Steve chuckled softly. Piper had a crush on Thor. She failed hopelessly at trying to hide it. What was funnier, however, was how awkwardly Tony reacted to it.
“Stand aside.”
No! Piper screamed.
“Hello.”
“You going to be okay?” asked the alpha.
“Steve?”
“Because I told you to.” Steve batted his eyes lashes. The alpha became lost for a moment.
“Steve.”
Tony tapped his fingers against his workshop table.
March 11, 2016
“I’m not good with these,” said Steve.
“Did you learn anything from fighting me?” she asked.
“What’s this?” he asked, taking Steve’s phone from the table.
He went to his knees. Piper remained close.
“You don’t remember.”
She handed him some tissue. He wiped the gel from his stomach. Natasha quietly entered.
They walked into the lobby. Steve took a seat on the couch not wanting to draw attention to himself. They’d never been together in such a public setting before.
Nausea woke Steve early the next morning.  He was pressed against the wall locked in. Steve crawled over Tony. His foot tangled in the sheets. He landed with an ungraceful thud.
“Hey, Steve."
“I owe the kid one.”
They went to the entrance. Thor stood outside wearing his armor.
“We don’t know that will happen?”
“Probably going to be here any second. They think you’d be a bad influence. What gave them that idea?”
“We won’t be able to see much this early on,” said Edith.
"So what do we do now?" asked Piper.
“Neema?” Natasha called over the radio.
“She’s all yours.”
“I’m only a child in appearance,” she said.
Her stance remained aggressive. The danger of the situation didn’t escape him. She could overpower him without exerting any real effort. But he didn’t back down and slowly approached her, keeping his posture open and unthreatening.
She punched Rumlow, knocking him out.
“We’ll have to talk with him.”
He tightened his hold on his mate.
“Hey, baby girl.”
Steve preferred calling it that, ‘going dark’. It felt less broken than ‘PTSD’ or ‘having an episode’.
"Kinda," said Steve.
"You're right." He wanted to know why it felt electric when they touched. Why his omega trust the alpha? While it distrusted so many others? The experience was all so new.
"It was."
“Pull up the footage of Steve’s room,” he said.
“For now.”
“I get a lot of this. It’s okay.”
“Night.”
Tony went tossed off his clothes and changed into something more comfortable. He smiled when he saw his pregnant, six-foot, super soldier husband spread eagle on the bed. It was a beautiful image. He took a seat beside his mate.
His muscles tensed in prep to leave.
“Who is that?” asked Steve.
“Can you tell us your friend’s name?” asked Maria.
Tony took a breath. He hated easily he slipped into that territorial alpha tone when a threat was anywhere near Steve. It was something he had to get over. Their orders came. Tony smiled softly when Steve instantly dipped his French fry into his strawberry milkshake. It was a cute cork. The meal was cozy. He could tell Steve was holding back his appetite so he ordered something to go. They went home. Happy had gotten a good head start on them the boxes and paintings were unpacked in the garage. They moved the painting into the guest bedroom. Tony unwrapped one of the smaller paintings. It was 24x 30. It was a glowing blue cube floating in a black background.
“You don’t have to stay with me.” Steve gave his permission; he knew his husband.
Died December 16, 1991
"Special?"
“What do you suggest?” asked Tony.
*****
“Please let my birth control work." The idea thrilled his inner omega of the concept of a baby with Tony. A pup was the last thing he needed. He was nowhere near ready for such a responsibility. Neither was Tony. Steve didn’t think he ever would be.
Helmut turned to the front page frowning when he saw the cute image of Piper Stark. It was unheard of for a missing child to stay on the front page for so long. If her parents were anyone else, people would have moved on by now.
“What's gamma radiation?” asked Steve. He knew radiation was terrible in general. It was poisonous, caused cancer, and most often lead to a slow miserable death.
He circled around her. "I do admire Lena's work, but your curriculum has been rather lacking. The only subject you're up to par with is bomb-making. And your firearm expertise is almost zilch.”
“You don’t have to wear that mask,” said Papa.
“He likes checking up me. He's been doing more than usual lately,” said Tony.
“You have some good things going for you in the way of combat. You’re fast and small.”
“You and Papa are fighting a lot,” said Piper.
This was dangerous. A super-powered omega in a feral state. Steve's scent was overpowering, filling the room in seconds. Whatever he was expecting, it wasn't being caught in a bear hug. He pinned to Steve's muscular chest. Thankfully, Steve maintained control over his massive strength. Tony regretted putting on a shirt. He wanted to feel the omega's smooth skin against his. Steve rubbed his cheek against him, transferring his scent. Tony purred, hoping it would help. He ran his fingers down Steve’s back. They stayed like that for about five minutes.
“Not you. But the things you do.”
“Our new asset has finally shown her potential.”
"Stark?"
Piper blinked, not knowing how to explain. "I'll show you." She grabbed Rune's hand, leading him outside. Her eyes went wide at the fantastic playset towering before her. She didn't know where to look. There was so much to do.
“I’m sorry,” Steve said. He hadn’t meant to reveal all of that; he had purposely not looked at that memory… but the words slipped out anyway.
“You’ve been painting,” said Tony. The omega’s hands were stained with different shades of faded blue and black.
“What if I do something for you?”
“Yes, your spelling has improved,” smiled Steve.
“Looks good to me,” said Steve.
"Do they still sell Rheingold?" asked Steve. It was the only beer he knew. It was Bucky's favorite and the cheapest thing at the liquor store. They sit on the roof of his apartment building drinking. Buck would split a bottle with him. If he drank an entire bottle himself, he useless the next morning.
“Unless you want to watch her a bit longer.”
"What does that matter?" asked Rune.
"Ever since she started crawling she hates being penned in," explained Steve.
Winter looked down at the pup, tucked away in his arms. He would have to leave her.
“I want to help you if I can.”
“You’re offering to be my sex toy,” said Steve. The offer was an incredible boost to his confidence. Tony made him feel beautiful.
“It’s fine just don’t tell, Clint. He’ll never let me live this down,” said Steve.
“His decision to talk will be completely up to Piper. In their relationship, she's the dominant of two, which is odd in itself. Eventually, they'll be able to have individual treatment, but for now, they’ll mostly be handled together."
“That." Same result. “Trust me you’re going to be in a puddle of blood on the ground in five, four, three, come on! Two."
"I'm a fan," said Phil. A slight blush spread across the beta’s face.
“Seems like there’s the only way in and out,” said Steve.
“What about my shield?” he asked.
“If we’re going to launch product next year I need, Stark. He lacked a decent incentive he has one now,” said Maya.
Piper took a breath. Better to get it over with, get herself prepared for the future. Maybe a little brother or sister wouldn’t be so bad.
"Please open your eyes."
The conversation was easy. He didn’t expect it to be that way. Steve looked at the table. He’d eaten all the donuts. Steve blushed.
"Do you want me to call him?" asked Jarvis.
“I almost feel bad for him.”
A primal part of Tony enjoyed the fact that the man had suffered. But he hated that he wasn’t the one who had caused it. Mainly he detested that they hadn’t gotten one piece of the information they so desperately needed.
He couldn’t move.
“One day your hands won't be so restless."
Tony spent several hours in his workshop every now and then he would look from his project to look at the footage from the master bedroom. Steve would be able to peacefully to descend into his heat, instead of being abruptly thrust into like last time. All that could be seen of the omega was a tuff of golden-brown hair. Around five he pulled himself away and went up to the kitchen to make Steve several grilled cheese. The smell of food wasn't enough to lure the omega from his nest. He grabbed the plate and quietly opened the door to their bedroom.
*****
"You can't hide from me," said Steve.
“Needs improvement.”
“I will,” said Jarvis.
“So this guy is her replacement?” asked Happy.
"I will." He got into the car.
“I thought you were asleep.”
“Not sure yet,” said Tony.
"My grandmother made me learn. I also speak with French, Spanish, and Dari. Oh, and Latin. Why my boarding school insisted on teaching a dead language I don't know,” said Tony.
“Do you want to take a look under the hood?” asked Barny, and popped the hood.
*****
“Good to see your back in your senses,” said Tony.
“Steve?"
Now that Pierce was aware of the girl's abilities, there would be more pressure for results. Lena had always been one to thrive under pressure.
There was no way Steve hadn't seen the news. He checked his phone. No voicemails or calls. Steve wasn't the type to vent his anger over the phone. No, he'd want to do it in person. He slowly pulled into the driveway. Two large twisted balls of brightly colored metal were displayed in the driveway. On closer inspection, he realized mangled heaps of metal were formally his Audia R8 and R8 Spyder.
“I have a mission,” he said.
She wanted to take him with her. Her chances of escaping were less than 1%. And that was the generous estimate. Adding him in brought it down to zero. He was unstable outside of his given setting.
“Unlikely, but she will be dealt with properly. I promise,” assured Natasha.
“Oil painting,” he said.
Steve laughed.
“Oh, thank god. I don’t think my heart could handle another pregnancy scare,” said Happy.
*****
"Do you want to know about daddy's most recent project? Of course, you do."
She opened up to him less than an hour ago, but now she was shutting him out. He’d have to wait for that chance to appear again. Maybe the next doctor would help her deal with what she was trying to hide. Until then, he'd have to be patient. Today was a breakthrough, though; so he had to be grateful for that. Now, he was probably going to watch Frozen for the hundredth time.
“See if the worm appears at any of the other Winter Soldier sightings.”
“I have my ways,” she said.
"I'll be back soon," said Tony.
“Night Nat.”
“Who else would want the role?” said Rhodes.
Steve showered after the gym. For the first time in a while, he felt like he was well-rested. He went to Piper's room, swallowing his panic when he saw her bed was empty and stripped. He took a breath and reasoned.
"You sold more war bonds than any other singular person."
“What! Should I watch my language? She’s not here!”
Steve nodded. Happy came in moments later with his bag.
“Here.”
“We’re fine.”
Steve groaned when at the slight dampness in his pants. Tony was instantly looming over him. He moaned at the simple lick of he the alpha's breath against his neck. Steve sunk further into the cushioned seat. Tony closing what little space there was between them.
“Stay like this.”
"You shouldn't pester the cook."
Everyone thought Steve was stronger one out of the couple, but that wasn't true. Despite his multitude of vices, Tony provided stability during hard times. Steve only wished he could do the same for the alpha.
“It’s fine,” he said.
“You scared the hell out me, sweetheart.”
She leaned over, placing a kiss on his cheek. “Such a sweet boy. You have my blessing."
He did as told. Edith gently pressed on his abdomen in different areas. She warmed her stethoscope in her hand before placing it against his chest.
“I can’t be,” he whimpered.
Instead of a playroom, Piper had an entire floor of the tower dedicated to her toys. It was one of her favorite places; her absolute favorite place being Tony's lab. She loved nothing more than to help him work on his latest project.
"It's lucky to have parents like you and Tony," he said.
"If you can do that," he said, pointing to the hundred-pound weight in the wall, “then your punches should pack much more of a wallop.”
“But -”
Steve woke in the earliest hours of the morning. Tears streamed down his face. As panic swarmed his heart. HIS BABY! Steve’s hands went to his stomach hoping for movement. He screamed.
Tony shook the man’s hand. He put up with the awkward gawking if it helped through this.
“Stop him on this floor. I’ll join him,” said Tony.
He changed into the heavy winter clothes. They landed on small icy clearance. Steve dug his spiked boots into the icy ground. A French agent was already there waiting. The agent spoke with Natasha.
The maximum time he could allow her to exist when not under proper care ten years. There was likely hood that she would have to eliminate if not found within that time limit. Such a task would one dangerous he would have to handle. If there was one misstep he would have Stark and Rogers demanding his head on a plate. The best option was for Piper to be found as soon as possible.
“Yes,” he said.
Slowly, they pulled away from each other. Lena got into a waiting taxi, waving goodbye to her family. She already missed them, but things at the lab were finally getting exciting. Lena couldn’t wait to return. She felt like a child anticipating Santa.
“He needs help, Steve.”
The elevator stopped on a lavish penthouse. It screamed expensive but in a relatively untacky way. The room was an open layout. Multiple rooms were mixed seamlessly into one. The view was incredible. It was as if he were looking out on the entire city. It had grown immensely. It was ever-changing.
“You’re burning the French toast,” said Tony. He smirked enjoying the omega's stunned expression. With other omegas, he couldn't risk the submission of letting one mount him. Steve was the only omega he could risk doing it without the fear of a press scandal.
“Aren’t you going to wear that?”
*****
“We found a stash of Stark weaponry,” said Natasha.
Steve did his best to keep that burden of his PTSD away from her. Piper would have so many expectations placed on her for the sole reason of her being their daughter. She was unaware of it now, but soon enough she would take notice. It was unfair, but that was the world. He could only protect her from so much. Steve could at least keep her safe from that part of himself.
“That was a lot to absorb,” said Natasha.
"You not superhuman, Tony. You need to sleep."
“How do you like Aunt Pepper?”
Tony kissed the omega goodnight. Mark 5 was almost fully repaired. There were a few updates he needed to add. Around two in the morning he went up the penthouse. He silently pushed open the door to the guest bedroom. There was actually enough room for him in bed. He joined his mate.
This was her bearer. Winter edged toward the fire escape.
“Please.”
“I’m sorry.”
Steve smiled.
“Yeah, why?”
“I love you.”
She charged at him. He managed to pin down the spy after a few attempts. Steve helped her up.
The pup whimpered, shrinking in on herself. He backed off from its source. He’d have to wait it out; eventually, someone would take it away. He was meant to be alone, preferred it. She plastered herself against the wall. Fear was the appropriate reaction. The pup covered her face with her arms, trembling. He glared at the door. Winter wanted her gone, but the thought of killing her caused his instincts to fire against him. He hoped it had all been wiped from him, but those instincts would reappear whenever he least expected. An itch, but it hadn’t proved a big inconvenience … until now.
"But I.. fine," said Tony.
“The cat.”
“Always.”
“I've got him,” said Tony.
“Did Winter teach those games?”
“You will continue on this mission. There’s still a great deal of good that can be learned from Captain Rogers’ pregnancy,” said Fury.
“Captain Rogers, I will handle Mr. Smith. Can you handle Mr. Power?” asked the coach.
“Assuming the arc reactor takes over successfully,” said Jarvis.
“Get to work,” said Steve entering the cave.
Around one in the morning, he was able to fall asleep. Three hours later Piper's screaming woke him up. Jarvis instantly turned on the lights. His eyes stung as they adjusted. He searched for any signs that would have caused her to make such a sound. She seemed okay, dry diaper.
"Would you prefer talking on this subject with Dr. Star?" asked Barny.
She gave him a doubtful look.
“Yes.”
“I didn’t mean to wake you.”
“Don’t tempt me, Tony."
It was difficult for her to keep her expression, and her scent, neutral. She’d kept a secret from them and it ate away at her. There were several times she’d wanted to tell them, but it had proven impossible. And telling them now would be worse. They’d already gone through so much. She twitched uncomfortably in her seat. It was hard to think of normal small talk in a situation such as this. A question as simple as ‘how are you doing’ seemed stupid.
“Winter?”
“Go ahead.”
Steve nodded. “I was hoping it would take longer.”
“Like Tony?” said Steve.
Steve woke up around eight. His nest was empty. He couldn't feel his mate's presence. And the giant rabbit was staring loomingly over him. How had Tony gotten it inside? How had Tony done it without waking him up?
"You can't expect me to have a good attitude. My omega is putting himself in danger during his most vulnerable time!"
"Jarvis, where are the kids?"
“He’s occupied,” said Steve.
Piper's eyes slowly opened. The walls were painted green with white flowers. It smelled like a hospital. Was she somehow home? She turned her head to the side, but it didn't look like any room from the tower.
“You pick,” said Tony.
“I think I’ll be able to handle it,” said Steve.
“I should have been here for him,” he said.
“You look it.”
Tony scooped her up, offering her the bottle. She huffed, pushing away the bottle.
“I think you should wear the scent blockers."
“She’ll heal long before Zemo gets here,” said Kevin.
Tony pulled him close to his chest.
"Yes, Tony. I've been taking my heat longer than you have. I'll be fine."
“She’s going to be late again.”
Steve sluggishly got to his feet, but he couldn’t leave the nest yet. Wincing as he had to brace against the wall. He took a breath, waiting for his legs to steady. Steve limped toward the bathroom.
She broke from the haze. Daddy was kneeling in front of her. She fell to her knees, realizing what she was doing, and dropped the shard.
"We'd grow sick of each other. I would hate for that to happen," said Steve.
Tony followed him to the kitchen. Happy to sit on the counter and watch him cook.
"Not sure if I'll be able to handle it well, but I'm willing to try," he said.
He searched for injuries. Finding yellowish tinges on her skin, the fading marks of something more serious.
“Sure,” he said.
Steve turned his attention to a piece of scrap paper. It was covered in equations.
He shot to the air throwing off his attackers.
Piper's bedtime rolled around. She was already nodding off halfway through Outrageous Acts of Science.
“Could we get another nesting couch?” asked Steve.
Steve sighed. This wasn’t a replacement for Howard. It would be unfair of him to think of Tony that way. Tony was a stranger to him. He couldn’t help who he was attracted to. He took the wine glasses from the coffee table and placed them in the sink.
"Try not to make a habit of it." Tony yawned already lulled by the calming effect of Steve's relaxing scent.
“Making a nest.”
"We'll handle that if or when it comes. We're safe now. You can relax," said Steve.
His hands started shaking. Distress flooded the room. It was a powerful mixture setting both alphas on edge. Tony clenched his teeth trying desperately to remain in control of his state of mind.
"Hmm."
“Got it?”
He went to the large farm sink. The window there looked on the playground. Rune was playing with the two betas. Steve struggled to rein in his jealousy.
"She is, Steve. But I can't let this rest," said Tony.
*****
“So, that’s what you’re feeling when you go dark?”
He was taken to a small common room. One of the walls had a one-way mirror. Steve took a breath. He’s safe no one will get the chance to hurt him. Now he was more than capable of protecting himself, but it was still a great comfort knowing he wasn’t completely alone.
“What?”
“Not really. Why?”
"Nutella popular in Europe. Thought you might like it," said Tony.
“Will you try and talk to him?” Tony asked
"I was told it was a surprise," he said.
“Piper.” A sudden light headiness ruined the perfection of the moment. He quickly handed off Piper to Tony. Before fading into unconsciousness.
“And what should I tell your husband?" asked Jarvis.
Steve waited until the insulting alpha was gone.
Steve was at his alpha’s side. The man’s skin was clammy. Tony groaned.
"Is there any chance of us getting out this early?" asked Steve.
"Whatever it is I'm sure it can wait," said Tony setting his phone aside.
January 9, 2016
It was too easy. Loki was too powerful to be beaten so swiftly. This was something he would want to play out. What was he planning?
“I don’t think you do. If something happens to him, I’m alone.” He ran a hand nervously through his hair. His feet tapped nervously against the ground.
"Nothing, she told me her Christmas gifts were enough. She has enough toys anyway,” said Steve.
“Oh.”
"You’re not losing me," repeated Tony.
“Okay, your daddy stay until you are comfortable,” said Bloom.
“Pull up Harley Davidson 42WLA for sale,” said Tony. The bikes ranged from eighteen to twenty thousand. A rusted bike beat up caught his interest. It only cost a grand. A project that Steve and he could work on together.
“Why are you only in your underwear?”
Piper nodded. She hung by her knees, looking down at her. Bloom held up her phone. On it was a picture of her family. Bloom was sitting with a woman with wild curly dark red hair.
A horrible throbbing ache spread through his head.
“A book Turner recommended,”
At four, Pepper came to the tower, carrying two garment bags.
“Marked?”
“Of course.”
Steve released the shield and took the inventor in his arms. He nuzzled against Tony’s neck, scenting him. Steve purred.
“I look forward to your next set of reports, Dr. Zemo. What a pair those two will make,” said Pierce.
Piper sat at breakfast, stuffing her face with waffles. “Where are my papa and daddy?” she asked when Pepper came back to the kitchen.
"This is your operation," he said.
“Gamma Radiation, please tell we don’t have another issue,” said Phil.
“It's after Dr. Seuss."
“TONY!”
“Pamper?”
“Too bad.”
“We’ll get him, Steve.”
“How many are there?” asked Fury.
“A panic button,” said Steve.
"It will only come up again."
"Not personally," she said.
But it didn’t fuel her into charge.
“Yes, Tony.”
“Fine."
“What’s the official story here? What Happened?”
“Please get me out,” she whimpered.
Tony lifted the metal on top of them. Steve caught the metal edge that nearly sliced through Pepper’s neck.
Steve went to the infirmary sliding open the door.
"Why me?" A grunt.
“How did we get this shift?” said the guard.
“What if he finds something?” asked Steve.
“Do you how hard this is on Carl?”
“I do, Steve. We’ve been together for five years. In all that time, do you think I learned nothing? I know,
The facemask lifted. Steve kissed him, slowly pulling away.
"I'm respecting his wishes," said Tony.
“Yeah."
They undressed as they moved. Tony's hand wandered Steve’s form. His skin was so perfectly soft to the touch. They pushed through the bedroom door. His grip tightened around his mate's waist, causing a small gasp to leave Steve's lips. All the omega was left in were pair black boxer briefs.
“Oh my god!” The kid dropped his gun to get a better look. “Is that? Is that Ironman?”
Steve’s muscles tensed underneath him.
“Getting out.”
The only reason Pepper knew about his plan was that she found him working on the ring. Tony handcrafted Steve’s wedding band and trinket. The only reason she knew of the necklace was she’d caught glimpse of the metallic chain while Steve was training. At first, she found herself jealous of how quickly Tony was moving on. But then, she was moving on herself. And his relationship with Steve made him more predictable, easier to work with.
"What's next?" asked Tony.
“Fuck."
“I love you, Piper.” Papa kissed her on the forehead.
“See that little flicker?”
“I want to keep her to our selves for a little while longer.”
“You’ve lost five pounds since your heat. Considering the circumstances, I’m surprised you didn’t lose more. You didn't have long to store calories before entering active heat," said Edith.
"Not right now." Tony grunted when Steve elbowed his side.
Tony scowled at the idea of anything tampering with Steve's wonderful scent. "Jarvis send me a full body scan now!"
“Fuck!”
Steve shook his head. "Just a bad contraction."
“Complete our bond.”
"I haven't seen her smile like that for a while," said Tony.
"What's on your mind?"
"I'm not sure." Were these new doubts and feelings only due to a failure in his programming? Or were they how he was meant to be?
“What?” asked Tony.
They took a seat on a bench outside the emergency room doors. The spies' faces were schooled, but their tapping feet revealed their true feelings.
“Winter?”
He accepted the offer. Bruce was unused to people who knew what he was being so willing to offer physical connection.
The alpha moan. Steve couldn't stop his needy whimper this time. He wanted to hear so much more.
The nursed pulled him away. He shoved her away. “I’m not leaving him!” yelled Tony.
Steve's distress flooded Tony's senses. The omega's face was hidden against his neck. Tony ran his hand down Steve's back, trying to calm him. If he were the only affected, he wouldn't care, but his mate had been brought into this mess.
“Extremis is practically stable,” she said.
“Good, give it here.” She instantly dropped the wooden rod in his hand.
“Just don’t spend too much time thinking,” said Piper.
He pushed his curiosity down. Captain America was his father’s toy, not his. He lasted two minutes before giving in. He called Happy. Minutes later, a car pulled the front of his mansion.
"Could you beat Batman?"
She nodded.
“I wouldn’t call them nightmares,” said Steve.
“Piper, no. I’m not having a baby. I promise. Your father and I were in no place to have another child. Did they tell you that?”
Steve was already retreating into their bedroom. Edith followed him into the elevator. Tony was clenching the railing. His posture was barely containing the worry within. They got off on the lab floor. Stark took a seat at his desk and began fiddling with a random piece of equipment.
“I’ll check up on him,” said Rhodes.
“Thank you. You have no idea how much that means to me,” said Steve.
"Call Pepper, tell her what happened.”
“Shit,” he muttered.
“Howard has a son?” said Steve. He couldn't picture Howard as a family man.
Especially since it was a science. That was supposed to be her thing. "You're a doctor, right?"
“You wash yourself, but either me or daddy has to stay with you,” said Papa.
“Tony.”
“You wouldn’t be in my top ten,” said Tony.
His hold loosened. How could he think that? Father loved them both it didn’t matter that they weren’t blood.
"He's not made of glass."
“You think I’m not? Why did Fury call us? Why now why not before? What isn’t he telling us? I can’t do the equation if I don’t have all the variables,” said Tony, before eating a blueberry.
“I opened the last one,” said Steve.
"Sure."
“I’m not overly fond of what follows,” said Loki.
“We should stay here, or we'll constantly be going back and forth for appointments," said Steve.
“I’ve never said that.”
"She didn't do anything. Classes then a session where we just played chess."
He shook his head. "Don't."
“I’m not a tech genius like you.”
“I know you can.”
The alpha smiled. He took the clothes and changed. The alpha watched his every motion. He sat next to his mate.
“I’d be happy to help you work it off,” smiled Tony.
“Captain, none of this is going to mean a damn thing if we don’t close that portal,” she said.
“Should I be concerned?”
Steve turned red, hiding his face in the crook of Tony's neck.
"I can." Despite what he had to offer and what he did for the war effort, some alphas looked for an excuse to knock him down, put him in his place. Chester and Howard could only do so much for him. He had to make his own way.
“It’s fine, Anthony. Newborns do everything on their own time,” she said. Peggy laughed.
“How is she?”
Winter's hands clenched. Remembering the many bruises, he found on the pup due to this man. The man believed it was for the betterment of the pup. His prosthetic arm creaked under the self-inflicted pressure.
Lena quietly left the bed, shutting the door silently behind her, before going to her room. Lena shed her clothes and crawled into bed with Helmut. He turned his arms wrapping around her waist pulling her close. She turned to face him. He kissed her.
“Why?” asked Steve. This was personal between him and Tony. It wasn’t related to his health.
The pup hit his legs. There was no strength behind the attack and Winter figured it was best to wait it out. She would tire soon enough. Let her get out whatever this was. She collapsed against him, crying into his pant leg. He picked her up, sitting her on the bed.
“It’s beautiful.”
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to wake you,” he said.
Dinner came around and Steve was craving comfort food. He made twenty grilled cheese sandwiches and settled on the counter. That should be enough. Tony took a seat next to him.
A blade shot gauntlet, slicing off Killian’s arm before his strike could land. Killian crumbled clutching his arm.
*****
“What happened you?” asked Steve.
“Will he even last that long?” asked Rumlow.
“I don’t need you to pick out my wardrobe,” said Tony.
“I’m not sure of her level of involvement,” said Natasha.
“Together."
“Nazi, prison cells I liberated. I won’t able to stop painting until I’m done,” said Steve.
“The man can sleep through anything!” growled Tony.
"Bottling it up isn't the same thing as pulling it together. She'll explode again, and we may not be there when it happens," said Steve.
"I've never seen you like this before," said Rhodes.
"I'm up now. This better be worth it, or I’ll rewire you,” said Tony.
Steve ran through the alleys of New York avoiding the masses by climbing onto the rooftops. His heart raced painfully in his chest. The cold air wicked painfully at his tears. He easily jumped from building to building, stopping when he saw the Brooklyn Bridge.
“She’s willing to film in New York,” said Pepper.
"You want us to bring you back anything?" asked Tony.
"Sorry, caught in a thought, but I'll take you up on that offer. Come back here after I visit Peggy. If that's alright with you."
“Was I too rough?"
"How can I now? It's so properly placed," said Tony.
"How's Happy?" asked Steve.
“Please, let me help you.”
“You didn’t,” she said.
“Good pup.”
“I’m sure he would be,” said Steve. There was no way Howard couldn’t take pride in all the good Tony had done. “Maria, what was she like?"
"I'm doing what's best for us."
"The doctors wanted to wait until they are conscious. I will authorize their movement. It's best if they stay together," said Hill.
“Why? Why did you do that?!”
“Do you think I'd be calling if there was someone else? Steve just had an episode. I can't take care of both of them. So are you still in New York?"
"You should paint."
“Alright, sir."
Rune closed his eyes, but couldn’t figure out what direction they were coming from. But they were coming.
“I don’t want you to panic-
“Your breath is stinky.”
Steve smiled. His first Christmas in seventy years. He hadn’t gotten Tony a present. Steve was sure the alpha wouldn’t care, but he couldn’t help feeling a little guilty. After last night the alpha wouldn’t care.
Bruce jumped, scrambling to find his glasses, surprised when he saw the pouting toddler sitting on the floor.
“With the same level of effortlessness?” he asked.
Pepper was stunned by the beautiful little boy that approach her and Maria. He was gorgeous, with cerulean blue eyes and wavy brown hair that fell in his face.
"You are capable of doing more. And I have to let go sometimes, but it's hard, Piper. You're still so young, and my every instinct tells me to watch over and protect you. I'll give you the shower, but no baths. And you may only shower with Jarvis's supervision," said Steve.
“Whose truck is that?” she asked.
“May I offer a comprise,” said Jarvis.
“Steve!” Tony shouted. Shit, why hadn’t he brought a suit? Steve was more than capable of handling himself. Tony had to trust that, and focus on the here and now. He was standing in an apartment with a dead man. He made a call to Agent Hill. A flashing light caught his eye. There in the monitor was a flash drive. Tony took it, sliding it into his pocket. He could handle it better than S.H.I.E.L.D. As soon as he finished explaining the situation he went after his mate.
“Tony, I want to do this.”
She opened her mouth, taking a spoonful. Her hands weren’t steady enough to feed herself. He had her finish an entire tray before he ate. The pup was silent as he ate, but she'd regained some color.
“We should get you out of here before it comes back,” said Pepper.
“I have my eye on you, Dr. Zemo.”
Steve wanted to tell him. But he needed to be free of the protective alpha instinct that would ensue when he did. He had to be free to fight this fight fully.
“I’m under strict orders not to tell you, but I assure you it’s nothing harmful,” said Jarvis.
“Good morning, Steve,” said Jarvis.
“Only for now. Different handlers will be introduced to her programing in time. You can understand the need for limiting access to such an asset."
Her eyes widened. The preheat stained his scent. Her nose wrinkled his scent was terrible."I shouldn't have snuck up on you."
“Don’t be a child, Piper.” Lena pushed her inside.
“What are you going to do to me?” he asked.
"You were hurt by my weapons."
He waited until Tony was done before pulling away. Steve set Tony back in the tub. He tossed his shirt in the corner. The alpha eyes had closed again.
He’d seen the footage of Banner as the Hulk. Tony couldn’t imagine that as a bear.
Banner picked up the scepter. Unlike the other, Steve didn’t go for a weapon. That wasn’t the solution. They had to deescalate the situation. “Dr. Banner put down the scepter,” he said.
"You do?"
“You’re you’re Captain America,” stuttered Rhodes.
“Stark gave you some new tech. Could you convince him to make me some new arrows?” asked Clint.
Steve straddled his lap. His omega’s scent changed. The stress of the moment triggered Steve's heat fully. The ten surviving men were repelling down the elevator shaft.
“Yes.” Steve purred, allowing Tony to groom him. “You think you can move big guy?”
“Papa?”
“Long mission?”
"What about being a parent?" asked Bruce.
The alpha searched the scan for any potential harm to his omega. His temperature and general level of stress were reduced.
Piper yanked it off Winter and slid it away from them. Winter shielded her as the unknown alpha took his hand off the switch.
“Do you want me to come with you?”
Steve shook his head. Tony helped him out of bed. Steve sat on the bathroom counter. Tony filled the tub and checked the temp. It was perfect. He took off Steve’s medical gown and underwear. Tony took a seat next to Steve on the bathroom floor.
That shock hadn't faded. Steve wanted to call Natasha. Maybe she could give him the boost of courage he needed, but she was on a mission, so he couldn’t interfere. Edith was too deep in her research, and he couldn’t disrupt her.
“What does that mean?”
He spent most of the day with Natasha. Around five his chest a slight ache spread across his chest.
"It's impossible to get a good read on the numbers. It will take a day to plan the best method of attack with a S.T.R.I.K.E unit,” said Clint.
Bruce blinked, caught off guard by the demand. "Why would you want me to teach you? Your parents could get you, anyone, you want."
“He gave you a drawer,” she said.
“You’re perfect,” said Tony. He was about to reach and touch Steve’s cheek but he resisted the urge.
"You were supposed to check on him!" growled Steve.
“I’m Dr. Barnaby Turner. But you can just call me Barny. Everyone does."
“Glad, your back, Hap."
Rune could have sworn he was talking to an adult instead of a little girl. There was something so wise to her eyes. Maybe that was one of her powers. She aged super slowly so she was stuck as a kid when she was actually older.
“It wasn’t under your control.”
“Tony"
Steve awoke only a couple of hours later, snuggly pressed against Tony. Steve dry heaved. Once he untangled himself, he ran to the nearest the bathroom, but didn’t make it and threw up in the hall. Steve groaned. He glanced back at his studio. Tony was still asleep.
"You need to eat. Keep up your strength."
He kept his head down as he walked toward the bar. Accidentally running into a woman. She'd dropped her wallet. He picked it up.
“I’m sorry, Piper normally eats now.”
"You can hold her. I bet she'd like seeing you," said Natasha.
“Steve Rogers,” he said.
“Do you just want to kiss it on the facial slit?”
“Where are you with that?” asked Bruce.
"What's wrong? If it's tech I can’t say I’ll understand but I can listen,” said Steve.
Steve relaxed.
The morning came. Steve yawned stretching out. Piper was asleep for the moment. He tucked her in Tony arms.
Tony went to the kitchen. Steve was making breakfast. The omega was wearing that perfect warm smile. There was a plate waiting for him on the counter.
“What do you do?” he asked.
"Run it through facial recognition," said Tony.
“I will.”
“Steve.”
“How’s Rune?”
“Have you gotten the mail?” asked Steve.
“I shouldn’t be wasting my time doing this.” She slammed down the pieces she was working on. They shattered. Tony caught her arm before she could storm upstairs. Piper yanked it away and climbed further up the stairs so she could have the upper ground. She growled at him, baring her teeth, challenging him. Tony resisted his first instinct to snarl back. A blue light shimmered through the color of her eyes.
Maria found herself agreeing despite the fact that the usual procedure demanded thorough questioning of all witnesses.
“Mmm.”
“What?”
“Sorry sir,” they said.
“How long did it take?” asked Tony.
“So you’re my boyfriend?” asked Steve, a smile tugging at the corners of his mouth.
His hold on her scalp tightened. Her face was roughly shoved into a slotted muzzle, allowing her to breathe and talk clearly.
“Oh, but it’s so much more fun being naughty,” said Tony.
. “I thought it was more. Are you sure?”
“Fighting for her also means taking care of yourself. You’re useless to her like this.”
"You never have. When you were in Papa's tummy, you'd kick him until we stopped."
"It was a fluke," said Tony.
“She’s a super-spy assassin with no power or super-suit who’s skill is great enough to be on the Avengers.”
"I never wanted to keep this from you."
No, he wasn’t having sex in a garage. He wanted somewhere more secure. Steve made a dash to the elevator, knowing full well it would trigger his alpha’s instinct to chase. The elevator doors slid shut behind. Tony cornered him but he slid away. They started moving up. Tony locked him in the corner. He moaned as Tony kissed his neck. They weren’t going to make it to the penthouse.
“It won’t be it just 948cc Austin A-series inline four-cylinder engine.” The twin Su carburetors only 43 horsepower and 52 lb-ft of torque powering the rear wheels. Not nearly enough power. All the additions would add some extra weight that they were still working on, cutting down more weight where they could.
"But you'll be able to take this with you, anywhere you want." Lena placed an iPad on her desk. Piper didn't touch it. Was this some kind of trick? Was she really being given a piece of tech?
“I’m okay, pumpkin,” he said.
Tony nodded. There was no choice but to use a command. He locked eyes with Steve. The omega kept his gaze.
Beta read by AbsoluteShenanigans
“Alright,” said Bruce.
Some of the tension left the alpha. He seemed more relaxed in their settings. They enjoyed a quiet lunch.
Music played over its intercoms. Tony came flying toward them, hitting Loki with a blast. Tony landed in front of Steve. Multiple weapons emerged from his suit.
This was supposed to be the easy part. Behind the metal doors, he heard Tony pacing. He wanted them near, but far away all at the same time. There was no question of his love for his family, but he felt so disconnected from them, not only them but this era.
"Thank you."
Steve broke away.
“Hey, Steve how is your holiday going?”
"Huh."
“That time was to make him feel comfortable talking to me. Do you know how difficult that was?” said Barny.
“Brown eyes, brunet, intelligent, and confident”, he said.
Once they finished with the prep, they put everything in the pot and put it on a low simmer. They found their way back to the couch with a large bowl of popcorn. Playing the movie from where Jarvis paused it. Steve was pressed snugly to Tony by the end of the movie. A bowl of popcorn rested on the ground.
“Yeah, Jarvis.”
“He handled that remarkably well,” said Steve.
“I would say so,” said Steve.
The alpha paled. Steve laughed.
“I’m sure you’ll be able to improvise something.”
“Morning, handsome.”
“A little girl with enormous strength and a genius-level intellect. There are people who will see her as a weapon instead of a child," said Bruce. She would have better luck with the label than he did. Piper would be an easier pill to swallow. She'd grow up to be a beautiful young woman. That was much easier to accept the freakish green monster.
“You won’t,” he said.
There was a knock on the door.
“Add Stark to the list,” he said. She stared at him like he had two heads.
“What?”
, Steve,” Tony corrected gently. “It isn't only you. It will be difficult, but hopefully, not impossible to gain it back."
“If you want to get up there you’re going to need a ride,” said Steve.
“You don’t know how rare it is for me to sleep through the night."
"I love that you want to, and if this were another time, I'd be happy for you to help, but we don't need to bring any more attention to ourselves. I need your mind here," said Steve.
“Yes, he’s on our side. He’s a nice guy,” said Natasha.
“How did you umm-
"Describe it for me."
Tony shrugged. That wasn't an issue. Steve wore his mark and carried his child.
“No, it’s not."
“I can’t.”
“Elton John."
The back of the jet opened. Suddenly, it jolted forward, sending her tumbling out.
“I wanted to hear what he had to say,” she said.
"You're not coming out!" he snarled.
"Where did all that passion go?" Winter’s face was blank of all emotion. The fight was gone. He'd given up.
"A promise that you'll comply with our conditions," he said. George quickly jotted down the agreement she'd proposed, leaving a place for her to sign, offering it to her.
Piper hugged him. Winter returned the gesture. If he died now, he would die happy, doing something good. The blue light dimmed from her skin. She went limp in his arms.
“I don’t know.”
“Sure,” said Natasha.
Bruce took a moment to absorb what he’d seen. The conversation he understood, but the underlying messaging between Tony and Steve was something else completely. There was something between those two.
His panic built.
"Fine."
“Will you help me go through the list of alphas Hill made for me?” asked Steve.
“Perfect,” he sighed.
Steve could tell she didn't fully believe him. He would do anything to make her believe him. She used to trust him fully.
Natasha tensed. There was something in his voice that caught her attention. He was trying to hide something. The man was one of the worst lairs she'd met.
Steve took one the sugar helped calm his nerves.
“I look forward to it,” said Thor.
“Not the face."
“When is this?” he asked.
“Much rather.”
When Tony went to put Steve down he whined and clung closer.
“Yes.”
"Captain Rogers, Mr. Stark, and this must be-
They were fired on. Tony fired back before taking cover with Rhodes.
“Maybe he’ll have better luck getting through to her,” said Steve.
“You wouldn’t be. We were just finishing up,” said Bruce hurrying out of the room.
“She’s done nothing to garter attention, sure. I’ve already sent the general analysis she’s taken to Bruce,” said Jarvis.
*****
"Nightmares, I didn't want to wake you."
Bruce withered at that big blue puppy dog gaze. “I guess there’s no harm in reviewing the basics.”
Steve went to the massive machine. He pushed against the dummy and started charging forward. Steve straightened when he reached the end of the field.
Steve turned red.
“Comfy?”
"What were your first feelings when you discovered that you were with child."
The reintroduction of serum affected his pregnancy. HIs morning sickness was sometimes so intense it caused dehydration. He'd have to be hooked up to an IV so he wouldn't blackout. The pup's kick became a painful experience. She frequently broke his ribs and left large dark bruises on his sides and stomach.
"Again, I apologize. That was unprofessional," she said.
“He isn’t a doctor,” said Blackwell.
“Taken care of,” said Tony.
"And there's nothing wrong with that"
“Neither, I’m a machine person. If I had to choose I would say dog. I don’t like the idea of dealing with a litter box. I hated Aunt Peggy’s cat. It constantly pounced and bit at my ankles. Why?” he asked.
“No, I’m good.”
“Watch the pancakes,” he said pushing the spatula into Tony’s hand.
“I'm allowed to have bad days,” said Steve.
“We should visit Peggy?”
"It's good to be back. Hello, by the way."
“Don’t tease. It only seems to be about you,” said Steve.
“Boo?”
“Who?”
Pierce went to the computer, pulling up footage from the flight deck. It was easy enough to track the location of the crafts. His eyes widened when he saw the direction of their flight path. They were less than two hours away from Antarctica! The assets had to be moved and quickly.
“I’ll take you here anytime you want,” he said.
“She should have known this would happen,” replied the other.
A cry broke through, announcing she was here.
"Sure."
“See, now you’re being helpful."
“Making sure she knows who you belong to,” said Steve.
Steve pushed the thought aside, saying “Edith, may we please continue.”
“Bottom,” said Steve. He took a seat in the bottom bunk, falling back into the mattress. His shield rested beside him. The leather straps couldn’t be salvaged.
“Are you sure? I can leave," said Happy.
"Steve, I need you to come back. Please, sweetheart."
Natasha, Clint, and Steve made to the hanger. They went to the nearest jet.
“Five minutes,” warned Steve.
“I’d like to welcome our guests Steve Rogers and Tony Stark. First, I would like to thank you for all that you’ve done to protect us,” said Oprah.
“Next time we’ll do more," said Tony.
“La, la.”
An archer stood in the rafters. The man came down from his perch. He was dressed in black and well built. He had sharp dark blue eyes and brown hair. An alpha. Steve was naturally on guard.
Piper suppressed a growl; instead, she glared at the woman. Lena rolled her eyes, unaffected.
“You’re my husband.”
“You got him pregnant."
“Well, if I put an arrow through Loki’s eye socket I’d probably sleep better I suppose,” said Clint.
Winter nodded. It was never too early to learn how to defend oneself. Piper reached her arms out toward him. He quickly picked her up and she huddled to his neck.
Tony laughed.
“She will learn how to control. She’s a smart girl,” said Steve. She’d always been so quick to pick things up. He was sure she could do this too.
It was hard to picture Loki and Thor as pups. Everyone starts off as a pup. Thor’s stomach growled. Steve quickly hugged the alpha. His instincts fought against such contact to an alpha that wasn’t his so closely after being bonded.
He slowly opened his eyes but kept his gaze grounded.
“Sorry,” he said.
“He’s no longer himself. Took a shot at the director,” said Phil.
"Nothing about war."
“Something is always wrong,” she said.
Steve kissed the alpha. “I love you,” he said.
Lena kneeled down, catching her four-year-old son in a hug. In his hand was his Ironman action figure. She held him tight.
She turned away. Her voice was timid. It was wrong.
He was desperate to force back more. Steve took a shaky breath. “I hoped you'd be happy for me. I’ve found an alpha that loves me. And I’ve fallen for him. He makes me so happy." Steve. Steve got to his feet brushing the snow from his pants. A massive weight dropped from his shoulders. “I’ll try to visit again, Buck."
There was only one slice on his back. She saw glimmering pieces of glass stuck in the wound. Piper swallowed nervously.
“I like learning how to fight, Winter, but I don't think I could ever intentionally kill a person. I don't want to. Do you like killing?"
She fell limply to the ground. Blood dripped from her forehead and nose. He waited for her to get up. It couldn't be that easy. She'd been holding back too. He just knew it.
“Art.”
“Good, let’s see what we got.”
“I don’t remember it. Winter, they did something to my mind!" she screamed.
"I'll be back in twenty minutes," he said.
"Jarvis, hang up the damn phone and ignore all incoming calls," said Tony.
“Rhetorical!”
“I’m sorry for stepping on your toes,” said Thor.
"We both know what could be gained from this. Do you want that kind of information in their hands?" said Tony.
Steve got dressed and left. Jarvis would tell Tony where he when he woke up. The bagel shop was less than a block away so he wouldn’t be gone long. The sidewalks were almost empty. Beer cans and other things from the New Year's celebration littered the streets. He opened the doors of the bagel shop, picking up his order. He paid with his S.H.I.E.L.D. credit card. He came out of the shop with two large brown paper bags filled bagels and several containers filled with cream cheese. Steve started his walk home. He stopped.
His arm wrapped around her waist, pulling her back into bed. She cuddled into his chest, breathing his scent.
“Nat.”
The man was confident, something that came naturally with alphas. Hopefully, he had the skill to back it up. If Tony died during surgery, he would never forgive the surgeon or himself. Dr. Wu went through every step of the procedure with them. He didn't understand some parts, but it helped ease some of his nerves.
“You do, Piper,” said Steve softly.
“I can’t put someone undeserving through that. Neither of us needs any more guilt on our conscious,” said Steve.
"We can visit again."
“You're fine.” Keeping a kid awake on sugar rush wasn't his best idea. He'd more sugar than that in one sitting as a kid, so he could stay up and work on a project, but that was before discovered coffee.
"If only all children were so lucky," said Natasha.
Tony rolled his eyes. He slowly rose from his bed, glancing at his clock—three hours of sleep a new record for the week. As soon as he stepped into the kitchen, the room activated. The coffee maker started brewing.
“If it’s all the same to you, I’ll have that drink now,” said Loki.
Tony resisted urged to roll his eye at Steve’s stern voice.
He raised his shield. If anything came at them he could handle it best. Clint and Natasha nodded in agreement. They slowly worked their way through. All there was old food rations and other boxes.
“I don’t know.”
"Should I get Daddy?"
“So you liked his voice? Any other celebrity crushes?” asked Tony.
“Could be a while,” she said.
“Yes, Sir."
“That doesn’t mean there isn’t someone out there looking for you.”
Her eyes opened, holding a new shade of glowing blue. Branches of the blue light glimmered underneath her skin. She screamed a wave of glowing blue power echoed through the room.
“You were supposed to report in when you found him,” said Natasha.
“Tell me about your family,” said Steve.
“I’m being beckoned. It was nice meeting you, Iris,” said Lena.
Tony hated going to museums even as a child. They were relics of the past, he wanted to focus on the future. The only museum of interest to him when he was young was the Air and Space Museum, but even that became boring after the second trip.
“I spend most of my time in the lab, but I own most of the surrounding beach,” he said.
“Sorry, Thor I’m not laughing at you. Oz is a fictional character from a movie,” he said.
"For if we don't know the past we are condemned to repeat it."
“Yes.”
His alpha remained motionless. Tears blurred his vision. "Please."
Steve was smiling brightly. "And you thought you were bad with children."
“I’m done. You may get dressed,” said Edith.
Tony stood in the middle of the gory mess, panting. He went to Steve.
“She’ll survive.”
The line cut off with the male voice ending the call.
Spotting her, Helmut blew out a puff of smoke, then he dropped his bud, stomping it out.
*****
When they fell into the bed, the exhaustion of the last few days struck them full force and sleep came instantly.
“That’s a good idea. Maybe I’ll build one.” He twitched when the kid accidentally broke off one of the suit’s fingers.
The beta smirked. She didn’t flinch when he came near the glass.
Those beautiful blue eyes met his.
“You’re too soft,” said the alpha.
“Mostly coffee and protein bars while I’m working on a project,” he said.
“She’s fine, Steve. Crowding her isn’t the way of getting her to trust us like she did before. It will only make her feel constrained,” he countered, shutting the blinds, making the room just dark enough to sleep.
“How long does it take a person to freeze to death?”
"Should we tell, Stark about Rumlow?" asked Natasha.
“Now do you think they’d want the monster you’ve become?”
“It was faster. Can we order Chinese tonight?” Steve asked, changing the subject.
The kid smiled.
“You’re dismissed.”
"I'll see you in a week then. I've got about fifty calls to return," said Pepper. She turned on her heels heading toward the elevator.
“What kind of idiotic reasoning is that?” said Lena.
“I believe you.”
She didn’t know what was going with herself. Anger like this was something she never dealt with before. Was it only from being here? Was it changing her into an angry person? She whimpered. Another part of her chipped away. How much longer until she wasn’t her?
“You can tell me,” said Steve, batting his eyelashes. This normally worked on the alpha.
“This is where you belong. Submitting to an alpha. Stark, has been too lenient with you,” said Rumlow.
“Alpha?"
“It’s alright. I’m happy to see you.”
“I can’t Pipes. You know I would if I could,” he said.
“That won’t make him come back.”
“I’m so sorry!”
“Shall we play doctor?” said Tony.
"I'll help you unwind as soon as I get the chance," said Maria.
"I have to. Luckily I have some great people willing to help me," said Steve.
“How bad was it?”
“What does it power?”
“Thanks, umm … Mr. Piper’s Papa,” said Rune.
He clutched it tightly. “Thank you."
“I’m more than just Captain America. Sometimes people don’t see that. I’m more than just a soldier,” he said.
“We can’t. They messed up our time,” said Piper.
Tony was struck by a wave of stale distress. Steve stood in the door of the lab. The man looked exhausted.
“You haven’t changed,” she said.
Steve woke up on the bathroom floor, a now regular occurrence. They’d successfully made it to the seven-week mark.
“Mine."
"Buyers on the dark web with an interest in those parts have nothing to do with my daughter. What are you doing here, Rhodes? I know it's not to bother me with questions you already know the answer to," said Tony.
“How much did you forget? Do you remember who you are?”
Piper dropped as a current coursed through her. She curled into a ball, her jaw locked. When the current cut off, she lay still, trying to recuperate.
“Steve, math is always right,” said Tony.
"How did you sleep?" asked Tony.
“I think that’s Director Fury.”
“Let her go!” Steve shouted.
Steve chose Where the Wild Things Are. It was one of Piper's favorites - at least it had been. "May I sit with you?"
Three minutes later, she was out. He carefully pulled a blanket over her. She’d sleep for one to two hours. That was if she didn’t have nightmares. She had nightmares almost every other day. The pup didn't have to tell him what they were about. It was either about her being kidnapped or the men she killed. No matter which one, she was left emotionally drained afterward.
“Upper ground has the advantage.”
“I missed you too, brother,” said Loki.
“No, that's about the average. When have you known Tony Stark to be normal?” said Natasha.
“Steve!”
“We do.” It was amazing how much that fact made the anger receded. He took a breath thinking about the little girl tucked peacefully into bed.
“All the practice in the world wouldn’t make me ready for this,” he said.
“No, they’re going through a lot right now, and it’s getting the best of them. They’ll make up after they’ve had some time to calm down,” said Pepper. At least she hoped so. Steve and Tony didn’t fight often, but when they did, it was untamed.
"Careful, she might just make it fly," said Tony.
"I've spent enough time with them. I need to spend time with you," said Tony.
“Alright,” he said.
Steve woke slowly the next morning to Tony’s alarm.  The alpha was dressed.
"It doesn't matter. It just took me some time to realize that it was only said since his own pain was so great," said Rhodes.
“I need to check your progress,” she said.
“Winter, do I scare you?”
“That’s stupid.”
“I liked it when you bit me. And next we umm-
"Sorry," groaned Steve.
“Told him I was making repairs to your stairlift,” said Tony.
Rhodes didn’t push further. Tony was barely hanging onto his current state of mind. Rhodes prayed his goddaughter, Steve, and Pepper's safety. Showing concerning would only agitate Tony further. He couldn't risk Tony entering alpha state.
“Can you get the shower ready, Jarvis?”
Carl became lost in the excitement, accidentally running into a woman, spilling his chocolate ice cream all over her white shirt. His dad ran quickly to his side.
"It will be an exclusive with a live audience," said Pepper.
“How?” she asked.
“Of course not," said Jarvis.
“We aren’t going to separate you,” said Steve. It would hurt both the pups. The depths of their friendship was apparent.
“You hit the button for this floor.”
“We haven’t discussed one aspect of his medical care. What happens when he goes into heat?"
Steve smiled. Tony was back.
“You only have two.”
Steve ran to the window. An alpha male dressed in black was running from the apartment. It was the same alpha who attacked him when he was pregnant with Piper. Steve sprinted down the fire escape after him.
“You won’t believe me if I told you,” he said.
“Yes, she’s currently with Rune outside.”
Steve shook his head.
"I've tried...I'm trying. It doesn't come," he said.
"There's nothing to talk about."
“And you locked in me the same plane with you?!” snarled Tony.
“My friend was attacked.”
“He’s a good man. I don’t say that often. He doesn’t seem to do it for you,” said Natasha.
“Thor, I’m no fan of your brother. He killed innocent people for power. And threw my mate out a skyscraper-
"How did you know I was here?" asked Steve.
“Sir, I suggest you eat something,” said Jarvis.
“They won’t,” said Tony.
The audience took their seats.
Winter snorted.
The pungent odor of distress flooded off the pup. He swallowed back a dry heave of his own. Winter had burnt bodies, dug up and disposed of decaying corpses without so much as flinching. But the scent of this pup in distress was sickening. He ran his fingers through her hair. Normally, that was enough to calm her down, but now, it proved ineffective. Lena stared at them. Why would she want the pup like this? Piper was useless to anyone in this state.
“Such an old man,” she teased. Nat plugged the flash drive into the laptop. Two files appeared on the screen one labeled male the other female.
If she truly knew him, she wouldn’t say that. He was certain.
“Only checking. Have a safe flight,” said Steve.
Steve's grip tightened. He pushed his nose closer to Tony’s neck, inhaling his scent.
“Tony?”
"I had to be here."
"You are a maniac," said Tony.
Tony left, grabbing the ring from its hiding place. He wasn't going to wait any longer to have Steve as his husband. The shower was still running when he came back.
Tony slowly pulled out of beautiful being underneath him. The taste of Steve’s blood lingered in his mouth. He licked his lips savoring the flavor. When he recovered slightly from bliss he pulled up his pants. His attention turned to Steve who was still working through the aftershocks of his orgasm. He ran his fingers through Steve’s damp hair. Those hazy blue eyes focused on him seeking forgiveness.
“You better leave Stark before he comes to his senses,” said Fury. He smirked when the billionaire rushed out of the room.
“Aunt Nat!” Piper squealed when the red-haired spy arrived and handed Piper a small package. “Thank you!” Nat picked her up and Piper purred, nosing against her neck.
“Only a realization,” said Steve.
“How-
“I’m from New York City. The city that never sleeps.”
“Oh, I’ve heard. A mindless beast makes play he’s still a man. How desperate are you call such lost creatures to defend you?” said Loki.
“Thank you.”
“It starts off with a sickly little penguin named, Steve and his best friend Theodore. Theodore took care of Steve all his life. But Theodore had to leave him to get go to the sea. Steve waited and waited for his friend to return but he didn’t. And to did his best to become strong.”
Tony took the chance to escape. He needed to get her out of there.
“Kids! Lunch,” called Steve.
“You asked Daddy what happens when I have a bad day.”
“It's salty and sweet,” he said.
“One of us always has to be there for her,” said Steve.
“We have to tell them,” said Hill.
The woman sat her up against the pillows in her crib. Piper bit her lips forcing back a cry at the unwanted motion. The beta pressed a spoon of oatmeal against her lips.
“What?”
Tony caressed his cheek. He leaned into the gentle callus touch of the inventor’s hand. Steve yawned. He leaned forward, placing a soft kiss on the alpha’s forehead. Steve moved from Tony's lap, settling by the alpha's side, using his chest as a pillow. Tony's touch cooled the simmering heat under his skin. Purring as those fingers went through his hair.
“You didn’t hurt me, Tony. You held me the entire time-
"So, it's job being it with me! Mates are supposed to be there for each other," said Steve in an angry rush. Almost as if he’d been waiting for Tony, for anyone, to tell him he’d failed.
Lena sat in her office, swaying from side to side in her chair. She was scheduled for leave. Four weeks at home with her family. It was a bother. There was no denying that she missed them, but she hated leaving her job when she was making such progress. She had one or two days before she had to leave. Before then, she had to make a report. Lena needed to give Pierce something to sink his teeth into. Only enough to keep him sated. She wanted to keep some of the information to herself, for insurance. Lena picked up her phone, dialing Pierce. He answered instantly.
"Good luck," said Steve.
“Steve wanted me to inform you that he’s watching the Wizard of Oz with Thor in the media room. You are free to join him,” said Jarvis.
“Ah, kinda been wondering the same thing about you,” said Tony.
“Get her cleaned up!” He threw the girl at the beta.
“Thank you, Papa.”
“Alpha?”
Maya was gasping on the floor.
“What?” asked Tony.
“You made the sound go away.”
“Ten bucks says you’re wrong.”
“Even then, I was more than you’ll ever be. You’re only an alpha born with a silver spoon your mouth, leeching off your father’s name. You aren’t even a fraction of the alpha he was. You’re just a spoiled brat unused to not getting what you want!” screamed Steve.
Once she finished her meal, Sir entered. He kneeled beside her, yanking her up by her hair. She hissed. A thick collar was strapped to her neck. Its weight forced her to bow her head. The others she'd worn weighed nothing were easy to forget out. This one was meant to remind her of her place.
“Can we trust them?” asked Rune.
The elevator stopped. He pulled off Tony’s shirt, taking a moment to admire. The smell of Tony’s arousal and the natural alpha scent was intoxicating. It engulfed their small confines. Their lips locked in a messy kiss. They slid to the floor. Tony stared at him. Steve squirmed under the intense attention. Tony snarled, causing him to shiver. Steve shed his clothes. He lay naked on a layer of clothes. Steve spread his legs and bared neck to the alpha. Tony removed his clothes slowly. The alpha was teasing him!
“All right yay. Hurray good job, guys. Let’s just not come in tomorrow. Let’s take a day,” he said.
Tony sat at the edge of the nest, waiting for permission to enter. He didn't risk angering the beauty by forcing his way through. Whimpering forced him to drop his guard. The omega was pouting. It was irresistible. He moved the suit out of Steve’s direct line of sight, earning him access to the nest. They wouldn't be leaving its sanctuary anytime soon. Steve licked and kissed at his chin, a submissive gesture. The omega rolled onto his back, baring his neck.
“I’m not going anywhere." The omega's hold on his hand only lessened slightly. “Ho Yinsen, a doctor kidnapped to take care of me. When I woke up as one of his Frankenstein projects. I was hooked up to a car battery. I don’t know how I didn’t die from infection, given the conditions. They wanted me to build weapons. I refused, and they tortured me."
*****
“I apologize for growling. That isn’t me, but I prefer you not to judge me by my appearance,” said Steve.
“You’ve got to get on better terms with him,” said Rhodes.
“Huh?”
Steve pushed Piper into his arms. This wasn't like Steve. Steve darted from the penthouse in his gym clothes. Piper cried looking uncomfortable. Tony put her over his shoulder, burping her, groaning when spit-up soaked his shoulder. She relaxed against him. The pup was clearly upset. He purred, calming her.
Jeff picked up the little girl. She was coated in blood from head to toe. They muzzled and restrained both assets.
“You aren’t some of trick Tony is playing on me,” he said.
“This isn’t home,” said Piper. But it had two of the people she wanted to make a new one with. She didn’t know how yet but she would somehow.
“You make it sound as if having sex with you is a hassle,” he said.
“Love you too, pumpkin.”
The kids cautiously approached the table. Steve took a bite of the sandwich to prove it was safe. They ate quietly under supervision.
The tub filled. Tony helped him into the bath.
“You have an odd sense of fun,” said Rune.
“You dressed her fittingly.”
Jeri took the couch opposite him.
“Okay, but only if you come with me,” Piper negotiated.
“Yes”,
“Hey, Cap,” he said.
“You’re so good with them,” said Tony.
“Rescue mission from a prison in Russia with the STRIKE unit,” he said.
“Clinton Francis Barton.”
“Impressive isn’t,” said Tony.
"May I ask what he said?"
“Sorry sweetheart. I’ll let you get some sleep."
“That was bullshit,” groaned Clint.
“A few months ago you suffered from heart erythema, caused by a strained bond, correct," she said.
“What does he want?” Rune asked.
"I didn't know most of their names," said Tony.
“Right away.”
Steve clutched tightly to the alpha through the air, only letting go when they were safely on the ground again.
Her tiny fingers traced over his arc reactor, fascinated by the soft blue light.
“How did you walk like that?”
“Rumlow, to what do I owe this visit?”
“Spread your legs for me,” she said.
He took a breath trying to stop his voice from shaking. Tears blurred his vision.
He finished off the rest of the sandwich before they left for town.
“I want to get out of here,” she said. Once she left, she wasn’t sure where she’d go. Where she wanted to be most, right now, was sitting in the comfy chair in her bedroom tucked against her Papa's side. She shook her head trying to forget about them. "And you're coming with me."
His vision was blurred. The smell of blood touched his senses.
“Steve, what is it?”
Tony took his hand, leading him to the lab. It had been a couple of years since they really spent time here together. When Piper was a baby, it was easiest to get her to fall asleep in the nesting couch there, while Tony was working. His nesting couch was still tucked into the corner of the lab.
“She just a pup.”
“You will, or you’ll not be allowed to stay here for the duration of her session.”
Tony entwined their fingers, pulling him away from the others. He wanted his mate to himself. Tony led them back to their temporary room. They settled in the clean bunk. As soon as they were out of the view of the others Tony relaxed confidence faded. He sensed the fear and anxiety building within his mate. The adrenaline of their mating and the battle was gone. Fear was there.
"Did you need something, sweetie?" Steve asked.
After he hung up he found it impossible to get comfortable again. The fact that he was alone made him uneasy. Maternal instinct survival instinct demanded it. Despite the fact, he was more than capable of protecting himself. Steve went to the shower. Thankfully, the hot water still worked. He took his time. Steve towel-dried and changed into a fresh set of clothes. He waited in the kitchen for Tony to come back. Rushing to the door when he heard him.
"No, I'm fine on my own, but if I need you, I'll tell Jarvis." Before she could leave, Papa kissed her on the forehead.
A tear slipped out. He couldn't cry! It happened decades ago. Why did it still posses such a hold on his life? Tony gently wiped them away.
*****
“It’s alright. I’m just reading. Go back to sleep,” she said.
Tony hated seeing the worry in Steve's expression. Maybe he could offer some distraction.
“Steve.”
“Of who.”
“Have you ever tried shawarma?” asked Tony.
“Steve!”
“You couldn’t be identified,” said Fury.
“Of course, sir. But I must warn you, it’s a slow process,” Lena replied.
“It isn’t important.”
“We’re sorry about this,” said the parents.
He sat up, grunting in pain. His face was bruised and his nose was clearly broken. It was his eyes that got her. She'd only seen that shade of stormy blue color once. Locked around his neck was a collar. Could what hurt him also be responsible for her injuries?
“Is this Oz powerful could he help us in our upcoming battle?” asked Thor.
“I had nothing to with the creation of those weapons,” said Edith.
“I’ll tell you on the way. Can you fly one of those jets?” asked Steve.
"Nothing will happen, Tony. But I will you don't have to ask. You're just talking about the surgery." Tony nodded. “I promise.”
"No."
“Jarvis, run a security check.”
“Who are you?”
Steve returned to his room, going to the master bathroom. Taking athletic tape from a drawer and wrapping his broken fingers. The little alpha didn’t know his own strength. He would have to be taught how to control. So, would Piper.
“Will you let me?” His fingers delicately working the tangles from Steve's hair.
“You got those during your assignment?”
“Why?”
“Steve?”
*****
Every fiber in an alpha was wired against submission. Piper ran in front of him, arms outstretched. He couldn’t fight for himself.
“Just a little more, sweetheart.' Their fingertips just barely touched. A gleaming orange hand burst through the floor, ripping out the heart of his armor. Tony fell back. Killian emerged.
"I've been busy."
If the moment weren't so bitter she would have smiled. To finally gain a small semblance of Stark's trust to have already betrayed it.
Steve went to his nest. He rearranged a few of the pillows when he was satisfied he settled. Whining, when his alpha didn’t join. He patted the empty side of the bed.
“I need your help with an assignment,” she said.
“Door is locked.”
Arm was toying with it. The robot must have packed it for him. He brought it to his nose. It carried Tony’s scent. Steve purred, rubbing it against his face, pulling away when he realized what he was doing he tossed it away. No, he could not give in to that side himself. Steve stared at the crumpled piece of red fabric on the floor. He picked it up folded, placing it at the foot of the bed.
“If you win two more times and we’ll be tied,” said Lena.
"And how would you’ve respond if I wasn't there."
“Don’t care, butt head!”
He poked her forehead.
After another kiss, Lena relaxed.
Tony woke late the next morning. In the hazy moments between sleep and awake, his arm stretched, searching for that sweet-smelling being that graced his bed more than a week ago. He groaned. This had become an unwanted habit. His subconscious alpha state refused to let him drop the habit. He rubbed the sleep from his eyes. Last night was an all-nighter, working out the kinks on his latest iron man suit. Tony yawned, he grabbed his robe and slid it over his tired shoulders. He wasn’t surprised to see Rhodes sitting in his kitchen.
“The ails of aging nothing for you to concern yourself with. I wish he could have spent more time here,” she said. Her sharp tone didn’t allow him to question.
Tony looked up making sure the omega was serious. His heat hadn’t finished that long ago. Steve should be here at home resting. "I'm your fanboy will make an exception for you."
Jarvis played the footage. It was only a few seconds long, but it gave him an idea of what Tony saw. The darkness of space was haunting. He couldn't imagine what it would be like to experience it in person.
"Hey."
“I’ll be visiting before he’s erased.”
She ignored her.
“What are you going to do?” asked Matt.
“She’s three. She won’t be able to drive it for thirteen years,” he said.
“The study across the hall,” said Peggy.
“I’ll be fine.”
“Tony, I’m still upset with you-
“You may prove a good influence on him,” said Pepper. Her anger faded. Steve was just as kind and considerate as books and articles about him said. He truly meant what he said, which made him pairing with Tony all the odder.
“Before we go to Malibu, I think we should visit Peggy,” he said.
“You were protecting your daughter.”
“It’s only a precaution,” said Bruce.
“You are beautiful,” said Tony. Steve blushed, hiding his face. Tony was almost tempted to ask him now. There was little chance of Steve refusing such a request in this state, but he couldn’t.
“No, it wasn’t. I should never have said that.”
“From Steve’s reaction I assume it as well as it could,” said Nat.
A little while later Bruce came up. The beta went to the coffee pot.
“Yes, sir.”
“Do you got to go, Daddy?” asked Piper.
“Jarvis can you keep track of my contraction."
“I know you will,” said Tony.
Steve snarled. “I know guys with none of that and worth ten of you. I’ve seen the footage. The only thing that you really fight for is yourself. You’re not the guy to make the sacrifice play. To lay down on the wire and let the other guy crawl over you,” he said.
Steve growled. Matt didn’t understand what he was sensing. He heard the movement of metal and something resembled the sound of a jet on a much softer level. The smell of multiple metals touched his nose. But what he sensed from Steve revealed a great deal more. His heart rate sped up, he grew warmer, and Matt could smell the fresh tears. Despite the pain emotional this flying man caused Steve he was still very much in love.
“Do you need to be on it?”
“I can’t help thinking what mother told me,” he said.
At six the morning Steve got up. He went to the kitchen making a fresh mug of coffee for Matt.
“Oops."
His vision grew blurry again, and soon she disappeared from his sight completely.
“You can work on it later,” said Tony.
“Yes, but your memories of her aren’t.”
“Poor Theodore.”
“And when you have a pup with him, make sure to bring the little cutie to visit,” she said.
"I remember the night, not the morning. Is this what you've been chasing around?"
"Should we warm her up?"
"I'm surprised you know what hacking is,
Tony looked up from his work. Steve was hidden in his nest. It was helpful having the nesting couch in his lab. He slept better there. It was saturated with the smell of a happy pregnant omega. He went to the small drawer of food he kept and put Steve's favorite snack in the nest so it would have it when he woke up.
"Oh, okay," she said.
"You said we're doing something new today. So what is it?!" she asked excitedly. No matter how many times she had asked yesterday, he’d refused to tell, saying she'd find out tomorrow.
"What did your number one fan want?"
"I deserved that," said Tony.
“Let’s see how long your will lasts, Piper.”
"Thanks, Jarvis."
They finished their breakfast.
She concentrated on her breathing instead of the cool edge pressed against her neck. Her shaking gradually lessened. Piper dug her toes into the mat, making herself stay put. Winter was doing this for her own good, she believed. It took ten minutes for the urge to run to die down. He lowered the knife.
"You okay?" asked Tony.
He ripped off her straight jacket. Piper stayed light on her feet, ready to run.
“You can touch them if you want,” said George.
“I would have loved to see that,” said Steve. He on the bike. Tony handed him a red full-face helmet. “Anything I should know about it?"
"I had other things planned."
"I know." It would be impossible for him not to. He could feel it simmering underneath his skin.
Relief swept through him. He hadn't sired a child. That didn't explain his urge to protect her, though.
“Instinct,” said Steve.
. His heart calmed. Alpha kissed him. He whined when the gentle touch was broken. Steve pulled the alpha into bed. He snuggled close, hiding his face in alpha’s neck. Steve tightly clutched his shirt.
“And to why she hasn’t used her abilities to her full extent I believe she doesn’t want to hurt the two of you,” said Bruce. He redressed the pup, before picking her up. She nuzzled against his chest. Bruce handed her the toy. She made a happy noise. "She's quite a social baby. I suggest you keep her mind engaged when you can."
Thor dropped his hammer, grabbing his brother, hauling him up to meet his gaze. How could Loki be so blind to how he was missed? Was there anything left of the brother he once knew.
“Your turn,” she said.
"Fuck!" growled Tony slamming his hands against the steering will.
"Sure."
“Where, Tony?”
Steve took off the alpha’s helmet, wiping the blood from his chin.
Pepper cringed. It would likely be a painful experience.
“She’s a child, Kevin.”
Winter let go of her and the fight began. The harshness of their battle made it impossible for her to be distracted by Sir.
Piper screamed into her pillow, kicking and hitting the mattress. She was stuck here! With little or nothing to do. It wouldn’t be long until all the thoughts she tried to push from head came back. There was little to distract from them now.
“Don’t get your hopes up”, said Natasha.
He paused when there was slight cramping in his abdomen. This level of discomfort he'd grown used in this term of his pregnancy. General discomfort was normal for anyone this far along.
“I can’t," he said shakily.
“How many were injured?” asked Steve.
“What?”
Men came toward them. They were dressed in black armor. One stopped in front of his perch at the lever, ready with a grenade. He vaulted across space, swatting it away. He disarmed the two, throwing one off the ledge. More were coming. He fired back, protecting his position. The ship started tilting. He clutched the railing. Another engine was down.
“I can break into any camera and monitoring system in the world. She can’t hide.”
Steve’s grip on him tightened.
“Why did I faint?” asked Steve.
“Comparing me and Rhodes to the legendary friendship of Bucky Barnes and Captain America. I’m honored. We are at each other’s throats half the time,” said Tony. Most of the time it was entirely his fault.
“Yeah, it’s my old botanist pal. I used to know barely,” said Tony.
"I needed time to process. Figure out if I wanted this?"
Tony pulled him close. The alpha spooned him.
“It’s the closest thing you’ll ever come to. Adjust and things will be easier.”
"It's five days. Can you do that?"
“Sir, the package you order is here,” said Jarvis.
“To check on my husband.”
“That makes me worried, Tony.”
“He was a good patient man. You would have liked him. Henry didn’t stop me from pursuing the career. He supported me every step of the way,” she said. She loving stroked the image of her husband. Henry was a great man. He lessened the pain of her loss and swept her off her feet. She thought that was impossible after losing Steve.
Tony tried to ignore the creaking sound of Steve twisting the metal plate.
“How are you, handsome?” he asked.
Steve blushed. The compliment also hit him as a realization. He was a figure of the past. How would he fit into the future? Where was his place?
“They would.”
“It’s still too early for me,” said Tony.
Steve hung another punching bag, becoming lost in the motion. The old gym door creaked open.
“You aren’t going anywhere,” growled Tony, pulling him closer. He hadn't meant for his to be so low.
Sir yanked her upward, and Piper covered the article with her foot.
At least one of those things was untrue. But he couldn't tell her.
*****
“You don’t have to tell me what it was about. Can you at least tell me what triggered it?” asked Tony.
"Alpha?"
“Natasha, will you come with me?” he asked.
*****
“Have you seen Winter?”
“That doesn’t make it better!”
“Steve, sweetheart, for the hundredth time, I’m fine.”
“As soon as I can,” promised Lena.
“I don’t think that’s true.”
“No, I’m pointing out the obvious. I don’t think such a method would work on you anyway,” he said. George caught her smile. He was aware Piper took great pride in her intelligence.
For a few seconds, Winter struggled with how to pick her up; before just tucking a hand underneath her and scooping her up into his arms. He placed her on the mattress, tugging the blankets over her. Instead of retreating to his corner, he sat a few feet away from where she slept, studying her. They didn't share similar facial features. Her hair was too light to match his.
He got into the car, reminding himself that he was doing this for the sake of his patient.
“Nice to meet you,” said Thor.
“Of course, you don’t. He's not a blond with a big rack. First, it was normal they were talking business, but now it's getting weird he's showing her his big brain."
, he wasn't going to try that.
“Shit, Steve I’m sorry.”
“Did she say that?”
"We'll keep travel to a minimum," said Steve.
Tony was yanked onto the couch. Steve nuzzled against his neck purring loudly. They stayed huddled together. Eventually moving to the bedroom.  Steve was out as soon as he hit the mattress. Tony couldn't sleep. He looked up pregnancy books.
“You weren’t listening,” Lena replied calmly.
“50’s and 60’s,” said Clint.
"If that what's best for her, okay," said Steve.
“Lights."
"Thank you."
“Welcome home.”
Gloria laughed. “No, you don’t. You love your work. But don’t lose track of what’s truly important,” she said with a wave of her wooden spoon.
“Face our problems together.”
“You won’t,” said Tony. He took Steve's hands in his and kissed them.
Tony’s alpha begged him to comfort. He suppressed the urge to tell Steve that this was his home, but it was far too soon. In time maybe he could convince the omega to move in with him. It would put Steve’s tolerance for him to the test. Tony wasn’t comfortable with that idea yet. Cap was a big softy. Tony normally found the trait annoying, but he loved this side of the omega who wanted him but didn’t need him. He raised Steve’s chin, kissing him. Steve purred into their kiss.
"Just a little bit longer."
“I’m all yours,” said Tony.
“Does Fury have you on a curfew?”
“If you’re set on leaving. Let me drive you,” said Natasha. He was in no state to drive.
Steve snorted, trying to hold back a laugh.
Steve remembered nothing of their journey here.
“Okay, so dancing triggers it,” said Tony.
“What, I do?”
“How does the system work?" asked Steve.
Tony woke in the master bedroom. Steve had moved him. The omega always moved him to their bedroom. He would enjoy some physical contact while he was actually awake, Tony thought grumpily. Steve had been so distant lately. Hopefully, he would snap out of it. Tony wanted to talk about it, but it was a conversation Steve didn’t seem ready to have yet. Forcing him to talk would only lead to another shutdown. Tony missed their morning routine, whereby Steve would leave a mug of fresh coffee on his bedside table for him to wake up to, and when he went to the kitchen, he'd find Steve working on breakfast. Then, later in the day, Tony would either make or order dinner. Tony rubbed his temples. Why was this affecting him so much?
Steve jolted on the examination table when Edith took out a large needle. Tony moved in front of him, snarling savagely. Edith backed away, setting down the needle.
“Papa.”
Steve laughed. Tony missed that warm sound. Steve didn’t understand how serious he was.
“Uh, mmm kinda. Meet me at the main house as fast as you can. There’s someone I like you to meet.”
Clint sat across from the other alpha, playing with his arrows. It was easy for him to imagine what hells Steve and Tony wanted to put the bastard through. He would be thinking along the same lines if anyone touched his children.
Rumlow laughed. "You're off your rocker, lady," he said.
“I think of snails, but I’m sure it's good otherwise. But I don’t want to go anywhere fancy tonight. Could we order pizza and watch something?” said Steve.
Tony took a breath and faced the kid. He really wanted a clean getaway.
“Dead?”
“There’s another kind?”
“I don’t mean to.” She made him question everything. The pup was the only person who possessed the answers to those questions.
“Let’s get back to something more on your level of understanding,” said Lena.
Rhodes came to check on him.
“He’s adopted,” said Thor.
Steve and Tony spent most of their time in the lab. It hadn't taken the alpha long to make a prototype of the arm. With most of his projects, he was allowed to work freely, but with this, he was constrained to a lower level of creativity. Even among geniuses, he was uncommon and would have to stoop to their level of thinking.
"Thanks, I know that. I'm not saying that to be cocky. It's just true."
"Nat, would you give me a ride home?" asked Steve.
Jarvis sighed. Why he built the computer with a sense of sarcasm, and the ability to sigh was beyond him. Enough people were nagging him without Jarvis's impute.
"Don't apologize, tell me why."
“I wish she would have told us,” said Tony.
“The sandwich was fair. The spring was a little rusty. The rest of the material. I’ll make do. By the way when you said your sister had a watch. I was kinda hoping for something a little bit more adult,” said Tony pulling back his sleeve to reveal the Dora Explorer watch.
He took off his winter clothes, hanging them on the chair behind him.
“That’s a relief,” said Steve.
Rhodes woke hours later finding, Tony awake sipping a drink. He checked his eyebrow, relieved to find they were still there. James was surprised to see Tony’s serene expression. It had been decades since he last saw his friend with such an expression.
*****
Steve carefully cupped the back of Tony’s head and shoulder, gently pulling Tony’s nose into his neck. It took everything in Steve to force himself to purr, but he managed it. Slowly the alpha began to relax. Steve slowly pulled away, searching for any signs of need from his mate, then he touched their foreheads together. He was so sorry. Before letting go, he placed a light kiss on Tony’s lips.
Steve turned red. Tony was creative, especially in this area. He was curious to see what Tony had in mind.
“St. Louis Cardinals,” said Phil.
“I hope not.”
“You don’t think me and Papa missed you. We’ve missed you more than you could possibly understand. The stress of looking for you has caused us to go gray. “
"I doubt I'll have to get it. The tearing was minor. I only have to take it easy for a few weeks," said Tony.
“Tony, I’m so sorry.”
“Where we taking him?” asked Rumlow.
"Yeah, you were very particular. Took me ten tries to get it right," he said.
“We’ll be waiting outside,” said Natasha.
“You’re bleeding.”
“I’m only reminding you that Piper has an appointment with Dr. Banner today in an hour,” said Jarvis.
"I'm not asking you to give up on your friends. Happy is family. But I think he'd agree with me on this," he said. Steve got up, drained both physically and mentally. And he was done. He went to their room, shutting the door behind him.
Steve looked at two robots. Arm was a crane-like stature with a delicate claw at the end. It was painted bright red with flames. Hammer reminded him of an extremely high tech laundry basket. In its basket were their clothes. It four legs and had a long neck. The machine was painted for soft eggshell color. Its color struck Steve as an odd choice for Tony. Arm took Steve’s cell phone out from the pile of laundry and handed it to him.
“Steve!” Natasha rushed to his side. She pulling a poison-filled dart from his upper thigh. Clear liquid dripped from the needle. Steve easily got to his legs again. “How are you feeling?”
"Fine, but take Happy with you and you wear the bracelet," said Tony.
"It's a secret entrance. Your grandfather was a fan," said Jarvis.
“Sir.”
“Are you sure baby girl?” asked Tony.
Steve blushed. Heat wasn’t an easy topic. In his time, it was rarely spoken of outside of private conversation. He sat on the edge of bed. His gaze focused on his hands.
“What are they?” asked Steve.
It sounded perfect to Steve, but he couldn’t.
“Must feel good after being in the ice so long."
“Sorry, Piper.”
Tony smirked, offering Bruce bag of blueberries. It angered Steve’s omega, the fact his alpha wasn’t offering him food.
“Not yet. Want to hold her?”
“I’m sorry but I had to report it,” she said.
“What's this?” asked Steve.
"I have something for you that may be more in your field of interest," he said.
“It was the kid,” said Winter. He’d been turning over the question in his mind this whole time. The sudden tension in Piper’s expression was enough to tell him he was right.
*****
The week passed smoothly, well as smoothly as it could with a newborn.
“Get some sleep, sweetheart. I’ll wake you up when we get home.”
"Answer her now!" yelled Steve.
“I had a nightmare,” she whimpered.
"You don't have to keep telling me. I know that."
They talked for an hour before he left. For thirty minutes, he was left alone in the room. Was the next alpha coming?  He frowned. The door opened. He scowled when he saw Phil.
“How you can fly a high tech aircraft, yet can’t use a smartphone,” she said.
June 6, 2016
"I don't know what I'd do without you."
Loki sent charge in her direction. Steve tossed his shield, hitting Loki's chest, catching it before charging forward. Loki’s staff slammed against his shield. It hit him in the chest sending him tumbling into a wall. He tossed his shield and ran forward. His fist made impact twice but had little effect. Again he was tossed aside. The point of Loki’s spear was pressed against the base of his neck.
She jumped down from her seat, nearly running out of the room. Her chest was tight. No matter how hard she tried, she couldn't breathe! Tears burned her eyes as they traveled down her cheeks. Her throat was tight. A high pitch cry left her.
“Then what’s wrong with me,”
“Hey, Ringo didn’t you say something about a lovely speed boat,” said Tony.
“I don’t think I can,” he said.
“No."
“I will be,” said Tony.
Steve nodded. He said goodbye to the pups. They got into the car.
Steve got to his feet. They went into the locker room to change.
“Why was he here?”
Winter took the tray, pausing when he saw the pup hungrily staring at it. He ate half before sliding it to her. The pup poked at the food before hesitantly taking a bite. Watching her disgusted expression, an unfamiliar gesture pulled at his face. He had long since stopped tasting his food and tried eating it as quickly as possible. The expression faded before the pup noticed. She was staring at his arm, again, in that unsettling way. Scientists had poked and prodded at him his entire known life, but he’d never been bashful about their fascination. Winter growled softly.
“That doesn’t make any sense,” she said.
Edith and Tony glared at each other.
“Showing me them won’t change my feelings toward you.”
"So if it wasn't a fight, what was it?”
“I don’t like this, Pipes,” he said.
“Ten minutes,” said Jarvis.
He looked down. It was against protocol for him to bring things from the outside world to the base.
“How does it feel in your hand?”
The phone almost slipped from his hand. His heart ached with hope. He bit the inside of his cheek, trying not to give in to the desire to trust that this was real.
"I need to know where your skills are."
“Salvation, what his name?”
Piper nodded, smiling when Rune held her hand.
“I’m not a baby I can eat for myself.”
*****
“That’s not what I meant.”
"Are you sure?" he asked.
He collapsed onto the couch beside his armor. He caught his breath. Why didn't he listen? He could be home now. Instead of freezing his ass off in Rosehill Tenessee. He switched on the desk lamp. From the toolbox, he took a pair of needlenosed pliers and started removing the shrapnel from his arm.
Fury left her.
“Can we eat it down here?” asked Piper.
“I don’t want you seeing me like that,” he said.
“Happy Hogan,” he said, offering the omega his hand.
It didn't take long to find Peter's aunt. She hugged Peter close.
"It's fine," he said.
“Another landscape?” asked Tony.
"Redirect the plane to the nearest S.H.I.E.L.D. facility," said Tony.
“Piper?”
Something unexpected had been revealed during the battle. Piper had a high tolerance against electricity in her fully activated state. Likely due to the Extremis present in her DNA. Extremis used bioelectricity to strengthen its subject. Theoretically, it could be possible for Piper to strengthen further during activation if exposed to a vast amount of electricity. Or it could kill her.
Lena left the cell, the room sealing close behind her.
"Yes, we've gotten all we needed from here," said Tony. They packed up their things and locked up the house. He got into the car. "Have everything?"
“Steve, let me take care of injuries,” she said.
“There it is,” said Sir, grabbing his face. "That glint of fear. I think some time away from each other will do both of you a world of good."
Tony stared into the scanner.
Piper jotted down her answer. She grabbed the packet and went into the living room where Papa was looking at something on his tablet. She climbed onto the couch, peaking over his shoulder, catching the glimpse of the title
“A son maybe. Why is this important, Isabelle?”
“Mmm, where are you going?”
“Of course, Sir."
“But the baby.”
“Coffee first,” said Stark raising his hand. After a jolt of caffeine, he felt up to listening to Jarvis.
"What? Why? The Stark New Year's Eve Party used to be one of the biggest events in New York."
“It’s custom. Most alphas don’t take the time to craft them anymore. Normally, they just buy them. He didn’t even make Pepper one. He bought her some tacky ruby necklace,” said Natasha.
"We have things to do, pup."
Steve was wheeled into their bedroom. The nurse expertly transferred Steve into bed. Tony carefully got up not wanting to disturb Piper.
It was chilling how much she sounded like Steve at the moment. Tony took a breath. The wound had already closed. She yawned.
Tony sat up, wanting a closer view. His arms wrapped around Steve, keeping the brutal pace he’d set. He met Steve’s motions with powerful thrusts. Tony connected their lips, pushing his tongue passed the omega’s lips into his sweet, warm mouth. His hand wrapped around Steve, stroking him firmly.
“Are you one of ours?” asked Jeri.
“636,410,” said Tony.
That didn’t make any sense. She found the library. "I don't see it, Jarvis. There has to be something wrong with your programming."
The alpha took a present from the drawer and handed it to him. "What's this?"
"You grossly overestimate my sway here. You forget this entire organization is your namesake. You can get me fired. I'm sure S.H.I.E.L.D. would go as far as getting my license revoked if I truly upset you."
“Name it,” he said.
“What level?”
“What kind of precautions?”
They fell into easy conversation. It allowed him to relax. He couldn’t believe some of the stories Rhodes told him. Steve started making breakfast.
"She's safe." Even though he didn't know who it was about, it brought him great comfort, but also sadness. Something wet traveled down his cheek. He was sure it was blood until he touched it. It was water. A tear.
“Something along those lines,” he said.
“Okay,” said Steve. Tony strapped a brown leather watch to his wrist.
“My husband just came in.”
“No, I didn’t want to impose."
Steve's voice broke completely unable to continue.
“Then you should be out celebrating. Seeing more of the world. I'm sure Stark would be happy to take you,” said Fury, stalking closer.
He took out the case Hill had given him. Steve smiled looking over the items to make sure everything was there. He took the pillowcase from it. It carried the smells of home. He rubbed it against his cheek and purred. Steve settled, allowing Tony to wrap the blankets around them. It was dark when he woke up.
"It was Howards. Now it's mine. Everything is fully updated," said Tony.
“Stark, this Dr. Drew Blackwell,” said Fury.
“Military wedding, no patriotic patterns. I don’t need a church, but I want a Catholic ceremony," said Steve.
Tony scrambled to find his phone. “Where is it?!”
“What next?” asked Rune.
“Attack,” said Lena.
At one in the morning, Natasha's jet landed. Hill and Clint were waiting on the airstrip. They all loaded into a car and headed to Avenger Tower.
Tony watch them drive away. He itched to pull up the conversation between Natasha and Steve. Steve would never know.
“Hmm.”
“Papa,”
The second voice was unknown to her.
Piper covered her ears, trying to block out what he had to say, unsure of what to believe. Lena had sounded so certain in what she said. It could be all lies, but Piper couldn’t shake the impression the beta left with her.
Steve ran to the garage, jumping on the nearest bike. Disregarding all stoplights and barely dodging some cars, he sped to the hospital. Steve raced into the emergency room, going to the front desk.
“Captain Rogers.”
The elevator opened. He'd forgotten to take his prenatal vitamins. Steve groaned. All he wanted was to eat and sleep for next week. He didn't want to go down to the garage and get them. Well, why not ask a small favor of his loving mate. He settled on the couch. It took a while to get comfortable. Tony made himself a drink.
“How’s your admirer?” she asked.
“How is he?” asked Edith.
He crawled under the deck, sinking into the mud. It was claustrophobic. Steve took a steadying breath. The tightness and condition of the space reminded him of crawling through muddy tunnels to enemy camps. Trudging under the barbed wire and over corpses. He forced the memories back, focusing on his pup. His terrified little pup. The closer he got the more she struggled. The wooden boards above her head started shaking from waves of power emitting from her.
“I can’t, sir,” she said.
Steve looked in the direction where Winter had disappeared, before hesitantly getting into the car.
Someone showed him to the office, he didn’t know who. At this point, Steve was just following strangers, he was in such a fog. He’d caused this.
“He's married to one.”
“Sleep, I’ll wake you up when I’m done with the shower,” said Tony.
“I should have never let you pick out some of her clothes,” said Steve.
Winter was relaxed until that command was given. From her lab jacket, Lena pulled a collar. It was thinner than the one he wore. There was a small click as it locked in place.
Tony nodded.
"Even if Piper were the average toddler she would be able to pick on such things, especially in a parent. Her being a prodigy makes her more adept at reading even subtle of emotions. Keeping this a secret will only make her more curious to what you're hiding." Barny spoke gently.
“Fuck." Tony was grateful for Steve's feral state. He wouldn’t know how to explain this. “Jarvis, call Fury."
He wouldn't. Tony provided a level of stability he found nowhere else. The idea of bringing their child into the world without was horrifying.
Normally Play Mart was saved for his birthday or some other special day. It was a giant indoor playground unlike anything else. There was a whole section of the building dedicated to trampolines.
“That’s what I was doing.”
Tony nodded. He took Steve's hand, leading him to the bedroom. He brought Steve into a kiss, slowly deepening it. There was a thump as Steve's back hit the door.
“How is Howard?” he asked.
Steve smiled.
"Hey, Bert."
"What took you so long?" asked Steve, rubbing the sleep from his eyes.
Tony sighed. He shouldn't be interested in the bombings, but he wanted to claw into it and solve the problem. A new challenge to distract from the constant stress and fear over losing his family. Without distraction, all the anxiety and stress he was feeling might be unleashed on Steve. He didn’t want to burden his mate with that, not after all Steve had been through. Keeping it redirected was the only way he could manage it.
“To get that result.”
Steve tore off Tony’s mask, throwing it aside. He forced the alpha to keep his gaze.
In a matter of hours, he would be a father. Panic bubbled in his chest. He forced it down.
“Did I say you could stop your drill?! Get your lazy asses running!” yelled the coach.
“Caught me up on the Howling Commandos what they did after the war. Her life family and a few stories about you. Your baby pictures were extremely cute-
"I don't know. It could go either way with Piper. If she acts out, Rune will follow her lead. Collecting a DNA sample should be simple enough,” said Tony. It would easy enough to grab some of Piper's hair from her brush. "I'll get her brush."
The perfect breathy sound Steve was making him lose his senses.
“Make it a bath."
“Steve?”
“Thank you. Come in you’ll catch a chill out here,” said Peggy. She grabbed his hand leading him into the living room.
And now the beauty of the moment was ruined.
“Nothing?”
Winter left.
“Yeah, like bananas, apples, and stuff,” said Piper.
“I don’t wanna talk about it.”
"Matt, I won't tell you to stop. That would be a waste of time. But I am going to give you some advice. It’s up to you whether you take it. Know when it’s time to hang it up or you’ll put all that you have in even more risk than it is already. You have an advantage of no one knowing who you are."
“Got back from a mission. Did I wake you?” he asked.
“One to two days,” said Jarvis.
“Took community art classes whenever I could afford to, but I couldn’t afford college. Since I was ill so frequently, it took me longer to graduate from highs school, so I was held back,” said Steve.
“For you yes for any other omega no,” she said.
“You’re serious.”
"That's its current stage of development. In nine weeks it will be a fetus," said Tony.
"Superhero business."
"You mean your Playboy stash?"
“The highest mountain range in France,” said Natasha.
“Don’t talk about like I’m not here,” huffed Piper.
“Why?”
The elevator doors opened. He went to the guest bedroom. Captain Rogers was huddled in a nest of pillows with an arm wrapped tightly around Tony’s waist. He was purring softly.
There was a burst of fire behind that used to be Loki’s chariot. He went toppling down to the tower. Natasha jumped from her ride landing on the gravel roof below. Hulk joined her, sending both himself and Loki into the penthouse. She went to the machine.
“You aren’t upset?” Piper was surprised.
"RUNE!"
"He's one of the few who finds my scent appealing. And the only alpha I responded to. Since my heat has been repressed for so long, it would be unhealthy for me to endure it alone."
“Thanks,” he said. Steve checked his phone. When he flipped it open, there were two missed calls from Natasha and three from Edith.
“I’m sure you’ll be able to come up with something,” he said.
“You are to eliminate all of them. Be quick and efficient. And try not to cause a panic. When you're done, meet me at the flight deck,” he said. His men nodded.
*****
“Dada!”
Steve looked away. He wasn't deserving of that level of adoration. "I'm sure you would have gotten there without me."
“Once this is over, we can leave. I’ll be waiting outside,” said Phil.
"You want to know what I think of you, Piper." That piqued her curiosity.
Steve moaned when Tony’s knot tugged at his sensitive rim. He voiced his pleasure, wanting Alpha to know just how good he was feeling. And every omega knew who the alpha belonged to. His vision whited out as Alpha’s knot locked them together. Steve’s limbs lost their strength. He went to the floor. Letting the alpha's comforting weight fall onto him. Tony nuzzled his neck. He shivered when Tony's teeth grazed his skin.
Tony smiled when he saw Steve.
He kissed her on the forehead. “Love you, pumpkin.”
“Interactive toys and speaking to her in different languages. Just try and keep her engaged," said Bruce.
“Meatloaf,” said Piper.
“I’ll be leaving for about a month. Then I’ll be back,” said Lena.
She rubbed her eyes. It was seven; it would be a bit of a challenge, getting her back to sleep, but he was willing to take it on.
"I'll be back soon," said Tony.
"You put it on backward. It's a common mistake for first-time parents."
“He’s done this for years. Never growing emotional,” said Natasha.
The alpha nodded, going still as she approached. Piper examined the muzzle, brushing his hair away to get a better look, seeing his eyes clearly for the first time. Tension spread through him at the simple touch, as if he were expecting her to attack. His pupils were dilated, but a slim line of their pale steel held blue coloration. He quickly broke their gaze.
Peggy frowned. The alpha’s expression darkened for a moment.
She glared at him but left.
“No, it’s awesome. I like eating food, but I can’t say I have much interest in making it. It’s okay if we like different things. We still have a good time. And I will always be happy to try out whatever you make,” said Piper.
"I can't get it out of my head."
It took so long for him to break, he didn’t want to risk being trapped there again.
“Doesn’t matter,” he said.
Steve nuzzled against his throat.
Tony traced his hand along the shadowed marks on the wall.
“It truly an honor to meet you, Captain Rogers,” she said.
“What do we do to prevent something like this from happening again?” asked Steve.
“Yes, mam.”
“What?”
His eyes grew heavy. He didn't want to close them. Every time he fell asleep beside his mate, he'd wake up alone.
“Don’t spend the entire night painting,” he said.
She looked at him. This was a surprise.
"Are you okay?" Piper asked.
"This is new to me as well," whispered Tony.
“Soldier?” asked Steve. Female betas or omegas were unheard of in the military in combative roles of the military.
What’s up, sweetheart?”
“You’re footstep going down the steps were too soft,” said Matt.
Steve forgot all about the test. He nervously twitched.
"No, Tony I do. I was young. Howard was the first alpha to ever take interest me in a positive way. I’d never experienced that before, I couldn’t help having a crush,” he said. Tony was focused forward, but he seemed to be listening. “Please, look at me.”
"Excuse me, sir."
“S.H.I.E.L.D. scientists have been working on them since your first heat,” said Natasha.
As their session went on, he kept glancing at the clock.
Steve snatch his shield from the alpha before storming back to the house. "Jarvis, do not allow him inside."
Piper walked over to him, reaching out her hands toward him. Steve quickly took up the offer holding her close.
"Alright, Steve." It was asking a lot, but it needed to be done. He couldn't make the decision without Steve's permission. Steve pressed close to him, lost in his thoughts. Piper stirred on chest whining. “Steve.”
“No, I’m just not tired anymore.”
“Steve?"
“It’s different,” he said.
Piper was relatively cool toward them for the rest of the day. The only person she seemed warm to was Rune. It was better than no one. She went to bed with little complaint, not even requesting a story.
"Do you wish me to get, Sir?" asked Jarvis.
Steve was left in the control room. He was tempted to follow after Banner, but he was afraid to hinder his progress. Watching the agents work proved to a pattern for him to focus on. Coulson moved next to him.
"Antarctica?!"
“Together,” said Steve.
“My friend and I only want to take a peek at your genes," said Tony.
This had to be some kind of trick. Something to lure her out.
He’d been looking forward to speaking with Dr. Banner for multiple reasons. Banner was someone who could communicate with on the same academic field, so few were capable of doing that.
Steve whined and pressed into his alpha.
"If that were true, you would have given up that fucking suit!"
“Phil?” Tony asked, hating the familiarity in Steve’s voice. Mostly he hated that his proposal was ruined.
“You are safe here. We wouldn’t let anything happen to you.”
“Sounds exhausting. The rest of the material Agent Barton can get his hands on pretty easily. The only other major component he needs is a power source of high energy density. Something to kick start the cube,” said Tony.
"I've got you."  Tightening his hold when Steve shook against him. Steve seemed so small and delicate at the moment. Tony carded his fingers through Steve’s hair.
“Where you going, Pipes?”
“Freeze!”
“Morning, Tony.”
“It’s an Austin-Healey Sprite Mark I.”
Steve took a deep gasping breath, once Thor left. The scent of two powerful rival alphas fighting was making his body haywire. He groaned when slick dampened his underwear. Steve hoped that Phil design of his uniform included some kind scent blocker.
“It is, Tony!”
Tony released his hold. He was panting. Tony felt as if he'd somehow violated Steve's trust.
“He didn’t want to be saved. He sacrificed himself.”
she couldn't cry! Winter wouldn't want that. She hoped that he was in a better place. Almost anywhere was better than back with those people.
*****
“Tony?”
“Pup?” He tensed when she came near him.
“Maria and Pepper will handle it,” said Tony.
Tony darted into their bedroom grabbing a pair of gym shorts. He helped him into them. Steve growled when the nurses came near.
Three manila folders were laid out in front of her. She turned a shot glass around in her hand. A bottle of her favorite vodka sat open on the counter.
“Next time.”
“Not my kind of show.”
He laughed. Loki got comfortable and watched the show.
"How much longer do you want to stay in there?" asked Tony.
Piper started whining around noon.
“No, one told me. You’ve sweat through your scent blockers.”
“Tony, are you seeing this?” he asked.
“Sleeping, don’t wake him,” she warned.
“I wanted to see Citizen Kane. Never got a chance to watch it in theaters,” said Steve.
“No, thanks,” said Steve.
“And a BLT with extra tomatoes.”
“Alpha."
“Yes.”
“No, I can handle this." He took an extensive first aid kit from the drawer and returned the nest.
“Maya.”
Lena entered the room both assets were out cold. She injected each of them with a sedative. Jeff and Kevin came in moments later. One of them puked.
“Are you alright, Pep?” she asked.
Maria was unphased. "Hush, it's okay. She not going to hurt you, I promise," whispered Maria. The boy relaxed.
"Pipes, do you want to come with me? We can work on something in the lab," said Daddy.
Steve woke up feeling more exhausted than he’d felt before going sleep. If he were lucky, he’d get one or two hours of sleep a day. His nightmares had returned full force. On good nights, if they could even be called that, he woke up screaming in a cold sweat. At his worst, he went into flight or fight mode and it took hours for Tony to calm him down.
"Oprah Winfrey."
“Is that a problem?” she asked.
"No, Steve. This has to be done right. I would love to let you do as you want with them, but that's not an option. You want revenge and rightfully so. Let me get it for you.”
"What are we watching, Jarvis?" asked Tony.
"You wouldn't dare," she said.
“Kate, I know you’re probably more needed in the medical wing than here,” said Steve.
“Maybe you should listen,” she said.
He wasn’t sure how big of a job this would be, but he was willing to give it his all if it meant protecting the world for his family.
“A toy?”
"What do I need to see?" he asked.
“Closet,” said Jarvis.
Jeff lifted the girl’s head to strap her muzzle in place. Kevin added a small dosage of reversal to the girl’s IV. It wouldn’t be long before it took effect.
“It isn’t you.”
“How could they escape lockdown?”
He waved at them. She growled, flashing her teeth. She was stunned when he returned the gesture. It actually earned him some modicum of respect with Piper. She was sure Dr. Bloom had told him what she did. Most would be scared. His response was honest. It was how any grown-up omega would respond to a pup baring their teeth at them.
He couldn’t take that risk. They couldn’t lose such a valuable asset.
“I was taken, not that it matters anymore. They wouldn’t want me back now.”
*****
“How long was I out?” asked Steve.
"I know you want to disappear, but we could use your help," said Steve.
“I know enough about you to put together that you are one the few people who has a similar background to Piper. Having someone like that in her life will only help her.”
"I used to do this all the time with my papa."
"You could have been nicer."
“At times, your judgment isn’t the best, sir.”
“Foggy?”
Winter was relieved.
“You wanna tell me what you were dreaming about?”
“Made breakfast,” said Steve, handing the alpha an egg white omelet.
Tony smiled when he was locked in a powerful hug. Steve nuzzled against his neck. The warm greeting melted his stress. Steve's reaction was due to the freshness of their bond and pregnancy hormones coursing through him but he enjoyed it. They went to the kitchen. He took out the box of donuts he got along with some much healthier options. They enjoyed a quiet breakfast.
“I won’t deny Howard made mistakes in raising you, but he did love you.”
“PIPER!”
*****
Lena arrived home late. It was one in the morning. She pulled the spare key from under the doormat and fit it into the lock. The door squeaked open to the home they shared with Helmut's parents. It was an old cottage that had been added onto and upgraded over the years. She dropped the key into the bowl near the door.
Tony took Steve’s hand into his. “You should have woken me up.”
“What are you doing?” said Killian.
Steve pulled away, taking a seat on the counter. He cradled his head in his hands. Tony's hand ran down his back, calming him.
“And you are the child of genius.”
Espionage
“I wasn’t planning on saying anything,” she said.
Edith shut and locked the door behind them. She pulled on a pair of rubber gloves and got the supplies ready.
“We sometimes fight every couple does, but you have to remember that Steve and Tony only fight like that because they love each other so much,” said Pepper.
“They are still kids,” protested Steve.
They went to the garage and got into one of his cars. Tony was curious about what Steve talked about, but he didn’t pry into it. The drive was quite a lot seemed to be on Steve’s mind. He didn’t notice when they pulled up to the entrance.
“Piper.”
“It’s sped up drastically from S.H.I.E.L.D’s earlier predictions. I predict by late tomorrow he'll be in heat. Oh, and Happy will be arriving shortly,” said Jarvis.
“You think so?” asked Steve.
Fury could only imagine the shit show that would come with if it were to come out. Captain America begging some random alpha for a knot. There would no repair that image. Now it was officially one of his issues. Omega rights had grown immensely since Rogers’ age. There was so much the captain needed to learn. Fury already set up a team made for Steve’s adjustment to the new era.
“Lay down.”
She thought back on it but nothing stuck out. Natasha didn’t think anything of it. A boring mission comes up every now then. Being a spy wasn't constant thrills.
“That’s not kind of choice I meant!” yelled Piper.
"I forgot birth control pill came twenty years after you were frozen. It's a pill taken by both omegas and betas to protect against pregnancy," said Edith.
They went into the bathroom. The two undressed each other placing kisses as they shed their clothes. They got into the tub. The alpha chest was pressed against his back. Tony nuzzled against his neck, shivering as the alpha's teeth grazed his skin. His head fell back. Those stunning blue eyes closed, giving complete power over to the alpha. Tony thumbed his nipple, causing him to whined and press against him. The alpha’s hand traveled lower. Steve spread his legs, arching as Tony's fingers pushed into him. The slow pace was addictive in its rhythm. He didn’t fight his growing lust. Tony’s arousal pressed against his back.
“If I was a better teacher you wouldn’t have been so hurt,” said Winter.
“I won’t lie to you, Steve I want to have sex with you. Even if you weren’t in heat.”
"No, I am."
“Not interested."
“Jarvis, any time now,” he muttered.
"How is he?"
“Alan Roberts,” he said.
“We have to get them out of here as soon as possible,” said Steve.
He got into the tub with Steve. It was cramped, but the closeness relaxed them both. Tony got a washcloth and soothed away the distress. Steve's muscles relax underneath his touch. Tony helped Steve up, wrapping a towel around his waist. When they returned to the room the bed was remade and two sets of scrubs. They dressed.
“Yes, sir."
He would hang onto it as long as possible. They survived two major fights that could have put an end to their relationship. If they lasted for six months maybe he could consider getting a ring. The thought woke him up. He was considering marriage! When he reached the six-month point with Pepper she left bridal magazines scattered around the house, her way of hinting to him that it was time to pop the question. Her hinting only proved agitating and made him push off the idea. It wouldn’t hurt to put on an engagement ring on Steve’s hand though. They could always have a long engagement. He’ll get Steve’s ring size just in case.
“Why is he still here? Nurse, escort him out,” said Blackwell.
“Gary.”
“Okay, the relays are intact. What’s our next move?” asked Steve.
“We can only be public here,” said Steve.
“I’ve heard you pacing at night and the screaming. We all have our nightmares,” said Natasha.
"Jarvis actually found a match. It matched to Catalina Leon. Her death was marked natural cause. The medical examiner reported that she died of blood loss like caused by birth complications,” said Bruce.
“Wow, can I just say something?”
“Mr. Stark, Captain Rogers,” greeted Coulson.
"Where's Steve?"
He jumped from the couch in panic. His teeth bared and snarling. The kid was staring at him from the corner, tightly clutching a bag of supplies. The pup wasn't old enough to challenge such a display. His first instinct was just what he was doing fear. Tony lowered his stance. He wiped the sweat from his forehead.
“I mean it,” he said.
“It’s a Kevlar and durable fabric. Nearly impossible for the average person to rip. So it should last you through this mission,” said Natasha from the door.
Tony shrugged not caring. He constantly tested Piper’s growing intelligence. Bruce didn’t notice when he walked by. He went to his room, shedding his clothes, and got into the shower. The hot water helped wake him up. He toweled off and changed into fresh clothes before heading to the kitchen.
Lena wore a different style of clothing today. A gray wool coat, black pants, black boots, and black and white scarf. Fall clothes. Yesterday, it was summer clothing.
“Really,” said Zemo.
“Ah!" Steve exposed his neck further to the alpha demanding more. He cries out when Tony bites him hard enough to leave a mark, but not break the skin. “Tony!”
“No.”
"When have you ever cared about what I want?!" Piper screamed, then swiftly backed down after her outburst.
"No, matter how far apart we are, Rune, you'll always be one of my best friends. We are allowed to do our own things and but that won’t change us.”
Steve woke about an hour later rushing to the bathroom. He came back a few minutes. Steve looked over Tony’s shoulder.
"I’m capable of handling myself."
“Uh, it says Miami Florida.”
She caught the small smile crossing Steve’s lips. She smiled. Steve may not be the average omega in many aspects, but he was possessive like any omega was over their chosen alpha.
“Mute.”
"I'll do all I can," said Bruce.
“I only listened,” said Steve.
“What's the surprise? It's my birthday, you can tell me now."
"And we have a mission tomorrow," said Natasha.
“Do you want me to help you with that?” he asked. His voice strained.
"Careful old-timer, you may pull something." Winter punched the glass, leaving a small scratch on the glass. "Someone is cranky."
“So sure you’re my best man?” said Tony.
Steve wasn’t sure if he was ready for such a step yet. It was hard enough for him to come here alone.
“Thank you,” said Tony. That gesture meant nothing good. “I didn't know. Even if I did, I couldn't stop him. Once he makes up his mind, there's nothing I can do to change it. We needed him out there. The pup is fine," said Tony.
“I hope it isn’t too much of a surprise for him,” he said.
Beta read by AbsoulutShenanigans
"Tony?"
"Sorry, its that you're just so umm firm," she said.
“I’m Prince Charles,” he said the alpha shaking his hand.
Natasha pulled into the mansion. As soon as she opened the door, Piper caught her in a hug, knocking her over.
“Tony.”
Steve flinched when cool gel was squirted on his stomach.
Steve ate his fill. His eyes began to droop.
The chain of people grew.
“Like I said he’s fine.”
“It’s fine,” said Tony.
Tony couldn’t say no to that face. “Sure."
“Tell her what happens to when you’re having an episode.”
“Dr. Banner thank you for coming,” said Fury offering his hand.
“What does he have to do with this?” Piper asked.
"I know I am shorter in person most people say that. But if you're here to arrest me uh there are some people I'd like to role on them immediately," he said.
Alarms blared in the waiting room. Natasha and Clint shot from their seats ready for a fight.
*****
"No, me and Daddy used to do this all the time. He'd put fake code in Jarvis for me to breakthrough. It became a game. We're fine, Rune." If anyone were going to get in trouble, it would be her.
Charles Lindbergh – was born on February 4, 1902. He was an American aviator, military officer, author, inventor, and activist. At 25 in 1927, he went from obscurity as a U.S. Air Mail pilot to instantaneous world fame by winning the Ortieg Prize for making a nonstop flight from New York to Paris. Lindbergh covered 33 1/2 –hour, 3,600-statute-mile.
“Good morning, Steve,” he said, brushing the powdered sugar from his shirt.
“This isn’t the place to talk about this,” said Tony.
“That’s the fastest you’ve gotten ready,” said Rhodes.
“You were in there awhile. I was almost to tempted to go in after you,” said Tony.
"How soon can you be in New York?"
Steve was spread out on his bed. Those blue lust-hazed eyes were focused on him. He stretched out alongside Steve. Tony placed a hand on Steve’s cheek. He leaned into the touch purring. They met in a slow soft kiss. Tony cringed when Steve's clothes scratched against his skin. He pulled down Steve’s pants and gasped. Steve was wearing those tight bright red panties with Ironman mask on the hip, slick darkening the fabric.
Steve's eyes watered.
“Glad to have you back, sweetheart,” said Tony, sensing Steve’s relaxed mood,
“No.”
Steve scheduled his next appointment. Barny took his leave, wishing them a great rest of the day. Steve relieved Natasha of babysitting. He cradled Piper. The day went smoothly. He laid in bed next to Tony with Piper between them. Tony was finishing up some notes on a project. His eyes went to the arc reactor. The blue light had proven a comfort to him. But it was a burden and remaining risk. Their family had enough dangers in their life and toward their family.
*****
“What if I lose it? Kill our only lead.”
“It’s not that kind of hurt, Winter. I don't know how to explain."
“Luv you.”
Rune blushed.
“We can get started on designs now if you want,” said Tony.
“A little rusty but fine,” she said, before hanging up the phone.
Tony looked at Steve.
Rhodes lowered his gun when several lights were flying toward them. The number of lights kept growing.
Steve got breakfast ready and kissed Tony goodbye before he left for his lecture. Steve’s phone vibrated in his pocket.
“Clear everything. The assets are to be moved to the nearest secured base,” Pierce said. “The Avengers will be there in an hour. Likely less. Any trace of her has to be erased.”
"I've already called. She literally dropped everything for this the opportunity. She'll be arriving next week. She'll work at Stark Tower with Banner," said Tony.
It was cleansed of all scent except a chemical cleaner. Underneath that dense smell was blood. When he moved to cover his nose, he noticed lettering scratched into the metal of his wrist.
“I get it I’ll stay,” said Tony.
"For giving me this life,"
“My mom already left for the diner and Dad went to 7-Eleven to get scratchers. I guess he won because that was six years ago,” he said.
“I have no idea what you’re talking about."
“She asked if I was pregnant.”
“Then we’ll get him the treatment he needs,” said Steve.
"Might have well have." She seemed to be a perfect split between Steve and Stark's personalities. Fury sighed. “No, one has ever gotten this close to someone you love, Natasha.”
“They are beautiful, very you,” he said.
“You better be here when I wake up."
“When do we have to leave for Baltimore?”
Piper climbed into the chair. Her feet dangled off the edge.
“Came here as fast as I could. What’s the emergency?” Edith asked.
“The serum effects every aspect of my physical being,” he said.
“I don’t care what you’re doing, Becker! You pick up on the first ring!”
"He won't want to do this. And I'm not going to make him."
"This is not a project, Edith. All we want is to know how to care for our baby," said Steve.
Steve simply nodded. He stopped himself from moving his hand over his stomach. There was nothing for him to shield there. In all likelihood, there never would be. He pushed down the lingering thought. It belonged to the past.
“We get to watch movies and have junk food tonight,” said Piper.
“I wish I had that. To have that connection is better than nothing. But, that doesn’t make your pain greater than mine!” The throb in Tony’s chest stabbed harder, escalating the tightness. His anger made him push past it.
“To escape the growing tension of the Cold War.”
"Winter was one of their original fighters going by the name Russian Bear. No one saw his face. The few that may have are already dead."
Steve had forgotten he’d promised to make dinner for the two of them.
She asked as many questions as she could. Piper loved watching the shocked faces of the adults in response to her intelligence. The more she could learn from them, the better she could help them. She started lagging behind. Daddy picked her up.
“Fine.” He dropped her.
“Tony’s trinket,” he said. Steve touched the necklace, relieved it hadn't broken during the struggle.
“He’s not my alpha,” he said.
“Teaching.”
“You depart in ten,” Rumlow amended.
"I didn't say that. Why didn’t you bring Steve? We could have played cards," said Peggy.
“No.”
"You'll get your chance to take them off. Until then, they're staying on," said Steve. His stomach growled.
As perfect as it was, she missed the ones Winter tried to make for her. She always had to remake them, but Winter was trying to care for her, which made them so great. Daddy came in, carrying ten large boxes of pizza.
“Was that so difficult?”
“You mean I’m going daycare,” Piper retorted.
Steve blushed when he felt Clint's eyes wandering over him. It felt wrong to have another alpha looking at him.
“How about a cold one and later the bedroom,” he said.
He crept out of their room and to the elevator. Steve got onto his bike. It had been years since he was last on a motorcycle. He started the engine and speed off to S.H.I.E.L.D. Steve pulled into the parking, freezing for a moment when he saw Agent Coulson's empty parking space. He shook off the feeling. Coulson died over a year ago.
“Howard had a thing for hidden entrances,” explained Tony. “Jarvis, pull up the footage from Antarctica.”
Killian came at him. Tony sent Mark 42 after him. The suite locked onto him sending him backward.
“Wait,” said Fury.
“That’s not necessary,” said Rumlow, immediately.
“That was very good, Piper. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“Okay.”
“Piper sweetie pie. Even that were true, it wouldn't change how Daddy and I feel about you. Or how desperately we searched for you. We love you."
“Let’s try again.”
"Okay," he said. Steve quietly left the room. Sliding to the floor when closed the door. He closed his eyes, trying to block the sounds Piper was making. He knew what memories her crying would bring back for Steve.
"Tony, did you find it?"
He brought Piper to the medical floor. She was only half awake. He rocked her in his lap, waiting for Bruce. The door opened.
“Yes, Sir."
“She’s my what? Pepper can handle herself. Call Hill, she’d be far more fascinated by this. I’m sure she's taught Pepper plenty of fun things to deal with situations like this."
Several locks of her hair fell onto the article, preventing her from reading the rest. Clumps of her hair continued to fall.
At least it was something he was secure with. The familiar rhythm of that life would be natural for him to fall back into. He craved it. It gave him direction and some sense of control.
“Jarvis,” said Steve.
“Could be fourteen thousand feet,” he said.
There’s a three-year jump forward everything that occurred in those will still happen, but at a later on.
Tony hung up. He groaned, hating how cornily happy he sounded. It wasn’t normal feeling this way. It wouldn’t last. The great fall from this feeling was what he feared. His coping mechanism wouldn’t handle it well. It was only a matter of time before Steve came to the realization he was no good for him.
There was nothing special about the flash drive itself. It could be bought at any office supply store. This method of infecting a computer system was so primitive. There were easier ways to breach a system without having physical contact with it.
“Since you’re asking, I’m guessing there is,” said Piper.
“Hey, Steve.”
“I didn’t mean what I said. I could never hate you.” Steve spoke in a rush.
