“You don’t have to say that Dean-“ he started to say. Dean cut him off immediately.
Turning around carefully, keeping himself inside the bubble of Cas’s arms because he was at his core, a selfish man, Dean studied Cas. He was fast asleep, his eyes closed and his breathing even. Dean’s chest clenched and he bit his lip. Cas was making little snuffling noises, his hair was a mess, he looked absolutely content, and he had trusted Dean enough to sleep in his presence. Dean loved him so much it hurt.
When he and Sam had lowered Dean into the bed, he’d planned to leave him to rest, he really had. But Dean had grabbed Cas by the hand with panicked eyes, and really, what was he supposed to do after that? He knew Dean was asking him to stay, and would always do anything Dean asked.
After trying and failing to collect himself for a moment, he lifted his head again. Cas was just watching him, his eyes soft. Dean did it before he could chicken out. Tilting his head up slightly, he pressed his lips to Cas’s. Cas made a startled noise, and Dean pulled back immediately, worried he had made a mistake. That train of thought lasted for all of half a second before Cas’s hand was in his hair and the former angel pressed their mouths together again. They kissed until they had to come up for air, and Dean stared at Cas’s swollen lips and wide pupils in a state of shock.
“Why?” He asked. Cas stared at him earnestly. “Because of so many things. Because you changed me, and you taught me everything, and your soul-” here, Cas placed his hand on Dean’s chest “-is the purest I’ve ever seen. You care with your entire being and you’re not afraid to do what you believe is right. How could I not love you?” Dean felt his face heating up, and stared into Cas’s eyes. They were so blue. “You deserve better,” he choked out, because forty years of self sabotage were difficult to shake.
Dean woke up to the feeling of heavy warmth. The fog that had clouded his mind since he’d been injured was still there, and it made the morning light dull and pleasant. He realized he was holding something, and looked down lazily. His fingers were intertwined with Cas’s, and the other man’s arms were wrapped securely around him. Dean felt safe.
, he just said to put the pants on.  Other times, I'm a brazen asshole, but for this I follow his instructions to the letter.
making it, and concentrate on fucking making it.  I don't know where the burst of speed comes from, but I get it, and I
Daddy gets Sammy changed, but when he gets to Dean, Dean knows it’s time for him to be punished for earlier.  “This is the second time today Daddy has to punish you for not listening.  Daddy’s going to take off your diaper, clean you up and then you’re going to bend over and touch your toes.”
so I don't bother.  What does it matter anyway?  It's not like God's ever going to show up to hold me to that.  God left this place a long time ago.
Dean doesn’t even bother to take that personally, not after last night.  Cas can keep lying to himself all he wants.
you want.”  His brow scrunches.  “What do you want?”
"Better.  Go eat, get dressed, then we'll talk."  He disappears, flying like a normal angel should, and I can't yell at him anymore even if I wanted to.
I imagine like I'm gathering it up, and I send it there—to my heart—and hope to Christ I'm right.
He's got the wrong brother, I want to say.  That's Dean.  "I will read it, Luci."
Sam isn’t scared but he should be.  His left leg steps back, bracing for a fight.   “Sam, don’t.  Please,” Dean says.  He’s ignoring Cas’s order which is dangerous in and of itself.  He leaps between them unsure which one he’s protecting.  “Sammy,” Dean growls.  “Get outta here.”
"Look, I'm gonna be outside a lot soon.  But we'll come back, and maybe you could be there when I'm back?"
We have to head deep into the palace, and I stop looking around in favour of keeping track of where we are.  There are so many twists and turns, it would be really easy to get lost in here. Or take someone prisoner and have them never find their way out.
giving pain,
Fine.  “Yes, Master.”
"I'll even allow you to see Jack before I send you off, see how nice I am?"
__________________
“Angels have far better things to do than babysit humans.  We were ordered to step in by Father to save what was
"—please show your son the value of mercy, and kindness—"
“Samuel,” Cas says.  Ugh, fucking damn.  He’s always so bad ass.  “Bringing your Crowley pet was a mistake.”
Dean wants to tell Cas he’s a dick for that.  And punch him in the face.  And definitely not stay here in his arms.  Because he is a dick for saying that, even if all those things are true.  Instead, Dean cries silent tears.
When I get to the top, hanging around the highest point is a leather throng with a creepy looking amulet on it.  “I came up here for you?”
(See the end of the chapter for
back.  “It’s just like him.  Even when I was a young Nephilim, he’d take my stuff and he was a full-fledging by then.”
“I thought you’d say that.  But you’ve disobeyed him before, because as much as you do what he says, you’re not broken, you’re still your own person and when it comes down to it, you have free will.”
“Not this time, Sam.  Perhaps another.”
Cas stares at him, his sharp gaze pierces Dean, exacting down to the core of him.  “Why do you think you’re only important to me when I have nothing better to do?”
“I’m really glad you’re here though, Dean.  I want to leave this place.  I need you to take me away from this place.  I don’t think I can do it myself.”
Dean’s pictured it in all of his dreams.  “I’ve changed my mind.  Eleven days is plenty.  Let’s keep what we have.”
“Yes.  God decides how long we remain a Nephilim and
Dean doesn’t want to make noises, but his omega biology takes over.  Levi’s fingers feel so good sinking into him, wet, slippery, even if he’s not hitting Dean’s prostate.  “That’s it, there you go, relax for me.”
And on the same level, I’m going to have to tell Cas about this kid now, I can’t keep any of it to myself anymore.  I wasn’t supposed to in the first place.  Cas might finally change his mind about killing me.
His face gets hard, and he nods.  "Well, make you and Jack comfortable.  We're leaving soon."
was not and Jonathan was drawn to him.  He got there first.  He didn’t ask Jonathan either for the record, but in those days, humans understood what an honour it was to be chosen by an angel.  They were the first angel-human pairing.  It should have been
One of the annoying little bright dots flickers about closer to us, and then enlarges to a pretty man, with wings.  He's got his long, pale-brown hair tied back in a ponytail.  His skin is shimmering purple, with darker purple contours, and lilac purple highlight to compliment his silver eyes, which have a diamond-like sparkle.  "Castiel, I am Drydon.  I make negotiations for the King."
let me patch you up…?”
brothers,” Sam says, sitting down
can heal you, and then we can move there and live together.  You’d like that, wouldn’t you my Sam?”
"Right after I get my angel blade back."
“He also tells me you were wobbly on your horse—no more horse, Dean, not until you have the baby.”
They eat pizza, and Dean can’t stop thinking about them being boyfriends now.  The first person he thinks to tell is Sammy.  They’ve become close in a short time; having kinks that are pretty much identical will do that.  Dean looks him over carefully, wanting to remember this moment.  Even when Cas is relaxed, and not dressed to head off to some meeting, he’s semi-formally dressed. Today it’s a soft, blue button-up shirt with short sleeves that show off how toned and large his biceps are.  The top three buttons are undone, so Dean can see the dip where his perfect pecs begin.
Cas sets about using his special straps to secure Dean’s arms to the armrests and his legs to the chair legs in front.  “Comfortable?”  Dean nods.  “How’s baby?”
Do I want to? no, but Cas said to behave myself, and I assume telling him to fuck off would not be considered behaving.  Besides, not like I have anything else to do.  When he takes me into the tidiest garage I've ever seen, sitting there is a 1973 Mercury Cougar.  I can't fucking believe it, and I run over to check her out.  She's a gorgeous mustard yellow, with a brown top.  Paint job is still perfect.  My heart pangs a bit, seeing her reminds me of my baby, stupid Cas made me leave, just like he left me.  "She's gorgeous Doc, um Dr. O'Malley."
Dean forces himself to say what he was going to.  “I miss my fire dad.  Am I really never going to see him again?”
When I’m breathing normally again, I realize how naked he is.  He stares on, his brows pinch together, concerned.  “I’m all right,” I tell him.  “Do you know who I am?”
in him and that is what I loved.”
He said it.  He’s finally said it and I don’t even get to fucking enjoy it for all the time I would like.
I run a hand through my hair.  There’s a lot here, lots to digest.
All of it makes me feel crazy.  I don’t know what the truth is anymore, I just want to do the thing that feels good.  “That’s what you want, isn’t it Sam?  For me to kill Michael and re-stake my claim to you properly?”
“Yeah.”  I miss doing something useful.
Cas is a fucking sadist to his core though.  He’ll use it to torture Dean.  For sure.
"Never.  What did I say?"
Gabriel’s attentive after.  Helping Dean into his kilt and t-shirt.  Making him sit while he laces his boots.  It’s unlike any of Dean’s other lovers.  Vastly different from Cas.  “Thanks Dean.  I didn’t think we were going to get here.”
I head in search of food, and bump into Jo again.  I'd rather her than try to make small talk with a new person, and at least she's cool.  Humans don't tend to want to talk to me, and Angel mates can be uppity.  Jo's shown she's not a douchebag, even though I kind of was one to her.  I try to remember how to small talk.  "You done working in the baths?" I ask in the friendliest tone I can manage, trying to remember what friendly sounds like.  I think it works; she smiles.
Cas turns and his jacket flares behind him as he leaves the room.  I’m pissed. I start throwing shit with my good hand, and trashing the room Cas 'fixed' yesterday with his grace.  This is fucking bullshit.  You know what?  Fuck him.  That's my car, my goddamned car, and if he thinks I'll leave it, he's crazy.  I decide on a silent protest behind the wheel of my car.  If he wants me to leave it, he'll have to carry me.  Or better yet, maybe I'm calling this thing off now.  He got what he wanted, I got… powers of some sort, which isn't quite what I'd envisioned, but will be a big fucking help in my quest for Sammy.
“That’s not a needs to know?”  I say that more angry than I mean to and it’s so the inappropriate way to talk to Cas.  I know it, but I’m fucking tired – tired of walking, tired of being hungry and tired of fucking Cas’s bullshit.
"So help me Dean, if I have to waste a grace use making you do as I ask, you will regret it.  Your hand.
“He’s afraid to be touched, because of the water.  It’s okay if it’s light and gentle.”
As Cas predicts, the healer’s scan from Teleapài shows their youngling is fine.  “You will just have to wait longer,” she says.  “It is common on the Emperor’s side of the family back a few generations.  Castiel’s mother knew quickly with him, only because he was from a line in which they received such messages sooner.”
Sam’s not sure he’s thrilled about Sammy but it’s better than Master, isn’t it?  Or it was.  Maybe Master’s growing on him just a little.  Sam pushes harder and slices a line from elbow to wrist.  Lucifer screams but doesn’t attempt to pull his arm away.  He takes it.  His chest heaves as if he has to breathe even though he doesn’t need to breathe.  Sam draws three lines total. Crimson blood pours forth from each line and drips.  Lucifer’s told him in past it feels like being set on fire.
Dean grips Cas tighter.
“You also have to submit to me for real to receive a tattoo.  I don’t think that’s likely to happen.  I’m not worried.  We’ll fuck.  It will be enjoyable.  We can complete the mission as we are.  We don’t need to go further.  You’ve submitted enough to appease Gabriel.  You’ve shown you can obey.  That works for everyone.”
“My need to see you both eat, overrode the other that needs you bent over this table.  Fuck, Dean.  I need you.”
“I don’t like the word no, Sam.” His eyes get dark, I don’t like it when he gets like this.
“An essay? Is Ferris Buller a college boy now?” Claire asks sarcastically, with a smirk. But then when she looks at Jack her smirk drops off. Jack folds in on himself, while scratching the bad of his head. Sam’s seen that action countless times before, on Dean. He knows exactly what it means; Jack’s nervous.
“Claire!” Jack shouts in protest.
“I really don’t need this right now, Sammy- “Dean tried.
Cas sheepishly takes another sip from his drink, “That doesn’t count. I’m pretty young in human years.”
“No. No. No. No. That’s not what I meant. I just… didn’t think you’d listen…” Jack sounds astonished. Well, it’s official Dean’s an emotionally constipated asshole. Wow.
“Something on your mind, Dean?” She asked, not looking up from the screen, still signing.
“Or what?” The Empty cut him off, “Your son, the so-called new God, has no dominion here. And even his ploy to sell me his and that other kid’s soul was real, you’ve pissed me off enough to not accept it out of sheer spite. So, pray tell, Dean what will you, a puny little human, do?”
“One, two, three,” Dean says.
“The what?” Eileen asked confused.
“Have I said something wrong?” Castiel asked, worried, “if so, I apologize.”
“I agree. But he was adamant in his belief that he was never going to be
“Needed to clear my mind,” Dean replies monotonously.
“I think we should crown Sam a king of somewhere or at least pay for his therapy,” Jody cut in.
“Am too”
Sam let out a breath, “Yeah, something like that.”
TRIGGER WARNING FOR USE OF HOMOPHOBIC LANGUAGE, USE OF SLUR AND INTERNALIZED HOMOPHOBIA
Castiel shrugged.
But hoping that his eyes say it for him is something a younger, more brash Dean would do.
Dean walked into the kitchen, finishing off the last sip of his beer. He saw Eileen sitting on the table, laptop open in front of her. He waited in the doorway for her to notice him, to make sure he didn’t startle her. When she did, she passed him a kind smile. He made his way over to the fridge, discarding the bottle in his hand, and picking up two more.
“Well, what the fuck would he able to do now? The new God’s gonna be along for breakfast in a couple o' minutes,” Dean retorted.
“I think your definition of 'nice' might be quite askew. Otherwise eating your cooking would never be qualified as ‘nice.’”
Dean coughs, clears his throat. “Do I have to?”
Eileen got up from her chair and walked over to him. She softly caressed his cheek as Sam closed his eyes and leaned into it. She climbed onto his lap, straddling him. She tucked strands of his hair behind his ear with no success and then leaned in to kiss him. They kissed with a beautiful tenderness, trying to fill it with as much love and care as possible, both almost afraid of letting go, having lost each other one too many times.
Both men begin laughing anew.
“ – calling on you, only when we needed the big guns,” Sam soldiered on, “but man, I swear, you’re family. You’ve always been
“What the fuck are the two of you doing?”
Dean wants to say but he can’t.
“I thought I was Luke.” Jack cut in, with a sourness on his face.
He can feel the air in the garage. He can
“It’s just that—not that you shouldn’t be proud of your score, Sam… Well, they’re laughing cause Elle Woods got a
Dean finally looks down at his phone, afraid and ashamed.
It was probably why he was the only bad guy who lived long enough to become a good one.
. Are you gonna tell me?” Sam sounds more like a disappointed parent than an annoyed principal though.
“Garth,” Dean announces. “Even though he named his kids after the two of you,” He adds mumbling.
Dean takes a hand off the wheel and slips it into Cas’s free one. “I have them too. In our line of work… I think nightmares become like that creepy uncle at family get-togethers. You don’t want them there but well fuck, kinda part of the package, know what I mean?”
“Jack?” Dean asks. “Where’s—why do you have—what’s bad?”
Dean laughed heartily, “Come on, sweetheart. We’re getting married, you gotta get better at lying to me.”
September 17
“On one condition,” Cas added.
Both men smiled as the wind blew in their hair and they rode the car that had been the Winchester’s home for most of their life while they watched the sun rise over the horizon.
“We’ll spruce the place up, get some recliners. We’ll get you one of those big-screen T.V.s” Dean turned around looking at Jack, feeling excited.
And then they're both lost to the world the moment their lips meet. They stay in bed till both of them physically cannot without their bladders bursting.
“Dean, we don’t have to do anything you’re not comfortable with… I don’t
He looked back at the boy, now man, well built, chisel-jawed with hair slicked back. He looked exactly like that kid they found waiting around for his dad back in an empty home, and absolutely nothing like him.
“I’ll be Luke, cause the distraction. And you can be Leia and go rescue your Han from carbonite.” Jack said with a brilliant grin on his face, “Come to think of it, the Empty does feel a lot like carbonite… I don’t like it.” He added, looking perturbed as though he had been personally imprisoned in carbonite.
“Okay. I’m gonna do it now.” Jack begins.
Sam just sat there dumbfounded.
“Where?” Dean asked, dumbfounded.
“It didn’t
“Yes, Dean?”
“Are you supposed to be drinking that?” Jack asked in reply. His tone was jovial as though he was talking about the weather instead of calling Dean out on his toxic coping mechanism.
waiting for the other shoe to drop, of
Jack remained silent.
Dean just nods.
Oh. Yeah. They had plans for dinner. Dean was going to make tacos. But Sam and Eileen were trying to eat healthier which was a stark contrast to everything Dean believed in but he loved Eileen well enough to surrender. But their pantry at home wasn’t prepared for vegetarian tacos. Hence the groceries.
“Come on, man! We’ve made our way out of worse shit; we’ll figure it out. We always do.” Sam insisted.
“That’s the tricky one,” Amara says. She exhales heavily again, “You.”
Cas looks back at Sam for assistance and is only met with a glare. Cas cowers. He slowly makes his way in front of Dean and gets on his knees. He holds Dean’s face in his hands as gently as possible, with so much care that even from afar Jack’s heart warms.
“Of course you are, my dear. You may not see it yet, but in time you will.”
Mrs. Bess Fitzgerald was looking out the large bay window in the living room, “It’s perfect!” she exclaimed, turning to Dean, “I think it’s just what we’ve been looking for!”
“Mm-hmm,” she was obviously too sleepy to really listen.
“No. Papa did.”
Castiel pulled the key he had taken from his mother’s office out of his coat and let them through the gate. They stepped up the creaking stairs and went inside the Demoniac house.
“Hmpf! Sisters!” she called them both to the cauldron, “Gather round,” the three took up sides around the cauldron, “One thing more, then all is done. Add a bit of thine own tongue.” As one, the three bit down on the tips of their tongues and spit them into the concoction. The cauldron bubbled and smoke rose high, changing into a sickly green color.
The next morning, Claire found her way down to the kitchen, armed with a dust buster for defense. She peeked around the door, finger on the power switch, ready to protect herself. Fortunately, the room looked clear of anyone, living or dead.
“Let them go!” Dean shouted, going to tackle the ghost. This time, he merely went right through him, and fell to the ground in front of the trunk where his children were screaming and banging on the sides. He glared at Roman, “You’re going to let my kids out of here, you’re gonna take me to my husband, and you’re gonna let us out of here right now!”
“Hi.”
“If I’m not back in ten days, send a search party,” she sassed, before making her way up the stairs. She wandered down the halls, before stopping outside of a promising looking door. It creaked open and she turned on the light. Inside were three beds. One was extra-long and labeled, ‘Sam.’ Another was pretty average, labeled…’Lucifer?’ yikes. The third was much shorter, marked for ‘Gabriel.’
“You don’t like it here?” Cas asked, already knowing the answer.
Crowley and Abaddon stared after them in shock, both having narrowly avoided being hit by the window when it had been flung open. Crowley spoke, “This is an outrage. This is appalling. We pay a man to get the ghosts out of the house, and what does he do?”
The door to the kiln burst open and the witches stepped out. A little charred, a little smoldering. And a lot mad.
“Very happy.”
Dean raised an eyebrow, waiting for her to get to the point.
“Okay then, let’s go!” and they took off.
“Yeah, how do we get out?” Dean asked. He was pretty sure they wouldn’t be able to use the door, and they couldn’t even find it if they were able.
She made her way into the school, and picked up her schedule and locker assignment from the office. She found her locker easy enough, but opening it was another matter entirely. She was positive she had entered the combination correctly, but no matter how hard she pushed, she couldn’t unlatch it. Just as she was about to give up, a fist came over her should and banged against the door, giving it the push it needed to get free.
“Hey, Jack, we’ve talked about this before; you’re ten years old, you’ve gotta start being a man.”
“No,” Pamela said, her voice was soft and kind, “It’s never too late.”
Crowley’s heavily bandaged hands pushed open the door of Hunter Manor.
She was so caught up, that she didn’t hear the bicycle bell ringing behind her, until a boy’s voice hissed at her to watch out. Claire dove into a fence, staring in shock at the boy in the red jacket glaring at her over his shoulder as he rode up the sidewalk, “Henry, wait up!” another bike blew by, this one being controlled by a pretty girl with dark hair and eyes. She smiled apologetically at Claire, before hurrying after her companion.
“Enter the tomb under the great dead oak, and travel down deep under the ground. And there you will find the key that must be found. Find the black crypt that bears no name, or soon your fate will be the same.”
“That’s all right. I forgive Bumble,” Cas emphasized the name before walking away. Dean groaned in frustration.
“You’re right, you’re always right,” Ruby said, nodding her head. Her sister rolled her eyes.
“Yeah dad?”
Dean had to agree. He looked at Cas, “Hey, angel…you know they have dead people in the backyard…”
Abaddon flung open the door of the house, holding the broom. She sighed happily, things were looking up, “Into the night sky!” she enchanted, rising into the air.
“Michael,” Lucifer whispered.
Dean smiled, he had seen the other boy blush. He let it go and held out his hand, “I’m Dean Winchester.”
“This is your home now!” Sam said, not looking at him, “Get used to it!”
“No,” Sam said. They heard a commotion at the edge of the property of the house they were at, and Dean cringed when he saw the two guys from the cemetery terrorizing some of the kids on the street.
Jack had heard all he needed to and turned to walk away. Dean grabbed him by the collar, “Hey, where are you going?”
“Dead mans…chungs!” Crowley choked out, clutching his throat.
“Awe, he’s cute,” Gabriel said, wrapping an arm around Dean’s shoulders.
It wasn’t a bad room, but she had no need for three beds, and it felt weird to sleep in a bed with someone else’s name on it. She turned the light off, and continued her search.
“Goodbye to life!”
“Well, what does this Alex girl got that I don’t, huh?”
Dean shook his head, focusing on the road ahead of them, “Oh, yes he is…he has unfinished business.”
“Dean, I’m not leaving you!” Sam protested. Before either could argue, Gabe muttered an ‘uh oh’. They looked out into the street and saw three distinct shadows. Fortunately, the alley had a ton of junk that they could hide behind.
“Sorry,” Ruby said, while she and Meg tried not to laugh, “She needs to concentrate,” she mimicked quietly. She put the bowl down and stopped, sniffing the air. Each sister had a particular set of powers. Abaddon was the only person alive who could read from that book, and her potions never failed. She could also summon lightning from her hands. Meg’s voice was hypnotic. Literally. She could entrance anyone to do her bidding.
“Who do you think!?”
The short man wanted to comfort him, but Roman had threatened Sam. He wasn’t allowed to say anything. As he led Castiel past the suits of armor to the dining room, he noticed a large trunk hanging from the ceiling. He heard Cas gasp.
Claire watched. She was still a little nervous, but it was hard to be truly scared of little ghost in a chef’s hat, making her breakfast. And to be honest, she was a little impressed with his command of the kitchen, “Can you turn invisible?” she asked, curious.
“Master…wilt thou dance with me?”
“I don’t want to look within, I wanna look without! Are you deaf?!”
“What are you talking about?” Dean asked, “What key?”
“Come on, honey…” Nick pleaded.
He didn’t have to think, “No.”
That is, until a glowing white light from behind him caught his eye. He turned around, shocked as a figure he recognized, and would always be able to recognize appeared in front of him.
“Twenty minutes tops, right dad?” Claire asked, unable to keep the sarcasm out of her voice.
“No, Sammy’s fine!” Dean assured him.
Jack could tell she was a bit more relaxed than she was before, and was very proud of himself, “That one’s easy,” he said, doing just that as he floated the glass of orange juice over to her. Despite not being quite as afraid, he could tell she was apprehensive over grabbing the glass, “It’s fresh,” he assured her as he moved his hands out of the way, so she wouldn’t have to touch him. She slowly went to grab the glass, and Jack noticed how her hand had moved towards his, as if she was curious about what he felt like, “Go ahead,” he offered.
Her eyes lit up with hope, “You promise?”
“…In your wallet,” Dean’s eyes shot up to hers, but she just continued, “Um, I was thinking that maybe I could use it to buy this perfect costume I saw in a store downtown?”
They were so busy examining the machine, they didn’t notice Abaddon and Crowley sneaking over to the vault.
“Why? Why? Why was I cursed with such idiot sisters?!”
“This is the end.”
“I didn’t know you had a bad childhood.”
“Papa goes over here,” she grabbed the picture and carefully placed it on the bedside table, facing the bed. Both so he could watch after her, and she would be able to see him.
While walking him out, Dean went to his parent’s bedroom, “Mom? Dad?” they weren’t there, “They must be having a great time.” Cas shook his head. No party in Salem lasted until five a.m.
Dean ignored the question in favor of kicking on the vacuum, praying that the outlet he had plugged it into was functional. He had never been so relieved to hear that familiar loud ‘whirring’ of the vacuum. He smiled, and pointed it at the tallest ghost, honestly having no idea what was about to happen, but needing to try.
Ruby tossed off her cloak. Her hair was now a rich chocolate brown that hung in soft curls down her back. Her skin was smooth and tan, and her mouth was soft. She smirked, “We’re young!” she cheered, looking down at her body, that was clad in a comfortable looking red dress.
“Here they come!” Gabe warned, “Cain, protect Sammy! Cas, Dean, spread out!”
“Ha! He’s down for the count!” Gabriel laughed, honestly shocked that had even worked. Lucifer and Sam floated back. The three were ready to continue the battle, a bit more wary, but nonetheless determined to win.
“And we’re here cause of…who?”
Jack’s eyes widened, and he rushed up to grab his sister’s arm, “I think you’re crazy!”
Before he could say anything else, Roman, who had been standing by one of the many dining room windows, spoke, “The storm has swollen the river.”
Abaddon sighed, tired of her sister’s idiocy, “And what dost thou call that!?” she asked, motioning to where Anna obediently sat in her chair.
“Tell me why not? This whole thing was my fault!” he said, tiredly, “We should never have been here in the first place. We’re supposed to be at the lake. We could be sitting in front of a warm fire by now…I made us come here. And now it’s too late.”
Sam pulled a framed diploma out of the moving box marked ‘fragile,’ “Johns Hopkins University? Very impressive.”
“Must be some form of protest,” John said, going back to the appliance he was putting together.
“She and dad are going to a party at town hall.”
“Let us fly!” Meg suggested.
Dean ran towards the dining room, it was the best place to start. As he started down the hallway, he noticed a trunk hanging from the ceiling. There were screams coming from inside, “Claire! Jack!” he started to run to his children, but before he could get far, the suits of armor lining the halls began to move, climbing off their pedestals, and marching towards him with their weapons pointed.
Claire and Jack shared a look, before the little ghost spoke, “No…but aren’t you forgetting something?”
Sam looked down at his nephew, “Why aren’t you inside doing your chores?”
“Gabriel Novak, thou mangy feline! Still alive?” she asked, mockingly.
“When they died, they couldn’t find the light,” Sam explained, sadly, “And now they’re trapped.”
“Michael,” he offered.
“Sounds tasty,” Ruby said absently.
“Hang him on a hook, and let me play with him,” Meg said, lustfully. He wasn’t her type, but it had been a while.
Before he could fix it, a bookshelf on the nearby wall slid aside to reveal a hidden staircase. Dean’s eyes widened in excitement. A secret passageway! He looked around to see if Roman, or Mr. Morgenstern were coming in, and when he saw the coast was clear, he couldn’t stop himself from heading to the passage. He wasn’t going to see where it led, he just wanted to peek inside real quick. How many times would he be able to see an actual secret passageway?
“You mean MY treasure!” she bellowed.
Cas started to stir, the uncomfortable stairs had not made for an easy sleep. His movements woke up Dean, who was acting as his pillow. He smiled down at Cas.
"I thought the pattern was the angel gets the best end of the deal, and the human gets all the shit things?"
"Can I get some new underwear too, Cas?"
It's not that I don't try.  But my stomach is a knotted hell most of the time, wrapped in the turmoil of something akin to waves crashing – and I'm supposed to put food in there?  It feels like it will be ejected.  He wouldn't understand, and even if he did, he wouldn't be empathetic to my plight.   "I am, I'm just eating slowly.  My stomach is upset."
"Thanks, Cas."  I'm fast, because with the air touching it, it seems to hurt more.  All cushy in gauze, it still throbs, but it's a little easier to handle both physically and mentally.
“Awesome.  I knew you’d find something, Sam,” he says, nuzzling against Sam like a cat.
I nod, unable to speak.
"Cas?"
I do get into the rhythm of it, giving myself over to the discipline and more importantly, Cas’s discipline.  Took me ages to figure that part of it out, but the bond is always happiest after, and therefore Cas is always happiest after, when I surrender.  I let go; I accept this will hurt.  I accept Cas’s dominion over me.
“That’s not what I said.”  He’s always calm.  Even when he’s angry, which he wasn’t in that moment – when perhaps he should have been – he’s calm and collected.
I shake my head at Cas who’s starting to get irritated.  He’s moments away from exploding.  “What do I do, Cas?”
That’s kind of heartening.  In a way, Sammy disobeyed him even if it was something small.
“No matter what anyone tells you—and Gabriel will try—you only bow like this for me.  Gadreel will show you other protocol.  You only have yourself to blame for this,” he adds, when Dean shifts about fucking uncomfortable, especially with all his cuts and bruises.  “I planned on having Gadreel break you in slow.  But you’re here and while you are, you’ll bow for me properly.  If you ever make it out on the field, there will be different protocol but one thing at a time.”
"You sent for me, Father," he says when he's in front of Lucifer.
overriding that pull to do as he says.  The guard comes over, Cas continues to glare up at me.  "I would like to speak with the prince."
“I’m fine, Sammy.  Let him do his worst.  Watcha got for me
Cas struggles with that.  “Then I’d never know.  I’d rather have some form of certainty.  Something rigid.  I don’t leave things up to chance.”
life, I can't help, but hope.  I remember Dean always telling me nothing can live without hope, so I make myself hope, even if I know better.
I’ve really fucked things up.
When Dean wakes up, Daddy’s already there.  “Hi pretty, Baby.”
Dean pauses too long, Cas glares.  “Not today anyway. I was gonna let him watch, I guess, so he could help me out.  But what’s the point in all that if being with you solves the problem?”
He nods.  "I have devised that.  We will delay our journey the night, so you can rest."
Another huff from Cas.  “Fine.”  Deviousness replaces Cas’s softer stare—which is only soft in reference to Cas, for anyone else it would be stony glaring.  “I have an idea, Winchester.  You said you wanted my methods for these.”
The pain does subside, and feels good,
“Mmhmm.  That means you’ll have to do everything for me, Sam.”
It’s Cas’s turn to freak out, because he knows where I’m going next.  “You’re not jumping off a cliff, because two idiots told you to, Dean. I’ve seen the cliff and I know there’s nothing beyond that point.”
“No.”
though he prefers to call it
It’s not till he sinks into the tub he realizes he hasn’t had the urge to touch his dick once.  He’s aroused—kissing Cas didn’t help—but it’s manageable.   Huh.  Cas’s appearance combined with the absence of his incurable boner can’t be coincidence.
“You need to get out of your head,” he says already laying down spanks that have Dean grunting and grimacing.
I set my fork down, and look him square in the eyes, for once only shaking a small amount.  "I promise you, I'm not."
Cas is livid as he walks.  I should keep my mouth shut, but I can't.  Being anxious makes me talk, even if it tends to make others silent.  "It was hard to move in there, Cas."
I know what he means.  “That’s good Sammy.  Real good.”  He leads me to a garden within Balthazar’s community, and I help him gather food for dinner.  The whole time, I watch him, even while we’re chatting.  I tell him a few stories of life on the road, he tells me what it’s been like living here.  I observe him.
“Did you just kiss me for no reason?”
That’s not Cas and it’s fucking weird.
“Sam,” Dean warns.
Lucifer is still occupied with business, otherwise he would have sent for me through the bond.  I’m free to explore, so I take the opportunity to check out the library.  I get different looks than I got yesterday, and I know why.  I don’t look like a broken doll drowning in a pile of blue robes.  I look like Sam Winchester.  He’s fresh, he’s strong; I feel my chest lifting at the thought of it and I do something he’d do, I wave at a passer-by with a Sasquatch smile.
"We've been over this."
“What item, Cas?”  I really wish he’d fucking tell me shit.
She squints her eyes at me.  “Sexist.  But I’ll let it go seeing as I am a witch.  Aren’t you going to ask me where your friends are?”  She starts fiddling with the necklace around my neck.
Oh dammit. Bowing. Dean’s had too much to drink. He falls to his knees as Paris makes his exit. “Get up here, Winchester. Though I do appreciate it.”
Dean feels when the hot come releases inside of him, it seems to go on forever.  Will Cas’s seed leak out of him?  But it doesn’t.  Especially with Cas still stuffed inside him like he is.  After, even Cas, the destroyer of worlds, looks like he might pass out.  “Did that please you, my love?” he asks finding it in him to plant a sweet kiss to Dean’s lips.
I yank him off the cliff.
While Boyd sleeps, I head out.  It's not the brightest thing to do alone.  Towns are open, which means any old demon can waltz on in.  And demons aren't the only deadly creatures around these days.  Since the veil opened, I heard rumor there's even a dragon floating around somewhere.  There was a time when I never would have believed that, but now? well I've seen far stranger shit than dragons.   Plus, I would love to see a fucking dragon.
I pretend not to see it.  Cas is in a mood.  He's likely to maim over handshakes.  "Dean," I tell him holding tight to the straps of my pack.
is more than a word he has to say.  Which is weird because he does have to say it.
I really don't want to light Bobby's house on fire, but it's a small price to pay for having gotten him out of here.  Though fuck he looks scary right now. "I-I'm low on some stuff, Cas.  Could I…?"
Dean continually sets up blocks for Sammy, so Sammy can knock them down.  Uncle Gabe left special instructions for Sammy, which included wearing
do my life at the same time.  It can feel good, if you're grateful to have something, or someone to miss, and enjoy the feeling, even if it makes you sad, even angry at times.  I also think you can miss people anytime you want."
Another demon is crashing their path taking Jack out.  Jack recovers, tumbling with the demon.  Dean pulls one of his blades with his good hand.  He’s propped against the jagged rock wall in a kilt bleeding out.  He doesn’t care.  If this is how he dies, good.  Better than in that cell.  Anything’s better than in that fucking cell.
I shut up, but I still think he's a hypocritical bastard.
“I know.  You don’t mean to get up to half the mischief you do, which is why you need to listen to Daddy’s rules.  They’re for a reason, which we’ll be talking about.”
Eyes still closed, Dean nods.  He can do this.
Maybe Sam could see himself with Lucifer if it’s this Lucifer.  The one who saves children from cancer and dogs from gingivitis.  What’s Dean gonna think though when they get him back?  Sam might be able to forgive Lucifer for tricking him into leaving the Impala, but Dean never will.  Ha! Just the thought that there will be a Dean again to never forgive Lucifer is a wonderous thing.  Things are coming up Sam.
Plus, Dean suspects the control has gone to Cas’s head a little bit. It turns Cas on to the nth degree. It’s as addictive as a drug to him. In a way it is for Dean too. He liked being able to go fourteen days. When he hit fifteen that was another achievement. Then sixteen. Can he make it to seventeen? He doesn’t think so. The urge is building like it did in the early days.
But he doesn't get to give me directions.  Another explosion hits, and sends us both flying.  I see him get up, only a little disoriented.  Seriously, what the fuck
"I'm not doing that!"
Dean does love Levi’s massages.
I don’t get to think about it further, one of Lucifer’s demons comes to retrieve me.  I stow the book behind a pillow.  I can’t take it with me.  There’s just no way.  I could hide it at the palace, maybe, but he’d find it before we got there with the way we travel.
I start reading the book.  A servant comes over to offer me coffee and biscuits, I’m feeling so good I say yes.  It rains outside, while I read cozied up on a plush chair with coffee.  I reach out now and then to check on Lucifer.  I can’t tell what he’s up to, but he feels busy, so it’s safe to assume he doesn’t need me.
By the end of the night, we are friends.  The Prince reaches under the table, and grabs something.  It's a book.  "This is a gift.  A courting gift if you will.  I read that humans give such things when they are courting."
“C’mere, you.”  Sam pulls Lucifer to him.  “I’ve accounted for that.  While you were gone today, I’ve been busy.  I secured you a magic pendent.  It’ll shroud you.”
Daddy strokes his hard cock, which has already been teased with all the humiliating scenarios from today, it doesn’t take long for it to be leaking.  “Wow, it’s so bad,” Daddy says.  He reaches down to fondle Dean’s balls.
“You would.”  Cas stares, deciding.  Like he has a lot to do—he does have a lot to do—but like maybe he wishes he could.  “That fucking pout, Winchester.  All right.  I have to get the blood off me first, and I only have a few minutes.  And you’re going to sleep
“It doesn’t have to be your winter jacket, but it does have to be something that will cover how indecent you look.”
I don't know if it's the bond fucking with my head, but there's something about Cas that makes me want to cling to him like a baby koala, no matter what the fuck he'll ever do to me.  He wants obedience? then I will give it to him.  Best I can anyway, this is still me I'm talking about.  I nuzzle my way into him further, and let our bond surround us, sinking into that too, like it's a blanket, which I turn into my cocoon.  Cas seems to relax too feeling what I feel.
“How did you know about Ruby?”
“He is, but I get a direct line of communication with him—when he can spare the time—because his
Cas rolls his eyes at me, actually rolls his eyes.  “Get over here and help us.”
“I needed to help, Sammy.”
"Balthazar's is back through the Fairylands, you went the wrong way."
This time it was literal spilt milk.  Jack spilled it, on Lucifer, and he went crazy.  I got involved, and of course others were there.  Apparently, had I been obedient enough, I would have seen Lucifer had right to punish his son as he saw fit.  But when he cuffed him hard across the face, I couldn't sit still.
She ends up feeling sorry for me, which is unnecessary.  "Hey look, I've got the hook up here, I can get you into a private bath—follow me."
I sigh.  I don’t want to need rules, but they help, like little steppingstones when I don’t know where to place my feet.  “Maybe? But let me talk it out with Dean?  I’ll meditate straight after.  I’ll see the energy healer too.”
“And this isn’t a playdate for you either.”  Just when he was starting to think Gadreel might be all right.  Dean scowls.  “You did punch me in the nose.  Shae, you sit on the bed.  Dean’s going to crawl between your knees and ask you to spank him.  Tell her why you need a spanking.”
Dean does like the crisp white and blue of the ensemble though and he does feel
“I have been busy.  You want to see?”
The natural lubricant allows his cock to slide in easily, and he presses me up against the wall, sliding in and out of me.  Fuck.  His cock is unreal.  I had sex a lot
Instead, he gets to play the angel-demon version of Dungeons and Dragons.
Dean takes a breath.  Remembering.  “My cock was so hard I took my hand and pressed my cock into it.  I needed to feel the pressure of something.”
don't take them."
“Dean.”  A lot bleeds into that “Dean.” Dean hears how tired he is.  How mutilated his insides are.  The frustration.  The hopelessness.  The fear.  How much he’s missed Dean.  “You don’t know what you want right now.  You’ve been a prisoner.  You’ve got Stockholm whatever.  Just come with me.  I’ll fix it.  We’ll get you back to normal.”
“When they heard it would be you, everyone said yes, except for Chartrice.  She’s not into men.”
I am aware that Gabriel could come back at any time, but I’ve long stopped worrying about if people see what Cas does to me even if it can be fucking embarrassing.  Cas is going to take me whenever and wherever he feels like.  I enjoy it; I like the thought of him taking me whenever and wherever.  He actually lets me come and when he’s filled me up with his sparkly angel-jizz, he doesn’t clean me up even though he could now that he’s used his grace anyway, leaving me smelling like him.
In any case it feels goooooood.  So, fucking good.  The Gods.  He wants to move his hips again, needing Levi to go just a little bit faster.  And wouldn’t it feel so much better if he moved in time with Levi’s motions?  It would, but that’s not the point.  It’s all meant to bring him to that edge, so he can fall over it, without coming, enough to get the relief in his balls he desperately needs.
He's learned to read me a little.  "Breakfast, clinic time, and then you can wait till your heart's content."
"I can make my own wing oil," he says, the annoyance clear.  "Just, not quickly enough."
“He came out squalling just like the rest of them.”
I don't like it.
I bow before him naked, and making myself as prostrate as possible.  I used to think my father was the worst perfectionist I'd ever encountered, but he pales in comparison to Lucifer who is the perfectionist of all the goddamned perfectionists.  I must pass his scrutiny, because he doesn't comment, and if I were imperfect in any way, I would most definitely hear about it.
unties his robe, and slips it off his body.  He’s totally naked in front of Cas.  “In the bath, please,” Daddy says.
He takes it, kisses it and then places it on top of Lucifer.  Sammy’s been wearing that thing a long time without care.  It’s red underneath, the skin irritated and raw, broken open in places, healed over in others.
“You haven’t come in too long.”
, but the other part wants my big brother to come save me.  I feel selfish as hell about that, but I already want out of here, more than I want a lot of things.
"I have?"
“Then come with me.  If you’re still fine in a week, I’ll let you go back.”
Dean nods.  That he knows, but it’s nice to be reminded. When he played with others multiple times, it did get easier.
"Of course I will, my Sam."
Thankfully, Dean was only just milked two days ago, and even if he weren’t wearing the cock cage, he’s practiced at restraining his orgasm for Alpha.  But the hard fucking will fill his balls, making them heavy, bringing him closer to another milking.
But Michael is somewhat reasonable for an angel.  Still a dick though.
“I can’t get past the marketplace, which means Castiel likely can’t either.  I agree, it’s some kind of selective warding.  I know he has other angels and demons in his employ and they get in just fine.  The warding must be linked to grace signature.”
I look up at him, afraid to move, or to say anything.  "Go put this in your pack, and undress."
“I don’t need you to try to make me feel better Dean, but yes it was bad.  It was during the cleansing I lost him, something no other angel had to deal with while watching Jack, but also why he was given to me.  I still failed regardless of the circumstances.”
“Sorry.  I’m sorry,” he says, gripping Cas’s wrist.  Cas releases it.
He shoves the jacket at me and walks out the door expecting me to follow.  I do.  “I still need boots and some other warm stuff, Cas.”
“What do you say we give up the war life and live in Ohên, huh?  No one will miss us.”
He laughs, loud.  "Oh Sam, kill you?  It's far too soon for that.  Besides, I have no intention of killing you, especially when I have so much time.  I think you underestimate me.  You will be obedient for me.  You're going to be the perfect mate."
He is more in every way; more controlling, more demanding, more obsessed.  I craved him and wanted to please him before, all of that has become more too.  I hated it for the first few days, but hate quickly faded into the background, too preoccupied with him to want to hate him.  I still hate the things he does, but it’s hard to feel too much beyond that, when I feel real desire for him at the same time.
250k later (once I add the last bit).  And now no one believes me when I say 'short'.  I totally deserve that.
One day things get heated.  Dean’s pushing at Paris’s chiton wanting it off.  Paris wants Dean too.  “Dean we should stop,” Paris says.
I don’t.
I remember last time he wanted to give me directions to where he is.  He doesn't seem to be thinking of that now.  Years Ago Me, would have pushed him for them, and jumped on my white horse to save him, but while I was able to save Bobby today, saving any old person I want is not something I can do anymore.  Besides, kinda busy at the moment, all my eggs in the Sammy saving basket right now.  If he's not going to remember to ask me, I'm not going to remind him.  I think he just wants to hear stories tonight anyway.  Looks in need of cheering up.  "You want to hear about the time the dragon and I fought off a whole bunch of black-eyed monsters?"
“You’ll make me crawl naked across the Garrison, but sink your cock into me, no way.”  Dean buries his head into Gabriel’s shoulder, laughing.
There's no doubt Dean's running like a spooked horse, it's plain in his eyes, but he forces a genuine Dean-smile for me.  "I will Sammy.  Just, can we get far enough away?  I'll explain everything.  Promise."
_____________________
Dean would be annoyed but he enjoys Cas’s fascination.  “You act like you’ve never seen my spanked ass before.”
This chapter will not bring you comfort, but it could bring you feels.
The prince is a beautiful, purple, man-fairy, and if I weren't already attached, I'd be into him.  He's got his long hair pulled back into a ponytail, and since the fairies don't wear too many clothes, I can see all the finer features of his sculpted body – he's built like a warrior.  His eyes are large with purple irises, and his jaw strong.  He smiles.  "You are a fine human," he says.  "I do not wish to insult you, but my heart is elsewhere."
“Not because of the bond.”
_______________________
"Apparently that wasn't enough.  How many did I say it would be this time?"
I'll ever see him again.  I didn't think I would the last time I saw him; this was unexpected.  So many questions, I would have loved to catch up with him over beers about.  I take comfort in Bobby's resourcefulness.
He moves closer and the feeling I was feeling lessens some turning into relief when he touches me.  "What is that Cas?"
Dean stops stepping in time with Cas. He stares. Dean knows he’s an angel without a bone of human values in his body but he’s almost sad for Cas who only knows sex and lust and doesn’t know love and the freedom of joy. “I choose this, Master. Dance with me, five more songs. Please?”
"Father, I thank you for providing this nutritious meal for my mate.  It will help him remain strong for what lies ahead.  Thank you for your love and mercy.  Amen."
“Dayamos falls into the afraid category,” Dean guesses.
Angels are warriors of God and having one of them in you sucks.  They’re made from things humans aren’t which is why they had to make him not-human to make this work—well long term.  Michael was one of the few angels Dean had met prior to his enslavement.  He tried to strike a friendly deal about the sword-thing—which looking back Dean should have taken—but it was before even they knew he full extent of such a weapon.
"It's where you're…" I think about how I feel about Cas.  "In awe of someone. It's when you think they're magical, despite some of the shitty things they sometimes do.  It's when you feel better being next to them.  It feels nice to consider them with amazement."
.  Then Daddy begins with the talking and it sends him over.  “Little boys don’t get to touch themselves like this, just their daddies, isn’t that right?”
"Very good," he says.
“In the late eighties, I took a crew to Earth. Once thing led to another. Long story. We ended up at their concert. I brought a record player here with me and some of their albums.”
Because you ruined my brain.  “I know, Luci.  I-I can be better.”  I don’t really know if I can.
He doesn’t want to tell Cas though, because it’s probably not something he should ask for.  “I uh… Cas it’s really kinky,” he says low into Cas’s ear so no one hears the ‘Cas’.
His laugh cut off and anger seeped in.  “I do not understand that man.”
"I vote for regular sex."
and yeah okay, we should have skipped the burgers for later.  Both Dean and I get it as we arrive
could be the one to get him to orgasm without Cas’s permission.  Cas is well aware of everyone’s game.  It’s popular.  Cas isn’t even the first one today to ask him how long.
They’re surrounded by trees and randomly placed walls.  Not a super fireproof location.  He hopes he’s not going to have to burn down a bunch of trees.
“We’re losing.  The only way I see us winning is if we try the sword.”
"I would only heal my mate."
"Okay, but I wouldn't touch me if I were you."  They've already been warned by Cas, but they might not care at this point.  We haven't been the most well-behaved prisoners.
God he’s infuriating.  Dean leaves quickly before he says something stupid.
"Flying is one other possibility," he says thinking some more.  "But it's a bit soon.  I'm not sure what would happen to my wings."
.  I’m just sayin’
Dean shrinks back.  Maybe not but fuck it.  He wants to do it and it will be nice to have another taste in his mouth.  “You shouldn’t have to suffer for my misdeeds, Master,” Dean says, with sly eyes.  Dean might be a disobedient little shit at the best of times but he’s charming.  Cas is mostly immune.  Mostly.  But nothing can be one hundred percent immune to anything.
It’s dark and it’s cold.  This time my body aches, especially my foot.  Can it last in here?  Will my foot be gone when I’m pulled out?  If I’m pulled out?  I don’t know.
He looks up and his angry eyes are a comfort.  It’s what I’m used to as opposed to the weird-assed shit he’s pulling now.  “You heard me.  Kill me.  It’s the only way you’ll be free.”
When they finally arrive at the palace, Baby Boy Novak’s gone back to sleep and the ride’s tired him so he has to ask for help off his horse.  It’s embarrassing how tired he suddenly is.  “Forgive me for saying so, your highness, but you need to lay down.”
"Cas, would you please take off your clothes, and get back in here with me?  There's no way I'm fucking going anywhere, anytime soon in this condition, which is
Dean barely hears him though, he’s ready to fall asleep.
I try to control my breathing as he seethes in front of me.  "I'm starting to think you're only good for looking at," he says, and I tremble.  Only good for looking at,
Sam laughs again.  “I’ll explain it to you and you’re going to promise me you’ll return Sir Wiggles to the shelter.  I found him in my shoe today.”
Cas doesn’t have to define ‘nonsense’, Dean knows what he means.  “Yes, Alpha.”
"You dare fight your prince?" Charand says to Drydon.
“The same one.”
“Cas, I know, Cas.  I know.  Yours, okay?  What I’m getting at is, as much as it’s logical to you for me to be your obedient human slave, do you see how logical it is for me to do what I did?  I bring to this partnership
All the skin on my posterior burned and just the thought of the switch coming near it again made me tremble, my skin wibbled – yes wibbled – like blowing on water.  I tried not to think about it, but when I heard the
I head deep into the bowels of the palace.  Lucifer hasn’t forbidden me anywhere, so I keep going.  I turn down different hallways aimlessly, not bothering to remember which way I’ve turned, to give myself something to do later – find my way back.  Dean and I played that game sometimes when we were kids, until Dad found out about it, except it was in forests.  We’d get lost in wooded areas in the various places we travelled and then find our way out.  Dad was
“How can I?  I’ve got quadruple practice every day.”
Suddenly all business, he grabs my shirt by its collar.  "I need your help."
“I’d like to wait, sir,” Dean says, and he’s not even surprised anymore.  Why?  Why is he like this?
“Currently?  Zero.  But that will come.  I’m going to insert the lube.”
The thought of Dean gives me renewed strength and I cling to my life with faith – faith in Dean.  For about five seconds it means something.
“I hate to break up this reunion, but we need a plan.  Any ideas,
Apparently, since I will rule by his side, they are mine to command.  Of course, there are limits to this.  I have restrictions I am to abide, but saving those things, they are at my beck and call.
Cas lifts my chin again.  “Have I ever made you do something I knew you were incapable of?”
Though Cas may miss me at this point, which is something and I’ll take it.
My god.  And I know I'm heading down a no-win path, but I can't help myself.  "Couldn't it be said that God invented the modes of transportation humans use?"
When he’s done and I stand up, I look my father in the eyes.  “Thank you, sir.”
“Do you know where Sammy is?  Let’s grab him and get out of here.  I’ll take you both somewhere safe, okay?”
He nods and then yanks me to him, to lay in the dirt with him.  “We need to talk about protocol.  I haven’t been strict about it, because we’ve never been anywhere for long enough, but Gabriel will be with us awhile.  We can’t do it all on the road, but it would be inappropriate to forgo it completely.”
As the kiss deepens, it ignites something I've been watching him hold back all this time.  I feel it inside me.  He grabs my leg under the knee, and wraps it around him, and then knocks my other leg out from under me.  My back hits the ground, hard, but I don't stop kissing him.  He grabs my wrists and pins them over my head, and breaks away from the kiss so he can look down on me for several moments while I catch my breathe, before he nips and bites his way down my body.  It hurts, and I cry out, but it doesn't occur to me to tell him to stop.  Even when he reaches the button at the top of my jeans, and undoes it I don't think about it.
"I don't know, but I do know I never want to hear about
The man doesn’t stop.  He continues.  When the tears build, Dean’s struggling in earnest.  He does
Whatever the reason, Dean’s glad he can.  He enjoys his teatime with Teleapài and learns a lot about Mythcairn culture and legend through her.
him."
become all the more consumed with pleasing him.
He said I could talk to the people, so I interact with them as I’m allowed; Lucifer has instructed the guard not to let anyone get too close for my ‘protection’.  I’ve missed contact with other humans.  We go to dinner, Italian food.  It’s not a real restaurant, those don’t exist anymore, it’s a makeshift diner out of someone’s house.  The palace would have been fancier – not that I’m looking for fancy – but the point is to take me out.  He’s a total gentleman.  I see what he could be.  Lucifer is charming as hell and this part of him I honestly enjoy.  No, I haven’t forgotten he’s a sociopath, but sociopaths have always been charming as hell, which is why they always attract followers; minions.
But of course, Dean wants what he can’t have.
Fine.  I get on my knees and suck him off, super irritated.  The deal better get me some good food.
“There you go,” he says.  “Good boy, Winchester.”
Not Gabriel though.  He’s convinced he and Dean would have made a good pair but he only says that now that the knows Dean’s not gonna rampage and set everyone on fire.
“C’mon kid.  Time to get us out of here.”
“Everything else looks good though.  He’s going to be a big boy.”
.  It was my fault.  It was a remote area, it was dumb of me to stop, he didn’t have much to work with in a bad situation.”
There’s no use lying to Cas.
He shrugs.  “It was your idea, Winchester.”  He guides Dean’s lips to his.  “All right.  You need some sex.  Go find it.  Relieve your balls, my unsung hero.”
There is something my brain’s been holding onto awhile, something that never made any sense to me.  Roark was complaining about waiting for wood to use to build his house, and I couldn’t understand why he wouldn’t just cut his own trees down rather than wait.  Back then, there would have been more trees and no regulations on such things.
like Sammy.  If I’m the essence of Roark and he’s the essence of John Archer, maybe something of him is in here, like a Horcrux.”
Dreyous bends down to kiss his head.  “Please don’t get yourself thrown into the dungeon over it.  I didn’t get much sleep last time.  I almost burned down the training field and got thrown in the dungeon myself.”
But I'm obsessed and I have to see if I can get the angel Castiel to at least speak to me.
He’d get grounded for staying out too late and for the times he got caught drinking because someone gave a shit.  It wouldn’t be Dad, when he was sixteen, handing him a bottle of cheap bourbon telling him he’d put hair on his chest.
That’s true too.  Dean isn’t gonna thank him for it.  “If you died tomorrow that purpose would still exist.  I should remain to see it through if nothing else.”
Cas takes Dean into his arms. The General’s a good dancer. “You’re drunk,” he says, swinging him, nibbling on his neck.
"Yes, I know.  Green and dreamy, right?"
I nod as I note to myself;
September 21, 2019
Cas opens his wings, letting them burst free, making himself look bigger, his eyes glow with the eerie azure blue light of his grace, making him look like a charged up light saber.
Two days later, it’s time for us to leave and I’m anxious to get back to Jack.  When we’re on our way out the gate, I catch sight of Jo, who waits until Lucifer’s heat is turned to wink at me – she got the note; some of my anxiety eases.
It hurts.  Buddy’s strong.  He’s struggling but can’t get out of his grip.  There’s nothing he can do except run his mouth.  “If you think a fucking spanking’s gonna subdue me, you have another thing coming!” he shouts, above the slaps.
"Hurt?  Cas, what are you going to do?"
Instead of worrying about his own orgasm, he focuses on Cas.  “Do you need to… mmmmm… do you need to … for the spell to work?”
“Long and boring.  I’d rather hear about your day.”
“You seem pleased,” he says.
"Ye—no.  No, Cas.  It's fine." I slam myself back down on the bed.  "I'll be fine.  Just, hurry back?"
Beautiful?  Dean doesn’t have time to process that—his body responds before his brain catches up.  Cum explodes from his cock.  Stars and fireworks flash before his eyes.  For several long minutes he doesn’t know where he is.  His body’s locked up, seized by pleasure.  It’s hands down the best orgasm he’s ever had.  Dean stares at Cas in awe.
After three of Dean’s heartbeats, Cas moves.  “Yes.”
“C’mon.  I don’t have all day.”
I slow down when I see I’m reaching the last pages.  I don’t want the book to be over.  I don’t want to stop hearing from my friend, who I’m pretty sure is Roark even though the book is written as if he’s another person telling me the story of Roark and Jonathan.
Sam’s hand moves to the sliver blade on the table.  “I don’t care for disobedience.  Do as I say.
I never want to let him go, never.  But he’s right.  Sammy’s been a man a long time and that’s his growth spurt in this story.  His confidence was taken, and he can get it back again, but that means growing, even beyond what he was before.  I can’t do it for him no matter how much I wish I could.  I nod.
Dean suppresses a glare and takes a spoonful, and then another when Cas continues to hold the dish toward him.  But then Cas places his elbows on the table, folding his hands over each other and rests his chin in the crevice of them.  The tranquil smile reaches his eyes and setting sun hits him just so, he’s got the bright aura of the angels around him.  Dean can’t fault Cas for loving them so much.  “We are lucky to have you taking such good care of us,” Dean says.
Dean cracked a smile.  “I’d love to, Pa.”  It was back when Dean still called him Pa.  Before that colossal spanking.
It has.
“We’ve been through this.  We needed to save the world.  You’re one human.  It’s not like you weren’t in the business of self-sacrifice anyway.”
So, I tell him in case he needs to hear it:
Okay.  I put my pack down and head over.  We're standing in the middle of the warehouse.  It's a large, clear space.  He reaches into his pocket, the special one where he's still got my cheeseburgers hostage, and pulls out a bottle that is shining and shimmering in a way that is way too much like angel jizz for my liking.  "Cas, is that a bottle of your spunk?"
He hides in Cas’s shoulder.  “Three.  In that time, I give you twelve orgasms.  Use them wisely.”
“Ugh.”  I curl into Cas.  I’m still tired, but I know I’ve got to pull it together.
“No attacking your brother.  Even if he’s bein’ a jerk.  Move your hands.”
“Right, just your omega biology howling at you.  The expander is in, I’m going to slowly pump it up.  Nice breaths through your nose now.”
like he had, but I hadn't asked, and feelings aren't always what they seem.
"It's warded."
Hello everyone!  It is I Mock,
Sam smiles.  “You’ll get your big brother sometime, Winchester.”
“Tell him that,” Cas says flailing his arms.
With Dean as pregnant as he is, his belly the size of at least three watermelons squished in there, Cas’s hormones are in overdrive, he can’t keep his hands off Dean.  This also means he likes to show him off all the more, his jealousy in check, so long as he’s doing things to show the world that Dean is
for.  Tears fill my eyes, and I wipe them away as I read.
"Come," Cas says pulling up on my arm, and steering me toward the stairs.  I let him guide me, a bit dazed, just glad he's still here.
—and while I don't know much about angels, I know how much leverage potential can be had when someone
After, they walk hand in hand to the big tent, pausing along the way to help anyone doing penance in the outdoor hallways.  When they enter it’s a bit of a party, one neither Paris nor Dean can partake in—not to the extent the crew is anyway, but they can have a pint.  When Dean said “check on his crew” to Cas, he mostly wanted to assess morale and from what he can see—of those in his crew present—morale is pretty damn high.
When Cas sees Dean’s reaction, his eyes light up and he becomes a man inspired, he keeps going.  “I’m going to put a baby in here Dean,” he explains, putting a hand on Dean’s belly.  “You’ll be round with my child and I’ll enjoy showing you off that way too.  You’ll behave nicely for me when I do, won’t you?”
will be the moment.  I'm scared to death of what he'll do, but I'm saying it anyway, maybe
"You don't
Dean laughs.  Nearly keels over laughing.  Has to muffle himself into Cas’s shoulder.  “Master,” Dean wheezes.  “You know you love someone in here, not a tattoo written on your forearm by—let’s face it—creepy, problematic magic.”  He puts his hand over Cas’s heart.
“But I’ll have to go.  What then?”
This time Dean catches Cas’s reaction.  He’s stifling a laugh.
He spanks me until my ass cheeks feel it and the humiliation of it all, being spanked like this, after showing all how well I’ll bend over for him, my cock aches with need.  It doesn’t get satisfied though.  “All right, up now.  I’ll take care of you later, won’t I?”
Cas snaps his fingers using up more grace to dress Dean in a nicer kilt—black plaid on a black-green background and a wide belt with silver buckle—a black V-neck t-shirt and tall boots.  His hair’s done, the loose bit falling clean on top of his undercut.  Dean feels for the braid, pressing his fingertips over the tight plaits and because he’d had his braid in while he wallowed at Papa’s house, the beads are there.  He images how they shine.  “Thank you, Master.”
Cas takes me, I don't take him.  Another rule we cleared up along the way. One I didn't end up minding so much.  It's super hot knowing he could take me at any time he chooses.  Well, except for times like now I guess, when he wants to, but we have to move.  "I'd prefer not to use my grace right now, but you're not much good like that."  All of it stated like it's my fault I'm in the position I'm in, and I suppose from Cas's perspective it is.
It’s about the unknown.  You have to get beyond your
But I remember who he is by the time he's before me.  "I'm sorry," I say, even though I don't feel he deserves an apology for anything.
Dean wrinkles his nose at the falafel.  “Fine, I’ll eat it.”  Dean takes a bite.  “Huh, not bad.  This one actually has flavor and wow this sauce is to die for.  Where’d you get them from?”
The first tears fall and fuck it, who am I holding back for?  “What’s that Cas?”
When he first said that to me, the choice was easy.
“Look, I know you don’t have to tell me, but I’m your companion now.  Don’t you wanna share more than just sex with your companion, Master Ceri?”
Michael finds me in the outdoor cook area.  There are kitchens, but I like cooking out here in nice weather.  Besides, the forno oven’s out here and I want to make Dean a pizza.  Michael comes up behind me and puts his arms around my waist, his head into the crook of my neck.  “Careful, my hands are full of flour,” I warn him, but snuggle into the affection.
“It isn’t right for an omega to go to a healer on his own.  I will take you.”  Cas kisses Dean’s forehead and Dean does note the difference in Cas’s language, maybe for the first time.  He does use the phrase ‘right’ more often than ‘proper’ as Dean’s mother does.
.  Mastering your gift doesn’t benefit them, it only makes you a liability.  Something to be further chained.”
Sammy’s eyes get the haunted, faraway look I hate.  “I still miss him.  I think about him a little less, but it’s not that much less.”
Sammy nods.  He smiles around his soother and holds out his blanket, which is fucking sweet, but Dean knows how much Sammy needs it.
Unfortunately, Cas is right.  Spanking isn’t just for punishment, thought Dean’s been spanked plenty of times for punishment, it’s also a way of getting out of his head.  Dean’s not sure if this is an omega nature thing…?  The books don’t say it, and he knows that betas are spanked too, hell, even alphas get spanked under particular circumstances, but there seems to be another kind of effect for omegas.
Dean always said that about Dad.  That Dad was only left with the shit choices to make.
"Oh c'mon."
“Will he mind that I’m here?”  It isn’t proper to visit with a married omega without a chaperone, but the rules differ slightly household to household.  Dean would have arranged the visit if there had been time, but there wasn’t.
Collar?  No fucking way.  I move to jump up, but Cas is faster, grabbing me around the chest, and locking the collar on in one swift move.  He then tosses me over the bed and I hear him removing his belt again.  "Cas, no!"
He pauses.  "I don't know how to tell you this, Sammy.  You're going to think I'm nuts."
Cas rolls toward him and uses his free hand to sift through the sheets on the other side of Dean, fishing out Dean’s soother, which he pops into Dean’s mouth.  “Close your eyes.  It’s not nearly time to get up yet.  If you don’t get enough sleep now, you’re just going to be tired later.”  In other words, Dean’s idea to play with his toys? completely kyboshed.
✨Eventually, Michael starts his own Community where Sam and Jack will live happily ever after.
Cas glares but for once, it’s not directed at Dean.  He waves his hand over and a tattoo appears, glittering silver snaking up his arm.  Dean flicks his eyes back and forth, from the tattoo to Cas.  He can read the words.  Not because his weird Enochian reading abilities have returned.  Because he’s seen the words before.  They live on his skin and his ring.  “
"Really?  That's fucking hot, Cas."  I'd love to see him with tattoos.
Dean, who still wanted to hide from this conversation asked, “How ‘heavy’ am I supposed to, y’know, keep my nut sack?” because if he was gonna use the stimulator thingy, he might as well use it properly.
And his eyes.  They glow red.  What’s up with that?  It seems very evil and Sam’s gonna assume it is for now.
“I like it,” Sam adds when Dean’s been quiet for too long.
“No.  Luci please don’t do that to Dean.”
“We’ll begin tomorrow.  Now go find Paris and take the opportunity to release—it’ll be your last for fourteen days.”
“I’ve been meaning to tell you, I felt the baby yesterday when I was visiting with Tann.  He said that was soon for even an omega pregnancy.”  Dean was proud when it happened.  After so long to conceive, any little milestone is another checkmark on his list of, ‘Okay yeah, I can be a mother.’
“Not officially, but they were about to, at least the brothers were.  Angels can only be kicked off the council by God and it is said that Michael, was God’s favorite.  Michael would have gone to bat for Xathanael.”
anyone.  If you don't love yourself most, you can't love anything, or anyone.  I don't want you to love yourself, Sam.  I want you to hate yourself enough that you literally need me to provide a sense of self for you."
Over the next two weeks the doctor says there's a noticeable change in me, things also change in our daily routine.  Cas gave him a list of things for me to do
“I’ll take that as yes.  Remember when Luke has to hit up the weakness of the Death Star?  Architecture Magic is like that, there’s a weakness innately imbedded in the structure, so it can be easily undone if need be.  Like a ward.”
"You discipline me fine."
“Ha!  I can’t read Enochian.”  Totally busted.
"Turn and face the wall, good.  Now sit your hips back, arms extended, knees wide enough to spread you open for me."
Sammy’s faster this time walking headlong into the ocean until finally a wave takes him under.  There are several nail-biting moments where nothing happens.  I get prepared to chase in after him, when suddenly a wide trail of iridescent purple, lights up the ocean’s surface and ends way off into the distance where it disappears, like a light bulb going out.
They had, Dean hadn’t believed them.  But he obeys Cas without question like he did just now.  He had no idea what Cas was doing to him; Cas still got him to let go and submit.  He got Dean to a relaxed calm in moments.
“Then why do all this for me, sir?”  Dean put two and two together.  This room was made special for him.
to be the way Sammy was leading me according to his note.
to obey Cas, which means behaving for this guy; makes me feel closer to Cas.  I slug myself off the porch swing, and follow him into the house where there's
There’s no phone to slam down but if Cas could that’s what would be happening right now.
Sammy’s already refusing the rest of his food and rubbing his eyes.  “I’m going to warm up a bottle for him,” Uncle Gabe says.
5 YEARS AGO – Just after Dean’s capture
That’s horrifying.  “What about the Nephilim made by angels?”
“Not a mess, Daddy.  Dean needs to find the right blocks to make his playpen fortress.”
Without warning, Michael scooped me up, bridal style and in a flash, we were in our room.  He set me on the bed and then we stared at each other for a time, his arms crossed a me, while I tried to figure out what to say.  Finally, he spoke.  “Yes, I’m jealous, Sam.  I don’t mark you as often I should, because you’ve been through a lot.  You can’t traipse around like that,
Yeah that's the normal reaction, the one you probably should have around an angel like Castiel, but I can't stop looking at him, and I can't deny that I want him.  I'm scared too, and I'm not the kind to scare easy, but it doesn't stop me.  "Yeah, uh.  You go ahead and leave if you want."  I proceed to sit down beside him.
SAM ~before the
He laughs.  “I chased Cas down, forcing his hand.  Believe me, I made my choice.”
When he’s next to Gabriel, he’s shown the gold ring.  “I’m going to have you wear this cock ring.  I’ll have to put it on you, but you’ll get the luxury of privacy today.  Though Dean, this is just … not that kind of place.  You need humbling and it may require an audience at some point.”
The fairies are right behind me, and are super fucking pissed.  Now I have to avoid them
Dean can’t sleep.  He tries.  Eventually Gabriel knocks him out with grace.  The next day it’s quiet at camp.  Too quiet.  Gabriel’s not there.  Dean stumbles into his boots and runs out of the tent, his kilt whipping at his calves.  A few humans and angels, the ones left to do anything non-war-like (washing, cooking, healing) are milling around.  Dean grabs the first one he encounters.  A man.  He shakes him.  “Where is everyone?”
Gadreel does and Dean’s happy to be free of all the restraints even if he needs them to help with his predicament.  Cas leans down.  “Grab my neck.”
“Great Lord almighty,” Gabriel says.  “Tell them we’ll make our way.  We’ll walk the two of us with full guard surrounding.”
“Yes, Master.”  Dean’s not going to get an apology from Cas, nor does he need one.  He got what he expected from Cas.
"Best I've felt in days.  I should be full strength in no time."
When Gabriel finally shows, he’s in the center of a fire that’s slowly coming toward him.  “Go wait in the shower with the water turned on,” Gabriel roars over the blue flames.
The spanking was so, normal.  He pulled down my pants (I was already wearing pants, albeit without underwear, then) I went over his knees and he gave me a hard, bare-bottomed spanking with his hand for a long while.  He finished with a wooden paddle that made sure I couldn’t sit comfortably for a week.
he’s seemed to find out about using his powers and is raring to use them.
Yeah, I get it.  It’s whatever price he sets and he’s got me by the balls, soon literally.
what has my fucking attention.
, I’m sure he’ll allow me to sleep on his couch, or something.”
“I’m working on it.  Give me a week, okay?” He wipes Dean’s tears away with his thumb.
I'm sure my outward appearance looks bright and healthy.  I'm fully healed, and I've put on size from eating well.  I'm a lot different from that banged-up-scraggle-muffin he left here two months ago.  I've had multiple showers, I'm clean-shaven, and while I haven't been sleeping well, it's still better than the sleep I get on the road.  Inside though, I'm falling apart slowly, but surely, and somehow Cas knows right away.  "I was gone for too long," he acknowledges.
"Ha!  You don't know Cas," I say taking another bite.  "He never lets anything go, 'this once'."  Believe me, I've tried.
I almost drop everything.  I haven’t seen my brother in about a year, I’ve missed him.
“Okay?”  Cas’s eyes soften just a bit.  Just for Dean.  Dean nods, closing his eyes.  Taking a moment to let Cas anchor him.  To breathe in his angel general—he smells like ocean.    Cas brushes his thumb over Dean’s lips.  “Okay.  Let Michael in.  We don’t have much time—we’re losing.”
I have no chill when it comes to this story.  No chill.  So here's another chapter.
“A symbol.  The all-seeing eye.  You’ve made a contract with the house of God.  Because you… because you serve me so faithfully, he looks upon you with high esteem.”  The only word to describe the look Cas gives him is proud.  “Okay.  Even I can’t deny that one, Winchester.  You’ve done well.  Have the day off—of me, of war, of everything.”
“You want my cock, beloved?”  He’s smirking.
I’m going to believe in him, too.
“I’m not sure,
Cheeks flushed with embarrassment, I turn to show them all my shameful cock, hard and excited.  Everyone can see how much the prospect of whatever Lucifer’s about to turns me on, and I don’t even know what he’s going to do.  People watch on, fascinated.  There’s a mix of humans, angels and demons in the room.  All of them worship Lucifer, he hasn’t had to force a single one of them here.  It doesn’t matter what he does to them either, he’s collected his minions in a similar way he has me, and now they’re more scared he’ll exile them from the group over a beating they might get.  They’ll gladly take whatever punishment, just so they can stay.  They’ll tread carefully, choose words he’ll like, think how he wants them to, behave how he wants them to, like who they want him to like, just so they won’t be cast aside.
"No, but maybe just long enough to figure out how to kill him."
When they get to the third stroke, Dean’s yelp isn’t just for mollification, but true grief and if he were standing, he knows the fifth would have him up on his toes.  As is, he presses his hips forward just enough, but not so much, he gets away with it without a scolding.
"Yes.  You will rule by my side."
Currently, humans hold an uneasy alliance with angels, which is putting it nicely.  Angels rule the humans in an odd sort of way.  The humans are happy for it, so long as they receive protection in return.  Most humans revere angels anyway, and the ones who don't are merely indifferent.  Angels were always thought of, as human salvation, and when the end of civilization came,
After walking for hours alone, I decide to stop.  I need food and I need to get my head together.  I’m sitting against a tree, trying to figure out just what the fuck to do, when I get the most familiar, unfamiliar feelings.  “Fuck.  Fuck!”  I realize I’m in the same place we started this morning, I’ve spent hours walking in circles.
I should probably be asking Cas if Sam can touch me, but I don’t know what’s going to happen next, and I don’t want my last thoughts to be I should have given my brother the love he needed when I had the chance.  I’ll just pray to Father Cas can find it in him to understand. Sam’s unsure at first.  “Lucifer said to make you better, he didn’t give me any rules on how to, or how to not.”
"Did you come back and kick his ass?"  That would have been cool to see.
Now that I’m calm, I inspect the fugly amulet again. “Why me?”
“What’s he like?” he asks.
Lucifer’s needs always come first.  Lucifer fucks me over the desk pressing into bruises.  I don’t know where the bruises came from, but does it matter?  No it doesn’t.  It’s a long session.  When Lucifer’s done with me the first time, I’m told to kneel at his feet until Lucifer has use of me again.  The part I hate most is that I crave Lucifer more than I crave food.  I only asked about food in the first place, because I know I need it, and that Lucifer will be upset if I don’t take care of myself for him.  I’m wasting away.  I don’t know why Lucifer wants to fuck skin and bones, but he does, and I feel empty without Lucifer inside me.
Fuck.  Talking Sam out of this isn’t going to happen.  Dean’s still going to try.  “I’m a little different, it’s true.”  He might look like he’s just hit his twenties, but Dean likes to think his voice is still gruff.  “But I’m still me.  I still know up from down.  Left from right.”
Baby Sammy does not like to go anywhere without his blanket.  It’s blue and green and yellow with puppy faces all over it.  Dean understands, no matter how big or little he is, he doesn’t like going places without Professor Norris, who’s tucked under his arm currently.  Sammy has an outfit on too.  It’s a t-shirt that goes to the top of his hips that says ‘Papa’s Little Boy’ on it.  He’s only got a diaper on for bottoms, but it’s overlaid with a diaper cover that’s got fun safari animals on it like giraffes, elephants, and lions.  His soother is blue, and his shoulder-length hair is brushed long and loose, fanning over large, hazel eyes some.
“This is where the physician does his work.” Physician, as in one, for the whole place?  “I’ll see if he’s willing to take you in.”
I don’t fall into the trap of thinking I’m his lover; I know what I really am.  He owns me, I’m his property, a belonging, his beautiful whore, but that doesn’t mean we can’t get along, or that I have to be miserable, or even have to like him.  As long as I give him what he wants, I’m able to carve out some moments of peace.  This is not to say my life is peaceful, but there are moments without terror.  He’s
I’ll make it up to you.  Cas can beat me for you later,” I say without thinking.  I’m so used to saying shit like that, just rolls off my tongue.
"That's it, Baby."
“No, Daddy.  I’m good, now.”
“—home visiting, Dad?”
“No.”  Thank fuck.  “Yes.  It’s complicated.”  Dammit.
Dean hangs from the rafters.  Yes, this place has rafters.  Dean’s pretty sure they were installed just for this purpose.  His arms hang in chains.  There’s a stool under him, he’s straddling it, just above a giant dildo.  It’s another embarrassing, humbling position and Dean’s leaking slick like a burst water balloon.  His cock fucking aches.
“Do I get time to dry off?” Dean complains.
“Mmmmm hmmmm.  Like the thought of that, huh?”  Cas rubs two fingers between Dean’s ass, over his entrance, rubbing slick up and down.  “You’re wet just thinking about it.”
“You’re hurt, let me – ”
And, it’s heaven—Dean’s heaven—having Cas squeeze his balls like this while they kiss.
Daddy gives him a little floating boat, that has a little man inside, who pops in and out of the driver’s seat.  There’s also a large rubber ducky, like on his housecoat. Daddy also sprinkles in some floating shapes from a set of plastic blocks meant for the tub.
Dean wiggles.  Now that he’s had one orgasm, he can enjoy this one a little more.  He already feels another one building.  He clenches the egg with his ass muscles.  Not his first time with a toy up his bum.  He could attempt silence, so Gadreel won’t hear him, but it feels so much better to moan and let go.  He’ll regret it later when has to look Gadreel in the eyes, but right now letting it all out is what he needs.
No I fucking haven't, good god, what
"Yes," he says his eyes growing stormier by the second.
“Yes.  I know you’re uncomfortable.  I can make you a lot more uncomfortable.  Learn to control yourself.  Your temper is exactly what Gabriel is concerned about.”
“Yes.  Thank you,” I say, but wonder what I’ll have to do for that later.  He always wants something in return for his ‘kind deeds’.  It’s not like he has to ask, he owns me, but he likes it better when I’m giving him something.
He smiles.  “Later.  I just want this right now.  I’ve been thinking about things again.  I need this, Sam and you’re the only one who can listen, properly.”
As for giving him real reason to mark me, some of those times weren’t exactly my fault, even if they were real reasons.  One time in particular, I
“Dudes, don’t be afraid, party on,” ‘Bill’ says.
“How can you still love me?” Cas wonders out loud.  Dean’s pretty sure he didn’t mean to say that out loud.
"Okay."
"Well it doesn't matter, because you're not going back.  You stay with me."
He won’t answer me.  If I didn’t know better, I would say he’s being irrational, but I do know better and Cas is never irrational.  In any case, I wait, because I’m not going anywhere without Cas’s say so.
"It doesn't matter what you wish, because you do," his lips are close to mine, my already racing heart races more.
“Yes, but you know well how often you visit is based on changing factors.”
“No.  This is mean to be a humbling experience.”
Cas scowls at me.  "Make your dragon useful, and send him ahead.  We're about a day out, but knowing what we're walking into would be profitable."
“You’re right.  I’m sorry.”
Dean can imagine.  He’s been rolling around in the dirt.  There are tear tracks and now blood.  Michael messed up his hair.  “Yes, Master.”
“Someday you’ll get to set demons on fire.”  Cas knows how to talk his language.  “You’ll also be fireproof.”
But, Dean notes, Cas’s caligae are falling into the mud hard, and it’s splashing up his calves, in between the braided leather strap-work that reaches to under his knees.  Dean doesn’t want to question his alpha, but he knows he’s not fine.  “You want to head back?”
“Yet it’s one you have to make.”
“Jack.  We’ll keep you safe.”
~Before the after, after the before~
Gadreel lights up, excited to tell Dean.  “Your enhancements are beginning to take effect.  Your Master didn’t want to be inconvenienced with having to feed and water you.  He didn’t want to have to suffer breaks in your service to him while he waited for you to relieve yourself.  Cool, huh?”
"I'm happy to see Castiel making his own decisions.  He was always the most die-hard fan of Father.  Wants to make him proud."
A beat of silence passed, amicably between the two. Eventually, Dean was the one who broke it.
When Dean enters his room, after having checked on everyone, one last time, he's greeted with a somewhat intoxicated barely clothes Adonis, half asleep on his bed.
“Nothing happened, goddamn it! Can’t I just get a fucking minute without you fucking clinging onto me for dear life?” Dean is just being hurtful for the sake of being hurtful at this point.
But maybe, Dean thinks, it might not just be a small part.
“Hello,” Jack waved politely.
“So, imagine the shit I had to put up with when you guys
“But—But I—” Dean stutters.
This time, it doesn’t ring again.
“Thanks, Dad.” This finally breaks Dean’s resolve and he lets the tears loose.
When Sam’s face remains contorted in confusion, Cas adds, “We’re trying to decide wedding parties. Seeing as we share the same family, the process has been quite…”
“Only to stop Amara.”
“Of course, Dean”
“Sweetheart?” Dean says much softer this time, “Do you want to? End it?”
“Are you planning on killing us?” Cas asks, blunt.
“Hold on, I think I just got a text from him.”
I'm pretty fond of this one.
“Sam?” Cas looked worried then.
They left the Creator of all, the Almighty crawling and begging on his knees at some random lakeside as nothing more than a
He picks up his phone and calls Claire asking her when she can swing by. By some miracle of God, she is passing by Lebanon in a couple of hours and agrees to stop by. Meanwhile, Dean sends out a prayer to Jack to meet them at the same time.
“Even if you are real, I’d rather not go back. As I told him once, I’m cursed... Dean’s better off without me.” Cas said as if it was just a fact.
“Nah uh, not you,” Amara says, her hand stretched out towards Dean. Her fingers curling around the shape of Dean’s throat from afar.
“What the fuck?” Dean defends, “
“You don’t believe me, do you?” Dean asked.
“I feel as though you expect me to answer ‘Stairway to Heaven’, solely for the irony of it all,” he replied, with a smirk on his face.
“Dean?” Castiel asked, concerned.
. He sighs and Dean can see the anger leaving his body. “I don’t always know what goes on in your head, but I always understand you… Or at least I like to think I do.”
this, because I need to believe that people like us, people like you and me—the absolutely fucked up ones—can still have a happy ending. So, please, I’m begging here, don’t hurt him.”
“I don’t understand why there are so many different variations of the same shade of green,” Cas replies monotonously. Ironically, however, it was the monotony that worried Sam.
“Are you sure?” Cas asks. He still hasn’t looked at Dean in the eyes, not even once. Dean is caught somewhere between choking on his words and driving the car into a tree. The tension feels palpable; in his shaking hands and trembling feet. He’s drowning in it. Is Cas too?
“Yeah, about that,” Sam cuts the in, knowing if the bickering begins, it will never end. “Ugh, the thing I wanted to talk to you about was that I was kinda hoping that maybe... I could officiate.”
Cas got up, putting his leg over Dean’s, straddling him. He sat down on Dean’s lap and held Dean’s face in both his hands with so much care, Dean’s heart felt like it could burst with love. Then Cas began peppering tender kisses across his face. Dean smiled, knowing Cas was trying to succeed at his hopeless pursuit of kissing every last one of his freckles.
“N- no Cas. It- it’s not that. I’m just thinking. That’s all.”
They put the rings on each other, laughing, crying, smiling. And then kissed till the sun came up.
"I didn't say anything!" Sam defended.
“He isn’t with me, Sam. I don’t know where he—”
“Because you called me a slur and said that I disgusted you!”
“Well, you know why I’m here, what about you?” Sam asked.
“Don't be an ass,” Cas reprimanded, finally looking at Sam. “I just wanted to… I wanted to ask for your permission.”
“I said, you’re right.”
Back when it all began; Sam Winchester was destined to be the Boy King. His life, bartered away in a Demon deal even before he was born, infected with Demon blood, prophesized to break the last seal and bring upon the Apocalypse while being worn as a fucking prom suit by the Prince of Darkness.
Dean walks back into the small movie hall and stands right in the middle, in front of the screen. He’s faced with loud boos and a half-empty bucket of popcorn.
So, he does, "Are yo-are you having second thoughts about marrying Dean?” Before the other man can answer, Sam adds hastily, “I swear I won’t be upset with you or anything. Right now, I’m
“We were always going to end up here,” Dean says sombrely.
Cas stopped.
“I tried to shoot him,” Sam replies trying to breathe through his laughter.
“That we tried to kill her for a ‘good’ reason?” Cas retorts.
“You beautiful, infuriating man,” Cas said with a wet chuckle, pulling out a similar box and then opening it. The rings were practically identical. “You beat me by
“Your man?” Cas retorts, with a smirk.
(See the end of the chapter for
feel the same way, you know? And even if you could, I didn’t think it would be for me. But then all of a sudden Death was knocking at the door,
nly to hang up and throw it across the passenger seat which is painfully empty.
Their laughter petered out.
He checked the storage room, laundry room, the infirmary but came up empty all over again. Fear took hold, he was so consumed by it he almost ran into Eileen.
“She means, did you use your big boy God powers to snoop on your dad, genius?” Claire said flicking Jack on the forehead.
Claire and Jack break out laughing, almost falling over. Cas, the bastard, joins in. And in the bleary light of the rising sun, pouring in from the windows of Jody’s quaint suburban home, Sam wonders how the fuck did he get here?
Sam breaks into a smile.
“Oh? Well.” Dean replied, calm all of a sudden. “Must have been some other guy who confessed his undying love to you in the pouring rain.”
“He’s not here.”
Jesse just smiled, “You’re God, isn’t that enough?”
“No, I mean… maybe? They would just sound like regular dolphin noises to you guys, but to them and to me, they sound like names,” Jack answers while trying to stay as still as possible.
“Yeah, I’ve got the love you need Cas, more than enough,” Dean said with complete sincerity not caring for a second how cheesy it sounded.
Dean took a sip from his coke.
of my fiancé’s exes for the time being?” Cas looks like a grumpy old man, which again, Sam supposes is pretty accurate. Sam snickers again, as Dean turns crimson.
“I know how much you care about her Dean. Of course, I will.” Jack said with nothing but sheer sincerity in his voice, it made Dean breathe a little easier.
“Jesse? As in…?” Sam asks.
friend and I’m just asking, without any judgment. So, you can just tell me, alright?”
Sam’s face looks conflicted. Dean gets it. He was conflicted too.
“Don’t mention it, Cas.”
And another.
She laughed at that, “I’m sorry Dean,” she said, her hands moved, signing slowly for Dean’s benefit, “You’re really not my type.”
Cas and Dean follow his actions as they shrug.
“Don’t even mention it, kid,” Dean replies, with a watery laugh.
“He still hasn’t spoken to you?” Sam asked trying to maintain a casual tone, but the way Cas turned to look at him, he’d clearly failed.
“Well…
a trick. All I can say is that this, right now, feels pretty fucking real to me. There’s no point ruining it by wondering what happens next, why don’t we just enjoy this for however long we get to have it,” Dean murmured soothingly into Sam’s ear. He patted the back of Sam’s head one last time “I’ll always be here if you need reminders, alright?” and pulled away.
He’s met with more loud protest.
“Something on your mind, sweetheart?” Dean asked, light-hearted.
“You want to talk about it?” Sam asks politely. He has been there, time and again.
“It’s alright Dean.” Jack said calmly, “I told you before, I understand. I’m not Sam or Cas- “
Claire is breathing heavily, “Really? Now?”
Jack sighs putting down the blade back on the table. All three of the adults breathe easier. “I’m going to separate myself and Amara. Once she’s free, I’ll ask her, very nicely, to keep performing her role as the Darkness and take on the responsibility of maintaining the balance between the monsters and humans on my behalf. Once she—
“Okay, but what do we want with Jesse and his unclaimed soul?” Dean asked, walking over and pulling a chair. He was old and hungover and his heart hadn’t stopped beating a mile a minute since the conversation had started.
a coward.”
And eventually, Jack cries too.
“I’m serious, Dean.”
“You don’t?” Jack asks.
It was a simple gold band, with a carving inside that made Sam’s heart melt.
But the Winchesters’ triumph wasn’t only because of their unyielding morality but also because of something much simpler, more basic; family. They would walk to the ends of the Earth for not only each other but everyone they loved. And devotion like that would always inspire similar allegiances in return. They cared for others fiercely and were rewarded in kind, especially by an angel; the Angel of Thursday.
“Happy Birthday, darling.”
Sam and Cas simultaneously cock an eyebrow.
“Of course, Jack,” Cas replied calmly.
Cas followed closely behind, “One of the regrets I had to live through in that god-awful place was not spoiling Jack enough. So, take it or leave it, Samuel.”
“Really?”
“Hold on, hold on!” Dean interrupts. He exhales heavily, “Run us through it again.”
Sam looks back at Jack now, “I—I didn’t know that.” He looks utterly betrayed, “Why didn’t you wanna tell me?” Sam asks, confounded. “Is it cause I’m not cool enough for you anymore?” He sounds so genuinely hurt Jack would rush over if Claire didn’t have his hand in a vice grip.
“No,” Cas replied with determination.
“No. No. Everything is fine. They’re just… very… drunk and… wild,” Jack says and Dean’s not sure what he can hear in Jack’s voice but it’s not making Dean feel very giddy right about now. “I’m kind of scared, Dean.”
“What?” Sam asks.
The thing about the good times, Dean thinks is that they cannot last forever. The inherent meaning of having, of experiencing ‘good times’ means that they
He began walking, charm held out on his palm, shining dimly.
“I’m real Cas, please…” Dean’s voice was also a small broken thing, “I- I don’t have the right to ask you for it, but please, man. Just follow me one last time… Please.”
“What?” Dean throws back offended. “I can’t go to therapy?”
“Shouldn’t it?” Castiel asked, finally looking over at Dean, “You’ve chosen this life over all your other desires. You have sacrificed the things you would have wanted for yourself to devote yourself to saving others. As a matter of fact, just like Plant, you too have chosen your profession as a hunter over your greatest love.”
“What? WHAT?” Dean asked, lost.
“Why are you here, Dean?” Cas asks, resigned.
“I’m not being a wet blanket; I am just asking you to be careful while on a hunt. I do not believe that is a huge favor to ask,” Cas’s words are haphazard, Claire guesses he’s fighting the old bitch. “If you do intend to throw us bachelor parties, I’d prefer you did it alive. We’ve got enough ghosts for that wedding.”
“See him.” Jack completed for him.
“Maybe I- we just can’t get a perfect ending, you know?” Dean asked, looking intently anywhere but at Sam, “Maybe this is it. And we have to give up on the one fucking guy who never gave up on us.”
“I was going for shitfaced.”
But as much as he tries, he can’t. So, somewhat scared and hesitant, he looks down at his phone again and dials the number.
“What were you doing?” Jack asked, knowing the answer, not because he was God but because he knew Dean. He picked up a bowl and spoon, gathered everything, and walked over to the table and sat down opposite Dean.
Cas just eyes Dean warily, “As you said; it’s not over yet, my love.”
He tapped on her shoulder softly, offering her one, which she graciously accepted and then moved to sit in front of her.
Dean shuddered. And then turned to look at him in the eye for a long moment and then softly kissed him.
“I told you to stop asking stupid questions, Sam.
“I’m glad you had fun, sweetheart,” Dean replies, genuinely happy.
“You do realize you’re talking about the Almighty, right Sam?” Cas deadpanned.
Dean thinks back on his night. He thinks back on all the laughs and jokes and beer and Star Wars. He thinks back on his memories, he smiles and replies, “Yeah. Yeah, I did.”
“Extremely,” Castiel replied, voice laced with anger.
“If he hasn’t gone Darkside,” Dean added as he ran a frustrated hand over his face.
” Sam completed, with a sly smile. “Anyway, I need money for my therapy. So, just tell us, who proposed?”
“How?” Cas asked, genuinely curious.
Then another.
“Why wouldn’t he?” Claire asks. “They’ve already got matching outfits.”
Dean frowns, “Why?”
“What?” Sam, Jack, and Eileen asked in unison.
He ignores it.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m sorry-“ Castiel tried.
“You’re not real,” Cas replied, pulling Dean out of his trance.
“Where the hell is all this rebellion coming from?” Dean asked irritated.
“You want to talk?” Dean cannot contain the joy that blossoms inside of him. “I mean, yeah. We’ll talk. We will I promise… But you want to?”
Claire resumes working on her masterpiece, “Bueller here needed some help, matching his nails with the outfit for his date.”
“Really? Cas, dude, what the fuck?” Sam asked.
Cas is the one who breaks it, “What’re you doing up so late, Jack? Were you watching Naruto?”
“No. No. He didn’t say anything like that,” Cas replies quickly. At hearing that Sam sits back down. “It just feels like it. I can’t explain it. I mean you know better than anyone that I don’t quite understand how to navigate my emotions fully. I think I learned how to be human from Dean so this was quite inevitable, I suppose. But I have this feeling that Dean wants things to be different somehow. Maybe he doesn’t want me to make this a big deal, you know? He wants a quaint wedding but I’m forcing him into this huge event,” He adds.
“I’m not sure I remember…”
Dean laughs. “Sammy!” He screams.
So, he does. He takes the hand and lets his brother help him up.
“Yes.” Jack turned on the ignition, put the gear in drive, and pushed the accelerator. And they were off.
“That’s a ‘Fuck, yes!’” Dean patted his shoulder. There was a brief pause, and then “I’m real proud of you, Sammy.”
Once she hears a sniffle from across the line, she realizes she’s crying too.
Sam just nods.
for a moment. Fuck!”
“He was a smart-ass Demon, of course he counts as a bad guy,” Cas grumbles.
she agrees, the rest of the mechanisms are set in place. I’ve made new angels, with Naomi in charge they’ll oversee the functioning of the new Heaven I’ve made and Rowena will continue to rule over hell as she sees fit.”
Dean kissed him.
"You can let go now, okay? We’re done. It’s over. You can take a knee and go out and be a kid. You’re allowed that, Jack. Fuck, you’re owed that. You’ve done enough. You’ve done good. You can rest now, kid. I’m proud of you, alright? No matter what you do next; college, TP the shit outta Sam's ableist neighbour's house, backpack across Europe, whatever, I know I’ll
“Why?” Dean squealed.
She jumps up and sits on the counter next to where Cas is pouring the coffee. He wordlessly hands it over to her. Always her first. She takes it and watches as he brews himself another cup.
They stared at each other for a moment, and then Dean asked, “So that’s a yes then?”
“Are you really using that card right now?” Dean said getting up from his chair. Castiel knew was exactly what was coming next. As if on cue, “In that case, remember the leviathans?” There it was.
“If Dean can stop making heart eyes at Castiel and Sam doesn’t burn anything, then probably, yes,” Jack replied while signing perfectly. Being God apparently had some perks and Sam would be lying if he said he wasn’t jealous.
Cas bent his head and laid a gentle kiss on Dean’s belly. “For what it’s worth, you’re my greatest love as well.”
Sam just glares at him.
goes unsaid.
“I didn’t quite catch that,” Castiel remarks with a knowing smile, as he continues to softly caress Dean’s hair.
“You’re more than just my religion, Cas. You’re my—”
He ran a hand over the carving, sighing softly. A prayer made for an angel who probably wouldn’t be able to hear it.
Y'all, it's happening... My boys are getting married! *painful inhuman screeches*
“Alright. You remember how to do this?” Dean asked.
“You-“ Dean was absolutely astounded.
“Homophobic little shit,” Claire mutters, “All offense intended.”
Dean wants to laugh because right now, he isn’t sure he remembers what it feels like to be alive let alone a conversation that happened months ago.
“Yeah?” Sam replies without thinking.
So Castiel remains silent.
Dean realizes Cas isn’t acting at all; to him, Dean is in fact so very fucking precious. And the thought almost tears him up. But he’s cried enough for one day so he rushes in and makes his lips meet Cas’s. He kisses him, and kisses him, and kisses him until they both fall asleep.
He accepted with a smile, “No.” he sighed. “Dean?”
Cas glares at him and Dean looks back with pure innocence, “What?” He whines, “I’m just happy.”
Dean chuckles.
to win, Dean,” Cas replies nonchalantly.
While the kid doesn’t seem affected by the loudness, his expression is one of discomfort. He seems somewhat frozen, his fists clenched.
“Hate what?” Dean asks, curious.
Claire realizes belatedly. He’s afraid that Claire will resent him for thinking of her in such a way.
“Stop using those fucking air quotes, Cas,” Dean chides with absolutely no heat whatsoever.
“I understand, Dean,” Cas saves him,
“We each need to pick a Best Man and... Jack and Claire are the only ones left,” Cas replies calmly.
“We can talk about this,” Sam interjects, hands held up in defense.
Cas makes a noise of discontent but he nods at Jack, who steps down.
Dean was suddenly torn, between vehemently denying that Cas was not
having a chip on his shoulder, of
Dean laughed softly.
“Are you sure?”
He back to the library, but Cas wasn’t there.
Sam thinks he might tear up.
And that broke Sam’s trance, “Who the fuck didn’t, Dean?” Sam shouted just as loud as his brother.
Dean nods.
“Is this a no?” Sam asked. Dean turned at that. Sam looked him straight in the eye, smirking. “If that’s the case, I could always ask Cas.”
Dean finally realizes what that something else was. He, of all people, should’ve read it far quicker. It was protective righteous fury. It was strange and incomprehensible to Dean because he had never been on the receiving end of it
“If Amara doesn’t instantly kill us all for betraying her, that is?” Cas cuts in.
“Well, I suppose it has something to do with the fact that you’re the only religion I’ve had since I first held you in my arms in hell,” Castiel wonders aloud, lips touching Dean’s forehead as he speaks.
“Man, I can’t believe you knew,” Dean said.
“Yeah well, I just defeated God, a few months ago, I’m on a fucking rebellious streak,” Dean answered with a smirk, “Besides, you got more than you bargained for. You got Death. Let Cas go, or-”
Cas sighs. Dean realizes it’s to gather up his patience. And the thought makes him resentful. However, he is unsure whether the resentment is aimed at Cas or himself. He’s more unsure of why it would be aimed at either of them.
Eventually, though, this life, his brother, the makeshift family he’d collected, made him realize he was indeed different. Not because he was somehow
“Obviously you’d say that, you’re the one enabling him,” Sam countered, setting down the batter and grabbing the butter from the fridge.
Dean chuckled in response, “Worth a shot though?”
“What?”
“What?” He shouts in defense.
“I know, alright? I know. But apparently, they’re all making a mess out there… and they may or may not be getting arrested. So, we gotta wrap it up. Come on! Move your damn asses,” Dean shouts back.
“Maybe… Or maybe…”
“Spill it, kid,” Dean says.
“I am God, I could just find out, you know?” Jack said with a smirk.
“-I understand that it makes you uncomfortable.” Castiel barrelled on, “but I fail to see, what I can do to correct the situation. I can’t undo it and I
Dean wishes he could drown in the guilt he feels pushing down on him. He never knew Cas was hurting all this time. He didn’t even realize it. He thought he was not like that younger, more brash Dean, but some things can’t be unlearnt unless actively working on them. Some old habits do die painfully hard and require a fuck tonne of effort. Dean needs to put in that effort. Not just for Cas’s sake, but also for his sake, so he can at least look himself in the mirror and not see John Winchester instead.
“Mine,” Jack added calmly.
“I still think it has to be Cas,” Eileen said, signing.
And what the hell is that supposed to mean?
“Mom knew too?” Dean asked.
“If you want to fix this… Do you? Want to fix this?”
“Well… To be very honest, I am not quite sure what I am? If that makes sense…” Cas says unnervingly unsure.
“Haha. Can we get back to the topic at hand?” Dean was getting annoyed; his heart was doing backflips and he didn’t know if he should let himself hope. After two months and eighteen days, hope felt dangerous. Because if he did let himself hope, and it all went to shit anyway, he isn’t sure all the alcohol in the world would help him fix it. “Why the fuck are we making a deal?”
“Well, you ain’t asking, so shut up. And come back.”
“Cas, what’s wrong?” Dean asked softly, his hand resting gently on Cas’s elbow.
“Jumbo pack of nougat?” came a voice from behind the boys.
Yes, I'm aware Pastor Jim is dead... but like, my story, my rules? I thought it made more sense for it to be him. So I'm just gonna ignore canon (again).
It was pretty early in the morning. They were all sitting in the War Room, in fuzzy pajamas. Eileen was on Sam’s lap. Dean’s legs were resting on Cas’s lap as he massaged Dean’s feet, absentmindedly. There was a decent-sized tree in the corner, with a small angel on the top, on which Eileen and Jack had cut and taped a small photo of Cas’s face.
a home,” He sighed, “But then I met you, I fought, I rebelled, eventually I fell and became human.”
And Claire has to smile at that. “You’re such a goody-two-shoes,” She taunts as she follows.
Cas looked up at him, eyes glistening, and after a brief pause said, “Okay, Sam.”
It had been a week since Cas had dragged his now, very human ass out of the Empty, Dean following behind with seething anger. All four of them had made their way back to the bunker from Death’s Reading Room. And Claire, for all her displays of indifference, had run over and crushed Cas in a tight embrace.
Dean got up, walked over, set his coke on the table next to Sam’s. Put both his hands on Sam’s shoulder, turning him. They stood there, face to face. And then Dean pulled him in for a hug, with a gentle hand on the back of Sam’s neck. Sam was shocked for a moment. Took a second to adjust. And then sagged onto his brother, hugging back fiercely.
Dean chuckles.
“Did becoming God make you a better driver?” Dean asked genuinely curious, kid was doing way better than the last time.
When Sam was a wee little baby boy, 6 months old, all chubby cheeks and drool, he was infected with Demon blood, and the Demon who did it, burnt his house down to the ground but his elder brother had saved him, carrying him out and promising to keep him safe. His mother, however, hadn’t made it out. And, in a way, neither had his father.
“I’m a grown-ass man, I don’t throw fits.” Dean defended.
Sam finally sees the severity of the dilemma. It is Cas’s turn. However, whoever he picks, will essentially be considered his favorite of the two. On top of that, he’d also lose the other. Suddenly Sam realizes. “You picked Garth on purpose,” Sam says slowly, as he struck with the scheme his brother had arranged. “So it would be on Cas to pick one of them, making him the bad guy if either of them is offended.”
“So you Ro-Sham-Bo’d, who gets to call dibs first?” Sam asks, sitting down.
Sam’s chuckle is gone, “Why would you say that? He say that to you? I’m gonna kill him.” Sam’s already on his feet, looking for a shotgun.
And Sam feels like he’s been hit a truck. Guess even after all these years, there are things about his brother he really doesn’t know. Huh. “He wants to marry you, Cas. No one who spends four hours trying to find the exact color you said you liked unless they want to marry you.”
“Oh, fuck.” Dean whispered, finally realizing what he had just said.
Dean stepped closer, put a tentative hand on Castiel’s face, guiding him gently to look up. Their eyes locked. Castiel finally noticed the tears rolling down his cheek. But Dean was smiling. “Don’t ever play poker, Cas,”
“Yes,” Eileen replied without hesitance. Again, honesty is important but man, Sam’s cheek is going to be sore for a while if she keeps going. “But isn’t all family shitty that way?” she continued with a smile. “You’ll move heaven and hell to bring him back, because you miss him, because he’s your best friend who believes in you and because he makes your brother happy. If that’s not what family does, then I don’t know what it means to be family at all.”
voice just creeps back up and ruins everything.” His fists are closed tight by the time he’s done talking.
Everyone began pulling out their wallets (except Jack) and handing 50 bucks each to Sam who accepted them all triumphantly.
Dean looked up from his book, “Hey kid,” he said smiling, “What are you doing here this late?”
So, Dean continues, “Honestly, I don’t think I have a solution. If I did, I would have used it myself. I still have nightmares about hell and the Mark, and Purgatory, and watching Sam die, about Chuck and… losing you.” Cas squeezed his hand once, an affirmation that he is going nowhere, not again. Dean soaks it up, imbued with resolution adds, “So I’ll give you this instead; I’ll be here. I might not be the best at words. I mean I’m fifty shades of emotionally constipated but I’ll always listen.
“I mean…”
If the world had stopped before, then in that moment Castiel felt his heart stop beating.
Eileen’s face morphed into a soft, awful smile. “I understand. Sometimes I think Cas stuck around for the same reason as well.”
“You guys,” Jack replied with a smile. And Dean had to smile at that, the unwavering faith this kid had in his makeshift family was enough to write ballads about, it even made Dean swoon.
“I said, the outside world can go screw itself silly,” Dean says. He then climbs a bit higher on the bed, where he’s tangled up with Castiel in a mess of limbs and sheets, and settles himself on Castiel’s lap, with his head laid onto his shoulder, facing him and planting small kisses along his neck. “I’m staying here.” And he moves close to Castiel’s ear, adds with a barely-there whisper, “Stay with me.”
“What do you get the guy who has everything?” Dean asked rhetorically, “Whatever the fuck you can.”
“What I mean is that everyone, no matter how strong, is allowed to need help once in a while,” Jack replies softly. “Have you considered getting help?”
They drive off smiling.
“Yes,” Jack says.
“Well, I don’t—maybe,” Jack answers.
There is a palpable silence in the room. Cas looks like he wishes he had never been created into existence, while Claire looks on, stone-faced. And the silence persists until… Sam bursts out laughing and Claire joins in. Cas remains confounded and somewhat scared.
"Jerk."
old,” Sam defends.
“I had something to talk about. Thought I'd swing by. But then I walked in on this,” Sam says walking in and standing in front of the two men. “Why’d you call me?”
“And I’ve already bought your Christmas present. And it’s a good one, so…” Sam added slyly.
There are cops everywhere, and the entire place is covered in so much glitter Dean thinks he’ll not only be a fairy but also look like one on his wedding day.
Dean’s determination breaks, “I’m different. I’m—”
But unlike Dean, Cas isn’t a broken self-hating repressed little bitch boy with daddy issues, so he asks, “I’m only asking because everything seemed alright when I left a couple of minutes ago.” Cas moves forward just a bit. He reaches out slowly, “I don’t like seeing you this way. I’m only asking if you’re alright, my love… You seem–”
“Who did you think those tickets are for? Your
“Lost a parent at a young age? Check. The other one became an absentee parent cause they couldn't cope with the trauma and died as well? Check. Anger management issues? Check. Abandonment issues? Check. Wanting to be a hunter to fix some aspect of this fucked up world? Check. Suck at school? Check. Swear like a sailor? Check. Oh and queer as fuck? Check.” Claire states calmly.
“Whatever John believed about you speaks to what kind of an asshole he was. Not you. Our parents don’t define who we are, Dean. We do. And as for what you said to Cas, that doesn’t define you either… not completely. Not yet. You can fix it.” Claire replies.
dog loved Cas.
“There’s a backdoor entry, through Death’s Reading Room,” Sam replied with a smirk, “That’s probably why Billie was hiding from it on Earth.”
Dean took a bite, and okay, it wasn’t great. The filling of apples needed more sugar, and the crust wasn’t a bit hard but-
“Can we focus on the job at hand?” Cas screams from across the graveyard as he swings the crowbar and watches the ghost dissipate into nothing.
And purely because he was an asshole, he teased, "And my room's not that far from yours... voice carries pretty easy in these halls."
Yes, this is awfully late but I'm actually pretty damn swamped at work. And I don't know I couldn't write this well enough for me to be satisfied. This is my seventh draft and I still think it could be better. But hey, let me know what you think? I'd love to hear your opinions as usual. It'll help me gauge if I'm overthinking or fairly assessing my work. Thanks a bunch, hope you like it.
And then Amara laughs, “There’s always that.” She turns back, climbing, “I’ll see you around, Nephew.” She opens the door, “And
Cas however, unfazed by Dean’s silence, continues, “He obviously had a thing for you. And obviously, I cannot blame him. Just like I don’t blame Benny. But I quite liked Benny. Crowley though…” Cas scowls.
Dean gets out of the car, rushes over to where Claire is leaning on her own Chevy Camaro, and begins looking around hopelessly for an ex-angel who isn’t there. So she says as much.
Dean finally realizes that he is sobbing.
“They’re in Lebanon, so not that far. I’ll be nearby if need be, but I don’t think there will be a need.” Cas finally stopped, picked a jar of Jelly from the shelf, and began examining it intently, “Why is this so expensive? I should start looking for a job… Do you think the price difference reflects greatly upon the taste?” He asked turning towards Sam, finally noticing the shock on his face.
“Yes,” Cas replied easily, still pacing.
Cas meanwhile was examining his own ring, “As you wish,” he read out the inscription with a wet small sob.
Cas shifts closer towards Dean and slowly begins stroking his hair. Cas runs his callused palms made rough through years, millennia of fighting battles he rather hadn’t, across Dean’s scalp and Dean feels like, again, for what must be the hundredth time, he understands the sentiment ‘
Originally this chapter was 11K.  Now it's just over 2K.  Ha! But it's kinda a big mouthful, so I thought I'd do an uncharacteristically short chapter.  The next one will be the remaining 9K.
Gabriel appeared in front of him next, “Come on, Doc. Stay tough. Don’t stop,” Dean didn’t even blink in acknowledgment. If there was one thing these three ghosts hated, it was being ignored. They wanted to be left in peace to haunt, that was for sure, but they still loved attention. And for the last couple of weeks, Dean had given them that, in abundance.
The room was dead silent.
While the other witches were distracted, Cas grabbed one of the displayed brooms off the wall, “Ruby!” he called, getting her attention.
“Oh great,” Dean muttered as they approached City Hall, “How are we gonna find mom and dad in this place?” they ran into the building.
“How did he die, Mr. Morgenstern?” Cas asked.
“This,” Meg finished with a hiss. With that last word, Gabriel fell to the floor, crying in pain. His cries soon turned into the panicked sounds of a cat. The witches looked down in satisfaction at the sight before them.
The witches screamed as Sam and Dean locked the door and Cas started up the kiln. Dean and Cas watched the witches burn.
“Children,” Roman called them to their seats, “Sir.”
Dean could barely breath, “You’ve actually seen him?”
If anyone has any objections…” Roman said, just for the sake of tradition, as Castiel put the poisoned wine to his lips. The door swung open as a few drops of wine spilled into his mouth.
“Funny how time flies when you’re dead!” Ruby laughed. The others cackled, Sam joining in, trying hard to make his laugh seem realistic.
Digging through her duffle bag, she started separating the clothes into ‘clean’ and ‘dirty’ piles. She was getting so invested in the process, that she didn’t notice the little ghost floating up behind her.
Claire set off in search of a costume, while Dean went back to his coffee, “Scream, or sugar?” Gabriel asked in a very hospitable voice as the other two laughed. Dean just rolled his eyes and continued to ignore them. It wasn’t time for their session yet.
To cover his ears, Balthazar, who had been holding Abaddon’s book, was forced to drop it.
Sam rushed over to where Dean had fallen. His lifeforce was no longer surrounding his body, and he was slowly getting up. Sam threw himself into his arms, “I love you, jerk,” he cried.
“Dean, it’s not your fault,” Cas said. Sam let out a little scream, causing the older boys to look back at the flattened cat…that was inflating.
“Cut the crap! If you don’t show yourself right now, I’m gonna have you arrested for trespassing!”
Sam gave him a bitchface and said, “Dean, I’m not kidding this time! It’s time to go!”
“Good morning!” he said, cheerfully, trying to appear as nonthreatening as possible. When he saw her eyes widen and knew she was about to scream, he quickly wrapped himself around her face, cutting her off, “Oh, no, no! Please don’t scream, I promise I won’t hurt you. I’m a ghost, yes. I admit it, but I’m a friendly ghost! You have to trust me. If you scream, you’ll wake up my uncles, and they get awfully cranky,” Jack waited until her eyes got a little less wide, “I’m gonna let you go now, okay?” as soon as she nodded, he unwrapped himself, and floated a few feet away, trying to appear as harmless as possible.
The door creaked open ominously and they were greeted with years’ worth of dust and cobwebs. Cas and Sam couldn’t stop coughing when they walked in.
“It’s all right. It’s just me.”
Jack looked over from the window seat, “Do you think it’s gonna stop raining soon?”
“The deed to the house. It’s yours. Do with it what you will; sell it, keep it, do whatever makes you and your family happy. And thank you…thank you all, so much.” And with those final words, he walked over to Michael. It was time for them to go. The two men didn’t let go of each other’s hands as they were lifted into the light of heaven.
Abaddon was the last to turn around. Her hair was as red as blood, and piled in an elegant bun on top of her head. Her lips rivaled her hair in color, and her skin didn’t have a single blemish. Her clothes were by far the finest, beautiful mixtures of greens and purples gave her dress a stunning effect. She looked in a small hand mirror, “Well…younger…but it’s a start!” she cheered. The sisters laughed happily as they took themselves in.
“Dad, I’m afraid of spiders, I can’t kill it!” Dean rubbed his temples and knelt in front of his son.
Abaddon waited for him to go on, “And?”
Jack’s head was spinning. Claire’s papa was an angel, his dad still looked after him, he could potentially remake the formula that brings ghosts back to life, and he would be able to go to the dance. The little ghost was amazed he was still conscious, “So, does that mean I have until midnight?”
“That’s where you’re wrong,” the short man laughed, “Some of us are already dead!”
They went on like this for another minute before another small hand grabbed the magazine and killed the spider on the window with one quick whack.
Lucifer scoffed, but released his nephew. Jack hurried over to the refrigerator where he had left the three meals. He piled the plates in his arms, one stacked with chocolate chip pancakes and strawberry syrup, with a whipped cream smiley face for Gabriel. Eggs, bacon, sausage, French toast, and coffee for Lucifer. And an egg white spinach omelet for Sam. The three ghosts immediately started tearing into the meals as Jack started to clean the kitchen.
“Lawrence…Kansas.”
“Um…Dad?”
“No!” Dean protested, stopping him in his tracks, “He’s a good zombie.” Cas threw his stick down, a little dejected while Sam walked up to Cain.
“You!”
Gabriel walked Castiel down to the ballroom. He truly looked beautiful in the white suite, and his hair had been combed neatly. He was even wearing a very slight layer of makeup to accentuate his angelic features. He was truly breathtaking, but the tears in his blue eyes took away from his looks.
“Don’t drink it Sammy!” Gabe screamed from the bag. Just like with Anna, he was helpless to save him.
Jack’s eyes widened, “I am?” he asked, fearfully.
“The master is not well,” Roman said, in a hushed voice, “He needs to leave this place. He needs to move on. It is of the gravest importance, I assure you. Or else I fear the very worst.”
“It sucked!” Dean said, stomping past them to the stairs.
Abaddon shot two small streams of lightning at the teen boy. He was knocked to the ground, and could barely move. Ruby painfully got to her feet, growling at the boy when she stopped short, “Abi…Abi…look,” she pointed to their ‘guest of honor.’
“We can’t be rude, Cas,” Dean said.
“The master likes a great many things. Art, literature, beauty.”
Crowley offered Dean a hand, “I’m a close, personal friend.”
Jack’s eyes widened. His dad wasn’t afraid of anything, “You are?!”
He carefully made his way over to the cottage. It was two stories and made of stone. There was a small creek that ran next to it, and there was a mill attached. He creeped over to a window and peered inside.
Roman gave up the lie, “Your union was unacceptable. I tried to warn you, but you wouldn’t listen.”
“Somebody gave him the wrong letter,” Dean muttered under his breath.
Jack laughed a bit, “It kinda happens when you don’t have any skin.”
“I come here every night.”
As she stood up from the table, three ghostly voices started to sing, “It’s my party and I’ll die if I want to! Die if I want to!” before bursting out into ghoulish laughter. Claire glared at the general direction their voices had come from. She knew if they had it their way, they would ruin the party for her. She kneeled down next to her dad’s chair.
“What’s all this?” Sam asked, annoyed, but really not surprised.
Dean glanced at his daughter. She didn’t seem scared, and even gave him an encouraging nod, “…Yeah, okay,” he nervously agreed. The ghost gave a friendly smile and floated back over to the stove. Dean rushed to sit next to Claire, “You okay, Honey?” Claire nodded, obviously as surprised as he was.
“Yes, I’m very scared! Now please open the door, son!”
Castiel smiled, a very rare smile and leaned towards the little ghost, “Cinderella wasn’t twelve-years old,” and with his message sent, Castiel touched two finger’s to Jack’s transparent head, and a bright white light erupted throughout the room.
“To take gorgeous creatures such as yourselves to your most forbidden desires,” he flirted.
“How about you guys relax out here, and tonight we’ll eat al fresco?” Jack suggested.
“It ain’t often we meet a bonebag as amusin’ as you,” Gabriel agreed. Dean just continued to ignore them, and continued packing. The trio stared at him. If they were anyone else, they might even say they were concerned.
“Me neither,” Jack shrugged.
“All you seem to care about anymore is work,” Cas said tiredly. This fight was a long time coming.
“What do you mean?”
Ruby walked over to where Abaddon was casting, “Abi…I smell a child.”
Jack turned on the tv in her room, setting the channel to the story on Dr. Winchester. She didn’t notice, still caught up in the argument, “Look, I have had a very long and trying day. Do you think you could bring me a pint of Ben and Jerry’s ice cream, the Tonight Dough, and a Diet Pepsi? Do you comprehend what I am asking for? Do you think you can handle that? Now you want me to hold. Fine.”
Things had just become a bit more complicated for Abaddon.
“Daylights savings time.”
“How late?” Dean asked with narrow eyes.
“Boo!”
“There’s a light switch around here somewhere,” Cas said, feeling along the wall, his already gravelly voice more rough than usual. Dean squinted at the counter that held the ancient cash register. There was a small stand on the counter that held collectable cigarette lighters.
Lucifer gave an apologetic and appreciative look at Dean, who gave an understanding nod. He now knew exactly how the man felt. He would do anything for Castiel to return to him, too.
“No.”
“Hello!” a young, male voice called out.
“I will ask thee one final time!”
Cas laughed, “You’ll probably scare them to death. Let’s just go, it’s getting late.”
“Me neither! No way!” Gabriel sobbed as he tossed his rifle aside, ignoring it as it went off and shot a hole in the ceiling.
“Thank you, Dean,” Abaddon said, smirking at the stage, “For that marvelous introduction!” she began to sing when the spotlight found her and her sisters. Sam, Dean, and Cas were helpless to do anything but watch as the witches cursed most of the adults in Salem to dance until they died. Including their parents. They ran out of City Hall. They ran a few blocks down the street before turning down an alley. Dean yelled before kicking a trashcan and slapping the brick wall.
“Your unfinished business.”
“Dad! Put me down! What are you doing, this is insane!” Dean ignored her, continuing to scramble through the hallway, “I can walk, you know?”
“Well…I was sort of volunteered to host the school’s Halloween dance.”
“It was my mom’s.”
“Excuse me, but this is a big opportunity for all of us!”
Dean shook his head, he had heard enough, “All right, that’s enough; where’s my husband.”
“Dean, I want to see her turn to dust!” before either boy could say anything else, a broken whistle caught their attention. Sam looked up to see Cas standing by their dad’s 1967 Chevrolet Impala, whistling frantically, and pointing at the car, “Never mind, let’s go!” he said, realizing that what the witches had thought was sunrise, were actually the impala’s headlights.
“But he can’t die, remember?!” the distraught boy shouted, “Wake up, Gabe! Wake up! Like last time!”
“…A child,” Ruby said sheepishly.
“Dad…Dad, don’t you remember?” Claire begged as she walked over to the ghostly form of her father. She held up a pinky.
“Mr. Morgenstern, may I ask you something?”
“Like…being born. Only backwards. I remember, I didn’t go where I was supposed to go. I just stayed behind, so my dad wouldn’t be lonely. And my uncles stayed behind with me, because they weren’t able to protect me. It was all my fault. If I had just gone home when Uncle Sam had told me it was time…if I hadn’t begged over and over for this sled. I didn’t need it. You saw my playroom, I had everything. I didn’t need anything else. But Dad just never wanted to say no to me. He was always determined to give me the best life possible, especially after mom died. And then, when he eventually died, he was reunited with me. I guess you could say it was his own unfinished business, so he was able to cross over. I’m the one keeping my uncle’s here,” Claire looked up in shock, “My unfinished business is the life I didn’t get to live. The friends I never made, the family I was never able to build. My life itself, is my unfinished business, and I won’t ever be able to cross over, because there is no way fo me to have that. And my uncle’s unfinished business was keeping me safe. They can’t leave until I do. I ruined everything, for so many people.”
Gabe shook his head, “Take good care of Sammy, Dean. You’ll never know how precious he truly is…until you lose him.” Gabe went to leave.
They were walking down the elegant staircase, and Dean couldn’t help but ask, “Hey, Roman, I was wondering, have you ever been to a tanning salon? I sold the house of the owner of a really good salon, and they could get you a nice, even tan,” he knew it was rude, but the man was so pale he looked dead!
“Go ahead,” he smiled, pointing at a nearby mirror.
Dean shrugged, and they began to walk back to the car. A screeching stopped them.
“Waiting!? For what!?”
“Thank you,” Castiel replied.
Dean finally opened a door, and rushed the two of them inside, carefully placing Claire on her feet, “Oh man,” he muttered to himself, “I mean, this is huge.”
“Sisters, sing,” Abaddon commanded. They began to sing the beginning of a curse.
Dean pursed his lips. He knew his daughter was lonely, and he knew that this wasn’t a healthy life style for anyone, let alone a preteen girl, “Honey, you will,” Claire scoffed again, clearly not believing him. Dean honestly couldn’t fault her, “I mean, come on. We’re moving to Friendship, Maine. Even I might make one,” he joked.
“Yes.”
Life is waiting, not too shy,
Crowley had had enough as he set the chest down, “Ah, Abaddon. How kind of you to drop in. You know, if there’s one thing I’ve learned from you, it’s; always kick ‘em when they’re down, and baby…you’re six feet under! Oh, what a shame,” he stalked up to the Lazarus, and pulled the vial from its compartment. He gave it a look, “Sorry sweetheart. We’re through,” he went to smash the capsule, only to stop when Abaddon gasped.
“Uh oh,” Dean said, before all Hell broke loose.
“Stuff?” the teacher said, not happy with his assessment.
“My potion!” the eldest witch cried, angrily.
Alex wasn’t happy as she made her way down the cracked pathway leading away from the manor’s front door. Henry was waiting for her right outside the gate, “So, did you ask her?”
She found her way into another bedroom. This one, thankfully, only had one full bed. There was a private bathroom and a balcony overlooking the ocean below it. The ceiling had a fascinating spiral that centered in the light fixture. It almost looked less dusty than the rest of the house, which she wasn’t going to complain about. This room would be perfect for her. She dropped her bags on the floor and plopped down on the surprisingly comfy mattress, and called out, “Dad! I found my room!”
“Mm-hmm.”
Dean chuckled at his daughter’s sass, but agreed, “Twenty minutes tops,” and without another word, he walked down into the crypt. It smelled like death, that was for sure, but he could honestly say that he had never seen anything like it. There were dozens of tombs lining the walls, with a small bridge over the murkiest water he had ever seen. He looked around the crypt and struggled to remember what Pamela had told him, “Okay, what did the gypsy lady say…look for a crypt…look for a crypt…”
“1995,” he answered, hesitantly. She gasped.
“Wrong boy,” Ruby said, sheepishly, “Sorry Abi…”
“…Here’s the thing…if I do, don’t scream, okay? I get that a lot…”
“It just so happens that Halloween is based on the ancient feast called All Hallows Eve. It’s the one night of the year where the spirits of the dead can return to Earth,” Dean looked over at the person who spoke. Castiel Novak. Shy and smart, but gorgeous. The class cheered him on as Dean tore a piece of paper out of his notebook.
“Smash it and he dies!” she held him by the throat. Cas knew what Dean was going to do before he did. He tried to stop him, but Cain held him back. They all watched in shock as Dean poured the potion into his own mouth.
“You didn’t,” Cas assured.
“Because of me, my little sister’s life was stolen…for years I waited for my life to end, so I could be reunited with my family. But, Abaddon’s curse of immortality kept me alive. Finally, I figured out what to do with my life. I’d failed Anna, but I wouldn’t fail again. When Abaddon and her sisters returned, I’d be there to stop them. For three hundred years, I guarded that house on Halloween night, I knew some airhead virgin might light that candle,” he glared at Dean when he said that. Dean just rolled his eyes.
As Dean pushed the doors open, he dared to allow himself to hope they were telling the truth.
Claire got Jack back on track, “So, where’s this Lazarus thing?”
“Yeah? And why not?” Dean asked, angrily.
“Why do you not remember?!”
“Hey, if you wanna kill me, kill me. But when I come over to the other side, I’m gonna be kicking your ass for all eternity, so maybe you should read this before you stab somebody,” Dean said, pulling Michael’s letter out of his pocket.
The butler laughed before attacking Dean, “How wonderful. You’re going to kill a ghost.”
Before Abaddon could agree, Ruby grabbed her broom, “Sisters, since this promises to be a most stressful evening, I suggest a calming circle.”
“Sounds great,” Lucifer agreed, before asking, “Who’s that?”
“He seems a bit proper.”
“I thought you weren’t into Halloween,” he said.
Cas’s eyes widened, “In the first place, we weren’t even supposed to be here! We were supposed to be at the lake!”
“Yes! You don’t have to be scared of death anymore! One minute you’ll be a ghost; next you’re back on your feet, free to come and go as you please! Hell, you could even fly through—”
They all flinched as the bus bumped up and down, “Speedbump!” the driver announced.
“Dean! Let us out of here!” Dean just looked at his shoes on Crowley’s feet. He pulled them off with a smirk before kicking over the cauldron with the potion. He dragged Sam out the door before he stopped saying.
Cas blushed, and grabbed some candy from the bowl, putting it into Sam’s bag, “I’m really into monsters. Werewolves, vampires, witches, you name it.”
While this happened, Abaddon looked at her book, “Book,” she summoned. As the book started to float off the ground, the black cat jumped on it and glared with its whiskey eyes.
“Oh, you must stay for supper,” he flinched when Meg made a hungry noise at the suggestion as she caressed his throat.
“He wanted to be with him,” Sam muttered, putting a comforting hand on Gabriel’s shoulder.
“Trunk?”
“Yes Abi, sorry,” the one in red, Ruby, walked over to the cauldron. She picked up a large wooden spoon and looked over to where the witch in purple was standing by a ladder, “I notice sister Meg isn’t helping.”
“The ‘Up and At’em’ Machine. My dad was a really great inventor, but he had a little trouble getting going in the morning.”
“Would you like a divorce?”
Dean went to hug them, “Pay attention to how cold the room gets, and if there are any leaks.”
“Goodbye bye life.”
“Brave little virgin who lit the candle,” she said with a flirty look at Dean, “I’ll be thy friend.”
Devest thee of thy wormy bed,
“Hell no!” he said before following the others down into the hole, “What is this place, Gabe?” he asked, taking out the lighter. The room they were in was dank and musty. There were roots dangling from the ceiling.
“There’s only one problem,” Claire started, “How do we get out of here?”
“Come out my dear,” Abaddon said, in a sing song voice, “We will not harm you.”
Claire looked down at herself in awe. The dress was definitely too big, but she still felt beautiful in it, “Oh wow,” she said, obviously impressed.
“I was—I was—I don’t remember,” Jack honestly sounded shocked, as if he had never thought about it before.
He had had enough, “Okay, that’s it,” he said, picking up the gypsy ball, “That’s the last stray, I’ve had enough of this nonsense.”
“What!?” she asked, angrily.
“Yes! I tried to protect you! All these years I sacrificed for you! but what would you understand of sacrifice, beauty, and honor!? You loved him!? Well damn you! damn you all to Hell!"
“Master!” they cheered. They ran up to the front door of the house, leaving their broomsticks by the white picket fence, and curtseyed.
Claire couldn’t help it. She screamed.
“Don’t mind if I do,” Dean said, looking around the impressive library as Roman poured high quality whiskey into a gorgeous crystal glass, “Thank you very much, Roman,” he said, taking the glass, and drinking the whiskey. He didn’t drink all that much nowadays, but this was probably some of the best he’d ever had. He gave an appreciative hum, as he continued to drink, savoring the taste, “So Roman, how long have you been a butler?”
Jesse thought for a second, “I could live with that.”
“Don’t be goofin’ on Cas. He’s as nice a person as they come. He’s always treated you right, huh, Gabriel?” Dean looked up from where he was unpacking what was left from his pictures. Did these ghosts…know Cas? Was Cas really a ghost? Would they tell him anything?
“Let us out of here!” Al pleaded.
He finally made it home, slamming open the back door and passing his parents, who were unpacking the last of the kitchen stuff.
“What wedding!? He can’t marry him! Lucifer’s dead, Cas isn’t!”
Ruby, who had lost the toss, walked out with the vacuum. She gave a long-suffering sigh and lifted it into the air, “Broom ho!” she shouted, forcing the vacuum between her legs and grunting at the uncomfortable feeling.
“A boy!” Meg shouted.
Dean watched him go with a smile before looking at the paper in his hand. He unfolded it and his heart dropped when he saw, Dean Winchester; 1-866-907-3235. Cas had given back his phone number. Dean crumpled up the paper and tossed it into a nearby garbage can before getting started on the ride home.
“Well…” Cas started, walking over to his family, “Some people have pools…others have private cemeteries…it happens.”
Gabriel was watching all of this from the loft. He saw Ruby stop and scent the air. He was barely able to roll out of sight by the time she looked up at the loft.
After Dean went upstairs to tell the kids about the lake, the phone rang. It was someone looking to sell their house. Cas quickly took down their information and listened to the young sounding man on the other end talk.
“It is their concern, Sam, they’re involved!” Gabriel’s smile disappeared as he shouted up at the taller man. Before either man could say anything else, they heard footsteps coming up the stairs.
Flames darted up from the artificial candles with the shattered bulb. A fire sprang up in the fireplace and underneath the cauldron. They heard a cackle and went to hide as the door burst open, nearly hitting Cas, who was behind it, in the face.
“Cause I’m your brother,” Sam finally looked up at him, and couldn’t contain his laughter at Dean’s exaggerated pout, “Let’s go, jerk.”
“Gabriel! Watch the road!” he screamed, a little too late as a low hanging branch hit the driver and passenger. It didn’t hurt as Sam’s head and shoulders were brushed away with Gabriel’s scalp, but it felt weird and was a really unpleasant experience. He pulled the reigns from Gabriel’s hands, “Move over!”
“But dad, we have a problem!” Claire tried to explain.
Castiel didn’t answer, choosing instead to get to the reason for his visit, “That was a very noble thing you did tonight, Jack. I know Claire will never forget it. She needs her father, very much. And I know yours will never forget it either,” Jack’s eyes widened at the mention of his father. Castiel knew him? “You managed to fulfill his greatest dream tonight. And I know he is very, very proud of you,” Jack’s eyes started to well up with tears that threatened to overflow. Jack didn’t cry often, and as a general rule, neither did most ghosts. But knowing that his father would be proud of him, and knowing he still cared enough to watch over him…it was special to Jack in a way he hadn’t thought he would need. Castiel continued speaking, “And for what you’ve done tonight, I’m giving you your dream in return,” Jack’s head shot up in shock, so fast that if he were still alive, he would’ve given himself whiplash. Castiel went on, “But it’s just for tonight. I’m not allowed to make long-term changes yet. Although your father did want me to tell you that the answers are all in the lab, and it is possible to make more. But you have to work very hard, and it can’t be used on any ghost other than the ones who live in this mansion, though I’m not sure if your uncles would want to take a chance. They seem very happy where they are, although they might change their minds eventually. But for tonight at least, it’s a bit of a Cinderella deal.”
