“Hey, I got you a little something for the meat hangover, by the way.” Dean hands Castiel the remains of his hamburger so he can rifle through the convenience store bags. The fluttery plastic sings at the touch of his fingers. “We got ultra strength Tums, we got Pepto, we got GasX. And when all else fails: an eight-pack of Canada Dry to soothe your little tummy after you harf it all up.”
“Right, Dean,” Cas says, easily accepting that Dean’s just decided it’s apocalypse-fighting-buddy cuddle time.
“He’s always calling me that,” Dean says, forcing a chuckle. “You know how sometimes the name your parents gave you is the most intimate pet name of all?”
Dean chuckles, just as Castiel had hoped he would. He comes back over to where Castiel is standing and rests his fingers on the hamburger wrapper near Castiel’s. The air burns, cool and stinging, in the space where they almost touch.
They turn to see Mrs. Claus, silver emergency blanket around her shoulders, staring at them in bafflement.
like that just isn’t something you do, and every time Dean means to, he somehow forgets to get the words out.
As far as undercover gigs go, it’s not bad. He tossed a red-and-green knitted scarf around Cas’s shoulders before they left and called it good. Alias: normal people at Christmastime.
now, “since we’ve had a pretty rough year. I, uh, got attacked by a dog, and my fella here, he nearly died from a gas leak, our whole house exploded -- and we’re finally getting back on our feet. And I’m sure our little Sammy will be over the moon about a tree like this.”
“Can I help you, gentlemen?” asks a middle-aged lady dressed like Mrs. Claus, a cheerful smile on her face as she bustles over to them.
“Oh,” says Dean, “we are in for a good time. Sammy, we’re stopping at Blockbuster. Jumanji-Carrie double feature.”
“Sure, we’ll take one,” says Dean, who decides he needs to teach this guy a thing or two about the holiday spirit.
Castiel laughs, imagining Sam with sock hands. The Sam in his head is the Sam he knows; he has to remember to consider what he might have looked like as a child. It’s still hard to wrap his mind around the concept of being young and getting older.
They stare at the Christmas tree, appraising their enemy. It’s weird, man. First evil wreaths, now this? Raging pagan entities have got to chill out about this holiday. Aren’t they supposed to be the hippies?
Mrs. Claus seems to have decided she accepts their gigantic son. “Your fathers had such a lovely surprise planned for you, young …” She cranes her neck to actually be able to see Sam’s face, “... man. If our finest tree hadn’t caught fire and spilled that funny sap everywhere, it would have been the absolute highlight of your holiday season.”
“But I wouldn’t have been surprised. And then there was the flu season of ‘93; now, that was one brutal son of a bitch ...”
Cas kneels too in one smooth motion and hands the lighter to him. His cold fingers brush Dean’s, the same hand that briefly cupped Dean’s face. The same hand that pulled Dean out of hell, if you can work out the logistics of how the hell that’s possible. There’s something that jumps to life in Dean’s chest whenever Cas touches him, but quiets too -- it’s been that way ever since Cas put a hand on his shoulder and pulled him out of his mother’s shitty nightmare past -- and Dean wonders sometimes if that’s it. Some kind of recognition that he only remembers by touch.
It helps, after all Castiel has lost, to know that Dean feels it too. This unseen force that joins them. Castiel is learning about being in the world: that even here, in a place so teeming with life and passion, you don’t speak of a feeling like that, or move in the direction it tries to steer you. That kind of closeness is reserved for families and lovers. Friends -- the most fitting description for what they are -- stand careful distances apart and don’t mind the distance, or even notice it. It makes sense conceptually. It isn’t difficult with Sam. It’s how Castiel knows that with Dean, it’s different. Dean knows all the rules about how to stand and how not to stare, how to keep the people around you comfortable but not too comfortable, and sometimes he likes to tutor Castiel in how to act like a human, as if Castiel is the young one and Dean is old and wise. Sometimes Castiel forgets, in those times, that that isn’t the case. Maybe in some ways it is.
He presses his lips quickly to Cas’s, careful not to notice anything about it or wonder what it’s like for Cas to kiss someone--probably the only someone he’s ever kissed, unless there’s something he’s not telling Dean. This is business. Evil-fighting business. Sometimes, you have to make sacrifices for the good of mankind. Thank God Sam’s on find-a-giant-truck-to-lug-the-evil-tree-away duty this time around.
Not that Dean’s ever thought about him in the not-a-blood-relative sense. What are you, crazy? Dude’s an angel. An angel wearing a guy wearing a trenchcoat -- who, yeah, sure, could be considered objectively good-looking, maybe even fascinating in a way that had totally disappeared the second that body became Jimmy Novak again, but it’s not like that’s such a big deal. He’s no Dr. Sexy.
“Good,” Dean says. His hand twitches slightly. He would run it over his face if he wasn’t holding something. Castiel has begun to memorize the way he moves, and what it means. “Okay, good.”
Dean watches Mrs. Claus, not sure if she’ll call security on them. (Is that a thing? Christmas tree lot security? Knowing his luck, probably.)
“Yes,” Cas says. In a slightly lower--but not low enough--voice, he adds, “You can tell, because of the screaming.”
“But it’s like we conceived the little bastard,” Dean invents, “we love him so much. Um. Not that you have to conceive your kids to love ‘em. And by ‘bastard’, I mean--”
“And the pox and chickenpox, not the same thing. Maybe it wasn’t that gnarly. But have you ever tried to stop a six-year-old from scratching himself?”
“Let me be clear,” Mrs. Claus goes on, narrowing her eyes. “This isn’t a tree suitable for a wanton bachelor lifestyle. It wasn’t made for a mancave.”
It’s for the best. Nothing of the earth is meant to feel so sacred. Better to be careful, and keep quiet.
The night wears on and Castiel listens. To the sound of Sam slowly coming back to himself; to Dean’s voice, warming the dark.
“What is this, a frickin’ dog adoption?” Dean snaps. And then: “No offense. Obviously trees are just as alive as dogs.”
Jamie let out a howl and charged at Sam, Dean meanwhile pounced on the distracted Xander. Much to the older Winchester’s chagrin the littlest vampire picked him up and tossed him like a rag doll across the yard.
Josiah cleared his throat, then continued to speak. “Lots of death happened that winter. Too much death happening now”.
"She's not wrong", Dean added, his smirk matching Claire's."Now, quit deflecting and get to the explaination part of this heart to heart talk, already!".
Instead of the anger she expected, Dean pled with her. "Please Jody. I can't relax until I know Sam and Cas are safe".
Gabriel decides to mess around in Dean's head  in order to find the  lost memories of the cauldron- instead he gets a front row seat to  every traumatic moment in the hunters life.
When the dry heaving stopped, Dean collapsed back onto the bed. He was so damn tired. Every inch of him was throbbing, each injury screaming at him. Begging for relief. He was vaguely aware of Claire leaving to clean the trash can. He squeezed his eyes shut and tried to think about anything else.
For the first time in days, Dean felt relaxed. The water was cool but not too cool, warmed from the afternoon sun it was a rather pleasant sensation. He carefully cleaned off the dust, blood, and sweat from his skin and he let out a sigh of contentment.
With a last spurt of energy Dean pushed away his pain and ran as fast as he could. Once through the archway he came to an abrupt stop and nearly fell over. The stairs went down, not up. A very narrow wooden door stood opposite him.
“Missouri! No!” cried Sam as he whirled to keep the woman from seeing her dead husband's body but he was too slow and she pushed past him.
"What? No small talk, no flirty banter? Not even a hello? I must say, Jody, your manners are slipping. No doubt, the bad influence of Moose and Squirrel has rubbed off on you" he tsked while removing a piece of lint from his shoulder.
“That is untrue” protested Cas as he continued to frown at the strangers. “I had my coffee just before the storm started”.
“Okay. I think maybe you boys need to lighten up on the Dickens or Poe or whatever the hell you have been reading. There is no such thing as spirits or..or...”
The sound of more approaching feet could be heard from above. Dean looked up and then back at his brother. "Watch out for Sammy, boy!" John's voice growled in Dean's ear making him jump.
“You think the vampires followed you” stated Cas as he narrowed his eyes at the brothers, who had the sense to look admonished.
Claire drew her gun from her back and shot it between the eyes. It disappeared with a high pitched scream. She answered the call without any preamble "911. Now!"
"Just spit it out,Gabe. She'll find out or figure it out anyways," said Dean grumpily. He needed some damn coffee, preferably laced with whiskey,"Besides, she's more than earned the right to know what's going on. She saved my ass, took out at least five demons on her own in the process," Out of the corner of his eye he saw the look of surprise pass briefly over her face before being schooled into a cocky smirk.
The vampire had let out an unholy scream and Sam knew she had done something to slow it so they could escape...so he did the only thing he could- he ran.
through the house, and extinguished all of the candles at once. The fire also flickered but remained lit. All heads turned to see a short male figure standing in the doorway, he was covered in snow and held an air of menace about him.
The maid wrung her hands “No, Sir Gabriel. Her Ladyship left no word as to what you are expected to do. I was only to tell Sir Castiel to meet her in the library and to take our guests to their room. Perhaps you might find amusement in the garden? I understand Joshua and Miss Missouri are trying to remove articles of clothing from the trees. Including a rather large pair of britches”.
"Of course you don't," sighed Sam, "I meant...not that I have any objection, I think it's great! I just...when did you guys start..."his voice trailing off as he faltered trying to find the words. Why was his brain not working? Fuck. He was too tired to deal with this.
" I said, no," Claire lifted her chin and shrugged her shoulders not the lest bit intimidated by the angel. "First off, I don't trust you. Secondly, Dean is hurt and needs to rest. Thirdly, I don't like dicks with wings. So, we're not doing or going anywhere with you!".
Sam closed his eyes and snorted as the first strains of Metallica's "Enter Sandman" blared out of the radio.
"What's got you two so wound up?" He asked looking between them, his own lollipop tucked into his cheek.
"What demon?"his voice was eerily calm. Donna shivered again. She knew in that moment that Gabriel was dangerous and not someone you wanted to be on the bad side of.
" Look,  we will figure this out! I promise you. It's going to be okay."she gently patted his leg. " First, you need to rest up."
“There ah there were more vamps than the kids. They burned down the house...Josiah was..they got him first...Pam was helping me with you when...” Sam looked away and swallowed hard, he then cleared his throat. When his gaze fell back on Dean there were tears streaming down his face. “She smiled...it was a sad but sweet smile..reminded me of Jess, y’know?”
Running his fingers through his hair Sam, sighed again as his stomach rumbled. "Fuck it" he decided and grabbed the beer from the fridge. He tossed the cap into the trash and headed into the library where he had dropped his duffle.
"Not on my A-game. Sue me." Dean snaps then takes a swig of the beer. The cold liquid soothes his throat and he has to stop himself from chugging it down in one gulp. He sets the bottle on the stand next to the empty glass and proceeds to open the bottle of aspirin and shakes a few pills out. He downs them with another mouthful of beer. Claire's uncharacteristic silence was beggining to un-nerve him. "What?"he asks looking up at her.
Sitting in the living room, everyone had gathered their presents. Cas was the first one to give his presents to everyone; he had bought a few books for Sam, some car toys for his little brothers, two tickets for an Elvis concert for Ellen and Bobby, the tickets were actually from him and Dean, and a gift card to learn how to play the piano for his brother. Everyone thanked him, giving him a warm hug.
“Gabe texted me earlier and told me that he has already filed the papers for custody,” he said with an excited smile. Dean’s smile grew into a grin as he hugged Cas.
Apparently, John wasn't there, which relieved Cas. He cooked some scrambled eggs and bacon and chose to make a fruit salad for Sam, since he knew the younger Winchester tried to eat healthy, compared to his brother. He heard footsteps and when he turned around he saw Dean walking down, his hair still wet from the shower. The other man walked up to him and gave him a soft kiss before grabbing the painkiller which was on the kitchen counter. Before he could take one, Cas reached out and stopped him. "What," Dean asked. "You need to eat first otherwise it's not going to work". Dean sighed and sat down at the kitchen table, clearly annoyed. "Don't be grumpy, you'll thank me later". Cas sat down next to Dean after putting the food onto the table. Sam came downstairs a few minutes later and they ate while having a light and happy conversation. John had apparently gone to work or whatever and Dean looked more relaxed even though Cas knew something was still bothering him.
“Dean…,” he began, taking his hand, ”I am. Like I said, I’ve been thinking about this for such a long time and at first I wasn’t sure but I want to. I trust you and like you said, if I decide that I’m not comfortable anymore than we stop.” Dean averted his gaze, not looking at Cas anymore.
When school was over Castiel tried to get out of the building before his bullies saw him. He was already halfway across the campus when he saw the group of teenagers strode his way. He knew turning around and trying to run wouldn't do him any good, they would catch up to him eventually. "Look who we have here" Gordon said, a cocky smile on his lips. They formed a circle around Castiel so that he had no chance of running away. "You know the drill, don't you, faggot?" Bella said her British voice sounding cruel and murderous. Cas nodded. A fist hit his jaw again and the pain from this morning intensified. Each of them took turns in hitting Castiel in various places until he was lying on the ground and blood running out of his nose and mouth. They didn't stop though and continued to kick him. Only after what felt like an eternity they finally stopped. At this point, Castiel was coughing, the blood in his mouth had mixed with the dirt on the ground. Tears were running down his face and his body was acheing everywhere. "See you on Monday, freaking faggot" one of them said as they walked away. Castiel hated them. He hated his school and his parents and he hated the teachers. How could they let something like this happen to a sixteen year old child. He laid there for several minutes before he felt ready and able to stand up. Standing on his feet hurt and every step he took caused his body to burn from the pain. He didn't stop though. As he walked past the school gates and made his way home, he was his brother Lucifer standing next to some boys and watching Castiel with a satisfied grin on his face. Castile’s older brother was as bad as his bullies, not to say even worse. He abused Castiel mentally and physically and he never interfered when someone was beating the shit out of his little brother. No, he
His voice broke and he stared sobbing, laying the guitar to the side, as he rubbed his eyes with the edge of his sleeve. He loved this song. He had always listened to it when he was in high school and even though he knew things with Dean would turn out fine, Thats what he hoped at least, he just couldn't help himself from feeling horrible. He felt like it was his fault. He knew he was wrong and he knew it wasn't Dean's fault either. It was Lucifer’s but he just couldn't stop his mind from blaming himself. He fell asleep, eyes red and cheeks wet, the guitar still next to him.
“I know but it’s just so… I don’t know fucked up I guess” Cas said, letting his head lean against Dean strong shoulder. They sat in this position for about five minutes before Dean finally started the engine and drove to the courthouse.
He didn't sleep well last night. The nightmares kept him awake. The nightmares he always had before he visited his family. The ones that were memories he had tried to hide in the back of his mind. The next day went by pretty blurry. He hadn't paid any attention at the lessons and at lunch he hadn't eaten. He had no lessons after that so he waited for Dean to finish his classes and then they went to Dean’s apartment. It wasn't very big but it was enough for two people. It was simple, nothing fancy. They were lying on Dean’s bed facing each other. Castiel loved Dean’s room. The poster from his favorite bands such as
“Gabe won the custody battle and now Michael and Rafael are gonna live with him until they are 18,” he stated happily. Dean started grinning as well.
“I thought about that as well but I don’t have another job,” Jo told them thoughtfully. Silence filled the room for a few seconds before Dean cleared his throat.
“Cas?” Castiel lifted his head, looking at the boy, tears burning at the corners of his eyes. Without saying something the green-eyed boy pulled him into a tight hug, letting Castiel nestle his face at the crook of his neck. They stayed like this for a while before Dean pulled back a little to be able to have a better look at his boyfriend, reaching out and wiping away a tear that was rolling down his cheek.
A few minutes later, Dean joined them and after Dean called both of them nerds and received a bitchface from Sam, they started planning their day.
. His hand started to shake a little but he turned his phone off completely and continued his lunch. He wasn't going to ruin his mood again. If his father wanted something he didn't care. He had seen what caring about other people who didn't deserve it had brought him.
He didn’t go straight home though and rather walked around a little, fully aware that he had class tomorrow morning. He sat down at a bench at the park and just looked at the stars and the few bypassers. He thought about tonight and this whole day in general. His thoughts fixated on the green-eyed boy though. Dean must really love him if he is still together with him after what learning about his past and everything that went down in the last weeks. He was so lucky to have Dean even though he couldn’t understand why Dean was still together with him.
, they finally convinced, both of them to take it and have a good time. The two boys entered the lobby and were greeted by a friendly looking lady at the reception.
"It's okay Dean, you don't have to apologize. It's okay" Cas said reassuringly and kissed Dean again, this time softer. They exchanged a few more kisses before Cas said
Dean had gotten dressed and was nursing his third cup of coffee. Cas was searching for cases, making that adorable squinty face.
, which Castiel already loved since he wanted to become an author one day. On his way his eyes looked over the beautiful campus. The big University building the trees that were covering half the ground and the hundreds of students chatting and laughing. His gaze stopped at one guy. He was tall, with wide shoulders, with dirty-blonde hair and freckles, which were only highlighting his eyes. Those beautiful jade green eyes Castiel could stare into forever. After what felt like ages, he pulled his gaze from the beautiful guy, mostly to not look like a creep.
They were asked to come back inside so that the jury could tell them what they decided. Cas opened his eyes again slowly, letting out a long sight before following the others inside again.
It was way past 4 am when they finally stopped playing, Dean winning most of the rounds, causing Cas to pout as he packed away the game.
"You have no proof it was me and by the way how is it healing?". Dean was about to say something when Gabe started talking
Cas watched Dean walk to the bar and groaned a bit when he saw him talk to another man. No, not talk, flirt. But… but Dean was straight, wasn’t he? If he wasn’t then why wasn’t he flirting with him? Maybe he just wasn’t into Cas but then what about what Gabe said about Dean being into him? Cas groaned deeper and ordered another seven shots. He could see the others look at him amused but he ignored them. He needed to be at least a bit tipsy for what he wanted to do. So, once the shots were there, he downed them one after the other before he stood.
“Did I interrupt something? You look out of breath,” Jo asked concerned. Castiel could feel a hot blush creep up his face as he averted his gaze. Dean must have done the same because he heard the blond chuckle.
Cas was sitting outside the waiting room of the police station where he would take the pictures for the trial. He was pretty nervous since he hated showing his scars. He looked to his left where Dean was sitting next to him and got an encouraging smile. He knew Dean was there for him and he couldn’t be more grateful. Looking to his other side, he saw his brother typing something on his phone. Cas was also really happy that at least one member of his family was standing by his side.
Back at the bunker, they got greeted by Charlie who was more than happy that they not only finished the case but also had gotten burgers on their way back. Even though they weren’t Dean’s burgers, which Cas loved, they were still good.
The rest of the day, they spent walking around in the city and visiting some of Castiel's favorite paces. When they arrived at Castiel's home, it was 5pm. Dean turned the Impala's engine off and that looked at Cas, who had been very quite at their ride back. "Hey everything will be fine. Trust me. I am here now and you don't have tow worry anymore" Dean said Taking Castiel's hand and kissing it. Castiel relaxed and before they exited the car, Cas gave Dean a quick kiss. As they entered the house and went to the living room, five pairs of eyes landed on them. More precisely on Dean. Cas glanced at Dean, who was standing there, back straight and a grin on his face. "Mom, dad, this is Dean. He is a friend of mine." Cas said. "Hey, happy to meet you" Dean said. Cas could see that his family didn't approve of Dean. The man next to him, was wearing black jeans which was ripped at the knees and at several other parts. He was wearing a black Led Zeppelin shirt, with their logo, the naked angel, on it. On top of it he had a black and red flannel shirt. Cas loved Dean's style but clearly his family didn't. Dean had noticed and his smile grew even bigger.
“Look Cas, it’s totally fine. I haven’t written almost anything either and I don’t mind that, you know why?” Cas shook his head, “because I love you and no matter how crappy my vows will be, that won’t change.” A smile started playing at the corners of Castiel’s lips.
“No further questions your honor,” Gabe said and their mother took her seat next to Mr. Novak. His brother faces the judge again.
Dean just came back from preparing everything and walked into his and Cas’ room to find Cas running a hand through his hair in an attempt to style it. Dean smiled softly and walked up behind him, running a hand through his hair, ruffling it up.
Castiel, now visibly shaking and crying, fell on his knees and tried to fix the violin, hands shaking. Dean ran towards him, fell on his knees as well, and embraced Castiel His hand was stroking his back and he was lightly rocking him. After some time Castiel had calmed down enough that he could talk. "I am so dead. Why. Lucifer is going to be pissed and now nobody can stop him from..." Castiel said between sobs. "from doing it all again because there will be nobody who is going to believe me. There never was. I destroyed his favorite violin. My grandma had given it to him and it is the only thing he has from her. I am dead." "Nobody is going to harm you Cas. We will buy a new one." Dean said reassuring. "No you don't understand. He will know that it is a new one" Castiel continued, sobbing. „We will figure it out" Dean said hugging him a little bit tighter. „Dean..." Cas said, half asleep from exhaustion. "Yes Cas." Dean said with a soft voice. "I am sorry" "You don't have to be sorry. Everything will be fine. You'll see." "Everything will be fine" Cas repeated before drifting into a dreamless sleep.
“Ready to leave?” He asked and then turned, trying to hide the blush on his cheeks. Charlie just came out of her room, wearing a form-fitting black dress with a green jacket on top.
"That is actually a good idea. I could call him tomorrow. I am not sure because that would mean I have to tell him what happened...", Cas stopped to gather his thoughts, "but I guess I have to tell him at some point anyway". A soft smile spread across his lips. Dean leaned down and pressed a light kiss onto Castiel's lips before he broke away and wiped away a tear from the other man's cheek. Cas stood up and only then did he realize that his sleeve was still pulled up. He quickly pulled it down. Even though he knew that Dean had seen his scars, Dean didn't mention it and Cas was grateful for that.
“Dude it’s enough,” Charlie had told him to which Balthazar had only responded with an innocent smile.
“I’m Benny,” the brunette said, smiling widely at them. He was wearing an old fisherman's hat and from what Cas could tell, he sounded british, just like Crowley.
Also am trying to make longer chapters but since it's my first fanfic, I havent quite figured everything out yet. I hope it's okay...
The next day Cas called Gabe and asked him if he could visit him later. A few hours after the phone call Dean and Cas were on their way to Gabriel's house. Castiel was nervous the whole time but holding Dean's hand helped him calm down a little. They pulled into the driveway next to another car, which was probably Gabriel's. Dean turned off the engine but both of them stayed in the car. Dean turned his head towards Cas and looked at him. "Hey are you okay?" he asked softly. Cas thought about it for a second. A soft smile spread across his lips. "Yea," he said in a soft voice and squeezed Dean's hand tighter. They exited the Impala and walked to the entrance of the house. Cas had never been here. After his brother had left for college when Cas was in his first year of High School, he hadn’t seen him again. They had stayed in contact through text messages and a few phone calls over the years but that had been it. His parents never told Gabriel about what they did to Castiel, even though Cas had done the same so that his brother wouldn’t worry about him.
The confidence on his brother's face was now even more visible and Cas had to say that he was more than impressed with Gabriel’s skills as a lawyer. For a moment his family’s lawyer didn’t seem to have an answer or at least he didn't know what to say next.
“About the case?” Dean nodded in agreement, his hand rubbing the back of his neck. Sam just rolled his eyes and focused back on his laptop after throwing Dean bitchface number 7.
“Yes,” she said more confident than Cas would have expected. Gabe walked a little towards her, though not as close as he had gone to their father.
“That’s what I thought. I hope I won’t have to see you ever again and that you have a good time in jail, big brother” he said as he walked past him and his family, a victorious smile gracing his lips.
That night, both curled up around each other, gazing into each other’s eyes, Dean leaned forward and kissed Cas’ temple.
"Hey honey, what do you want to eat for dinner?" his mother asked. "I don't know, whatever you want. I really don't mind" Cas said while sitting on one of the kitchen chairs."So tell me, is there anything going on between you and Anna?" she asked as she started preparing dinner. Castiel noticed the dish his mother was making, lasagna. He loved his mother’s lasagna. "No there is nothing between Anna and me and by the way she has a boyfriend now" Castiel’s mother looked sad for a second before smiling at him. "Well you will find the right girl soon enough" she said. Castiel wanted to remind her that he would never find the right
Sam had just walked in on them making out and he was feeling pretty awkward about it. They should lock the door from now on, he decided. Dean came back a few minutes later, making sure to lock the door behind him. He crawled back onto the bed, laying next to Cas, letting out a sight.
“That is awesome, I can’t believe you did it. You’re the best!” he said not being able to keep the enthusiasm out of his voice as he spoke.
In the Impala, Gabe had to leave for work, Cas was leaning against the window, looking outside. It was getting dark as they drove over the highway. Dean hadn’t told him where they were heading and only told him to wear something nice. Cas was really excited and soon looked over to where Dean was driving his Baby.
“Happy New Year!” everyone around them screamed, hugging friends or kissing their significant other. Cas was so amazed by everything that he didn’t notice that Dean was now standing in front of him, pulling him closer by his waist. Only when soft lips pressed against his own did he come back to reality, melting into the kiss. He plunged his tongue into Dean mouth, earning a groan from him.
“No, not as far as I can remember.” Dean furrowed his brow and pulled out one of his business cards.
“Morning,” Cas said and only then did he notice how rough and husky his voice was from the previous night.
“My brother walked in on us making out,” Dean said after clearing his throat and Castiel started blushing slightly. The couple bursted out laughing which caused the two boys to get even more red.
The next day Cas was still snuggled against Dean's chest. He opened his eyes sleepily and smiled when he saw Dean was still asleep. He shifted slightly but refused to get up. He just laid there, looking at Dean. After some time Dean opened his eyes and looked down at Castiel who had his head on Dean's chest. "Morning" he mumbled and placed a kiss on Castiel's head. "Good morning Dean" he said and lifted his head to kiss Dean on the lips. They stayed in bed for some time before Cas went to shower. Dean had given him a towel and had gone down to make some breakfast. The bathroom was small and practical. Cas showered and went back to Dean's room. He went to his duffle only to realize that he still hadn't washed his clothes. He grabbed a shirt and a pair of ripped jeans from Dean's closet and put them on. The pants fit almost perfectly but the shirt, a gray AC/DC shirt, was a little bit too big.
. When he arrived at the front and Anna let him go to sit down next to their friends, he looked at Gabe who gave him an encouraging and happy smile. A few moments later the song changed and Dean walked in with Charlie by his side. The song
“It is not a stone… it’s my grace. Or at least a small part of it.” He admitted shyly. Dean just stared at him, his heart glowing with love for the angel in front of him. He couldn’t believe that he would forever have a part of the angel with him, literally. It was the most moving thing anyone had ever done for him. He looked at the ring again, turning it around his finger with a stupid grin.
Dean drove Castiel home, giving him a quick kiss, when Sam wasn’t looking before driving away, Castiel hearing the loud engine as the car quickly disappeared into the night.
“Thanks Gabe. And thank you for helping us these last few months, we don’t know what we would have done without you,” Cas told his older brother, solemnly.
Entering the plane, they sat down at their seats, Castiel at the window and Dean next to him. The flight attendant had just finished the instruction speech when the plane started moving. Dean glanced at Castiel from the side before speaking up.
“Seems like we’ve got company,” Dean grumbled, raising his handgun a bit higher. It was quiet, the only sound in the room their breathing. Cas squinted, trying to listen if anybody was sneaking up on them but before long, two ghosts appeared, one on each side of them, ready to attack. Cas heard Dean try and shoot one while Cas attacked the other, both dissolving into dust and disappearing.
“Excuse me.” He said and then went towards the bar. He just heard Gabe snap his fingers and whisper “this will be fun” before he focused on Dean. He walked up to them with a smile.
“So you think that maybe it could also be a witch?” Sam asked, already making himself ready to start typing. Gabe shook his head.
Cas was feeling anger rise up in him as well and after looking at Dean, he saw that he was feeling the same. Cas set on to say something when the doorbell rang again. He quickly exchanged a look with Dean before standing up and walking to the door. Charlie and Dorothy were standing in front of him, both filled with rage.
Cas was woken up by a groan. He looked over to see Dean with a hand on his head. Cas knew Dean had a bad hangover. He didn't look at Cas right away and instead turned towards the nightstand and took the glass of water and downed it gratefully. "Mornin," he said with a husky and deep voice. "Morning to you too. How do you feel". Dean was now facing Cas. "Horrible. I am having the worst headache" he stated before leaning in to give Cas a kiss. Cas broke the kiss pretty fast and looked at Dean, his nose crinkled. "What," the other man asked. "Well I don't want to be rude but you need a shower. Now". "Is it really that bad?" Dean asked. "Yes," Dean groaned as he stood up and exited the room. Cas decided to cook some breakfast even though his cooking wasn't as good as Dean's.
"Well, he told me to keep you safe and to take care of you". Cas smiled at that too and leaned forward, kissing Dean once, before Dean turned back and started the engine.
"Sadly yes and if you don't mind I need silence. You can stay if you want but I really have to study". Dean moved closer to him and lifted Castiel's chin with his finger, forcing Cas to look at him. They just stared at each other for a few seconds before Dean pressed a soft kiss onto Castiel's lips. When they pulled away, Cas had a shy smile on his lips.
I know the fanart has nothing to do with the storyline but I couldn't find one where they were fighting ;)
“Morning, jerk.” He said and settled his large frame onto one of the benches. Cas and Gabe came in a few minutes later and the five of them were soon eating a delicious breakfast.
Dean’s eyes sparkled a little as he talked about his brother and Cas knew he was right. A small smile played at the corners of his mouth.
“What he said.” Sam agreed, squeezing their fingers. Dean just rolled his eyes but he couldn’t wipe the smile off of his face. They decided to stay one more night and drive off tomorrow morning. The brothers decided to switch rooms so that each Winchester could spend the night with his angel and everybody happily agreed.
The alarm went off at 6:30am. Dean grunted next to him, searching with his hand for his phone, not really looking. He turned it off and then looked at Cas.
The next few weeks, it was already getting warmer as April approached, things were just awesome. Cas spent a lot of time with his friends, going outside, sometimes drinking a bit
“I can help you with it. I have an Impala Chevy 67 and I work in a garage so if you want I could take a look at it.” Ash smiled and they soon started talking about cars and motorcycles. Benny and Cas began talking about different books and poets, Benny telling him that he would like to read some of Castiel’s stuff, if Cas agreed.
In this chapter we learn more about Castiel's childhood. Tell me if you like learning about their past. I'll probably write some more flashbacks from Cas's but also Dean's past in the future.
“What are you doing?” he asked as he saw Cas go up to one of his shelves and after some time of searching through it, came back with a box of UNO in his hands.
“And is it true that even though you knew your son was bullied in school, and by his brother to be precise, both mentally and physically, you didn’t do anything?” Gabriel’s voice was rising a little and Cas could see the anger flaring up in his brown eyes.
“Cas?” a voice asked and pulled him out of his deep thoughts. Dean was looking at him concerned. Only then did he notice that the others had left them and were standing further away, probably to give them some space.
“Dean don’t. You’re going to ruin my shirt,” Cas said trying to free himself out of Dean’s grip but that made Dean pull him tighter against him, letting his hands wander all over Castiel’s shirt, smearing the flour on his hands onto the fabric.
Cas was cleaning the kitchen; his bruised hand was still hurting, when he heard loud voices from upstairs. His first instinct was to freeze and get as far away from the stairs as he could. He realized that only Dean was talking, no one else, and he quickly went to his room. Dean was standing with his back to the door, hand clenched into a fist. "Listen to me Sammy, you won't call the police. If he does something again, you'll call me. If he huts you again, he will regret it. From now on you take your Christmas gift with you." Dean said to the person on the phone. Cas couldn't make out what the other person, probably Sam, said.  "Yes everywhere. You understood". Another answer Cas didn't understand. "Okay have to go now. Be careful kid. I'll be back in a week. Take care of you Sammy." Dean hung up and dropped onto Castiel's bed. Cas came up to him and sat next to him. "What happened" Castiel asked. Dean looked at him and Cas could see the anger and fear in Dean's eyes. "Some jerk attacked my brother." "Is he okay". "Yes he is but that son of a bitch won't be if he hurts him again" Dean said through gritted teeth. "Everything will be fine. Trust me." Cas said and gave him a soft kiss.
“What do you say we move this to the bedroom?” he asked and before Cas could answer, Dean was pulling him along, a hand around his wrist.
“I wish. The one we did about a month ago at that bar? More people have died.” He explained with a frown.
Castiel was standing in front of the mirror in his room, looking at his reflection. He was wearing a black suit with a white button-up shirt and a blue tie. He pushed his hair down, trying to make himself look somewhat presentable. Today was the day of the trial. He hadn’t really slept last night, overthinking everything that could happen. His hands were shaking slightly and he put them in the pockets of his pants in order to still them. Dean was going to pick him up in a few minutes and they would meet Gabriel there. Taking a last look at his reflection he grabbed his phone and trenchcoat and walked to the living room.
“What were you doing?” he asked looking over Castiel’s shoulder onto the piece of paper on the table.
. Cas always thought he was doomed to be lonely and suffer, hell, he thought that, mostly because of his family, until only half a year ago when he first met the boy next to him. So much had happened in these past months and even though he went through some hard times, Dean was by his side and for that he was grateful. A smile made its way to Castiel’s lips as he continued thinking about all the great things that happened since the semester had begun.
He had started self-harming the day his family had found out he liked boys. A classmate in school had probably seen him kiss his, then, boyfriend and had reported it to the principal. He had then called his father and Cas was sent home. At home, he had to listen to a lecture about why homosexuality is wrong and that it’s a horrible sin and he will burn in hell. After that, his father had beaten him, a lot. After that day he became physical more often. That night Cas was lying in his bed, crying. His whole body was aching and he was just feeling like absolute shit. He had no idea why he had done it he went to the bathroom and took one of the blades out of his razor before going back to his room. He rolled up his sleeve and then he was cutting lines up his arm with the razor blade. The cuts were small but deep, deeper than he had thought. They hurt but they not only made him numb but also helped his mind to stop racing.
Hovering over the vampire’s corpse is a reaper. A floating, hooded cloud of smoke to Castiel—he knows it’s showing itself to Dean differently, so he blinks, trying to tune into the same signal. The reaper resolves itself into a young-looking woman wearing, of all things, an orange high-visibility vest.
The roar of water is quieter, finally, and there’s light—the portal. Hovering over the dark surface of the river, no more than 20 yards away. It’s flickering, but still open. Dean pants with relief.
Eve herself wears the same appearance she did all those years ago on Earth—presumably for Dean’s benefit—of a dark-haired, heavy-browed young woman. She even wears the diner waitress apron. It’s stained with dirt and blood. Castiel tries to unveil his eyes to get a glimpse of her true form, but she eludes his gaze, like a mirage on the highway that turns out to be a real puddle. He suspects what they see is not her true body at all, but a projection, or a shapeshifting limb.
“No. Not—right away, not here,” Castiel says. “I have less strength, without my connection to the heavenly host.”
The reaper glances at the interlopers, plainly wishing they were anywhere else so she could get on with her work.
Years ago, long before Jack, before the deal with the Empty or the return of Chuck, Castiel got a car of his own. He stole it from a display at an antique car show. He was newly without wings, not yet an expert on crossing Earth by human means. The theft was partly a crime of opportunity, and partly based on Dean’s long diatribes about the inferiority of modern cars, made in the hope that Dean would approve his decision. And partly, it was the Continental itself—the car caught his fancy.
Presently the reaper begins to paddle downstream. The vampire sits in the front, looking ahead. Castiel hopes it will forget all of this when it gets to Purgatory.
He claws backwards until he finds the leviathan’s hair and yanks it forward with all his strength, bringing its head forward enough to throw it off balance. Then Castiel’s foot slips on a slick root and they both tumble forward—the leviathan throws itself over him, and Castiel grabs its neck from below before it can go for Dean. With a grunt and a snarl they roll over and then Castiel brings them to a stop with the leviathan’s neck on top of a thick root, and jams both hands under its chin, shoving upward and snapping its neck over the root with a sickening
Dean stills. His eyes travel over Michael one more time, then he holds up the paper. “Well thanks anyway. I guess we’ll figure out how to get there by ourselves.”
They slosh out onto the shore, both shivering. Castiel doesn’t even have enough grace to dry himself off, let alone warm both of them up. Dean doesn’t ask him to, anyway; he never does. “We can split up, cover more ground,” Dean says.
Castiel is tied up by his wrists in the cave. No needle in his neck. His face is bruised. Someone is shaking him awake.
He continues not to look up as Cas approaches, to read what Dean’s reading. Cross-referencing Michael’s spell, perhaps, though that’s not really like him. Castiel comes around the table behind Dean to read over his shoulder. He puts his hands in his pockets and clenches them into fists to divert some unknown tension. He’s expecting a rebuke or a sharp comment from Dean, but instead he gets only a brief glance. The silence is an unexpected relief. Instead of reading, Castiel’s eyes fall on Dean, the sliver of his profile he can see, his ear, the short hair right behind it. His hand, braced flat on the open book.
“Come on.” He pats Cas on the cheek, then puts his hands under Cas’s armpits and lifts him up to his feet.
Air is displaced, and then there’s a thump and Cas disappears from under his hand. Eve threw him back. “Shit—” Dean scrambles forward, trying to find Cas in the dark, he didn’t go far—
Castiel tries the door, but it’s locked. He checks the sign, which says “OPEN 9AM - 6PM.” He checks his watch. It’s 9:05. He peers inside the darkened shop.
“Thought I could use some of Mary’s hair plus mine, but I couldn’t find her hairbrush,” Dean says, voice gruffly blank. He’s in a phase of never mentioning her, and, if she comes up, pretending she was never resurrected. “It’s not here. So we’re SOL for that. Any ideas?”
Dazed on the ground, Cas lifts his head. “Dean?” he says again. He looks like he doesn’t quite believe it.
Dean looks back at the blaze behind them. It’s engulfed half of the Eve tree’s trunk now, flames climbing high. The sky is blankly black, just like every night in this place—no stars, no moon, no satellites. Just a lightless, depthless ceiling over a coal-mine world. The burning tree casts wild orange light dancing on the forest floor. It'll attract the dead like a beacon.
She and Castiel look at each other in the darkness. His eyes are almost closed as he holds her wrist.
Castiel swallows a stupid urge to defend Dean. He thinks of Jack, two black wings burned onto the cemetery grass.
Castiel is blinking. The interior of the cave flashes, suddenly, and the image of Dean in front of him WAVERS.
After Jack’s death, Castiel visited his bedroom a few times. It’s hard; the bed still looks recently slept in, and his laptop is charging on the desk, next to an empty novelty
It has the appearance of a scruffy guy with hair past his ears, and a mean look about it. “Sure,” says the guy, walking a few steps behind him. “Why? Did you want a snack before you left?”
“You are the most amazing person ever, Cas. I love you so much.” He confessed before kissing him again, pouring all of his love into it. Cas kissed back just as intensely, his hands tangling in Dean’s hair.
Cas felt the blunt pressure of Dean’s dick push into him and despite the slight pain he felt, his body instantly relaxed and he let himself get lost in the pleasures Dean was causing him.  Dean let out a deep groan when he was buried inside of Cas and after a few moments of adjustment he slowly started moving his hips shallowly. He moved out and pushed in, almost painfully slow. Castiel’s legs were shaking and Cas let out moans and curses with every thrust. He pushed his hips back, meeting Dean who was making the same pleasurable noises.
“Where are you going?” Dean asked. Cas turned to Dean and saw the slightly annoyed expression on his features.
“I made a reservation for two on the name Winchester,” Dean said to the woman at the reception. She quickly checked her computer and then guided them to a table for two. It was small with a candle and a rose in the middle. They sat down and when Cas looked at Dean again, his eyes were sparkling and a rin spread on both their faces.
“No, I’m not risking getting you hurt.” He adamantly stated, crossing his arms over his chest. Charlie was like a sister to him and he would
“Yes, honey?” He said and Dean couldn’t help but smile even more at the adorable nickname Cas had given him.
Sadly, Dean was straight and definitely not into his best friend, so Cas sighed and went to take a shower.
Cas took a deep breath, "mom, dad, and Lucifer". There was a silence for a long time before someone spoke again.
Cas had to suppress a smile that started playing at the corners of his mouth. He knew that they would win, there was no way that the jury would let his crazy family go with all the proof they showed and the statements they gave.
He read over the line over and over again, making sure that he wasn’t dreaming. He had passed with the highest grade possible and a big grin spread across his face. He texted Dean quickly before continuing to his class. That night he had celebrated with his friends at a bar a few miles out of town. It had been really fun and he had gotten pretty drunk, especially after Jo challenged him to a
Back at home, they sat on the front porch and talked and laughed for some time. "So you burned a pot of rice and then gave the burned rice to your brother" Dean asked amused. "Hey I was seven but yea I did and it was awesome" Cas said laughing at the memory. "Yea my dad was almost never at home so I had to take care of Sammy who meant I had to cook for him and when I messed it up, I cooked something else, even if I had nothing to eat that night." While he said that, Dean's face became serious. "Oh I didn't know but why did your father leave you alone. Did he have to go to work"? Dean laughed at that. "Yea work. I wish, he was drinking at some shitty bar or something like that." Cas laid his hand on Dean's shoulder but didn't speak. "Anyway, there was this one kid at school that was bullying some nerd and I came up to him and punched him in the face. I was ten by the way" They both laughed at that and they soon continued their conversation. The sun was beginning to rise and they both ended up on the couch, Cas curled up in Dean's arms, head lying on his chest. It was one of the first night Cas slept without having a nightmare. He dreamt about Dean and if they would ever be able to live a normal live and visit their families without having to lie about their sexuality.
“Well do you really think that I would miss you, kicking your brothers ass?” Anna asked, glancing over at Lucifer briefly.
They stayed in their position for some time, before someone spoke. „But you have to know that my parents are really strict. They don't really support my choices in my sexual orientation. They know that I am gay but they don't want to believe it. They still hope that I just need the right girl and they thought that they helped me and..." Cas trailed off into his thought. When he realized it, he blushed. „Oh and one more thing. Please don't react to whatever they say to me or to you. Please. Especially not what my older brother Lucifer says." Cas said, pain in his eyes. The tears were burning behind his eyelids and he had to close them, in order to keep the tears away.
“No, I don’t want to go to bed yet. I want to sleep,” he said and Dean had to laugh at the nonsense his boyfriend was saying. Dean walked around him and lifted Castiel’s head and upper body to be able to lay underneath him.
The three friends left a few hours later, leaving Cas and Dean alone. Cas scooted closer, cuddling against Dean, who slung an arm around him. He pressed a soft kiss against Castiel’s hair before looking at his phone.
“No,” the green-eyed boy huffed but it was obvious that he didn’t mean it. So Castiel tightened his grip as well, leaning closer against Dean.
“Because I thought that you were not interested in men, let alone in me.” He admitted shyly. Dean couldn’t help the chuckle.
His exam went better than Cas would have thought and a few hours later, he was sitting in a restaurant with Sam, Dean and Gabriel, toasting the win of Dean’s case. He took a long sip from his drink, gazing at Dean who was sitting next to him. He could tell that he was glad he didn’t need to worry about their father again and Sam looked happy as well. Even though Cas had doubted that John would have taken legal actions, he was still feeling better now, knowing that he couldn't anymore.
They were lying next to each other, both trying to calm down from their climax. Dean searched for Castiel’s hand intertwining their fingers.
“So, have you and Dean-o already confessed your feelings since the last time I saw you?” He asked with a smirk, Cas groaned.
Castiel’s heartbeat increased a little and his hands started shaking slightly. Despite his fear he stood up together with the other two men and walked slowly to the doors. Dean reached out and intertwined their fingers, squeezing his hand tightly before entering.
“Yes, of course, I will… Dean, I love you and I can’t imagine my life without you either.” He admitted as he pressed his lips to Dean’s, both of their cheeks wet with tears. They spent a few minutes kissing, the kisses growing more passionate and rough with every passing second.
“I don’t know… just for… everything I guess,” he said finally meeting Castiel’s gaze. The blue-eyed boy tightened his grip around Dean’s hand. He wanted to say something but the people around them started counting down.
They entered the Impala and drove to get breakfast at a diner since none of them had really eaten before they left.
“I was having a conversation with Jake here.” He said, indicating to the man who was regarding him curiously, if slightly irritated.
“And why is it God’s will that your child suffers, what is the problem that caused you to stay so cold towards him?” Gabe asked pressuring her a little. She thought about that for a few seconds which gave Cas the opportunity to glance behind him where Dean was sitting. The green-eyed boy looked focused on his mother but as if he could feel Castiel look at him he turned around and gave him an encouraging smile. When Castiel’s mother didn’t say anything, Gabe continued speaking.
"Come ere" Dean said and pulled Cas against his naked chest. They lay there and Cas thought that Dean had fallen asleep "You kno my father hasn't always been like at" Dean started and broke the silence. "He used to be a kind man who loved his family and would never do anything tohurt'em. After my mother died, he started drinkin and came home drunk every night" Dean paused. "It started mostly with verbal abuse. Said I was the reason for my mum's death. After a few months, he came started getting physical. He never hit Sammy. I never letim get to Sammy. I hated, and still, hate him for leavin us without food for sometimes weeks. The older I got, the more he did to me but he never hurt Sammy, ever" Dean finished and placed his head on Castiel's chest. Cas just held him tightly not saying anything. He knew how hard it must be for Dean and even though he needed alcohol do trust Cas enough to tell him about his past, Cas was still grateful. He felt something wet on his shirt and only then realized that Dean was trembling. He grabbed him by the shoulder and pushed him away slightly to look at him. Dean's eyes were red-rimmed and his cheeks were wet. Castiel's hand touched Dean's cheek and wiped away a tear.  "I know that I can't change what happened to you but I want you to know that I will never leave you. I'll be there for you" Cas said and a small smile spread across Deans' face. "That souned cheesy as hell u kno" Dean said and leaned in to kiss Cas. It was a soft kiss at first but it soon became more passionate. They broke apart and Dean laid his head back on Castiel's chest. Cas fell asleep listening to the soft breathing of Dean.
They spent the next hours preparing the food and making a mess in the kitchen. Sam had gone upstairs after he had finished his part of the meal prepping and decorating the living room, plus setting the table, while Cas and Dean were still in the kitchen finishing off their parts of the dinner.  Dean was almost finished with making the dough for the pie when Castiel, who had finished his dish a few moments ago, came up to him, wrapping his arms around Dean’s waist and placing his chin on Dean’s shoulder.
Cas was now alone again, lost in his own thoughts. The night of the accident played back and forth in his head, and even though he tried to turn the memories of, he couldn't. he fell asleep, the music from his headphones the only sound he heard. When he woke up again, his guitar was resting next to his bed and a plate with food had been placed onto the bedside table. He pulled his headphones out before sitting up, careful to not open the wound. He ate in silence before grabbing his guitar and tuning it. He played some cords, his fingers sliding over the sides. He started playing, the music filling the room.
“I just thought we could go out and have dinner,” Dean told him, a big smile on his lips. Cas was still a little confused with Dean’s behavior but agreed nonetheless.
“So this is Charlie,” she introduced, gesturing towards the redhead, “and this is Jo,” motioning to the blond girl. Charlie was shorter than Cas, with her red hair cut short. She was wearing a simple black dress, her hair wavy. Even though she wasn’t really tall she still looked like she could kick ass anytime. Jo was the same height as the other girl, her dirty-blond hair was cut a little bit beneath her shoulders. She was wearing a more casual outfit, consisting of black jeans and a black top with a green flannel on top. Like her friend she looked like she was someone who wouldn’t back down from a fight.
“Nobody has ever told you that you are beautiful” Dean stated. Cas only shook his head, still not looking at him.
“What did he say?” Cas asked curiously. It was silent for a few moments and Castiel’s worries grew with every passing second.
“Sorry I can’t. I still have to work but I get off in half an hour.” A smile tugged at the corners of her mouth as Castiel turned around and went back to work.
“But you are cute when you are drunk,” he added a grin on his face. Cas looked at his hands laying in his lap before a smile started playing at his lips as well. They spent the next hour just sitting in the kitchen and telling stories from previous times they had been drunk, laughing at each other's narration.
He felt a shoe hitting his lower abdomen and he could feel his stab wound protesting. A few more kicks before he heard a loud grunt. He carefully opened his eyes and saw Dean standing over his, now unconscious, father, a broken beer bottle in his hand. He could barely stand up and after looking towards Sam, he fell down on his knees.
I do think I will change my upload schedule to every two weeks instead of weekly. I hope you don't mind and that you enjoy this chapter.
Entering the forest he passed a few people but didn’t pay them much attention. The last leaves of the trees were starting to fall off and the branches looked naked and uninviting.
“I’m not mean. I am just teasing. I mean he walked in on us making out, I think I’ll be allowed to make him a little uncomfortable too.”
Cas knew what he was referring to; The incident that had just happened an hour ago. Without saying anything he reached out and pulled Dean closer, laying his head against Dean’s shoulder.
Walking inside the Winchesters house, Sam would sleep at Kevin’s house, the warmth of the house wrapping around Castiel. Without saying something Dean lead him to his bedroom, taking his hand and intertwining their fingers. When Dean closed the door of the room and turned back around to Castiel, he laughed.
“Because from my knowledge I know that when you found out that your son was homosexual you not only beat him up but also whipped him with your belt, leaving this scar,” Gabriel told him, anger rising in his features.
Dean had suggested they go out that night to that bar so that they could scope out the place while it was in full swing. He straightened out the dark green button-down he had put over a plain black shirt. He looked at himself in the bathroom mirror as he ran a hand through his hair and shrugged.
“Sammy had just turned six months old and she had gone upstairs to look for Sam when the explosion happened. It wasn’t a big one but it was enough to set the room on fire.
After that, he had no idea what happened. Everything went by in a blur. The trial ended and they had won. They would go to trial and even though he tried to be happy, it was hard not to think about what evidence they had to show.
Eve stands, and the expressionless leviathans flanking her draw away in the same fluid motion. Her throne curls away from her, back into the walls. A hivemind, Castiel realizes. Whatever Eve wants, whatever impulse she sends them, they enact, like they’re her hands. He thinks longingly of the Heaven he once knew.
On the bench beside him in the little boat, Dean hunches into himself. The reason for the neon vest reveals itself before Dean can ask again—other boats come into view in the distance, each paddled over the dark water by a brightly dressed reaper. His slight desire for conversation seems to have extinguished anyway. The stone cavern moves by, and then dissipates, until they’re just floating down a river, featureless except for the other boats, all of them too distant to make out. Dean huddles closer, his leg and shoulder pressing into Cas for warmth. The sensation that he could dissolve into the nothingness is so strong that Castiel leans back against him, trying to ground himself. Everything inside him aches with the wrongness of their presence here. He glances at Dean to see tears streaming down his face. Dean doesn’t seem to know it’s happening; he’s watching the water. Castiel touches his own cheek. It’s wet too. No, Castiel doesn’t remember any of his trips to the afterlife, but he does remember the Empty, and now he thinks of Jack traveling there, alone. He closes his eyes. He wishes he could fall into the river and sink into the darkness and dissolve into nothing, and never see the Earth or speak to anyone or feel a thing ever again.
Does he actually want to talk about it—after all this time? Castiel finds it hard to believe, and sudden resistance kicks out inside him, as if to brace against whatever Dean is about to say. His defenses rise, and so does his disgust—for Dean’s weakness, for his own, for the shame of his departure, the shame of his return.
The smoke rises before them, and the flames above roar loud like a jet engine. Dean reaches over, letting go of Cas for a moment, and opens the trench coat. He lifts it over Cas’s head and injured shoulder like a wing, making Cas duck down against his chest, and grips Cas over his shoulderblades. With his other hand, he pulls the other side of the coat over his own head, and plucks his shirt collar to cover his mouth. “Just stay down!” he yells, muffled. Against his chest, Cas nods.
Without light or sound, the elevator door slides open behind him. It waits a moment for a passenger to climb inside, then it closes its doors again.
“Yeah,” Dean says, as they enter the last bend in the tunnel. He hears the rushing air up ahead. This escape plan was a bad idea. It’s going to work, but it was a bad idea. “Do they want to get back through to Earth?”
“It grows in Purgatory,” Michael says, his back to Castiel. Thunder rumbles, and a gust of wind flaps Castiel’s coat around his legs.
We don’t get a lot of local deaths. But this is a tourist town. Hikers come up, sometimes they get lost. And sometimes, we get drifters staying in the woods in the summer. O.D.-ing in the woods. Fallin’ in the lake cause they’re stumblin’ drunk. Not much we can do to prevent it.
“Look. Just ignore them. I’m here for you,” she says to the vampire. “I’m taking you to the place where vampires go when they die.”
Deeper in the woods, the trees grow taller, with canopies so distant and thick they blot out most of the sky. It’s getting dimmer, and it could be because of the denser trees, or it could be dusk, it’s impossible to tell. He doesn’t know exactly what he’s searching for in here—someplace quiet, someplace that will magically grant him a little courage, someplace that will distract him. Dean circles around a copse of young firs, growing thickly together, and comes out at the bottom of the slope. There’s a big, jagged tree stump, long dead. Moss and smaller plants are growing all over it, even a cute little Charlie Brown Christmas tree.
Dean breaks off, closing his eyes. He gets ahold of himself. “I don’t have to tell you that. You know what it’s like, to have him—his shadow—always hanging over you. But always out of reach. That was one of the first things you did when you started thinking for yourself, remember?” Dean says. “You went looking for him. Thought it was stupid, at the time,” Dean admits, with a weak smile. “I had no idea, back then, did I.”
Then Dean’s phone lights up, buzzing on the table. Castiel almost flinches. Dean doesn’t move. Castiel watches his profile, fists clenched inside his pockets.
SHERIFF ROY, a middle-aged man with a shaved head, peers through the shades, out at the waiting room, where Melly is still talking on her phone.
Cas gazes up at him sadly. He finishes the last symbol and stands, wiping his hands off on his coat. Dean pours in the salt, and then takes out the little envelope Castiel gave him hours earlier, containing a few strands of his hair twisted together with a few strands of Jack’s. He holds the envelope for a moment, balanced by the corners between two fingers and his thumb—hardly touching it. Then he notices Cas watching, and quickly drops the envelope into the bowl. He digs something else out of his pocket, and hands it to Cas.
model, almost extravagant, and he said it was good to see Cas loosening up and living a little. This one had been well maintained—he pitied the guy Cas had stolen it from, and he said if the shoe was on the other foot, he’d probably hunt Cas down and kill him, but given the circumstances, he was excited to putter around with it. He and Sam were living in the bunker by then, with a bay full of antique cars and specialty repair equipment. So when time allowed, Dean would give the Continental a tune-up.
“Okay, okay!” Dean snaps back, frustrated. He takes the blossom, and after a second, Cas hears the crinkle of the brown paper bag. “I was just trying to help, calm down.”
“Few things we need for the spell,” Dean says, running his finger along the page. “Salt from the Dead Sea, a ‘lock of a parent’s hair entwined with the hair of the child’... Traveler has to give blood, draw the blood of a monster, mix it all together, burn an ancient bone in it, then kill the monster with the bone. There’s a sigil too. The whole nine.”
She stares at Castiel with an open mouth, for a long moment. Then her mouth forms itself into a laugh of some kind—but it’s not amused or hysterical. It’s affronted. The leviathans on either side of her shudder, shifting their feet and scratching their hair. The two behind them breathe heavily.
It’s an overcast day on the quaint main street of a small town. It’s early — the street is deserted, and the lights in the bait & tackle shop are off. CASTIEL walks across the street.
“Listen.” Dean stops at the edge of the embankment, not turning around. He lifts a hand. “I’m only gonna say it once, freak. You shut your damn mouth.”
They’re standing on what looks, to Dean and the vampire’s eyes, like the slick shore of a wide, black river in an underground canyon. Overhead, the cave walls disappear up into darkness. The coal-black rock looks slippery and striated—layers of different textures revealed by millions of years of erosion, but not smoothed. Something like lichen grows on the surface, in shades of red and brown. At the bottom, the black river flows. Castiel looks at the reaper, focusing his vision until he sees its true form, and then he looks around at the space again. It’s nothing—this manifestation is entirely unreal, the product of millions of years of layered expectations. Only the river is real. It’s wide and deep and uniform. The water is clear, completely clear, but there’s nothing underneath, so it’s black. A lump forms in Castiel’s human throat. The reaper floats down to the edge, leading the specter of the vampire behind it. Then it pauses—waiting for them. Dean’s fingers brush the sleeve of his coat and Cas resets his sight to the manifestation. In all the times he’s died, he never retained the memories of his journeys to the afterlife. He doesn’t want to see this for what it really is.
“You know perfectly well why I had to leave,” Castiel says, closing his eyes because he doesn’t want to see Dean’s face when he says it.
With a guttural noise, Dean shoves the leviathan back, jamming a hand into its throat. The sapling bows even further under them—too far, Dean overbalances, and the leviathan grabs him by the shoulder and yanks him forward. They go tumbling into the dirt, just short of falling into the rapids. Dean scrabbles to stay on top, his hands still digging into the leviathan’s windpipe. The fuckers don’t even need to breathe—he needs something more, but he’s unarmed—as the leviathan grabs at him, choke-laughing, Dean paws around in the dirt for a rock. Nothing.
“Come on,” Dean says, scrambling up with another sharp inhale. Oh, it hurts. He lifts Cas, urgently and ungently, by his armpits. The coat is wrecked, mostly-burned on the ground near them. Dean leaves it there. “We gotta move.”
Cas opens his hands, uncomprehending and upset. It feels like he’s talking to a brick wall instead of to Dean. “While we sit here, he’s hurting Sam—probably torturing him—”
Dean blinks, then looks to Cas. “Great customer service,” he comments. “Let’s get out of this river, I’m freezing.”
Dean cuts him off. “Whatever you’re suggesting, Cas—that we go charging into some casino like a couple of idiot heroes—it’s a temporary fix. I’m talking about a
There’s a sharp pain in his throat. This isn’t the right way to do it—he ought to do it properly. He feels forward, pressing his knuckles into the tree stump, and lowers himself to his knees.
Not long after that, Lucifer lost the Continental during his travels in Castiel’s vessel, so Jack never saw the car.
“Dammit,” he whispers. He exhales, bowing his head, and puts his other hand in his pocket, for symmetry. Then he takes both hands out. They hang anxiously by his side.
“You have permission to try,” the reaper replies coldly. “That’s the most you can ask for, in my opinion.”
Dean wipes his eyes, panting over the dirt. He pushes off the sapling, still clutching his stomach, and walks unsteadily away from the river and into the woods.
It takes Dean a long time to find the river in the dark. He loses track of how long. He’s freezing without a jacket, and his back and legs ache from supporting Cas, and the wound on his eye is starting to scab, making it hang half-closed no matter how many times he rubs spit on it. His burns ache frostbite-cold and fever-hot by turns, and everywhere his clothes or Cas’s rub against them hurts unbearably—but he doesn’t let himself make even a noise of complaint.
Then a loud groaning sound comes from deep inside the wood, like the sound of two trees rubbing together in the wind. Dean looks up, at attention, waiting for the door to reappear.
“Okay,” Dean mutters. “Here we go.” He trades his jacket for the trench coat and wraps it around Cas. Cas makes a little sound of protest as Dean bends his arm to get it in the sleeve, but Dean mutters, “It’s all right, almost there,” and Cas shuts his eyes and lets him thread it through. Dean’s jacket is tight on him, but that’s what he needs. He needs the pressure on the wounds. Dean gets it settled on him and starts snapping the buttons shut. Through it all, Cas studiously hangs onto the leviathan blossom, in one hand and then the other.
“Oh,” it says, turning to him again. When it smiles, Dean can see that its gums are black. “Because of time.”
I called the sheriff’s department. But I knew they — well, I knew they weren’t going to take me seriously, so I came down myself. And I found Caleb. His ankle was broken, but he told me that he saw you getting dragged away... So we went looking for you.
But Dean, apparently, isn’t in an arguing mood. Abruptly, neither is Cas. “Then—what now?" Cas says. "We can’t just leave him—them—there. They helped us, they gave us the spell to trap Chuck.”
On opposite sides of the waterfall, they make their separate ways down the rocky slope, using saplings and tufts of grass as handholds and footholds. The vegetation around the falls is more lush than anything Castiel remembers seeing in Purgatory last time. There’s moss and small, unfamiliar plants—not green, exactly, but more saturated, and all coated with dew. None of them have flowers or blossoms. Castiel looks up after five minutes, maybe more. While he’s been examining the vegetation, he’s lost sight of Dean. He hears a stick snap in the distance, and whistles—the normal way. The sound is drowned out by the waterfall.
Forcing the words out isn’t hard—it’s impossible. This is intolerable. He thought the numbness of the last few months was bad, living in one locked room in his head—but this is so much worse. It feels like the floorboards inside him are cracking under his feet, and the darkness below is deeper than any he’s ever seen.
Castiel enters the small kitchen, his arms full of fishing gear — a box and two fishing rods. CLINK, he sets his car keys down on the counter.
They’re at the home stretch, a slick vertical expanse of pitted rock, no more than six feet high. Dean doesn’t see any promising routes, so they edge along the ledge until they reach a dead tree trunk, lying against the cliff. “Here,” Dean mutters. “You go first.”
You and I talked at the sheriff’s office this morning, and you said you’d help me. Then a few hours later, you called me, saying you had found Caleb’s campsite... but he wasn’t there.
By the bulletin board, Jack gazes up at the flyers. Among flyers for local events, there are a lot of missing persons flyers. Jack spots one for ALEX GREGORY, the missing teen. He pulls it down and examines it. We recognize his face from the cave earlier.
Andy walks behind the counter while Castiel picks out some bait and supplies from the display racks.
?” Cas gestures violently at his chewed-up shoulder. “Risking our lives? Gambling with Death? This is more important than rescuing Sam? And Eileen?”
I’m still not convinced there’s something paranormal going on here, Jack. We should focus on looking for Caleb.
Cas opens his mouth to argue, but it just turns into a look of disappointment. He shakes his head slowly. He doesn’t understand any of this.
“No. It’s all right,” Dean says. A few more steps. The rocks shift under his feet, but he maintains his balance. They’re going to make it. They’re going to make it home. “It’s okay. We’ll figure something else out. That’s not what matters, right?”
“Come on, almost there,” he mutters to Cas, who’s panting into his ear. “Just a little further, I got you.”
He pushes Cas by his broad back, and finally, finally, he gets the idea, and pulls himself up. He hears Cas inhale sharply through his nose—either waking up, or hurting, or both. “Cas? You okay?”
They continue down the river, sending occasional sound signals across the water. Castiel wonders if this is the same river they forded on their first journey across Purgatory—but he doesn’t think so. The water in his shoes sloshes uncomfortably. It’s just as cold as ever here. He feels it more acutely now than he did last time, when he could separate himself from his vessel more easily. Back then, he had the grace on hand to heal his body and warm it and dull the aches and pains from wear and tear and hunger and cold, and, when all else failed, simply separate himself from the sensations. The cold was the only thing Dean ever complained about in Purgatory. Not the hunger or the fear or the long journey, not even the disconcerting irregularity of night and day. Just the cold. Sometimes he’d insist on making a campfire to warm up—in the daytime, so it would be less noticeable—and Castiel would exchange a look with the vampire and let Dean have his way. Neither of them was good at saying no to him, and a fire wasn’t much to ask, in the grand scheme. Dean would bundle together the kindling and then Castiel would snap his fingers to strike a spark.
Cas really isn’t as heavy as he looks. Okay—no, he is. Much heavier. Dean digs one arm under Cas’s knees while the other cradles his shoulders, hissing exaggeratedly with the effort of standing up. Unbidden, the memory of carrying his body to the pyre in Oregon rises in his mind. Dean swallows something dark in his throat. Cas feels less heavy. “How’s that? Just a—just a little further. Then we’ll—take the rowboat home and we’ll—get you some rest.”
Cas is panting. He tries to sit up, and Dean helps him with a hand on his back. It’s sticky with blood. “I—I don’t know if I can get very far.”
“Oh, is that ‘all’?” the reaper says, biting. She mutters something and turns away, pressing a finger to her ear. Castiel blinks again, tuning out of Dean’s frequency to see what it’s really doing. Its true form hovers and morphs like a malicious cloud, then stills. Light pulses from inside the cloud, like little lightning strikes—signals that Castiel can’t eavesdrop on.
Cas lets go. Dean shoves away and storms off, back into the dark interior of the garage, without looking at Cas.
He looks up at Eve, thick limbs stilled above them. Maybe winding up to take another shot—maybe distracted by something else. They don’t have much time before they find out.
Breathing heavily, Castiel heaves himself upright again. The strain on his abdominal muscles yanks on his torn skin again and he winces—then grits his teeth and holds in the sound. Dean is watching him, eyes sharp with something, but once he’s fully upright, Dean turns away again.
A sob wrings itself out of Dean’s throat, a dry, choking sound that produces no tears. It’s just painful. God, he hopes no one can hear this, and God, he hopes Cas can.
Dean doesn’t even think. His feet move and he’s suddenly grabbing the leviathan by the lapels of its jacket, throwing it against the nearest tree. It’s a young hemlock, growing just on the edge of the dirt bank over the riverbed, and the thin trunk bends dangerously under their combined weight.
“It’s Chuck,” he says weakly. “I mean—there’s nothing else to do, there’s no other way. He—he’s making me—us—”
is—” the vampire kid begins, but before it can finish, Dean stabs it through the neck with the bone. Castiel watches it choke and gag, black blood filling its mouth.
His hands are bruised from pounding the rough bark. Dean shoves off with a frustrated noise, panting. New strategy. New strategy.
he stabs the button furiously with two fingers, over and over and over. Then he hits the panel with his fist, making a frustrated noise.
“Dammit,” he mutters, descending the slope and walking along the shore, looking for Dean in the trees.
Three of them—a surprise attack. The leviathan wastes no time, wrapping an arm around Castiel’s neck and gripping his throat with its other hand, digging its fingers into his windpipe. If Castiel was stronger, more his old self and not a prisoner of this body, the lack of oxygen would not slow him down. He would slow his respiration and make the oxygen already available in his vessel’s blood last longer, and wherever hypoxia took hold, he would heal it later. He could fight until there was no air left in his lungs, and no blood left in his body, just as long as he could still get electrical impulses to his vessel’s limbs. But not anymore. His body is closer to human and he is closer to human and he is weak and lonesome and almost hopeless. The leviathan presses down on his windpipe, and the edges of his vision are going black, the same smoky curtains as the ones the reaper parted for them.
never changed. Meanwhile, Castiel changed so much that he doesn’t recognize himself as an angel. He doesn’t recognize what he is at all.
Another rumble, and dirt filters down from above. Dean smells smoke. Trying to be gentle but also trying to work quickly, Dean peels Cas’s coat off of him. Once Cas catches on to what he’s doing, he helps, gritting his teeth as it goes over his bad shoulder. Dean lifts it off. Cas is hunched forward, breathing hard. “Sorry,” Dean mutters again, then swallows before he says it again. Leaving his hand on Cas’s good shoulder for support, he leans in, and gently rests the side of his head against Cas’s temple.
“Wow, they almost got us, there, Cas—whoa.” Dean stops short, seeing Castiel roll over and heave into the dirt. He pukes up the bile and water in his stomach. “Whoa, whoa, Cas, what’s wrong?”
Back out in the garage, Michael waits in the circle of holy fire, Adam’s arms folded. Wind tosses his hair.
Dean shuts the leather-bound book. “We have all the ingredients for the Cage spell except for one: The Leviathan blossom from Purgatory. This is a ritual that can get us there—” He taps the cover of the book. “I wasn’t talking about the Cage spell before, I was talking about this. It needs a sacrifice, but it’s nothing too bad—”
You and Melly shouldn’t have come looking for me, “Agent.” ... It almost threw me, a hunter showing up here. And an angel! I thought I was in real trouble. But I got lucky.
“Okay,” Dean says again. He swallows an apology. Not the time. Up ahead, he hears the flames crackling. A wall of smoke approaches, tinged orange by the flames. “Okay. Well, they didn’t see the portal, so we’ll just have to get back to it before they do. Look sharp. This, uh—this might get hairy.”
Next thing Dean knows, he’s lying on his stomach in the cool dark. He pants into the leaves. “Oh, oh, God,” he croaks. “Shit.” He exhales, and every inch of exposed skin aches—hot-cold, like it’s still burning. “Yeah, that’s gonna leave a mark.” He pants, and lets the pain wash over him.
Jack stands up and takes the jar to the railing. He carefully unscrews the lid and the bug crawls out onto the railing. He looks at it with interest. Castiel watches Jack fondly.
in my head, screaming for blood. For revenge,” Dean says, trying to keep the tears out of his voice. “And now—now I know it comes from
A young man, ALEX GREGORY (19) is unconscious, tied up by his wrists to the ceiling. His face is bruised, and he has a needle in his neck, connected to a tube of glowing blue liquid. Next to him, a YOUNG WOMAN (20s) is tied in the same way.
“Wow,” Dean says, and there’s a little laugh in his voice. “Sweet. You found it.” He looks up at Cas, smiling at him. It’s the first time in a while.
“So I send reinforcements, and what do I discover?” Eve says. She points with a finger that ends in a long, ragged nail. “The wretched pair of stowaways we spent the better part of a year trying to exterminate before they slipped out of our grasp.”
This question troubled him while he was away, and it troubles him now. Castiel watches him from the other side of the circle of holy fire, on the grease-stained cement floor of an abandoned parking complex. The circle of fire currently contains the archangel Michael in the vessel of Adam Milligan. Thunder drums over Kansas City, distant and sharp. Rain lashes at the parking garage, pouring in through the windowless openings between the heavy floors. Despite his diminished state, Michael is, after all, an archangel. And archangels do not like to be contained.
He lunges forward, and before Sheriff Roy can block him, grabs him by the shoulder and puts his palm on his forehead to smite him.
After a moment, he opens his eyes and stares down at his hands, gripping his knees. He almost doesn’t recognize them as his own. Pale as ghosts in the half-light, clean except for the black gunk still stuck in the edges of his nail beds.
Behind Jack, Castiel is sitting with his hands folded in a chair against the wall. The woman sitting next to him, MELLY KROKOWSKI (40s), fiddles with her scarf anxiously. She checks her phone. Castiel notices her agitation.
Cas wraps his other arm around Dean’s back, clasping his hands together over Dean’s shoulder and leaning his head near Dean’s collarbone. Dean’s chin bumps the top of his head. “There you go,” Dean says, hefting his grip tighter under Cas’s shoulderblades. He can make it a few more yards.
Eve holds up the bag again. She upends it suddenly, and violently shakes it—the flower falls limply onto the dirt.
He looks up at the portal, bright in the night but growing dimmer. Cas’s grip goes slack, as his fingers unlink at Dean’s shoulder and he drifts back into unconsciousness—dead weight in Dean’s arms again. Dean hefts him up again, securing his grip. Then he steps through the portal to begin the long journey home through the dark.
Castiel lifts his hand and holds it over Caleb’s leg. His hand begins to glow. Caleb and Melly both watch in wonder. Then the light FLICKERS again.
A single murdered vampire doesn’t get the express train that Dick Roman gets. This route to Purgatory isn’t a portal; it’s a long, dark river. When Dean leans in to mutter to Cas, “I wonder what’s with the OSHA getup,” nodding at the reaper, Castiel realizes that Dean is anxious. He’s frightened of the unknown risks, or worried they’re going too far, maybe. The reaper is ushering them through a dark, undefined space, framed on all sides by curtains that move heavily, as if full of water, balloons filled to bursting. Castiel remembers waking up in the Empty, but he doesn’t remember the Veil, if he’s been here before. It doesn’t remind him of the malicious substance of the Empty—this place seems awake, but not conscious. The reaper pushes it out of the way with the ease of a professional. The vampire’s spirit follows right behind her, and Dean trails behind, followed by Castiel. Then they see light ahead of her, a dusty, reddish warmth, and they come out into a wider space while she holds the curtain open for them. When Castiel steps out, she lets it fall behind him.
(a quote from a movie about a rodent), he was not taking his own advice. He told Cas to navigate, but Cas was more focused on how Dean was speeding and tailgating his way down the highway. “You need to slow down, Dean, you’re going to hurt someone,” he said as another truck moved out of the left lane so Dean could hurtle past it. “Or damage the car.” Dean ignored him and asked him again what exit they were supposed to be going to?
The last thing he wants is to be alone with his thoughts. “You meet many vamps in this great land?” he asks his leviathan escort.
Then the photos are tacked up around the map, and Castiel is drawing Xs around the lake, holding one file up for reference. Jack reads another file.
Castiel turns, but not fast enough. A dark silhouette rears up behind him, and HITS him, knocking him out.
“Yeah. Same river,” says Dean, looking upstream. “Well, I mean. You know what they say about stepping in the same river twice.”
he thought and then ducked, reaching for it. When Dean attacked again, he held the bar between both hands, and luckily Dean wrapped his fingers around it to pull it away. That’s when the ghost got pulled out of his body and Dean fell to the ground.
“Dean please don’t do this. I want to talk to you, please” he pleaded but nothing happened at first. After a few minutes of anticipating silence, the lock clicked and the door opened, a frustrated and sad expression masking his features. He walked past Cas and into his bedroom, sitting down on the edge of Castiel’s old bed. The blue-eyed boy sat down next to him but didn't say anything and instead waited for Dean to start talking.
“You can’t ruin anything. It’s perfect and I’m sure that whatever you’ll say will make it even better.” He told him honestly. Dean huffed, cleared his throat and then asked.
The date was set to be in one month, at the end of November, which was really fast.  Cas was really happy about this because his life finally was going well, or at least better than before. He was still afraid of showing his scars but he pushed that thought away for the moment.
fill the room. He closed his eyes and imagined how he life would have been without Dean. He couldn't. Even though he tried, he couldn't. A knock on the door pulled him out of his thoughts and he opened his eyes. dean entered the room closely followed by another man. Dean sat next to Cas, a plate with scrambled eggs and bacon in his hand. The other man took a chair and sat opposite to Cas. "So I thought you must be hungry. This is Sam by the way, my younger brother" Dean said happily. "Hey I'm Sam. I've heard a lot a bout you Castiel. I hope you're doing fine. Dean told me what happened and I am really sorry." Sam said, a kind of concerned look on his face. "Thanks Sam". After the usual small-talk, Cas and Sam got into a conversation about poetry and Dean looked clearly annoyed.
“If we lose then, nothing will change. The police will stop investigating and they will be free to go, leaving us without having achieved anything and with a lot to pay” he said sadly. Cas dropped his gaze looking at his hands. Dean reached his out and intertwined their fingers.
“Then why did you never flirt with me?” He asked, eyes a mixture of hurt and anger. Dean was taken aback, gaping at Cas.
Once inside, Dean pushed him against the nearest wall and started kissing him again, Cas melting against Dean and moaning softly. Dean licked into his mouth, letting his tongue dance with Cas’. When he eventually pulled back, he was panting, a stupid grin on his face.
, playing in the background as he pulled out of Castiel’s driveway and onto the street, the back car leaving the small apartment behind. Cas intertwined their fingers before looking out the window at the passing cars. He though back at the events of the last year and how his live had changed. He would have never thought that he would find happiness within another person. Inside a person that truly
Cas let out a heavy sight, finishing his breakfast. He was so worried about Dean and what he could do today. He knew this day was really hard for him but Cas had to at least try and make him feel a little better.
“Just take it Cas. I don’t want you to catch a cold,” the green-eyed boy interrupted him. Cas knew how stubborn Dean could be and so he put the jacket on, smiling gratefully at Dean. Soon after, their taxi arrived and they drove to their hotel, holding hands the whole time.
About a month after they had come back from that hunt, another couple was killed after leaving that same bar.
Dean shot him an angry look. “I said I’m fine.” His voice was filled with rage and he gripped the steering wheel so tightly that his knuckles turned white. Then he started the engine, leading them on the empty road.
Cas frowned at the note and made his way to the coffee machine to make himself a coffee. He had no idea what he should do and so he went upstairs and pulled his notebook out. He started scribbling pieces of poems and songs down until he had enough and decided to go out and discover the city alone. He walked through bookstores and tried on different shirts and jackets until he decided to buy a beige trench coat. He had seen it when he was walking out of a store and decided to try it on. He loved it and bought it without hesitation. He was so happy with his purchase that when he exited the shop he put the long trench coat on, which was something he never did. When lunch came around he went to a coffee shop and ordered something to eat and a cappuccino. His phone started ringing and when he saw who was calling he almost dropped it. The name on the screen read
He waited a little time and after there was no response he went to bed. The next morning he woke up pretty early since he had class this morning. After class he went to the supermarket. He put everything he needed in his basket, which was mostly pie and some things for breakfast and dinner, and then went to the meat section go get some bacon and some ribs. When he reached the aisle, he almost walked into another customer that was grabbing something out of the refrigerator. There, at the other end of the aisle, was the guy from the library. He could have spotted him everywhere. He walked up to him and tapped his shoulder. The other man turned around and he saw that he froze. Blue eyes looked at him and for a second Dean froze too. He put on a smile “hey" Dean said. The guy didn't answer right away but after a second or two he finally spoke “Hey... Dean wasn’t it?” “Yes..." "Castiel" Dean repeated his name in his head.
In this chapter we learn more about Castiel's childhood and what a "normal" day in his life used to be. They also have another encounter with Lucifer...
The next day he put on a pair of jeans without holes and a plain, long-sleeved shirt. He almost grabbed his black leather jacket out of habit but then put on his beige trench coat. Even though he wasn’t wearing it a lot he still loved that coat and felt like he could smite people with it. Downstairs he grabbed some breakfast and then entered his car. He drove to school blasting some
“It’s beautiful,” Cas told him as his hand started moving further down his sides and then back up and over his arms. He spent a few more minutes touching Dean’s bare chest before he pulled his hands back to himself, looking at them.
“For being there for me today and for helping me get over this day. I really appreciated it and I think Sammy did too.” Castiel leaned forward and pressed their lips together. The kiss was soft at first but soon got more passionate. Cas broke off their kiss and turned back onto his back, looking at the ceiling again.
The whole time he was singing he was looking into Deans eyes. He smiled when he finished and let the music bleed out. The night was silent and Dean didn't say anything, he just stared at Cas. Then he leaned forward and kissed Castiel. It was a short kiss and Dean pulled back enough to look into Castiel's blue eyes. "I love you Castiel Novak" Dean said. Cas only hesitated for a moment before replying with "I love you too Dean Winchester". They kissed again and Cas smiled into the kiss. The kiss got more passionate and They were soon making out. Dean pulled Cas onto his lap and then slowly stood up, Cas wrapping his legs around Dean's waist. They walked up the stairs like that and found themselves on Dean's bed. They were pulling at each others shirts until they were only in their pants. Dean's hands found the edge of Castiel's pants and started pulling them down but a hand stopped him. Dean looked up and saw Cas looking at him with a somewhat scared expression. Dean immediately stopped and  laid down besides Cas. "I am sorry" Cas said "but I am not ready yet" he looked at Dean with a apologizing expression. "Hey you don't have to be sorry. We can take it slow. I got carried away..." Dean said in embarrassment. Instead of saying something, Cas brushed over his cheek with his hand. "I said I wasn't ready for
“Cas listen to me, you didn’t ruin anything. I hadn’t even thought that we would be making out tonight and to be honest I don’t want to be drunk either when we sleep together. The night was, and still is, perfect because I am with you and no matter what we do, it’s great.” When Cas finally looked at him there was pure honesty in his eyes.
The next morning he woke up at 9am. He showered and ate breakfast. He hadn't gotten a new message and figured he had made a fool out of himself. After lunch his phone rang. It was Anna, who wanted to know if he'd gotten a response. He told her what happened and she told him not to worry that much. After they had hung up Castiel had to do a grocery run because his fridge was empty. He made a list of the things he needed and then got in his car.
Dean pulled him closer, pressing their bodies together before doing the same with Castiel’s jacket. Dean’s hand moved to his thighs, pulling Cas up so he could wrap his legs around Dean. Suddenly Cas was being turned around quickly as Dean walked them to the bed, laying Cas down softly. He climbed on top of him, never breaking their kiss. Dean’s hands opened Castiel’s tie, tossing it to the ground. Cas mimicked his gesture, after pulling him closer by grabbing his tie. Castiel’s fingers ran through Dean’s hair messing it up. The other man’s hands found the hem of Castiel’s shirt.
His hands were combing through Dean’s styled hair, messing it up, while Dean’s hands were roaming his sides, gliding up and down.
Before Dean could suck a hickey into Castiel’s skin, the doorbell rang and they pulled away quickly, lips swollen and both panting slightly. Dean helped Cas sit up before he went to answer the door. He heard another voice and soon Jo was standing in their living room.
"Fine but not long..." Cas didn't get to finish his sentence because soft lips were placed on his. Dean walked around the sofa and then sat next to Cas and continued kissing him. The kisses got more heated and Castiel's fingers pulled at Dean's hair. The other man's hands were gliding over Castiel's back and then underneath his shirt. Cas shivered at the touch but didn't say anything, only when Dean's hands started pulling his shirt up.
“Yes,” he admitted, his face still serious. Gabe walked closer, now standing almost in front of their father. He cleared his throat before continuing.
Turns out a shower was not what Dean needed. He was standing underneath the hot spray, his thoughts wandering to his best friend, his crush, with his stupid blue eyes and messy hair and that deep voice that sent shivers down Deans’ spine… ‘
“Cas you are beautiful. I don’t mind your scars because they are a part of you and every part of you is just great. On the outside as well as on the inside, and even if you don’t believe me, you are beautiful to me” he said leaning forward and kissing Cas gently. When they broke away Cas smiled weakly.
So guys, new chapter. I just wanted to say that we have only three chapters left (if you count in the
The week passed without Dean mentioning Castiel's outburst anymore, which Cas was grateful for. When they had to say goodbye, Dean kissed him for a long time. It seemed as if he wanted to remember every inch of Castiel's lips until they would meet again. Castiel packed his stuff into a bag and then went to the train station to take his train. He took the train because even though he had a drives-license, his parents still thought that he drove anywhere by bus or train. His mother picked him up at the train station three hours later. They hugged and Castiel had to tell her everything about college. He was quite happy that his mother came alone. He learned that his father would come home at seven pm and that Lucifer would probably stay out late. This information made Castiel relax a little.
“Sheriff just called, said that he found the file we were looking for. Send it to me. Sammy, can you pull it up?” Dean asked his brother who was typing on his laptop. Sam nodded and pulled up the file. He skimmed it with his eyes before he apparently found what they were looking for.
Dean looked at him not believing what his brother had just asked him. “No” was his only reply before entering the car. Sam probably knew that there would be no use in arguing with Dean and so he went to the back an entered the car. Dean grunted when he sat down.
“I’ve gotta go now, I hope you’ll have a great time," Benny said before leaving the two boys alone again.
“I would like to call Mr. Novak to the stand,” Gabriel said, face serious. Castiel’s father took the seat at the front of the room.
Changing their plans they went to the movies instead. The rain had mostly stopped when they pulled into a parking space a few meters away from the theater. Dean went ahead and bought the tickets while Cas took care of the snacks and drinks. He was standing in front of a table waiting for Dean when two strong arms were slung around his waist. He looked to see an exited Dean looking down at him.
At the cafe, they both ordered a coffee and some scrambled eggs with bacon. „So Sammy was very happy to be home again and see his old friends." Dean said while they waited for their food. "That sounds great. You told me that Sam lives with you?" Cas asked. "Yea he does. He somehow got a scholarship for that High School, don't ask me how, and after I got accepted at college, we moved there together." They food arrived and after that they didn't talk much. Cas was in his own thought and didn't realize that Dean was calling his name. " Cas?... Cas?". "Yea?" Cas said confused. "What is going on?" the other man asked concerned. "Nothing. I'm fine." They exited the shop and went to the park, to take a walk.
“Should you remember something, don’t hesitate to call.” The man took the card and then left after a polite goodbye, telling them he had to get back to work.
“Just with some friends.” He answered easily and took a sip from his new beer. Jake nodded with a grin, eyes flicking to Dean’s lips. Dean noticed the movement and smirked before he leaned over and whispered.
Dean and Cas were lying in Dean's bed, listening to music. Dean was combing through Castiel's hair. "We need to put Lucifer into prison or otherwise he will hurt someone else" Cas said suddenly and Dean stopped mid motion, looking at his boyfriend. "Yea I know vbut are you sure this is what you want" Dean asked, a bit concerned. "Yes I thought about it a lot and I know he is my brother but it's for the best. I don't want my younger brothers going through the same things I did" Cas said, his voice confident. Dean knew Cas was right and he would support him. He wanted that bastard locked away as much as Castiel wanted it. "Okay we will go to the police first thing on Monday" Dean stated before changing the subject. "So I heard you play". His eyes wandered over to were Cas was lying, his head on Dean's lap. "It sounded really good" he continued and Castiel stared blushing, turning his head away from dean in embarrassment. "It's not bad but it's nothing special" Castiel's voice was flustered. "ea I mean there were some bad notes but hey, nobody can sing as good as I can" Dean joked. Cas grabbed a pillow and hit him in the face before they both stared laughing and Castiel felt so happy at that moment. He felt whole and like nobody could take that happiness away from him but that luck wouldn't last.
“I love you too” Dean whispered back, making Cas smile. Cas had a fucked up past but when he was together with Dean, he could forget all of the bad things that had happened to him and just be himself and he knew that he was not planning on ever leaving Dean.
“Hey,” he said back, both smiling goofily. The officiant started speaking, addressing the room. She went through the formal things pretty quickly and soon it was time for the vows.
Outside he was hit by the fresh air, which he appreciated. His whole face was red by now and he barely made t to his car before dropping his backpack on the passenger’s seat and collapsing into his own. Castiel didn't start the motor; he just sat there trying to figure out what had happened. He laid everything out in chronological order. He went to the library after buying a coffee, then he sat at a table and started doing research for his essay, he lost track of time, when he decided to go home his coffee had been replaced by another, which had the number of the cute guy from college on it, and then he left as soon as possible. He wasn't sure what to do, so he changed his plans and drove to Anna's.
“Anyways I have this old Chevy Impala 64 and I’ve been working on this car for so long but I just can’t get it up and running,” Ash told them and Cas could see excitement flare up in Dean’s eye before he spoke.
“Yup,” he agreed, “and now he ruined the mood,” Castiel added, a slight disappointment in his voice. Dean just smirked at that and climbed back over Cas, lowering his head and capturing his lips again.
“Cas they are beautiful. You are beautiful.” Dean’s voice was soft but confident at the same time. He knew that Dean meant what he said even if he couldn’t quite believe him. He dropped his gaze again.
Dean made eggs and bacon and they sat down at the couch. Their classes for the net week had been cancelled due to some financial problems, which meant that they had one more week before they had to be back in Lawrence. They went to the city that day and walked through, for Dean's taste, way to many bookstores. They were at the sixth shop when Dean pulled Castiel towards the back of the shop. "What are you doing" Cas asked but Dean had just smiled at him sheepishly. Dean suddenly stopped and Cas almost bummed into him. "What the..." Cas said before he saw what Dean was looking at. A photo booth. "You are kidding, right" Cas said staring at Dean. "No" he said happily. "I am not going inside there" Cas said and tried to pull his hand out of Deans grip. "Come on please" Dean whined and pulled him back. "We have been walking through bookstores the whole day, let's have some fun. Please. Do it for me. I want to remember this day with my boyfriend". His
“Hey,” Cas greeted, walking up to her and giving her a hug. The three adults sat down on the couch, Dean and Cas leaving a bit of space between them.
“Dean, I fell in love with you the moment I saw you, almost six and a half years ago. I never thought that I would even talk to you but then you made the first move. I still remember the shy smile on your lips. A few weeks later, and after already going through a lot, we were together. You were there when nobody else was and everything in my life was falling apart. You helped me grow and put the pieces of my broken soul back together. Each day that passes, I love you more. You make me feel whole again, like our souls were meant to be together. We have both been through a lot in our lives but I promise you Dean Winchester that I’ll always be there for you, no matter what because I love you and I can’t imagine sharing the rest of my life with anybody else,” Cas concluded. Tears were running down Dean’s face, a gorgeous smile on his lips as he wiped away the wet dots on his cheeks.
