You made me better, John, and I wish there was something I could say to ease your pain. But I was never good with feelings, any that I did have were for you. We just didn’t get our chance.
“Go back to sleep,” Sherlock’s voice was tense.
“Fair enough,” John got up, wincing as his knees protested the hard floor and sat instead on the coffee table between their chairs, “In the interest of full disclosure, If I’d had the slightest idea you were interested, we’d have been having this conversation years ago.”
Sherlock grinned, his face full of wicked delight, “Could be dangerous. Still want to see?”
“You’ll return to Mary, I’ll remain here, we’ll see each other at crime scenes and our lives will continue much the same as they are now, I would assume,” The clipped words were toneless as Sherlock studied the newspaper, face tight.
“That was…,” Sherlock finally managed.
“I want you… “ John leaned to one side, whispering into Sherlock’s ear, “I don’t want some act… some reserved, carefully judged version of how you think I want you.” John nuzzled closer and sucked his earlobe between his lips before continuing, “I just… need… you.”
It was a relief when the emergency crew descended to the water, dealing with the chains and efficiently winching them both to safety. Even more of a relief was when John began to stir under the ministrations of the paramedics, slowly gaining awareness and quickly progressing to intelligent conversation with the medics about his core temp, damage to extremities, and planning the fastest route to recovery.
The warm wool of Sherlock’s coat above them and John’s clothes below surrounded them in familiar smells as they shifted and moved in the enclosed space, elbows connected with metal sides, bringing sharp hisses of pain, followed by giggles at the ridiculousness of their situation. Hips rolled and rocked, hands moving on sweaty skin as they worked out how they fit together. The pitch blackness robbed them of their primary sense giving sound, and scent, and touch greater prominence and importance.
“It’s
John had knelt up and sat back on his heels, gloriously naked and presented for Sherlock’s perusal. There was not a scrap of hesitation or embarrassment in his posture, comfortable and in control of the room. From the nest of ginger-blonde curls at his crotch, his cock thrust out, so long and heavy that it leaned away from his tight abdominals.
“Mr… ‘sentiment gets in the way’…”
“I can’t promise –“ Sherlock managed huskily.
“It’s done now. Done and gone,” John murmured.
“Why not?” Sherlock asked pensively.
Sherlock didn’t let him finish. Instead, he walked into the room, brushed past John and leaned to lift the bundle lovingly, clutching it to his chest before pivoting and walking back through the door and down the hall.
Sherlock’s crystal enunciation and deep baritone echoed down the stairs and even before John stepped through the door, he rather suspected he’d find Sherlock perched on the back of his leather chair, the skull in his outstretched hand.
“You’re a doctor, John, you know what I have planned. You’re going to take off your coat and jumper, which we’ll use together with both our trousers to insulate ourselves against the cold metal drawer. We’ll use my coat over us, the wool will help conserve our body heat.”
John and Molly looked at each other and then to Sherlock, “Not to us, it’s not.”
“I think you do,” she flipped open the cover, “he’s been killing for years, John, right under your nose.”
“So…” Sherlock stared at his glass, avoiding John’s patient stare.
As John padded back down the hall in stockinged feet, Sherlock tried to calm his erratic thoughts. Now that he’d committed to talking, he wasn’t at all sure what he was going to say.
Sherlock’s mouth lifted wryly, “See, I told you that if you spent enough time with me, your deductive abilities would improve.”
Sherlock’s fingers fisted in the woolen fabric of John’s coat as he leaned forward, seemingly wanting to pull the shorter man closer than physical limits would allow. With a deep growl he rumbled against John’s mouth, “Off; take your coat off.”
Slowly, Sherlock focussed on him. Yet his face remained blank and his voice was flat when he finally responded, “Oh, I didn’t realise you were here.”
“Might I call you Sherlock? Just here at Baker Street, when we’re alone. Would it be alright, would that go some way to tell you of my regard, or would it make things worse?” John had to firm up his grip at Sherlock’s hips as he shuddered and closed his eyes with a ragged breath.
Greg looked thoughtful as they watched the pale man in the Belstaff, “You know what it’s like? It’s like he’s turning back into who he was before you came along. Reserved, distant, and uncommunicative. I’d almost forgotten what he was like back then.”
“Yes, I suppose we are.” Sherlock eased his hands, which had been gripping the arms of his chair, around John’s waist, “dictate your terms, hunter.”
Sherlock swiftly calculated the risk inherent in committing to an unknown compared with the certainty already in play. He rapidly considered a dozen plausible explanations as to how John might have ruined his bed while skirting around the inconvenient truth; that the smell of John lingering on his sheets was distractingly arousing. In the end, he simply winced and nodded.
Which left John with a slight problem, with the knowledge that Sherlock’s magic required the use of his hands; Graceful, mystical, complex gestures in which he wove and gestured in arcs and whorls, John couldn’t stop watching them. The movements were the most intoxicating, addicting things John had ever seen, and John could barely even look at Sherlock’s hands, even at rest, without his vision beginning to white out around the edges as blood rushed south to tighten at his groin.
His friend had asked.
I’m not sure how to even begin, except to say I’m sorry and to beg your forgiveness for the shock that you will no doubt feel on receipt of this note.
“What would people think, John?”
The grip didn’t lighten, however he lifted his left hand holding the self-injector, showing it to Sherlock, “Then perhaps the silver nitrate was the
“I rather think Mary would be more appropriate given the delicate nature of the matter we’re discussing… Sherlock.”
“Not often,” Sherlock’s tone had changed. There was something apologetic in it in response to John’s judgement, “Anderson a bit, Donovan…” he looked entreatingly, “but they were being idiots!”
“No… “ he replied weakly.
What he could see of the top surface was richly embroidered and of far weightier material than he’d first thought. It was about the size of Sherlock’s Belstaff when folded for travel and John wondered if it too was a coat, albeit a garishly coloured one.
“I don’t need to,” belligerence clear in the tight line of his mouth.
“But it’s over now, Sherlock. It’s all in the open, and it’s time. You must know that.”
“Mrs Watson…”
“You won’t like it.”
Mary’s eyes crinkled and she smiled at Sherlock’s discomfort, “Oh Sherlock, only you could be so blatant in your statements and yet still give the illusion of respecting my feminine sensibilities. Let us speak plainly, Sherlock. Yes, my husband still attends his obligations in our marital bed, and I don’t want or expect that will change. However, I’m not naïve enough to mistake the way he looks at you.” Mary stared unflinchingly as she lay her cards on the table.
“Perhaps we could agree to a truce,” Sherlock offered tiredly, “or at least a stalemate.” Sherlock looked at the man in his bed, “You’re too weak to run, and I’ve had my fill of your blood tonight.”
It was bad enough that it had all been done after that same ex-assassin had shot Sherlock in the chest.
Sherlock frowned and murmured petulantly, “Then perhaps you should have taken them with you.”
Sherlock’s breath caught as John pressed against him from chest to thigh and their erections pressed, obvious even through layers of winter tweed, “I’ve heard you have something of a reputation, Doctor Watson… Something about
“Right.” There was a rattling and an electronic whoosh, “Ok, done.”
“FUCKING RIGHT YOU’RE MINE!” John shouted as he rammed himself home.
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock managed weakly, “I don’t mean to want this.”
“Oh for God’s sake, tell Molly it can wait until the morning. Mary went into premature labour and I’m —”
John couldn’t find it in his heart to disagree. Sherlock’s naturally cooler skin temperature came as a soothing balm to the heated flush of his skin. “I shouldn’t be here.”
“But I
“Well, I say relocated,” Sherlock’s head bobbed to the side briefly, “let us say, reallocated.”
“The car’s here. I’m leaving, OK?” John’s voice was hesitant.
“There’s nothing to be sorry for. I have some experience of what sometimes occurs between some men in the army. I always seemed to me that they were no more in control of their hearts than anyone else.” John ran a calming hand along Sherlock’s flank.
Mycroft had been angry; absolutely burning with barely suppressed rage. While the team had begrudgingly accepted that once John’s heat had hit, there’d been little chance of the outcome being other than the two of them ending up together, Mycroft was furious that Sherlock had bonded with John. As it turned out, John was the first Omega male to present, and the lab team had been practically buzzing with plans to match him with a number of Alpha females they had back at the lab.
“Hang on, John.” He secured the end with shaking hands, tying it off and putting his body weight behind it to check it would hold, “I’m here.”
The door to the morgue slid shut with a metallic, and very final-sounding click that brought Sherlock’s head swinging up from the corpse he was looking at.
“No, it’s…” Sherlock eased smoothly out of the bed and peeled his soiled pyjamas off, tossing them carelessly toward the bathroom door, “fine.”
John took the opportunity to put some space between them and rubbed his neck, surreptitiously checking for blood on his fingers.
John ran a soothing hand up Sherlock’s back, wishing he could see Sherlock’s face, but thinking perhaps the darkness was a gift, “Are you sure?”
But there are some things that, although John and I have never discussed it, will never be shared beyond the four walls of 221B Baker Street.
“Alright?” Came the question, although the tone indicated he knew the answer already.
wonders if my bloody vampire might want a fucking bedtime snack!”
“Yes, thank you,” Sherlock smiled, this was easier than he expected, John’s quiet comfort a panacea to his rattled nerves, “Well, as you can imagine, times were different in the nineteen hundreds, people were less… tolerant.”
“And as such, Mr Holmes,” She paused to pluck a thread from her gown, “as a man who also… seeks out the aberrant… I ask you if you will grant my husband, and therefore me, a boon.”
The next two weeks were awful. Sherlock drifted around the flat like a ghost. Often gone before John woke up and returning long after he was in bed. Mrs Hudson, ever vigilant, had done her best to give the two men some space. Casseroles mysteriously appeared in the fridge, clean linens on the doorstep. More than once, John had retreated to her cosy kitchen when the mood in 221B became unbearably tense.
“It’s really
John blushed and took the seat next to her, “Not as such, no. They weren’t exactly,” he searched for the right word and settled on, “non-consensual.”
The light was too bright, and the sounds too loud when John stumbled into the kitchen the following morning. Sherlock was already deep in concentration, fully dressed and bent over his microscope.
“I’m in love with you.”
to him, that he couldn’t do without you.” Janine pulled out a revolver from the back of her tailored trousers, “Well he’s going to need to learn how.”
“Would you have let me do… this?” John rasped, sliding a hand down Sherlock’s torso to palm him through his trousers as Sherlock bucked against him with a hiss.
“Sherlock!” He called to where Sherlock was standing some distance away, the tail of his Belstaff moving in the wind as Sherlock faced away.
who have a few pints with, call each other an arsehole and then it’s all fine the next day. I told you once, long ago; I don’t have friends. There’s never been anyone who spared a kind word for me,” Sherlock looked down at his hands, flat and tense on the table, “… until you. You came along and called me
**--**
“John, yes.” She nodded, “You would be aware, Mr Holmes, that John and I do not lead the most typical of lives.”
“There wasn’t anything sexual in it,” when John glanced up to see a sceptical look on Sherlock’s face he swiftly added, “No, there wasn't… Well, not beyond… look, it’s complicated. You don’t understand, Holmes, you can’t possibly. They never touched me back, that would have been…” He risked another glance, “inappropriate. It was just doing what needed to be done.”
“So, in other words you lack the impetus to return home,” Sherlock’s mouth quirked up at the corner.
“There’s a… response, when a feeding is… “ Sherlock hesitated, “… satisfying. It triggers a desire to seek out the same donor. I was serious when I said to you that I refused to have this ruin us, John. Instinct was already in play, and the thought of losing you was… distasteful.”
Sherlock’s eyes widened, “No,” he said decisively “No, I wouldn’t do that to you,” he cocked his head thoughtfully, “actually, I’m not sure I
“We’re not supposed to let you bite us, we’re supposed to kill you. Alright,” John sat heavily in his chair, “what’s proximity anxiety?”
John woke sometime during the night, still surrounded by Sherlock’s scent, which he thought probably explained the lurid dream he’d awoken from. In the altogether irrational world that dreams are wont to muster, not only had he and Holmes had been naked, they’d been engaged in the most depraved of activities in the back of a very public hansom cab. For some unknown reason that he didn’t wish to dwell on, his unconscious mind had helpfully supplied what seemed a very plausible version of the exact groan the detective would likely make as John had lazily fisted his cock in time with the bouncing and jostling of the wheels.
Sherlock only grunted in response, which John took as a good sign as their thrusts became more erratic, more desperate.
John considered for a moment, “No, but he was like that this morning. I tried to ask him but he shrugged me off. You want me to come and get him?”
“Can I…?” Sherlock hesitantly hooked a thumb under the waistband and paused, uncertain.
John’s sudden intake of breath brought his chest into contact with Sherlock’s fingers again with another tingling brush against the raised nub.
. “John,” she added brightly, “wasn’t expecting you two.”
a struggle,” he murmured as he watched John silently unfurl a single finger to suck it into his mouth and Sherlock moaned weakly.
As he opened the door to his bedroom, he paused and said, very clearly, “And then perhaps I won’t be a… how did you put it?...
John couldn’t help the glance downward, to where Sherlock’s genitals lay, not quite hidden behind the hanging front of his shirt. Sherlock coughed loudly and he flicked his eyes upward again.
“You said it would be difficult,” he murmured into the fabric.
And am not
“Does what have to be me?” Sherlock asked from the darkness of his bed.
‘The visit from Mycroft’ had come shortly after John’s heat had passed and had ended with Mycroft shoved up against the wall; Sherlock’s long fingers wrapped none too gently around his brother’s neck.
“No,” he answered quickly before blurting out, “…yes. I… I don’t know.”
A huff of relief ruffled the hair around John’s ear as Sherlock murmured, “It’s like scratching an itch you can’t quite reach,” He pulled gently at John, testing out his reactions, “or the first cup of tea after a case has been solved.”
the cause.” Sherlock said evenly.
Bag hanging from his hand, John looked up in resignation, “Please what? Sherlock, I don’t understand.”
“Don’t be ridiculous, Sherlock. This is our room with, obviously, my bed in it. Where I intend to sleep. Let me in.”
“Oh, I see,” Sherlock said quietly, tugging the edges of the sheet a little closer together only serving to expose a long leg with a dusting of dark hair.
It didn’t take long, and John watched enthralled, as Sherlock steadied his stance, the roll in his shoulder picking up speed before he suddenly curled forward and then shuddered violently, wobbling on his wide placed feet. Finally, there was a movement, presumably as he refastened his trousers, squared his shoulders and walked back to the car, pushing past John on the way, flushed and avoiding his eyes.
“Tsk, tsk. No password, you really ought to be more careful about security, Molly. You never know who could break into your private data.”
John took the hand and let himself be pulled up, clinging pathetically to Sherlock’s lean frame and leaning close to nestle against the thick Belstaff coat, nuzzling in and smelling the vague musk and cigarette smell that never quite left the fabric.
“Fuck the other courses,” John muttered in frustration, “I want my dessert, Sherlock. I
John’s brittle expression softened minutely as the corner of his mouth tugged upward slightly, “Course you did, don’t know why I was surprised.”
, John thought,
But Sherlock pushed ahead, “And then, Moriarty… I know you don’t accept that what I did, but you must know why I did it?” He turned to stare at John, hands beseeching and the volume of his voice rising, “you MUST.”
John watched as Sherlock began unbuttoning the buttons on his shirt with fingers already pale and a little blue, before holding up a hand, “Wait… WAIT! Slow down, perhaps you’d better explain this to me.”
Sherlock waved a dismissive hand, “And I suspect I gave it the attention it deserved. In any case, I’m sure Mrs Hudson will relish the opportunity to cook for an appreciative audience again, I fear I don’t pay her cooking the attention she feels it deserves.”
John nodded shakily, not trusting his voice as Sherlock’s hand circled lower again and his mind screamed that with just another inch, the back of Sherlock’s hand would brush against his erection. He feared that if he opened his mouth, words like Please, and yes, and touch me, would tumble out. He wanted that touch badly, but perhaps Sherlock had doubts.
“I’m not unaffected myself,” and with a gentle roll of his hips, the barest suggestion of Sherlock’s erection brushed against the back of John’s underwear, “which, I’ll admit, is something of a unique experience for me.”
Silence fell in the room, both men staring at each other and seeming to struggle as to the next logical step, given their resolution. Finally, John pushed himself to his feet and moved to the door, each step away from the bed more difficult than the last.
“Hmmm?” Sherlock turned from where he was sitting at the breakfast table, delightfully rumpled in robe and pyjamas.
“Of course,” Sherlock muttered and edged to the far side as John shuffled up to sit on top of the blankets, fully clothed but for shoes.
John tensed and his breathing rate picked up at the sound of her name on Sherlock’s lips, “Why Molly?”
Whatever the case, he’d respect Sherlock’s privacy, give him space and do as he promised. He’d go inside, get them a table by the fire and he’d order them dinner.
I saw you as the strong one, you see. The steady hand at my back, the gun pointed resolutely, the stubborn tolerance of my continual vagaries. Quite honestly, John, I thought you’d be well rid of me.
“Look. I’m just gonna come over there, just for a bit and we’ll… umm… we’ll talk about it a bit more if you want to. OK?”
John stroked a thumb over Sherlock’s cheekbone, wanting nothing more than to keep this soft, sleepy look of satisfaction on Sherlock’s face forever, “I don’t mind. If it helps, I’ve wanted to do this for months.”
“John…” Sherlock whispered, clearly drowning in all the possibilities that filled his mind.
John hissed an indrawn breath and jerked away from where Sherlock’s lips were so close to his ear, “Not here,” he muttered, and snatched his hand away, “are you
“But I could,” There was a fragile hesitancy in Sherlock’s words.
John blinked slowly. Could it be that simple? Start afresh, turn the disaster into new hope. He mentally shrugged, it was worth a try. He leaned forward, mimicking Sherlock’s pose, elbows on the table, “So… do you have a girlfriend?”
‘I’m here, John, I’m here,” he slid to a stop, his shins impacting hard against the stone edge, “I’ll get you out.”
“Like what?”
, and I
They’ve moved me, John. I no longer know where I’m being held, which means any chance of escape is virtually gone. This is likely to be the last opportunity for me to put pen to paper, so I’m honour bound to make it count for something.
From the point of view of Scotland Yard, nothing changed. Sherlock was very careful in ensuring they never caught a glimpse of what he could do.
They lapsed into silence again, and John could feel the cadence of a heartbeat where his back pressed against Sherlock’s chest and the solid press of Sherlock’s erection was a welcome distraction where it pressed against his arse.
John started a little, jolted back out of whatever thoughts had distracted him, “Hmm, what?”
“Ambulance, John…go get an ambulance.” Sherlock muttered, trying to push him away, “Go to the end of the alley and call.”
Sherlock stilled momentarily as he worked through the three simple words, “You’re immune!” he murmured in delighted wonder.
“Still,” Sherlock flexed his feet, rubbing his toes against John’s hip, “I wouldn’t want to ask you to… cook, if you… weren’t hungry.”
“You need to deaden the memories, I understand. You have more cause than most, and I won’t stop you. I only ask that you let me watch over you. Keep an eye on your intake.”
“Come on, John. We’re already late,” Sherlock was hailing a cab as John lagged behind on the pavement.
After reading your note over and over to remind me why I struggle to survive, I beg you to forgive me for surrendering now to recklessness one last time and say what I need to wash my soul clean.
Sherlock reached out gently touch John’s knee, “You should already been feeling the benefits of being closer again, calmness, a sense of security?”
John looked over at where Sherlock had pressed his palms against his eyes, and wondered if he was horrified at his volume of disclosure, or fighting the beginnings of a truly well-deserved migraine.
John shivered under Sherlock’s needy grasping at his shoulders, “More than ready… my jeans are ruined” he glanced at where they lay in a sodden pile behind Sherlock. “Fuck, Sherlock. We could have had this for the past three months.”
“You don’t have to be gentle with this, John… with me. I don’t
Sherlock managed only two more circuits with shaky fingers before he spread his fingers wide against the middle of John’s chest and pulled him back ward with a groan, burying his face in the short hairs at a the nape of John’s neck and holding him tight.
For where I was once alone
Sherlock’s eyes widened, surprised
Well, thought John, that was as close as he was going to get to a request to reciprocate and he lifted his hand that lay between them, groping in the dark at Sherlock’s hip until it was clasped firmly in Sherlock’s free hand.
“Nine…” Sherlock rasped around a shuddering breath, “… and a half.”
“Oh God, oh yes, yes,” John’s rhythm had gone to hell as he chased his orgasm, but Sherlock’s hand remained sure and strong, pushing him up to the brink and over it. With one last stuttering thrust, John cried out and his muscles spasmed, clutching the handful of curls in his hand as he cried out and Sherlock moaned in his ear. He felt the wetness hit his abdomen and on Sherlock’s fingers as he stroked him through it, extending the pleasure as burst after burst coated the space between them.
They sat there like that, pressed together and trembling, slick with sweat and release, panting and gasping, hearts thundering against each other for long minutes, until finally, John lowered his head to rest on Sherlock’s shoulder, placing gentle kisses against the skin there as Sherlock leaned against the headboard, arms lax at John’s waist.
Sherlock lifted his head to meet John’s eyes with his own, soft and sad, “You never understood.”
T’was sufficient
“And yet we can’t,” John murmured, still nuzzling at Sherlock’s hand, a tone half confirmation and half plea for Sherlock to dispute it.
**--**
“Hurry –,” The word was cut-off as John’s mouth filled with water and Sherlock tore at his coat, flinging it to the ground as he grabbed the end of the rope and threw himself over the edge, skidding down the walls of the well, trying to slow himself with the soles of his shoes
“Sher…”
Sherlock nodded as realisation dawned on John, “It’s still early, I’m sure they could arrange someone… to… “ Sherlock’s voice cracked, “… take care of you.”
“Sherlock,” John turned back to the tall man standing silently beside the broad metal table, “It’s past midnight, there’s nobody else in the building, and we are now locked in the morgue.”
“Of course, you just… relax and I’ll order for us.”
“Alright,” he said slowly, “What you’re saying is ‘stand down, Watson.’ Fine, I’ve stood down. Now explain… and I think you’d better use small words.”
“Yes, I remember you said I had a rather extravagant moustache,” John smiled, “to accompany your rather extravagant ego,” he added.
“Alas, we are alone and bereft, Billy. John has fled and we are again paler for his absence,” Sherlock called after him.
John may be slow, and somewhat simplistic, but even he would be unable to miss the very clear signs of Sherlock’s very physical response whenever John began speaking of such things and Sherlock’s errant thoughts were left to cast his faithful Doctor in the role of romantic partner.
At the top, the very pinnacle of the list was the unspoken rule that they discuss neither John’s sex life, nor Sherlock’s lack of one. Even though Sherlock was quite blatantly doing everything in his power to scare off any potential partner, they must not, ever, discuss it. Even if Sherlock wandered the flat in a sheet, all lithe grace and elegant pale lines and John’s eyes watched the way he moved and bent, it wasn’t to be mentioned. Even if John leaned over the detective while he was deep in his mind palace and ran a fond hand through dark curls and Sherlock unconsciously arched into the touch like a cat, they must never, under any circumstances, talk about it.
John reached to the floor and picked up the bowl Sherlock had smashed two weeks before. He’d collected all the large shards he could find and methodically glued them together. It’s wasn’t pretty and it was by no way complete, “I tried my best.”
“Ah, yeah. There’s another one on my neck,” he added sheepishly.
Meanwhile, John’s poor neglected cock lay thick in his pants, barely constrained by its fabric prison. Whenever, in desperation, he’d tried to reach and take himself in hand Sherlock had gently and silently taken hold of his arms and shifted them away. He felt like a clock-spring, dangerously close to being over-wound.
"God, Sherlock, your hands," John rasped out, unable to resist the urge to push himself through the circled grip.
“Ahh,” a sharp look of discomfort crossed his face as he averted his eyes, “that may be problematic, Watson.”
But perhaps I’ve been wrong (That statement alone makes me regret writing this note). Perhaps I left more of an impression on you than I’d ………..
It was bad enough that Sherlock had killed a man to try and preserve whatever fucked up life John had been trying to build with an ex-assassin.
“I couldn’t expect you to remain here at Baker Street with me indefinitely. After all, what’s to hold you here, it’s not as if I could meet all your…” Sherlock trailed off searchingly before finally gritting out the word, “… needs.”
, he thought.
“I’m going out,” he announced thickly, heading for the door.
“Hello,” I place a matching kiss to his grey-blonde hair and roll over enough to make my current state beyond question.
“No,” Sherlock confirmed, “Sometimes
“If that’s OK with you, that is?” John looked to Sherlock’s bowed head, wishing he could see his eyes, “I mean, if you don’t think there’s space, or you don’t want us there –.”
Sherlock shock his head, his mouth tight.
Sherlock gasped at the word, Sherlock’s hips surged against him, thrusting instinctively.
“Mmmmm,” The contented noise ceased when he realised their predicament. He gave a huff, “Oh, for God’s sake.”
“Thinking.”
“Yeah,” John playfully ruffled his hair, “you never get us into trouble.”
He looked down at the detective. A bomb could go off in the room at this point and John knew Sherlock wouldn’t stir. Sherlock tried to explain it away as ‘going to his mind-palace’ but John knew better….. John knew the truth.
John sighed and lifted his eyes to the dark skies, trying to get his errant emotions under control before admitting, “Memories, Holmes, only memories for dark and lonely nights.”
“Gladly,” John pushed forward again, tugging Sherlock’s full lower lip between his own and sucking gently, lipping at the smooth flesh for long minutes until Sherlock caught on and started to mirror the action.
“Not sure they’ll go together,” John chuckled, “Sherlock, what do you want to do about that file.”
“I’m beginning to think you haven’t considered the dress-code carefully enough, John,” Sherlock arched casually, free to move in the soft fabric of robe and pyjama pants.
“No, you don’t understand. He’s not at the gas chromatograph, he’s not at the fume cabinet, he’s not
John watched the shift, fighting his familiar awe at Sherlock being consumed by ‘the work’. The space around Sherlock seemed to quieten as his focus sharpened to the information in his hands and without saying a word, John quietly settled into Sherlock’s chair, silently surrendering to the fact that any planned
What made you do that, Sherlock? To this day, it doesn’t make any sense to me. I wish I could ask you. Of all the things I wish I had the chance to ask, that’s the one that preys on my mind.
Returning to his knees, either side of Sherlock’s narrow hips, he settled gently to his haunches, arse barely resting on Sherlock’s thighs and regarded the man below him.
… coming!” The images of Sherlock wrapped around him were finally too much and with a howl, John drove forward as his knot swelled and locked him inside Sherlock’s quivering body, wringing Sherlock’s own climax from him with a startled cry.
His fingers tentatively circle my scrotum and venture backward. There’s no need for words, the question is clear.
Sherlock obliged, rubbing a thumb over the slit again, gathering the wetness there and spreading it, “I’m sorry I used all the lube.”
John felt Sherlock nod against his neck before the pressure disappeared and reappeared as a gentle touch of lips against his, then a second, firmer press, “Very. I want this, want you.”
John watched the flush rise on Sherlock’s cheeks and surmised the unspoken words, “Ahh, I see; and what was my response?”
Sherlock silently rose from his chair and crossed the small space between their chairs, kneeling gently on the floor between John’s spread legs, his purple dressing gown fanning out around his supplicant calves, he drew in a quiet breath and reached out a large hand to lay it on John’s thigh. As John’s eyes sleepily opened and his gaze focussed on Sherlock’s, the detective opened his mouth and uttered the word that would change their world forever…
“Yeah… “ John gasped as the merest glance of teeth grazed his neck, “God help me, I do.”
As John’s eyes held Sherlock’s, the detective opened his mouth and uttered the words that would change their world forever…
“Sher – “
John chuckled gently, “Alright, one hundred and twenty. Go on.”
“Why am I not dead, John?”
“Then I’d share yours, if you’d let me.” Sherlock eased off John’s other sock, tossing it into the darkness behind him.
“Sherlock!”
There was a rumbling chuckle and the edge of the sheets parted from his bed like the tide receding on a beach, “Hop in.”
“Alright…” John chuckled, “I know better than to argue with you. Draw the curtains while I hang this up.”
On shallow, stuttering breaths, John murmured, “meaning?”
“So… “ John rubbed at his wrist again, “I get panic attacks and you get… what… a portable snack bar?”
“I beg to disagree.” Sherlock’s fingertips traced the nodules of John’s spine through his T-shirt.
“Impatient?” John chuckled.
“What’s so important about this one?” John glanced down at the autopsy sheet of a seventeen year old girl. She’d been found near Scarborough in Northeast England. The details were specific enough to leave no doubt in John’s mind that this had been a vampire kill.
John glanced over to find Sherlock was again idly running his hands up and down his thighs, thumbs drifting suspiciously close to his crotch and was unsurprised at the familiar twinge of lust that the movement generated in his own jeans.
“No, you wait John. You people, you…hunters” He virtually spat the words, “think you’re so virtuous, so righteous. Has it crossed your mind for one moment…just one…that you’re no better than those you hunt?”
“John,” Molly’s bright voice greeted him as she scanned the space behind him, “not trailing in Sherlock’s wake today?”
But Sherlock was nodding slowly, “You always were a romantic.”
John tugged at Sherlock’s hair, just to see what would happen and was rewarded with a moan.
John sighs and flexes his shoulders, tugging the blanket back up to cover us both.
In a daze, he didn’t even speak to John before heading for the door, leaving the new father with his tiny pink bundle sitting in the rocking chair.
understand that I’m doing this because I want you, not because I don’t?”
As is the answer as I shuffle closer, granting him the extra reach he needs to conquer his destination.
John is, and never has been, entirely submissive. It just doesn't work that way between them.
“Yes.” John held Sherlock’s gaze.
I am hovering over him, his legs spread wide, an air of desperation and demand at war on his face. He’s tugging at my arms, urging me wordlessly to get on with it. I smile and lean in to kiss him, my fingers still restlessly spreading him open and stroking his prostate, watching his cock twitch at each movement.
. And he was here on the other side, frustrated and confused and…
“I told you that I imagined us there, in that time; a tool to help me solve it,” Sherlock raised his eyes to look at John beside him.
John refused to weaken and let his eyes shift from Sherlock’s. Tiny beads of sweat broke out on his forehead as his nature screamed at him to glance down and drink in the canvas of Sherlock’s nakedness. His fists tightened further as his top lip twitched. If there was a battle to be won, it was now, here. Sherlock’s Omega-self was testing John’s limits, assessing his worthiness and there has
“They always will,” Sherlock steepled his hands below his chin, “What about specifically, this time?”
“Mr Holmes,” his name was polite, restrained and formal on her lips.
“You won’t be drinking with me?” He sounded surprised.
“Something like that,” Sherlock huffed in response, “you’ve ruined my bed.”
starving. The aversion to tea, it’s hydrophobia. I need to feed, and I need to do it soon.”
“It’s…” John’s voice cracked, and he paused to clear his throat before continuing, “It’s not…”
John leaned forward, watching, “But because you are clearly distressed, I’m going to put these questions to one side for the moment. Sherlock…” he waited until the detective paused and turned to look at him, “I want to help, what’s going on?”
But John pushed again, “No, you do. You put on a good act, but I know you, Holmes. You were perfectly civil at the ceremony, but you’ve barely set foot in our home since the event and you are clearly uncomfortable when Mary and I are together in your presence.”
“I caught him…..I caught him, John…Didn’t see the knife though.”
you in hunter training?”
“Mr… ‘married to my work’…” John took another step forward, stopping at the bottom step as Mycroft rolled his eyes and huffed in frustration before pulling the front door shut, leaving them alone.
“Sit down, John. Before you fall,” Sherlock took a single unthreatening step forward, hand upraised to point at the kitchen chair just to John’s right, and with shaking legs, John slumped more than sat in it.
“Stubborn,” he murmured.
“John… tea.”
He seeks the gentle sigh
“God, yes,” John sucked in a shaky breath at the sound of the words in Sherlock’s mouth, “please.”
“It’s fine.” Sherlock managed through gritted teeth.
“Yes,” Sherlock managed weakly, “yes, please.”
“I shouldn’t want this…” John found his hands inexplicably tugging at Sherlock’s sleep-shirt as his hips stuttered restlessly against Sherlock’s.
John came to kneel before Sherlock, gently pressing open his knees to shuffle closer, “I’ve been an idiot.”
Finally, Sherlock dropped his fork with a clatter, “Oh this is unbearable, Watson. Can we find
To his credit, John hesitated only a moment longer before getting to work on pulling off his coat and jumper, tossing them into the open doorway of the drawer for Sherlock to arrange. Shrugging off his shirt and jeans, he paused only a moment before stepping forward and passing them to Sherlock, who accepted them quietly with a nod.
“Yes,” Sherlock responded firmly, “that’s right, John, you need to take care of Rosie. Listen to me, John, they’re almost here. Stay with me, John.”
“Nightmare?” I murmured, still half asleep.
John had no answer but to shrug helplessly, “To be honest, I have
Sherlock raised his hands to his face, now rough after nearly 36 hours without shaving, covering his mouth to hold in the wail of disbelief.
“No please, let me continue, I’m not blaming you… either of you.” Mary reached and took Sherlock’s upheld hand between her own, leaning forward in John’s chair, “My father, as you may know, was something of a specialist in areas of… the heart. When his papers were left to me, I came to believe, as he did at the end of his life, that a man cannot change his true nature and that in rare cases some men, very special… exceptional men are so filled with empathy for their fellows that his heart is too full to be restricted to the love of a single person. My John,” she paused and then corrected herself with careful emphasis, “our John, is such a man. You’ve seen his heart, how full it is of compassion for mankind. Is it any surprise that he has so much love in his heart that a single partner would not suffice?”
As John shifted again, an unasked for image accompanied the lingering scent of Sandalwood and sweat and he groaned at the thought of jet black hair, free of its daily coat of Macassar, bouncing against a pale forehead and the blue eyes wide with passion. John briefly ran a hand down the length of his own torso and indulged for a moment the thought of how the whippet-thin body of Sherlock would feel under his fingers instead.
from me. You’re a wonder to me, the depth of that hidden heart, it’s always astonished me, Sherlock Holmes.”
fine with you being gay, Sherlock.”
“John…..?” Sherlock tried to get an elbow under him to prop himself up, “You’re not leaving me here, surely.”
Barely a minute of scrabbling later, and they tumbled back onto Sherlock’s bed, skin-to-skin. There was a moment when the reality of the situation seemed to simultaneously hit home to them both, and they stilled, staring into each others faces, breathing hard but searching each other for some sign that this was real until Sherlock lay a palm against John’s cheek and without a word, John took it and kissed the palm, his eyes never leaving Sherlock’s face.
hurt me.”
“Not really.”
“Starving.” Sherlock’s level gaze didn’t waver, but his tone dropped, “I have been for some time.”
“Thanks,” there was a sigh, and then silence.
Sherlock growled, actually growled, and the sound went straight to John’s groin, and yet he held firm to the frame, knuckles white, “What? What could possibly be important right now, John?”
Sherlock granted John one of his rare contrite looks accompanied by a nod, “Possibly it would have been prudent for me to share that the lock on that door is broken somewhat earlier.”
“I did,” Sherlock circled a long arm around the small of John’s back, seemingly content to let him cling, “are you still determined to do this?”
John blinked, stared, and blinked again as Sherlock stood calmly, his hand still grasping the material, thumb stroking it like a long missed lover and smiling down at it.
His heart was pounding, breath short and stuttering in the near darkness of his bedroom. As he reached to flick on the bedside lamp, a worried reply came from beyond the ajar door, “Sherlock?”
**--**
Sherlock nodded his head mutely.
Sherlock looked confused, his brow furrowing over his lust-filled eyes.
The pine scent of his moustache wax seemed to have saturated the pillow beneath his head, and there was something… metallic? fireplace? Whatever it was, it mixed with the medicinal rub the Doctor used when his shoulder ached and Sherlock instinctively associated the smell with John. It now infused the sheets where he held them, tucked up beneath his chin.
“I wasn’t the one that closed the door,” he murmured, not meeting John’s eyes.
“What are you doing?”
“Better?” Sherlock asked carefully.
“I’m also likely to comment on the number of semen-stained tissues evident on your bed. That’s likely to be construed as tactless. I assure you, however, that I’m going to ask only with the greatest concern as your Doctor.”
The foot, that had been idly jigging at the end of his crossed leg stilled and John lowered his newspaper, “S’cuse me?”
“I’ve no idea,” Sherlock smiled fondly and took the scotch glass from John’s hand. It was empty and he had hopes that without the reminder of the tumbler in his hand, it might remain so.
In response to his nod, the warm breath of Sherlock’s relieved exhale flowed over his neck and Sherlock wriggled closer again, still not quite flush, but close enough that every time he shifted his arm to trace another path down John’s body, his chest would lean to press against his back and the tantalising nudge of Sherlock’s cock returned to the back of John’s underwear only to disappear again as Sherlock rocked back.
Altogether more uneasy, he held the door of the lift as John picked up his pace to catch up.
of them. I don’t see what the fuss is about, if you want them, I’ll have them returned.”
John smiled fondly at the way Sherlock referred to him in the third person, “No, he’s gotten up, so you can take the bed.”
John gestured toward the edge of the bed with his own glass, “Mind if I…”
Spooning; that’s what they call it, Sherlock. It’s what women expect their partners to do on sleepy morning lie-ins. It’s what I’ve done with women when I was lucky enough to get invited to stay the night. It’s
The drive back to the hotel was unusually quiet. For all Sherlock claimed he could be ‘quiet for days’ the reality was that as long as John filled the silence with interesting facts, Sherlock would continue to respond; challenging and expanding on any topic. But today, Sherlock wasn’t responding to any of the topics John tried to raise, instead he seemed abnormally focussed on the road, his forehead furrowed.
“You fucking MONSTER! You give me this bullshit fucking story about vampires being some kind of persecuted victims and all the time you’re out there wreaking fucking CARNAGE on the populace.
He checked his reasoning again, replayed the scene once more to be sure and the answer was clear. All the evidence pointed to John’s unwavering loyalty. There was just one last step to take.
“No,” he closed the door of her cramped office behind him, “not today.”
Molly was still shaking her head when John blurted out, “Kitty Riley!”
“No,” the shake of John’s head was almost imperceptible against Sherlock’s shoulder, “I want you to look after R-Rosie.” With great effort, he pulled his face away to look up into Sherlock’s worried eyes, “I need you to p-p-promise me, Sherlock.”
“Does it have to be you?” John whispered.
There are some things that don’t need many words at all.
Sherlock heard John’s feet on the stairs accompanied by a fond “
Silence fell in 221B, and John was surprised to find a fat salty tear making its way down his cheek. With a noiseless gulping breath he pushed himself to his feet and down the two stairs and through the open door.
Sherlock chuckled, “Well, this has been
“John…”
want anyone else.”
,” he said pointedly, “How would you have
“You’ve been here
“Seems like we’ve both been surprised, then.” John gently encouraged Sherlock to resume the movement of his hand, reinstating the rhythmic circles before sighing and pressing back into Sherlock’s embrace, “because there’s no doubt about it, I do.”
Dear Sherlock,
It was a good point, John thought, and yet he still doubted, “You’ve never said —”
John drew to a halt, realising that Sherlock had likely just got caught short and needed to relieve himself until he saw Sherlock’s’s shoulder hunch and begin to move in short abortive jerks with a very distinctive movement.
John became accustomed to the nightly feeling of fuzzy, warm arousal and being lulled to sleep as Sherlock’s hands continued their wave-like drift across his skin before awaking in Sherlock’s bed some hours later. Sometimes Sherlock would be asleep beside him, other time the detective would be missing, off filling his time with bodies and mysteries and experiments.
Sherlock turned around, looming, his warm breath drifting over John’s forehead, his eyes were dark, haunted and hopeless.
Sherlock sighed and seemed to slump in defeat, “You’re a man of your time, John; as am I. Sexuality isn’t the taboo it once was, and it doesn’t surprise me that what terrified my past-self isn’t a concern anymore.”
“I don’t disapprove of your marriage,” he said simply.
“Yes…” muttered John and Sherlock’s Alpha roared in triumph, drunk on his ability to please his Omega, he pulled John toward him again, relishing in the slight vibration of John’s skin at the force of his thrust. John gasped and reached back to grab blindly at the headboard, bracing himself and nodding with eyes closed, “Again…” he shouted.
Sherlock arched again and lifted his mouth away from John’s skin, “Try to muzzle me and there’ll be repercussions.”
“Oh God, good. Very fucking good. If you stop now, so help me, I will kill you.”
“I’m not asking for promises, Sherlock. There’s never any guarantees,” a single tear rolled down her cheek, “I’m just asking you to try not to hurt him, and if you don’t trust yourself to follow your heart, then follow his. He has such a big heart, and it needs both of us to keep it whole. Let me be the wife society needs him to have, the mother of his children, and soft arms to lose himself in. I know he’ll look to you for excitement, danger, and the freedom to ask for things he feels would shock me.”
As much as John wanted to throw caution to the wind and just go for it, Sherlock deserved the truth. There were so few situations in which Sherlock admitted a lack of knowledge, of understanding and looked to John for guidance, and this was potentially the most important of all. So John pulled what little willpower remained together and placed his hand over Sherlock’s where it lay pressed hard to his sternum, stilling the movement.
. Nevertheless, this new behaviour fascinated him. The only possible cause that made any sort of sense was some sort of delayed reaction to their visit to Baskerville. Perhaps the excitement of the case had left him with some unresolved arousal. It was, however, unprecedented for Sherlock to do anything so… overt as touching himself in public, much less actually masturbate on the side of a deserted road seemingly unconcerned by John’s presence. For all that Sherlock had peculiar ideas about personal space and appropriate standards of dress when visiting royal palaces, this just wasn’t something he did… ever.
“So… c-cold,” John mumbled, pushing his face into Sherlock’s neck, trying to leach some of the heat from him, “Probably going to lose… consciousness… soon.”
John tightened his arms around Sherlock at the wave of possessiveness that swept over him, “So did I, if we do this, you’ll be in my arms.”
There was a stuttered gasp from the darkness of the bed and then a slow reply, “I don’t… I don’t know.”
“We still talking about food?” John chuckled teasingly and then sucked in a quick breath at the careless words that had tumbled forth without thinking.
Sherlock set the kettle on the hob, “I know, that’s why I want to talk to Molly. I need to run some tests on the samples.”
Sherlock shook his head. This was a dangerous path to walk down, even in his imagination. Any hint of such a relationship meant disgrace at the least, and more likely incarceration and worse. The world may be changing as the nineteenth century came to a close, but sodomy and those that practiced it were not just frowned upon, they were pariahs.
“Too fast?” John asked, anxious to clear the air before feelings were hurt again.
“Stop… “ Sherlock’s voice was strained, his thighs trembling.
John heard Sherlock’s heavy sigh and the hollow knock as Billy’s skull was set back on the mantle. He’d sat spellbound on the stair, wondering whether he should slip away and yet frozen in place as layer upon layer of Sherlock’s inner thoughts were peeled back.
Sherlock carefully lowered the bowl to the table top, trying desperately to hide the shaking in his hands, “Thank you, John. I appreciate it.”
– That’s what they taught you.
When the light dims and flickers
are you doing it?”
I love the way that he reaches to grasp at the bedhead. Simultaneously providing stability and enhancing John’s ability to thrust back against me. It also has the added benefit of making him look delightfully debauched.
Sherlock returned sometime after midnight. John wasn’t sure exactly when, as he hadn’t moved from his spot on the sofa. His eyes were gritty and his throat raw, and when Sherlock eased quietly, almost apologetically through the door, he lifted his head and hoped his eyes didn’t show the pathetic desperation that he felt deep in his bones.
“What?” Sherlock snapped as he tapped the answer button.
Sherlock forged ahead, “My mind-palace seems to be taking the opportunity to explore what may have happened if I’d have told you I was… that I… your response…” he trailed off.
John nodded, eyes red, “Yeah. Perfectly fine now.”
“Yes, c’mon Sherlock, show me,” John pushed at the waist of Sherlock’s pyjamas, taking possession of a handful of his generous arse and holding them together.
to talk about?”
“You won’t hurt me… “ John murmured before sucking Sherlock’s full lower lip into his mouth and biting down gently, “I trust you.” His tongue swept in and grazed Sherlock’s fang again, hard enough to draw blood.
“No,” Sherlock replied, voice husky, “But to be fair, I think I’m beyond empty.”
Almost two hours later, Sherlock hadn’t reappeared and John had polished off his risotto and picked all the tomatoes from Sherlock’s now cold pasta dish. He’d finished both his first Scotch and his second, as well as Sherlock’s and he was running out of excuses to hold the table.
**-**
“Have,” Sherlock corrected quickly before laying his clenched fist against the glass and making a frustrated noise at his own seeming inability to even moderately censor himself.
As Sherlock tried to manoeuvre John into position, mindlessly nudging legs apart, John’s authoritive voice cut through the haze, “Sherlock! Listen to me; don’t make me hit you… Wait, just a sec.”
The lack of a dismissive laugh from Sherlock was mildly disconcerting, but it wasn’t all that unusual for Sherlock to become engrossed in an experiment to the exclusion of all else, he tried again, “Hope I didn’t do anything… embarrassing?”
“It’s reckless and dangerous. You place too much faith in me.” There was a note of regret to the words.
“Shhh,” the detective’s tone was unexpectedly soft, “you‘ve plenty of room. Relax, I’ve just come over here to read and bring your tea.”
The paper didn’t move, eyes remained hidden, “Yes, I’m sure you would. However, I have things I need to… do.”
Standing smoothly, he dropped his door keys into the red and white bowl that took pride of place on the hallway table. They rattled briefly before settling next to Sherlock’s set. The painted bees were practically invisible now, rubbed off over years of use, only the barest scraps of yellow and black paint flecked the still vivid red. There was a chip on the rim where an unfortunate scuff with a saucepan hidden in washing-up water had left it the loser and signaled an end to it’s glorious career as a breakfast bowl. John gave it one last habitual brush with his fingers before he walked down the hall and through the door to their well lit sitting room.
“OK,” John murmured and then hissed as Sherlock’s long fingers moved to brush the fabric over his cock.
Sherlock growled and steadied himself, kneeling between John’s spread legs. Gripping John’s thighs he snapped his hips back and forward again, delighting in the way he could already feel his knot beginning to tingle where it was being forced time and again against John’s hole.
John turned on the log to face him, “No, Sherlock, this is serious. There’s some things I need to say, and it’s taken me a while to be ready to say them. But let’s start with this, I do trust you with Rosie, and Mary did too, while we’re on the topic. You’re great with her, and you know it.”
From behind his hands, Sherlock murmured, “So don’t say I never said anything, ever again.”
John realised his shock had been misinterpreted and rushed to reassure as he climbed out of the bed to join him, “No! Sherlock, no, it’s alright, it’s perfect. I just…” John stepped up close, leaning in to look up into Sherlock’s eyes, “you’re beautiful. I didn’t get a chance to see you earlier, and I – “ John searched for the words, “you’re
“Oh, I should think a few things should… come up as we go along,” and with a deep chuckle at his bad pun, Sherlock reached for John.
John had never seen a vampire cry, and now he knew why. The tears that were welling in Sherlock’s eyes were tinged with red and looked entirely inhuman.
John dove in for a bruising kiss, “Sherlock Holmes, you are a certified genius, and too smart by half, and now we’ve covered that stuff off, if you…” John swatted Sherlock’s arse a little more than playfully, “… try and tell me what to do again for the duration of this heat, you’d best be prepared for the consequences.”
“No, wait. Not your fault, I get that. I think I was so busy trying to convince myself that I had no chance, that I refused to look. So… sorry for that.”
John laughed, remembering the heady days of his youth, experimenting and wanting it all,
You say you wish you had been brave that night. You are the bravest man I have known, John Watson. Far braver than me, and I’m coming to think a good bit smarter too. You were always the better man, John, and I am made greater for your part in my life.
“Want to bite… “he answered brokenly, hips flexing, “need… to... “
“She’d been shot. They found her in the tank,” Lestrade’s voice cracked again, “The fish… the fish got at her. They say there were sharks.”
It wasn’t that the bed was uncomfortable, in fact the opposite was true. The feather pillow cradled his head just so, curling around his face and releasing a lingering scent of Sherlock’s woodsy aftershave whenever he turned. When he closed his eyes and shifted, it felt almost as if the man himself had cupped his cheek and leaned in a little too close.
“God, yes Sherlock, just like that. Just…” John could feel his orgasm building, faster than he’d expected, feeding off Sherlock’s abandon.
“Didn’t realise… Sherlock, I’ve been
“So I’ve been told,” Sherlock stared at his hands, picking idly at where dirt from the well had caught beneath his fingernails, “Sorry you got caught up in my problems… again.”
“Doctor… Molly… Hooper,” The feminine voice carried an Irish lilt without a trace of the customary good humour, “Moriarty’s been watching you for a while.”
Instead of replying and wasting valuable oxygen, John simply put his head down and pushed harder. The cards really were all in Sherlock’s hands at times like this. Longer legs, more athletic build and….
tell me that line’s never worked for you?”
“Mmmm,” John made a noncommittal noise.
Greg may have laughed if the situation had been less serious, but there was something deeply disturbing in the way Sherlock prowled the crime scene. With the exception of replying to Greg’s original text, Sherlock was yet to interact with a single member of the team. He’d arrived, got to work and avoided making eye contact with anyone.
The look on Molly’s face was equal parts relief and disgust. Having had all the facts and evidence lain out before her in typical Sherlock fashion, it was abundantly clear that there were holes in the evidence. Also clear was that the Hunter hierarchy had been completely taken in by the plausible facts at hand and hadn’t looked deeper.
“Good,” he ducks his head to lick at a nipple and I shudder in reaction, “I’d hate to be the only one.”
I consider reassuring John that if it wasn’t OK, I certainly would have stopped it by now. Instead, I sink back against him and continue the gentle, unhurried exploration of each other’s mouth that we began some ninety minutes ago. I can’t quite remember what started it, perhaps it was a certain look upon his face that I deduced meant he needed a damn good kiss, or perhaps it was a particular way my lower lip pouted. Whatever the case, we’d met somewhere in the middle and continued on from there.
John chuckled darkly as he shed his shirt and jeans, pulling off his pants with them. Crawling onto the bed, he lay down flat beside Sherlock and tugged the detective around to face him, “Sherlock…”
Sherlock gaze was shockingly open, “How much I need you.”
They stared wordlessly at each other for long moments, both needing the silence to gather their thoughts before a hint of tears rose in Mary’s eyes and she whispered, “Will you do this for me, Sherlock? Not just for John, or for yourself. I fear for John’s health, his mental wellbeing if this need remains unsatisfied, and I simply couldn’t bear to lose him”
Sherlock opened his mouth to answer but nothing came out. His reserves exhausted, he stumbled the remaining steps to his room before closing the door behind him. Throwing himself face down on the bed, he buried his head in the pillow and desperately muffled his screams of anguish.
“Once or twice, didn’t believe that either.”
“Most of the day, I’ve been trying to ignore it.” Sherlock moved to the kitchen, hoping the fresh air from the window would make the conversation more bearable.
“I wondered if you’d wake, how are you feeling, dear chap?” John smiled over the cups and plates from the doorway as if nothing at all unusual had happened the previous night .
“It was one night, Sherlock. You said it yourself, loss of blood, exhaustion. There’s no reason… ” John rubbed idly at the fading mark on his wrist.
“Sherlock… “ John’s voice was thin and cracked with desperation, “Let me touch something, me… you… anything; for God’s sake,
A final push, a tug, a twist and I’m there, teetering on the brink, chewing at my bottom lip and lost in the way he’s looking at me, staring at my mouth and I tilt forward to catch his mouth with my own, my shuddering moan lost within his own as the pleasure overwhelms us both. It never matters who reaches the finish first, the other is close behind, dragged as if connected by handcuffs.
“Don’t,”Sherlock responded quickly then added more quietly, “just… don’t.”
for… the rest. Do it again, even once, and we’re done, Sherlock.”
John moaned and Sherlock felt the moment that he finally gave himself over to his desires entirely. Shuffling forward on determined knees, John pressed himself forward impossibly harder, rutting with abandon, and Sherlock wondered in some distant part of his mind if his soldier had forgotten where he was, and who he was with until -
Sherlock’s typing slowed, and in the vaguely conscious part of John’s mind he realised that his flatmate was now methodically typing one handed, the other continuing the rhythmic swipes and erratic patterns across shoulders and back. He imagined the furrowed brow and tight line of Sherlock’s mouth at the inefficiency of his progress, and yet the soothing patterns continued, dragging him deeper and deeper into a blissful state of relaxation.
“I think we can both agree, after your stag night, that one of us drunk at a time is more than enough.
Sherlock resisted the urge to breathe a sigh of relief as he internally celebrated the dodging of a rather catastrophic bullet. This he could handle; this he could address in a manner that maintained the illusion that he sought no more from John than friendship.
“Anytime,” Sherlock replied automatically and then stopped and dropped his eyes.
One simple word. No, I’m not
“My bond-mate,” John whispered.
The next time John came to Baker Street it was early evening. He found Sherlock standing on the sidewalk, looking up at where acrid black smoke was billowing out of their first floor window. Stepping up to stand at his side, he matched the tilt of his friends head and asked, “Experiment?”
He turned back, looking in John’s direction but somehow not quite at him, “No, stay here. I don’t need you.”
Sherlock’s brow was deeply furrowed as he blinked slowly, trying to align the words Mary was saying, the clear meaning, and the fact that what she was suggesting was anathema by any social measure, “You’re saying –“
“I know,” the two words carrying despairing surrender.
“Quite to opposite, actually.” Sherlock returned to his worship of the skin where John’s neck met shoulder and John shivered when he felt a moist tongue touch and then retreat, “It makes you rather more difficult to resist.”
“Goodbye, Molly Hooper.”
“You’re a fucking miracle, Sherlock. Look at you, taking me. I think you might even be able to take my knot. Do you want it? Do you want to be the first? Nobody’s been able to, you know, it’s too big. But not for you, my gorgeous Omega.” John was babbling as he pounded into Sherlock, his fingers bruising the skin as John moved to grip harder, “I’m never letting you go, you’re mine now, ruined for everyone else.”
“God… Sherlock,” the hushed entreaty slipped from his mouth as Sherlock’s hands continued to roam, circling slightly lower on his chest and then returning to drag across his nipples again before starting another circuit.
John moved a hand down to cover Sherlock’s where it rested over his groin, already twitching with the need to stroke, “It’s alright, Sherlock. I’m really OK with this, promise. I want to be here.”
Catching his look, Sherlock’s face lit with equal parts enthusiasm and wickedness. Sherlock had been increasingly adventurous and with his talent and enthusiasm for experimentation, he’s kept his promise to keep up with whatever John was willing to try. In fact, some nights it was John who almost balked at some of the more outlandish options Sherlock suggested.
“Now shut up,” John murmured gruffly, “this is weird enough already.”
With the sharp crack the sound of a shot rung off the hard surfaces of the room and blood blossomed at Molly’s shoulder, spreading quickly into the water around her. Molly screamed.
“S’fine… s’perfectlyfine,” John clutched at the sheet on either side of him, unsure whether touching Sherlock in response would be welcome.
The tension fell from Sherlock’s limbs and he was suddenly pliant under John’s hands, all resistance surrendered, “Yes… please, yes.” he whispered.
“That doesn’t seem very fair,” Sherlock mumbled, his hands roaming under the hem of John’s jumper.
“Yes.”
Sherlock snuffled a noise that could be construed as either agreement or not and wandered into the sitting room, finally throwing himself down into his leather chair.
That’s what had woken him in the end; that imagined groan and so help him, he could
At John’s outburst, Sherlock had shrunk back a little into the pillows, the force of emotion in the words and John’s bearing left no room for argument. Frustration had tinged John’s chest and cheeks red and passion had balled his fists in the sheets at Sherlock’s waist.
, except, now they do apparently. If Sherlock reacted badly, he could pass it off as just another one of his idiot ideas, only fit for
There’s a relieved sigh, the damp skin on my chest pebbling further with John’s exhalation and he moves his hand to my own erection, his shorter more robust fingers touching me with long practiced experience.
“I think I just proved that I can.” He chuckled against Sherlock’s check where his face was cradled.
“You’re suffering proximity anxiety.” Sherlock said flatly as if that should explain everything. When John continued to look blank he added, “Surely you know this, what do they
“Damn it, you’re not free, John,” Sherlock’s voice was thick and low, “I need you to stop.”
John mimicked the words Sherlock used at Angelo’s, his voice rough, “How would you want this night to go, if you could do it over again?”
“Well then I’m as much an idiot as… you…” John paused to look carefully at his bond-mate, “Sherlock?”
“It moved, Sherlock. It fucking moved, on its own,” John could hear his voice rising, and he clenched his fist, trying to calm himself.
“Shut up.”
John’s refusal to look held firm as Molly turned page after page inside the folder. He heard the pages and could see Molly’s fingers on the paper in his peripheral vision. Each leaf seemed to add more than its share of weight to the pile until he mumbled something hopelessly.
“My phone’s on the coffee table, just hit send.”
Sherlock’s eyes widened marginally as he slowly matched John’s smile, a soft chuckle eased itself between John’s lips. Within moments, his own baritone laugh joined his partner’s as the tension broke.
“Here?” John asked quietly, “You sure?”
John looked up from the newspaper he was perusing, his distracted look sharpening to something more raw, “Yeah, ah… yeah, if you don’t mind.” He paused for a moment thoughtfully, “You remembered.”
“Of course you are,” Sherlock smiled gently,” your perception of reality has been rocked, and you’ve identified the source of the threat to your understanding of the world as this cloak. You’ve reacted exactly as I would expect you to, John. But I’m telling you; there.is.no.danger.here.”
There were few things that spurred John Watson to action like a needy Omega, and the urgency in Sherlock’s tone shivered through him. Taking three quick steps, John’s fingers were at the buttons of Sherlock’s shirt before the Omega had a chance to lift his head again. Instead, the taller man slumped against him, shaking and whimpering.
. I want that too.”
John realised the depth of his addiction when, after three weeks, Sherlock was called away suddenly to York, leaving John behind to deal with the continuing flu season at the clinic. It took three nights before John began to understand the cause of the relentless restlessness and the fact that he was still staring at the ceiling of his room, tense and jittery, at four in the morning.
John swung back, fists clenched and mouth tight, “We will ‘not’ be fine. The heating is off, and the chillers down here are designed to keep this place cool. You’ve managed to lock us in a room that’s little more than an oversized refrigerator. So, well done, Sherlock.”
He smiles at me as I stare, open-mouthed and lost in hedonistic bliss and he asks, “Alright?”
“Mmmm, that entire year was awful,” Sherlock nodded, wincing, “truly, truly, awful.”
I wake to John wrapped around me, or perhaps I’m wrapped around him. It’s hard to tell, with our limbs entwined under my rich sheets. I’m warm, comfortable and with John’s cheek on my shoulder and his breath bathing my chest in gentle waves, I am unmistakably aroused.
“But…”
There was a stuttered intake of breath and Sherlock shifted uneasily, tugging away to create some space between them, “No, there’s no need, I shouldn’t…”
“Or the cuttlefish.” John ventured with a small smile.
With a dismayed squeak, she swung the door shut and went for a very long coffee. When she returned, the drawer was empty.
“Why do you think? Because it’s convenient.”
“Sherlock…”
Sherlock was down at Barts, but due back anytime, so John had been thorough but efficient in his search. The sock index had yielded nothing, and all the usual nooks and crannies were similarly empty. He’d just about decided there was nothing to find when a floorboard near the corner of the room gave an ominous creak under his foot, and his stomach plummeted with dread.
“Look John, I can’t keep on like this,” he gestured at his crotch, “I can’t work, I can’t think, I can’t even go out in public. I need to know what they’ve done to me.”
Instead, there he sat, tea in hand, socks on feet seemingly engrossed in the tiny tales of the
Sherlock blinked slowly, “Perhaps you should leave the detective work to me, at times Watson you are only marginally more effective than Scotland Yard.”
“No, I want to, I really do, just… “
“Because you’re an… “
**--**
“Yes, although…”
John moved hands to hook fingers in both their waistbands, working the fabric down and finally baring them, there was a stuttering pause as silken skin settled to slip against each other before Sherlock resumed his movements, hot and hard against him.
“What the fuck is wrong with you two?” He muttered to John, “He hasn’t said a word to you all afternoon. In fact, he hasn’t said a word to anyone. What’s going on?”
Sherlock chuckled in spite of himself and then picked out the others decorating the crockery. Lestrade, with a tiny pair of handcuffs,  and Molly with a ponytail lurked on the sides, as did one for Mrs Hudson in a suitable purple dress. John explained that he’d hunted down the food-safe paint especially and Sherlock nodded in approval.
“They’ll be fine,” Sherlock lay a large hand on John’s shoulder.
There was a thoughtful moment while John considered options until he finally suggested, “Baskerville?”
“I would have done this,” Sherlock turned to John and stepped forward, placing a warm palm on each of John’s cheeks and looking down into his eyes. Pausing a moment in case John had second thoughts, he pressed their lips gently together.
The trouble was, the detective thought, this wasn’t what either of them wanted. Sherlock, now committed to his course wanted to simply cast himself off from the shore into the tumultuous storm of the ocean and face the challenges like a bold adventuring pirate, come what may.
“Yeah,” Lestrade looked thoughtful for a moment, seemingly in two minds about saying something before he decided on a simple nod and turned to leave.
“And who… “ the question was lost in a hiss as John reached under the fine silk of Sherlock’s shirt to graze a fingernail over a pebbled nipple.
“Oh yes, certainly.” After running his hand down along John’s foot, Sherlock eased the sock off, “It should set the stage for what’s to come.”
John clasped a hand over the punctures in his arm. Now that Sherlock’s mouth and its associated anaesthetic saliva were gone, a deep throbbing pain was beginning to radiate from the holes and up his arm. “Sorry…bit fuzzy.”
With a final unsolicited rumble of completion, John arches from the bed as every muscle in his body seems to lock and tremble, hugging me tight within himself and dragging me over the edge of the cliff with him.
be asleep if it wasn’t for this damned… what did you call it?”
John’s mouth fell over as he looked in astonishment at Sherlock’s comically petulant face nestled at crotch-level, “You’d what?”
needed this. Something to finally put a stamp on the past and begin their future, “Yeah, yeah OK. I think I do to.”
“Now wait a minute!” John didn’t like the way this conversation was heading. It seemed that any credit John may have earned for saving Sherlock’s life had been forgotten.
“Go to bed, John,” Sherlock suggested again, more forcefully, “Stop talking, before you say something you’ll regret. You don’t want to do this now.”
Sherlock turned the interplay over and over in his head. The careless use of Watson’s name had been surprising enough to garner a response, even as his mind-palace cast them in the urgency of a final confrontation with his nemesis. And yet, his friend, his ally, his champion, and he must concede he’d cast him as at that had, in the end, not been surprised that this was not Holmes’ first lapse.
“John?” The voice came from much closer, and he hesitantly opened his eyes to find Sherlock standing in front of him, “Are we going to talk about this?”
“Look, Sherlock,” John reached to lay a hand on Sherlock’s leg where it was covered by the blankets, before seeming to rethink the action and instead came to rest just beside him, “you said it yourself, you don’t want this to change us…”
“Yes,” John managed thickly, “that about sums it up.”
So John lifted the edge of his blankets and closed the tiny gap between the beds, climbing under Sherlock’s and settling awkwardly on his back, facing the ceiling, “This alright?”
John had gently escorted Mycroft from the flat shortly afterward; having completed a cursory examination of the bureaucrat’s rapidly bruising neck. John returned to the room, colour high in his cheeks and breathing a little unevenly and Sherlock had thought
John wasn’t faring so well, having been awoken from his position slumped messily at the foot of Sherlock’s door. For a moment Sherlock’s eyes had flashed with regret before he stepped lithely over him and strode to the sitting room calling back over his shoulder, “Awake Watson, Mrs Hudson will soon be here with our breakfast. It wouldn’t do for you to be lounging around as if you’d slept on the floor.”
“Oh, I think we know both of those,” Sherlock explained while Molly went to get the DNA samples from the cases.
“Yep.” John sipped at a third glass.
“Did you —?”
Honestly, Sherlock has expected some sort of reaction. His money would have been on a sexuality crisis, although with the knowledge of John’s true calling as hunter, some sort of meltdown should have been triggered by that too.
John took a deep breath, and grasped for the words from the original conversation, “OK, no boy…”
John’s eyes widened in the dim light, “Really?”
“GOOD!” Molly shouted back furiously, “He’s a KILLER, John!”
“God, that night was awful,” John chuckled darkly.
Our faces are inches apart and John is practically shouting into my mouth, obscenities laced with gasps of pain easing to grateful moans as the muscles give up their rictus grip on him.
, this is a world away from alright and I try my best to nod wordlessly in a way that expresses a more appropriate descriptor.
He dragged in a longer breath, more controlled, “John, as tempting as that is, I’ve waited too long to let you skip a course.”
“No… Yes… I…” John sighed, and continued his gentle destruction of London public property, “During the war, you understand…”
**--**
Time for some home truths and the slow process of 'educating' John begins.
“I’m wondering if my mind-palace is trying to tell me something more. Something that goes beyond that time and place.”
"Tell me this won’t ruin us, John? Our friendship, I can’t risk that... even for the chance of it being more,” he murmured brokenly, “Tell me to stop if there’s a risk.” Even muffled against his skin, there was an unfamiliar tone of fear and desperation in the voice.
“You…” John’s voice cracked, and he wondered when he’d turned into a Regency romance heroine, “you left.”
“And you’re home,” Sherlock ventured softly.
Sherlock raised a hand to rub at his eyes, before running his fingers up and through his tangled curls,
Sherlock looked away and huffed a small indecipherable breath.
John fell silent. There were so many memories from that year that should have been cause for celebration; Sherlock’s return, his marriage, the pregnancy. Objectively, those moments should remain in memory as highlights of one’s life. Instead the specter of pain and death overshadowed them all and left them both with nothing but the bitter taste of loss and missed opportunities.
But, as Sherlock sniffed carefully at the air, it seemed they’d need to have the conversation in more blunt terms, and soon.
, Sherlock thought dismally, “I’m learning to do without.”
“Yeah, me too. It was time,” John wiggled his toes in their gaudy socks, revelling in the cosy warmth of the room.
I’ll be honest with you, Sherlock, if you’d have stopped there, I don’t think I’d be struggling so badly. If you’d just fucking
, “Dinner?”
“No, he’s fine here. He doesn’t take up much space,” she gave a weak laugh, “I’ll make sure he doesn’t starve, but John…”
There was no helping the whispered profanity that slipped from John’s mouth as he shifted on the floor, desperately trying to make himself more comfortable within the confines of his jeans.
And with that, Sherlock was gone, and for reasons that John vaguely understood but still found unbearable, he curled onto his side on the sofa, clutched at his cramping stomach, and sobbed.
“What a shame. It looks like we’ve both learned just how much you matter to him. What did he tell you when he sent you into the lion’s den to gather information while he played happy families with the Watsons? Did he tell you that you were
“Jesus, Sherlock… “ John managed brokenly as pinpricks of light flashed behind his eyelids, “This isn’t normal.”
“I should never have taken that corner so fast, I should’ve been more careful.” John sat at his side on the hard hospital chairs.
“There’s only one undiscovered country I’m interested in tonight, and that’s yours Holmes,” John rasped roughly.
“Do we?” John asked, bemused.
“Yes… “ Sherlock breathed the word, soft and blissful, “Yes.” And bit down gently, just firmly enough to puncture.
Sherlock's confrontation with Molly leads to reconcilliation and a new ally.
John runs his errand, and confronts a monster
John’s lips thinned, “You said you’d answer, so damn it, at least be honest with me. Is it Mary you don’t like? I thought you found her passably intelligent for a woman.”
“Now…
There was a quiet intake of air, and Sherlock sat up a little straighter, “Just as well we’ll never need to find out, then.”
But as John considered what that wicked grin might mean this time, he reflected that the key word in that thought… was
“Bottom…OH!” The word came out as a long surprised exclamation, “This is your first time topping. I’d always assumed, If you’d prefer…”
for two weeks. Agreed?” In fact, John wanted nothing more than to take the stricken vampire in his arms and do whatever it took to ease his suffering. He could feel his subconscious screaming at him to do it.
A stern shake of the head aborted John’s movements, “Stay where you are. You won’t bother me and…” Sherlock smiled again, “..I’ve fed…so I won’t bother you.”
Sherlock’s eyes widened and then narrowed as he held a pale hand against the horrendous gash in his chest, “You know!”
“That.” John waved his hand toward the vampire, “I barely drop off, and I’m awake again having a bloody panic attack because… I don’t know… maybe because now my fucking
Sherlock, against John’s better judgment, had the flamboyant red cloak cut up and sewn into the lining of his Belstaff coat. Something that, according to Sherlock, caused it to pout for over a week until Sherlock finally conceded to sleep in it for several nights. From that point, it wasn’t unusual for the already dramatic flapping of the coat to take on truly epic proportions and the collar was now almost permanently in the showing off up position.
“I know you do, and I’ll give you everything you need, just let me get you sorted first.” He dragged the wobbly man down the hall to the bedroom, before toppling him face-first onto the bed.
At the movement, Sherlock groaned and his fingers tightened around John’s shaft wringing an answering sound from John. John moved his hand from Sherlock’s to encircle his wrist, tugging it to the waistband of his boxers and pressing until it slipped underneath and over his erection.
“Well,” Sherlock shifted one of his hands so he was brushing the tips of John’s toes with his fingers, “I doubt we’d go for anything heavy,” he glanced up from John’s stockinged feet to smile, “yes, I think we’d definitely start with something… light.”
With a growl of delight, Sherlock shifted to loom over John and bent toward his goal, lapping first at one pebbled nipple before shifting to the other and back again, his cool saliva chilling further in the bedroom air. John shivered and whimpered at his ministrations, as much from the sensation as the cold air.
John scrubbed angrily at the tear that insisted on rolling down his cheek and whispered to the empty room, “That was me, Sherlock…” he stared at the closed door, “When you returned from the grave, I showed you that. I was your important person, and I forgave you. Why can’t you forgive me?”
In the end, it was Mary,
He turned back to see the scientist removing the tray of slides from the fridge again, “If you feel anything… odd, please contact us immediately.”
Behind him, a sigh and he heard John’s tired voice murmur, “Sleep well, Holmes.”
, Sherlock thought idly,
John grinned at the restoration of something like normality between the two of them, “Alright, if you’ve finished what passes for flirting with you two…”
The first…Christ..come up here,” John tugged at Sherlock until he crawled up to sprawl against him, “We don’t…it doesn’t have to be tonight, you know that, right?”
“Nearly there… “ Sherlock mumbled, his own erection hard and unforgiving at John’s hip.
Hands now free, John spat on his hand and managed to slip it between them both, circling his fingers around them both, gaining another hissing gasp as Sherlock’s pace became more determined.
“Sherlock?”
“Oh yes,” Sherlock’s deep voice filled the space between them, and John watched as Sherlock blinked slowly, pupils dark and huge.
He found John serenely reading the previous day’s papers, a peaty curl of smoke wafting from the pipe clamped between his teeth. The soft light from the gas lamp brought the sharp point of his knuckles where they held the newsprint into sharp relief.
“Sherlock…” John took a step toward him, palm raised.
“You can’t mean that, Holmes?” Something sharp bloomed in John’s chest.
stay.” John tightened his fingers where they clasped Sherlock’s hair.
Without a word, Sherlock silently shifted his hand the sparse inches separating them and lay his over John’s on the railing. A small intimacy in a public place, leaning close he whispered, “John…”
of them!” John’s eyes flashed.
“John?”
“I tried not to get in the way, you know.” Sherlock broke the silence as he refilled his tumbler again.
“Bees? Yeah, I painted them on.” John nudged it closer until Sherlock put the old bowl aside to lift the replacement.
John folded his newspaper and placed it aside with fingers that only tremble slightly, “I should make you wait.”
Sherlock huffed a frustrated sigh, “You’re too tired to argue with, right now. I’ve fed and should be fine for the next week, now. We’ll discuss the rest in the morning.
“Mycroft, I assume,” a small smile was forming, edging itself forward in spite of his resistance,” and this one in the bottom of the bowl?”
. That’s what you’re feeling, you realize? You perceive me as yours, at least for the moment.” Sherlock stood, and reached out a hand, “Come on, let’s get you to bed.”
“You could’ve done something yourself,” John muttered back.
Sherlock did nothing more than nod silently.
This chapter is very much a 'thank you' to Esbee for her comment reminding me to ensure the power dynamic between these two remains in balance.
John huffed a frustrated breath, “But it’s not what I
“I assume you got my file from your handler, ergo we need to talk to her.” Sherlock replied simply.
"The fall of the British Empire would be close behind,” the laughter threatening the corners of John’s mouth and the wrinkles blooming at the corners of his eyes bracketed the reply.
John winced, “Don’t call me that.”
“What?” the pale eyes opened and focussed on John’s tired face, “Oh, John.”
though, does it. Hoping that if you wait long enough, pay enough attention that maybe he’ll turn that thousand watt smile in your direction.”
“Why are you awake? You went up hours ago,” Sherlock pushed himself up on his elbows, “we have a busy day, I want you well rested.”
.” Sherlock shook his head in wonder, “How did I miss this? How did I miss… you?”
“I can’t stop,”Sherlock sounded exhausted, defeated.
Skipping and dancing when it should thunder and pace.
“You’ve got to be kidding?” John’s eyes widened, looking at the dark cavity beyond the open door.
“There’s something else I need to say,” John began hesitantly. “Well, need to ask, really.”
John looked up at the man he’d spent almost half his life with and smiled, his entire face lighting up, “and their frankly
And while we’re on that topic, since we’re being honest with each other… that was about the time that you shifted your hips away from me. Was it my imagination (or my idle hope, perhaps) that my reaction may have affected you? Is that why you put some space between us? If it was… thank you. I’m reasonably sure that you spooned up behind me, naked, was about my limit that night. I doubt I would have reacted well to your erect cock nudging my arse, despite all the other scenarios I’ve imagined in the months since.
John panted as Sherlock returned to his original position, nose and mouth buried in the crock of his shoulder, mouthing at his neck. “What are you doing to me, Sherlock?
“That really was well below par, wasn’t it?” John lay a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder, eyes sparking, “Let’s try this instead, then.”
With a chuckle, John shook his head and turned away, “Do what thou… likest,” John winced, “I am… forsooth… off for a…kip.”
“I know this isn’t what you wanted.” John said sadly, still pinned to his chair.
Sherlock flushed, noting John’s sudden discomfort, “Yes, That will happen for a while. Sorry.”
“And you’re a sociopath. Except we both know you’re not, and we both know I’m not straight either.” John couldn’t resist any longer and he arched his hips against Sherlock’s hand, hoping he’d take the hint.
And yet, all it took was to Sherlock to beckon him with a tilt of his head and that’s exactly what John was doing. Inexplicably, he found himself curled against Sherlock’s lean form, slotting bony elbows and knees into softer divots and curves in a way that seemed not only natural, but designed by a higher power.
“What?” John pulled himself from his hedonistic revelry to ensure he’d heard correctly.
but I need to go. I know this hurts, but you asked me for this, you asked me not to feed on you. So I need to
Gone were the casual smiles, the easy laughs, the rumpled flatmate sprawled in his robe. Replacing him had been the tightly buttoned detective; physically and emotionally. Always in his suit, Sherlock had become a stranger in the flat, and John had reached the end of his patience.
“I’d rather you stay here,” Sherlock replied carefully.
hear it, playing over and over in his head. Deep, rich, and broken with surrender. John had never heard such a sound pass Holmes’ lips and, with an unexpected pang of regret that took him by surprise, conceded he likely never would.
“Mmmmm,” John hoped the sound would be taken as affirmation, coming as it did as part whine, part moan.
“You, like that. You need to make a decision, Sherlock. You need stop swanning around the flat like a fucking hors d’oeuvre, or you need to understand that the control I have over my Alpha-nature has limits.”
There was an awkward moment where the two men regarded each other, clad only in their underwear and shivering violently before John seemed to come to a decision and pushed past Sherlock to crawl into the narrow cavity, rolling to lay on his back, “Well, C’mon. Get in here, before I change my mind.”
. Because whatever’s going on with you, I want to help.”
Well this won’t do at all, Sherlock thought as he tossed and turned in his bed.
John drew back and leaned in close against Sherlock ear and repeated firmly, “You
The room seemed unnaturally quiet without Molly’s presence to warm it. But of course the full horror, Sherlock thought as he first glimpsed the sheet covered body on the autopsy table, was that Molly was here after all.
Turning the bowl over again, he frowned, “There’s not one for you?”
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed in affronted challenge, “
It’s hours later when the kisses, still leisurely and gentle, slow to a stop, having never escalated to more. I can feel that mine are swollen, and suspect they may even be bruised and red with stubble-rash, but if not for the exhaustion that’s dragging us both under, I doubt I would be stopping even now.
With a needy rumble, Sherlock shoved a hand down their bodies and roughly pushed down his underwear, moving to John’s and more carefully manoeuvring the elastic over his large cock. With long fingers, he fumbled in the dark, bringing them together and holding them with long, violinist’s fingers.
Leaning back against the leather, John’s eyes flickered closed and for a moment Sherlock thought he may have finally dozed off until the lids eased open again and John slurred, “Thanks for this…”
John opened his mouth, then closed it again as he clearly rethought his question. He repeated the movement and it was on the tip of Sherlock’s tongue to ask if he was planning a new career as a goldfish when John’s question spilled into the silent room.
Sherlock smiled and sunk against John for another round of increasingly desperate kisses, tongues entwining and exploring as hands roamed across skin. Pulling away, Sherlock mumbled, “Top drawer.”
“Can’t wait,” John replied with a smile as he followed him through the door.
John’s breath hitched as Sherlock again zeroed in on the pale, soft skin of his underarm. He couldn’t suppress the shiver as he felt Sherlock shift behind him, shuffling closer giving access to a better range of movement.
Suddenly, Sherlock had barked an an restrained laugh and turned to John, a long-missed sparkle of fondness lighting up his whole face before the shutters came back down and he spat,
Sherlock merely grunted, and tugged John toward his bedroom, refusing to relinquish his hold, and backing them down the corridor and through the doorway, sprawling them both onto the bed when the backs of his knees hit the side.
John relaxed his grip and placed the injector on the floor next to the chair, “Because on the first night we met, you asked me if I was any good.”
The shock on John’s face was more easily read, “Oh… So I’ve been…”
“I had to,” Sherlock whispered, brushing the drooping strands of hair back from John’s forehead.
I miss the idle patter of his speech
Sherlock turned, the sheet grasped against his chest in one pale hand as the other closed the lid of his laptop, “Hmm?”
When he turned to look over his shoulder, breathing hard, Sherlock was standing, arms outstretched and hands in an unusual arrangement, surrounded by arcane symbols and glowing light. The confidence in the gesture was completely at odds with the shocked, almost panicked look in his eyes as John slowly descended to lay gently on the floor. John had pushed himself to his feet, brushed off his jeans and with a nod of unspoken something, they’d both taken off after the suspect again.
Something in the tone obviously helped because Sherlock’s distant look cleared and he instead focussed on him, heaving a sigh before glancing at the bed and blushing, “Something’s wrong. I…” another twitch of his hand, “this will sound ridiculous but I can’t seem to stop touching myself.”
**--**
Bringing yet another cup of tea, the last four remained untouched on the coffee table, John carefully lifted the vampire’s legs and settled himself on the sofa beside him.
As long fingers gently encircled his cock and gave an experimental tug through the fabric, Sherlock gave a tight hiss behind him and ground out his name, “John, Never thought…”
Sherlock shrugged, "I said it, I meant it. Fresh start, new bowl. But I promise you one thing…” He looked at where John’s hand was on his arm and then up to his face, licking his lips, “You won’t get the opportunity to call me a cocktease again.”
“Drop it in the foyer, Watson. We can take it up when we come home.”
he thought with anguish.
“Mmmm?” Sherlock tried to focus, through the haze of lust. He suspected he’d broken the skin of his palms where his nails were pressed inward.
"Yeah but," John managed before he was interrupted by a derisive snort.
John’s stomach dropped. With a sick feeling he realised that Sherlock had probably been suggesting a repeat performance as a method to control what now turned out to be a temporary ailment. He silently cursed himself for exposing his long-held desire for his flatmate.
The use of a colleague’s first name was the height of familiarity, most would even go as far as to say impropriety. Sherlock would never, NEVER, use John’s christian name so cavalierly. He’d never done so in private and CERTAINLY never publicly. To do so would be scandalous, and John –
“You wanted this, offered it to me, total submission? Well here it comes. Three days of it, you’re all mine.”
Sherlock lifted the cover of the file and removed a single sheet of paper, holding it out for John to take.
“Oh Molly,” Sherlock rumbled across the vowels and consonants, “please.”
“I missed it.” Sherlock stated.
“Truce.” John agreed, “So, what now?”
“We should have gotten something to eat.” John reached to refill his own glass, missing the bottle on his first grab.
He thought.
“What… No! Sherlock… “
Sherlock glanced up to John’s face, eyes glittering, “More?”
“Perfect,” he repeated, low and rumbling, “I meant it, by the way,” he added softly.
“I don’t like the idea of frostbite either, so whatever you’ve come up with, I’m onboard.”
He still didn’t mention it as it became a night-time routine, as Sherlock willingly sacrificed hours to simply sit and run idle hands over John’s back in seemingly meaningless movements.
you, John. It mattered. Your
“At some point…” John stepped quietly into the room and tried to adopt a suitably serious pose, “I’m going to mention your state of dress. When I do that, I want to assure you, it will be difficult to appear appropriately professional.”
**--**
John smiled, “Right, no girlfriend…” he paused, “boy… friend?”
, to now know it’s not. At this moment, Sherlock was on the other side of that door, alone, and tired, and…
“But……..” John began.
“Seems like the matter has been taken out of my hands, so-to-speak,” came the reply, whispered in his ear, “But I thought you wouldn’t find this – me - arousing.”
Sensing Sherlock had reached his limit, John regretfully released the hand and straightened, breaking some of the tension but not moving away, “then I’ll bid you goodnight, and wish you the very sweetest of dreams, my dearest of friends.”
“Not to you. Never to you.” He said, soothingly.
“God, sorry,” John slid his arms around Sherlock to roll them onto their sides, “Damn, that snuck up on me.”
John looked into his pale eyes, for the first time seeing all the hope and fear that Sherlock usually kept so tightly guarded, “I thought we just had.”
Sherlock thought of the critical role Mary played in the machinations of his brother’s schemes, “Indeed. Most irregular.”
“And my alternative is the married to my work speech? No thanks” John tried to ignore the way Sherlock had said masturbate.
Sherlock had begun fidgeting in his seat around five minutes ago and it had now gotten so bad that the steering was beginning to waver alarmingly.
“John…” The tone was tentative.
“Molly Hooper,” Sherlock’s silken voice at her shoulder sent a reflexive shudder though her small frame as the tray of samples slipped from her fingers.
“Should I leave?” Sherlock asked quietly.
“Lock the door,” John gestured from his stranglehold in Sherlock’s arms.
in soothing tones. But I wish to God that she’d just somehow
There had been a vague discussion regarding the temperature of the room, and the narrowness of the sofa that prompted the move to Sherlock’s bed. In hindsight, John doubts either of them needed much convincing, and as a result the routine continued with John sprawled face-down on Sherlock’s high count sheet with Sherlock settled comfortably next to him against the headboard. Neither mentioned the breathy sighs Sherlock’s touch sometimes elicited from John and the fact that on some nights, John ended their session by quietly excusing himself to the bathroom for some ‘private time’ in the shower with the radio turned up to cover any incriminating noises.
“Me, bed, now,” John pointed at the stairs, “night.”
The deep baritone chuckle was more at ease, and John gave the hand under his a fond squeeze as it continued it’s path up and around and down again.
“Angelo’s! Dinner, John. We have reservations!” The vibrancy, missing for the past weeks, was suddenly back. Sherlock’s frenetic energy gathering John up in it’s maelstrom.
John could see Sherlock roll his eyes, even from his upside down vantage point and braced himself for the lengthy explanation of the experiment he was no doubt being subjected to. However, he was unprepared for the unvarnished honesty in Sherlock’s whispered reply, “I’ve already said… You enjoy it.”
“I’m starving,” John ventured as they parked the car, “dinner?”
John couldn’t suppress the sudden laugh at the memory, “Yes… yes, I think one at a time might be best for everyone.
John smiled at his own internal joke as he stood over the sleeping man, the sharpened stake clutched over his head in his stocky hand.
I know you were drunk, and I know you don’t remember, but for some reason, logic doesn’t seem to be helping me here. You can’t take those words back, and I can’t seem to forget them. So the only choice I have, if I’m to stop them tearing me apart, is to stop them
“Sorry… nearly… “ Sherlock barked a rough laugh, “…nearly jumped straight to dessert there.”
all the time,” he shouted.
As he steadied himself on the edge of the desk he replied shakily, “I’m fine, truly I am, it all just became suddenly… very real indeed.”
The hands at John’s back tightened as Sherlock groaned, pulling the shorter man tighter against him as he fought the urge to bite down, “John… don’t.”
to be here at all. Was this… “ John gasped as Sherlock ran his fangs over the now taut bud in his mouth, “… was this your plan for me all along?”
“I know that.” John said defensively.
Sherlock rolled his hip under John’s hand and ground his erection against his arse, “And if I don’t want slow?”
“What would we… have?”
“But he’s… Oh, all right, let’s give him another go, shall we?”
“But there are still lines, John, and I’m just as terrified of those new lines today, as I was of those in our other life. I can’t lose you, John”
, Sherlock thought with despair.
“A week… “ John mumbled through gritted teeth, “He goes into heat in a week. If I don’t kill him before then, he’s mine.”
“Fuck me, John. Or let me fuck you, I’d be happy with either, although I’ve never bottomed and I was hoping you’d be the first.”
After another moment of stillness, Sherlock muttered, “I’ll just…” and began wriggling in place.
“And would you eat… if I were to make something?” John asked, his breathing picking up suddenly.
“Mycroft’s doing, I suspect. He was never happy with our involvement, so he removed any evidence that we were there. Superficially, it’s entirely feasible that I could have been in Scarborough.”
“Who makes the rules?” John hovered over Sherlock’s mouth, breathing the words into his lover’s mouth.
John turned to smile at Sherlock just as the detective’s phone rang again.
And he was so quiet, Sherlock thought. While they both knew that with Mrs Hudson downstairs, and the house settled for the night, they would need to watch the sounds from upstairs, this was ridiculous. John was approaching the taking of Sherlock’s virginity with something like monastic worship.
And with the hateful words hanging in the air and the sound of Sherlock’s door slamming shut, the memories came rushing back to John.
Lowering his mouth, John murmured against the skin, “I know,” and bit.
“Yes,” John released him and Sherlock slumped back onto his pillows, “Oh… John.”
“They found her at the aquarium,” Lestrade’s voice was barely audible, “Just come, soon as you can. Please.”
“But don’t you think…”
The only bright spot of the evening turned out to be the opportunity to watch surreptitiously as John took himself in hand, stroking briskly before tidily ejaculating into his own fist to limit the mess he then wiped up with his discarded shirt.
“Mr Watson?” The nurses voice came from in front of them, “If you’ll come with me?”
He’d tried to ask, more than once, desperate to reassure himself that Holmes had some outlet for what he was sure was years of very natural, pent-up emotion. Someone who would hold him close, touch him tenderly and give him much needed release from what he had no doubt were substantial yet carefully concealed passions.
John sat transfixed by the way Sherlock’s hand disappeared and reappeared at the hem of his jeans, the sight inexplicably filthy, “No… “ he managed shakily, “No, I think we should enjoy the meal together.”
There was something utterly defeated in Sherlock’s nod as if he’d risked everything and only now knew he’d lost, “always.”
There was a stifled noise from John’s chair and John cleared his throat, “Thanks, I appreciate it.”
“Oh Sherlock,” John boldly pressed both palms flat against the bare skin of Sherlock’s chest, rosy nipples bracketed between spread fingers, “I think rather it would be impossible to think more of you,” he looked up eyes serious, “will you let me show you? Will you let me show you the depth of my feelings for you?”
“Are we going to talk about it?” He asked quietly.
“Still?”
There was something altogether peculiar, Sherlock thought, about the way disrobing in front of a man you intended to become intimate with differed from disrobing for purely practical purposes. His arms suddenly felt too long, and his fingers seemed oddly stiff as they worked buttons and laces free. It made no logical sense, he told himself, the mechanical function of –
“Sherlock, look at me. Need to check some things,” John tapped Sherlock on the cheek, “You with me, you listening?”
John rose silently from his chair and ran nervous fingers across his moustache as he watched his usually eloquent friend struggle to put his thoughts into words. Once again, the crushing solitude of Sherlock Holmes buffeted John and as the taller man moved from his chair to stand at the window shrouded by the shadowy curtains.
“Oh, I think that’s Sherlock’s job, really. Pity he’s not here.”
“I let you feed on me, and… well, that started off a chain of events that I’m not sure either of us was expecting.”
“Why aren’t I…what?”  Sherlock looked down at John’s hand, now spayed on his chest, intrigued and a little unsettled.
I sigh with contentment, my head pillowed on John’s chest, his fingers still carding idly through my hair as I listen to the steady thud-thud of his lion-sized heart under my ear.
It was never sent.
. Angry at the time lost, the opportunity and even the danger. The idea of tapping into Sherlock’s hidden passion, needing to keep it quiet, perhaps having to lay a firm hand over those plush lips to silence an unrestrained cry of exultation. Arousal fizzed through John’s veins and pooled low in his groin.
“Goodnight, Sherlock. It’s for the best,” John murmured, surrounded by Sherlock’s scent and presence.
“The fridge is empty, you didn’t buy anything,” Sherlock stated the obvious.
“Yeah, sorry,” even facing away from Sherlock’s knowing gaze, he blushed.
“Hurry… “ Sherlock’s voice was muffled where his face was pressed to the pillow.
“They’ll take care of her, Sherlock. They’ll do what needs to be done and they’ll send you the file and we’ll catch them, whoever these bastards are, we’ll catch them.”
“Yeah, fuck, yeah,” and in support of what he thought was a frankly brilliant idea, he helped Sherlock tug at them until he was able to shimmy them down passed his knees to disappear somewhere at the foot of the bed.
Gently stirring his tea, John gingerly took a seat on the other side of the table, “I can’t remember much after we finished the curry. Was I much trouble?”
“Calm down, Watson. The belongings you left behind are perfectly safe, they’ve just been… relocated.”
Sometime in the intervening period, they’d cleared the the table and pushed it away, moving to sit on the floor in front of their chairs. Sherlock’s legs lay parallel to John’s, his feet tucked against John’s hip.
“No,” Sherlock took a step back and settled into his chair, “No, we can continue as we are. You can continue to cling desperately to the hope that masturbation will address this issue.”
Confirming the relationship she continued speaking, “You rather spoiled my brother’s plans, you know; getting
“Nothing… “
Sherlock went still at John’s words, staring down into John’s flushed face and dilated pupils before his mouth twitched, lifted at the corners, and an aborted laugh burst from his lips. Raising his hand to his mouth to suppress any further outburst, he looked down, eyes crinkling, “Oh, John! I’m sorry…” He chuckled again, settling his hands at John’s waist, “
And yet…
John lowered his arm, and tried to slow his breathing. He was in too deep, and he knew it.
Sherlock glanced down, following the path of John’s gaze and then looked up, eyes glittering and he reached up a hand toward John, beckoning him back.
can’t mend things. Sometimes things stay broken.” Sherlock pushed the chair noisily away from the table, rose and padded to his room, closing the door behind him.
“You’re supposed to ask if I have family,” Sherlock prompted.
“He’s NOT!” John crossed his arms, furious.
“What?” John said quickly, lifting his head to look into Sherlock’s face, “No, it was good, it was
I’m sorry your nightmares have returned. Upon reading, that line looks superficial, as if I’m writing ‘the weather is fine, how are you?’ But truly, John, I’m sorry for your suffering. I’d clearly not attributed any action by me as contributing to their easing. If a few nights nestled at your back were somehow a panacea to your demons, then I’m glad, and sorry that I can’t be there to soothe you now.
And in any case, his inner voice chided, it wasn’t as if his natural inclination tended toward men. He was married, and happily so. He conceded that Sherlock’s lean form and graceful movements may give some men pause to consider him attractive, and the glossy sheen of his hair and startling eyes may give some men cause to stare. But on the occasions that John had reached to straighten a collar or brush a sooty mark from a prominent cheekbone, that was just to preserve the untarnished image he’d created of the refined genius in his stories. Nothing more.
**--**
**--**
The sound around them faded into the distance as they sat together, breathing quietly and John’s shivering settled further, tucked against Sherlock’s shoulder, cheek pressed against the thick fabric of his Belstaff..
John and Sherlock begin discussions regarding the case.
I shift my head minutely and nudge the top of his head with my chin. There’s a murmured grunt as he begins to wake and realise where he is. With a slight turn, he presses his lips to my shoulder and settled in closer, his arm laying a familiar claim of my chest.
“But?”
“Alright.” Closing the book he’d been reading while eating breakfast, he gave John his full attention.
“But… Mycroft?”
He rolled to settle back against Sherlock’s still pyjama-clad crotch with a breathy sigh as the touch of Sherlock’s fingers returned, now more intimate than ever, flesh-on-flesh. John could feel the slightly rough callouses from where his fingertips held down violin strings as they pressed against his over sensitive skin.
John’s hand dropped away as he took a step back, alarm widening his eyes, “No! And stop deducing me when I’m half asleep, Holmes. It’s not… helpful.”
a text-book example of the modern vampire, are you Sherlock?” John levered himself up on to his elbows, and then shifted to sit leaning against the headboard, steadying himself as the room spun.
For our fair John is not for us
“SHERLOCK!” John shouted as he thundered up the stairs of 221B.
**--**
That it bears the strength to beat for 4 score years or more
“Yours,” Sherlock’s voice was stronger, laced with a sob.
The gentle tapping of keys and mousepad signalled Sherlock’s return to his research and John found his remaining will didn’t extend to further argument. Instead he rolled onto his side, briefly grunting at the sharp pain in his lumbar region, and settled again with his back facing the room, top of his head pressed against Sherlock’s warm thigh.
“Their loss,” Sherlock murmured, hands continuing to move, “You’re aroused…” He added, more a statement Of fact than a question.
Sherlock nodded slowly, “Oh yes, after so long I’d want to savour this meal.”
Sherlock put down the page he’d been reading and gestured to the floor near him, “You should come here, it will help me explain.”
John Watson is a quandry, a mystery and a connumdrum.
John felt great. Well, apart from the irritating need to constantly monitor Sherlock’s location, mood, skin color, height, weight, eye color, socks, hair length. Everything, really, just… everything. There wasn’t a single moment of the day that John’s focus strayed from the brooding vampire. The niggling need to tend to him, care for him,
“Bond me,” Sherlock whimpered, “please, John,
Sherlock stilled for a moment, face still hidden in darkness, hovering over John’s face, his breath flowing down over John’s cheeks and lips. With a groan, he let himself fall forward, burying his face against John’s neck, nuzzling his lips against the skin there while one of his hands shifted to twine into John’s hair.
“It’s not…sufficient.” John took two steps toward Sherlock, roughly striking away the wetness from his cheek, “and it’s
With another glance at his watch, he finally sighed in resignation and paid the bill, heading down the hallway to knock on the door of their shared room.
Dear God, what have we done? He thought, the feel of Sherlock’s fingers still buzzing against his lips. We should never have said those things, done those things. How can we possibly manage to maintain the farce of a mere friendship ever again?
“You can’t,” Molly shouted in horror.
Sherlock’s breathing hitched, and his arm tensed, “What are you saying, John?”
John cupped Sherlock’s cheek, “I Promise. Oh God, I’m so sorry. I’m sorry I didn’t know, didn’t ask.”
“I have an idea,” Sherlock stood in the middle of the room, his breath fogging the air, “but you won’t like it.”
“Mmmm,” Sherlock nodded, a frown etched on his face, “the chemicals must have been tainted.” He turned to glance down at John,
More often than not, John would give an internal shrug of surrender, shed his jeans and crawl back under the warm covers for a few more hours.
“Seriously though…”
Sherlock grunted and stilled, clarity returning to his eyes, “What?” he asked tersely.
willing partners.” Sherlock was peppering John’s shoulder with gentle kisses, seemingly lost to post-coital glow.
Their ‘not-housekeeper’ flashed a look toward Sherlock before replying, “Not over cooked then? Sherlock says – “
Sherlock's seduction of the hunter, John Watson, continues.
“Of course not.” John pulled his jumper off and was unbuttoning his sleeve cuff, “I’m giving you what you need.”
John methodically folded the newspaper and put it aside with exaggerated care, “It’s not what I’d call a
“God, look at you. You really are mine, aren’t you?” John dipped a finger into Sherlock’s dripping hole, running it around the already puffy edges as Sherlock gasped and pushed back, “My little Omega, hungry for an enormous cock. I’m going to fuck you so good you’ll
Perhaps sensing something of Sherlock’s anxiety, John murmured quiet endearments, to low to even make out the words and gently covered Sherlock’s fingers with his own, slowly guiding the buttons through the holes, one at a time, pausing between each to allow Sherlock to gain a measure of calm at the movements.
“Your reputation isn’t boring, Sherlock. It matters what people think of you.”
Something complicated and unsure flashed in Sherlock’s eyes and was gone again, but not before John saw it.
“Something happened to me while I was away for two years,” he began hesitatingly, “at a point where I thought all hope was lost and was on the verge of death, I found myself in Nepal and in the care of some very gifted people. They healed me and showed me,” Sherlock sighed as if he’d missed something glaringly obvious, “that once you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.”
It started one night after a particularly long and wearing day at the clinic. The usual stream of runny noses, aches and pains, and requests for prescription refreshes had been punctuated by an overly large man who’d stumbled as he left the consulting room, causing John to reach out a steadying arm. The result had been the poor man putting his not inconsiderable weight on John’s bad shoulder, a nasty bruise for the patient from the impact with the doorframe, John’s wrenched shoulder socket, and a nagging twinge in John’s lower back.
John rolled over with a groan. His first thought was that he was suffering from a particularly bad hangover but the absence of the usual odours of sweat, and booze and cigarettes disabused him of that notion. Nevertheless, the furry tongue and splitting headache spelled dehydration and that was rapidly followed by recollections of the previous night and Sherlock’s feeding.
“I’m not a very good artist. Look, that long thin one with the scarf,” he gestured to one near the top edge, “That’s you.”
, Sherlock had replied.
“That was how it
“You didn’t know, Sherlock. It’s OK, you didn’t know.”
“Of course, sir. I’ll have you more comfortable in just a minute.” With deftness at odds with the amount of alcohol they’d consumed, Sherlock rid John of his shirt before pausing thoughtfully at the button of his jeans and sitting back on his heels.
It should have freaked me out; it does when anyone else touches it. But you were so gentle, so careful. Tracing first with fingertips and then thumbs, testing how the skin moved and resisted. I could tell you were comparing the feel of the scar to that of the skin around it, walking the lines with your fingertips. Then, once you were done, you lay a flat palm over the mark, as if to obscure it. I though that’s what you were doing, wondering how I’d look without the deformity. But then you kissed the top of your hand where it lay over the ruined skin.
Stepping into view, Janine’s dark hair was tied back in an efficient bun, and the bile rose in Molly throat as the striking resemblance to her brother became apparent.
, thought Sherlock,
On any other day, John may have challenged the action, asked what the hell Sherlock was doing, perhaps made a weak and increasingly implausible objection. As it was, the careful, undemanding touch was like balm on frayed nerves and he settled for a deep, thankful sigh and relaxed.
If he hadn’t been watching for it, he’d have missed the firm hand Sherlock ran over his fly and the quiet moan that he detective couldn’t quite suppress as he stepped from the car, turning quickly away to hide what he was doing.
Opposite, Sherlock sat, hands templed beneath his chin quietly regarding the conundrum that was his flatmate.
“You ok?” John murmured, bringing his clean hand up to stroke through soft curls.
“No. Apparently not.”
“Stay there, just… damn it,” he called back before seeming to tremble for a moment and the sound of a zipper carried over the background noise of wind across the barren landscape.
John looked at the honesty and vulnerability in Sherlock’s face, knowing it must be reflected in his own. Sherlock was right, in some way they
“That… I dunno, “ John knew Sherlock was pushing him, forcing him to articulate his thoughts, no matter how much he might want to obfuscate, “that you were… in the way.”
John groaned and shifted again, “Seriously? You’re sitting there in nothing but flannelette and a t-shirt and you’re leaving me in jeans?”
The voice seemed to come from a long way away and yet when John opened his eyes, Sherlock was crouched near his left elbow, a cup in his hand. With horror, John realised he’d fallen asleep in the presence of the vampire he’d very recently threatened to kill.
, hun… ,” he stalled the word on his lips, “… Doctor.”
John’s face fell and the eyes, so moist and soft, hardened in a moment and he dropped his head with a sigh, “Right… S’ok, didn’t think… was right…”
“There,” he said, as he double checked the lock, “wouldn’t do to have unexpected visitors in the morning.”
Sherlock dispensed with John’s belt and began on the button on his jeans without pausing, “Naked, John, is what I want. As soon as possible.”
And with that Sherlock fell quiet, adding a slow blink in John’s direction as if waiting for enlightenment to strike his flatmate.
“John?”
With a smile, John crossed his arms and leaned in the doorway, “Any particular reason we’re channelling the bard?”
“Two weeks! That’s unacceptable, Sherlock. I’m not putting up with this for two weeks!”
“In your hand… to touch, does it have to be… you?”
“Sherlock…” he nudged the sleeping man as best he could with both arms trapped, and Sherlock stirred, eyes opening and head lifting from its pillow of John’s chest.
On a long breath out, John murmured, “Jesus,” before continuing with more assurance, “then that makes this even more important. I want this,” he gestured between them, “whatever this could be, to have a chance. A proper chance, without our bloody biologies dictating the terms.”
. If John were completely honest with himself, he’d known that even as he retrieved the stake from the bottom of his army locker. Just the thought of Sherlock’s eyes, those uniquely opalescent eyes opening in shock and betrayal as the stake was driven in only to dim and close as the light flickered out. Just the
John’s brow creased, “Yeah, that’s what I thought you said.” He shook his head, “Still doesn’t make sense… What?”
John’s gaze sharpened with interest, “How does that work?”
“Not with your face mashed into a pillow, when I bond you, it will be with you in my arms. I want you cl-close to me, surrounding me. I wa-want to be touch- touching you all…
“Putting you off your food?” John’s voice came out a pathetic squeak.
John couldn’t contain his frustration any longer, “For fucks sake, Sherlock. What is the
Sherlock answered with an easier nod and a somewhat wicked smile, “Oh, I’ve heard cuttlefish can be quite adventurous, given the right circumstances. Truce?”
“I don’t see there’s much to say, do you?” Sherlock replied carefully, avoiding John’s eyes.
Sherlock panted, sweat beginning to bead on both their forehead’s and roll down their joined faces, “That’s it, John… let go. Let me see the real you, show me how you want it to be between us.”
“Hmmm,” Sherlock gazed at him with groggy eyes.
“No, it’s not that. He did that while he was staying with me. He’s here, John, but he’s not… here,” Molly paused, “Sorry, that’s not very clear is it?”
“Not funny, Sherlock. Not funny.” John turned and rattled the doorknob again with similar results, muttering over his shoulder, “I can’t believe you—“
With a frustrated huff, John rolled on to his other side, only making the situation worse as the familiar odours wafted up again.
hunter so much closer to home. Given she’s not my hunter, she must therefore be your handler. It’s the only thing that makes sense.”
“Is that alright,” the voice behind him asked softly, “That I’m so close to you… and aroused? I’m not overly familiar with the protocol here.”
John stepped back, tensing slightly, “It doesn’t matter. Come on, up you get; Doctor’s orders, the clock’s just chimed two so you should get a few hours.”
He is also... fascinating.
I remember that I came willingly. Too vulnerable, tired, and scared to overthink the situation, what it could mean,
John reached to grip the sleeve of Sherlock’s robe, forestalling any further movement and stepped up to stand close, his voice dropping to whisper intimately, “Do not think for a moment that my feelings are relegated to the past, Sherlock. While it’s true I’m married, and I owe her my fidelity, do
“Don’t be,” Sherlock’s breath was back against his ear again, “I take it as a compliment.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, “Then go… report to your handler and come back to me, we have… things to do.”
Sherlock nodded, “Kitty Riley.” He stepped forward to take the tray of samples from Molly, “I just don’t know
John began to giggle, which quickly devolved into laughs that shook them both as Sherlock continued to try and get an arm free and the coat, with its mystical cloak as lining, tugged them back together.
“Well, he does that Molly, he’s at Barts all the time,” John continued separating clothes into piles.
“No! NO! Don’t. I’m alright, it’s good, So good, SO GOOD!” Sherlock stilled, shivering, “God, John, SO good.” With a hitching breath, he began to shift, rocking against John gently and then with more purpose, “John…”
A simple thing and yet ‘tis not
“Not at all, my dear man, I take your hesitation as an indication of the depth of your feeling regarding the importance of this moment,” John tugged Sherlock’s fingers up to lay a soft kiss to the knuckles. “No-one else has ever seen you so adrift, and I am almost overcome that you would let me see you so.”
“You’d better be ready.” Sherlock mumbled against John’s collarbone, currently being used for balance as he toed off his trousers and socks, “because I’m not going to be able to wait.”
But Holmes… Holmes was something else entirely. To hear the man say that he felt for him, that he
Sherlock turned his head to rest his cheek on John’s chest, clearly listening to his heart beat, “That wasn’t what this was about.”
The detective managed a shaky nod as if it took all the remaining emotional strength he had. Slowly, he reached out with long fingers and brushed them tentatively against John’s cheek reassuring himself that the man was still there, real and warm in front of him.
Sherlock looked down at it quizzically, his hands full with the old one, “Are those…?”
“More, John,” Sherlock moaned, “Give me more.”
think me unaffected by this,” when Sherlock tried to back away, John tightened his fingers bunching the fabric in a fist, “I’d give you everything you want, and gladly. It mirrors everything I want, but you’re right, it’s
The screaming in his head was hard to overcome, it seemed so reasonable
The gas-lights had been turned to low, and shadows loomed large in the corners of the rooms, hiding their own secrets from view
Sherlock willed his hand not to tremble as he slotted the key in the lock of 221 Baker Street, praying that Mrs Hudson would already be abed as he guided John through the door with a hand firmly on the small of his back.
“Thanks.” John reached for the glass, refilling it twice before levering himself up to sit against the headboard.
in it for you, so why are you doing it?”
married.
“You might change your mind when it starts insisting on joining in.”
As John reached the corner he scrabbled at the bricks in a practiced attempt to slow himself and pivot around the corner into the alley.
“Stay there, Sherlock, or so help me I will END you, I swear it.” John’s hand moved carefully to the gun at his waist.
“I know, but I do,” John murmured quietly.
“What was the alternative? The other car came out of nowhere. An accident was inevitable, the only question was how bad it was going to be. You chose the lesser of two evils.”
John tried to slow the erratic beating in his chest at the determined, hungry tone in Sherlock’s voice.
“And then,” Sherlock whispered into the intimate space between their faces, “I’d have done this.” He tilted his hips forward, grinding against John’s where they were flush against the wall. The hard length of Sherlock’s erection pressed against John’s hip, making it instantly clear how much he wanted John at that moment.
Lowering his hands, Sherlock unfurled himself from the chair and stood, the coffee table and wrapped bundle still between them. Looking down and frowning, Sherlock dragged a long, slow breath through his nose before looking up at John, eyes pale and piercing, “I suppose it’s time, after all.”
John hovered in the doorway, “Want to talk about it?”
More disturbing was the altogether more musky and human scent that assailed him whenever he snuggled down further under the sheets. He rather suspected that Sherlock had a tendency to tuck the sheet unto the hollow of his underarm, so prevalent was the scent along the top edge. It reminded him too much of rare and keenly missed moments after a frantic chase through London Streets, ending up confined together in sweaty camaraderie in a handsome cab on the way home.
“Forever…” Sherlock whined, “Need you to make me come, need you to knot me.”
But today, Sherlock had gone quiet. Not the common
“What…?” Sherlock began and stopped as John raised his hand.
“You were cutting it fine,” John struggled to keep his voice level against the tide of pheromones washing over him.
“Hi,” he mumbles fondly.
“Jesus, Sherlock, what the fuck was that?” John’s voice sounded wrecked to his own ears, gravelly and raw.
Sherlock’s door closed behind him, granting the privacy and safety of the solid wood between them, blocking the urge to reach and touch further, and John drew in a harsh and ragged breath as he leaned against the barrier.
, and as Sherlock watched her sipping at her tea and sitting in John’s chair, he desperately tried to deduce the level of the cataclysm that was about to befall them.
“The date, John.” Sherlock said softly.
Sherlock took the outstretched hand as John offered it and unfolded himself from the leather cocoon of his chair. They stood close for a moment, hands grasped a little too long and Sherlock again wondered what had disturbed Watson’s rest. There was something evasive in the way the shorter man was looking at him. He briefly wondered if his doctor had been rifling through his belongings in the seclusion of his bedroom. No, that didn’t explain it, John was familiar enough with his demands to retrieve all manner of object that breaching closed drawers would hold no guilt. But there was… Something.
I’m not sure how long I lay there before I turned on my side, away from you. It didn’t seem long, but time has a way of changing perceptions. Were you waiting for that, Sherlock, for me to roll over? Was that your plan? Was it your signal to scoot up behind me, slide a long arm under my pillow and gather me against you?
John balanced his elbows on his knees and then cradled his head in his hands, “If anything happens to her, Sherlock. It’ll be my fault.”
The obligatory candle appeared and was lit with great ceremony  before the orders were taken and they were left to themselves.
“When I move back… with Rosie.”
“Oh, yes. I imagine I would have,” Sherlock muttered.
At the first shudder of oversensitivity, Sherlock unfurled his hand and John released his rictus grip on Sherlock’s hair, moving his hand to cup Sherlock’s face as he opened his eyes to see Sherlock gazing at him from the pillow next to him, lids heavy and sated.
Sherlock sighed against John’s mouth, feeling his fangs beginning to descend as warmth built slowly under the onslaught of John’s kisses, “anything else?”
“C’mon, into the bedroom with you. I’m not taking you against the wall for our first time.” He helped Sherlock toe off his shoes and rid himself of his ruined trousers.
The sudden erratic pounding in his chest came suddenly and brutally, and John found he couldn’t breathe. The room faded to gray and then white until he felt Sherlock’s strong arms around him, and his name being called from what seemed like far away.
“I’ve noticed… “ Sherlock chuckled back, “Good thing I’m here to keep you safe.”
“I’d not begrudge you that. You need not fear judgement from me, not when I’ve been plagued with a similar affliction.”
John tilted his head and looked up, “You never said; never even hinted.”
“You won’t lose me, Sherlock.”
John frowned and sighed, “Alright. Rule one… Never call me hunter again, I loathe it. It isn’t who I am, Sherlock.”
“OK,” John lapsed to silence.
“John, I’m trying to… Oh, to hell with it,” Sherlock slumped against John in defeat, “Alright, we’ll stay here, alright?”
Sherlock lifted it and brought it down swiftly against the edge of the table, watching as shard flew in all directions, “Now, say you’re sorry.”
“It gets worse, I promise you,” Sherlock shrugged out of his heavy Belstaff coat.
With a shudder, Sherlock came to life under John’s hands. Hands that had been acquiescent and submissive were suddenly firm and demanding on John’s waist, pulling them roughly together as Sherlock’s hips drove upward.
“I hope so, because I have a feeling he’s close by.”
**--**
a good idea.
“Holmes,” John lay a gentle hand on his shoulder, “Holmes, go to bed,” he murmured again.
Sherlock licked and nipped at John’s mouth, duelling with John’s tongue as it flicked out to delve into Sherlock’s mouth. John brought a hand up to push under Sherlock’s t-shirt, working his way up the ladder of his ribs to thumb over pebbled nipple. John whimpered in encouragement as Sherlock’s shivering worsened, seemingly on the brink of simply pushing John to the floor. At the thought, John groaned and began trying to shove his jeans down one-handed. Without looking, Sherlock lay a large hand on John’s hip, stilling his movements, before briefly canting his hips against John’s side and pulling away, panting shakily, their temples pressed together.
“God… More, Sherlock… Yes.” John’s knuckles whitened where they gripped the headboard, pushing back as hard as Sherlock pushed forward. Sherlock knew the signs well by now, the erratic breathing, the slight wriggle in John’s hips as he sought just the right angle, the way he thrust through the circle of Sherlock’s fingers, the rhythm faltering as his eyes screwed shut and his mouth dropped open.
“Can’t sleep?” John’s groggy voice greeted me in the dark of his room.
“It’s perfect, Mrs Hudson, just perfect,” John cemented the opinion with a lavish slather of butter onto another slice.
“No, don’t do that. You know something. Something you think I ought to have worked out for myself. I’m too tired for this, just
“Some lessons can’t be learned in class.” Sherlock moved to nuzzle at John’s neck again and John helplessly lifted his chin encouraging the touch.
Molly struggled against the two solid men who held her arms behind her back.
John sighed and looked up to meet Sherlock’s eyes again, “You know why.”
“No, I was just considering what I would have done if you’d have said that last time we were here.”
Sherlock paused and turned back toward him, brows crowded together again in confusion, “What are you talking about? Why aren’t you coming too?”
Something complicated shifted in John’s features and his lips pressed more firmly together before he replied, “Yeah… OK… I’ll just… go pack, will I?”
“I don’t understa…” Sherlock glanced at the sheets on the floor.
Sherlock smiled, “Someone who sees me for who I am. Someone who says
“On the jet?” John replied, “You solved that other case… The one from 100 years ago.”
“John…” his name was a whimper, a cry, a clarion call. And John couldn’t suppress the grin as Sherlock surrendered and the desperate need he’d been bottling up broke free.
“Are you still alright? You’ve gone very quiet, my dear man.” John’s voice startled Sherlock back into the room, and he opened his eyes to find John standing quietly in front of him, brow furrowed worriedly.
Sherlock’s arm came up to press a hand at the small of John’s back, encouraging him to rut against him, and John could feel the urgent press of Sherlock’s own erection pressing hard and unforgiving between them, urgent and demanding, “Show me…” He rasped out, “Show me, John.”
, but the spark of rationality wasn’t completely gone and he rolled to grab the unremarkable box from the drawer, handing over two pills that John dry swallowed.
“JOHN!” His shouts remained unanswered. Don’t let me be too late. Don’t let me –
The whisper of sheets and a breeze was all the warning I had before John slipped soundlessly in beside me.
threat? The one I had held at your waist while you were distracted.”
John reached for the teacup, but Sherlock flinched back when it was offered to him, his eyes narrowing and shoulders tense.
John frowned and thought the remainder of the conversation through. He’d assure Sherlock that whatever his sexuality, it was fine. Sherlock would agree, and brush John off with a comment about being married to his work. Change it, Sherlock had said.
John nodded stiffly and held his gaze, “You should know I’d have wanted you to, Holmes. Take the risk, that is; but things aren’t so simple now.”
The silence sat, pensive and loaded, John breathing a little too loud at the prospect of Sherlock touching him, getting some attention for his increasingly demanding erection and Sherlock still fidgeting in the other bed.
“Am I likely to have a choice?”
“No,” Sherlock frowned, “not really. I don’t have any comparison, you see.”
John was still sitting in his chair as Sherlock leaned against the kitchen bench, trying to clear his head with lungfuls of smoggy London air, “Sorry” John whispered quietly.
“What?”
John leaned and gently took the glass from Sherlock’s tightly clenched hands, “I would have been. I
“Not important now,” Sherlock muttered, shuffling John backward until he tumbled onto the bed, with Sherlock following shortly after.
Flinging the door open, he launched himself toward the landing as he heard the front door open, Mycroft’s voice in soothing tones encouraging John toward the waiting car.
And this plan had been perfectly serviceable until Doctor John Hamish Watson had entered his life and, shortly after, set up residence in his heart. He’d hoped that with John’s marriage to Mary the infatuation may ease, but instead he found himself mentally speculating as to the nature, frequency and satisfaction of the Watson marital bed.
“Thank God,” Sherlock muttered, all but bundling John under his arm as he seemed to explode from his chair in the direction of his room.
“Until the morning then, doctor,” Sherlock breathed the words in a low whisper and considered the faint tremor in John’s grip at the tone. Looking more closely, he took in the continued tension in John’s shoulders. The uncommon discomfort in his proximity to Holmes’ person. There were signs of adrenaline that shouldn’t be evident at this late hour and straight from a restful sleep.
Sherlock groaned as all they’d shared last time assailed him,
It was bad enough that those things had all happened after he’d cluelessly made Sherlock watch and help him marry her, all the while not understanding that Sherlock had felt far more than he’d let on.
“Only the second anniversary of the death of your wife and child,” Sherlock didn’t gild the words, “nothing that would possibly prompt… thoughts of self-harm, then?”
Sherlock leaned close and John could feel the warmth of his breath near his ear, “Thank you for this, John. I thought I’d go mad if I didn’t give in again, but… the pain.”
Janine nodded to the two men behind Molly’s back and they efficiently got to work. One knelt at her feet and wrapped her ankles with broad tape. The other adjusted his grip to hold her while his partner worked to attach a rope connecting the tape to a pair of oxygen tanks laying on the tiles by her side.
Sherlock lay curled in his chair, arm stretched along the back to cushion his head as he snored softly in the awkward position. John suppressed a moment of guilt at forcing the man to seek his repose there.
“Hmm?”
, John, don’t bother.”
Sherlock’s fingers tightened on his arm, the muffled whuffing and slurp continued, and John swayed as another round of vertigo assailed him.
John took a quick glance at the detective, at the high flush on his cheeks contrasting with his eyes, the usually light ring almost consumed with the dark pupils. “Steady on, old boy. Plenty of time.”
And he knew John was holding himself back. Simmering below the surface, clear for Sherlock to deduce was the soldier he knew John to be. Trained, prepared and simply awaiting the call to arms.
Mary returned from Bath, John returned home and Sherlock buried himself in cases, calling on John’s help as often as he thought he could manage without Mary accusing her husband of spending more nights at 221 than at home.
“And you… “ John placed an enquiring hand on Sherlock’s foot, already bare at his side, “would you have the same, or something different?”
“Mmmm,” came the mumbled reply.
John’s eyes narrowed thoughtfully at Sherlock’s discomfort, “On one condition, if you won’t answer that question, then you must concede to answering another.”
“I could do this, with you. If you wanted to, If you didn’t mind, that is.”
sensibilities were trying to get me out of that bed. The poor, vulnerable, exhausted John Watson stayed because being held like that by you was possibly the most intimate, sensual thing I’d ever experienced.
“I’m sure,” Sherlock replied softly, “We’ve waited long enough.”
“Now,” Sherlock drew his hand back and exhaled hard, settling instead along John’s side, curled tight and warm from chest to hip, “let’s talk about what you’d like for your main meal.”
“Fuck.” John whispered and quietly left the room, ascending the stairs to his own. Slipping inside he threw the stake on the bed and slid down the wall to sit on the cold floorboards in the dark of his room, alone with his thoughts and his failure.
John placed his hands on his hips, “Which is why I’m not in your bed, Sherlock.”
Finally, Sherlock shifted a little, lifting his sticky hand away from John’s now flaccid cock and hesitated, holding it carefully in midair, seemingly unsure whether it was alright to wipe it on the sheets or if that would seem impolite. John rolled onto his back and, noticIng the confused expression on his face, chuckled easily.
While I do not.
Sherlock sat on the sofa in the dark, the tears had stopped flowing around half an hour ago and now he just wanted to be numb, to chase the pain away and forget how he hurt and betrayed the people who thought of him as a friend over and over again. John, and now Molly. Who was next? Mrs Hudson, Lestrade.
Sherlock’s eyes widened before he gave one slow blink at John’s lack of surprise, with a sigh of frustration he offered, “I don’t know, that’s when I woke up and called out to you.”
Sherlock eased away without haste and rose from the bed, “I’m far more interested in the contents of that file. The cases against me are almost perfect, if not for that misstep on the Baskerville date even I’d have been willing to consider me a killer.”
“Yes, yeah… I’ve done…this. But, Sherlock, you said this was your first time as… “
With an angry huff of breath at his own weakness, he turned onto his back and tucked his errant hands underneath himself, “Stop it, Watson. Idle fantasy leads to nothing but ruin,” he muttered to himself as he began stoically counting sheep.
As John bent to retrieve his suitcase from the foyer, Sherlock hissed roughly, “leave it,” as he pushed the shorter man toward the stairs with clear intent.
With a resonant sigh, John turned to stare at Sherlock where he sat on the floor surrounded by paper, “What?”
“How often can you do that?” John asked, taking Sherlock’s cock in hand and beginning to stroke.
“Yes,” Sherlock stood suddenly, frustrated, “But I didn’t believe it. Or, if I did, I didn’t understand the possibilities inherent in the statement.”
His movements stifled, John simply moaned and ground his shoulders down onto the mattress, “God, your mouth. Should’ve known, you’re made for this.”
“There you go, you’ve got it now, Sherlock. I knew you could take me. My perfect, perfect Omega,” John began matching Sherlock’s movements, allowing the Omega to set the pace but stepping up the force with each thrust until they were slapping together with each motion.
I should set my trembling soul in his hands
Sherlock remained dedicated to the slide under the microscope lens until John reached out to gently touch him on the arm, at which point he jerked back as if struck and rose to step away from the table.
Sherlock chuckled against John’s chest where his head was cradled, “Not that I particularly want to admit a mistake, but I’ve actually been operating under the illusion that she has been my hunter. Have thought so for years. It’s why it was such a surprise to find my
“I could, stand in, if you want to try it.”
. I whimper and bury my head against his neck as the onslaught continues.
“OK?” Sherlock’s voice was gentle, perhaps sensing the mood of the room.
Sherlock managed to turn his head to glance at John over his shoulder. His eyes were feverish and bright, but there was something deeper there, hidden in their blue depths, “I’m sure, make me yours, John.”
“Problem?” asked the shorter man.
He began making a list.
“I could…” the hand that was doing such delightful things disappeared momentarily and John whined at the loss until he heard Sherlock spit wetly and the hand returned, slicker and resumed stroking.
“So are you; not so… drained.” The grin was back. Exposure of their secrets seemed to have softened the reserved detective. He seemed quicker to smile, to touch, to engage. John found that he quite liked this new Sherlock, in spite of his training screaming the opposite should be true.
“You obviously enjoy this. I’m simply suggesting that you remove your shirt to allow me better access. From my own selfish point of view, being able to see the edges of your muscle groups would make this more efficient.”
Silence fell again.
“Better?” He asked pulling back a little.
“Yes, I’m making a mess of this?”
The sound of saucepans clattering shook Sherlock from his analysis to find John pouring milk into a pot on the stove.
“Oh, friend John,” Sherlock looked up as John entered through the kitchen, watching as his flatmate dumped the shopping bags on the table, “hast thou returned from thy labours, tending to the weak and weary of our fair city.”
“First time for us,” Sherlock smiled wickedly, “both virgins then.”
“Just…” Sherlock sucked in a breath through his nose, “You said that, when you called me… when you were drunk.”
“Do we have to?”
“Well, strictly speaking, all babies have blue eyes, and I could just as accurately have said that she appears to have Winston Churchill’s chin. But yes, I do think there’s a similarity between your eyes that goes beyond mere coincidence.”
I was tracking you,” she sneered back.
“Alas, poor Billy! I knew him, Horatio: a fellow of infinite jest, of most excellent fancy”
On one particularly memorable night, John had missed his footing when running full speed down a set of stairs and had tripped on a loose nail, or his own feet and had only enough time to think, “I’m falling” before he was heading face first toward the concrete nearly a flight below. When he opened his eyes a heartbeat later, the gray floor was less than a centimeter in front of his nose, and he was suspended just above the rock hard floor.
“I don’t miss things like that.”
“She’s got your eyes, John.”
By the time he returned, Sherlock was rapping the top off a soft-boiled egg as Mrs Hudson poured tea into a pair of cups. He took a seat at the table and tried not to appear as awkward as he felt.
“I’ve got you, you’re home now,” John mumbled, making quick work of pulling Sherlock’s shirt off before starting on the catch to his trousers as Sherlock rubbed his bared chest against him.
They lay panting against each other, shuddering as pleasure became oversensitivity, and finally they eased apart, Sherlock rolling to flop bonelessly on his back at John’s side.
anything. He’s just sitting here, staring into space,” she sounded quite discomforted.
Do I wish we’d been more, had more, done more? Quite simply, yes; but time caught us out. I don’t believe in reincarnation, but perhaps we’d have had the time we needed in another life. Perhaps in that other life, we’d have bridged that ever narrowing gap after a case, your hands had lingered a little longer on my skin after patching me up, and perhaps, at long last, we could have given Mrs Hudson back that second bedroom. Just know that I did want it, John.
“Well, that’s disappointing,” Sherlock pouted in mock dismay, “I was rather hoping you’d like me to stop so you could fuck me.”
Three hours later, a little after 2am, Sherlock’s phone rang again and with a huff of frustration, Sherlock pulled it from his coat pocket expecting to see Molly’s name again and quite ready to tell her to wait until the morning to pass on whatever she’d found. Instead, he saw Lesrtrade’s name on the lit screen.
, and fled the room.
Sherlock smiled wryly and ventured, “So you got nothing out of it whatsoever?”
“You won’t get an argument from me, I’ve wanted you for years.”
Sherlock pushed the vegetables around his plate, making vague, artistic trails in the thin gravy. On the opposite side of the table, John stabbed at his peas with more force than necessary and did rather more throat clearing than appropriate in someone not suffering Tuberculosis.
John lay on his back, his chest heaving as his heartbeat calmed, “Very good… very VERY good. But… shit… “ John shook his head, “What WAS that?”
**--**
“Shhh…” The detective repeated, his voice low and intimate, “Just enjoy it.”
Sherlock glanced down at himself, the exposed triangle of neck visible between the gaping edges flushes as the blush rose to stain his cheeks, “But you only seek out Omega females, John.”
“John, there is a marker in vampire blood that binds willing donors to their feeder. It
“Not really the same,” John muttered, “unless the fish also wants to root the cuttlefish.”
John chuckled tiredly, “Dessert for breakfast? Sounds OK to me.”
John’s bed isn’t as forgiving as mine. His queen-size doesn’t offer the generosity of my king and, quite frankly, my sheets are far better. But for quality of sleep, the gentle rumble of John’s almost-snore lulls me into a deep and restful oblivion that is unmatched.
“Oh my God,” John’s hips arched off the bed, already seeking friction against his cock, “that can’t be a proper use of your powers.”
There was something different in the air, and John felt that Sherlock must surely hear his heart hammering. The low-level thrum of arousal ticked up a notch to a less easily ignored drumbeat, carrying blood southward and making John hyper-aware of each brush of fingers.
