He immediately latched his attention onto exposed nipples, twisting and pinching with just the right amount of pressure that had the man whininginto the skin of his neck, bucking his hips forward to grind his erection against Castiel’s. The feeling sent heat curling through his abdomen, and his hands shot back to the man’s hips. He pulled hard, refusing to let the man pull back as he rolled their hips together.
“Is it... really?” He whispered, lifting his head to gaze at Cas, Sam, and Jack, all sitting at the table looking as shocked as he was.
Dean opened his eyes and glanced across at Castiel with confusion - then he followed the man’s gaze to his own chest, where there were dark, teeth shaped bruises marking a trail down his chest. Suddenly Dean started laughing, his head dropping back on the floor, staring at the ceiling as his chest shook with laughter. After a few seconds Castiel started laughing too, and they both dissolved into hysterics, lying on the cold floor, covered in sawdust, come and sweat.
“There really isn’t much to tell. I work, I come home.” Castiel answered as he picked up his roller and started to paint the wall again.
“Bobby...” Dean sighed, stuck between grateful and amazed. “But... how did you know what city to come to?” Dean asked, confusion marring his face.
As the pain washed over his senses, orgasm reached up to claim him, a scream falling from his lips as his cock spurted hot streams of come over both Cas’ chest and his own. He felt Cas pulse inside of him and cry out his name, bringing with it a feeling unlike anything he’d ever experienced, prolonging his orgasm.
“We gathered that. Could hear it from here.” Sam answered with a slight chuckle. “So was that the last one?”
“Could I- uhm, have a quick… Just a break?” His voice cracked on the last word, and he felt the first tear slip free.
“Not at all.” The man smiled at him gently, and it lit up his face in a way that had Dean mesmerised. “I don’t mind. I just wasn’t expecting it. I have been called that name by friends, also, so please continue.”
Both stripped of clothing, Cas pressed himself back down against Dean, groaning as their cocks made contact. He slid his length along Dean’s, enjoying the friction but keeping it light, teasing, as he reached over to snag the bottle of astroglide from the side table and dropped it on the bed. Dean growled in frustration, his hips bucking up as he sought more friction. But Cas simply chuckled, pulling away slightly to deny the man.
“Cas.” Dean cupped his face in his hands, staring into his eyes. “Don’t be. My arms are here. You can fall into them, anytime you need.”
Dean shook his head, not believing what Jody was telling him. He was about to tell her no, no way, but her next words caught him off guard.
“Oh?” Castiel answered, sitting up straight in the chair with interest. “What has he got in mind? Another game?”
Dean could hear the mirth in Cas’ tone, but judging by the silence that followed, it went completely (and thankfully) over Sam’s head.
I do intend to do a time stamp on this so please, stay subscribed! But for now, it is done. They won, they're happy together, and it's done.
Dean called out as he let himself into the apartment they shared. He dropped his keys into the little bowl that sat on the table beside the door, then made his way down the hall and into the little kitchen. The apartment was silent, and the coffee machine sat clean and ready to brew, just as he had left it this morning. Sam obviously wasn’t home yet. Relief and disappointment flooded through him, warring with each other and confusing his scattered mind even more.
Dean gave no ground. He sucked and bit hard marks into Castiel’s neck, then moved back up, licking into his mouth and nipping at his lip aggressively. It was all he could do to keep up with the man as they stumbled blindly to the bedroom, shedding clothes along the way.
Dean pulled himself back to the present, noticing Castiel staring at him – there was no judgement in his eyes, though. He was watching Dean as though he was waiting, concerned but patient. Not pushing him. Dean appreciated that and cleared his throat, finding the words slowly.
“Look… Jodes.” Dean sighed out a breath, and shook his head. “You don’t have to do the whole conversation thing. I get it, I can’t expect to hold a job down while I keep having these episodes. Honestly, I’m surprised it didn’t come sooner. So, let’s just make this easier on both of us and I’ll leave now.”
“I like to think of those more as... guidelines.” Uriel shot him a feral grin as he pulled the towel off to the side theatrically.
“This isn’t your fault Dean.” Sam frowned at him, wondering when his brother’s self esteem had gotten so low. “Bad things just.. happen, sometimes. You can’t blame yourself for it.”
Castiel groaned out, feeling Dean’s hand drop down to his pants. It was by far the strangest way of introducing oneself he had ever heard of, but he wasn’t complaining. Rather, his mind had changed direction, and now he was focused on removing Dean’s pants, nearly ripping the button off in his desperation. Dean chuckled darkly against his throat, pushing Castiel’s sleep pants down over his ass, stopping at his thighs. Thank god for drawstring pants, Castiel thought. Strong, sure fingers wrapped around his cock, and Castiel felt his knees go weak as a loud moan forced it’s way up his throat.
“I’m going to- Dean, I’m nearly- Please!” Castiel babbled, his voice desperate even to his own ears.
“Deeean...” Cas groaned, dropping his head down onto Dean’s shoulder, hips pumping erratically at the heat pooled in his gut...
“Okay. Charlie, I’ve got a bedroll for you over here.” Bobby said, leading the tired woman toward the lounge room.
Dean felt that warmth blossom in his chest again at the words, and he sighed softly. Castiel hummed on the other end, but aside from that he was quiet for a few moments. Dean took the time to fill his cup with coffee, holding the phone against his shoulder with his cheek so he could use his good hand. He popped the lid onto the spill proof travel mug before he took a careful sip. He sighed contentedly. Perfect temperature.
Charlie eventually called off the search, obviously noticing his erratic breathing and the tears streaming from his eyes. She pushed him down into his seat, told him to stay, and left. Five minutes later she was back with a coffee. She sat beside him silently and let him lean on her, his head rested on her shoulder.
“Be careful with these,” Bobby grunted, holding a gun each out to Sam and Dean. “They ain’t for backyard shootin. You keep ‘em clean, you keep ‘em loaded, and you don’t hesitate.”
They stared at each other, both breathing hard from exertion and.. something else, Dean realised, shifting his thighs uncomfortably. A moment later he heard Castiel’s sharp intake of breath, and his eyes widened slightly. Feeling incredibly bold, he shifted again - and this time he felt the hardness pressed against his thigh, his thoughts confirmed as a quiet groan came from Castiel’s gritted teeth.
“Oh, I don’t think you need to explain, boy.” John’s voice was dangerously quiet, an angry glint in his eye. “I think I know exactly what’s going on here. I give you an order and instead of following it, you’re too busy fucking around with this fairy slut. Is that it, Dean? You’d rather give in to your slutty ways instead of follow my orders? Rather have a dick up your ass than do your job?”
“Don’t.” Castiel growled and stilled his movements, glaring up at Dean. The man met his gaze, puzzled. “You are the noisiest asshole I’ve ever met, so don’t you dare muffle yourself or I will make you scream. I have suffered from your lack of silence so by god I will enjoy forcing those sounds from you now.”
“Dean. You have been working non stop for over a week, between there and here. Let me help you now.”
“Not nearly enough compensation for what you’ve put him through.” Bobby growled from beside him. “Shut your mouth before I put you in cuffs just for the fun of it.”
Finally, Charlie announced that she was done, and Castiel would have the money in his account within twenty four hours. She also explained that she had booked Michael’s flight home and locked him out of all his accounts for a week, just to make sure he couldn’t get the money back. Michael looked livid - but he didn’t speak a single word, not even when Bobby and Jo escorted him to his ride.
Turning his attention back to the two men, he watched as they just stared at each other silently. He noticed Dean sway on his feet as his face cracked slightly, a sheen of tears showing in his eyes. The officer spread his arms in an open gesture - and with surprise he watched as Dean collapsed into the Officer’s arms, breaking down.
“Nothin’s ever that easy. Not for me.” Dean choked out a half-laugh, half-sob. “Cas, I’m scared. This... it’s happened so fast and- and what if we lose it as fast?”
“Come for me Dean.. Come on me..” Castiel whimpered, trying to meet Dean’s erratic thrusts even as he tried to hold back.
Nobody really knew what to say to that. Sam squeezed his shoulder supportively; Gabriel caught his eye in the mirror and nodded to him. The next few minutes were quiet, until Charlie told him to pull over. Moments later Bobby’s cruiser pulled up behind him, and the engines of both vehicles were cut. They started to pile out of the cars, grabbing gear from each trunk quickly for the six of them. Kevin had stayed home, getting emergency medical supplies and food ready for their return.
He couldn’t stay here, in this room, he realised. This part of his life was over, this training, Castiel, all of it. He got up and headed straight for the car, his feet carrying him automatically through the building. This time he did hear Charlie call after him, but he deliberately ignored her. But as he sat in the seat with the engine rumbling, he realised he couldn’t go home, either. If he went home, Sam would see the state he was in and want to talk. And he just couldn’t, not right now.
Castiel followed the instruction, pleasantly surprised at the stability the pose offered. Dean adjusted him slightly until he was happy with the position - yet even when he was ready, Cas didn’t let go of the hunter’s hands.
As it turned out, he didn’t need to say anything. As he approached, he must have kicked a rock or something, sending it skittering noisily along the path. Castiel started and lifted his head quickly, then looked straight at Dean.
Charlie was wearing a similar outfit, though it was dark blue to match his tie, and her vest had to be tailored to fit her bulging abdomen. It was now that Cas smiled and put his hand on her belly, feeling for the life inside. Charlie gave him a soft look, holding still as the babe inside reacted to his touch and kicked.
I really appreciate you guys following along, the kudos and the comments. I love that I’m making something that evokes feelings in others. Fluffy heart and all.
Dean thought about it. Usually, coming from anyone else, he would say no, but this wasn’t a request. It was an order. He felt that he could, knowing it was something he had to do to be a good boy. And he knew if he could do it, Castiel would tell him he was good. He wanted that. Needed it.
But what if someone had come back to the room and found it? What if Castiel had found it – and worse, read it? That notebook had his errant thoughts in it, everything that ran through his head during the day. Anyone who found it would think he was insane. And if Castiel had found it, then that would be the end of his wanting anything to do with Dean, for certain.
The four remaining paint splatters were red, which left only Castiel. One on his chest, one his stomach, and two on the back of his shoulders. Yet he hadn’t had a confrontation with him yet - he’d barely even caught a glimpse of the angel, ducking behind various objects, gone as soon as he’d caught up. That sneaky bastard had caught him unawares every time, and Dean found himself focusing directly on hunting the angel down.
“Dean Winchester.” He took a breath, then plunged on. “When I met you... I wasn’t ready for you. But you were stubborn, and noisy, and arrogant, and I couldn’t ignore you.” Dean laughed softly, along with Charlie and Sam, the only ones who knew the full story. “At first I thought you were sent to torture me. But I soon realised, you were sent to change me. You saved my life, Dean, in so many ways. So committing to you, promising that I will be with you through anything that comes our way... I’ve never been more confident of anything in my life. I love you, Dean, and I give myself to you, my heart and soul, with no reservation. Taking you as my husband is the proudest moment of my life.”
Dean woke slowly in the morning, a soft smile coming across his face as he felt Castiel’s arm draped over his bare torso. One of the man’s legs had worked its way over his hip, causing Castiel to lay half on top of him, effectively pinning him to the mattress – which created a whole other problem, because damn, he needed to pee.
Thankyou to every single person who has followed along and left encouraging comments - especially though to Mishamigos, for being there from the beginning, and Jenna, for your comment that gave me that boost I needed to finish it.
Something inside Castiel faltered at the sight of the man, shirtless with only a pair of shorts on, even in the freezing temperatures. His eyes dropped, following beads of sweat that ran down Dean’s chest. He was covered in saw dust and sweat, absolutely filthy, and Castiel didn’t give a damn. His eyes flicked back up to Dean’s, darkening with want in place of anger.
“It is, Cas. I guess It’s just… surreal, you know? How far we’ve come.” Dean closed his eyes, smiling as he let Cas lead, his arms wrapped around his middle. “I didn’t think this was something I could have.”
“Actually, we already have. And by the way?” Charlie had come to the table too, and she placed her laptop down in front of Michael. “If you don’t sign? I’ll release all of this.”
“I know.” Dean mumbled, trying to hold back tears. “Let’s just... We’ll do it your way. And no talking about, you know... possibilities. We’re going to find him, we’re going to get him out, and he’s gonna be fine.”
Damn. That right there was the guilt trip, the one Sam used so well, because he knew Dean couldn’t refuse it. Next he’d be pulling out the puppy eyes, and-nope, with a quick glance, Dean realised it was too late. Puppy eyes in full force.
Dean’s voice was pleading now. They had to believe him, surely. He could feel himself getting tired again, but no way in hell was he going under this time until they knew the truth.
“That’s better.” Cas commented, then proceeded to curl his legs up, turn into him and drop his head on Dean’s shoulder, staring at the tv.
Dean indicated the notepad, then turned and headed off for the bedrooms. Castiel flushed slightly as he realised the man was headed for his most personal space, glad that he had cleaned in there. Hopefully Dean would respect his privacy and not look through his belongings, but some part of him knew he could trust the man.
After cleaning up, Dean joined him and they shifted under the covers to lay together, panting softly as they caught their breath. Castiel lifted his good arm, and Dean moved easily into his embrace, pressing his back to Castiel’s chest.
“It... could have been him, I suppose. I don’t have the answer, Sam, I apologise.” Cas answered this time, linking his own hands together as he worried.
“Oh.” Castiel said, disappointment clear on his features. “I suppose I need more instruction on correct handling of the cue.”
“Hey!” A new voice cut over the top before either of the two men could speak any more. Two sets of furious eyes turned to focus on an angry, short man. “If you two have an issue, take it inside. You’re making the whole building uncomfortable!”
“Well. Perhaps we should take a piece of tree from his book and enjoy ourselves until then.” Cas finally answered.
“How about standard rules, last man standing wins or at... let’s say sundown, the one with the least welts wins.” Sam started.
Dean immediately stopped and did as he was asked. He listened as Castiel breathed slow and steady, and copied the action. Slowly, his breathing started to come back down, though the tightness in his chest remained. He hadn’t realised he was getting worked up, but Castiel had seen it – and that was exactly what he was afraid of losing, among so many more things to do with this.
Castiel agreed and soon ended the call. He sighed and rubbed a hand over his face, his head tipping back slightly. Yesterday had been emotionally exhausting, and he had the feeling today would be the same. It wasn’t that he minded, just that he had to prepare himself for a long day.
Dean came back up with a soft pop, and he barely registered a chuckle before his cock was engulfed again, almost to the base. His head dropped back as pleasure tingled up his spine, a loud moan leaving his lips. He felt, more than heard, Dean’s moan in response, and he brought his head up again to find Dean with his mouth wrapped around his cock, one hand around his own.
Even after the hospital had released him, he’d chosen to keep seeing Missouri. As much as he had put up a fight before, he’d realised that talking about this stuff really was helpful. And Missouri just had a way of making him feel comfortable, making him feel as though he was talking to a friend, not a shrink.
Dean blinked, feeling the weight of hands on his shoulders. He stared into blue eyes as his eyes came back into focus. He realised that he’d been staring at nothing, zoned out while his thoughts started to spiral, and he’d sat there for long enough for Castiel to notice. The man was sitting on Dean’s desk, holding both of his shoulders, and staring at him with concern. But as Dean focused on him, his face changed to a soft smile, and he dropped his hands from Dean’s shoulders.
Castiel stared at him for several beats, wondering what to say. While he did want to clear the air of their relationship status, he also didn’t want to reveal his insecurities to Dean.
“Okay, ew. You two can make lusty eyes at each other when I’m far, far away.” Gabriel grimaced before Cas had a chance to reply. “I refuse to be subjected to another audio rendition of my baby brother’s love life.”
“That’s the idea, Dean.” He hummed before engulfing Dean’s cock in his mouth again, doubling his efforts.
“Wow. And he talks to you about things?” Sam raised his eyebrows in surprise, accepting the offered coffee with a grateful nod.
“You did not know that there could be a non-sexual aspect of BDSM?” Castiel asked, tilting his head to the side in an adorably cute confused expression.
Sam dropped the drinks he had been holding with a loud noise, which woke Charlie up. She jumped and glared at Sam but at his shocked looked, she turned - she stared at Dean for a few moments in quiet shock, then suddenly chaos erupted.
He found himself watching the man often, just his mannerisms, the way he moved and spoke, his expressions. He couldn’t figure out what it was about the guy that made him unable to control how fast he was developing a bond with him, how quickly he was trusting him. And he could understand why Sam was worried, because he was freaking terrified. And yet it still couldn't stop him.
Castiel’s eyes shot up to Dean’s. He should have known, by the way that Dean centred him in the elevator, the man had experience with panic attacks and hence knew what to do. But he wondered where Dean had gained the experience... Perhaps his brother?
He didn’t have long to muse on that thought, however - Castiel’s fingers lightly ghosting along his inner thigh ripped his mind straight back to to the here and now.
Eventually, though, Castiel needed to leave. It was midday by the time he left to pick Claire up, and he promised that he would have Sam and Jess over for a barbeque the next weekend. Dean was surprised at the offer, but not nearly as much as he was by Sam’s acceptance. Maybe Sam was starting to accept Castiel again.
”Why are you doing this?” His heart rate was picking up, his breath coming faster. “You can stop this. Just leave me. I won’t tell anyone.”
His words slurred slightly as he muttered to himself, and he swayed where he sat. Not for the first time, he wondered how long the drop over the edge was, and whether it would be better to just step off the edge, set everyone free so nobody had to worry about him anymore. He took another swig of beer, actually considering it for a moment – then he shook his head.
“Don’t.” Castiel spoke, his voice strained in a way Dean hadn’t heard it before. “Please, just give me a moment. Don’t leave.”
Castiel held his hands up in surrender, but the amused grin lingered for a few more moments. Dean grinned back and he felt the tension since the moment previously starting to dissipate. It wasn’t much, but it gave him hope that he could salvage this.
His room was clean – almost too clean. There were no clothes or mess around, but also no personal touches – he had a single photo frame on his nightstand, of himself as a child with his mother. There was nothing else to show that he, Dean Winchester, lived here. Thirty something years of life and nothing much to show for it that wasn’t hidden deep under layers of pain and self-loathing.
He hadn’t had a fully functioning libido in a long time and he knew it was the way his depression was affecting him. He also knew that the depression wasn’t gone, a long way from it. But something about Castiel was starting to make him realise how long it had been. And yeah, maybe it was an excuse for him to blame his feelings on the fact that he hadn’t been laid in years.
Dean froze mid-way through the brownie to stare at the woman. This woman was a shrink – which meant the hospital had called her in, and probably wouldn’t let him leave unless she said so. He swallowed his bite of brownie carefully, and cleared his throat.
“More awake.” Dean answered, keeping his voice down. He wasn’t sure if Sam was still in the apartment or not. “I, uh… Never really took that much notice of washing my face before.”
“I don’t think you’re gonna last long enough for that, princess.” Dean grinned against the skin of his throat, licking and suckling along his collarbone in a way that had Castiel grinding harder against him.
“I’d love to, Cas.” He finally answered, watching as Castiel’s face broke into a smile. He still had one more thing he needed to say, though. “I love you, Cas.”
By the time he heard a soft knock on the door, he had just pulled bacon, egg and cheese breakfast muffins out of the oven. He left them on the counter to cool while he went to the door and welcomed Sam, leading him into the apartment.
“What the fuck?” Dean yelled back, his green eyes flashing. “Who the hell do you think you are?! I’m just trying to get a damn job done here!”
Castiel laughed softly in response, and Dean flushed again but he couldn't help laughing too at his own embarrassment.
“Then…” Dean felt tears prick at his eyes and bit his lip, taking a moment to fight them back before he continued. “Why have you been avoiding me? You barely even look at me now and I know I'm broken but-” He choked off a sob, trying not to break down again.
Bobby nodded, then turned and walked himself back out of the apartment. Castiel stood and moved over to the couch then, with a moment of hesitation, he reached out and pulled Dean into his arms, comforting the larger man. Dean came easily, arms wrapping around him and holding on in a way that was out of character.
“Cas, no.” Dean started first, coming close to him. “I don’t want you any closer to this guy than you have to be. You’re still healing, besides.”
“Breathe, Dean.” Castiel spoke, his voice low and calm again. “Just breathe. You’re here, with me. You’re safe.”
Half way through the rant, John reached out and grabbed the front of Dean’s shirt, curling the material tight in his fist as he pulled his son right to him. By the end of the rant, he was yelling at Dean, his free hand clenched into a fist by his side. Castiel watched in horror as Dean’s shoulders dropped, all the fight going out of him in a way he’d never expected. Why would Dean give up now? But John wasn’t finished, despite the horrible things he’d already said.
“I’m just gonna go sit down. You mind bringing that over?” Dean pointed to the booth, trying to avoid Jo’s eye.
“Shit, Cas.. so tight...” Dean moaned, pressing up into him on each downward stroke. “Not gonna.. ah... last long like this...”
Castiel instantly didn’t like the way that he moved between himself and his father, subtly shielding Castiel with his hands up in a submissive gesture. He’d had enough experience with that move, and he was almost certain that Dean expected things to get physical.
“Man, you gotta stop jumping to conclusions. I’m trying to tell you I don’t want anything. I’ll do it just to, you know, help out.” Dean rubbed the back of his neck in frustration, and Castiel deflated, feeling ashamed. “Though I wouldn’t turn down those burgers once in awhile.”
Despite his intentions, Dean’s hips bucked forward, a silent plea for more as he bit down on his lip hard enough to leave a mark, muffling the heavy breathing and the whimper in his throat. Cas’ head shifted, slowly so as not to draw suspicion, until his lips were by Dean’s ear.
Dean spent the next day trying to figure out a way to approach Castiel, but every time he tried, the man would claim he had a meeting or appointment. Dean never argued, because he just couldn’t find it within himself to do so. And so the day slipped by without a chance to talk, and Dean spent the night barely sleeping again, tossing and turning as guilt and blame ran through his head.
“Bobby, we’ve got a situation. We need you to come to Castiel’s house.” Sam spoke into his phone, pacing the lounge room. “Yeah. He’s.. um... missing.”
Pain and frustration suddenly gave way to a burning rage, similar to the temper that flared up the first time he’d met that presumptuous, gorgeous, infuriating bastard. Only this was more intense, fueled by sleepless nights, lack of food and long shifts. The normally very placid man slammed the tap off and stormed out of his apartment with not a care that he was still in his sleep pants and robe, his face a mask of untamed anger.
He took a breath and continued staring down at his hands, feeling the tears spill over. Now that he’d started to talk, he couldn’t seem to stop.
Dean tried to pull himself together as he turned back to his screen. Regardless of what happened next, this one thing he could at least accept with dignity, he thought. He mechanically closed down all of the programs on his computer, logged off, and waited until the screen went black before he gathered his things and stood.
He frowned slightly, going back over the questions. He had to have missed something, not understood properly, or something. There’s no way he could be one of the first finished and have done it right. So he pored over the few questions on the quiz, trying to find what he’d left out. As the time wore on, his worry increased. He couldn’t find it. He was going to turn this in to find he was completely wrong, and the professor would see how stupid he was, and probably kick him out.
There was a small kitchen, a table, and a couch. Someone had been in here recently, judging by the track marks through the thick layer of dust. He scanned the kitchen and table - signs of use in the kitchen, but only one seat was clean at the table. That was a good sign.
They cried out together as Dean sunk down hard on Castiel’s cock. Dean curled over Castiel, panting for breath against the burn and sting as his nails dug hard into skin. Castiel panted as he desperately tried not to move, for fear of hurting the man more than he obviously already had.
I know there is a lot of difference in opinion of how to describe certain mental health issues. As a sufferer myself I have drawn from personal experience and tried to put that into words as best I can. If you disagree with my description feel free to say so, but please do not insult or lessen my experience. Thankyou.
“No worries! Well we’ll leave you alone now, have fun!” She giggled and bounced back over to Bobby, slipping her hand into his and kissing his cheek. Judging by the look on Bobby’s face, he wasn’t totally on board with that level of acting.
“Yes, yes of course I want to!” Cas laughed, shaking his head. “I can’t believe how much you’ve all done for me. But yes, I would love that.”
“Me?!” Castiel choked on a sad laugh. “Dean, you just got beaten up by your own father. Compared to that, I’m perfectly fine.”
“Not in the way you imagine.” Castiel smiled slightly, and something in his eyes calmed Dean. “Sometimes, when it feels like our life is out of control, it can help to have somebody to introduce that control, make it so that you don’t have to make all the decisions. I would not be ordering you to do menial tasks like a servant. What I would be doing is asking you to do certain things for your own health. If you do not feel comfortable you can say no at any time and I would not push you.”
“Right.” Dean shook his head as he watched Jo wander back to the pizza. In another time, maybe he would have tried his luck with her, but now... no way. It was an odd thought for someone who never settled down.
Castiel had been encouraging and asked further questions about his plans for the day, then provided some suggestions. Dean had appreciated the suggestions from books to photos and where he could get some nice homewares. When they finally made it back to the Café, they were both laughing as Dean was explaining why he was absolutely not going to paint his room.
The paint rollers were the only sound for a few moments as Castiel waited for Dean to apparently decide which part to address first.
Several hours later, Dean’s head was buzzing pleasantly. He was still at the café – in light of the news, Gabriel had closed his shop early to the public, pinning a sign to the door that stated ‘Closed – Family celebration’. Surprisingly, the customers had been completely fine with it.
“Dean, there is no shame in having a panic attack. There’s no shame in anxiety or depression, or any other struggle you may be having. A lot of people struggle with these things. It’s okay to struggle, to need help.”
Excitement was coursing through his body, certainly made obvious as his cock sprang free from it’s restraints, hanging proud and heavy. The restraint he had always practiced seemed to have died with his desperation, along with the protests he had been forming in his mind.
Suddenly Castiel’s weight was gone from him, and he felt an aching loss that he dare not confront. He stared up at the canopy again, afraid to look down and see Castiel finally rejecting him, as he had expected all along.
Castiel was about to stand up, when Dean shot out of the chair with a spooked look on his face. Before he could stop him, the man had bolted to the door with Castiel hot on his heels. He reached out to Dean, trying to warn him to be careful, but the man had already thrown the door open.
Time passed, far more quickly than either Castiel or Dean wanted it to. It hit Castiel like a ton of bricks one Friday afternoon, when he was sitting on the floor with the man eating burgers. Dean was making his usual pornographic eating noises, and he tried not to laugh. He glanced around at the apartment - he hadn’t noticed before, but it nearly looked finished.
His cheeks were still flushed from Dean’s previous words, but with this topic a heat entered the man’s eyes. There was something intense in the way they stared at each other longer than was considered polite. Neither of them spoke, and Castiel felt the beginnings of arousal, but more than that there was an intimacy between them that hadn’t been there before.
Cas stared at his best friend, slightly surprised by the vehemence in her voice as she fixed the dark blue tie, tucking it under the vest he wore. He’d chosen traditional black suit, and white shirt, though he had decided against a suit jacket. Instead he wore a buttoned vest, and admittedly he liked the look.
Dean nodded slightly, and the conversation continued. Castiel explained that many things he asked of Dean may be difficult, as he was having to re-learn how to view himself. He would also have to try not to argue when complimented, and eventually to believe the compliments. Eventually they both sat back, and Dean was surprised to feel exhausted. He told Castiel as much.
“Well, considering I don’t know what you’re referring to, I may or may not,” Gabriel scowled at Sam. “All I know is that Castiel’s taken off - I got sent to find him, an order which I wasn’t going to argue since I haven’t seen little bro in forever.”
“...you’re welcome.” Charlie replied quietly. “Okay, Kevin, I’m gonna need you to get your computer out too. We want this done as quickly as possible.”
“Yeah, I guess. I mean he’s not far away, but somehow we never have time. He’s got the lawyer thing going on, and I- well, dad keeps me busy.”
“Is that what you teach your kid? That it’s okay to abuse someone if he likes them? Cause honey, that’s the stepping stones for abusive relationships. Yeah it’s natural to start with but you’re supposed to teach him that hurting people to get their attention isn’t okay. You’re not meant to make excuses and tell kids to allow abuse just because someone likes them. What’re you gonna do if he’s the one getting pushed around when he grows up? Gonna tell him it’s just because the person likes him and to deal with it?”
“Shit. Cas, wake up!” Dean tried to turn to face the man, who grumbled again. “Come on, Cas, you gotta get up! It’s morning!”
He spread himself above Dean, loving the way the man writhed against him, how his legs lifted easily to rest over his shoulders. He loved when he got Dean to the point of falling apart like this. He spread more lube on his hand, then took himself in hand, stroking a few times to spread the slick. Dean was whimpering beneath him, the sound sending hot fire through his groin.
Dean had removed Castiel’s shirt, and had been reaching to remove the singlet beneath, which meant his hands were held still on Castiel’s waist. Cas stayed silent, waiting until Dean lifted his eyes to meet his. His eyes were unguarded, and Castiel’s breath hitched as he saw the deep worry and despair in them.
He drove to the store. He kept his head down as he bought a case of beer, barely speaking or making eye contact. A couple of people asked if he was okay, but he just nodded without saying anything and left. He loaded the alcohol back into the car and shot off a text to Sam, telling him he wouldn’t be home, before he turned his phone off and dropped it on the seat beside him.
He listened, trying to focus on something he can hear. There’s birds chirping excitedly - it’s morning, then. The cars rumble as they pass by outside, so that means he’s indoors. The ceiling fan overhead - he’s in his bedroom, then. Someone breathing, slow and steady in his ear. Dean. His breathing started to calm as he slowly opened his eyes.
He barely registered the dark huff of laughter before Castiel crooked his fingers, and Dean cried out as sparks flew through his body. He dimly heard Castiel curse before the man was rubbing against his prostate again, and Dean was moaning and writhing with desperation. His hands released from Castiel’s hair, grabbing at his pants, the floor, anything where he could find purchase.
“Breathe, Cas.” Dean repeated, squeezing his hand again before dropping their joined hands below the table, out of sight.
Dean glanced up with a slight frown at the noise. Castiel looked thoughtful, and he too was watching the beads as he ran them through his fingers. Dean stayed quiet, waiting, as the professor seemed to be collecting his thoughts as he thumbed each individual bead, moving on to the next.
“Whoa, whoa! Hold up!” Dean raised his voice, hands held up in defence. “That’s not what I was saying!”
He glanced up to find they were standing at his apartment door and smiled crookedly at Dean. The man appeared nervous, however, rubbing the back of his neck as he glanced at Castiel. His brows furrowed as he stared at Dean, waiting for what he was sure to be bad news.
Dean barely waited for her to answer before he ended the call and dropped the phone on the couch beside him. He dropped his head back on the cushions and sighed to himself. Everyone wanted him to see a shrink, and for what? A shrink would just write him off and lock him up.
His mind conjured the sound of Castiel groaning in his ear, and suddenly he was coming violently and quickly with a hoarse cry, his knees buckling as his cock pulsed and sent a stream of white to join with the running water and circle down the drain.
“Isn’t that like… Uh, you know.” Dean glanced at Castiel, waiting for him to pick up on what Dean wasn’t saying. But of course, he didn’t, so Dean had to elaborate, flushing faintly. “That… BDSM stuff.”
“‘Course. Was close, though, when I heard what your daddy done.” Benny frowned, “You right now though?”
“I believe we may have...” Castiel answered hesitantly, flicking blue eyes to Dean. “Dean, is Michael-“
Cas grinned and lifted himself up slightly, just enough to plant a gentle kiss on Dean’s lips. He pulled back and met his eyes, smile turning soft as he stared at the love of his life.
“What do you mean?” Castiel frowned slightly, then understood. “Oh, you mean the business. Well, I know most people would have jumped at the chance to run the family business, but let’s just say it’s not exactly... lawful. And I don’t want to get involved with that.”
Shock registered in Cas’ eyes first, before a look so tender and painful, Dean had to choke back tears. Cas raised a hand to rest on his cheek, gently brushing away the wetness.
He trailed off, running two hands over his face as he leant back against the table. He had no idea what to say. Yeah, he knew he’d been acting like an asshole. He hadn’t spoken two words to Castiel since they’d gotten back from the bar that night. He’d almost always made sure never to stay in the same room with him.
Sorry it took awhile for this update. It’s been a hell of a week, and this was harder to write. I won’t go into what happened, but just want to say thank you for being patient with me. I appreciate every one of you reading this <3
Castiel wrinkled his nose as he shifted, feeling the pain of the scratches on his side again. Somehow, despite how much Dean did not like this man whatsoever, he couldn’t help thinking how endearing the look was on his face - nor, with a jolt, how much he didn’t want him to leave again. That thought was sobering, and turned his lips down in a slight frown.
Castiel pulled away, bringing himself back up to hands and knees to hover over Dean. Green eyes snapped open to follow his movements, filled with desire but also questioning. Cas grinned impishly, dipping his head to kiss a line along the vee of his hips.
Castiel slowly bobbed his head on Dean’s cock, alternating between sucking and laving his tongue around the appendage, simply enjoying the moans and cries he was pulling from the man. All too soon, Dean was pulling hard on his hair, and Castiel focused enough to pull back, listening to the man’s whimpers.
“No. I will send you some things to research. After that, you don’t need to answer right away. I would rather you take the weekend to think it over and come back to me on Monday. It’s a big thing to process.” Castiel told him lightly. “If you choose to accept, would it be okay if I was to give you something?”
He knew it was unfair. He really did. But damnit, this idiot had made assumptions about him first, so he felt justified doing the same. Besides, he’d seen the price the apartment had just sold for, along with the expensive materials the man kept carting into the place, so he was certain he was pretty close to the mark.
Castiel pulled back far enough for Dean’s cock to pop out of his mouth, letting the tip rest on his lips as his hand kept working it. He stared up at Dean with that wicked grin, a thrill shooting straight to his own twitching cock at the way the man watched him with lust and desire.
“Dean.” Sam sat down on his other side, and put a supportive hand on his shoulder. It didn’t help. “I know it’s hard but.. we’re here, we’ll help you, and we’ll find him. But we’ve got to know the facts.”
Dean answered, realising that Castiel was right. Sam wouldn’t have teased him about it if he still hated Castiel completely. It wasn’t much, but it was something, and it gave him hope for the future. He smiled at Castiel, leaning back on his hands as he watched the man sip at his coffee. He had a feeling things were going to work out just fine.
Dean’s breath hitched as he felt a slick fingertip circling his hole, pressing gently around the rim. He was so worked up already, his cock dripping precum, and his hips rolled as he tried to push down onto Cas.
“Yeah. Yeah, we’re at Cas’ place. What? Wait, no, you don’t need to-“ Dean pulled the phone away from his ear as the woman yelled a stream of curses down the line. “Okay! Okay, shit, calm down! No, I know nobody has ever calmed down by- Okay fine, we’ll be here. Yes. Bye.”
“Oh. Uh, hope you don’t mind.” Dean flushed, embarrassed that he had presumed to use a nickname. “Just slipped, I guess, but I’ll try not to do it again.”
Finally the day ended, and for once Castiel did not claim a meeting – instead he sat at his desk grading the final papers that had been handed in, and Dean saw his opportunity. He approached the desk nervously, twisting his beads around his fingers. This was his last chance.
That comment shut them both up, though Castiel couldn’t help a soft laugh at the flush that spread across Dean’s cheeks. Dean coughed to cover his spluttering, grabbing his duffel.
He quickly typed a few notes into the client’s file, keeping them short and factual as he had learnt, then he closed off the interaction and slid the headset off to drop onto the desk beside him. He huffed out a breath and dropped his head into his hands, resting his elbows on the desk as he took a few moments to just breathe.
“I researched.” Cas answered simply, drawing a throaty moan from Dean as his hands moved up to tweak the man’s nipples.
And with that they dissolved into heated kisses, hands fumbling to strip clothes as fast as they could. Dean pulled Cas against him hard, bringing them crashing into his door. Cas laughed into his mouth as his hand fumbled for the door knob, growling when it wouldn’t give-
Eventually Sam finished bandaging his hand and finger up. He’d splinted the finger so that Dean couldn’t move it, and wrapped the hand tight enough that Dean would have to try pretty hard to do anything with it. It seemed pretty stable, and Dean mumbled his thanks. Sam just sighed.
Finally Castiel felt the edge of the bed against the back of his knees but before he could react, Dean was throwing him back on the bed with practiced ease. As he watched Dean climb up to straddle him, whimpering with excitement. He could tell this was heading toward  angry, rage fuelled sex and it was going to be hard and fast.
Dean was silent for a beat, anger raising fast. He stayed silent though, fully aware that a party of children were watching, and their parents were ready to judge his actions. After a few moments of steady breathing, he turned back to Claire.
The third time he woke to hushed voices, someone talking around him. The voices were familiar… one of them was quiet, steady, a voice that he usually found comfort in. The other voice was more familiar, but sounded angry. He woke enough to hear a brief snippet of the conversation, even if he didn't really understand it.
“He comes over in the afternoons to tell me that I’ve done good.” He looked away, trying not to show how much those words were meaning to him, even if he didn’t believe them. “He wears these beads, and when I was having a bad day he let me borrow them and I started counting them, like I see him do. And it helped. And, we just have a bit of a talk in the afternoons, when everyone is gone. It’s just… nice, I guess.”
“Hm. That’s good, very good. Thank you for being honest with me.” Castiel answered and gently rubbed his hand up and down Dean's arm. “Tonight I do not want you to study. I know that you spend too long studying already.”
Dean lifted his legs higher, wrapping them around Castiel’s waist on instinct. Their eyes met, lust and passion crashing together, yet Castiel’s still held a silent question. Dean bit down on his lip, noting the way Castiel’s eyes were drawn down, then back to his eyes - then he nodded slightly, hands coming up to grab at Castiel’s sides. Castiel barely moved, tiny little pushes that stretched Dean’s hole, not quite popping inside.
Dean demonstrated what he meant, lifting each foot one after the other, balancing from side to side. Castiel tried it, and after a few minutes of shaky attempts, Dean was confident that he had the basic idea of it. He barely noticed Sam and Jack copying their activities, a little off to the side. None of them had ventured into the actual rink yet.
Then, unbelievably soon, Dean started to pull off him, waiting until Castiel had almost slipped out before ramming down in an instantly punishing pace. Loud grunts and groans fell from his lips on every thrust, laced with pain, and Castiel couldn’t help staring at the man in awe and shock as he fucked himself on his shaft.
“Dean injured himself. I was assisting him to rest until he can continue.” Castiel answered Sam instead, not skipping a beat.
Castiel soothed, ripping the condom packet open with his teeth. He struggled to get the condom over his cock with one hand, but he couldn’t stop fingering the man, relishing in the desperate cries and gasps. Eventually he managed, and he pulled his fingers free, wiping them on a rag that was conveniently beside them on the floor. Dean whimpered and grabbed out at him, eyes begging for a return of the pleasure - then a sigh left his lips as Castiel lined up above him, the head of his cock pressing against his entrance.
“No!” Dean suddenly burst into laughter, shaking his head. “God no, I couldn’t afford something like that!”
Castiel had come to see him. He was here, standing at the door of his hospital room, holding… something, a sort of small, flat box in his hands.
It took awhile, but eventually Castiel’s sobbing subsided. Dean pulled back, moving his hand to Castiel’s chin so that he could tilt his head up to meet eyes.
He fell forward against Dean’s chest as they lay panting, covered in Castiel’s come, shuddering slightly in the aftershocks of their orgasms. Neither of them moved as they came down from their high.
“Yeah, your daddy lied to you, boy. I’d never have left you if I could help it. That’s why I became this, so I could protect other people and hopefully find you again. I thought I had no chance after you moved, and John kept everything quiet. But then your name came up in a report from an assault a few weeks ago - when the same address came up I made sure I was here.”
Dean was smiling at the man, his words meant for more than just the food. Castiel picked up on the meaning and ducked his head, flushing with slight embarassment. He felt a little out of his depth - how did this man manage to induce such reactions in him? But as he looked up again into those mesmerising eyes, he knew he didn’t want whatever this was to stop.
“You can’t do this.” Michael stated, looking fit to burst with rage. “I am the head of this family, you cannot do this!”
Something niggled at Dean’s mind, though, and he frowned as he tried to focus on it, figure out what it was…
“Nothing. Don’t worry about it.” Sam answered quickly, shaking his head. “Oh, I talked to Jody. She said she’ll try to pop in to see you, but don’t worry about work.”
Castiel gave him a look, that same one that meant he knew Dean was about to lie and was asking him not to. Finally, Dean shook his head, though he felt bad for doing it. He rarely ate anything before lunch, but he had been willing to today. He knew the professor ate in the mornings and felt bad that he was about to stop him from eating, just to talk about Dean’s feelings and his breakdown the day before. But Castiel just smiled and got up from the table, making his way over to the counter.
“And then no kidding, he jumped off the roof in those underpants and that cape, screaming ‘I’m Batman!’”
Dean wondered as he felt Cas’ free hand move up, over his body, further up his chest - it paused as Cas made sure the others were intent on the movie - then simultaneously, the hand clamped down over his mouth, and he felt a sharp pleasure-pain against his neck. Cas bit down, hard, and sucked at the spot to form a bruise within moments.
“Well come on, then.” Dean drawled sarcastically, leaning back against his car. “Please, explain it to me. Because, I know damn well I wasn’t the only one crossing lines back then. You cut me off, made me feel like it was all my fault, and I accepted that. But then I worked through it, and I realised it wasn’t me at all. You accepted me when I was broken, you helped me, you promised you’d be there. Then you weren’t. So please, tell me how it wasn’t your choice.”
The barista at the café called out pretty much the second Dean walked through the door. Dean couldn’t help the grin that spread across his face at the sight of the blonde girl, and he didn’t stop himself from walking over and catching her in a hug that made her laugh.
No way. Sam had already lost their parents, and no matter how much of a piece of broken shit Dean was, if he went too then Sam would be completely alone. He couldn’t do that to him.
Tonight, however, nothing was calming him down, not even the lack of noise. All week he’d been working twelve hour shifts, and the gas station was getting particularly busy this close to christmas. He was more exhausted than he could ever really remember being, except for those few weeks he’d been homeless and too scared to sleep. Still, he was staying awake now, waiting for his clothes to finish washing so he could throw them in the dryer. He’d had no time for shopping or proper housekeeping, and the situation was getting dire. Dinner was a bowl of two minute noodles, practically no nutrition value, but it was all he had left. He really needed to do groceries as soon as possible.
Castiel stared down at him, locking their eyes as he slowly pressed down, impaling himself on Dean’s cock slowly in short thrusts until finally he bottomed out. He groaned as Dean filled him, the slight burn adding to his pleasure. He could feel the how tense Dean was, obviously struggling to hold back until Castiel could adjust to the intrusion.
Bobby shook his head, noting the information down, while Sam looked on in shock. Dean glanced at his brother, reading it all in his eyes - the surprise, the guilt, everything.
“No, Dean. Stealing them would imply I did not intend to return them.” Castiel sniffed, offended. “I am simply borrowing them for a time.”
“Good. That’s very good, Dean.” Castiel answered, and Dean let out a soft sigh, glad he had answered correctly. “Tell me; do you know what happened, before? Can you talk about it?”
It ended up with him being almost excited as he sat with Cas on a bench seat, helping him to fit the roller skates snugly to his feet. Not that he was going to show that, naturally.
Cas’ lips crashed back down onto his as they moved into a constant rhythm, a deep, hard fucking like dean had never known, and he couldn’t help wondering why he had waited so long when it felt this damn good. Every thrust sent fire through his body, arcing his back, bringing him right to that edge and holding him there, reducing him to a wailing mess.
Then, of course, he’d clicked away from the platonic version. He’d followed some google searches to end up on the other side of it, and started researching that. A lot of it was way outside his comfort zone, and he wasn’t even looking at that. But some of it piqued his interest – in particular, the words ‘praise kink’.
Michael levelled a cold glare at Gabriel, who shrunk nervously under the gaze. That seemed to please him, given the cruel smirk that crept back onto his lips, before his attention was drawn back to Castiel.
Castiel commented as his hand moved to the top of his denim shorts. Before Dean could reply, he brought his mouth down on one of his nipples, licking and suckling gently. He grinned slightly as he heard a soft whimper, then slowly continued kissing a trail down as his hands got the shorts open. He gently pushed the material down, taking Dean’s boxer shorts with it, until finally his erection sprang free.
Dean nodded against his chest, slightly numb now that all the excitement was gone. Castiel was right - he was exhausted. He let himself be led to the bedroom and when Castiel laid down and tugged Dean into his arms, spooning his body around Dean’s, he didn’t argue.
“Oh, no no no Castiel. Even if I forgave you - which I won’t - my earlier statement stands. Your kind is a plague on this earth, one which I am slowly rectifying.”
Charlie was silent on the other end of the phone for a beat. Dean took a sip of his coffee, giving her a moment to think as he knew she tended to do. He sighed softly in contentment as the coffee warmed his chest, and moved over to drop into the couch.
“Yeah, I mean, a guideline, really...” And why in hell was he allowing for interpretation? “Just that, when you’re playing, you don’t touch... usually...”
Castiel sat back in the couch, sipping the remnants of his coffee. He frowned as he recalled his previous confrontation with Dean - whether he liked the man or not, he’d had enough rest to realise that his words were callous and cruel. He didn’t usually behave like that - in fact, from the moment he met the man, he’d been behaving in a way that entirely contradicted the way he tried to conduct himself.
“Please.” Dean nodded. “And Bobby? Can you tell him that I’m sorry... Wait no, that I want to apologise to him. I want him to hear it from me. Please?”
Finally, finally Dean managed to let out a soft grunt. The voices stopped for a moment. Then someone was by his side, holding his hand, pulling something – a blanket, maybe – over him gently.
He’d had a half decent day, the incident with Castiel aside. He’d taken calls and for the most part, the people he spoke to had simple problems that were solved quickly and easily. Still, he couldn’t get Castiel out of his mind all day. He was confused, hurt and frustrated, and he couldn’t figure out whether he should keep avoiding Castiel or not – he knew he should, but a big part of him didn’t want to.
Castiel grinned against Dean’s skin before he nipped lightly, loving the soft whimper he drew from the man as Dean arched against him. He decided in that moment exactly what he wanted to do. He pushed them back against the wall hard, meeting Dean’s lips for a filthy kiss before stepping back again.
He didn’t look directly at Dean – instead, he was looking off to the side, seeming to be thinking about something.
- but then he noticed that Castiel hadn't actually moved at all. He lifted his head to see Castiel frozen in place, a shocked look on his face. He wasn’t letting go, despite his obvious surprise, Dean noticed as he stared up at the man.
“Yes, Dean, skate. You know, with roller skates, like we used to when we were kids? They’re the shoes with wheels on them, in case you’re forgetting.”
“Okay, look, just watch what I do.” Dean laughed, shifting his weight so he rolled back, leading Cas to the wall of the rink.
Castiel watched the man falter and take a step back from the anger directed toward him. He recovered quickly, however, eyes turning steely and meeting Castiel’s blue fury with determination. His chin lifted in defiance, and Castiel could see the muscles in his jaw jump as he clenched his teeth before he fired back.
Dean bit down sharply on the flesh in front of his lips as his pleasure overtook him, orgasm ripping through him painfully hard. He heard a hiss of pain but he couldn’t focus on it, his vision flashing white behind his eyes as his cock throbbed in his pants, spreading wetness through the material. His body completely slumped, Cas’ body pressing him into the wall the only thing holding him up.
Dean’s mouth moved to his neck, kissing and biting at the skin there as he added a third finger. The fingers brushed against his prostate and Castiel moaned out, his hips pressing forward to crush his cock against Dean’s, desperate for friction.
With that the man stormed away, leaving the two to stare at each other in furious silence. Without thinking about his actions, Castiel simply reacted - he pushed the man hard, forcing him to stumble backwards, then strode into the apartment and slammed the door behind him. He turned to set on the man again who was shocked, staring wide-eyed at Castiel. He didn’t miss the way the man’s eyes raked over him, cold and assessing.
By the time lunch break rolled around, Dean didn’t think he could make it through the rest of the day. As it turned out, though, Castiel caught his eye and made a silent gesture for him to stay as the rest of the class filed out. Dean made it seem as though he was gathering his things, preventing any questions until eventually the class was empty. Dean sighed in relief and relaxed back into the seat, taking a moment to gather himself.
The next two days passed a lot easier than the three before. The two men hadn’t exactly struck a friendship - in fact, every time they encountered each other in the hall, the two barely gave a mumbled greeting and avoided eye contact. Despite that, however, Castiel had noticed that the noise tended to stop around seven each night. It wasn’t a perfect situation, given his work hours, but it was liveable. Castiel felt a slight thrill at the realisation that Dean had taken his ranting seriously and was making an honest effort.
“What you’re doing- Wait, what?” Castiel put his roller down, thoroughly confused now. “So... it’s your Dad’s place, then? Why is he leaving you to do all the work?”
“Cas, Cas, please, need you now... Please, Cas....” Dean begged in a shattered voice, hips trying to push back against Cas’ fingers in desperation.
Castiel answered with a nod - Dean had explained what ‘breaking the pack’ meant - and walked towards the table, getting ready to take a shot. Dean realised very quickly how bad of an idea this was. Castiel had chosen to wear a pair of jeans that were a little too tight - exactly how tight became very obvious as Castiel bent over the table, then shifted to try to find a good way to hold the cue. Dean did nothing for a moment, staring at the outline of his ass in the denim.
Dean knew the man could see right through him – the way his eyes widened, and his lips parted in shock, told Dean all he had to know. He knew. He could see how Dean was broken, and probably thought he was an idiot. Still, he had to try and pretend things were normal, and so he opened his mouth, praying his voice wouldn’t waver.
Instead of choking, Cas took his whole length as it thrusted into his mouth his tongue pressed hard against the underside of Dean’s cock, drawing even more delicious moans from the hunter.
In one dizzying moment, they were suddenly on Dean’s bed, the door closing with a loud slam. Dean took a deep, steadying breath, still yet unaccustomed to the travel. By the time he recovered, Cas had undone his pants and was tugging them down to his thighs.
Castiel couldn’t hold back anymore. He thrust his hips up, meeting Dean’s movements to bury himself even deeper in his ass. He strained against the belt, against the bed itself, pushing up harder as he lost control. He realised the cries and whimpers were coming from his own mouth.
“No.” Castiel answered honestly, sniffling and rubbing at red eyes. “But I will be. I think. I’m sorry, Dean.”
“Thought we agreed no using special abilities.” Dean muttered angrily, sure that Castiel was using his angel mojo to get the better of him.
“Perhaps.” Castiel answered with a soft smile as he held the door open to Gabriel’s café, waiting for Dean to enter before him.
Missouri held the door open for Dean as he shuffled through it and made his way over to the comfortable couch she had in her room. He reached out for one of the throw pillows she kept there and held it tight to his chest, relaxing into the comforting feeling. He looked up at her and nodded slightly, agreeing with her opening statement.
Sam finally let Dean and Castiel go and took a step back, though the smile didn’t fade from his face as he stared between the two of them before he shot a sideways grin at the lawyer.
“Mm, pride killer. I admit, the name they came up with for me - I like it. Though they should be calling me a saviour.”
And Dean, damn him, couldn’t get them both out. He couldn’t save Benny, who was stuck with a broken leg, and the woman who was unconscious. So he’d called for help through his radio, and dragged Benny out to safety with one hand, the bundle in the other arm.
“Wait, hold up. Who’s this Michael?” Dean asked, his arms tightening protectively around Cas. “And where exactly does he want to take him?”
He noticed the neat handwriting on the first page at the same time as he realised an envelope had also fallen out of the book. He decided to read the handwritten message on the inside cover of the book first.
The keys shook again, and Castiel frowned as he reached out a hand to retrieve them. He blinked in confusion at the keys in his hand, then glanced up again to meet shockingly green eyes that caught his breath. Time stood still for a moment as he appraised the man standing before him - slightly sandy brown hair that curled over his forehead, a smattering of freckles, and perfectly pouty lips that were currently drawn down in a frown. Castiel flicked his eyes back up to catch the man’s, which were slightly narrowed with annoyance.
“Why are you doing this Uriel? What did I ever do to you?” His voice came out broken. God he was thirsty.
“Well, this.” Dean laughed, gesturing around them. When Castiel tilted his head in confusion, Dean frowned. “You know, the handy man stuff? What I’m doing next door?”
“Don’t just go crashing and banging in there, ya idjit!” Bobby growled at him, holding him tight. “Don’t look at me like that boy, we’ll go in there. But quietly, dammit!”
“We wanted to keep it a surprise.” Sam interjected, beaming at Cas. “I had a clause in the original business agreement that if Dad died or was imprisoned, all rights to the business passed completely to us. The paperwork has gone through, so it’s ours now. We got rid of the corrupt staff, and we had a few spots to fill - so Charlie is going to be the general manager. Dean says you’re pretty good with detail work, so you’ll be working with him. If, of course, you want to.”
Gabriel!” Dean growled for the third time, his eyes narrowing as he focused on the road. His hands tightened on the wheel as he muttered quietly to the impala, foot flat to the floor on the accelerator. “Sorry, baby, I know I’m pushin’, but we gotta be fast.”
Dean glanced around self-consciously - but nobody was taking notice of them. Probably because there weren’t that many other people on the rink and those who were, were focused on each other. Castiel took advantage of his distraction to press harder against him, shifting just slightly to grind their erections hard against each other through layers of clothing.
His phone buzzed on the nightstand, pulling him away from the idea of the box and thoughts that had started to weigh him down. He glanced at the screen and smiled slightly as he read the
Gabriel helped him to stand, then passed him off to Dean. The two were silent as he leaned against Dean on their way to the bedroom. He made it to the bed and sat down, then glanced around the room with a soft smile as Dean closed the door. It was nice, being back in his own room, with the forest landscape Dean had painted on the walls. He glanced back at the man, who stood against the wall with his hands in his pockets, guarded green eyes staring back at him. He sighed softly, dropping his gaze to his hands as he twisted his fingers together nervously.
“It was, uh… Normal, this morning. Got up, took my meds, went to work. Most of the day went fine, just the usual dicks on the phone whining over shit I can’t change.” Dean stopped there, taking a moment to breathe slowly.
“Dean, while I could spend an eternity listening to your pleasure, I don’t believe it would be a good idea to bring the residents running.”
Benny had given them a run down on the way – the district over had upgraded to a fourth alarm and were calling in help. They needed a search and assist – Dean’s least favourite, because it meant they had to get in, and get in fast. Usually in these cases people got hurt.
“Ya, well... It’s not perfect. I just, I remembered what you told me about the forest you used to go to as a kid. And how much you liked watching the birds, and the insects. I know you said you can’t go back there, but I thought this, well it might make you feel-“
“I’m fine, fine, just move Cas, please.. I can’t take this much longer....” Dean gasped out, scrabbling over Cas’ back, leaving red marks from his nails every where he tried to grab hold.
He’d tried. He’d fought so damn hard to get the woman out, to save her, but she kept fighting as he’d tried to lift her off the floor. It was only when she had managed to push him away that she’d been able to show him what she’d been protecting. She’d pushed the small bundle into his hands, and passed out.
“You like that. You like when I bite you.” Castiel stated, very matter of fact considering their current situation.
“What the hell you playing at, boy?” The new voice growled. “This job shoulda been done a week ago. Now let me through.”
“Right... right, yeah. We’ve got some work to do. There.” Dean pointed to the apartment door needlessly, then nodded to the manager. “We’ll be going now.”
It was like a bucket of cold water had been thrown over him and he gasped as he shot up to a sitting position. He heard a sudden clatter of something falling to the floor, but ignored it, caught in the sudden panic. His professor – Castiel – what had happened? Dean’s memories were fuzzy but he had a feeling that Castiel had been there when he freaked out and broke down. His mind spun, wondering what the man would think of him now. Sure, he’d known this morning that Dean was not okay, but having a complete breakdown was way out of line.
He watched Dean build his burger and grinned slightly when absolutely no salad went near the buns. Dean was a meat, bacon and cheese guy, apparently. Castiel’s own burger had a little of everything, topped with a spicy barbeque sauce. As they began to eat, Castiel couldn’t help chuckling at the sounds of pleasure coming from Dean.
When Castiel found him ten minutes later, his anger had faded away to leave doubt and worry. He glanced up as Castiel entered the bedroom, then dropped his eyes again to his hands as he sat on the bed.
Dean couldn’t answer in words, even though he could tell Castiel knew the answer. He just nodded slightly, watching Castiel, waiting for the part where he decided Dean was too much work to be bothered with. But somehow, he didn’t seem to – a few moments passed, then he went back to the bandage and started to unravel it as though nothing had happened.
“It’s mostly a precaution. But I feel that we should each have a safe word, that we can use if things get too much. I’d like you to think of one, and when we talk this afternoon, we can exchange our decisions.”
“Well, look at that. Come here to scare one fairy, and I get two.” Uriel chuckled. “Must be my lucky day.”
“Dean...” Castiel sighed, shame washing over him as he closed his eyes. “I shouldn’t have said that about you. It was cruel and- and I didn’t mean it.”
The grip on Castiel’s hair tightened and he was pulled back roughly, far enough that Dean’s lust blown eyes could glare into his, a desperation there that matched Castiel’s own. Castiel didn’t need to hear his words to confirm what he was asking - he could see in his eyes that Dean was absolutely, one hundred percent sure.
“Jesus, Cas.” Dean whispered after awhile. “That’s gotta be one of the best thank you’s I’ve ever gotten.”
He glanced around, trying to ignore the way he’s shaking. The walls - Dean’s forest painting on his bedroom walls, that always calms him. Not his, no. Theirs. Dean had painted the same thing when they’d bought this little house, after everything was over. The dresser in the corner, that they’d made together - Dean had built it, and Cas had carved patterns into it. And Dean. Dean, with his beautiful green eyes, and worried lines.
“I’m ready, I’m ready, please, Cas, need you-“ Dean broke off on a cry as Cas drove his fingers one more time against his prostate, hard.
After he checked the messages on his phone – at least a dozen missed calls from Sam and a few texts from Charlie – he finally dragged himself away from the warmth of the bed and followed the quiet noises all the way to the kitchen. The sight that greeted him was something to remember – Cas, shirtless and wearing only sweatpants, stood over the coffee pot, apparently making two cups of coffee.
The kiss broken, Castiel let his head thunk back against the wall, closing his eyes for a moment. He hissed as he felt the man bite down on his throat, the line between pain and pleasure shattering as the man sucked a bruise into his skin roughly. The rational part of his mind told him to push the man away, but his hands were moving, ripping the man’s shirt up and over his head with a desperation he didn’t know he could feel.
“Okay... Who’s gonna tell me what’s going on? And when’s little bro gonna be back?” Gabriel asked finally, pulling a sucker out of his pocket and shedding the wrapper. He popped it in his mouth with a grin as he stared at the group expectantly.
He didn’t really open up about how he was feeling – like, ever. But Sam wasn’t stupid, and Dean wouldn’t insult his intelligence by pretending he hadn’t been off for some time. But, at the same time, he wasn’t going to start a big deep and meaningful either. Sam seemed to get it though, and just nodded as he stood from the couch and collected his empty bottles, along with Dean and Charlie’s.
“Uh, hang on a sec Cas,” He said eventually, stopping the angel from taking what he realised was a very poorly lined up shot.
Castiel gazed at him, panting and spread eagled on his own bed. The look Dean gave him with his pupils blown wide almost brought him to his knees, emotion overwhelming him. It had been a long time since he had felt this kind of intimacy with anyone.
Castiel held a hand up, stalling any further conversation, and yet not opening his eyes either. Dean fidgeted – should he stay, or leave? He wasn’t sure what the best option was, so he simply waited, trying to figure it out. Eventually, though, once five minutes had passed, he couldn’t wait anymore. He slowly edged away from the man and toward the door, noting that Castiel didn’t move at all or seem to notice him trying to leave. He felt bad just slipping away silently, though, so he spoke quietly.
They lay there for a long time, enjoying the slight shocks that pulsed through them after. He wriggled his wrists free and wrapped an arm around Dean, using his fingers to gently trace soothing patterns on his back. It took some time before he noticed the wetness on his shoulder, where Dean’s head rested.
Dean grabbed his keys from the hook by the door and made to leave, but paused as Sam yelled out again.
Dean curled his fingers over the top of Cas’ left hand, moving both his arm and hand to a better position. He felt the hairs on the back of his neck raise and gritted his teeth, trying to breathe evenly.
The professor started the day by getting them to set intentions – what they intended to do today, in terms of attitude and commitment – then reiterated his rules and continued the training with no further mention of it. It was odd, Dean thought, but it was calming as well. Castiel had asked for simple intentions, things just for them that they didn’t need to share with the class. Dean had decided his was to be present and engaged for the day, and being able to meet his goal made him feel like he had achieved something for the day.
They had both gone to the room and searched for his notebook – but it was nowhere to be found. As the time passed and the book still couldn’t be found, Dean grew more anxious. Dean was the last person to leave the day before – Could the cleaners have found it and thrown it out? That would be the easiest outcome.
“Well, if it’s what you want. I don’t know if I can get dad to pay you, though. I’m not even supposed to have anyone else there.”
As for the story, I know there’s still some loose ends - the end is coming, but I have plans to tie up those ends first, don’t worry.
He focused on the beads he held, running them through his fingers, feeling the solid wood between his index finger and thumb as he counted along the endless circle. He counted out ten beads, then started again at one, and repeated the process over and over, losing any sense of time. It was calming, and it seemed to help keep him there, in the moment. Surprisingly, the pressure in his chest lightened, and he didn’t have to fight so hard to keep the tears at bay.
“You know that you talk weird, right?” Dean felt Charlie laugh softly. He kept his eyes closed, listening to the conversation and feeling guilty for doing so at the same time. “I get you don’t want to hurt him. But you should know, if you do, I’ll kick your ass.”
Cas nodded slightly, focusing on counting out his breathing as he watched Michael and Gabriel draw closer to the table. Gabriel slid into the booth beside Sam, shooting Castiel a supportive glance.
Hearing those words again sent a familiar warmth flooding through his chest, and he finally opened his eyes to see Castiel kneeling in front of him. One of his hands covered Dean’s on his chest, while the other rested on his cheek, Castiel’s thumb gently stroking over his skin there. The touch was gentle, comforting, and Dean tilted his head slightly to press his cheek into Castiel’s palm.
“It’s fine, Sam.” Castiel laughed softly, tapping as he waited for the coffee pot to fill. “I’m usually up before two am, so this is a sleep in for me. But anyway, yes Dean is okay. Shaken and confused, I think, maybe feeling guilty. Physically, he’s got a black eye and a split lip, but nothing serious.”
He bit into the brownie, groaning as the chocolatey taste hit his tongue. They were damn good brownies, that was for sure.
“I... Yeah, I think I’m ready. I just... I’m worried that you’ll...” Dean couldn’t say his feelings straight out, and he mentally kicked himself. Before he could dwell much on it, though, Castiel spoke again.
“Which part?” Dean asked, staring down at his coffee cup. His cheeks flushed as the memories of the day before came into his head.
“Seriously, Sam? Skating? We’re not kids anymore.” Dean tried, hoping to head off this line of thinking.
Castiel furrowed his brow as he stared into the darkening liquid, as though it would hold answers. The state of his apartment usually didn’t get to him so much - on his wage, and with his leftover tiny inheritance from his parents, the run down place was the most he could afford to buy at the time. The money he made working barely covered bills, food, and clothing, though he had managed to save a little for what he hoped would eventually be enough to fix the place up himself. He didn’t exactly have any friends to invite over, so no, the appearance didn’t usually bother him. He blamed that change on the lack of sleep he’d been getting for the past few nights.
Why had Castiel come? He was constantly pushing the professional line, and yet here he was, visiting Dean in hospital after an accident. That seemed pretty personal. But Dean didn’t ask that, because Castiel was already standing up as though he was about to leave.
Dean smiled slightly, feeling a lot better than he had been, and followed Castiel back out to the party. He was surprised that a few of the parents actually talked to him now, and agreed with what he’d said. The most surprising thing, though, was when Claire silently came and gave him a tight hug, then went back to her friends without a word.
Cold fear flooded through him as he felt his back foot slip on the edge of the platform. He reached out to grab something, anything, to stabilise himself and stop him falling over the edge – but of course there was nothing there, because he had picked the one spot with no barrier. All he could think as he started to fall backwards was how disappointed Sam would be.
Sam called for the nurses, Charlie was crying into his shoulder, Sam started crying too – Dean could barely keep up with what was going on and it started to hurt his head, to be honest. Then the nurse came in and asked him fifty million questions, making Dean answer each one and sometimes repeat his answers.
But after a long, exhausting week and a really bad day, the smallest thing sets Castiel off and sends him running back to Dean.
Dean whipped his head around to stare wide-eyed and confused at Castiel, who was holding out the little notebook to him with a slight smile. Dean took it, but he didn’t open it. He just sat there, holding the little book in his hands, wondering. Had Castiel read it? Had he seen what Dean’s thoughts were like? Surely if he had read it, there's no way he would have wanted to meet with him today.
“You didn’t get a chance.” Dean finished, breathing slow and steady to work through the panic that had started, but somehow was quickly dissipating. “It’s... it’s fine. I guess I was just worried someone had read it.”
“Just be gentle. We’ll be fine.” He dropped his hand to Dean’s hip, pulling the man back to him so their bodies were flush.
“Dean..” Castiel whimpered, rolling his hips forward to increase that friction, sparks shooting from his abdomen to his groin. He definately was not going to last long.
“Hm. Well, I think that you may have possibly had a panic attack.” Castiel continued when Dean shot him a look of disbelief. “Feeling scared, or terrified. Unable to breathe. Not being able to think straight.”
A knock came on the door far too early - He was barely finished assembling the dish before he could put it in the oven. He glanced at the clock, wondering if he had been running later than he thought - but no, it was only five o’clock. He wiped his hands off and cautiously approached the door, calling out once he reached it.
The next time Dean woke up, it was to a doctor poking and prodding him. Dean grumbled and tried to move away, but the doctor was persistent, it seemed. Dean finally cracked an eye open to stare blurrily at the doctor who was currently checking out his bare chest.
“When you were taken.” Dean finished for him quietly, squeezing his hand again. “It’s all good, Cas, if you don’t wanna tell me...”
“Yeah, well, just hope it’s enough.” Dean answered with a frown. Over time he had learned to somewhat accept compliments, but he didn’t hold a lot of hope for the outcome of this. “Hey, what do you say we go to the café? I’ll let Sam know where we are, and when he’s finished doing his student lawyer thing he can come meet us.”
He tucked the gun into his belt while hurrying over to her side. Everyone else crowded around her, trying to get a good view of the computer screen. Kevin was animated for a change, glancing at the screen and jotting down notes as Charlie talked.
Dean sat at the table, head down, just staring at the phone in his hands. He felt... numb. Like he should be doing something, saying something, but he couldn’t force himself to do so much as move.
They talked while they worked, and Dean had just finished telling him about his family. Castiel watched him out of his peripherals, noticing the way his face lit up when he spoke of his brother, but dropped the few times he had briefly mentioned his father.
“Oh my god, you punched him for that?” The woman rolled her eyes mockingly, and Dean went from uncertain to immediate dislike of this woman. And her kid, for that matter, who was standing behind her with a smirk. “Don’t you know that just means he likes you?”
“Thank you. You may go, and I expect to find you here tomorrow on time, and ready to learn.” Castiel dismissed them, and returned to his desk at the front.
“I’m going to bed.” Castiel growled, rolling his eyes at the group of them as they all looked at him with false innocence. “I deny any knowledge of what you are planning, on account of my physical and mental condition.”
Dean nodded slowly, staring at Castiel still, searching his eyes for some kind of answer as to why he was still willing to help, still putting up with Dean and his faults. Castiel smiled slightly and tilted his head as he watched Dean, then raised a hand to gently rest on his cheek. Dean closed his eyes with a soft sigh, tilting his head into Castiel’s hand.
“No, actually. He said we might watch some movies. He’s setting it up now, but he said we’ll wait until after dinner.”
Though he had to admit it was also extremely confusing. Castiel had drawn a line, which was fine. But it was in opposition to the fact that the man had spent hours holding Dean the day before, watching him break over and over again and being so physically and emotionally close with him. Castiel had talked to him throughout, gentle and encouraging, and praising him repeatedly. Wasn’t that strange for someone who was just a work acquaintance?
All at once, the adrenaline drained from his system, and he leaned back against the door, sliding down until he was sitting on the floor. This last week had been nothing but long shifts with no time to rest properly, and it was starting to catch up. He let his head rest back against the door, closing his eyes - just for a minute.
It’s the second night Dean has visited his apartment, and the two men clear the air. Talking leads to a night of gentle passion.
“Right.” Dean seemed flustered by the affection, a warm blush creeping onto his cheeks. “Well, here we go.”
A thrill shot through him, straight to his groin as understanding flickered, but there was also a jolt of uncertainty. He wasn’t prepared, and it would hurt far too much for the man currently squirming beneath him. He wasn’t sure he could resist, though, the reactions he drew from Dean were just too amazing for him to not want to be buried inside him, to watch the man fall apart.
“Shutup, Crowley, this is awesome.” Sam shot back, though there was no heat in it. “We won, guys. Naomi’s going to jail, and the company has to pay compensation to both of you.”
“Nothin’” Dean bit back automatically, keeping his voice low so Castiel and Jack wouldn’t overhear from the other room. “What’re you on about Sam?”
Thursday, he’d gone to see the doctor. She’d refused to up his medication, telling him that he was on a high dose as it was, and writing another referral for him to see a psychologist. He’d taken it and thanked her, but it was guaranteed to be lost in the glove compartment with the others.
Mercifully, that was the exact moment his phone decided to ring – both men stepped back in surprise as ‘Heat of the moment’ started blaring from Dean’s phone. With an apologetic look to Castiel, Dean answered.
He swung the door open wider, gesturing to the apartment. Dean stepped inside with a smile, and Castiel led him over to the table, which sat between the couch and the kitchen area. He watched Dean expectantly, smiling as the man’s eyes widened in excitement at the spread laid out.
It was quickly becoming one of Dean’s favourite songs, too. Mostly, he imagined, because he associated it with Castiel now. The man had played it every afternoon since Dean had heard it, and it made him smile every damn time. He didn’t mention that out loud, though, somehow having a feeling that things like that would push the man away. It seemed like a very careful line he had to tread with the man to keep their relationship professional as Castiel had asked, despite that he felt several lines were being crossed as it was. And he wasn't the only one crossing lines, either.
“Good boy.” Castiel told him in a low voice, rubbing his fingers gently over the backs of Dean’s hands.
Castiel glanced up at Dean over the top of his journal, who was tapping out a reply text while glaring at his phone screen. Gabriel, who was sitting beside Cas, made an affirmative sound and went back to - well, whatever he was doing on the laptop. He glanced up at the time - twenty minutes past three - and sighed softly to himself, as he added ‘Benny’ to the note in his journal regarding their meeting.
“A… what?” Dean blinked. He knew what a safe word was – but he didn’t expect to need one in this situation.
He saw another one of those quizzical looks from Sam. The room wasn’t cold at all. Cool, maybe, but not cold. He briefly considered declining the offer, but since Cas had outed his shiver to the others, it would have been extremely hard to explain why he was shivering if he wasn’t cold.
“I’d like that.” Dean cut him off, allowing a small grin. Food could always win him over, but he found the way Castiel kept babbling was endearing.
They spent the next ten minutes discussing and agreeing on the rules - eventually writing a list that they all signed off on, very formally.
“You’re a dick.” Dean scowled, shaking his head as he picked up two plates in one hand, and the two cups of coffee in his other hand. “Seriously, fuck off.”
He moved his wrists, still being held down by Dean. Dean’s skin, burning hot against his own, he could feel that. The soft mattress that they picked out together, so much more comfortable than he was used to.
Dean stared back at him, a pleased smile lifting his lips up. He leaned forward and they were kissing again, more heated than before. Castiel’s dick twitched in interest and he moaned softly against the man’s lips as his hands moved under his shirt, splaying out across the soft skin on his sides.
“Cas... Castiel Novak. I, uh- You know I’ve never been great with words, and that’s a pretty hard act to follow,” It was Cas’ turn to laugh through his tears. “I guess, I’ve never been one to believe in unconditional love, or settling down. But here I am, believing and, I’ve never been happier. Cas, I’m honoured to become your husband today. I promise to be there for you, to fight for you, and to love every moment with you, through the best and the worst. I love you, Cas.”
So he followed, quietly and from a distance, as Castiel searched through the trees for his target. Dean grinned, the phrase ‘the hunter becomes the hunted’ flashing through his mind. Yet, before he could gloat too much in his mind, he realised he had lost sight of the angel. Damn!
“I am not. I just don’t see eye to eye with your idea of ‘morning’,” Castiel answered with a false grumpy look as he swapped his coffee cup for his plate. “Though, I do believe I could get used to this. It looks and smells delicious.”
Sam grumbled as he helped Dean get down off the ladder, then lead him over to sit on the bed. He pulled on Dean’s arm until he relented and held his left hand out, shaking. Sam looked over it – it was already starting to bruise around his knuckle and index finger. And of course, Sam just had to poke it, which made Dean yell and push him away.
He couldn’t even finish the sentence as Dean flicked his tongue over the head at that moment, making his hips jerk up before he could stop it. He tried to pull away, but Dean followed, glaring up at him. Dean’s hand took his and guided it until his fingers were buried in the sandy hair. Understanding flashed and he groaned in response, though hesitant.
“Dad, c’mon.” Dean was saying. “This is a fast job as it is, no way could I have it done any sooner. It’ll be finished on the weekend.”
Sam asked, and Dean immediately felt himself flush at the memory of the weekend breakfast he’d shared with Cas. Damnit, he knew he had to keep it platonic, but he was feeling things he hadn’t felt in years every single time he thought of the Professor. Some of what he felt were things he had never even experienced feeling before, and it was starting to scare the hell out of him.
Dean kept it cool as he drove to the office, parked, and made his way into the building. The training was to be held on site, in one of the meeting rooms. Dean was thankful for the familiar location of the site – it helped keep the panic at bay, just slightly. The routine of driving the same route, seeing the same people, it all helped. Still, it was change, and Dean didn’t handle change well anymore.
“No. Nope. I’m just-” Dean waved a hand in a vaguely dismissive gesture; he trusted Jody and got along with her well, but he couldn’t explain something that even he didn’t understand. “I’m fine, Jodes. I’ll get back to it in a second.”
Castiel pursed his lips as Dean revealed what he now realised was an abusive childhood. The biggest shock, however, was that Dean was talking about it so matter of factly. There was no emotion in his voice, and he didn’t seem to feel anything about it. As though it were normal.
“Don’t you even dare say you can’t do it, Dean. I know you can – you’re smart, and you can manage this easily. And it can open up so many opportunities.”
Once he’d finished eating, he’d been forced onto the couch while the TV was set up, and they ended up watching A new hope for probably the fifteenth time. He’d slowly relaxed as the night progressed, and found himself enjoying the company and laughing along with Sam and Charlie as they poked fun at the dated graphics.
“Oh, right, you’ve got that training haven’t you? What’s it like?” Charlie asked, ignoring his comment about bed as she sunk back into the cushions.
All the angel got in response was another deadly glare, before Dean turned his attention back to Sam. The younger brother grinned, reaching over to flip over the top of a bag Dean hadn’t even realised was sitting on top of the table, revealing-
“Yeah. Bobby tell you about this morning?” Dean asked, then continued when Ellen nodded slightly. “I can’t get him out of my head, ma. I just… what if there is a reason? And a good one?”
“Dean... How are you holding up? And I mean really-“ At this, Sam narrowed his eyes, giving him a severe look. “None of that ‘I’m fine’ crap. Not anymore.”
Castiel’s hands moved underneath the dark shirt he wore, brushing across bare skin which sent tremors through Dean’s body. Damn, he was reacting like a teenager to this shit, he never acted like this. He flushed lightly with embarrassment, but it didn’t stop him from arching his back and crying out when Cas dug his fingers hard into his hips, his own nails digging into the angel’s shoulders.
And last, if you are struggling with anything, depression, anxiety, anything like that - there is never any shame in seeing a therapist and you may find you will feel so much better if you do, so just do it, please. It can be hard, it might take awhile, and it can be scary, and that is all okay. Once you find the right combination of therapy and/or medication, you feel like yourself again, and it really is possible to be happy.
Sam and Charlie stood at the same time, drawing Dean’s attention, and Dean was surprised to see that anger back on Sam’s face. Though, he now realised – it was directed at Castiel. Did Sam blame him for Dean being on the roof of the parking lot and hold it against him? Even worse, what had he told Castiel about it?
“Yes, well. Let me introduce myself properly. I am Missouri, which you know, however I am also the psychiatrist on this ward, which you didn’t know.”
“Yes, sir.” Dean answered softly, unable to help himself from saying the one thing he knew for a fact that Castiel seemed to like. The sharp intake of breath from the other end didn’t disappoint.
Dean rolled his eyes at her, yet he got up anyway and went to the grab another two beers. When he got back to the couch he presented it to Charlie with an over the top bow and flourish.
“Yep. Nobody’s seen or heard from him.” Dean sighed and sat on the couch, dropping his head in his hands.
A few hours later, Dean laid in bed, flipping his phone nervously in his hand. He chewed on his lip, thinking. Castiel had sent him several links for research, and he’d thoroughly investigated each and every one of them. From what he had read, Castiel was right – he had a submissive nature, he wanted someone to take control so that he didn’t have to worry if he was right or wrong.
“No kidding,” Charlie agreed. “That’s weird, though. When I talked to him he really seemed to care about you. Like, care care.”
Sam came back with a fresh beer and Dean took it, draining half the bottle in one go as Sam raised a brow. He just shrugged in response, and Sam shook his head, but he was smiling slightly again.
“Alright, you two. Time for bed.” Bobby grunted quietly, walking over to where Dean and Charlie were hunched over a map.
“Oh, yes, I forgot I asked her to retrieve this for me,” Castiel noted as he laid his parents’ will on the table.
He hadn’t spoken about what had happened, save for giving his statement to a visiting police officer. Bobby had refused to take the statement, due to conflict of interest plus to respect Castiel’s privacy and choice. The hospital had, however, given him information when he left for a therapist in the area. Castiel assured them he would follow it up but really, it was the furthest thing from his mind.
Charlie went first, holding the door open for him. He stepped out onto the front porch of the house that he and Dean had bought. As followed the path through his gardens and around the side of their home, he couldn’t help noticing the little things - the bench that Dean had built for him to sit on, in their first month here, or the little birdbath he’d made and sat right outside their bedroom window.
Dean tried to say his name, but all that came out was a soft grunt. Even that much exhausted him and, as much as he tried to fight it, he went back under.
“Dean, please stop.” Castiel sighed and finally stopped fiddling with the papers on the desk, but he didn’t look up. “I told you I didn’t want to discuss it, but I failed to realise how that would affect you, and how you would blame yourself.”
“Jesus fuck...” Cas panted, his eyes wide with awe as he listened to the man beneath him coming undone.
Dean thought about it quietly for a few minutes as he sipped at the coffee he held. He’d been avoiding talking about shit for years but lately, having been able to talk with Cas about things, he’d gotten used to the idea. And Sam was right, bottling things up was what got him here in the first place.
Dean nodded slightly, his arms wrapped tight around Castiel as he matched his breathing to his boyfriend’s. It was almost instinctual now, the way that Castiel would ground him and bring him back into the moment, settling his breathing before he even started to panic.
“How do you make things sound so formal?” Dean questioned, though it seemed mostly to himself. “I- yeah, I’d like that. We can do that.”
Each of the doors had a name slide, and each room had it’s own name – something Dean had found amusing when he’d first found out about it. They had named each room after things from books and movies. The door of the room he’d been told to go to – Winterfell, of all things – was ajar, and Dean took a moment just outside the door to breathe and collect himself.
Dean blinked in surprise, looking at Bobby as he registered the use of the word ‘son’. Bobby had always treated him like one, but never actually called him that. It sent a warmth through his chest, comforting him somehow, despite the conflicting emotions running through him.
“Oh shit...” Dean breathed, his head dropping forward onto Cas’ shoulder as shocks travelled up his spine.
Dean was shaking his head as soon as Cas said his name, predicting the question and cutting his sentence off before he could finish.
A little over two hours later, Dean’s initial apprehension had worn off. The drive over had been refreshing - it was nice to leave the bunker without the threat of a case. Castiel had raised conversation as though nothing had happened between them, and he found himself easily slipping back into their comfortable companionship.
“I’d like you to go home and have dinner. After dinner, make sure you have a hot shower and go to bed at a decent time. I would like you to let me know once you have done that, then get a good night's sleep. Is that okay?”
“Hard to get good help.” Bobby patted Dean’s knee comfortingly, then stood. “I’m gonna check on that Jackson guy. See if he’s got the footage cleaned up yet.”
By the time he lowered himself to the bed, Dean was in a serious mood again. He watched, bemused, as the man fussed over him - he brought water and painkillers, he fluffed the covers, he was ever so gentle as he helped to remove Cas’ clothes so that he could sleep comfortably.
Dean leaned forward and dropped a kiss to her cheek with a smile, knowing that what she said came from a good place.
“No problem, just a dude that doesn’t know when to back off.” Dean smiled. “Why don’t you take a seat there, Michael?”
I also want to note I don’t have any particular issue with John, but that’s the way this story goes. It seems to be writing itself regardless of my opinions.
Dean glanced down at him, searching his face. It was as though he knew the single word held more weight than it’s definition. That Castiel meant stay, tonight but also stay with me. He felt a flicker of doubt, wondering if maybe Dean wasn’t ready for a relationship - Then the man smiled, and Castiel was pulled closer against him.
The two went silent, staring at each other miserably. Castiel realised then that it was a good time to leave them alone, so that they could talk freely. He knew Dean didn’t mind him being there, but Sam didn’t know him. Yes, it would be better to leave them be, at least for twenty minutes or so, just to clear the air on this bit. He formed a plan, and within a few moments he had the kitchen trash bag in his hands and was clearing his throat to get their attention.
Castiel gasped out, his vision going white as he felt Dean clench around him. His balls drew up tight, then fire shot through his cock as he emptied himself into him, bucking and crying out as the intense pleasure overtook him.
“...You didn’t tell him?!” Gabriel asked, turning incredulous eyes to his brother. “Cas, you know better than this. You can’t get involved with someone and not tell them!”
“Dean, breathe. I did not open it.” Castiel reached out a hand and gently laid it on Dean’s shoulder supportively. “The cleaners must have found it and left it on my desk. I recognised it, and was planning to give it to you yesterday, but-”
Castiel grumbled in frustration, clutching his pillow hard down against his head as he lay in his overly large and less than comfortable bed. Seconds later he huffed in annoyance and threw said pillow across the room, before glancing at the cheap clock on his side table noting it was past eight pm. It wasn’t exactly late by normal standards, but seeing as he had a two am start for work in the morning, it was close to getting past the point that he should be asleep.
“You like watching.” He commented, regretfully releasing himself. “We’ll have to explore that another time.”
Within moments the bonds were released, and Castiel flexed his arms as he moved them in front of him. There was still the problem of the blade, however, and Dean frowned as he looked at Bobby. The older man just shrugged, a regretful expression crossing his features.
A small voice inside him whispered, which he ignored. Of course. Because nothing was ever that straight-cut for Dean Winchester.
He felt guilty about taking so much of Dean’s time, but he never said anything. He didn’t want to miss the chance to get to know the man, and with each day that passed he felt them growing closer. It was worth every second, he thought as they took in the fruits of their labour. The walls were painted in a very light shade of blue that seemed to brighten the room by itself. Dean had built shelves and installed them into the walls, staggered to look like steps leading up. Castiel would be able to store most of his books there.
“I’m here.” He leaned in and pressed a gentle kiss to Dean’s cheek. “I’m alright.” He pressed a kiss to the other cheek. “I’m with you.” He gently pressed a kiss to Dean’s lips.
“Gabriel...” Cas started again, mildly worried at the idea that his brother, his maybe-boyfriend, and said maybe-boyfriend’s lawyer brother were working together.
Then he fled down the fire escape, the officers following him. The manager approached Castiel quietly, who was busy checking Dean over for any injuries. Dean was fine, but Castiel couldn’t stop the trembling that had taken over his whole body.
His tears finally spilled when he told Castiel how he’d stood there holding the baby – Claire, he now knew – waiting for his team to save Amelia, and knowing that he should have charged straight back in there instead.
The buzzer to warn that they were running out of time started to sound, and things went crazy. For the next few minutes they yelled and laughed as they tried to dash around the on screen game to get all of the dishes completed before the time hit zero. They finally ran out of time and finished with two stars, then promptly collapsed into fits of laughter.
“Sam, stop it. Honestly, does blaming yourself run in the family or something?” Castiel cut him off, suddenly annoyed. “If you had stayed, I feel that nothing would have been different. Dean is a protector - he would have kept taking the beatings to protect you.”
Jo gave him one last withering look before she left, headed over to help Ellen bring in groceries. Dean glanced over, but thankfully Ellen didn’t seem to be planning on coming over – she’d already gone back outside. He glanced back at Castiel, then dropped his eyes.
Damn, where had the shy, hesitant, well-spoken Cas gone? Dean quickly realised that Cas knew exactly what he was doing to the man, and had possibly planned something like this. He was showing Dean a side of himself that nobody ever saw - and Dean wanted more of it. That thought alone sent fire through his nerves, and he came completely undone.
“Dean, if you ever need to talk, or just need a break… Let me know, okay?” Castiel glanced up and caught his eyes for a moment. “I want you to know that I will be completely understanding if you wish to ask for anything.”
Dean thought about it. This sounded like the path to some weird fifty shades stuff, but he supposed there was no harm in trying. And he didn’t think Castiel would use it in a bad way. It sounded like he really wanted to help, and thought this was a way to do that, for whatever reason. Still, he couldn’t help voicing his thoughts, even though he felt uncomfortable doing so.
Dean frowned, glancing at the small paper bag he held. He opened in carefully and looked inside, to see a small notebook and a set of coloured pens. Weird, certainly. He glanced at Charlie with a slightly confused expression, and she rolled her eyes.
Dean sighed softly and relaxed, letting himself be carried up what he assumed by the movements were stairs, held tight against Castiel’s body. He was soon deposited onto a soft bed, and almost immediately he felt Castiel curl around him, spooning against his back in a way that fit perfectly. He hummed again, pressing back into Castiel as he felt an arm wrap over him protectively.
Dean’s next breath was sharp, suddenly wondering how Cas could put him so on edge like that. It was something he didn’t want to answer to himself.
The end of the workday found Dean sitting in a booth at the café, sipping at the coffee Jo kept topping up for him and poking at the toast Ellen had brought him. Ellen herself was sitting across the table from him, a pile of financial papers spread out on the table before her. She’d been quiet for the most part, letting him take his time but obviously wanting him to talk about what had happened during the day.
Sorry to keep you all waiting, please don't leave me! I'm almost done on the next chapter so will get that out as soon as possible, hopefully mid week!
“I understand, Dean. I don’t expect you to trust me, after what I did.” Castiel’s voice shook, and Dean glanced back to him, biting his lip so that he didn’t start tearing up too. “Do you think you might be willing to give me a chance to earn your trust again?”
“We won, Dean.” Castiel smiled, taking his hand lightly and pulling Dean flush against him as his other hand came up to cradle his cheek. “We won.”
Dean’s cursing cut off on a moan as Castiel enveloped the cock inside his mouth. His tongue swirled around the head, eliciting a series of short moans before he bobbed down, taking as much of Dean’s shaft into his mouth as he could with his fist wrapped around the base. Dean’s fingers tangled into his hair and pulled slightly, and Castiel moaned deep in his throat. The vibration pleased Dean, if the tremble in his knees was anything to go by, so Castiel moaned again. At the same time his fist tightened, stroking the man’s shaft slow and firm as his glanced up to lock eyes with Dean.
Castiel could feel himself tensing up further at the anger in the new voice. Once he realised it was Dean’s father John, slight fear curled through him. He had a feeling this wasn’t about to go well, especially when the man found him in the apartment. Dean had said he wasn’t supposed to have anyone there, but judging by his behaviour just now, there was more to the story.
“Gabriel.. I’ve told you about him before. I haven’t told you about... Michael, though.” He spoke haltingly, not sure how to say what he needed to. “Michael is the oldest of us. I have to.. check in with him, weekly. I was supposed to check in with him when... when...”
Sam’s laughter followed him down the hallway as he made his way back to his own bedroom, muttering about asshole little brothers. His face was still scarlet as he pushed the door open with his foot, peeking in to see Castiel exiting the bathroom wearing a pair of Dean’s sweats. Dean couldn’t help the smile though, as Castiel looked up at him, looking all fresh and clean with an adorable smile on his lips.
“I know. I know. It’s gonna be okay.” Dean’s hands rested on his cheeks, and he smiled, tears slowly glazing over green eyes. “I love you too, Cas.”
For all the troubles he was having, there were still good times, still moments working here that he found himself dissolving in fits of laughter and being generally immature and silly. Moments like now, hanging around with Charlie, laughing at stupid things, were what kept him coming back even if sometimes, the job was difficult.
“Castiel Novak, you look at me now.” Charlie grabbed him by the shoulders and turned him to look at her, then slapped his hands away from the tie. “Stop doubting. You will relax, you will be happy, and you will get your ass out there.”
Dean laughed quietly to himself – he had been worried at first, but of course he shouldn’t have been. Charlie was always up for a drink with him, mostly because they hardly spent any time together.
Dean didn’t know what to say to that. Was he really so bad that Sam felt that he was completely gone? He hadn’t realised how badly his depression was affecting not only him, but the people around him. Thinking about it, though, Sam was right. Things had become so different without him even realising. They rarely spent any time together anymore, and they didn’t have that same banter that they used to.
“Actually, I have some work to get to.” Castiel answered, his hand tightening on Dean’s. “But I will be in that apartment there, when they get back.”
Dean lifted his head to stare at Castiel, pupils blown wide with desire. He nodded shakily, showing his understanding, and the angel removed his hand.
Dean shook his head, but he couldn’t speak. The tears finally fell freely, and he choked back a sob – then he felt Castiel’s arms wrap around him in a strong grip, pulling him forward to rest against his chest. Dean buried his face into Castiel’s shoulder, shaking as he sobbed uncontrollably.
“You-Well, you... Nevermind. Your turn.” Dean snapped, handing him the cue a little more forcefully than intended.
“It means that our dear big brother is a complete and utter asshole.” Gabriel growled, chewing hard on the lollipop in his mouth. “He’s been lying to us, this whole time.”
Dean seemed only too happy to comply, and his hand instantly tightened around their cocks. Castiel copied him, and he growled low in his throat as the rough pull sent heat coursing through his abdomen and groin. He moved his fingers slightly, alternating between hard and soft, a pulsing rhythm that had him almost over the edge. Castiel’s groaning grew louder and his nails dug deeper into Dean’s hip, thrusting forward uncontrolled. He was close, so close, his orgasm was right there. He just needed that one push over...
Castiel groaned low in his throat at the words, as he dived back in for another kiss, more heated than the last. He slowly turned them, both hands on Dean’s hips as he pushed them blindly back toward the bedroom. It was a slow trek, heated and yet still gentle, and it took an age until finally Dean toppled back onto the bed.
He could decline, say he was busy or something – even though he felt unhappy about lying to the man now. Castiel would accept that he had said no but would probably distance himself from Dean. And a big part of him really didn’t want to say no.
“Don’t touch. Don’t talk.” Dean growled, curling down over Castiel so their lips were inches apart. “Just... just...”
He followed the man onto his bed, straddling him as he continued the kisses, though now they moved along his jaw, then down his neck. He tugged at the tank top, and Dean understood quickly, wriggling and pulling at the material until he managed the get it off and throw it across the room.
And that was frustrating in itself. He was used to the feeling, of course, considering he pretty much lived it every day. In this situation though, he wasn’t sure why he was feeling it. He owed nothing to the professor, despite his questioning, caring nature. So why was he feeling so down, so worried, about the idea that he had disappointed the man?
He hadn’t said anything - just took Dean’s hand and squeezed it gratefully, earning him a soft smile. That, he quickly discovered, was his favourite Dean-smile, and he realised he wanted to put it there more often. Much, much more often.\
Only for a short, brown haired man with champagne eyes to fall straight into him and knock them both to the ground.
Dean looked away, though he couldn’t help feeling pleased with the praise. He wanted to make Castiel happy, and if a BLT sandwich did it, then what the hell. So instead of answering, he took a bite of his own sandwich, and they fell quiet as they enjoyed their breakfast.
“Oh! Dean! Sorry if we woke you.” Castiel started to stand, but Sam beat him to it, stepping away from the table slightly.
“Welcome. Now stay out of my way and Dean, another coffee.” Charlie commented grumpily, fingers flying over the keys.
“I think that’s a fantastic idea.” Castiel answered, dropping a kiss on Dean’s head as Dean pulled out his phone. “You know, Sam is quite good at this. He seems to understand the system and the language they use quite well. Perhaps he should pursue study in law.”
Once his coughing settled, he shifted in the bed, trying to find a more comfortable position. Castiel helped after a few moments, and he managed to sit up more, able to talk and face Castiel properly. Once he was settled again, Castiel sat back in his seat. After a few moments, the man spoke, though his head was down.
He licked his parched lips as he looked around the room, searching for anything that could help him in this situation. There was one small window, and he couldn’t see any sign of civilisation through it. His heart dropped lower with every detail he took in.
Then Dean moved one of his hands to wrap around his cock, and somehow the warmth of his palm overwhelmed him and sent him tumbling over the edge, his back arching forward with the ecstasy. He heard Dean give a gutteral groan and he thrust once, twice more before his hands tightened and he pulled Castiel down onto him as his cock pulsed. Castiel moaned again as he felt Dean’s come flood his insides, setting off another wave of pleasure.
“Dean.” A soft voice interrupted his thoughts, and he pulled his gaze away from the computer to meet Castiel’s questioning eyes. “Do you need a break?”
That slight hitch snapped something inside Castiel, and he surged forward to capture Dean’s lips against his own, pressing his tongue insistently forward. Dean caught him, arms circling Castiel’s waist as a whimper of surprise parted his lips, and then Castiel was licking inside his mouth, heated and filthy in a way that had Dean instantly hardening in his shorts. Dean tried his best to kiss back and keep up, but Castiel was relentless, seizing control almost violently. There would be no battle for dominance tonight - Castiel was taking it, he needed it, needed to release his anger and frustration.
Castiel rolled his eyes, a smile tugging at his lips as he swung the door open. He froze, his breath catching as he caught sight of Dean. He was clad in denim shorts and a tank top, which suited him well. His eyes were drawn to the tool belt on Dean’s waist, and he wasn’t sure how he could be instantly turned on just by that. His eyes raked over the man, eventually raising to meet green eyes dancing with amusement.
