John looked back at him, his face crumpling again. “But she’s dead,” he croaked. “I made a stupid mistake, and she’s dead. Because of me.”
“A few months ago. It’s why his brother decided to tell me he was alive, why he begged me to come.” John stopped and picked up a rock and flung into the pond. “I’m terrified. To leave. To stay. I keep him at arm’s length, I guess. I don’t even know what happened, how he was found.”
Sherlock looked at John thoughtfully. “It felt like we were making love.” Then he grinned. “Well, in the beginning.”
Sherlock stood up. “I’m never embarrassed of you, Watson,” he said adamantly. “Besides, you deserve a good meal. Something other than cured meat and cheese.”
John had become increasingly silent and melancholy the closer they got toCornwall. As they approached the turn off to Lands End, John knocked on the ceiling of the carriage to signal for the driver to stop. He gathered his medical bag and hat in his hands.
“Well, that was a bit anticlimactic,” remarked John, shining his torch up the length of the brick. “This isn’t that old. Probably sealed up for insurance reasons.”
John stopped breathing the moment Sherlock began to stroke him. He had imagined this in his mind so many times, but the real thing didn’t even begin to compare to his fantasies. He lifted himself up by his arms so he could watch Sherlock's hand move up and down. He was gentle and slow at first, but as John's body began to tighten his grip became firmer and his movements swift. John gasped and moaned, his expression one of helpless desire. Sherlock gazed at him with parted, wet lips as John trembled and cried out and came all over his lover's pale stomach. Sherlock stroked and squeezed every last drop from his body.
He pulled him away and told him to dry his tears. He reached into his pocket and pulled out a small purse.
Wiggins pulled out his flask and took a sip, then handed it to Sherlock. “Supposedly they met in Munich, been friends for years, but Carl didn’t have a clue who Brook was. Said he’d never seen him before in his life.”
They collapsed on top of each other, covered in sweat and fluid. John helped Sherlock onto his back and kissed him.
Felipe walked in as far as the waiting room and stopped, a look of concern on his weathered, handsome face.
“We have a room of our own,” he rumbled, as he gently licked John’s wet, pink mouth. He unbuttoned John's shirt and threw it to the floor.
Weeks turned into a month, then two. Letters from Land’s End came less frequently, and the young surgeon often lacked the energy to pen his own to send. As his knowledge grew and his skills sharpened, the demand on his time and length of rotations increased. Most of his shifts were now a full day and night, and he had grown accustomed to sleeping in the cots in the back office.
John turned his head and nodded, his lips meeting Sherlock’s. They explored each other’s mouths and Sherlock's hands roamed John’s warm body. Sherlock reached over and grabbed the salve from the small table next to the bed.
“Now are you a rusher, are you a dragger, or are you going to be ON MY FUCKING TIME?!” Brooks screamed, saliva dripping down his chin.
Sherlock found his brother Mycroft in the library, lounging in the same chair their father had sat in just a couple of weeks before.
The Spaniard stood up from the table and leaned forward, placing his large, sunned hands on the wood.
“I don't know,” he said softly. His hand shook so violently he dropped the vial onto the floor. It landed with a clatter onto the tile.
I honestly thought this was going to be the last chapter but I have more to write. Bear with me. I'll try to make it worth it haha
“Name’s Watson. John Watson,” said the man. He held out his hand for Sherlock, and Sherlock gingerly shook it.
They arrived by rail on a Thursday afternoon. The train station was massive and even smelled new as they walked through the crowds of people flowing in and out of the building. When they emerged onto the street, John managed to fight his way through the dusty air and swarms of commuters to secure a cab. They piled in and began the slow journey through the city to the  Freie Universität Berlin.
He entered a quieter section of the town with shops and what looked like a schoolhouse. A sign on the next door caught his eye.
He stood at the water's edge for a long time, looking out the horizon, the wind whipping his hair. He watched an object bob up and down in the waves. After several attempts at reaching the shore, the bottle washed up on the sand at his feet. It was an empty vial.
"Don't you see, John? He was driven MAD by his love for Paulo!" Sherlock bounced so hard on the bed he almost hit his head on the ceiling. "He wanted nothing in the world but to be with his lover, and he killed his wife. And at the exact same time..."
They both collapsed onto the grass, a mess of dirt, sweat and come. They lay there, silent, until Sherlock began to giggle.
“He was curious as to whether or not we’d met before,” Felipe interjected. “I told him we had a conversation once, and it was about you.”
Sherlock moaned and writhed for what seemed like eternity, and suddenly he was stiffening and silent and John felt him tremble outside and inside, and the warm wetness that spilt between them immediately caused John to come,
Sherlock had not regained consciousness, but his fever had broken early one morning, soaking the sheets and giving John hope. John hadn’t left his side, to the point he had neglected all of his other duties. Lestrade stopped by often to check on them both.
“Nothing,” he answered wearily. He stood and briefly warmed himself by the fire before turning toward his bedroom. “Goodnight.”
Sherlock slowed as he spotted him, treating the situation like seeing a spooked animal, not wanting to startle him lest he run away. He snuck up beside him. The coat wrapped around the young man’s shoulders was indeed covering an arm in a cast.
They both had lo mein and egg rolls, and Sherlock drank green tea while John had another tap water. John happily paid for the meal, since it was again a bargain at 10 quid for the both of them (Sherlock had purposefully encouraged the cheap noodles and rolls). They had planned an after dinner stroll across the bridge, but the weather had turned damp and drizzly.
Anderson shot John a glare but slinked away up the stairs. John managed to suppress his laughter, but he couldn't help his rather pleased expression.
A loud BANG made him jerk so hard he almost dropped his instrument. He looked up, and realized Brooks has left. The door had been slammed shut. Sherlock was alone.
More sweat trickled down his temple, down his back. He found himself losing control of the instrument, of the tone, of the note, of the sound. No longer was his violin under his command. He only heard an annoying wail, a sound like a child’s wind-up toy.
The large number of dinner guests staying over made doubling up necessary. Once inside their quarters, John peeled out of his jacket and tie and shirt and began to hyperventilate.
One evening, they sat around the fire drinking brandy as the rain pounded against the windows. John was unusually silent.
Sherlock briefly closed his eyes as John slid easily inside of him. John's lips played along a stubbled jaw as he held himself up by his arms. He carefully studied his lover's face for any trace of pain.
“I'm the best boot boy in the land,” he would brag at school. The older boys would snicker at him, but his teacher was kind.
“John,” whispered Sherlock, placing his large hand over his and removing it gently from his nightshirt. John’s breathing increased as Sherlock again pulled at the string, but this time he didn’t stop him. Sherlock pulled the nightshirt up and over his head and threw it to the floor.
“Guilt?” Lestrade answered. “Shame? Holmes prides himself on his ability to observe others. He missed something this time. The consequences were for him - for anyone really - unbearable.”
John smiled. "I'll be fine.” Raibert walked by and popped open a beer, sitting heavily onto the couch.  He stared up at them both. “Besides, I could use the distraction,” he said, shaking his head.
It only took a minute or so, and Sherlock was coming with jagged swells of breath and deep grunts as he curled forward, almost in half, with John pumping the last bit of sweet come out of his partner's aching cock.
“I beg of you, Dr. Watson, please don’t say that.” He ran a large hand worriedly through his curls. “I realize now my method was unethical and I didn’t think it through. I have been so desperate for information about my life -”
She turned on the hot water and tried without success to keep the tears from falling down her cheeks.
Felipe left Jean Pierre with orders to make the school into a makeshift infirmary in case the disease reared it’s ugly head in the village. John packed up what he could and followed the Spaniard into the city.
Sherlock rolled on his back as John lowered his head to take a tight ballock in between his lips. He flicked his tongue as Sherlock keened softly and buried his long, trembling fingers into John’s mussed up hair.
Felipe shook his head, his eyes glistening. “You are back in my life.” He stepped forward and gripped his shoulder, careful not to embrace him with the workers sitting so close by. “I'm so grateful. And so, so happy.”
With those words, Brook closed the door. Sherlock stood in the hallway for a moment, then turned and walked into the loo. He needed to scrub the touch of Maestro Brook off his skin.
He crumpled and threw the paper to the floor. John cringed, as it was his only copy of that particular adventure.
John closed his eyes for a moment. “I’m...” he began hesitantly. “Sherlock,” he said, starting over, looking at him with weary eyes. “I’m concerned about you.”
“I never knew that story,” said Sherlock. “So when you showed up at Land's End, you had no other place to go. Which is why-”
“I’ve been searching everywhere for you,” admitted Sherlock. “It seems as if what Brook said was true.”
“Ahh!” he remarked, turning his wrist. With a snap and a crackle and an incredibly loud grinding of metal, the brick wall popped out of place and swung to the side.
Sherlock’s eyes flicked back to the messenger. John felt himself hesitate, then he pulled the satchel from his shoulder and handed it to Sherlock.
The fear that he had gone too far was evident in John's eyes. Sherlock pulled him close and kissed him. He could taste himself on his lips.
Felipe rolled his eyes and sighed. “Well, my nephew, we can’t have that, can we. John, fancy another trip into town?”
“You said you would take me to Baker Street and introduce me to Mrs. Turner. That I would be welcome to stay there as long as I like.”
Realising it may be his only chance, John pulled out the small book from inside his jacket. He laid it on the table next to the brandy snifter.
He picked up his white queen to move it across the board, just as a heavy, roundish object flew into the middle of the game.
Sherlock walked to the overstuffed leather couch along the wall and used the opportunity to observe the Professor’s office. A Grammy award was tucked on a shelf next to a Stradivarius violin, and a couple of Distinguished Alumnus certificates littered the wall, including a rather impressive one from in Hochschule fur Musik in Munich, Germany. One entire wall held a glass case of conducting batons, displayed individually and balanced on wooden pegs.
With a flick of his wrist, the orchestra went silent. Sherlock pulled away from the door in a flash, shaken, his chest heaving. He forced himself to be still.
John slept in the next morning, a bit depressed after his meeting with Felipe. Later that afternoon, he wandered for hours along the worn paths around the town before returning to the inn.
“A criminal mastermind, John,” Sherlock said excitedly. “All of these random acts of violence in all these different countries - they conform to a specific pattern that leads back to one man.”
“-and what is with this ‘Marie’ business?” John interrupted. “I’ve never known you to be so informal. Lecturing me on manners -”.
Sherlock was still a bit sickly, too thin and pale, but the twinkle in his pale silver eyes had returned. John selfishly wanted the man with him in Edinburgh, but as usual Sherlock refused to listen to reason and often traveled by rail back to the Alnwick’s estate to call on Lady Katherine. His constant back and forth made a full recovery difficult, but the arrangement remained until mid-winter, when Mother Nature interceded.
Sherlock observed deep skin flushing at the base of the young man’s neck. He wished he were in a position to take Victor’s pulse. Love affair?
Sherlock looked up at him with relaxed, bright eyes. A smiled played at the corners of his mouth as he licked his lips.
Sherlock roughly ran his fingers through his hair, making his fingertips sting. He looked down at his hands to see them smeared in blood. Every fingertip, save one, was cracked open and bleeding.
Wiggins shook his head. “Nah. I mean yeah he yelled at me and called me fucking stupid, but he never, you know, touched me or anything.” He flicked his cigarette over the ledge and stood up, tucking the flask back into his trousers.
I can here the WTF where did that come from? shouting in my brain. I'll explain in the next chapter. Sort of.
He stumbled into the hallway, surrounded by the family in their night clothes. The servants began to appear with sand and water and rushed in bravely to put the fire out.
Felipe licked his lips as he watched his lover orgasm, gripping the one thick leg still draped over his shoulder. Felipe thrusted his hips, his body releasing both inside John and outside, spilling himself up and down the crease of his small, round arse.
“Sir, that is most generous,” replied John, both shocked and grateful. “Thank you, sir,” he said, bowing.
Pained embarrassment spread across Sherlock's face, but was replaced by bewilderment as John unexpectedly dropped to his knees in front of him.
He was wearing a short sleeved undershirt and thin sweatpants, as if he'd just chucked his scrubs but didn't bother to redress.
"Sherlock," John said, his tone softening. He didn't move off the bed, but his stare did not falter either. "Just tell me - " his voice broke, but he quickly pulled himself back together. "Who in the bloody hell did that to you?"
The young men thanked the woman and slowly made their way up the narrow, rickety staircase which creaked and groaned with each step. When the reached the top, a strong earthy odor crowded their noses as they both eased into the cluttered attic space.
Sherlock’s blood boiled, but he raised his violin to his chin, hating his bow arm for trembling right before striking the strings. He played the scales slowly as instructed, up and up. Brook walked around him, directing him with his large wooden baton, his eyes closed. He smiled.
As Lord Cornwall rose, so did William. Both men bolted from the room, albeit in opposite directions.
Felipe threw the letter to the ground and pulled John into his lap. His palm moved to the good doctor’s cock, tucked inside his tight trousers.
“I told you once that ‘I gave you this life’,” he continued. “I regretted saying it the moment the words left my mouth, not merely because it’s a reprehensible thing to say, but because it’s simply not true.” He closed his eyes. “The moment you, John Watson, stepped foot into Lands End my world became full of possibility. I didn’t dread getting up in the morning because you would be there, brave and wise and true, keeping me right.” Sherlock opened his eyes. “As soon as you left that fateful day, I realized what I had done.”
Upon opening the small wooden container, John discovered inside his father’s Bible and a note addressed to him in handwriting he instinctively knew to be Hamish Watson’s.
"Yet here I am," Sherlock smirked, his arms spread wide. He then made a move, and Mycroft grimaced. Sherlock savored the moment.
John drew the Browning from his pocket and stormed the crowd, pointing the barrel up in the air and firing two successive shots. The crowd immediately froze and grew quiet. John aimed the weapon at one side while assessing the other. Two of the medical students picked up Felipe and brought him back inside the hospital.
Jean giggled and reached forward, grabbing the sides of John’s arms and kissing him excitedly on either side of his cheeks.
He followed the Spaniard into the tiny hallway that led to the front entrance. He pulled back a curtain and revealed a small door, which he opened. Inside was a wooden ladder. John followed Felipe up the ladder, the sound of the pouring rain becoming louder the higher they climbed. When they reached the top, Felipe helped John onto a  covered ledge that was hidden behind strategically placed horseshoe-shaped pillars along the side of the building. Thankfully the wind blew the rain away from the exposed opening, cooling the ledge but leaving it dry.
But when 3:30pm came, Victor was still missing. Sherlock stood in line, last of the strings, as they were about to enter the stage.
“That’s not what Lord Sherlock said at dinner,” Dimmock piped in. “His lordship mentioned the Boers weren’t behaving, and Lord Sherlock said he had been asked to help. His lordship said you should go with him.”
“Dr. Watson,” he began, the stopped. “John,” he began again,a bit more softly, “my respect for you is that of the highest mark, and as I’ve mentioned before, the debt my family owes you is beyond any form of earthly compensation. It is because of these things that I am obliged to be frank, as I am desperate to spare you any false hope. As much as I wish there was a chance, no matter how infinitesimal, there is none. The harsh weather combined with the fierce nature of the falls is no match for any man, even…” The Earl’s eyes became a deep red and moisture filled the rims. His voice was shaky as he continued. “...even for Sherlock.”
The woman shook her head and answered in Spanish, the translation flying somewhere beyond John’s fine-haired head.
Sherlock shrugged out of his coat and rolled up his white sleeves. He threw open the doors. The wind was light and warm and smelled salty. John again thought it was the most heavenly thing he’d ever experienced.
“Spare me a sermon!” Sherlock spat. “It’s not right or wrong. It just is,” he insisted. “Besides, that’s not my point. Do you want it? Do you want me?”
John watched with delight the flush that began in Sherlock’s chest and crept up his long pale neck into his beautiful, high cheekbones. He watched his lithe chest rise and fall quicker than before, his fingers squeezing into fists as his knuckles whitened.
“I want you to listen to me carefully,” he said softly. “I’ve always known your heart belonged to Sherlock. Even after he died, I knew I was still only borrowing it.” He squeezed John’s hand. “It is a miracle that William is alive.”
John wasn’t sure if it was the wine, the heat or the Spaniard’s undeniable magnetism, but he actually felt himself swoon as the taller man’s gaze fell on him.
Sherlock smiled so suddenly and widely that his lip caught on his teeth, making his grin lopsided for a few moments. He felt his chest swell.
And when John removed his gathered fingers from Sherlock’s behind, he wanted nothing more than to be filled up again. John laid back onto the bed, propping up the pillows behind his head and rolling a condom onto his large, stiff penis. He smiled at Sherlock, and then pulled him down into a kiss.
He released with an intensity that he hadn't felt in years, and after he knew he’d spent himself, he still remained stiff as he pulled himself free of the heat.
“Oh, God,” he hissed, as Felipe pulled him close, his strong arms wrapping him tightly against his broad chest. He could feel the Spaniard half-hard against his stomach.
“No, I guess my ears are clean because we most definitely have an out-of-tune player. Whoever it is, this is your last chance.”
Felipe said he would try to sneak in before midnight. There was no way John was going to last that long.
He finally placed his hands against his broad chest and lightly pushed back, just enough for the Spaniard to slow his advances.
John heard voices outside the room. He turned, letting his guard down for a just a moment, and that’s all Oscar Dzundza needed.
“You are not helping,” he growled. He leaned down and kissed him softly on the lips. “I may have been short, but I was a model servant, beyond reproach,” he said. “She had nary a reason to dismiss me other than the contract she spoke of with my mother.”
Felipe was back on his feet the next morning. Luckily the mob hadn't returned, but John still arranged an organized rotation of “guards” in place at all hours, meaning he and the students switched out every three hours to keep watch. John had the one pistol which he entrusted with the young men. He found it frustrating being so under protected.
"Positive," he responded with an air of snobbery. He tugged on his navy Burberry sweater, his dress shirt and tie tucked neatly underneath.
There it was again. Deep in the second, unexplored hallway, the sound of a machine, something chugging, clanging, and voices.
Sherlock managed a sheepish grin. He placed his long, black coat between them on the seat and slid his long fingers over John's small, steady hand.
A few seconds later, Professor Brook, sweaty and perturbed, emerged from the glass doors and stopped. He looked around, his dark eyes seemingly able to penetrate all the shadows.
Brook then released him, and Sherlock shot to his feet, running half-naked down the hallway and out the back door. He heard Brook laughing in the distance as he hid himself among the many nooks in the great hall.
William shook his head. “But that’s just it. You could have died tonight. And for what?” He sat his glass down on the end table and leaned forward. “The Yard is perfectly capable. I just don’t see the point.”
“No?” Felipe sauntered up beside him, his hand gently brushing up and down his back. “There is little difference, except…”
John held on to Sherlock as though he might disappear. His fingers played with dark curls as he gently suckled a scarlet dot onto his pale neck. They began to grind against each other, trading moans and gasps as they rocked back and forth.
John smiled and tipped his hat, but no one noticed.  The woman was wrangling the second boy as she tried to talk to the mother.
Once the murderer (the household’s cook) was handed over to the authorities, the two men happily limped home. They ate breakfast heartily and recounted the story to Mrs. Hudson and Marie with a rare excitement normally reserved for Christmas or an out of town visitor.
“I immediately pulled him out,” said Lestrade defensively. “But you know how bloody stubborn he can be. He wouldn’t listen to anyone, he drank all the time, wouldn’t leave his quarters unless it was to harass and throw things at me. Then one day he was just gone.” Lestrade sighed, defeated. “I sent multiple letters trying to find his whereabouts. I finally wrote to his brother through Parliament, who told me he had been ill but was convalescing in Tangier. With his valet.”
“Senora Margoles!” said the woman as she directed the children to the only chairs in the small waiting room. The boys fussed, and Senora Margoles let out a sharp rebuff that stifled the young children into silence.
“You must tell me about the new procedures you are performing in my theater. Please, both of you join me in the library as we await dinner.”
“On our date,” said Sherlock. “You implied my fellatio technique was an act of depravity, lewd. Like ‘something out of a porno’.
John settled on his knees in front of him and carefully took the engorged syringe from his elegant fingers. He carefully inserted the liquid back into the bottle.
The heat grew between them and the kisses became urgent. Both the men moaned into each other’s mouths as they refused to separate for even a moment, blissfully aware of every centimeter of skin that rubbed together, causing friction and desire and the need to fill each other up, to become one again.
"I don't know," answered John. "I mean, you've had past relationships. Everyone's different and likes different things. To each their own."
The man, who looked to be around forty years of age, approached John with the swagger of authority. He was muscular but graceful, his face rugged yet unconventionally handsome. His eyes were big and brown, his lashes full and dark, just like his shaggy hair. His jawline sported at least three days worth of scruff. He wore tanned trousers and a blue shirt with the sleeves rolled up. Dark chest hair peaked out of the V near his neck, since he'd failed to fasten the top two buttons.
There will be one more section called “Don’t Viscount Me Out”. It’ll be another five chapters, and will conclude the story. Ill post it asap.
Sherlock took off and John followed behind, looking a bit confused but curious as to where they were heading. They made their way back to the tube station, where Sherlock stopped and bought two coffees before they just made the train. John sipped the coffee continuously, the hot liquid perking him up.
John, who had never raised his voice in anger, kept muttering under his breath. “Unacceptable,” he said, noisily slamming a cabinet door and pulling out supplies. Most of the men took the opportunity to scatter, leaving Ahad behind.
Molly knew she was being obvious when, as soon as Sherlock opened the door, she bolted to the desk and made a great spectacle of finding her phone under a pile of papers. Her fumbling caused a smallish, leather bound book to drop to the floor. Sherlock froze when he saw it.
"No," he answered. He stood still and allowed Sherlock to hold and massage him. He eventually nestled his face in Sherlock's chest, gripping the front of his partner’s white button-down.
William’s back was to him in the tub (thank god) so he hung the towel over the back of the nearest chair.
“Hard, you said?” John smirked. He slowly rubbed up and down, feeling the member lengthen under his fingertips. Felipe’s head fell back as he exhaled, giving in to John's deliberate, devilish ministrations.
“Brook weighed his options, decided it was safer to take the headphones than to let the police find them. There was an excellent chance no one would know they were even missing, especially since the father wouldn’t be pressing for further investigation,” said Sherlock.  “The poison wouldn’t show up on the blood screen, and any remnants would be washed off in the shower. All he had to do was crawl up on the Sliver’s ledge, roll Carl him into the bathroom after he’d passed out and turn on the water.” He paused.  “Leaving the headphones for the police to find today, on the other hand, is rather perplexing,” he admitted.
“Mr. Steiler begs for you to return at once, Dr. Watson,” he said between gasping breaths. “An Englishwoman who just arrived is on her deathbed, and she refuses to see the local physician.”
"I ask you why you stopped playing," he says icily. "And your version of an answer was to turn into a wind-up monkey playing the fiddle." He groans into his hands. "You're all the same."
Sherlock sat up, trying to explain. “Watson, these are men on the cutting edge of scientific research. They don’t care about protocol or British society. Berlin is a rather modern city.”
The mist peppered the two men’s faces as they took in the giant spectacle. The falls themselves were majestic, the water plummeting off the jagged rocks into a swirling, foaming whirlpool below. The mere thought of taking a plummet off the side made John dizzy with terror.
John stiffened and immediately saluted him, but the man chuckled. “No need for that, lad.” His laughter quickly turned into a cough. John refilled the cup and Major Holmes drank it all down.
Sherlock glanced at the book and paused. He slowly picked it up and flipped to the page that had been earmarked to read.
John pointed the rifle and knocked a small rock off a fence post 1000 metres away. Bill whistled in awe.
“Meaning!” John answered, more emphatically than he intended. “Sherlock was...He was my best friend, my partner, my…” John felt the flush creeping into his cheeks. “He was bloody brilliant. He could see things others couldn't, and he was the wisest man I've ever known. But he was also a human being, and he had his faults, as we all do.”
Later that evening, Sherlock showed up at the flat. John had ignored every phone call and text Sherlock had sent. He hoped he at least wouldn’t turn him away in person.
Felipe stood up and gathered the shorter man close. His large hands cradled his neck as he kissed him softly.
“I burn for you,” he whispered. “I blamed buried memories. I blamed misplaced gratitude. I chastised myself for being unable to quell my most basic, primal instincts, like
Sherlock looked confused. “But you could have reconsidered. Even the queen gives you twenty-four hours to change your mind. Surely a life of service was preferable to serving in her majesty’s army.”
They briefly shook hands as Victor nodded toward the front door. “Come on. I’ll show you where Beginner band meets.”
He had a needle in one hand and a vial in the other. His crystal eyes flashed with fear and shame as he watched John hover in the doorway.
“John, this whole situation isn’t fair, to anyone," said Felipe. "I just keep thinking, if my Penelope reappeared, out of nowhere...it has to be very hard for you.”
William sat the book aside and opened another bottle of wine. He refilled their cups and took a generous swig from his own.
“Not so much,” said Wiggins. “He targets certain players. Can’t find any rhyme or reason to it. I haven’t seen anyone humiliated like that in a while.”
Victor disappears, and Sherlock is beside himself. John doesn’t take the outcome of his first surgery well.
“Yes. And he in return saved mine,” said John. “I’ve got a job, a place to live, food to eat. I am sitting in a beautiful meadow drinking wine.” He started giggling. “I fear I’m half drunk.”
“I can sleep anywhere as well,” Felipe said, nodding at the hard, straighback chair. “Once I slept standing up through a Cavalry charge.”
“Not in the slightest,” Sherlock said emphatically. "I’m not accustomed to...” Flirtation? Attention? Being touched? “Forgive me.”
“Must we sit here?” John whispered breathlessly. “Let’s go back to the room so I can rip your clothes off.”
John held the slender man down as his lips took the other testicle into his mouth, leaving the first wet and glistening. Sherlock spread his long legs even wider and moaned loudly.
Sherlock was thoroughly confused. Everything he knew about Raibert was being turned completely on its head. This was a man concerned for his safety, for his well-being. He'd protected him from those horrible men. Sherlock leaned into him.
“No, sir,” replied John. “I’m medical staff. Assistant surgeon in training. Assigned to the front lines because I can shoot.”
John poured himself a glass of claret and settled into his chair with his book. He had secretly been reading Wilkie Collins's
John’s anger and resentment had overwhelmed him the evening he’d forced himself on Sherlock. The memory was so painful he could barely bring himself to think on it. He’d spent much more time at the apothecary since then. He was emotionally raw, and he didn’t trust himself anymore. John felt like his insides were rotting away, just like Sherlock’s body, the thin frame a constant reminder of his failure to protect and care for his lover.
He even let himself entertain the idea of travel. Mr. Thomas had urged him to write Agnes, and she had responded quickly, saying she’d be delighted if he’d visit.
Wiggins whipped around as Professor Brook approached the two young men. Sherlock scrambled to his feet. Brook placed a hand on the young musician’s neck.
Sherlock relished the look of shock on his former valet’s face as the words sunk in. He knew he was being cruel, but he also needed those drugs. He couldn’t live without them. John, well, John would eventually forgive him... or at least the odds were he would.
He felt huge hands massaging his behind, then a finger gently rubbing along his center. Raibert’s slick tongue began probing his mouth like the fingers now inside his arse. The fingers fucked him over and over until he found himself grinding down onto the Scotsman's hand, wanting more.
Sherlock watched John’s stoic expression hint at embarrassment. He looked down at his cane, and positioned himself to stand up even taller.
Yet every morning since Christmas, Sherlock waited for John to walk through his door. He'd greet him still dressed in his robe, gently pressing the handsome valet up against the door, nuzzling his warm lips and nose against his neck to breathe him in. John would melt into him, and slowly their mouths would meet, kisses soft and gentle, a crackling fire and the rustle of clothing the only sounds in the room.
John buried his face in Sherlock’s neck, and Sherlock felt his breath quicken against him, his hips suddenly bucking hard against his narrow thighs. Sherlock whimpered, and John breathed out a “sorry” as he restrained himself, pulling back in his thrusts, his head collapsing into the pillow next to Sherlock’s ear. His tanned shoulders shook in temporary relief.
John woke Sherlock at the last possible moment for a ride back in the daylight.  They handed off the horses to the stable hands and began walking back to Land’s End.
John followed a narrow path between the rocks to look for shade. He rounded the corner and there, in the distance, he spotted a British soldier. He was on his knees with his hands tied behind his back.
There his mother lay, her eyes shut and her head bleeding. Her body was cocked at an odd angle and her breath was shallow and uneven. John knew something was terribly wrong.
The weather was dry and glorious and the sun shone brightly for the next two weeks. Sherlock’s progression to health was slow but steady. John hired men to pack up the house in the village for shipment back to Cornwall. Both men were determined to return to England as soon as humanly possible.
Donovan shrugged his shoulders. “That’s no skin off my teeth. Can the man still solve a murder is what I’d like to know.”
"Promise me you'll stay away from him," Sherlock pleaded again, pulling back and taking John’s face in his hands.
Peter led them up the stairs and to their room, which was a beautiful, two bedroom suite that, like the old man said, overlooked the river.
John smiled. “So you were keeping the Russians sidetracked while we established our place in Afghanistan. Makes sense,” he said. “Keeps them hundreds of miles away from the border of India. Brilliant.”
“Carl senior was desperate, and he decided it was worth a shot to go looking for the loot. He hired Brook to make a donation to the music school under another name so that construction on the new practice rooms could begin, leaving the catacombs empty. Carl senior vouched for Brook’s fake credentials and the school hired him to teach, putting him in the perfect position to look for the treasure without suspicion.”
Sherlock cracked a real smile for the first time in days. “I was bored,” he repeated, his eyes sparkling.
"Sherlock," warned John. He slammed his fist onto the counter in frustration, making the glasses jump and rattle. More importantly, it shocked Sherlock into answering.
When John awoke the next morning, he found Sherlock curled up next to him, breathing softly. The sheet had fallen to his hips, leaving his chest exposed and his soft cock peeking out from the bottom. John licked his lips. He had dreamt of Sherlock’s body all night in strange, broken scenarios that made no sense, except he knew he’d spent his entire sleep aroused and wanting more.
His broken Spanish didn’t seem to bother the old tailor, who produced a breathable fabric that John found he instantly desired. After measurements and a down payment, John thought he’d promised to return the day after next for his new trousers and shirts.
He resented William for tricking him, but he knew that the younger man’s actions at the pub were not the main cause of his anger. In fact, John was convinced William was truly sorry, words Sherlock would have rarely spoken allowed, especially if it had to do with extracting information he deemed important.
John nodded. “He’s seven feet tall, bald, a face only a mother could love.” He caught a glance of William’s battered neck, which was quickly swelling from the bruising, but William wasn’t complaining. “Come on, let’s get going. He can’t be too far ahead.”
John nodded. “My old comrade Stamford had opened a doctor’s office and said he could use some help but couldn’t afford to pay me much,” he said. “Then I contracted typhoid. I only lived because Stamford took care of me. I finally felt better but got kicked out of my bedsit for nonpayment. I slept on the street for a while." John's face flickered red with shame.  "I was too proud to tell my friend. I’d sometimes hide outside the bakery on Piccadilly and wait for them to throw out the stale bread, just so I didnt starve.”
John dropped to his knees beside Felipe and lowered himself down, looking over the edge. He frantically looked all over the depths of the bridge, the water rushing and crashing against the pillars as the wind roared.
Felipe held him close and kissed him, powerful hips threatening to grind up into his sex and end it all too quickly. John pulled off his own shirt and quickly undid Felipe's trousers, pulling them down to his knees.
Shock filled the young man’s face. “My lord, my deepest condolences. I am so very sorry. I didn't know.”
That evening, John found an abandoned catalogue on the servant's hall table. In the back were advertisements to cure all sorts of ailments.  One in particular caught the valet’s eye:
As the three men entered the courtyard, two were shocked to find police cars, a fire engine and an ambulance all parked with lights flashing in front of the old main hall.  One entire side of the entrance’s landscaping had been completely pulled, including the thick ivy that once hung over the now exposed ancient doorway. Men and women in hazmat suits walked in and out of the entrance carrying debris and evidence from below.
Holmes’s eyes twinkled at John’s lack of pride. “What did you do before joining her majesty’s army?” he asked.
John hopped up from his makeshift seat and followed William into the hallway. William slipped into his overcoat.
Luckily, Mycroft was watching him intently, his eyes about to bore a hole in John’s head. He quickly removed the glass from John’s hand before it shattered onto the floor.
He rose from the cot and quietly opened the door. The raucous was coming from outside the building. The voices were numerous, shouting in anger, then suddenly quieted down.
John was momentarily stunned at the sight of Captain Lestrade barely holding on to an unconscious Sherlock Holmes.
“I didn’t want to tell you because I thought it a surprise, but now I realize I didn’t quite think it through…”
"You taste so good, sweetheart," said John breathlessly, his tongue sinking deeper inside his lover’s sweet little arsehole as his fingers stretched perfect pale buttocks further apart.  Sherlock squirmed as John gripped his hips, John licked, kissed and fucked him with his tongue until he was writhing mess against the shower stall.
“Victor,” answered Sherlock. He played with John’s hands absently as his mind wandered back to his days as a British spy. “Our affair lasted two years. He was with the Russian army.”
Later, at that point in time where night begins to turn into day, Felipe reached for John in the darkness of the bedroom.
“Catacombs in London are rare,” he said, glancing up at the main hall. “Yet rumors persist there are treasures hidden within the tunnels or the coffins themselves. There’s an urban legend that states wealthy patrons hid their priceless possessions in these particular passages during World War II.”
One day, Mr Frank called for him, and John, expecting another round of wine preparation or plate measurements for a proper table setting, only saw concern on the butler’s face.
“It was good,” John said softly. “Better than good. Mr. Thomas finally recognized me. It felt good to catch up with…”
Sherlock released all over his hand, the tile and shower floor just as John came inside of him, filling him up with warm come, it mixing with the shower steam as it dripped down between his thighs.
So when the Spaniard uttered those three words one night, after they had made love on the floor of John’s bedroom (they never managed to make it to the bed), John easily said them back to him.
John cleared his throat, and stepped between them both. "Sherlock, this is my cousin Raibert. Who was supposed to be in Malta until Boxing Day."
Sherlock exhaled a breath he didn't know he was holding. His fingertips felt gently for John’s lips in the dark as he leaned down and kissed him, whispering “yes” as he melted into his embrace.
“Quite,” answered Sherlock. He looked Victor square in the eye. “I had no idea Maestro Brook was a man of so many talents.” He leaned, his lips near the older student’s reddening ear. “He is lucky to have you as his confidant, nem fielaan?”
John tried to explain. “It’s just for someone like me, who has spent his life in service to suddenly be sitting here instead of standing over there, eating off a silver tray instead of serving it, wearing silk instead of brushing it...” He trailed off.
The doctor hurried back in and put his ear to her chest. “Her lungs are filling with blood,” he said.
John nipped at his hip, leaving bright red marks behind as he wiggled a third finger alongside his other two.
The old man howled with glee as he rushed forward to embrace the young surgeon. He squeezed him so hard it pushed the breath clean out of John’s lungs.
Dimmock gave him a quick wink as he hurried off with his hat and bag. Irene wandered in along with Mycroft.
“I know you do, John.” Felipe rubbed his large hands wearily over his face. He motioned for John to sit with him on a small bench near a grove of trees. Once they were hidden, he took John’s hand and clasped it between both of his own.
When Sherlock finally broke the silence, he ran his fingers over the top of John’s hair, smoothing it from the sea breeze ruffling it about. He smiled admiringly at John.
“My lords,” he bowed slightly. “I beg forgiveness for interrupting your day. My name is John Watson, and it is his lordship the Earl I respectfully request a word.”
“Do you like my new bespoke trousers, John?” growled Sherlock. “I had them made especially for you.” Sherlock’s face was centimeters from John’s.
By the time John had finished with William’s arm, the younger man was nearly drowsy with pain. He offered some laudanum but he refused.
“Wanderlust,” Felipe rumbled, his accent rumbling delicately over the “r”. “I believe that is what the English call it?”
It was that moment that something snapped in John. For months he had felt helpless, angry, and exhausted from the daily grind of living with someone who was slowly destroying himself. He was scared more than anything, but his desperation mixed with the sudden pain in his jaw filled him with uncontrollable rage.
“For the past year, I’ve been running from something I did. Or rather, something that I failed to do,” he said weakly. He laid his head back against the stone wall to rest for a moment before he continued. “Instead of facing this...mistake...I let it manifest itself in ways that completely destroyed my life, and it hurt the people that I love most in this world.”
John slipped one of Sherlock’s nipples into his mouth and sucked. Sherlock brought his hand to the back of John’s neck and pulled him off.  Their eyes locked in a challenge of wills.
William shifted even closer, as if it would make it easier for John to touch him, to make sure sure he understood that he wanted this.
“Oh yeah?” John responded, as if indifferent. He wasn’t quite sure what William knew about Sherlock’s past, but he was done volunteering things.
Felipe mouthed and flicked at the puckered entrance then pressed firmly inside. John gasped and gripped the slats of the headboard. He pressed himself back into the Spaniard’s jaw, deepening the breach and impaling himself on the man’s tongue.
John licks his lips, trying to keep his focus, but is nevertheless distracted by Sherlock's gleaming pale thighs and slender prick jostling right in front of him. He sits on his hands to keep himself from reaching forward and direct that long, delicious cock straight into his now salivating mouth.
William was sitting in one of the two chairs in the parlour with a long wooden box on his lap. He caressed the box like it was a long lost treasure.
He watched one of the stable boys lead Sherlock’s old mare around the posts. Greyed and obviously arthritic, she stumbled forward in pain, unable to enjoy her daily exercise. The sight made John wince in sympathy.
Sherlock felt the cock fill him up. He fought against his reflexes, tried his best to open wide and relax, but he failed and choked. John let up, air filling Sherlock's lungs as he gasped.
Sherlock’s entire body shook as he drew in a long breath, helpless as John hooked his shaking leg over an arm to spread his narrow thighs. Fingers reached between to massage his tight, smooth testicles. A palm worked its way up to his neglected sex to deliver firm, delicious strokes. John kissed him everywhere as he played with Sherlock's lithe, undernourished body. Sherlock reached back, digging his fingernails into the back of John’s thick neck.  A pair of sun-kissed hands fondled his pubic hair and teased his opening.
The Golem laid on his back, staring up in the night sky, the rain pummeling his face and washing the blood from his broken lip in a red trail down his neck.
Felipe glared at him for a moment, then turned to Donovan and grabbed the rope, wrapping it around his waist twice.
Sherlock’s face fell. He nervously played with his brandy snifter. “If you are having second thoughts, of course, I can arrange travel back to England.”
“When we took your mother on,” she continued, “It was agreed that you would stay as long as she stayed.”
John nursed her through days and nights of it, but her poor body finally gave out. She drew her final breath not six weeks after Sherlock had disappeared into the falls.
As the carriage approached the small building, it was noticeably unlit. No guard was in sight, and it looked to be abandoned. The men tumbled out of the cab and lit their lanterns, approaching the guardhouse with caution.
John walked in to find his lordship standing in front of a large wooden crate. He was still in his robe, and he had a crowbar jammed in one side of the box.
John turned and fled without a word up the stairs to their suite. He darted into the bedroom and pulled open the end table drawer.
John watched as Felipe gave a few hard thrusts into his own palm and doubled over, his breath hitching as a groan escaped from deep in his throat. He managed to prop himself up from the floor with his one clean hand, the other still cupped in his trousers.
"I know what you need," growled John, as he sat up and tossed Sherlock's shirt across the room. He pulled his own t-shirt swiftly over his head and settled back on top of Sherlock, capturing the young man's lips with his own and kissing him passionately. Trousers and pants soon followed the fate of the shirts, and Sherlock found himself, for the first time, completely naked and breathless in bed with another human being.
Donovan hesitated, as if he wasn’t quite sure what he was getting into, then sighed and stepped into his office.
John hiked his bag up over his shoulder and opened the front door. His face was again stoic, his voice calm.
John backed up and grabbed Sherlock’s hand, pulling him along. Sherlock took a step with him, then stopped.
“He didn’t show up for dinner,” John said, his unease growing. “Mr Turner, has Mr Holmes been home at all this evening?
“John,” he whispered. “I need you.” He stroked firmly over John’s hardening body, his fingers travelling up his chest.
The two men ate in silence while listening to the sounds of the wind rustle the grass and limbs. John finished his sandwich and slid to the ground, his back reclining against the cool rock.
Sherlock walked into the library and immediately poured himself a drink. He took one look at it and placed it back down onto the bar.
Sherlock cut him off, whirling around the carriage like a mad man. “That’s why she dismissed you John. Your mother must have used the knowledge as leverage to gain employment. A vicar’s widow, a young child - it all makes sense now!”
“Ah, thank you,” the man answered softly. “Our largest donor is hosting a dinner on Friday evening that I was planning to attend with my wife.”
“Mm, one of them, at least,” said Felipe, barely glancing at statue. “We’ll come in to the village for the Good Friday parade next week. My only advice is to stay out of the kitchen. My sister is the empress of the pots and pans, and her punishment is swift and painful.”
“I’m going to make you ready for me,” he said softly. “I’m going to open you up even more with my fingers, until you can take my cock.”
“John, I barely cough anymore,” he scolded. “Besides, once I start harvesting the honey, it should disappear altogether. Honey is excellent for coating the throat.”
He was so thin, skin pasty, prominent cheekbones exacerbating the gaunt patches along his jawline. His hair was so slick with oil that his curls had disappeared.
John was quiet for a moment, as if not convinced, but finally said, “Alright then. I’ll see you Saturday. Text me if you get bored.”
He recognizes the visitor, and attempts in vain to form a coherent sentence. "Sorry...I'm, I'm sorry --”
"That means you're kipping on the sofa, my cousin!" said Raibert good-naturedly.  "And my first chore will be to wash my sheets. They must be filthy. I'm sure Johnny's shagged you rotten many a night."
“Don’t say that,” John said sharply. He reached up and held Sherlock’s curly head in his hands. “Don’t. Not ever.”
Sherlock had arranged to stay in one of the facilities for visiting professors, as traveling back and forth to a hotel would have been too inconvenient and time-consuming since he planned to spend all of his time at the conference. The sessions didn’t officially begin until the next morning, but there was an informal mingling of sorts that evening at the Universität.
“Please,” he whispered. “I've reconciled the fact I will never take the place of him in your heart. I'll never be the wisest man you've ever known. I can't compete with the legend of Sherlock Holmes because I'll never win.”
“Why? So I can help him carry a tray or collect his lordship's clothing off the floor?” remarked Anderson.
The piece was as beautiful as Sherlock remembered, but it was quick, and impossibly hard. He kept up, but was hard pressed to do so.
In the evening, William would play his violin and John would read. His playing improved with every piece, and soon it was if he’d been practicing for decades.
Sherlock quickly returned to his seat as everyone began to whisper. The director stepped back onto the podium and rapped the baton against the music stand.
“It’ll strip Matthew of the title, since you are the rightful heir. Oh I can’t wait to see the look on that devious old woman’s face -”
“A suspect we arrested yesterday, a Mrs. Tupplebottom, hung herself in the holding cell this morning. She tore her dress, made a makeshift noose. It wasn’t pretty.”
“How’d you know?” Sherlock immediately turned on the charm with a big grin, though it didn’t quite reach his eyes.
William winced, his shoulders sinking into his already too-thin frame. For a man in his late thirties, he looked young and unsure of himself. He turned towards the door.
John held Sherlock against his chest and slowed his breaths. The young nobleman began to calm himself with each inhale and exhale.
John shuffled a little, leaning more on his good, left leg. Sherlock, who had been silently watching the exchange behind Roberts, surmised that the man was in significant pain. He stoically continued to hold himself up, and addressed Mycroft with summoned strength. “Your father, his lordship...we crossed paths during the war. He offered me employment should I find myself in Land’s End.”
“This place,” said John, panting. “This place is a catacomb.” It was painfully obvious that John was patiently talking himself out of any other possible, more morbid theories.
“Oh God,” gasped Sherlock, as he struggled to see John's hand expertly working his prick. He dared not move much for fear he'd come too quickly. He wanted this to last as long as possible.
"Didn't you hear, dear cousin? They evacuated the island. Terrorist attack. All non essential personnel were deported."
No one argued with the housekeeper, and instead traipsed one by one up the stairs and into the sitting room.
“Would any of Mrs. Hudson’s needlework have been stored away?” he asked. “I’m specifically looking for her handkerchiefs she used to embroider for Sherlock. I have stacks of them in London, but I'd like them on hand now, if possible.”
“You misunderstand,” replied Sherlock. “I sent Mycroft a telegram letting him in on your situation. He called in some favors.” Sherlock paused. “You’ve been appointed a two-year surgical fellowship in Edinburgh starting in the new year.”
John laid there, wide awake, guilt-ridden and terrified. Ahad’s cries of grief played over and over in his mind.
John awoke early the next morning at William’s side. He’d once again slept in the chair next to the bed, and his back was beginning to revolt. He needed to lie down.
Felipe built a small cabin near the olive grove along the creek, a little one room structure with a huge porch and two chairs. They often went fishing and cooked supper what they caught. With Francesca's help, John now made a decent paella.
He firmly pushed his large cock into the small, fluttering hole. Felipe pulled him down and kissed him hard as he continued to slide inside, until his pelvis was flush with the back of his lover's thighs.
Sherlock’s hand rubbed though the silk along his waist. The sensation made John pull back, breaking the kiss.
Sherlock pressed the smaller man to the floor as he kissed him passionately, his large hands holding onto John’s jawline, unable to hold back any longer the desire to taste him, to consume him, to love him.
Players walking by slowed to listen, faces eager to hear news. Sherlock mouthed to them all “he’s doing great! Full recovery expected!”as he leaned into the phone, pretending to hear. “Victor, everyone wants to say hi!” He held up his phone, and everyone yelled their salutations and wished him well. “Did you hear that? Yeah, wait, you’re breaking up, hold on -” He winked at his fellow players and made like he was going outside. The crowd dispersed and entered into the classroom. He could already hear the chatter about Victor’s recovery.
“I understand,” John replied sympathetically. “We could try the village, and if you’re uncomfortable, leave?”
Sherlock disappeared as he said he would, engrossed in the conference while John relished the quiet privacy of the suite.  He spent a good part of the day writing and eating a tremendous amount of the complimentary sausage and cheese left by the housekeeper. After washing up he headed out and flagged a cab to take him to Friedrichstraße. He drank a delicious pale ale at the Bierhaus Siechen beer palace and practised German with a few old gentlemen standing outside one of the supply shops. As the afternoon sun lowered in the sky he sat and attempted to sketch a beautiful old baroque building. He finally gave up after the dusty air kept causing him to sneeze and mess up his lines.
He walked back into the center of the road, and tucked the paper and pencil into the crook of his arm.
“Thank you so much,” said John, taking his wages and the food. He kissed the housekeeper and the cook goodbye and walked out of the hall, only to be stopped by Mr Thomas.
But John was silent, seemingly struggling with his next action. He finally closed his eyes and said, “Will that be all, m’lord?”
Throughout dinner, John felt strange sitting with Sherlock while others served him. The food was delicious. Friedrich was joined by another colleague, Fritz Marchiarch, also a scientist. All three were talking shop in German. John enjoyed his dessert and people watched until the men had worn themselves out.
With much effort, John composed himself. He forced himself not to look back as he headed to the village below.
John’s laughter trailed off as he thought about the question. Had he been sober, he would have panicked at how fully unprepared he was to discuss the matter. Apart from the actual scandalous facts, John was sure Mycroft had purposely left him out of the narrative that was Sherlock’s life. Why he wasn’t sure, but most likely it was due to his desire to protect his younger brother from becoming overwhelmed.
The men walked along the dark London sidewalk towards Baker Street. The smell of  rain approaching was in the wind as it blew cool air across the city. Thick clouds covered the sky as streaks of lightening lit it up in flashes, followed by the rumble of thunder.
“A surgeon? One, you are good with your hands, steady, and two, you have small hands, surgeon hands. If you hadn’t decided to become a surgeon someone would have eventually suggested it. You still study your first-year anatomy textbook but it's nowhere near exam time, so you are on rotations, mostly on your own. You’re practice year is approaching, so you want to be prepared."
A collective sigh of relief swept through the silence as Ahad, looking rather pale, stumbled inside with John Watson hot on his heels. The acting surgeon made a beeline for Felipe, his expression dissolving from concern to anger.
He gathered himself up from his chair with some difficulty. He was achy from the run in with Dzundza and needed to go to bed. Just as he had stumbled through the bedroom door he heard the buzzer go off downstairs.
Felipe had given John a kind word, and John had been starving for it. And the way the Spaniard had looked at him- John was immediately drunk on the attention. Tall, broad chested and muscular, he was the opposite of Sherlock’s lithe, pale frame. Felipe desired him. Appreciated him. Felipe made him a surgeon. Felipe wanted to protect him, touch him, to be inside him…
When he arrived back at the suite, he wrote down every detail he could remember before falling fast asleep.
John stood up on his tiptoes and pressed his lips to Sherlock’s. “I want you to fuck me,” he said sadly. “Hurt me,” he whispered, shrugging off the Belstaff and pulling his shirt over his head and shucking his sweatpants. He began unbuttoning Sherlock’s Oxford.
He suddenly fell forward onto John, his atrophied and malnourished body temporarily shutting down. John propped him back up and held him.
The violin is under Sherlock’s chin in a flash. He works through the scales, then dives into arpeggios.
John eagerly watched the perspiration gather along his lover’s dark hairline, the hair beginning to revert back to it’s wild, curly state from the humidity and exertion.
That evening, Sherlock stood in front of an off-campus housing complex, and rang the buzzer for room 301 next to where the name “Trevor” was written in messy black ink.
It's Sherlock's first day of class. He smokes with his resident advisor Billy Wiggins, who warns him his room might be haunted by the ghost of Carl Powers, and tells him to stay far away from Richard Brook. Of course, Sherlock doesn't listen.
Sherlock did not expect Brook to address his absence immediately, but that’s exactly what he did. He stepped up onto the podium, his eyes swollen, his cheeks red. He braced himself against his music stand with both hands, and reluctantly addressed the band.
Sherlock leaned forward and earnestly whispered, "Then touch me. I want to feel you everywhere." He placed a chaste kiss on John's lips. "Only you."
They kissed and necked and explored each other, finally collapsing onto the sofa. Sherlock rolled on top of John’s smaller, compact frame and gathered his stiff, large member alongside his own, wrapping his long fingers around them both. Quick breaths and low, satisfied groans followed as they both rutted madly against each other, lips crashing together over and over until one released, the other following immediately after.
They stood that way for a long time, until John broke the silence with a sudden, heartbreaking sob. His once firm grip dissolved as his strong, solid shoulders shook with emotion. He sagged against Sherlock’s chest, tears soaking the young man’s shirt.
Sherlock felt the warmth of John’s palm surround his own as they turned around and carefully began the journey back to the entrance. John kept his other hand along the wall, leading the way.
William had the book under one arm, the other carefully outstretched away from his body. The stitching was perfect, but the wound looked raw and painful. Before John could respond, he ducked inside the room and softly closed the door.
He flipped over onto his side and shut his eyes, hoping in vain sleep would find him before the sunrise.
“The moment of truth,” said Sherlock, raising an eyebrow at John. He tugged at the door - and it open.
John had his hands buried in his pockets, his head down, face tucked deeply into his coat as he walked. His eyes were downcast, as if he truly wished he were anywhere else.
Later that day, like he had done a dozen times before, John sat down next to Sherlock on the small cot. He pressed his palm to a pale forehead.
The words were so hollow they almost echoed inside the small sitting room. John cleared his throat and shifted uncomfortably in his chair.
Sherlock scrambled up the same way. He found Billy Wiggins stretched out on a long narrow ledge overlooking an overgrown garden. The roofline of the dorm hid the ledge from view, and several long, unkempt branches from old oak trees kissed the rim of the slab of stone.
“We’re not here to take your supplies,” said the officer. He removed his helmet, revealing a shock of silver, shaggy hair. His kind eyes offset his oversized jaw. A set of well-kept teeth sparkled between his lips. “We received word there was a crazy Englishman here with a gun. That you?” he inquired gruffly, his eyes surveying John.
Sherlock closed his eyes. He felt strong arms holding him, a huge cock pound up into him over and over and over, and his throat burned, and he sobbed as that gigantic prick made him come untouched so hard and for so long that he cried out, “John, ooooh Jooohhhnn!”
It was pure chaos at the Royal Concert Hall, with parents, friends, children, players, and all kinds of instruments heavily populating the corridors. Sherlock pushed past the mob and into the assigned practice room. Most of the orchestra was there, warming up. He found Victor in the corner polishing his violin, alone.
“Medicine!” he said, smiling. “For you.” He pried open the crate, and inside, in pristine condition, were a month’s worth of medical supplies.
“Oh, God, fuck,” he said between gasps of breath. “Hold on,” he said, as he jumped off the bed and disappeared momentarily into the bathroom. He came back out, the condom gone and the sweat wiped off of his face. He carried with him a damp flannel.
Soon, John became a fixture with all of Sherlock’s cases, the detective finding his doctor an invaluable resource. John began writing about the cases for record keeping purposes only. He'd enjoyed writing since boyhood, but rarely had the time or inclination. Now, he spent evenings writing about The Hound, or The Woman, or his personal favorite, the real Mr. Garrideb. He shared them only with close friends and family, who always heaped praise over the adventures.
“Sherlock!” A police officer approached the two young men. “I’ve been calling and texting you all bloody day. Where the fuck where have you been?” he said impatiently. He stopped to size up John. “Who’s this?”
“Dr. Watson, you have been ill for quite some time. God as my witness, we have done everything in our power to find Mr. Holmes.”
The image was a bit smeared for John’s taste, but he could clearly make out a man wrapped in a bunch of blankets sitting on top of a large animal with four long legs and an even longer neck.
The butler, whom John did not recognize, introduced them as Dr. John Watson and The Honourable Sherlock Holmes. No one batted an eye, even as several members of the family greeted them. Servants wordlessly took their jackets and placed their hats in the hall. The parlour was eerily just as John remembered it. A young (and very tall) footman appeared with a silver tray and served them champagne in crystal flutes. Sherlock raised his eyebrows at John and grinned as he took a glass from the tray.
Sherlock rolled over and gave John a brief, reassuring kiss on the lips. John peered at him through the dark, barely able to trace the outline of his face.
“You are nothing of the sort,” huffed Sherlock. “You’re the bravest, wisest man I’ve ever known.” He abruptly sat up, rubbing his fingers against his lips, thinking.
"I’ve obtained multiple credits in Chemistry from Cambridge, but I was expelled before I could complete my terminal degree. And I'm studying forensics on my own at the moment. I have catalogued thousands of soil samples throughout London and I just completed an analysis of tobacco ash.”
Sherlock was jostled out of his thoughts by a swelling of whispers around him. The director was still working with the brass in the back of the room. Half of the players were craning their necks towards the right for a better look at the front entrance.
“Nope, Brook disappeared,” answered Lestrade angrily as they approached one of the police cars. Lestrade retrieved a cardboard evidence box from the trunk and placed it on the hood. Inside were dozens of plastic bags filled and sealed, but one caught Sherlock’s eye. He reached in and pulled it out.
John’s vision went black. He came so hard he didn’t even remember coming he came so hard.  After catching his breath he carefully pulled out Sherlock , who was grinning from ear to ear, staring at John. John made his way to the bathroom to clean up and returned with a glass of water.
There was a knock at the door exactly one hour later. John opened the door to find Mycroft standing on the other side, dressed in black three piece suit, a red tie and holding a watch connected to a gold chain.
“I don’t know whether to feel honored you're sharing this with me or horrified that it’s being wasted on my amateur palate.”
John’s face flushed with embarrassment as his hand continuously rubbed his jaw. “I’m really sorry about this.”
He looked around. The room was pitch-black except for a streak of moonlight beaming through the crack in the curtains.
“I was in Cuba,” he said softly. “We were marching and were attacked from all sides by the rebels. In the confusion, I was shot by my comrade,” he said. He then chuckled to himself. “I was so angry, I remember thinking that I would kill him after the battle. He knelt down to help me, but a bullet struck him from behind.” Felipe’s expression turned cloudy as he remembered. “He fell into my lap. The back of his skull was completely...it was gone.”
“Thank you, Watson,” said Major Holmes. “If it weren’t for you, I’d not have the chance to see my sons again.” The major began to cough again.
A fresh wave of relief troops finally poured forward at daybreak. The Royal Horse Artillery flew by the soldiers, shouting and galloping and blowing their horns. In the disarray John found himself near the foot of a mountain. He hobbled over to get out of the way and to rest his body against the cool rock. It was abnormally hot for the time of year and his canteen was almost empty. He was afraid of the hot sun rising in the east.
“Would you like to walk with me into the village? It won’t take along. We need some provisions for supper.”
John looked back and forth between the doctor and his mother, his face filled with grief. “What should I do?”
A few mumbled “amen” while others fought back sniffles. The room grew quiet, as Brook bowed his head.
That was a possibility, John thought. William took things to heart more so than Sherlock ever had. But if that were the case, he would have already returned.
“And you feel you’ve found the right subject to study now? Your music?” said Brook with a wave of his pale hand. “Not going to quit this too, are you?”
“It’s not your concern, John.” Felipe stood up and took a sip of his coffee. “Forget what you heard.”
“I think she fell,” said Liza. “I heard a terrible crash, and I found her at the bottom of the stairs.” She began to weep.
“The storage closet, next to our rehearsal space. He said I’d do as I was told, or he’d make sure the authorities found out I was in the UK illegally. He said I’d be shipped back to Syria or thrown in prison.” He closed his eyes for a moment. “I told him he wouldn’t dare, because I’d tell everyone who he was.”
“Here,” said Mr Thomas, handing him a letter. “My sister’s pub is in Currie, just outside of Edinburgh. Give her this, and she’ll give you shelter for as long as she can.”
“Name’s Anderson,” he said. “I don’t care what your name is. But you’re my second chair, and your job is to turn pages and stay out of my way.”
Molly sighed as she picked up the tray, but upon entered the living room, she found it empty, save for Sherlock standing on the sofa, staring at his photographs pinned to the wall.
Friedrich and Fritz had obviously had a lot of drink as they giggled and stumbled along the pavement. They turned into an alley as John gently gripped Sherlock by the arm and eased him back.
William rubbed his curls against John’s forehead. He could feel the breath of the taller man on his lips.
"Oooh Goddd," groaned John as Sherlock fucked him so good, their eyes locked as they moved together. Sherlock leaned in to kiss him deeply every few seconds as he thrusted harder into him, pushing his thighs wider, forcing himself deeper inside John’s tight little arse. He felt the spasms around him before he heard John's breath stop, and then warm come spilled between them, soaking their bellies as he continued to fuck up into John from the floor. He held John in place, his arms in a vice around his solid shoulders as he fucked him and fucked him and fucked him until he was coming with an intensity he’d never felt before.
“Thank you, Mr. Holmes” John answered. His heart was beating like mad, but he was determined to appear calm and collected. He settled in front of the fire while Sherlock rang for service.
John chuckled. “Alright. But I can’t believe you’re stealing my housekeeper away. I’m assuming you're moving back to Berwick.”
She jumped when a deep voice directly behind her said: “You didn’t accidentally leave your phone here.”
Sherlock, as if reading his mind, rose up and gathered John’s hands, threading his fingers into his. John braced him with extended arms as Sherlock pulled himself to his knees. John watched his body emerge from Sherlock’s tight bottom, exposed and wet and red.
A couple of drinks in and both young men were relaxed and deeply discussing a case involving two young homosexuals and a double murder that was, Sherlock declared, "terribly romantic". His face was lit up like a Christmas tree as he put the pieces together of the torrid, tragic love story based on facts from the papers and from what they could each find online.
John visibly trembled with rage. His chest heaved as he glared at the older man, as if searching for the most vile, piercing words imaginable.
The baton came down so hard on his back that Sherlock dropped his bow. It stung no worse than the shock, but tears still sprung into the backs of Sherlock's eyes.
“It’s alright,” whispered Sherlock against John’s trembling lips. Sherlock pressed his chest against him.
“Yes, it’s supposed to be quite a spectacle,” said Sherlock, reaching into his jacket pocket and handing John two tickets. “These are complimentary operetta tickets at the Apollo-Theater for Saturday evening. I won’t be going, but please feel free to use them as you like.”
He began to run, and grabbed the bar along the door, hoisting himself up onto the steps of the carriage. John took a step back and grabbed him around the waist to steady him.
Sherlock suddenly spoke, his baritone filling the silence and forcing Mycroft and Roberts to turn around. “Are you the soldier who secured his safety in battle?”
John enveloped William into a crushing hug, holding him tightly against his breast, running his fingers through his dark curls and feeling the warmth of his body against him.
“Hold your bloody horses!” John commanded. Sherlock stopped and turned around just in time to see John pull something metal out of his rucksack and tuck it into the back of his jeans. He pulled down his jumper. “Okay, ready,” he said, leading the way.
His shoulders shook with a few quiet sobs. “I’m sorry, I’m so sorry” he managed, his voice strained and muffled.
Large, gentle hands spread warmly over his shoulders. He leaned back, the tip of his head dipping slightly into Sherlock’s silk pajama top.
Both men decidedly dozed together on the couch before finally moving to the bed to settle in early for the night. They both started out separate with their backs turned, but awoke the next morning wrapped in each other's arms and legs, sweaty and comfortable and completely content.
John’s heart was beating so fast and his breath had quickened to the point he was worried he might faint. Never in his life had he read such outrageous claims. How was it possible this was published?
“Goodnight,” John answered, still annoyed. He drained his own glass and poured himself a fourth glass. He was feeling good and comfortable now.
Sherlock took the pills and drank the entire bottle of water in a series of nonstop gulps. John reached up and began smoothing out Sherlock’s wild curls with his fingers.
“I can’t delay any longer,” he said, a bit of regret in his voice. “My men have indulged me, but now it’s time we head home.”
“Let’s have a proper dinner,” Sherlock said quietly. His cool hand wrapped around John’s warm one. “Would you like that?”
Sherlock jonesed for a cigarette as his head throbbed, and Mycroft’s confessions of brotherly love were not helping. He angrily snapped back. “I don’t need you to worry, and I don’t need your help.”
“To let you know your friend Victor is quite safe,” he said sincerely. “And to congratulate you. I never thought you had it in you, baby brother. To masquerade as a student to capture a criminal mastermind, though rather unconventional, I’m still quite proud.”
The morning rides were no longer a solo adventure as the two men took off together to explore the estate. Sherlock had started collecting leaves for the students’ lesson on plant life. John had begun writing again, something he enjoyed immensely. He’d sometimes catalogue Sherlock’s observations, and other times he’d write about the estate and its beauty and history.  Sometimes he’d sketch the landscape. He'd even sketched Sherlock a few times when he was sure he wasn't looking.
The water was hot and glorious as it poured over the two young men’s cold and clammy skin. John wasted no time in massaging Sherlock's dark curls into a mess of suds. The soap mixed with the shower stream became obscenely slick. John dipped his fingers into the cleft of Sherlock's behind, soaping the inside of the young man's body just as his tongue slipped firmly into Sherlock's hot, open mouth. Rivulets of water trickled from Sherlock's long eyelashes and down his pink-stained cheekbones, his hair dark and slicked back, exposing his long graceful neck, his slender fingers holding onto John, balancing himself against the onslaught of pleasure now wracking his body.
"My boy, taking pleasure in beating your brother in public. It's not decent," she said, but a smile played on the edge of her lips as she ran her hand in a motherly way through Sherlock's curls.
“Thank you, Mr. Steiler,” said John as he extended his hand. The old man shook it enthusiastically. “Quite beautiful I must say.” He breathed deeply while admiring the snow capped mountains and crisp air. “It's already a pleasure.”
“Carl grew up half his life in Munich,” said Wiggins. “Musicians knew him from the time he was in grammar school until he graduated secondary.” He shook his head. “It didn’t add up.”
The man began to cough and then groan. John got out of bed and went to fetch the man some water. He took the cup gratefully from John’s hands and swallowed it down.
John stopped. Sherlock could hear him turning around. A strong hand was suddenly on his waist, warm breath on his neck.
He lowered his lamp and pulled off his nightshirt. As he slid into bed, he sighed at how good the cool sheets felt against his bare skin. John pushed the covers down to his knees and cupped his half-hard penis gently, slowly rubbing it up and down.
"Funny, you strike me as someone who could probably do whatever he wanted and be successful at it," John said thoughtfully.
A hint of confusion fills Sherlock’s fine features before he nods and positions his instrument under his chin. He chooses a difficult piece he has practiced many times, his agile frame slowly relaxing into the flow of the music, moving in time with the notes.  The swell of the crescendo is deafening, soulful, and beautiful as it descends softly, the ending, light, lovely as the last note floats away. Sherlock lowers the violin, and looks hopefully at Brook.
Sherlock leaned in and kissed John sweetly. The kiss lingered as their mouths refused to separate, their tongues touching and dancing between their swollen, wet lips. Sherlock moaned softly as he pressed his hands into John’s chest. He heard the rustle of John’s chest hair against the cotton. He tugged at the nightshirt just as John pulled away.
“Will you take over?” Sherlock suddenly asked. He trembled as he twisted his hips, not wanting to admit how awkward he felt.
He reached over the shorter man and closed the door to the bedroom. His long fingers threaded through the back of John’s hair as he slowly massaged his scalp.
Sherlock sits on the couch, wrapped in a white sheet and looking miserable. His violin is laying the coffee table. Mrs. Hudson enters with a tray of biscuits and tea.
The Spaniard forced himself to remain upright until he found the strength to push John’s leg off of his body. He collapsed onto his back, next to his perspiring and ravished lover.
Sherlock nodded. “Raibert was suddenly there, and he pulled them off of me.” Sherlock looked up, his pale eyes glassy. “He helped me up, got me some drinks to calm me down. And later it just...happened.”
A dozen hard, quick thrusts and John saw rainbows. He orgasmed long and hard, the heat and tightness from Felipe’s body overwhelming him to the point of ecstatic pleasure.
All at once he felt safe and desired. When John kissed him, touched him, whispered to him, his mind finally quieted down. All of his keen senses welcomed John's smell, his touch, his breath. A hand grazing the slope of his hip, a soft nibble on his ear drove him mad.
John stood silently, waiting to be addressed. The marchioness continued to sip her tea, obviously in no hurry to get on with whatever she had summoned John to discuss.
“That’s true,” answered Wiggins. “The rooms were finally condemned. It gave me a bloody headache, all the mold and dust down there. Can’t say I was sad when they filled it in and opened the new floor.” He sighed. “But then Brook showed up and we all had to start watching each other’s backs.”
Sherlock winced at the pain, but continued to remove his shirt. He hung it up on the coat rack and sat back down, hanging his head in embarrassment. This had escalated past the point of return. Wiggins was right. Brook was dangerous.
Sherlock shook his head no and sat down carefully. He glanced at John, the old phone and glass of water. It was obvious he had worked the hospital night shift, had not slept well, and was dying for a cup of coffee.
Raibert leaned in and gently brushed his lips against Sherlock's. Sherlock responded, kissing him back ever so softly. And then suddenly, Raibert pulled back, looking shocked.
“This happens a lot when you let yourself sleep, yeah?” asked John, though it was more of a statement than a question.
“You’ve said that twice,” said Sherlock. “You’re planning to be a professional musician. How is Maestro Richard Brook of Cromwell Music Conservatory a nobody?”
“Don’t be long,” John answered, pulling Sherlock’s hand down and squeezing it. “You said we still have a bit of traveling left to do, and you need to rest.”
John knew what William was asking but he didn’t know how to explain himself - that he didn’t want to leave, but he was terrified to stay. Thoughts of his growing boredom in Spain coupled with the lack of excitement in the country made him wary. He was perfectly content at the moment, but how long would it last? He couldn't disappoint William with an empty promise.
Sherlock straightened up immediately. He uncharacteristically cursed himself for the cigarette in his hand and chucked it into the fountain.
The strong arms of the Spaniard enveloped him into a cocoon of warmth and safety. John couldn’t help but collapse into Felipe’s chest and bury his face into his neck. He breathed him in and sighed.
“Mr. Thomas,” he sobbed weakly, his voice muffled as he pressed his face into the man’s stomach. “Help me.”
“Easy now,”he said, bracing him against his shoulder and taking the teacup from his hand. Mycroft stood up to help, but John insisted he had him. He sat him down on the sofa next to Irene.
“No, no it’s not.” He licked his lips and tried to think of a way he could make him understand. He closed his eyes in thought. “Being a surgeon, a healer, a soldier makes me happy, gives me a purpose.”
“Tell me, love, who are we chasing that makes us leave our comfortable home in the wee hours of the morning?” John squeezed his hand. “I was looking forward to bed.”
Her breath returned in jagged swells. Her nipples hardened under her bra as her body prepared itself for pleasure. Sherlock slid her hair away from her neck, and lightly kissed her below her ear.
“Oh, all squeakers start in Beginner band,” he said, opening the door for Sherlock. They entered into the building, and Sherlock was temporarily distracted by the gorgeous arches and gold leaf trimmings along the massive hallway. “As they await to be called up by Maestro Brooks.” Victor’s eyes narrowed. “You do know who Richard Brook is, right?”
“Fifteen years?” John replied, suddenly ashamed for not writing sooner. “I thought if I wrote - well, I feared it would cause trouble.”
“I’d be honored.” John finished off the wine and wiped his mouth carefully with his fingers. “You’ll stay in the city?”
He closed the door and wandered back out into the ward. The hard rain made the room dark for the middle of the day, and the constant pouring on the roof seemed to lull everyone into a sort of trance. It was calm and peaceful, and everyone felt a bit safer with the British soldiers milling about.
“There’s a lovely restaurant next door that serves dinner until nine,” he said. “And if you are up for a walk, you must visit the falls.”
“I know,” replied John. “Yet you were ripe for the picking.” John took a deep breath, anger flushing his chest. “Sherlock, think about it. You had just been attacked, we were on the outs, Victor suddenly turns up. You were a virgin up until a few days ago.” Sherlock looked at him as if he’d just landed a cheap shot, but John just shrugged his shoulders. “I’d bet a million quid he said exactly what you needed to hear. ‘John has a temper. He doesn’t understand you. You need someone to be there for you when things get tough.’”
That evening, the two men sat by the fire as Mrs Turner served them tea. William was resting, but muffled coughing still emanated periodically from the bedroom. It was a good sign.
“Getting out,” he answered. “A valet can’t bloody well be caught riding inside a carriage with his lordship. People will talk.”
Sherlock shifted uncomfortably. His chin rose higher as he clasped his hands behind his back. He swayed a little, still unsteady on his feet.
He threw open the door and had to blink a few times before he realized it really was Felipe standing on the doorstep. His heart clenched in guilt as he reached for him, pulling him inside the warm flat and out of the cold.
Sherlock stood outside the pub near London Tower, butterflies fluttering in his stomach, and considered turning around and heading back to Cromwell. He was terrified, but whether it was because he was afraid John wouldn’t show up or that the young medical student actually would be sitting in that pub awaiting his arrival, he couldn’t be sure.
John bolted to his bedroom and pulled down the wooden box where he stored his precious Browning. He opened it.
“Move, John,” commanded Sherlock. John’s hips snapped up and pushed back into Sherlock harder than he intended. His lover cried out and squeezed his fingers tightly. “More,” he said breathlessly.
Raibert dropped Sherlock's legs and gracefully knelt to the ground, his face aligned with the younger man's groin. Sherlock cried out as his hard, slender cock was swallowed whole, thick fingers continuing to fill him up, in and out, over and over.
“As soon as I think you handle the journey, we’ll go home, yeah? But your body needs time to heal,” he whispered. He let him go and cradled his face in his palms. “Otherwise you might get sick again.”
"Mmm? Oh no, our former governess. Mrs. Hudson. She would take us here as children, to the chess set," Sherlock shifted, allowing his long legs to stretch out in front of him. “Our father felt chess was ‘food for the brain’. Mrs. Hudson worried we didn’t get enough fresh air. Hence, Postman’s Park.”
“Okay, well, I guess we can get going,” said John. “I hope you're okay with playing tourist for the day.”
..meaning he could take it away again. Sherlock knew that’s what John feared the most; returning to a life in service.
The Beginner band classroom was simple and soundproofed, with chairs in a semi-circle five rows deep and ten chairs wide. Sherlock referenced his syllabus and found his seat. A thin, long-faced man sat to the right of him, dropping his folder heavily onto the music stand. He glared at Sherlock.
And so it went, on and on, until the final player had been tested and either praised or humiliated. Brook stepped down from the podium and with a single look handed control of the class back to the director.
“Yes, m’lord,” answered John, trying to control the emotion in his voice. “My deepest apologies.” John continued to look down at the ground. His entire face and neck were bright pink and his jaw was set in embarrassment.
John chased Mr. Thomas into the parlour. Though in his mid-50’s, the valet was moving with a speed and grace of a much younger man.
He held Sherlock down and began to fuck him roughly, pressing his body deep into the mattress.  Sherlock held on to him for dear life as John’s palms pushed against the back of his skinny thighs and forced his knees to open wider, his mouth suddenly covered by John’s mouth, his whimpers muffled by John’s tongue. He pounded into Sherlock, in and out, over and over and over again, his sweat dripping onto his Sherlock’s cheeks and running down his neck, Sherlock’s body aching from the abuse.
And he had Sherlock Holmes on his side. If a situation were to arise, the dowager marchioness wouldn't know what hit her.
“Well, I had no idea.” said Sherlock appreciatively, winking back. Victor laughed, his dimples making him look several years younger. The young man disappeared into the crowd, but Sherlock continued to gaze after him. There was something about Victor, something unusual, that Sherlock couldn’t quite deduce. He made a note that further data was needed.
William stood back from the hives and looked back up at the house. John watched as he moved slowly back up the pathway, as if he were terrified of setting off his cough, which seemed to overtake him at the first sign of overexertion. He had lost a significant amount of weight while ill and had yet to gain much of it back.
William buried his hands deep in the pockets of his housecoat, a shadow of worry tinting the unease already etched into his face.
“I’d appreciate it if you’d stop messing up the bedsheets every morning,” she said matter of factly. “It just creates extra work for Marie.”
With a bit of regret, John pulled himself out of Sherlock's mouth, catching the dripping saliva with his hand. He lowered himself onto Sherlock’s sweat soaked body and with a practiced move, pushed Sherlock’s thighs up as he pressed his cock against his pulsing, loose entrance.
Fritz placed his arm around Friederich. “It’s been too long,” he said softly. His fingers brushed the other man’s neck.
Inside, a huge, ancient desk was squeezed against one side of the narrow lobby. An even more ancient woman greeted them kindly.
John unzipped Sherlock’s black, skinny trousers and pulled down the designer pants just enough to expose his swelling cock. Sherlock’s fingers again slipped to the bulge growing in John’s pants, but a strong, capable hand grabbed his slender wrist and held fast.
Sherlock refused to look him in the eye as he broke down. He cried tears of regret and sadness. John held him close and comforted him the best he could.
"William Wiggins, resident advisor," he said, sticking out his hand. Sherlock shook it. "I know you're new around here, but I need to remind you that there is no smoking," he said, looking past Sherlock into the Sliver.
A beautiful mosque sat in the centre of the village, three stories high. Intricate, floral tile work peppered its horseshoe shaped windows. John could just make out an oasis of plant life and beautiful fountains just inside the gate. The sound of trickling water relaxed him as he journeyed further inside.
“Well, you sit down now, and have a cuppa,” Mr. Thomas insisted. “Oh, this is a miracle! Johnny Watson, home again at last!” He sat down next to him and said eagerly,. “We’ve got some catching up to do.”
Some of the dialogue in the Concert band scene was taken word for word from Chazelle’s Whiplash script.
Sherlock swallows louder than he mean to. He can’t stop his bow-hand from shaking.  "I stopped playing because, um, I thought -"
John hitched a ride to Dunbar and from there bought a train ticket to Edinburgh. He ate a sandwich from the cook’s basket on the train. It tasted of home. He had lived ten years in Halidon Hall. The servants there were his family, and he was heartbroken to leave them. There were moments his heart would seemingly stop with fear; he had no employment, no prospects, and little knowledge of the world.
The young musician shook in his chair, holding tight to his violin. He dared not move from his seat, but every inch of his body was taut, wanting to bolt out of the door.
Sherlock had curled up under the oak tree and was sound asleep, his jacket bundled under his head for a pillow.
They lay there for quite some time in the darkness until Sherlock’s breathing finally became even and deep.
The carriage rocked back and forth over the cobblestoned streets. John looked expectantly at Sherlock, waiting for a word of why, because of a letter, they were heading to the shipyard in the middle of the night. Sherlock was, as usual, deep in thought and oblivious to his partner's desire for an explanation.
John pushed Felipe onto his back and straddled his supple thighs. He held the solid, thick length behind him and pressed, easing it inside his willing body.
Concert band practices were also doubled for the week, since the regional competition was Sunday at the Royal Concert Hall in London. The orchestra was playing two movements from Brook's Reichenbach. Sherlock, who had loved the piece upon hearing it the first time, had grown to hate it as much as he hated Brook.
As the two men jumped out of the carriage near Piccadilly Square, Sherlock watched his friend’s ruddy red complexion drain away, his body stiffening as they walked down the busy street.
So they waited. Days turned into a week, until finally, towards the end of the seventh day, William stirred and opened his eyes.
“I can’t see it!” he cried, his hands pulling at his slicked back hair, causing it to fall forward and curl over his eyes. “The man was murdered, yet the door was locked from the inside.”
Sherlock gazed at him intensely. “It doesn’t. But the fact remains, there is a painting in the library that resembles you in a most striking way.”
Sherlock gathered John's small, calloused hands from his nightgown and brought them to his lips. He kissed them over and over.
Sherlock stared deeply into his dark blue eyes, and kissed the back of his hand. “Luck, my dear John, has nothing to do with it.”
Sherlock was on his feet in a flash. He tried the opening the desk drawers, but they were locked. No paperwork littered the desk. Nothing was in the rubbish bin. Sherlock dropped back down into the passageway within minutes, careful to pull the grate back in place behind him.
“If you will excuse me, gentlemen. I have an appointment, and if I don’t leave now, I shall be late. Dr. Canales, it’s been a pleasure.” He turned towards the door. “Watson, I’ve taken the liberty of making the four of us dinner reservations at the restaurant. I hope that wasn’t too presumptuous. I’ve let Mrs Turner know, but I can always cancel.”
He found Lestrade standing in the middle of the ward, water streaming off his helmet, looking as if he’d almost drowned.
“Sherlock,” John said breathlessly as he lost his composure. He blinked and the tears streamed down his cheeks. He held Sherlock’s delicate wrist to his lips and wiped his eyes with his sleeve.
Out of breath, he managed to speak to the driver as the door of the black cab swung open, barely noticing the impeccably dressed gentleman, wearing a top hat and long, black coat, stepping out of the cab. John quickly turned and hurried forward as a ray from the setting sun temporarily blurred his vision. John squinted and inadvertently bumped shoulders with the taller man passing him along the curb.
Sherlock, clad in his nightshirt, hair still damp from his bath, slid under the covers. John sat on the side of the bed, mixing up warm milk and spices that had just arrived from the kitchen. He gave it to Sherlock to drink.
The doctor managed to lean up a bit, raising his hand in the air as if to signal that he was alright. William helped him to his feet and gave him back his gun.
Indeed the duo had not slept a wink. They were up with the servants, Sherlock arranging a ride back to town while John penned a thank you note to the marquess. They had coffee and a proper fry up at a restaurant directly across from the Fidelity Trust and Savings building. As soon as the town square’s clock struck 8am, they strode into the bank and showed the key to the clerk and requested box number 4.
Dried herbs and flowers hung from the eaves in every direction. Glass bottles, all empty and different colors, littered the shelves and floors. A large window faced the west end and the sun was beating through it, giving all the old artifacts, some displayed in glass, others hanging in midair, an ethereal quality. Sherlock hovered over the pictures of flesh-eating maggots, making a mental note to study the tiny tubers a little more closely with his microscope. He also found himself rather taken by the collection of skulls that lined one side of the wall.
An unspoken fury gripped John like he’d never known before. He leaned over the strangler, the murderer, and peered right into his other-worldly eyes.
Sherlock gripped the back of John’s neck as his other hand grabbed one of his rolling hips. His cracked fingertips broke free of the makeshift bandages and smeared bloody fingerprints all over John’s thigh and chest. John saw it and shoved Sherlock’s bleeding index finger into his mouth and sucked.
John followed him into the tiny room, the fire enveloping them in an intense heat quite the opposite of the drafty sitting room.
John didn’t want to admit to his mother that he thought of his father multiple times a day since he'd passed. “Sometimes,” he answered.
“My blasted lungs!” he cursed as he coughed. He tried to gather some honey on a spoon but knocked over the jar. John spooned some warm water into a cup and added a generous dollop of the thick substance, stirring it thoroughly.
John had the money. He had saved most of his earnings over the years, thanks to the Holmes family’s generosity. He could pay the debt. He earned enough in the village to send home to pay Marie and the London household expenses.  He’d be left with a little spending cash.
Sudden voices in the hallway brought the two men back to their senses, and they immediately separated, gasping for air and rising to their feet. Sherlock quickly put on his robe as John gathered up his clothing.
Both men couldn’t help but giggle. John rolled over to grab a flannel to clean himself and Felipe. It was the last thing he remembered before he must’ve fallen asleep.
“I heard you that night, in your room,” William whispered. “Making love. I tried not to listen, but I couldn’t help myself.”
They all took a seat at a table beside the wall. They were served ale and Fritz and Friederich guzzled generously. Sherlock didn’t touch his. He seemed to be completely fascinated by his surroundings.
He then gathered Sherlock into his arms and pulled him back up the head of the bed. They were both still incredibly sleepy, and they didn’t fight it but let it take them both as they fell asleep face to face in the bed.
A group of rugby players walked by, talking loudly and playfully pushing each other along the fountain. One broke off, and approached Sherlock.
“Very well,” he said softly. “Go on back, folks, tell the next wave to come on up. And bring Dr. Watson a set of dry clothes.”
“In most combat situations, you will not be able to move your patient to a secure location,” he said sternly, pulling out his surgical dressings. “You’ll treat the patient under possible threat or live fire, so keep it simple. First, stop the bleeding. Place pressure on the wound to restrict the blood flow. Dr. Canales is doing quite a lovely demonstration for us here,” he said, smiling down at the Spaniard.
“No!” Victor responded vehemently. It was loud enough they caught a few glances from the room. Victor managed to compose himself just as Brook entered the room.
John exhaled anxiously and stepped closer to Sherlock's body, holding his cock with one hand and the back of Sherlock’s curls with the other. He guided his cock back into Sherlock's hot, open mouth.
Felipe's inhale was sharp and quick as he bent down to take John’s mouth in a kiss. John snaked his fist into the back of the Spaniard’s hair and held him, inches from his lips.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, the jab bringing him back to himself. “Oh sod off, Blood,” he said, glancing at the board.  He suddenly has no interest in chess.
" -L&M’s no filter, pack’s old. You dipped into your emergency stash,” said Wiggins, unfazed. “Forgot to stop on the way in. Or couldn’t. Family doesn’t know?” He looked expectantly at the young man.
Sherlock struggled but Brook pinned him to the floor, straddling him and holding the baton against his neck.  Sherlock suddenly felt hot lips on his body as Brook licked at his mouth. He gently kissed him over and over, then suddenly bit down on the sensitive skin just below his jaw. He sucked and sucked until the skin turned bright purple.
He watched the younger man open his cupid’s bow obediently, his beautiful face flickering with loss at the same time he pulled his fingers from his center.
“Now you’re in control,” he said gently, running his fingers through Sherlock’s curls. “I’ll help you, but you decide how much, how fast, how slow. And believe me,” He lifted Sherlock’s chin up to meet his eyes. “I’ll be enjoying myself. Stay out of that mind of yours,” he said, grinning.
John turned down his reading lamp low, and checked to make sure his door was locked before crawling under the covers. He continued to read, and after several minutes, came to this passage.
Sherlock’s body crumpled in defeat and John immediately had his arms around him in a tight embrace. He burrowed gratefully into John's hard chest.
Felipe’s calloused hands massaged John’s small, soft behind. His fingers slipped in along his cleft as John encouraged him to keep going, grinding himself into Felipe’s muscled abdomen. Felipe produced salve from his trouser pocket and generously lathered John’s behind as he kissed him. His finger slipped inside him easily as John sighed into his lips.
He leapt out of bed (an action he immediately regretted) and threw on his clothes. He quickly splashed some water on his face and ran a comb through his hair before throwing open the bedroom door.
Full lips found his as he thrusted firmly. Sherlock gasped and moaned quietly, locking wanting glances with John as he writhed, his body consuming the pleasure John was giving.
With the last word Sherlock’s voice broke. He took a deep breath to regain some control over himself.
No one heard the footsteps on the servant stairs. The Earl and his brother were suddenly standing in the doorway. Everyone immediately dropped their utensils and noisily scooted back their chairs to stand.
The roar of the falls easily absorbed his pleas. John dropped to his stomach and leaned as far as he could over the cliff.
“Sherlock, wait…” he heard John say. He paid no mind as he illuminated the path in front of him, a torch in one hand and his phone in the other.
Anderson’s expression went from elation, to confusion, to embarrassment. Brook shook his head and continued to giggle as Anderson, shoulder's slumped, made his way back to his seat.
Silence fell on the room as the two men sat next to each other and sipped their claret. The fire crackled in the hearth as the shadows from the flames danced on the wall.
He pulled Felipe’s large hand holding his own up to his lips and grazed the hard, calloused knuckles with his lips.
He knew he’d promised John to never go down there alone. But desperate times called for desperate measures.
Dr. Brook draped his arm around Sherlock's shoulders and led him back to the door. Sherlock felt fingers lightly stroke the curls at his neck for breath of a moment. It sent an uncomfortable shiver down his body.
William’s wits were about him, but his dismay at the situation he found himself in was readily apparent.
"Let's regroup, yeah?" said John sensibly. "Something about all of this…” His eyes pleaded, his face serious. “We need a plan."
Sherlock crumbled with desperate need, his eyes glistening with conflicting emotions as John turned Sherlock onto his side and held him tightly against him. He licked the shell of Sherlock's ear, and whispered hotly:
John finished his drink and stood up. “Thank you,” he said, handing her the empty class. “I should tell you, I won’t be...I am going to be staying in the guest bedroom for a bit. Would you mind, um…” He motioned awkwardly toward the bedroom.
It was later than usual when John arrived home. He called out for Sherlock but there was no answer. He searched for him everywhere, and finally found him passed out in their bedroom, sleeping like the dead. John let him sleep and walked through the house, opening the large doors to the ocean and enjoying the first dry day of the year.
John turned to Sherlock, looking very serious. “Well, I hope you enjoyed our date,” he deadpanned. “Hope we can do it again sometime. Share a cab back to uni?”
He turned when he heard the door open. Though flaccid, he was hung like a fucking horse, and his chest, broad and muscled, was covered in thin, reddish hair with a trail leading down to his impressive groin.  His face, sporting a neatly trimmed auburn beard, was handsome and friendly, though his eyes possessed an intelligence his demeanor didn't express.
Roberts opened the door to his sitting room. A man stood by the butler’s desk, a hat in one hand, the other gripping a thin wooden cane. He was solid in stature and, though of average height, stood up very straight as the men entered. His blonde hair had been recently cut and his face shaved, but his suit was ill-fitted and dull. It was apparent to both the Earl and his brother that this man had fallen on hard times. His deep blue eyes were still sharp, and though his expression showed nervousness he was pleasant. He addressed the men with manners and courtesy.
Wet tongue danced along his shoulder, down his back and over the skin covering his tailbone. The sound of someone spitting generously into the soft crevice made him squirm. Lips ghosted along his darker insides with breath purposefully strong and generous. John maneuvered Sherlock’s body as he pleased to open him, pressing his lips against the pink, puckered centre. The fluttering entrance unfurled with a firm, wet tongue as he coaxed his middle finger inside, adding more saliva to the sweet opening. Sherlock’s body fought him as he gently pushed in a second finger, the tight heat making John heady with desire.
