“Okay, that sounds good. Like compromise or whatever couples are supposed to do.”
“Cas, I’m taking you home. And so help me, if you run away again, I’ll keep dragging you back until you stay. I need you.”
Whatever Lucifer may think of Dean, his choices are his own.
Dean narrows his eyes. The angel is hiding something from him, and historically, that hasn’t been a good thing.
The years have changed his little brother. He’s not the quiet disciplined little thing he was trained to be anymore, and part of him is proud of how freely he’s expressing himself and the other part is annoyed that his anger is being directed at him. It’s not even his Cassie. His little sister is currently somewhere in Hawaii wearing a tacky Hawaiian shirt with her equally dorky significant other drinking a Mai Tai.
Freaking selfless angel.
“What would you have me do Dean? I can’t risk you turning into a drooling mess.”
He instantly pales at the possibility, not knowing Lucifer is very much hung up on a certain detective who’s been making googly eyes at Cain recently, and that doesn’t even take into count whatever his brother and Cain currently have going on that involves half of Maze’s torture kit.
“I was very drunk, Dean, and you had just died an easily preventable death.”
For once, it’s super clear to him that the angel’s definitely interested, and he’s not sure how to feel about that. Everything seemed a lot easier when he was suffering from some sort of celestial brain rot at the sight of Castiel’s wings, part of him wants that certainty back. Without a better idea, he shakes the angel’s hand and introduces himself.
Thankfully, his stupidly patient, understanding angel gets it.  He nods, wrapping one of his translucent wings around him protectively.
“I- We were yeah.”
“Let me put it this way, I stabbed him, and I was still his favorite,” Dean says, giving the devil a knowing grin.
“Angels are all about mind over matter. We are what we believe ourselves to be, but with you, Cas doubts,” Michael says like that explains anything.
“Fire away, I’m an open book.”
"I can see why you resorted to Huggy Bear, just keep your angel away from my plants," he huffs.
“All I had to do is remind him of his many, many failures and bam, suddenly, his greatest strength turns into his greatest weakness.”
“I would never lie to you Dean.”
“How is that possible?” Sam asks because yeah that’s some weird wibbly wobbly timey wimey crap he doesn’t wanna to deal with.
Cas frowns into his shoulder as another fractured memory comes through.
“Just how often do you run away from me?”
Crowley turns sour, put off by Aziraphale's clever conflict resolution skills. Dean's busy admiring the architecture when he notices he's wearing a tux and so is Cas, and whoa, does his angel clean up nice.
“Really? Then, why did Dean leave?”
Invisible wings spread wide in challenge, but the devil barely bats an eye, beyond exasperated with the two of them.
Cas is very close to snapping. He can tell. That’s like his fourth solitary Dean. He claps his angel on the back and gives him a quick peck on the cheek.
“I’ll go along with your plan, but I need you to promise me something. No matter what you hear, don’t take any of my brother’s words to heart. You’re good, Dean. You’ve always been good.”
Simple innocuous memories, suddenly become painful. He remembers the kid coming up to him, asking if he'd ever thought of wearing shades. He'd told him he didn't see the point when he spent a chunk of his time in an underground bunker. Jack never brought it up again but started wearing a pair of dark shades every time he got the chance. Dean asked him where he got them once, assuming Cas had bought him a pair. The kid never gave him a straight answer. He'd even asked him what kind of car he'd want if he could have any one he wanted. The kid had asked for a Bentley. Dean promised him that he could have the one collecting dust in the Bunker as soon as he got the hang of driving. He'd been so happy. Even the kid knew Crowley was better than him.
“Let me save you a lot of trouble. This is clearly a trap from Father designed to set you up with this Righteous Man. Your relationship is doomed to failure. Don’t even bother pursuing it. You’ll just end up hurting each other,” He says with a note of finality.
“You should.”
Cas is sure that he used to be too oblivious to notice. He decides it's about time he corrected his mistake. He wraps his arms around Dean, and the man stiffens but eventually relaxes, practically melting into him.
“Dean is better than you give him credit for, and I’m perfectly capable of handling things myself. So, what are you even doing here?”
Dinner ends up being pretty great. Aziraphale is easy to talk to, and Crowley eventually lightens up and joins the conversation, adding his own anecdotes wherever he can. Dean is pretty sure Cas constantly kicking him from under the table when the demon is especially rude to Dean has something to do with it. No one comments on Dean's lack of table manners. Jack's fork lesson end up being irrelevant. And, he surprises himself by agreeing to come see them again with Cas sometime.
“We did find a spell that should work, but it’s not permanent. The power can be transferred back and forth at will. Jack can have a break, and I’d be free to join you on Earth when you're ready.”
“Anything more about your secret life I should know about?”
“Lies, libel, slander! How dare you? Of all the humans, he could have picked-”
“He bought the ring I asked him to get already. I just told him not to return it,” Dean says with a shrug. He hopes it’s promise enough for now.
“That didn’t exactly happen, did it?” he snaps.
Cas must notice how lost he is because he places a hand on his shoulder to steady him.
He’s saved by Sam who puts a hand on the devil’s shoulder, stopping him in his tracks. The fire leaves Lucifer’s eyes as he turns to face his brother. There is a tinge of regret on his features, and Dean curses, looks like this devil has a soft spot for his brother too.
“Do I have your blessing then?” Dean asks.
“Not soon enough, call me crazy, but people constantly telling me your fine after we had a huge fight without any supporting evidence makes me think I accidentally ended up in a djinn dreamland again, especially when you don’t answer my prayers.”
“Please continue.”
He can’t stand the depth of Cas’s love right now. It’s too much. Not here, not now, in this unfamiliar world, he’s been hiding away in. When they go home, he and Cas can pick up where they left off but not before.
Crowley scoffs skeptically, but Aziraphale beams at him, not at all bothered that he’d come to complain about Dean.
Castiel wonders what gave him away. He half expected to have to justify his presence, but perhaps, this version of his brother is used to dimensional interlopers breaking into his home.
He’s not familiar with this world, but he’s pretty sure showing off your angelic abilities in front of mortals who aren’t in the know is just asking for trouble.
Lucifer sighs, looking defeated.
“You two are disgustingly adorable. I can barely stand it,” Lucifer says, shaking his head.
Just his fucking luck
It is about time he returned the favor.
“Should I?”
“Do you even remember why you like him?” he shouts as the elevator closes.
"And what about your lovely guests? Mr.? "
(See the end of the chapter for
He does the little head tilt again, but he’s too angry to be taken in by its cuteness.
Did he tell this devil how he felt so worthless that he was willing to be his meat suit and more than likely die in the process? All because Cas got it in his head that he needed to be useful to be wanted. Dean had failed him, and as much as he apologized and explained it was nothing he’d done, he’d nearly doomed an angel with his carelessness. Worse, it was only one of many, many times Cas would offer himself for slaughter, all for Dean.
“But I’m still here,” he says, absently tilting his head and narrowing his eyes to try to find some clue of what happened on Dean’s face.
“Right boundaries,” he mutters, before clearing his throat and turning back to Dean.
“T-Thanks, I’ve made a lot of mistakes, but I love Cas more than anything. I want to be better,” he says, keeping his eyes on Charlie who babbles at him encouragingly.
Neither of them talk until they hear the door snap shut. He realizes too late that he’s failed to make a good impression with either angel. Oh well, with any luck, they wouldn’t be visiting Heaven’s odd couple too often.
“Oh, I didn’t realize.” But he should have. Dean has gone through so much in such a short time. Maybe, he is the one being unreasonable for suggesting they immediately go back to their old lives. Cas just wants Dean to have everything he deserves.
“Why?”
“I know. I wasn’t going to suggest that. Believe me, Crowley has pointed out every conceivable flaw in every one of my proposed solutions for the dilemma we find ourselves in.”
Cas obviously doesn’t mean to be cruel, but the words still hurt. He starts tearing up, because maybe, he doesn’t mean as much to the angel as he thought.
“Castiel has extreme regenerative abilities here. He’s probably good as new by now. ”
Lucifer nods, picking up his drink, subtly breaking eye contact without actively advertising his little brother is making him nervous.
It’s official. Michael sucks in every universe.
“I’m not leaving him here.”
Cas scowls but lets him go. The storm gets worse naturally. He was the most dramatic angel in the garrison. Ask anyone.
Dean nods in agreement, eyes never leaving Cas.
Cas has a tendency to omit things in order to protect Dean from harsh judgment. He mentally adds that to the list of things he should probably bring up in therapy.
"It's not all I ate," Cas admits quietly.
Dean turns to face him, suddenly serious. He grabs him by the lapels again, and Cas lets him drag him forward, half expecting a kiss. He doesn’t get one, but the words Dean says are wonderful to hear all the same.
Shame, he doesn’t remember why. Maybe, it’s about time he found out.
“Lucifer has made you into a narcissist.”
It’s only for Cas’s ears and judging from the way he softens, he gets what Dean actually meant. In his grief, he did exactly what his father did and scarred the poor kid. He can only hope that those scars don’t end up being permanent. Jack is good. He wishes he’d seen that sooner.
“Lucifer did offer to set me up with a nice prophet. If I’m patient, he might even be able to find me one with green eyes. I’ve decided I like green eyes.”
He holds onto Lucifer for dear life; eyes shut tight, silently praying to Cas to be okay. After traveling a few blocks, they land on the roof of some nondescript building.
“Oh, okay. If I’m still your second favorite, does that mean I’m forgiven? I still don’t know exactly what I did, but I’m sorry, Dean. I can’t speak for the person I was, but I would never intentionally hurt you.”
“My money is on Linda.”
He flinches. Maybe, it’d been a mistake to come to this particular universe. Crowley is supernaturally good at reading people, just like Dean. He shakes his head to dispel the thought. You came here to get away from Dean.
“Well, there you go. I think you can take it from here Cassie. ”
“Do you need it?”
“Dude, seriously, I’m fine.”
Dean can feel Cas stiffen under him and his frown deepens as he searches his eyes. He keeps his mind blank, and after several seconds, Cas lets out a petulant huff.
Lucifer sees through his bullcrap and snorts.
He’s annoyed, but the feeling is muffled by the sudden intense heartache. The angel who always believed in him doesn’t think he’ll follow through when it matters.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I was kidding. What is it about these puny humans that triggers the Cain instinct in you and Lucy hmm? Personally, I don’t see the appeal.”
Dean is totally on cloud nine right now. How could he not be when the best thing that ever happened to him is right here, safe and sound, practically glowing with grace? He’s sure he couldn’t see it before, but he can’t look away now. Maybe, he never will. Is this how Cas felt  every time he gazed into his soul? He regrets calling him a creep if this is what he had to deal with all the time.
“You’re seeing a therapist Lucifer recommended? Are you insane? She’s probably passing on everything you say to him! And in case you haven’t noticed, Lucifer is an unrepentant son of a bitch!”
“Good because I don’t think we can get away with overthrowing God more than once.”
“Thank you so much for your help Lucifer. I will not forget this,” he promises, leaving in a flash of blinding light.
“He’s not here,” Cas says, oddly tense for what’s supposed to be a casual visit with the inlaws. He scans the area, wings pressed against his back. He glares at the empty space, and it’s telling that his angel does not let him go.
“We can go to counseling if you want. I-I don’t want to hurt you anymore.”
"I have eyes, man. Are you saying that they're not banging? Like why? Their chemistry is off the charts. It's like they were made for each other."
“Yeah, I know, and of course, I forgive you, dummy. Everything you’ve ever done since you met me has always been for me. I couldn’t hate you if I tried.”
“You don’t mean that.”
He’s actually tempted to drop the whole thing for a second, but unfortunately for Cas, for good or ill, he’s still John Winchester’s son, and that unholy man didn’t raise a quitter.
“From what little I remember, we didn’t part friends, Dean.”
“So, what’s special about you? Lucifer’s been trying to set me up for ages. Can you see my true form? Are you especially pious? What do you think about the plight of bees?”
“Please don’t. I’ve made it quite clear that I am fond of my current form.”
"Hush, it's your own fault for not telling Castiel that the poor dears weren't in any danger of actually being destroyed. I'm sure he would have left you to your hobby and not instantly healed them every time they looked the slightest bit worn otherwise."
“Now, you’re just trying to make me mad,” he huffs.
“I didn’t think you’d be susceptible to celestial brain rot, but I suppose I would be the one holy creature you would get on your knees for.”
“St. Valentines to piss off my ex,” he says without missing a beat.
He can barely breathe, let alone get a word in edgewise. Nice devil my ass.
“I’m the Righteous Man.”
He immediately proves his point by doing just that.
His angel sighs, and his wings droop accordingly.
Charlie babbles excitedly at him like he gets what he’s saying. Dean chalks it up to coincidence as he bounces the kid up and down. He refuses to entertain the idea that he’s holding a half angel baby. Sure, they may think they want their kid to be magic incarnate, but he wouldn’t wish what they’d been through on anyone. It’s simpler this way.
“Do you think you could get us to Jack?”
“No, we’re doing this,” he says firmly, leaving no room for argument.
“Then, it’s settled.”
“He’s not wrong about that,” he mutters.
He throws his angel into Lucifer’s prized liquor collection like it's nothing. More than half the bottles break and the alcoholic in him mourns their loss. The rest of him bolts upright and goes to Cas.
Cas’s wings are visible and whole, and he wants nothing more than bask in their glory.
“What about Lucifer?”
Dean winces, finally realizing that for the most part Cas only went to see his other family when he willfully sent him away. Even now, Cas always prioritizes him first. And, here, he was banishing an angel from his presence so his devil of a father can talk down to him.
He shamelessly launches himself at the angel. Cas catches him instinctively, completely lost. This is so far beyond how he’d normally handle things that his partner has no idea what to do to placate him. It’s easy enough. Dean just wants him to say yes dammit.
Lucifer spends the next hour on the piano, thinking of his baby brother, Father, and most of all Chloe. The music channels his anger, twisting it into each musical note until he is left empty. He finally stops and eyes the broken glass on the floor. He could wait and have his cleaning service take care of it, but Chloe had finally agreed to see him after his little freak out move to Vegas, and he didn’t want her stepping on it accidentally. He goes to grab a broom, knowing he’s well and truly fucked.
Lucifer laughs good naturedly, more than used to being blamed for things that were definitely not his fault. In this case, he’ll go easy on the guy.
All he really wants is to lighten the mood, but Cas is not at all amused by the joke. Dean clears his throat and moves on, suddenly reminded that the angel has lost a shitton of family thanks to him. Sure, most of them were assholes, but it wouldn’t kill him to be a little more sensitive about the whole thing.
This can work. It’s not exactly what they might have had if they’d figured things out sooner, but it’s still good. They can be happy. He can make Cas happy.
The elevator doors open, and he’s immediately sucker punched in the face by said angel.  On second thought, maybe, he doesn’t.
“Amenadiel, it’s a pleasure to see you again,” Cas says, absently folding his wings and going to shake his brother's hand.
Cas keeps going as if he’s afraid that he won’t be able to get it all out if he stops now.
“Listen here, Bizarro, you leave the kid out of whatever ineffable plan you think you’re following,” Dean says as he tries and fails to get out of his angel’s grip. It kind of ruins his intimidation factor. Luckily, Cas is intimidating enough for the both of them right now.
“He’s good with children, but he tends to be too indulgent,” he answers honestly.
“Cassie?”
Cas almost smiles.
“Maybe, we should reschedule our appointment for another time. You’re too worked up about this. It would be pointless. ”
Cas is speechless, and it’s so satisfying. They don’t really talk about his life before he showed up and yanked him out of Hell, but he’s sure, stick up his butt, OG Cas would have freaked if he’d seen his collection of opioids, and current Cas is reeling now that Dean has all but admitted grace is kind of addictive. Lucifer is unphased and immediately tries to spin the conversation in his favor.
The next night he sings ‘I was Born To Love You’ to Dean before they head home, and it makes Lucifer uncomfortable for reasons that have nothing to do with either of them. He simply smirks at the devil on his way out the door. Fingers crossed his older brother takes his own advice before Chloe finds a nice prophet of her own . . . or a man that literally looks like Superman as Dean so helpfully put it.
“Thank you, Dean,” he murmurs into his jacket.
“Dean just told you he doesn’t like big parties.”
“Hey, Assbutt, you give shit advice.”
Cas squints and tilts his head. It’s his turn to be confused by an out of nowhere comment. Unfortunately, his angel must have caught a glimpse of what he’s been thinking because the confusion goes away, and he chuckles.
“Seriously guy, I’m not after Mr. Sunshine here,” he says, patting Cas’s head.
Cas has the gall to laugh at him. He pecks him on the cheek again, and he’s red as a tomato.
Lucifer smirks, pouring himself another drink. He’s surprisingly happy despite the fact that both his guests ran out on him without so much as saying goodbye.
“I’m fine. A little jazzed but it’s nothing I can’t handle. I won’t embarrass you,” he says.
“Dean,” Cas snaps.
Castiel can tell he’s lying, but he feels it’s impolite to point it out when the man is trying to be friendly. He only hopes that he’ll tell him the truth about who they were to each other. He has no other way of knowing otherwise.
“So angel, expecting any other relatives to drop into our little pocket of the universe?” Crowley asks, making great efforts to appear grumpy. He knows that’s his cue to supply him with the goods.
The Righteous Man had traveled across universes to find him despite all the awful things he had done. The sight of his wings had left him speechless and utterly mesmerized. From what he’d learned from Amenadiel, only the most devout humans reacted so strongly when faced with divinity. For anyone else, his wings were glorified props. Dean took one look at him and saw an angel worthy of his devotion.
That immediately gets Dean to refocus. He grabs Cas’s arm and stops him from pulling out his phone while simultaneously invading his angel’s personal space. His eyes widen in surprise, and Dean grins.
“Wait, you’re nephilim is a baby, baby? We were robbed,” Dean says without thinking it through, but Cas only winces silently, aware he can’t help himself.
There’s a hint of displeasure in Michael’s face for a second, but he wipes it away quickly.
“I know.”
“And that’s all we’ll ever be?”
“Dude, seriously, everything? Crowley gave me stink eye for a week just because he suspected I jacked up royally. Which you know, fair, but the devil isn’t exactly the forgive and forget type.”
“My fault? I haven’t seen you in thousands of years.”
In which Dean and the Devil come to an agreement
You know what, forget Lucifer, this is the dude he needs to off as soon as possible.
“Sure Cas.”
Deep down, he knows he’s being a hypocrite, and it just might be a family trait.
He knows its a stupid question, but he needs the reassurance. For a cocky guy, his self esteem is fragile as Hell. Cas’s eyes seem to glow brighter, but not in the ‘I’m an angel of the lord’ way, but in the ‘my future husband is an idiot, but I love him’ way. He swears that a bunch of butterflies spontaneously invade his stomach when Cas presses his forehead to his.
“I wish I could.”
Cas sighs, not at all happy to be having this conversation but resigned to the fact that there is no avoiding it now.
Cas visibly relaxes, thinking he’s dodged a bullet. He places a warm hand on Dean’s shoulder and gently squeezes, slipping a tiny bit of his grace into his muscles in an effort to soothe him. It works and he leans into Cas, happily inhaling his scent, a mix between a live wire and a perpetual summer storm.
“My siblings have varying opinions on the matter. I myself believe he’s well meaning but not without fault.”
“Fighting evil,” he says, successfully keeping a straight face. It’s not like he’s lying exactly.
Dean doesn’t seem to see it that way. He grows more sullen. The man tries to order another drink, but Castiel subtly shakes his head at the bartender, and he is cut off for the night. He’d like Dean to remember this in the morning.
“I originally planned to stay no more than a few hours which would have added up to minutes in our world. You were never supposed to miss me,” Cas explains, eyes fixed on their entwined hands.
Amara? Brutally devoured by her own sibling, and he hates himself for pushing her in that direction. Michael? Traitorous Angel Dick who’s stuck in the Empty for the foreseeable future. Same as every other angel, so Gabriel’s out too. Rowena? She’s already got a gig. He doesn’t even entertain the idea of giving Lucifer another shot at it. He shakes his head.
“How could you tell?”
Dean could, but he doesn’t want them to break up for the upteenth time over something stupid. In fact, it hadn’t even occurred to him at the time that his actions might be taken that way. He was just so damn thankful he’d gotten Cas back.
"That wasn't my originally intention."
“Oh Cassie, always so blunt. I’ve missed you,” Amenadiel says, giving him a quick embrace that his angel eagerly returns.
Whatever, he wasn’t interested in finding out whatever drama Lucifer and Michael were going through this time. He’s sure the devil is probably the one that ended up with a nasy scar, and Cas was trying to be polite by not drawing attention to that fact.
“Well, that’s dumb.”
"No more than you," Aziraphale says dismissively.
Castiel then has the audacity to hiccup.
Dean starts hopping without actively thinking about it. Amenadiel eyes widen, and he’s decidedly less chill as he turns attention to Cas. He already has the ‘I’m disappointed in you’ look down as he switches to responsible big brother mode.
“I would advise against any mention of Charlie for now,” he says, again looking past him as he does his best impression of a marble statue.
“What? The devil dragging it out of me wasn’t enough for you?”
Lucifer is beyond offended, mouth wide open as he slams down his drink.
“It was a rhetorical question, Cas.”
Lucifer pours himself yet another drink and tries not to think of Uriel. The best he can do is help the family he has left. He supposes this interdimensional version of Cassie counts.
“You’re just jealous Castiel is out here living his best life. It took you two a couple of weeks to even notice he was missing. The kid’s been with me for months,” he says dismissively.
Dean waits for him to elaborate, and when he doesn't, he shrugs it off.
“I have dragged him out of Hell and remade him atom by atom. I have marked him with my Grace and have answered his prayers time and again. I have fought civil wars in his name and given up armies for his sake. We have raised a child together. He is good and wooed.”
Linda takes over after that, ready to go on a rant. Apparently, it doesn’t matter what universe they’re in. Lucifer will always be annoying, and Dean finds that really comforting for reasons he rather not examine right now.
“That’s the spirit,” he murmurs, burying his face into Dean’s neck as he gets more comfortable.
He won’t give the angel the satisfaction.
Instead, the devil sets his drink down and leans back, cool as a cucumber. Maybe, he’s more mature than Dean thought.
He must have apologized wrong. The man’s crying now, and he knows deep down in his bones that this man would never willingly cry in front of anyone.
Dean swears as Cas lets out a pained grunt. There’s no big light show signaling the end, but it’s looking more and more likely he’ll bleed out. Human, too human. He just doesn’t get why. What happened to his all powerful angel?
The anymore in that sentence is implied so he focuses on what’s actually bothering him instead.
Dean’s eyes go wide. That’s a game changer. In his head, he goes through a list of supernatural entities he might trust with that kind of power.
His angel shoves him off, but he immediately collapses afterwards, and Dean’s never been so aware of blood pooling on the ground. Dean has a traitorous thought as he begins to panic.
Apparently, Castiel has a penchant for amnesia. He’s talking about himself and doesn’t even know it. Dean is merciful enough not to say anything. The poor man seems resigned as he looks away. Maybe, he'd mistaken Dean for someone else in the crowd.
“Promise me you’ll be kinder to yourself,” he says, sounding pained in a way that hints that Cas probably isn’t the only sibling dealing with shit.
Dean hates that all the angels were right about him. He’s literally Cas’s kryptonite no matter where they are.
The mention of Superman is enough for him to look up. And yeah, the giant beefcake next to the devil definitely looks like a Clark Kent type. In less dire circumstances, he’d introduce himself, even if the guy gives off total wet blanket vibes. Dean’s always been charming and has a knack for getting people like that to loosen up a little, just look at Cas. It takes all his will power not to fix his eyes on the angel again. He’s not sure he’d be able to look away this time. Instead, he narrows his eyes at the carefree devil enjoying the show, all tempting smiles and expensive drinks.
If possible, Cas gets even closer, and Dean feels even warmer than before. His angel squeezes him so tightly that he finds it hard to breathe for a second, but his tiny gasp alerts Cas that he’s over doing it, and he eases up, still holding him protectively against his chest.
Surprisingly, the man's grip on him tightens, and he agrees.
Cas's face softens, and Dean isn’t entirely sure if he read his mind or not.
Cas vehemently shakes his head, putting a hand on his knee as a small show of comfort that won’t make Dean back away.
He really should have realized he was well and truly fucked then. At the time, all he felt was fear and trepidation but now-
He breaks into a smile. He wasn’t a hundred percent certain what Dean’s heart's desire actually was, but he’s pleasantly surprised to have his hopes realized. The devil is grinning too for entirely different reasons.
Cas rolls his eyes like he’s being dramatic.
Amenadiel and Linda smile politely at Cas.
Cas rolls his eyes, not at all worried about the Empty anymore. He knows he is loved. There is little the Empty can do to hurt him anymore.
“If that’s how you feel, after this is over, I’ll do it again with a ring this time.”
The devil is not pleased.
He doesn’t finish the thought. He’s never heard exactly what happened, but he’s seen the emotional scars that angel witch left behind, and it’s reason enough to hate her.
"Traitors all of them," Crowley fumes.
"The usual, burgers, beer, and peanut butter and jelly sandwiches."
“Jack is too young to carry the heavy burden that has been forced upon him,” he says abruptly.
“You don’t have to answer that,” Cas says, sensing his sudden anxiety.
Cas’s lips press into a firm line, and his shoulders tense, almost imperceptibly. He pretends to look at Dean, but really, he’s staring at a nearly invisible stain on the bunker wall.
Linda makes a face, and Cas chuckles as he turns his attention to Charlie who’s staring at him as if he’s the most fascinating thing on the planet. He holds up a finger, and Charlie grabs it eagerly. Unfortunately, despite all his big talk, Cas seems to prefer to casually observe children from afar while Dean does all the actual work. He’s honestly surprised that Cas’s unexpected baby sitting gig went as well as it did.
“No, but you're a close second.”
“It’s too easy to get a rise out of you brother. You’re more like Lucifer than you realize. Threaten your little human, and you lose any and all common sense.”
Cas hesitates, aware that Dean fears being replaced. He has a feeling he knows exactly what the angel's about to tell him. He braces himself, expecting Castiel's version of events to hurt him him just as much as Jack's if not more.
“I let him touch them,” he clarifies.
“So, I’ve heard. Still, don’t completely understand why, I assume it has to do with Cas being some poor combination of born sexy yesterday and your own personal manic pixie dream boy courtesy of Chuck. ”
There’s no way the devil’s actually good.
“No, I’m afraid not. I thought it would be unwise to introduce you two at this juncture. I know you are not fond of Dean,” Cas says bracing himself for Lucifer’s response.
"You'll love the Ritz. The food is delicious."
Dean actively wilts under Cas’s stern gaze. He wasn’t exactly in the best headspace then.
“Yes, Lucifer recommended her after hearing everything I’ve been through. Doctor Linda specializes in helping celestials,”  he explains.
“I doubt it,” he says weakly.
“In that case, we’d be happy to babysit any time. Just give us a call,” Dean says, offering her his most charming smile.
The comment completely wrecks Cas’s concentration, and Michael easily parries with his own curved blade. He knocks his angel to the ground and nicks him on the shoulder. He bleeds, and there’s yet another cut that refuses to heal, marring the angel’s skin.
“Oh yes . . . that. I’m afraid the ship didn’t exactly set sail for reasons I’d rather not get into.”
Lucifer pinches the bridge of his nose, mentally counting to ten like he’s dealing with an escaped mental patient.
So sue him, he’s taking the stupid demon’s advice. Anything to nib this problem in the bud.
Castiel tilts his head and squints. The man seems to be a master of mixed signals. He decides to test the waters. Dean will never admit he likes him outright, but the man’s actions always give him away in the end. Just don’t ask him to list any examples right now, most of his past is under lock and key. He’s thankful for the tidbits slowly returning to him through some sort of supernatural osmosis that he suspects has something to do with engaging with the drunken man in front of him.
“Did Amenadiel rat us out?”
Aziraphale gives him a look and shakes his head. The man fumbles as he pours champagne.
Cas’s eyes soften and he strokes Dean’s cheek. He doesn’t pull away, savoring the small touch. It’s not like Sam hasn’t figured out what’s going on anyway. He has eyes.
“On the contrary, as long as Cas is happy, I’m happy. I’ve been cashing in favors left and right to get this wedding together by the fourteenth. The caterer just sent over some pie samples for the two of you to try. I assume Dean will get final say on this particular dessert. Go ahead and give them a try,” Lucifer says, holding a tray of too fancy to be real miniature pies.
“That’s all anyone can ask for. Lucy will take some time to come around, but you have my blessing,” Amenadiel says with such sincerity he wonders how anyone ever mistook him for a regular old human.
Practically, a shortened version of hurt my brother, and I’ll kill you, but he can live with that. If he were in the devil’s place, he’d say the same thing to someone with his terrible track record.
“Yeah, dude, first impressions don’t mean anything in the long run. I stabbed you in the chest when we first met, and now, I’m the love of your life.”
Dean flinches, wondering if the stink of Hell is still on him even after all this time. How could he ask something like that so casually? He has to remind himself the rules of this world are different. Demons are simply fallen angels that dared to question God. And yeah, he’s damn sure that most of them are nasty pieces of work, but from what Jack’s told him, Crowley’s practically a saint. The only thing keeping him from Heaven at this point seems to be lack of interest, and his slightly warped morality. In Crowley’s mind, he’s probably paid him a compliment.
“You’re a petty bitch, and I love you,” he says.
Cas flicks his wings and practically growls out his name.
The guy snickers revealing messy dark wings. Dean’s floored that seeing them has no real effect on him. He might as well be a beat up pigeon.
Castiel knew that was likely the case after that speech about family, but his heart still stutters, and he imagines his glittering wings begin to dull at the thought that the man he loves will never love him back, not in the way he needs. He must be a glutton for punishment because he decides he requires a more definite answer.
Michael has the audacity to look amused.
In that moment, he realizes he’s sabotaging himself again. He’s not that different from old Dean yet, but at least, his life is no longer some big cosmic joke. Even better, after that big damn speech and weeks of positive reinforcement, it’s become impossible to trick himself into thinking the angel doesn’t love him unconditionally. He simply wants to be worthy of that love.
Lucifer smirks, clearly teasing his baby brother.
“Yes but also no, that guy is just an emotionally constipated baby. You’re better off without him.”
“What kind of stupid question is that?”
Aziraphale definitely realizes something's off, but luckily, the angel decides to mind his own business.
“I see. Did they come here for retribution?”
If you told Dean a year ago that one day he would willingly enter a nightclub owned by the devil, he would have called you crazy, taken a swig of his beer and walked off. Yet, here he is waiting in line to enter some dumb club the devil opened for kicks that’s probably nothing more than a glorified drug den. To make matters worse, Sam is totally not on board with his plan to go in guns a blazin to rescue their angel. Yeah, he’d done some dumb shit, but he’d more than made up for it, and Dean had gone and left him in the damn psych ward as if no one would take advantage of a half-insane angel.
In which Lucifer and Castiel are both idiots that mean well
That gets a smile out of Dean, and he shrugs, figuring that he doesn’t really know enough to weigh in on the whole evil twin fiasco even if he wanted to. Already, he’s way more involved than he wants to be.
That gets his attention. Apparently, his angel has also been thinking about this for a while.
Dean scowls, hating how vague he’s being about the angel dick. Like seriously, it would be nice to know what he’s up against instead of the angel blindsiding him at the last minute.
“I’m trying to be better about it,” Dean says.
Cas nods, deep in though for several minutes, longer than what most people would be comfortable with. He waits, knowing the angel will snap out of it when he’s good and ready. Eventually, Cas takes hold of his hands and pulls him even closer. Dean gulps, distracted by the proximity of his boyfriend’s lips. How did he ever manage to keep it together during the apocalypse when the embodiment of lightning constantly stared at him like that? Well, he has no reason to hold back now.
“Jack surely said something,” he argues.
The sting of betrayal is written all over his face. Cas has actually been staying with ebony and ivory for months while he’s been driving himself crazy thinking his angel might be in trouble. How could he possibly think any of this is okay? He tries to take back his hand, maybe move to the comfortable looking recliner, but Cas pulls him back.
“Look Lucifer, I’m not your biggest fan, but you seem like a pretty reasonable guy in this universe. Can we at least talk to him? We’re just a little worried about him. He did disappear on us out of the blue.”
Cas takes the question at face value.
“I mean it,” he mutters helplessly into the crook of his neck.
“And, if Dean told you to jump off a bridge, would you do it?”
“I’ve waited long enough. Now, if you excuse me, I should go back before Dean impales himself on something else.”
“You are nothing like an average insert character in a wish fulfillment fantasy. I love you because you are you, not because you were the first person I ever saw. I assure you that you are not,” Cas says with a secretive smile.
The place is classy, modern and sleek with traces of ancient architecture thrown in. He mentally calculates which brother he’s dealing with, but there’s something about the soft subdued light that makes his stomach twist in recognition. He ignores his intuition even as the copious amount of alcohol and grand piano seems to confirm it. If he truly is in the home of the once glorious Morning Star, he knows he is doomed, knows where rebellion leads.
“I swear this is the first time he’s actually been interested. Normally, he’s like a deer in the headlights and ducks out before the fun starts, and I have to send the unlucky guy or girl home, or he just ends up staying up all night helping the poor boy or girl have an emotional breakthrough.”
Yikes, scratch what he said before, he’s super lucky his angel is an overprotective son of a bitch. He would have been duped within two seconds of leaving Cas’s side.
Dean freezes up as he looks directly at Amenadiel, Linda, and their impressionable angel baby. Whoops.
Eventually, the devil notices him and has the gall to wave. He says something to the miserable dude next to him, and the guy shuffles off. He beckons them over, still all sinful smiles and party boy attitude. He and Sam share a look, silently deciding it's worth the risk. They reluctantly follow the devil into his penthouse suite on top of the club. It’s about as classy as you’d expect from a man in a well fitted suit. It’s strange to see pieces of obelisk used as support beams in what otherwise looks like a typical penthouse. If he weren’t visiting the devil, he’d assume the ancient stone is no more than a good replica. The devil makes his way over to his impressive collection of alcohol and pours them each a glass of whiskey. Neither of them accept the drink, even though Dean desperately needs one after watching Cas sinfully belt out his desire for love to a bunch of horny strangers.
In which Dean and Cas meet this universe Michael and have a bad time
Shame he can’t remember why.
Cas’s wings puff up again, and Dean chalks it up to embarrassment.
Cas removes himself from Dean’s presence, clearly displeased as he throws him an exasperated look, the rare my boyfriend is an idiot one that almost never comes up because his angel is under the mistaken impression that he’s the world’s most precious gift to mankind.
“Lucifer can be petty, but he has a good heart. He’s come a long way in the short time he’s been on Earth,” Cas says without missing a beat.
Does Cas automatically get the front seat now? Should they legally adopt Jack? (Yeah, he’s God. So what? It’s not like he doesn’t visit.) More nicknames? Less nicknames? Should all his gifts be bee themed? Do angels have courting traditions he should look up? Wing sex is a thing apparently? Shut up, brain, we’ve been quiet too long.
“You were-uh- gonna say something about Jack?”
Dean gives the devil a dirty look, but the fact he’s blushing makes Cas think he might actually get lucky tonight. He keeps quiet in an effort to not ruin his chances.
The soft look hardens and another annoyed wing flick tells him that he’s in the doghouse.
“ I take no pleasure in hurting my baby brother. Well, maybe, a little, he’s a bit of a stubborn ass,” he says like this is a normal family get together, and he’s having a quick chat with them before he has to catch a plane.
"I tried to salvage my reputation by threatening to give them to Castiel so they could slowly wither and die in an underground bunker."
“Were we ever together romantically?”
Dean makes a decision. He’s going to charm the pants off the devil, figuratively of course. If nothing else, he’s going to be one Hell of a boyfriend, and good boyfriends win over their inlaws. First things first, he and Cas need to get on the same page and come up with some kind of strategy.
The dude has a point. There is no puppet master pulling their strings. No terrifying darkness compelling him to give in to his worst desires. No mirror of himself he can succumb to in order to be daddy’s perfect blunt instrument, and the monster at the end of the book has been vanquished for good. In fact, no one can ruin his own happiness except himself. The idea should be freeing but . . .
"Also, weirdly fond of frozen burritos and burnt nachos, I wonder why that is," Crowley says in a disapproving way.
“Dean, I know you. As soon as I say yes, you’ll text Sam, and by the time we get back, the wedding will already be planned.”
“I’ve never shoved someone further into the closet before. That’s a first.”
"I assured them that I could use my grace to keep them alive indefinitely and that I would never yell at them."
“If it’s about moving in together, I have news for you,” he teases, successfully getting a little blush out of him. They really have been doing things in the wrong order.
“Cassie, there’s something you should know about our previous guests. They’re from another universe and so are you. In fact, you actually already had a crush on Dean, and boy, does it show,” he says, chuckling to himself.
“I supposed not, but I would prefer to wait awhile before introducing you to him.”
“I see. So you’re saying this is a test of faith from Father. A temptation I must reject wholly in order to stay under the holy light of God. I may have recreated Dean atom by atom, but you’re right if he was meant to be Michael’s vessel. I must stand aside and offer him what help I can until that day comes, ” he decides finally, and it’s as if a weight has been lifted off his shoulders.
“What the Hell did you do to him?” Dean says, because that has to be what happened right?
They both confidently sit down at the nearest table without waiting for a server to seat them, and a young man eagerly comes up to the two angels unbearably excited.
Dean throws a chair. Forget New Dean, Old Dean needs an archangel blade yesterday.
“Of course, I trust you, Dean.”
Cas gets desperate enough to try and break free again. Against all reason, Michael lets him go, not at all threatened by the depowered angel. The angel he infected with humanity.
“Yeah, you weren’t.”
His eyes are sparkling and full of desire, but as much as he’d like to give in to the impulse and take Castiel up on his offer, he still has the devil to deal with. The devil who at the very least is guilty of introducing his poor wide eyed innocent angel to the highs and lows of hookup culture.
No, it’s his rotten luck that Castiel’s current role model is Lucifer. That’s bound to end super well. He’s not salty or anything.
“Then, how do I not know about any of this?“
Nevermind the fact that’s his third trench coat. He’s not about to undermine Cas in front of his older brother. Dean’s no nark, and he does indeed like the unflattering dorky thing.
The ride takes less than thirty seconds but feels like an eternity. He wishes he’d thought to fly out the balcony. Then again, he doesn’t want to encourage the rumors that he’s a real angel and blow his cover. Rainbow wings don’t exactly blend into the background. The club is unbearably crowded. He didn’t used to mind, but the hundreds of dancing bodies are in his way, and he needs to see Dean more than he needs the grace thrumming through his veins.
Oh, he never told Lucifer they weren’t planning to see him. This should be good. If there’s one personality trait Cas inherited from Chuck it's his tendency to avoid the real issue for as long as possible, preferably until there’s a literal apocalypse on their doorstep, and there’s no running away anymore.
Cas hands him a small bottle of holy water with a promise to bring him more next time. Crowley takes the offering and hastily stuffs it in his jacket. Aziraphale frowns in disapproval but doesn’t begrudge him the extra protection.
“Nah, we have plenty of nephews and nieces to dote on already, and I’m sure Eileen and Sammy will have one soon enough,” he says.
Damn. He’d been so preoccupied by his sappy romantic feelings that he almost forgot Lucifer hates his guts in this universe. Well, one way or another, he’s going to make the devil understand that he’s not about to let go of his little piece of Heaven. Time to put on a show the devil will never forget.
Dean is beyond confused. Isn’t this situation supposed to be the equivalent of your boyfriend moving back in with his family? What does Jack have to do with any of this?
It’s certainly better than starring in a horror show.
“It’s not a secret anymore, Dean.”
“No, course not, but family doesn’t-”
“I hate that Metatron cursed you with pop culture knowledge. I miss stuff flying over your head,” he says grumpily, trying to escape.
“Not all of it, no, Michael’s sudden appearance has recently forced me to come back and set things right. You’re lucky I was even here to get punched in the face.”
The man had been flirting, right? Then again, he hadn’t actually answered most of his questions. Maybe, he’d come on too strong, or Dean had realized that he had too much baggage for a one night stand. He hated himself for messing everything up. The feeling triggered something inside him, an echo of an unpleasant memory that he couldn’t begin to place.
He blinks stupidly, thrown for a loop. Where did he even get that idea?
"Didn't you say you ended up working at a gas station once? How did that even happen?"
His angel stays incriminatingly silent.
Oh, that hadn’t even crossed his mind yet, but the angel’s not wrong. Dean has a large network of friends (larger now that Jack has revived a huge chunk of them), most of whom probably have bets going on when they’d finally get hitched, assuming they ever did.
“Let’s get married.”
The fear that Cas will leave him again returns with a vengeance, and he tightens his grip on the angel. He’s heart jumps when Cas doesn’t respond in kind.
If he’s honest with himself, Castiel is afraid to even try.
Good. Either he fesses up here or they’re hashing it out in therapy, and he’s not above turning this into a screaming match where he airs all of Cas’s dirty laundry.
“That’s certainly a poetic end for him. Good luck wooing your Lumberjack,” he says, raising a glass.
He’s kind of glad he’s not all human right now because his heart just stopped. He wrenches himself from Castiel’s grip and stands up, already calculating the most hurtful thing he could say to end this conversation. In the heat of the moment, only one thing comes to mind.
“Later Righteous Loser. Say hi to Lucy for me.”
“I suppose we could go visit Linda and Amenadiel after our therapy appointment so you can meet baby Charlie. He’s surprisingly normal for a nephilim,” Cas says idly, less cagey than before.
“Hop on one foot.”
And yeah, that’s probably something they should be asking, even if Dean’s already figured as much. He’s just not a hundred percent sure it’s due to brainwashing yet.
“The pie eating contest was one day only, and Dean’s way of grieving is . . . strange.”
Lucifer chuckles, shaking his head like stealing kids is a perfectly acceptable hobby for angels to have.
“Only for a few seconds, I thought he’d be immune. He’s never had faith in Father,” he argues.
“I appreciate the effort Dean.”
He desperately needs a drink. Castiel immediately smashes the bottle he reaches for. Lucifer scowls, glad he didn’t go for something more expensive. He’s already had to go through one too many brawls today. At least, Castiel has an understandable reason to be cross with him. He still gets a headache every time he tries to figure out why Michael would even want to manipulate him for his entire existence.
Cas snarls, uselessly struggling against Michael. He worries when he sees blood trickle down his angel’s throat. Hating the idea he’s the reason his angel can bleed at all.
“What do you think we’ve been doing for the last ten years Dean?”
“Why’d you take him? Low on angels?” Sam asks. It’s a sincere question with none of the anxiety and fear that’s been plaguing his brother since the Devil popped into his head.
“Yes, Lucifer has most likely returned by now, and knowing him, he’ll hunt us down if we don’t hurry back,” Cas says, still refusing to look at him.
“Dean.”
“I’m going to have to ask you to stop pressuring me to drug my fiancé.”
Lucifer’s drink shatters in his hands, and his eyes turn into Hellfire. The devil is losing patience with him.
Something inside him tells him to forget the dance floor and check the bar. Sure enough, he finds Dean at the bar with his face pressed against the bar top, clutching a cocktail. It’s one of the fruitier varieties. The tall man next to him looks at Cas in surprise. He recognizes him but can’t recall hearing his name.
Dean swallows thickly. The room has gotten way too hot. Maybe, he should have seen this coming considering a wavelength of celestial intent has ensnared him in his all encompassing light. Lucifer snickers, and his face feels flush. He definitely heard everything.
“I see. Came to see an expert did you?” He sets the drink down and walks away from him. Castiel knows he’s seconds away from being dismissed and decides to plead his case as quickly as possible. He will not leave empty handed, not when so much is at stake.
He didn’t used to believe it, but he knows somewhere deep down that he is not worthy of the kindness that Lucifer has bestowed on him. He’s done terrible things. He just can’t remember them right now. Every time he tries, there is a void so vast he can never cross it.
“Michael, I didn’t think you’d show yourself in my presence.”
“Hey, how was I supposed to know angels were capable of love? ”
“Whatever, I don’t have a horse in this race. I’m not here to take sides. I just thought we should meet in person. Get the feeling, you’re not super thrilled I’m Cas’s fiancé.”
Cas scowls at the phone, and he can see the glimmer of near invisible wings raise up in agitation. He’s so much more expressive this way. It’s fascinating.
Cas sighs and finally puts the book down and joins him on the loveseat. Dean freezes up when he takes his hand, and he can’t help but glance at the other angel in the room. His eyes haven’t left the book he’s reading, but he’s smiling knowingly. Dean feels some of the tension in his muscles leave him and turns to look at Cas. He looks guilty but unashamed. There’s something determined in his gaze, and Dean knows he’s gearing up for a fight.
“So, what’s the plan?”
He’s not really sure. Maybe, the angel’s kept track.
Lucifer pinches the bridge of his nose and lets out a huff.
Yes but also no, he doesn’t really want to talk about that now. As much as he enjoyed Dean spilling his guts to him, it was entirely involuntary, and therefore, less satisfying than he would have thought.
Cas’s wings arch defensively, but he turns sheepish as he meets Amenadiel’s gaze.
Cas's expression becomes serious and he frowns.
“I should have told him sooner. And, now, he’s- I wasn’t ready for him to die so soon. What do I do now?” he says helplessly, sitting on the couch as his anger morphs into full blown panic.
“Wait, you fell in love with Michael’s sword. I don’t believe Father would, and I never said-” he said, more flustered than he’s ever seen him in any universe. He seems truly baffled by Castiel’s decision.
“So, don’t look so down about being second best. You’re family. It doesn’t matter how many times you fuck up. I'll always want you by my side.”
“I don’t think I’ve ever heard his name pronounced that way.”
The devil reigns himself in and begrudgingly gives him an explanation.
“Nothing I can’t handle. Stay behind me,” Cas says, forcibly pushing him back as he staggers forward. He has a ton of shallow cuts and the angel’s breathing heavily like he’s actually winded. It’s strange how much damage one little wall throw caused.
The answer is not as definite as he would like, but it’s enough for him to come to a decision. His life with Lucifer is good if by no means perfect, and he’s caused this man enough pain. He’ll let him go despite everything in his being screaming for him not to.
“Sorry,” he mumbles to the sleek black tiles below him before finally daring to meet the devil’s eyes.
Dean might as well have thrown ice cold water on Cas. He withdraws from him, physically and emotionally, stiffly turning around so he doesn’t have to look at him anymore.
He gives a little bow as he runs off with his tail between his legs. Dean can't help but snicker. Maybe, there is still a little Hell left in him.
“ Michael got into my head. I’m sorry. I should be stronger than this,” Cas says like this is all his fault.
Okay, maybe, they can pretend the wedding is still happening for another few minutes while he indulges in pie. Unfortunately, Cas snatches his hand and shoots him a disbelieving look that says we are not lying to the devil so you can have desert.
He’s this close to making it out of here without embarrassing himself.
He turns his back on him, and Dean suddenly has to deal with the fact that he’s on top of some no name building. Knowing his luck, the way inside is locked, and he’s too old to be breaking down doors.
He’s a blip in the angel’s long and mind bending history, an unimportant, forgettable, painful chapter that he’s buried deep in his mind.
He rolls his eyes, kind of over being called out like a misbehaving dog every time he does something the angel doesn’t like.
“I’m glad, truly. I may still have my reservations about the match, but it’s obvious you care for each other.”
“I didn’t say that.”
“I don’t need another speech declaring your undying love for me. I know how you see me, but I can’t help feeling I’m getting the better deal here. You’re a freaking angel.”
Oh wow, Lucifer literally took a baby on a murder investigation, even he’s not that crazy. Sure, he reluctantly let Jack tag along on a few cases, but it had been Sam’s idea. Then again, in his mind, he was going to have to kill the kid sooner or later so it totally hadn’t been a bonding thing. Whatever, he might not be father of the year, but he can definitely handle taking care of a baby. He tries not to think about the time a demon almost made off with a kid he was babysitting. Dean has a feeling this world isn’t nearly as dangerous as theirs. No sense giving in to his paranoia.
“Dude, I was joking. Don’t you need that to live?”
"Fancy that, avoiding the subject, been spending time with Lucy have you?"
Castiel expects him to say no. The man doesn’t owe him answers, not after everything he’s done. The angel can live with not knowing if it will spare this man pain.
“Yeah, definitely.  Either way, I need to get on her good side,” Dean says.
"None of the plants there take me seriously anymore. I've become a joke," Crowley grumbles.
“But surely you can understand his side of things, now. I would wait before mentioning again. Let the idea simmer under the surface for a while. He’ll come to a decision on his own, one way or another,” Crowley insists.
It’s not fair. Lucifer has no idea the kind of inter species bullshit/Heaven drama he’s had to deal with to get this far with Cas. That’s not even taking into account Cas’s rusty people skills and their mismatched love languages. He wouldn’t have ever realized the last thing if Sam hadn’t gotten fed up with their rom-com levels of miscommunication and shoved a book into his hands.
He fully expects Cas to correct him and explain what they’re actually doing. Instead, it becomes super clear to Dean that he and Cas have very different ideas of what counts as fostering.
“Good.”
Lucifer’s mood has soured once again and only grows worse, the more he hears about Dean. There’s an intensity in his eyes as he grips his hand as if he too wishes to free Castiel from his current Hell.
Okay, so, he’s still an insecure teenage girl at heart. Sue him.
“So, what you’re saying is you need a couple of Xanax before the ceremony, let me give Linda a call and see if she can’t hook you up.”
“Sweet, I’m gonna text Sam before he orders flowers or something.”
“Cassie!”
“Considering finding out Heaven and Hell are real caused her to have a debilitating crisis of faith that nearly ruined her life, it would be unwise to put another therapist through such turmoil simply so my family has options on who to see. ”
“And, what’s your point? I would have done that anyway.”
“Y-yeah, I guess so.”
“I sometimes sing a set at my brother’s club. Somebody to Love is especially popular.”
Dean throws the stupid fork on the floor, not caring how much of a rude ass he’s being. Two hours, two whole hours, the kid made him look at forks, and he can’t even name the fork he brought with him.
“I wasn’t planning too. I just wanted to get away from you for a while, and I ended up here, because this is one of the few places where I feel at home even when you’re not with me.”
Lucifer smirks, taking the opportunity to finally get some alcohol in his system. If he had his way, he would be good and smashed already.
“Are you sure you want this one? I have Constantine on speed dial.”
He doesn’t know what else to say. It takes him a minute to even remember how the devil ended up being the topic of conversation.
“Chloe would beg to differ,” Cas snaps back.
The man lets him go, and Castiel takes that as his queue to remove himself from Dean as much as he doesn’t want to. He sits down next to him, determined to find out what exactly he did so he can give Dean a sincere apology.
“Well, don’t leave me in suspense. What kind of problem requires you to travel to an entirely different universe? ”
Dean stops struggling. Oh, how many of his subtle flirtations had Cas retroactively understood after Metatron beamed the knowledge into his head? Too many and the realization has him red as a tomato.
Cas’s wings slump a little in shame.
Okay, Dean has settled on feeling offended. He’s not a child dammit.
Ironic, he used to loathe them.
“No, it’s simply that you’re vulnerable to Michael’s particular gifts.”
“What else is new?”
The devil sounds exasperated, but Dean feels the tightness in his chest lessen. That sounds a lot more like the Cas he knew. Maybe, he’s still in there somewhere.
Lucifer steps out of the elevator, refusing to let him retreat. Devil’s out to prove a point.
He nods, feeling guilty for some reason.
“Cassie, you’re the baby of the family, and so help me, if he convinces you to elope and get married in Vegas I will have him murdered.”
Cas’s ice cold exterior melts when he sees how nervous Dean is. He’s sure the death grip he has on his hand also probably clued him in that he needs some reassurance
He’s hungry and more than ready to finish bible study for the day.
“He’s been working on boosting my self esteem,” he admits.
Aziraphale clears his throat, suddenly uncomfortable.
Cas doesn’t get it’s a rhetorical question.
“Luckily, their mannerisms are completely different. You should be able to tell them apart easily, especially after their last battle.”
“It’s not stealing if they like us better.”
“This is a dinner fork,” he says, holding the dinner fork proudly.
"Look who's overreacting now," Crowley teases.
“Thelma and Louise kissed, Dean, and you didn’t tell me. Now, you must suffer, ” Cas shoots back, lightly kissing his cheek for emphasis.
“I know good craftsmanship when I see it. Once a demon, always a demon.”
Dean goes from happily leaning against Cas to being unexpectedly scooped up so his angel can carry him bridal style. He should be embarrassed that Cas had the audacity to sweep him off his feet in public, but Dean finds himself liking it. He’s not sure he’s currently capable of expressing any negative emotion, or if he is, it’s being suppressed by the happy angel juice pumping through his veins.
“Dean the woman is married.”
Dean promises himself to never complain to Cas about personal space ever again.
“And green eyed prophets,” he adds.
“He’s upstairs researching with Aziraphale. It’s good you came. He was planning to come see you anyway,” Crowley offers helpfully before he can give in to his violent impulses.
Cas’s wings puff up for some reason, and he stands there speechless, blushing madly. Dean throws him a wicked grin. He should have done this years ago. The hunter in him reasonably reminds him that his sudden interest in marriage and babies is suspicious as Hell, but it’s such a rush to please his angel he ignores his instincts.
Dean finally succeeds in falling out of his chair.
Cas looks unapologetic as he looks him dead in the eye.
Thank you to everyone who commented and left kudos for this series. This is the intended finale, but if the mood ever strikes me, I may revisit this particular storyline again. Hope you guys enjoy the ending.
As much as he appreciates the friendly greeting, he wants a moment alone with Dean. Cas is entirely uninterested in making small talk with this man. He gets another snippet from the void.
“Dean.”
“You don’t have to prove anything to my brother, Dean. He’ll see that I’m happy and get over it eventually. Besides, I believe Amenadiel and Linda will be more understanding of our situation and help smooth things over,” he reasons.
Judging by Michael’s dumb face, he knows full well what just happened. He’s all happy go lucky deceptive smiles as he makes his way over to them. Cas holds up his angel blade, but he’s trembling. Dean makes an executive decision and takes it for himself so he can defend them both.
Dean bites his tongue, keeping his eyes on Michael. He’ll make damn sure the angel knows he has nothing to apologize for later. First, Michael needs to go.
“Thank you, Aziraphale. We’ll be sure to take you up on that offer.”
“Past tense, so something must have gone wrong. Tell me, what did I do to betray your trust?”
“I’m sorry you had to see that side of me, Sam. I know you’ve been through a lot. Angels are all about consent in your world until . . . they aren’t.”
There is a tense silence after that tells him that they’re definitely picking this up again during therapy, but Cas is willing to hold off airing his grievances until then. He hates himself for being so weak. In a perfect world, Dean would have gripped Cas tight and raised him from perdition instead of getting black out drunk every night and taking the first way out he could find.
Lucifer laughs, but Cas answers the question seriously because of course, he does.
“Don’t drag Amenadiel into this. Castiel is fine.”
Oh, that’s rich. The devil’s judging him now. He may not be perfect, but what did he expect him to do? Take the broken angel with him? (He kind of wishes he had.)
Castiel smiles, patting Lucifer’s shoulder twice in an effort to comfort him. It has little effect. He doesn’t mind that his older brother is uncertain of his path as long as Castiel is sure. Cas will not waver from his chosen path, no matter how he may end up suffering from it.
“It can be? T-That’s not important right now,” he stutters.
Does he? Dean swallows, conflicted. He likes the idea of basically calling dibs on Cas forever. A giant party on Valentines day terrifies him. And Jack help him if the theatre kids find out about it through the grapevine, all he can picture is a screaming match between Lucifer and Marie over flower arrangements.
“What? I was hopped up on angel juice. You can’t blame me for making impulsive decisions.”
“Why, hello there, you must be one of Lucy’s friends. I’m Castiel,” he says, holding out a hand.
Michael raises his wings in a familiar intimidation tactic. He’s beyond being impressed by something like that. All he sees is an easy target. He lunges, but Cas yanks him back.
“What? You gotta admit Michael acts more like the devil than this dude,” he argues.
The devil’s eyes flash red in warning, and Dean suddenly feels weak in the knees. Yeah, this guy definitely knows all of his worst sins.
He’s so awestruck by the devil’s classy digs that he almost misses Cas’s tucking his wings back into a different plane of existence. It’s only three seconds but the ethereal prismatic beauty of Cas’s wings make him go gaga all over again. He laments not being able to bury his hands into his angel’s soft feathers, but he takes comfort in the fact that Cas’s wings are still faintly visible to him.
Cas scratches at the stubble on his cheek and is suddenly fascinated by the bunker’s wooden floor. He doesn’t miss the slight blush on his face.
Dean runs away like a little girl, but like Hell, he’s going to stay and turn into a sobbing wreck in front of the clueless angel and his stupidly supportive big brother. Thankfully, the God in this universe is a little kinder, and Sam follows him out without a word. It makes sense that Sam doesn’t put up much of a fight. He didn’t even want to come here in the first place.
It takes a moment for Dean to collect himself.
“Maybe but if I don’t, I’m not going to force it. I’ll find another way to get over my issues,” he says despite Linda being his best shot of getting help without the danger of ending up in a mental asylum for his ‘delusions’.
The devil doesn’t bother to argue with him. Instead, they jump off of the balcony without warning, and Dean’s reminded that he’s deftly afraid of heights. Worse than that, his angel is dying on him again, and he’s just giving up like his life means nothing. It’s maddening, hella frustrating, and exactly . . . what he did.
“Crap!”
Dean rubs his neck, more than a little self conscious. He’s completely out of his element here. Even with Lisa, he hadn’t really had the inlaw experience, because Lisa, bless her soul, realized he wasn’t ready for that. Part of him is sorry he couldn’t fit into the picture perfect Apple Pie life she’d offered him but most of him has greedily latched onto Cas and will fight anyone who so much as looks at him wrong.
“Unlike Lucifer, I know when the game’s over. You were never going to let him out of your sight long enough for me to do my thing. So, I thought I’d be more direct.”
Cas grimaces, once again pained by how little he thinks of himself, and yeah, it doesn’t really track, but Dean can’t see why else he’d deny him this. He’s a-okay, honest.
“You misunderstand the situation, Dean. As much as he disapproves, Lucifer is aware of how much I care about you. So, my brother is very indirect and subtle in his criticisms. He is less subtle about the fact that he thinks I can do better,” he says, obviously annoyed by Lucifer’s meddling.
Dean wraps his arm around his shoulder and gives him the most devastating smile he’s ever seen. He wants so badly to sear a mark into his flesh and hold onto him forever.
“He’s kind, compassionate, righteous, and his faith in me- his love for me is impossibly bright. I couldn't look away if I tried,” he finishes.
Dean enjoys the way Cas’s wings twitch behind his back nervously. He wonders what would happen if he tried to run his fingers through them now when they’re in a different plane of existence. He gets up, immediately giving in to the impulse. His angel doesn’t notice Dean sneaking up behind him.
“Let’s put a pin in it for now. Give you two a chance to talk.”
“Tell me what to do.”
“He was patron saint of beekeepers for a reason,” he says.
“Okay, you were right to reschedule the appointment. I don’t think it would be ethical to talk through your issues when he can’t hold back,” Linda says, silently psychoanalyzing him with a worried frown on her face. He’s too blissed out to feel self conscious about it.
Lucifer tries hard not to laugh in his face. Sam just gives him a disbelieving look that says ‘Really? You’re going to flirt now.’ Dean simply grins and offers him a tiny shrug. So, he’s having a little fun with Hell’s angel before they snap him out of it. He doesn’t see the harm. Unfortunately, the next words out of the angel’s mouth nearly give him a heart attack and remind him that Cas has indeed been hanging out with the devil.
Dean flinches, not at all expecting the devil to outright offer to set Cas up right in front of him. He feels a little better when Cas rolls his eyes and gives Lucifer a knowing look.
“And, her being a shrink to all your relatives and friends isn’t it?” he says because it’s true. Sam had said as much when he'd talk to him about going to therapy in another dimension.
Dean swallows nervously. Yeah, he’s like ninety percent sure that having another kid this soon after their official hookup is a bad idea, but Cas wanting to provide does things to him. He manages to fight the impulse just barely.
Dean had run away after Cas said that whatever he couldn’t remember didn’t matter.
Dean catches the sleeve of his trench coat before he can retreat any further. There’s one more thing he needs to get off his chest while he’s still brave enough to say it.
Cas chuckles as Dean slowly lures him into a false sense of security. The naive angel really thinks he’s going to let this go.
“I need to see, Dean,” he says, slamming his shot glass onto the table and abruptly getting up.
He turns beet red. Even when he wins, he loses. He’s jealous of himself. What’s with him and imagining his angel having torrid affairs? He’s not some easily scandalized Victorian maiden.
“Dean.”
Maybe, his new Apple Pie adjacent life can include all of Cas’s remaining family after all.
“I don’t think Father would care. We stripped him of his power and doomed him to die of old age,” Castiel says bluntly, taking what he said at face value.
The man blushes and stutters as he tries to finish serving them with his dignity in tact.
This time, his angel senses something isn’t quite right and looks at Dean for clarification. He claps Cas on the shoulder to let him know he has everything under control.
Cas nods reluctantly, barely registering the words.  Dean wants so badly to grab him by the shoulders and yell at him until he gets it through his thick skull that he’s worth more to him than the whole world. Why can’t he see that?
The rest of the lights go out. He doesn’t see how, but suddenly, he’s safely on the leather couch, and Cas has Michael by the throat pressed into some sort of ancient stone the devil shouldn’t have the permits to place in his suite.
“If that were true, Dean, we wouldn’t be having this conversation. It’s sweet that you want things to go better this time, but I’ll always be grateful that I met you. No matter what any of my family thinks of you.”
“Sure Dean.”
Okay, no, there’s selfless then there’s too dumb to live.
For some reason, the term baby sets him off like nothing else.
“Unfortunately, Lucifer is very aware of everything that happened during our tumultuous courtship, and while I have done equally horrendous things to you, your actions as a whole do not paint the prettiest picture. ”
“He’s as good as married, and I have someone else in mind,” he says, squeezing his shoulder meaningfully, an amused sparkle in his eyes.
To be honest, he’s iffy on how true that is, but he has trouble picturing relationships without sex in general. Cas was a twelve year anomaly and a good chunk of that was repression and Cas’s seemingly lack of interest outside of Endverse Cas. (We don’t talk about Endverse Cas.) So, maybe, Cas’s past romances aren’t something he’ll ever be able to picture.
In which Dean blurts out a proposal to Cas in front of their future therapist and brother in law
PDA is still kind of hard for him to deal with. Infamously, sex crazed, Lucifer smugly eyeing them with approval isn’t helping.
“Who else could handle that kind of power?”
“What happened to green eyes?”
He feels a headache coming on. Good thing Chuck destroyed every other alternate universe directly connected to their timeline before they could go too far down that rabbit hole and have to discuss whether or not seeing other versions of themselves counts as cheating. Dean’s not super sure he’d have been able to turn down, shell of himself Endverse Cas if he’d tried hard enough. He also got super lucky that Cas never met perfect well adjusted rich Dean before he got his hooks into him. Coincidentally, his angel is not allowed to go anywhere near Brazil.
“Maybe, we can even bring Charlie to meet little Charlie at some point. Get some cute pictures,” he says, already mentally adding a nephew he’s never met from an angel he hadn’t even heard of until two weeks ago to his extended family tree.
The man lets him go and part of him regrets asking.
He has no idea what he's doing so he might as well order the first thing that looks good.
“Wait, I know how that sounds but-”
Dean laughs but it’s broken.
Michael chuckles, lazily pressing his curved blade against Cas’s throat. It’s anyone’s guess whether he’ll follow through. Dean’s not about to take that chance.
Lucifer has had a very bad no good day. Chloe finally knows what she was created to be and has decided her life is a lie, and there doesn’t seem to be anything he can do to change her mind. That knowledge won’t stop him though. Game night is in a few days, and the Detective never misses that. Surely, she’ll realize by then that being a Gift from God doesn’t change anything between them. Yeah, when he first found out, he completely moved house and ran away, but the Detective is a rational creature. She’ll eventually want to talk. He just needs to be patient, and in the meanwhile, he's going to be his best charming self. So what if he’s a few thousand years out of practice, Lucifer is nothing if not stubborn, and he knows what he has with Chloe is real, despite his Father willing her into creation in the first place. For the first time in a millennia, he thinks of Castiel and hopes the poor misguided bastard is doing better than he is with his celestially acquired bae.
Cas presses his forehead to Dean’s, and he imagines the sudden warmth along his back are his angel’s wings wrapping around him.
“Don’t take baby brother for granted, and we won’t have a problem.”
“Do you really want me? ”
“Congratulations on the engagement by the way. I’ll be stepping in as the wedding planner naturally. I’m thinking a blue-green outdoor celebration, and I’m willing to make it somewhat Scooby Doo themed, but I refuse to hire a sweaty man in a dog costume. You’re adults.”
He’s too much of a coward to say that part out loud.
“You have a lot to offer a child, Dean. I value your practical experience with them and have no doubt in your ability to care for one.”
Dean’s grin if possible grows wider, and he wiggles his eyebrows suggestively. He’d definitely be into that. Cas turns even more red and breaks eye contact with him. Well, if that isn’t a first, he thinks to himself, taking a sip of his drink, feeling accomplished.
Castiel looks down, rubbing his neck.
“You have nothing to worry about Dean,” Cas says, forcing him out of his head.
He was hoping his honesty would put Lucifer at ease. If anything, once he’s aware of the reason for his visit, Lucifer grows colder. He takes a breath, silently calculating. Castiel automatically tenses, weary of his brother’s silver tongue. Finally, he seems to relax, settling on a strategy.
Sam shuts his mouth and that is that.
Great another perfectly good nickname Cas won’t let him use for ridiculous reasons.
The elevator door opens, and he swallows nervously. His every instinct is telling him to tear open space and time and fly home. He notes the easy smile on his brother’s face and dares hope that he has not crossed several dimensions and ignored protocol for nothing. The easy smile leaves immediately when he sees him, and for a second, he is apprehensive, assessing if he is a threat. He can’t help but be reminded of himself every time Heaven makes a house call to Earth. Castiel continues to stare at this odd version of Lucifer who reminds him more of Michael than the brother he’d once known. They certainly had similar tastes in fashion. Standing his ground turns out to be the right call, Lucifer’s eyes light up in recognition and any and all suspicion melts away.
In Which Dean has a chat with his God son and worries Cas has run off with another Crowley
Cas leaves the thought incomplete, letting it linger, clearly teasing. Dean can’t take it.
"You were gone, Dean. Michael had you, and I could see that Jack needed the break, needed a familial connection he'd never be able to have with Kelly's family without endangering them or breaking their hearts. So, I went to visit Aziraphale for the first time in years and brought Jack with me. I’m glad I did. He’s much happier than I’ve ever seen him. Jack took a liking to Crowley especially.”
The bastard of an angel framed him.
Lucifer chuckles as he straightens his jacket. Wings stretched wide, ready for take off.
“I only recently reconnected with Lucifer after your untimely demise. I visit when you are busy with your other loved ones, and I have nothing to attend to. The last time I did so was when you forbade me from going with you when you finally went to visit your father," he explains.
“It doesn’t bother you, Cas? That you can’t remember?”
“We need to get out of here,” he says, more to himself than Dean.
“He didn’t want to involve Cas, but he name-dropped Charlie in his evil villain speech as an and I quote, Pawn I can’t ignore.”
Lucifer presses his hands together, eyebrows furrowed in deep concentration as he takes in Dean’s words. Finally, he points to him and gives the last answer he expected. He’s not sure whether to laugh or curse the devil’s one track mind.
If possible, Dean becomes angrier than when Castiel denied him alcohol.
“You bastard, you’re going to let your little brother die because you don’t like me. Well, screw you, I at least know one other angel who will give a damn.”
“ We’ll do whatever you wish in that regard, and if you are not comfortable with me presiding over Heaven while Jack is away, I will stay here a bit longer and try to find another solution,” Cas reasons.
“And? We’ve all made mistakes. We raised him as a family, and he turned out to be the ultimate good. You’re being too hard on yourself. There is no mortal that has been through what you’ve been through and remained so pure.”
“Oh please, Castiel was miserable and out of his mind. I got him some clothes that actually fit him, and helped him come to his senses, your welcome,” he says, taking a shot from their untouched whiskeys.
Dean lets out a dramatic sigh and imagines giving Castiel the finger. His angel gets the message and stops peeking in, rolling his eyes.
“Let’s forget the kid thing for now. I don’t think we’re ready.”
He’s sure such a statement would have once left him overjoyed. Now, he is ambivalent at best. From what he’s heard from Lucifer, being the favorite is rarely a good thing. On a whim, he decides he’d rather know if the man in front of him favors him or not.
The whole wedding deal wasn't gonna be thing originally, but I woke up one day and chose violence.
“Lucky for you, you're God’s new favorite. He brought you back,” he explains.
Why is it that every time he tries to connect to a human they end up bursting into tears? Castiel replays the conversation in his brain trying to figure out where he went wrong, but nothing in particular jumps out at him. He’s sure he did everything right this time. Dean seemed receptive to his advances and was obviously attracted to him. The guy had been staring at him all night, looking at him like he’d willingly fall to his feet and worship him. As blasphemous as the sentiment is, he can’t say he wasn’t flattered.
That gets his attention. He stands up straighter, looking a little guilty himself.
“Then, why the hell was he bleeding in the first place?”
Understandably, he freaks the Hell out especially when Cas nods in agreement.
Dean is beyond shattered as his biggest fear comes to fruition.
“I wasn’t stalling. You’re a Winchester. Trouble finds you. Best you’re not caught off guard because I neglected to share a vital piece of information,” he says like he hadn’t been super vague about the whole thing.
“I take it you’re here to see Castiel?” His tone is perfectly friendly, but he can tell the dude’s not happy about it. Sam frowns, probably thinking the same thing.
Dean tries not to think of Adam. To this day, he can’t conceive of the boy saying yes. So, the only conclusion he can draw is that Michael took Adam as a consolation prize when Dean went back on his word.
“Always,” Cas says, pressing a small kiss onto his cheek which is nice, but he’s craving a Hell of a lot more than that after everything.
Cas grunts, noncommittally, refusing to let him go. Dean doesn't really mind.
Dean smirks already guessing how that turned out for him.
“Alright lovebirds, we’re taking you and your boyfriend to the Ritz to celebrate you two getting back together without either of you having to die first. For you two, that shows real growth,” Crowley says, obviously privy Dean’s entire life story.
“Am I?”
“And you call yourself an angel,” he says accusingly.
Cas starts to cry, more like full on broken sobbing right in front of him. Shit. He didn’t want that.
Useless suicidal Dean with the screwed up childhood.
“I’m not having a repeat of that conversation. So, you better remember the whole thing so we can take your sorry ass home,” Dean presses.
He doesn’t see this conversation going anywhere good if they continue so he figures it’s time to cut his losses and ignore the fact he has babies on the brain.
“Dean, I’m trying really hard to like you, but you’re making it so difficult.”
He really is the angel’s undoing.
Oh, he hadn’t even considered that. Maybe, he could mentor kids who had the unfortunate luck of being dragged into the hunter life, kind of like what Bobby did with him and Sammy.
“I know you think you owe him but-”
He must have gotten better at witty banter since they first met because Dean looks mildly shocked before he grumpily pushes him away.
He says nothing for a beat before all but admitting he’s right.
“You’re right. I’d rather not return while Dean is compromised. Our world is a bit less forgiving than yours. I accept your invitation, but please be on your best behavior,” Cas says with an air of resignation.
“Stay out of this,” he says, reclaiming his weapon. His hands are steady again so he willingly lets the angel blade go.
Dean would prefer not to make an ass of himself this time, and he’s not super confident he can pull it off as he is now. His emotions have been all over the place lately like the bottle containing all his stupid feelings has finally popped open, and its too late to put the cap back on. Sam would say his sudden emotional vulnerability is a good thing, a sign that he is healing.
“Would he hurt a kid?”
An uncomfortable silence follows, and he half hopes that one of the angels will barge in and free them from the oppressive silence. Hopefully Aziraphale and not the one he royally pissed off by implying he was secretly an archangel. He's not sure he believes it even though he's technically already lived through that plotline with Gabriel aka The Trickster.
Dean’s had it. Cas knows from experience he can’t handle this kind of scrutiny, not when it comes to his feelings. He’s about to ask the devil to back off and give them some privacy when Dean beats him to the punch.
"I'll have the same, and I am also Mr. Winchester by the way, but I am very flattered. You are a very handsome man,"  Cas says in his usual deadpan.
"We should give them a little nudge, least we could do after Lucifer helped us get hitched, even if I hate the way that dumbass went about it."
Cas is the one holy thing he’s ever believed in, and for some reason, the sight of his wings hits him like a truck. He wants to forget the lies, the pain, the treachery. He wants to believe again.
He nearly trips over himself as everything clicks. Turns out, they’re both idiots who think they’re the worst person to ever exist. He mentally adds self worth issues to their respective lists.
“Please,” he murmurs, burying his face in his neck. He can feel the exact moment Cas caves. He sucks in a breath and when he breathes out, his resolve breaks.
He’s so wrapped up in his head that he doesn’t notice the sudden fire in Cas’s eyes like he can single handedly stop middle age from slowing him down and wearing him out.
“We should probably get going.”
“Then, trust me.”
The explanation is maddeningly vague, but he latches out to the part he doesn’t understand.
Cas relaxes, humming thoughtfully.
There’s a hint of a smile on Cas’s face, but it fades quickly.
“So, we ever gonna visit your third secret family? With the nice Devil and the Angel Baby Daddy? Or was that just pillow talk? ”
"Says the angel who ran away from home."
“End in blood, I know. I’ve gone to visit Claire and Kaia just as often.”
He can’t find it in himself to be sorry about that.
He knows it's irrational to be jealous of the most taken man in existence, but he can’t help it. Cas is amazing, and he’s stupidly confident that the angel could seduce the demon if he tried. He certainly managed it when he was one.
“It’s okay Dean, but please stop talking,” Linda says with the anxiety of a new mother that’s not about to hesitate when it comes to her baby.
“Heaven’s no, fairly sure, they came to take you back with them, not that they deserve you. You’re welcome to stay here and forget that wretched universe if you prefer.”
He takes out his cell, but Cas yanks the phone out of his hands before his brother can dial their future shrink’s number.
It’s not so much a question, but a less than subtle hint to stop being a stubborn ass.
Dean allows himself to relax and chuckles a little.
“I love you. I only wish you loved yourself just as much.”
Then again, anyone can be good with the right script. He’s kind of glad there’s a version of Jack's biological father that isn’t a total douche. If their Lucifer had been anything like the one in front of him, maybe, he wouldn’t have been so quick to write Jack off as a lost cause.
“Listen here, you little shit if this is a ploy to make me jealous-”
Dean winces picturing every instance where he’s failed their son. Cas really has no idea how badly he messed up with Jack. The kid was too much of a sweetheart to rat him out, especially after he did a one eighty and started treating him like their kid instead of Lucifer’s.
