“You are.... you can’t deny that John, no matter how hard you are trying to. You don’t have to do this, John... Let me go and I won’t arrest you... I’ll let you live with him and I will take care of whoever is asking you to do this job.”
“Piss off,” Sherlock said smugly with a smirk playing on his face. He looked at John out of the corner of his eyes and then they both fell into a fit of laughter and John leaned against Sherlock for support. Sherlock liked it when John touched him he decided. He also liked John's smile, his laugh, the way he talked, his voice, his beautiful dark blue eyes, and his perfect teeth. Sherlock liked everything about John and he caught himself thinking that he wanted to be the cause of his smile and his laugh as much as he possibly could.
The DI cut him off, “Sherlock. I need you to calm down. Your father was a man who had a lot of power, I know he wasn’t a nice man, and clearly you know that too… but Sigar wasn’t armed, Sherlock. It wasn’t self-defence, John acted out of rage… As much as I hate to lock him up for this, what he did was a crime and it needs to be taken care of.”
On June 27, 2014, exactly two year after Sherlock's death, Mike walked into John’s room to check on him. However, what he found broke his heart. He ran to the bed to check on John, but he was too late – hours too late. He climbed in the bed and held John’s lifeless body in his arms as he sobbed. He looked down and saw that John was holding some stuffed squirrel. He didn’t see the relevance in that, but he also didn’t dare take it out of John’s hands.
“John…”  Sherlock said hesitantly, watching as John pounded away at his father. It was quite impressive, if not also terrifying.
“Because we aren’t lost,” He grumbled. “I know exactly where we are.” Sherlock puffed out his chest with confidence and kept up his walking pace.
The letter made John smile and that made him smile more because even though they were thousands of miles apart Sherlock still had the ability to make him smile, not only smile either, he still had the ability to make him feel better when he was down.
He spent most of his time working on cases for Scotland Yard. Some guy named Alex Thornehall was the new DI and he would let him work on cases, but only because Garrett put in a good word for him. Though, he mostly just did cases for Garrett anyway, he was higher up in the chain of command and him and Sherlock had an understanding relationship. Anderson was still there and Sherlock hated him, but he hated Sherlock as well so he supposed it was only fair. A new girl named Donovan had just started a couple of months ago. She and Anderson would hook up and shag despite the fact that Anderson had a wife. It made Sherlock rather sick, but then again all relationships did nowadays. Ever since John died he vowed to never let himself fall in love with another human again – human error. He told John once that Mycroft was right, caring wasn’t an advantage, but he didn’t expect it to ever be as much of a disadvantage as it was now. The pain that he felt was worse than anything he had ever felt before, and not only that, but he was still hurting and it had been three years. Some days he couldn’t even use his brain and that was literally the only thing that kept him going. No, caring was not an advantage and he would not succumb to ever falling, or caring for that matter, for another human again. This feeling that was so persistent and made itself worse at times wasn’t going to get any better and that pained him even more at the knowledge of that, maybe one day it would lessen, but he knew it would always be a dull ache at the very least. He just felt empty.
It's still not the end of the story (maybe???)! but a good place to end it for now. But awww aww awwwwwww isnt it so cute? I'm peeling!!
“Good,” Mycroft let out a breath of relief and nodded, “get some rest...” He said softly, he looked like he wanted to say more, but he shook his head once and then left the room.
He walked outside and hobbled down the street because Sherlock, the bastard that he is, left him! He turned the corner and just thought about not limping anymore because he didn’t have Sherlock to see him, but thought better of it because someone else could be watching – someone was always watching. He limped down the street when all of a sudden a bag was getting thrown over his head and he was being shoved into the car, “Oi! Watch it! Let go of me!” he growled as the door slammed shut and peeled away.
“Awww!! That’s so fucking precious!” He sneered as he just gave up on the ten pages and tore the book in half. It took less time and now the whole thing was destroyed. He threw the remaining scraps at Sherlock's face and started laughing hysterically, as did the rest of the team… all but John anyway.
“Would have made you tea, but I never know when you’re coming home these days,” He smiled tightly and then took a breath as he leaned against the counter, across from Sherlock. “Well, umm...” He trailed off because how do you even bring up things like this...? “Two weeks ago, when I went to get the letters your dad told me something... and I’ve been avoiding telling you because I don't exactly know how... and it never seems like a good time anyway.” He took a shaky breath, “but I can't hold it off anymore and I know that... Sherlock, your mum has cancer...” He whispered.
She swallowed. “Yes, I'll be gone for exactly two weeks… but hey! Better than two months right?” She tried to lighten Sherlock's mood, but nothing really did.
Sherlock sighed. It would be interesting to see how people lived in this era.. “Fine.” He smiled a little. “Lead the way, Doctor.” He hummed.
“Sherlock! You are not! You didn’t know I was alive and I know that if you did know I was alive you wouldn’t have slept with him. I’m a bit angry that you did, but I have no right to be and I’m not going to leave just because you slept with him... Though, I’m angrier at the fact that it took you a week to stop, but I guess we never explicitly said we were still dating… just as long as you don't do it again – I mean if we start dating again that is.”
know is that you need to eat.” He said softly. Lestrade watched as John nodded slowly. He smiled brightly and stood up. “Well then come on!” He guided John out of his office and then they climbed into Coach Lestrade's car.
Four months later and John was sitting in his flat. Sixteen months. Whoopdee-fucking-doo. He had gotten better about the drinking – yes, he still drank, and yes he still saw Sherlock, but he didn’t drink as much and he supposed that was something. John sighed and looked at the clock, it was around eight at night and John decided to go to the pub. Claire was working and didn’t get off until midnight he figured he could give her some company, and it was better than sitting in the flat alone.
John cut him off hastily. “No! No... I’m just saying its fine, it’s all fine…” He then smirked and turned to Sherlock. “You got one thing wrong though.”
The car pulled up to the house and John got out without a word. He needed a shower even though he wasn’t necessarily dirty and had just taken one before he ran out of the house, but he just needed to wash all the bad stuff away, watch it run down the drain and disappear forever. However, he knew that was impossible… He sighed as he went up to his room and went into the bathroom. He turned the faucet and stripped down to nothing. After a while the room filled with steam and he sighed happily as he made his way over to the shower and stepped inside.
Sorry my dudes! I didn't get this up as soon as I wanted, but you didn't have to wait a year which I think is really great!
“Yes, of course, John... and I love you. Where is this going?” He was getting a bit fidgety, he didn’t like the tone in John’s voice. It sounded too close to the tone one used when they were about to break up with you, or give you news that wouldn’t be received well. Either of those options were unacceptable.
John swallowed and arched his neck again. “I’m sorry I didn’t tell you where I was going… I wanted it to be a surprise and I wanted to make you happy.” He whispered and then the next thing he knew he was being pulled away from the wall and dragged to the bed. Sherlock pushed him on it and then he was crawling on top of John.
John kept his eyes fixed on the opposite wall and swallowed, “Sherlock while you were off ‘hating’ me I had time to think... really think about what I wanted in life and where I should go... I—Sherlock I need to thank you because without you doing this to me I know for a fact I wouldn’t have made this decision and I probably would have regretted it in the years to come...” He closed his eyes and took a breath, “I probably would have ended up resenting you and it wouldn’t have worked out for us in the long run anyway. Might not work out now. But because of what you did, I was able to think. Think for just myself and not have to worry about what anyone else thought.”
John rolled his eyes and went back to what he was doing previously. Brian and John were the captains of the rugby team, but sometimes John just wanted to punch him. Brian was tall – very tall, lean, extremely fit, and had short, blond hair on top of his head. Brian was considered attractive by many of the girls at their school, but John was a guy so he couldn’t know something like that.
He stayed in the bath for a long time before he got out. He would have stayed in longer, but he had to get out because of school. School was completely awful without John to make it better, but he had chemistry where they got to sit together so he thought that that was alright in a way... Sherlock didn’t talk to John and John didn’t talk to him, but he was sitting next to John and Sherlock thought that that was at least better than nothing. Sherlock got dressed and then managed with his curls before he went downstairs to leave.
John frowned a bit because he didn’t even know what day it was, “what day is it?” he swallowed. He didn’t know how long he had been out.
John wasn’t coming up... which left Sherlock with two outcomes... either John was dead, or he was stuck and couldn’t get to the surface. Sherlock was not going to settle for the first option because dammit this was all his fault. He quickly scanned his surroundings and found a rock, he didn’t even know if this was going to work, but he grabbed that rock and then dove into the water. He had to try... He had to try for John.
“Nothing is wrong!! But you should really tell Cakeman to stop spinning the room around.” He squeezed his eyes shut tight and held his mouth slightly. If Mycroft didn’t stop spinning the room there was going to be throw up everywhere. Why was he spinning the room anyway? What a tit. Who just goes around spinning rooms?
Still, he couldn’t help but hope that Sherlock would call him, that he would finally give in and tell John everything, but the longer that time went on the more unlikely it seemed. He wanted to be the number one priority in Sherlock's life, because Sherlock was the number one priority in his, and perhaps he fooled himself into thinking that by leaving Sherlock would finally come to his bloody senses, but here he was. A week later. In a dodgy motel that didn’t have air conditioning, listening to the constant sounds of people shagging.
John stared down at them for a moment before setting the water down on the desk and setting the box of tissues in his lap, “Are you going to be in here while I watch them?” He asked quietly because honestly he didn’t know if he would be able to handle it if Mycroft was hovering over his shoulder.
A month later and Sherlock’s mother was only getting worse, though, they knew from the beginning that she wasn’t ever going to get better. Sherlock acted like he was fine, but John could see right through him and it pained him that Sherlock wouldn’t even show him his true feelings in the privacy of their home. Still, he didn’t blame the man, he knew how hard this was for him and if he was in Sherlock's position he would try to remain strong as well. John would be the anchor Sherlock needed, he swallowed and held his hand one dreary afternoon, “So, I heard that she gets to go home today...”
usually I have loads to talk about, but I'm tired and listening to a johnlock playlist and I'm going to go cry....
What did the Penny say to the other Penny? ((Again I havent looked at the answer, but i'm going to say See you on the flip side?))
Sherlock took a breath and licked his lips, “Can I kiss you?” He asked softly. His heart broke when John shook his head, but he did understand.
John swallowed and nodded slowly, “I would like that too, Sherlock, I really would. And I might get really angry with you too sometimes, you know how bad my anger can get. We just have to learn how to adjust to having each other in our lives again.” He whispered, gently swiping his thumb over the back of Sherlock's hand.
Hey hey heyyyyyyy it's me again! I feel like I haven't been away that long, but who the hell knows nowadays? anywayyyy this chapter is hella long... like SO LONG! So I suppose that makes it worth the wait? It's also three in the morning right now but I'm not going to post this until like four PM tomorrow so like.... that's cool. Anyway I have some more stuff I want to talk about, but I'll do that at the bottom.
The anger washed over John again and dammit all to hell counting backwards from ten wasn’t working this time! His mobile started to vibrate in his pocket and this just made him even more angry and anxious and agitated because he wasn’t about to answer it and the constant buzzing was pissing him off! He decided to step in and put an end to… well to whatever
HIYA!!! It feels like I havent updated this in years, but it has only been weeks and tbh I literally wrote this in one night, which was tonight, and edited it by myself because I couldn't be arsed to send it to my beta and I just wanted it up... so yeah!
"Oh. I suppose you should. He might wonder where you are and then this whole thing would be blown..."
John woke up with an excruciating headache, his body felt like he had been hit by a train and run over several times. He looked over to the right and saw the empty bottle of whiskey, fuck, had he drank that whole bottle? No wonder he felt like shit. He groaned loudly and closed his eyes again. He barely remembered anything, but he did faintly remember a mean Sherlock – fucking brain trying to punish him, hadn’t Sherlock punished him enough? Why was his brain trying to make him suffer even more?
Mycroft hummed and gently put a hand around John’s ankle, “Actually yes. I was going to rape you, but… that’s rather not me. I just wanted to feel close to Sherlock again and you’ve been with Sherlock so raping you seemed like the most logical option. However, once you came inside the house I realised I could never actually go through with it. You’re like my brother, that would be like me raping Sherlock and I couldn’t have that happen. Plus, if there
him! He didn’t want to be touched, but apparently they thought that that was the right thing to do. Sherlock swallowed and didn’t move a muscle until he heard the doorbell ring. Slowly, he got up and moved to the door, he didn’t know who it was, and he didn’t know what they wanted – he didn’t know anything, but it was better than getting mauled by a plethora of people. He opened the door with shaky hands and saw Brian standing there, smiling at him. He was talking to Sherlock, but Sherlock wasn’t listening and Brian didn’t seem to notice.
Mrs. Hudson answers and smiles as she takes him into her arms. He smiles tightly and hugs her back. His brain is still whirling, but he does care about Sherlock so he needs to do this. He slowly pulls away and walks up the seventeen steps. He hasn’t seen or spoken to Sherlock since... their fight... yes, let’s call it a fight.
John just stared at him blankly and Sherlock sighed, “Four suicides and now a note! Oh, this Is Christmas! Brilliant!” He flailed around and grabbed his coat and scarf.
Lestrade was just staring wide eyed at the pair and didn’t know what to say at all, “Jesus...” He whispered.
Sherlock frowned a bit and furrowed his brow, “what decision did you make..?” What decision could he have possibly made that was life changing? As long as he was next to John, Sherlock would follow him anywhere.
Sherlock didn’t open his eyes. He didn’t want to look at John's wet hair and sticky body. If he had he wouldn’t be angry anymore and they wouldn’t talk… which they really needed to do. “Hmm, I wonder why.” Sherlock said sarcastically.
John did laugh at that, a short dry laugh that didn’t sound anything like he was happy. “You know just how to do that. So unless that’s what you plan on doing, I’m going to hang up and I don’t want you to ever contact me again unless you’re calling to tell me the truth.” He picked up the remote and muted the telly so that he could hear Sherlock better, but also because the sound was driving him crazy while he was on the phone.
John grabbed three men, they were newer… probably only their first week in camp, and hid behind an old rusted car that had been abandoned long ago. This was where they all hung out and played cards, while drinking cans of beer, and fucking around, however, now it was going to be their shield. It may have been rusted and weaker than normal metal, but it was the only cover they had and he was going to make due of it. He was going to save these kids and as many more soldiers as he could.
John sniffled and nodded slowly. He stared up at Zack and wiped his wet cheek dry with the back of his sleeve. “Okay...” he sat up and brought his knees into his chest as he set his chin on top of them. “I woke up next to him this morning and I had to go shopping... I was buying him a couple of presents and I knew it would take all day, but he would have presents and flowers and chocolates when I got home so I thought it didn’t matter. Also we’ve been spending all of our time together that I thought that he would like the alone time...”
She sobbed in his arms and buried her face in his neck. "How could you do this to us??" She choked out. "More importantly how could you do this to John!!"
Suddenly, Sherlock groaned and managed to push Brian off of him, grumbling as he did so, “I’m fine, John.” The grumbling stopping abruptly, a smile spreading across his face as he saw John. “I got him...” His eyes drifted over to look at Brian who wasn’t moving.
“I can’t live with you Sherlock! I don’t know you!” John screamed and then started walking again, away from Sherlock, away from his house. Just away…
“I think you should go.” Sherlock whispered after an hour of silence – well, Aiden was talking the whole time during that hour, but Sherlock didn’t hear a word of it, he was lost in his own mind. Lost in the options he could take in order to get John back. There was only one it seemed and he wasn’t sure what the outcome would be. He didn’t want pity, and he didn’t want John to look at him differently, or take care of him differently. But that was selfish, wasn’t it? He was different. He wasn’t the same man that jumped off the roof of St. Barts, just like he wasn’t the same boy that John had fallen in love with when he came back from the army.
Later that night John snuck out of the flat. He knew Sherlock would be able to tell he was gone, but he also knew that Sherlock wouldn't try to follow him or be able to tell where he went. He took a cab to his car and then drove to his mansion. He was panicking and he hated every minute of it. He didn't want to do this and he didn't want to admit to anyone that he didn't want to do this.
Sherlock rolled his hips some and tangled one hand in John's hair, while the other hand held John hand that was holding onto the dog tags around his neck.
John just nodded and before he knew it Sherlock had him by the hand and was dragging them through the garden. They walked back into the house and up the two flights of stairs before they came to a stop at a door. Sherlock opened it, walked inside, and then shut the door behind them. Before John could say a word Sherlock had pushed him against the wall and was attacking his mouth. This kiss was different than the one they shared in the garden. It was more urgent and frantic. A raw and needy feeling that pulsed through both of them.
“Calm down?” he repeated with a blink, before rage filled his body, “CALM DOWN? GET THE FUCK OFF OF ME BEFORE I STRANGLE YOU!” He screamed and glared at him, he wasn’t the scared little boy he once was. Memories of Coach Lestrade danced through his mind, it didn’t haunt him anymore. That was long ago and nothing happened, but then he was frozen in place mentally… right now he was frozen in place physically, but that didn’t mean he was just going to lay there and do nothing.
John nodded and smiled. He picked up his cane because there was no use pretending to hobble now... They climbed into Mike’s car and Mike drove them to the hospital. They both climbed out and Mike brought John to the Lab and put his hand on the door. “Ready?” he whispered quickly.
John laughed so hard he almost fell off the bed as well. He peered off the edge of the bed and smirked, “Sherlock... I think it’s under the blanket with you.”
Sherlock swallowed and started picking up piles of papers and just putting them in another spot that didn’t help the cleanliness factor at all. “Yes, well, I can- umm- clean it up a bit.” He nodded and smiled at John.
“I am so sorry... I really am, but my mum is getting fed up with you here and you – you need to leave... by today...” He swallowed hard and shifted again. He was angry at his mum for kicking him out, but John would just sit on that couch and do nothing… and this wasn’t his house to rent out, his parents paid for it. He had to listen to them, even if he didn’t like their outcome.
John blinked. “No, Sherlock I’m not leaving you!” He growled, he opened his mouth to say more, but Sherlock cut him off.
It was always over the strangest things too. Sherlock would do something that he wouldn’t even think twice about and John would go into a screaming fit before storming to the bedroom and slamming the door. He usually calmed down pretty quickly, and Sherlock would just sift the event away in his mind so that there wasn’t a repeat. He was really trying this time, and he briefly wondered if this was how John felt when he came back from the war. Sherlock's constant abuse at him for just existing. To be fair, John was never really outright rude to him, or verbally abusive, so he supposed that John had felt different all those years ago, even still, he couldn’t help but feel even more guilty at how he treated John back then.
Sherlock opened the letter with delicate hands and pulled it out of the envelope. He smoothed it out and then picked up the small kitten and put it on his desk. He smiled softly at the kitten as it tried to bite his fingers.
John got ready in the suit and put on the dress shoes. He was happy because Sherlock had just practically worshiped his body in the shower, not that he didn’t do that on a regular basis, but John loved it just as much. He walked over to the mirror and fixed his hair so that there weren’t any flyaway’s, making himself look very presentable. He looked at Sherlock, who was already ready, and smiled slightly. “So…?”
Still Sherlock didn’t say anything for a long while and John gave up – for that moment anyway. A couple of minutes later Sherlock's phone vibrated and Sherlock practically jumped out of his skin.
Sometimes things are not what they seem. You can think one thing about something or someone and then you find out you were completely wrong and everything you thought you knew is suddenly gone and nothing makes sense. John Watson is the perfect example of all of this. He knows how to play the game and he most definitely knows how to not get caught. Suppose that’s what makes him the best there is. John Watson isn’t a good man... in fact he’s the furthest you can be from a good man. John Watson is the best assassin in the United Kingdom and frankly if you were to ask John he would say the best in the world.
and here we are. Years later. But like i said this fic is not abandoned, none of my fics are. It just takes time. I'm so so so so so sorry, but there are probably 2-4 chapters left!!! it's almost over and i have loved this journey will you all!!!!
Sherlock threw a pillow at the back of Mycroft’s head and laughed. Sherlock stuck his tongue out at him as Mycroft turned around to glare before he turned the corner of the hallway. Once he was certain Mycroft was downstairs and couldn’t hear them anymore he ran his fingers through John's hair gently. "John... John wake up, love…" He kissed his head.
Sherlock gave her a slight smile back, but was suddenly stricken with the memory of the first time he had introduced her to John.
John let out a harsh laugh and just shook his head, he let go of Sherlock and took a step back. There was no point in doing anything else, he didn’t know what else to do honestly. And in truth, that was a lot worse than he was expecting. He thought maybe a couple of hours, but less than five fucking minutes??? He really wished he was wearing an engagement ring right now so he could throw it at the fucking bastards head, but they hadn’t gotten around to getting them yet. “Right.” He said quietly as he laughed softly to himself. He jutted his jaw forward and shook his head before raising both of his eyebrows in resignation. “Well, have a nice life with Adrian – or whatever the fuck his name was.” He mumbled and then turned around, picked up his suitcase, and left the flat.
John nodded slowly and then frowned, “Shouldn’t I be the one to buy you a drink?” He raised an eyebrow and tapped at her glass a bit.
The man underneath him yelped and he quickly got off him. “I am so sorry!! I wasn’t paying any attention! Are you ok?” Sherlock looked the man up and down. He was holding a cane and he had sandy blond hair. He was wearing a peculiar outfit, but then again so was everyone in this time period.
“So you can’t see where we are going!” She hummed happily. She was a very cheerful lady and that made John rather angry. He didn’t know why...
except for the fact that I wrote this two days ago so really i'm not listening to that song right now...
John's heart swelled at Sherlock's little speech. He never knew Sherlock felt like that, to be honest he didn’t know how Sherlock felt at all, but it was still surprising to hear those things coming from Sherlock's mouth. Especially when he always said he relied on logic and reasoning, all those things sort of went against that. Then again, that was just Sherlock's romantic and soft side coming out to play. He was so open with John and only John got to see this side of him. He liked it, it made him feel extremely special, and he supposed he was. He slowly stood up and climbed into the bed, he kept his distance, but Sherlock just snuggled up to him and fell asleep almost immediately. John couldn’t even imagine how tired Sherlock must have been. Before he knew it he was also dozing off as well and soon the world went black.
Sherlock answered the door, but his face hardened upon seeing the person. He shook his head once and then tried to shut the door in their face.
"He's in fucking hospital, Sherlock! He tried to kill himself again! And the longer you're gone, the more likely it is he's going to succeed because I can't keep him safe forever."
anywayyy DROP THAT COMMENT BECAUSE COMMENTS ARE LIKE WARM FLUFFY HUGS BY THE SOFTEST PUPPY IN THE WORLD.
“He was lonely!” The Doctor protested and huffed. ”Some people don’t know how to deal with that sort of thing.”
John swallowed hard and picked at his food, of course Sherlock would bring it up like this. Then again these were his friends and he did owe them that much, but he didn’t feel ready.
John smiled softly and adjusted them so they were both laying down. John smirked and then started rutting up against Sherlock, they both groaned at the contact and Sherlock's eyes fluttered shut.
Sherlock smiled a bit and set the letter down. John was adorable and even though he was in danger he was at least safe now… or as safe as you could be. He smiled at his father who was smiling back at him, “Thank you.”
John walked to the living room and threw on his coat, Sherlock happened to be sitting on the couch working on something, John couldn’t be arsed to care what it was, but his presence didn’t do anything to help John at the moment. Sherlock was the cause of all his problems, and seeing him just reminded John of how real he was. He growled under his breath and then stormed out of the flat without saying a word to the man in the living room.
Sherlock did another thing that surprised him. He listened to John and proceeded to leave him alone. Sherlock never did – does – that; it was entirely out of character. Sherlock classified it as a random act of kindness and then returned to his worksheet.
John froze and swallowed hard as he stepped into the house with Sherlock, he was a bit miffed Sherlock tried to push him into the bushes, but he understood. The blood completely drained from his face when he saw Sigar, Mycroft, and a bunch of random men pointing guns at them. He didn’t know what to say and he was at a loss of words. Why were there men with guns in the house when Sigar could have easily done the job himself? Why was Mycroft standing on his side? Had he really betrayed Sherlock like that?
That one was actually so great but still not as great as my pencil knock knock joke. Which makes a feature in one of the future chapters i believe. In fact im pretty sure it's what started this all. I decided to do it one chapter and then when i went back and edited the story i added jokes to all the others. hahah
“Hi, Sherlock, sorry I haven’t seen you in a while, but with everything that’s going on right now... it’s hard... you know?” He sighed and sat across from him. He had been wanting a chance to talk to Sherlock for weeks, but he was always with
Darkness surrounded John and he didn’t know where he was. He wandered around in the darkness and called out for someone – anyone, but no one answered. One minute he was in battlefield, feeling unimaginable pain, and the next he was in the darkness... John didn’t know what had happened, but the only thing he could make out from this was that he was dead. However, if this was what happened when you died John was very disappointed. What the hell was he supposed to do for an eternity in blackness? Maybe he was supposed to find the light before he could go to heaven... that’s what people said, wasn’t it? But there was no light in this darkness and that made him a bit bitter because he most certainly did not want to be in the darkness forever! That would be rather boring and tedious.
HELLLLOOOOOO!!! I want to post a chapter once a week and that beautiful day will be on Thursdays!! Because I love Thursday's! I don't even know... But I do however change my phone backgrounds every Thursday!!!! Yes.... Today is Saturday... But lets all take a moment to relish in the wise words once spoken by Queen Cyrus: "Nobody's perfect."
Sherlock grinned and walked over to him. He reached out and adjusted John's tie. “You look very handsome.” He said softly. “Let’s go. My father should be here any minute and my mother has just arrived.” He smiled tightly and then took a deep breath, preparing himself for the worst.
and he just wanted the pain to go away. So, he sat in the darkness of his flat as he got drunker and drunker, relishing in the feeling of the pleasant warmth that coursed through his body. Relishing in the way his thoughts of Sherlock got further and further.
John squeezed his eyes shut and clenched the phone tighter in his hand, “Yeah… I’m here, Sherlock.” He whispered back after a few seconds.
He let out a bark of laughter, like Sherlock could fix any of this. He reached into the back of his trouser and pulled out a gun, “It’s too late.” He said gravely, he knew that one way or another one of the options was going to happen. He had faith in his people and he didn’t need to be around for it to be executed. It would be a shame that he wouldn’t get to see what outcome Sherlock would choose, but then again he knew. There was only one outcome he wanted, he wanted Sherlock to die. If he was still alive, he knew there was a chance Sherlock could trick him into calling off the whole thing. No, he had to go first for his plan to work. He brought the gun up to his temple and then pulled the trigger. Moriarty collapsed to the ground, blood seeping out from his head.
Guess what day it is... THAT'S RIGHT THURSDAY!!! I GOT TO CHANGE MY BACKGROUNDS TODAY!!! GUYS.... I JUST REALLY LIKE THURSDAYS OK? OK!
“Right... I would imagine you would want to be alone while you watched them... if you would just go upstairs to my study I will be there shortly. I’m going to get Sherlock settled down here first.” Mycroft spoke slowly as he looked between Sherlock and John.
“Glad to see you made it just in time…” Sherlock drawled, clearly not happy with how close his life was to ending.
He screamed loudly and ended up falling out of the bed, trying to crawl away quickly, but the blanket tangled in him made it damn near impossible.
The next day there was a knock at the door. Claire waited for John to get up and answer it because this wasn’t her flat, but when it was obvious he wasn’t going to do that she sighed heavily and went to the door.
After a moment of silence the doctor swallowed and gave him a firm look, “We tried everything we could to save him...” He said with no emotion. John took it that this was a speech he had to give at least five times a day, there was no room for emotion anymore. “He had internal bleeding that we didn’t see before, but by the time we tried to fix him... he didn’t make it. I’m sorry. You can come and see him if you would like.”
Sigar laughed and leaned back in his chair. “Oh right. I sort of forgot about you. How are you doing, Sherlock..?” He hummed.
i just started an online math class today and im terrified... shit i need to go work on that now... okay byyyyeeeeee
Sherlock froze and looked at him for a long second, the actions of what he was going to do were written on his face as clear as day. It made Sherlock feel physically ill, and just made his anger more present. He pulled his fist back and punched Mycroft as hard as he could. The yelp Mycroft made as he fell backwards was very much satisfying.
John scoffed and laughed in Sherlock's face as he stepped closer to it. "Oh, so now you care? What happened to all those nights when I was drunk and wanted you with me? All those nights where you told me that I didn't matter. That Sherlock killed himself because he didn't know how to tell me that he didn't want to be with me anymore? What about all those nights where I
Sherlock hummed and stood up. He placed his hands behind his back and nodded. “Minor mishap. My father didn’t know of the experiment and genuinely didn’t like you... I don’t blame him...” Sherlock sighed and walked to the door. “The sex was alright... you actually rather suck at sex, but an orgasm is an orgasm and I suppose it’s better than using my own hand... now out you get!” He smiled again as he used his hand to shoo John away. John just sat there trying to catch his breath, but ended up starting to dry heave, “So help me if you throw up on my floor I will rip your balls off....” Sherlock narrowed his eyes and growled some. He was not about to clean the throw up off his rug of a boy he had just kicked out.
Sherlock took a deep breath and nodded slowly, even though he knew John wouldn’t be able to see that.
“John…” He blinked a bit trying to focus his eyesight again. “Don’t be an idiot! I’m – I’m fine...” He swallowed, now that the adrenaline was wearing off everything was rushing over him.
“He’s different!! And is that really so bad? If you think about it we are all different! It isn’t a bad thing, Brian! It makes us unique! And as it happens, I think a world where everyone is normal would be quite boring.” He sighed and took a bite of his salad, grimacing a bit at the bland flavour.
I'll probs forget about the notes and he'll just stubble upon this and laugh because I have a giant obsession with him and his show and johnlock...
It was late, but John managed to find a flower shop that wasn’t closed yet. He had promised Sherlock so long ago that he would fix the garden and he never did… Then once Sherlock died he felt like it was pointless to do so. He was angry with Sherlock for committing suicide and he didn’t want to do him any sort of favours, but now that Sherlock was back it just felt like the right thing to do. Plus, it gave him something to do, rather than mope in his room and think things over. At least this would be a task that he could do to keep his mind occupied.
“John, you had no other choice. I am not mad and I understand why you did it... There is no doubt in my mind that if there was another way you wouldn’t have punched me.” He smiled softly and reached for his hand again.
Shit... it smells like pee right now... who the fuck peed in my room... it wasnt me I can tell you that.
“John… You’re not going to lose me… I can assure you that much.” He whispered quietly and stepped forward, “You have helped me so much… With Mycroft’s disappearance and just… with everything. Youve made me a better person and that’s something that people have tried, and failed, to do. I want to be better because of you, John...” Sherlock swallowed and kept walking forward until he was practically touching his chest with John’s.
about that? The thought destroyed him, “Sherlock, I know this is hard for you, but suicide is never the answer! Don’t you dare do that... or – or I don’t think I could forgive you...” Not to mention your speech you gave me so many years ago, was left unsaid… but they both heard it.
Mycroft’s eyes widened as he listened to the agonised sounds coming from upstairs. He got up abruptly and ran up the stairs. He thought his father was gone for good, but maybe he had snuck back in and had stumbled upon John. He pushed the door opened and blinked as he watched the screaming blond lay still on the bed with the taller boy hunched over him trying to calm him down. “Sherlock!! What’s wrong with him?”
Once they got there Sherlock opened the envelope and frowned when he realised it was an exact replica of the Study in Pink case.
After a few minutes of adjusting to the light he finally opened his eyes and saw Mycroft standing there. He growled and sat up, ignoring the pain that shot through his body, screaming at him to lay back down, “you!” He snarled, his throat raw and dry due to all the screaming he had been doing.
John groaned in pain as his back hit his dresser. “Do. Not. Say. That. Word!” he shot back ignoring the fact that he was in pain, it’s not like he hadn’t been in pain before, and besides, he was used to getting tossed around and tackled on the rugby field.
BECAUSE I USED MY OLD COMPUTER AND THERE ARE POP UPS EVERYWHERE AND IT BARELY WORKS BUT RIGHT NOW IT WORKS BETTER THAN THE BROKEN ONE SO BE HAPPY!
Sherlock groaned a bit and had to take a few deep breaths to calm himself. Telling this story took a lot of effort, but he needed to get through it. For John. Always for John.
“Fine... but calm down first and then you can have it...” Mycroft wasn’t about to give him a gun when he was flailing about in anger, he didn’t think John would purposely hurt him, but people were reckless when they were clouded with emotions.
John grinned back and the rest of the evening they ate and talked about nothing in particular. Sherlock even ate most of his meal and that made John happy because he hardly ever did at home. Sherlock deduced people and John would laugh at everything he was saying. Sherlock was honestly brilliant and everything was perfect, he didn’t want it to end. However, soon they finished their dessert and it was time to go home. John paid the bill and he honestly didn’t care how much it was, he had fun with Sherlock and that was all that mattered.
Finally, John looks up and opens a small box, “I’m going to ask her to marry me...” He hands the ring to Sherlock so that he can look at it. Sherlock's face twitches into something that John has never seen before, but before he can figure out what it is... it’s gone. John sighs and looks away again.
She smiled sadly, “I know, love. But you need to tell him, if he finds out without you telling him, that’s going to be a whole different story.”
that... he just didn’t want to end this... he didn’t want to break Sherlock like he said he would so he was forcing himself not to see it.
“…WHAT!!! John that is going to blow away all of your money!!” He flailed. John really was an idiot sometimes; he did not need to be treated with expensive things.
Claire wanted to cry, but she also knew that doing so wouldn't help the situation so she took a breath and held it together, waiting for Garrett to continue, but not knowing if he would. She just didn’t know what to say back to him, thankfully, he did indeed keep talking.
“Yes! We’ve discussed this already! She’ll get over it! Heaven knows how many people she accidently married…” The Doctor let a smile tug at his lips as he looked at Donna.
“It doesn’t matter why I did anything Mycroft! The past is in the past and I can’t change that no matter how much I may want to...” He swallowed hard. “Everything I did, everything I ever said to him... he probably thinks it was just a lie... that I was using him for some sick experiment. I acted so well too… so that he would believe every word... I think maybe that’s the worst part.” He cleared his throat and looked away. “What do the doctors say...?”
“You did so good... I am so proud of you.” He whispered quietly and just held Sherlock and that was really nice Sherlock thought because he really needed that comfort. He hadn’t had comfort in a over a month and it had been so hard to get through.
John couldn’t help himself, he laughed bitterly and glared at Sherlock, “right. And how long have you and Aidan been dating?”
John was screaming and hitting Brian and he was filled with so much anger. Could they not see how brilliant and beautiful Sherlock was?! He kept throwing punches, even though he knew he should stop. He just couldn’t think clearly, he saw red and even counting to ten wasn’t helping. The next thing he knew he was on the ground getting beaten by four other rugby players. He tried to fight back, but he was outnumbered. They grabbed his arm and pulled it back, twisting his wrist to the point where he was pretty sure they broke it and he screamed out in pain. He didn’t want to scream, he wanted to be strong like Sherlock had been. He wanted to let Sherlock know that he was fine and he wasn’t in pain, but he had four giant boys on him and every punch, or kick, or blow they gave him left him screaming and begging for mercy. They kept at it until John faintly heard someone yelling and suddenly everything just stopped. The yelling seemed so distant, but in reality it was probably really close to him and then everything went black.
Sherlock frowned more, but nodded.  “Alright.” He knew John was thinking about him when he said that, but he couldn’t help but feel like he was protecting himself more. His own status in the school, his own reputation. And dammit he didn’t want to keep John a secret, he would take any bullying if it meant telling the world that he had someone, and that someone was the most perfect person on the planet! He didn’t care if the bullying got worse, he would be able to handle it because at the end of the day he would have John by his side. He wanted people to know that John was his and that no one else could have him! But if John wanted to keep this a secret, then Sherlock would respect that. “Get some sleep, John,” Sherlock said softly as he kissed the top of his head. “Goodnight.”
He nodded slowly and scrubbed his face some, “A shower sounds heavenly. In truth, I’ll probably just go to bed, but I don’t know yet... I suppose we’ll see what happens.”
That seemed to jolt her out of her trace and back to real life, “I called you right after he stormed out of the house...” She whispered.
John whined as Sherlock placed him in bed. His whole body ached and he just wanted sleep, but he couldn’t fall asleep because he was in way too much pain and also was bloody freezing. Sherlock sighed and kissed his head, “Rest... I’ll be back in a while to check on you, okay?” He would have stayed if John had asked, but John didn’t want him to stay because he didn’t want Sherlock to get sick as well. He smiled sadly and then left the room.
“Since I met John! He has shown me how to be a better person and for that I thank him every day,” Sherlock hummed, sweetly.
He sighed and laid on the couch as he put his hands in front of his lips. He had recently started to take online university courses because that was so much easier than having to go places and interact with
“They’ve all changed and it isn’t fair! And he’s still not telling me things and nothing is the same! I know he’s lying – I know him better than he knows himself half of the time. I even told him this wouldn’t work out, that I couldn’t stay, if he kept things from me… and still! He’s keeping things from me! I can't fucking breathe! I’m slowly drowning and to make matters worse I had to bloody well tell him today that his mum, the one person he actually cares for because I’m certainly not in that category anymore, is dying of cancer and that she’s not going to live! And she’s like a mum to me too, but he kicked me out! I haven’t even seen her in four and a half fucking years and she probably still thinks I’m dead BECAUSE APPARENTLY EVERYONE DID!!!” He screamed, not caring for the three other people in the pub turning to glare at him. “And frankly I don't think me and Sherlock are going to make it and that literally kills me, but at the same time I don’t even want to be in the same room with him anymore because he isn’t the same. He constantly yells at me, and if he’s not yelling he’s ignoring me. Then I have to deal with bloody Brian who acts like a fucking saint when Sherlock is around, but the second he is gone, or out of earshot, he treats me like he’s the devil and of course – of fucking course Sherlock sides with him.”
John gasped a bit, his giggling immediately coming to an end, then reached for Sherlock's hand. “I’m sorry!! I forgot! Are you okay?” He looked at Sherlock with concern in his eyes. It was hard not to because this was all his fault, if he had just stayed away like Sigar had said…
And just like that she realised that this was real and all of this was happening because she had never heard John talk like that – she had never heard John speak to her like that, even when he was upset. She dropped the phone and ran out of the pub as fast as she could, not caring if she lost her job. John needed her, he needed her more than he needed anyone right now and she wasn’t about to leave him alone.
He didn’t know which way John had left and he growled at himself for the fact that he didn’t pay attention to that small detail. Now how was he going to find him? He started to walk down the street, just hoping it was the direction John had decided to take. He didn’t walk long, however, before he heard a blood curdling, muffled scream. Sherlock froze for a second and swallowed hard because that sounded exactly like John. No, John hadn’t screamed in fear since his return, but they did go through enough hardships as teenagers for Sherlock to have that sound engrained permanently in his brain. He turned in the other direction – dammit. He was going the wrong way! – running as fast as he could. He didn’t scream John’s name because he was terrified that if he did it would just provoke whoever was attacking John. John was also smart, he had lived in London all his life, he had been to war, if it was a mugger he would have immediately given the man his wallet and left – so whoever this was… they weren’t after money.
Now I only put that joke in because it reminds me of a little kid Sherlock flailing in the bathtub and I don’t think my heart can handle anymore omg
John sighed, defeated, “My father usually throws me in the backyard and locks me out of the house at night… I’m forced to sleep on the porch in the cold. Now please just take the fucking bed.”
Lily Holmes face lit up into a grin and she put down the plate she was currently holding before she could drop it and ruin her collection. She ran to her youngest child and kissed him on the forehead as she pulled him into a giant hug. “Oh, my baby’s finally found a friend!! Sherlock why didn’t you introduce me sooner?” She hummed happily as she kept kissing the top of his head.
John looked at him for a minute and then slowly wrapped his arms around Sherlock, “How’s that?” He asked softly.
“Oh, Doctor Watson, I assure you they do,” he hummed and then narrowed his eyes, “but then again... you’re not a doctor.”
Sherlock leaned down and kissed John’s lips softly. His whole body was telling him to go fast, but he wanted to go slow. “I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you.” He smiled and started taking off John’s jumper, carefully. He was in love with this jumper and he wasn’t about to ruin it! “And tonight I want you.” He whispered as he kissed John's collarbone.
. It felt nothing like how it did when he was with Brian and he wanted it to last forever. He kept moving his head up and down and swirling his tongue around the top, but then his mobile beeped and he pulled off of John completely to look at it. He sighed a bit and stood up. “Sorry, but I must go.” He walked over to the coat stand to put on his coat and scarf. “Make yourself at home, I probably won’t be home until late – if at all. It was good to see you again, John.” He hummed slightly and then he was running out the door.
"No, John, just listen!! I wanted to show you how it felt! I-" Sherlock fumbled for the words, until John cut him off.
“You can do this yourself next time, but I don’t know if you know how to do this or not and the guy who sold it to me taught me everything I needed to know... I got a whole stash and maybe next time you can pay for it because it’s fucking expensive...” He trailed off and searched for Sherlock's vein, flicking the inside of Sherlock's elbow crease a bit.
John clenched his fists and wanted to punch him, anger flared up in John to the point he almost couldn’t control it. He needed to calm down, and he couldn’t be here to do it. When Sherlock died his anger became out of control, so hard to control at times and he hated that. Even now that Sherlock was back he was struggling with it. “Sod this.” He shook his head and turned around to walk to the bedroom.
Sherlock coughed a little bit and was terrified if he was being honest. He had got beaten up before, but it had only happened twice. Usually it was just emotional abuse he received from his peers. “Oh, Brian, are you going to punch me? This is a low… especially for you.” He drawled. He refused to let them see the fear. Just like he refused to let John’s father see the fear he was feeling last night. Even if he was completely petrified, though not as petrified as he was last night, which was something he supposed.
This one was set on a bridge. John didn’t know which one at first because it was dark yet again and no one was there except for the dark silhouette walking, swaying slightly. The figure looked extremely small, John assumed that was Sherlock. And then like a brick hitting John right in the face everything rushed into clearness. That wasn’t just some random bridge... that was the bridge his father had drove off of... the place where he had almost drowned. This alone was enough to send John into another round of sobs. His head and heart were aching and it wasn’t fair! None of this was! And he hated Sigar so much! But there was nothing he could do about it now... he was dead. Not even killing him did anything to ease John’s pain.
"And I can't explain it." Sherlock shifted from his feet. "I've been here too long already. I need to go." He said quickly and turned on his heels so he could run in the opposite direction.
“Bellfire tried to soothe her. ‘And I love you little one, but sometimes things happen. Life isn’t fair, and life is hard, and life will throw challenges in your way, but you have to move past that and overcome them. I have faith that one day you'll be truly happy again.’
“Well, whose fault is that? You should have written to me.” He sung, as he poked at whatever was in his dish.
! Right when I had actually started to trust you again –  FOR THE FIRST TIME IN YEARS MIGHT I ADD – I come home to you HOLDING A FUCKING GUN AT MY HEAD!!!”
John took a breath, he caught Brian’s hand and narrowed his eyes at him. Before he got to know Sherlock, he felt the same way… he would do anything and everything to prove himself. He just hoped Sherlock could forgive him for this because he wasn’t quite sure he would be able to forgive himself. He stepped forward and punched Sherlock straight in the stomach. He watched as Sherlock yelped and coughed as he writhed in pain. He slumped to the grass the second Brian let go of his hair and just curled into a ball, holding tightly onto his stomach. John saw Brian blink in shock because he didn’t think John was going to go through with it and he saw the look of betrayal that flashed through Sherlock's eyes. He tackled Sherlock so they tumbled down the hill and far enough away so that the team could see, but couldn’t hear.
John blinked a bit and just stared as his erection until it wilted. He didn’t understand what the hell had just happened and he didn’t understand why Sherlock had just sucked him and then randomly left in the middle of it! They hadn’t seen each other in five fucking years and this was the welcome home he got? Sherlock acted like they had been great friends for ages, who saw each other weekly. He acted like they were just sitting watching telly instead of being intimate together. John felt like he had just been slapped in the face, this wasn’t his Sherlock at all and honestly that thought made him ill. He slowly got up, tucked himself in, and looked around the room slightly. He didn’t want to be here without Sherlock – hell, he didn’t want to be anywhere without Sherlock, but if this was the new Sherlock… if this was what Sherlock had become then maybe he was better off being alone. Maybe he didn’t want to be with Sherlock at all. It wasn’t a matter of maybe though, if this was what Sherlock had become he knew for certain he didn’t want to be with him. He sighed and then shook his head as he left the flat. His heart felt heavy and he wanted to cry, but he was able to hold it together until he found a movie to watch, a tub of ice cream to eat, and a hotel room to stay in. He was sad yes, but he could manage. He wasn’t the small, weak, little boy Sherlock had known. The army had made him stronger, had made him grow. Yes, it sucked, but that was life. Sherlock was different, Sherlock had changed, and unlike him… it wasn’t for the better.
John sighed heavily again, “the chances of us getting married or staying together forever are very slim... and if we do… the chances of us being happy are also slim because we are always together... this is my first true relationship and I know it’s yours as well, that being said...” he trailed off again, trying to regain his thoughts. He couldn’t think of a way to put this lightly so he just decided to come right out and say it, but Sherlock cut him off.
John groaned, “Sherlock! I am used to sleeping on hard surfaces! Just please drop it and take the bed!”
Sherlock just blinked. Really he thought officers would be a lot smarter than this, but apparently he was wrong. “Well, if you would just let me explain I can prove to you that it was the—“
“It’s because you feel the same way!” He growled, “You don’t have to do this! We’ll run away! Just like you said...” He whispered quietly and continued to step forward.
guys just know that if I never update this again it's because I died! I have these heart attack things like every morning (it's not an actual heart Attack but it feels like I'm having one.... Like you think I'm joking but I am 1000000000% serious.....) anyway! I've been to the doctors for years now and they don't have a clue what's going on... And now it's getting worse... Plus I have a 80% chance of throat cancer and I told Amanda Abbington that and she tweeted me back. Awww what a sweetheart!!! *Future me here. fucking hate that woman... smh*
John reluctantly rolled out of bed and fell on the ground, he crawled to the dresser and found a shirt and some trousers and started pulling them on. John really hated mornings....
John gaped at her, “The fuck is wrong with you? I just said I didn’t want to go through with it! Last time I checked sex was consensual, I will call the police!” He brought his knees in tighter and placed his chin on the top of them, glaring at her as he did so.
She just hummed in acknowledgement and they sat in silence for another minute or so. Eventually, she decided to ask the next question, “how’s Sherlock?”
Six weeks later John got his cast off. He smiled at Sherlock as he walked out of the doctor’s office. “Look!! No cast!!” He snickered and waved his arm crazily in Sherlock's face, “I think we should celebrate!!” He hummed.
Mycroft shook his head, that was honestly nothing. If he flew out an emergency helicopter for every soldier that got a gunshot wound… well, the British hospitals would be flooded and he would be a very broke man – well, the government would be broke, but it was all the same to him, “as unfortunate as that is I can’t send a helicopter for a random soldier. It costs thousands of pounds and people are dying every day over there, they know what they signed up for when they deployed. I hardly think a shoulder wound is enough for me to send a helicopter! Furthermore, I’m not even the person you contact for this so I don’t even know why you even bothered–“
John ended up sitting there for hours before Sherlock’s eyes slowly fluttered opened. He swallowed hard and waited for Sherlock to register that he was in his room.
Sigar groaned out in pain and closed his eyes a bit, “You say that now, but I don’t believe that at all and I don’t think that you do either.”
John was practically shaking with anger at this point, his hands clenching and unclenching at his sides. He really did need to try and get his anger issues under control, but hey, at least he wasn’t attacking her. ‘Lover boy’?! Who the fuck did this woman think she was! John had no idea and he didn’t like it, but he was going to be a
Sherlock rolled his eyes and looked up at Brian. “Such a way with words…” He sighed. “But I really rather like it on the grass so I think I’ll stay sitting, thank you.”
John swallowed and knew he had two choices. He could tell Sherlock or he could shrug it off. He was going to tell him not to worry about it, but something else came out, "I don't want to lose you...."
Sherlock blinked as he looked around the room. “I-… I don’t understand…” He frowned. “John we shouldn’t be here… we’re just going to get into more trouble.” He flailed slightly and sighed. He knew John was just trying to help, but it honestly made him feel worse.
John meant to drive home... he really did, but he ended up in front of a tall building that had probably been there since the dinosaurs. John paused for a split second before slowly getting out of the car and knocking on the door.
John sat in his lap and kissed all over his face, trying to show Sherlock how much love he felt for him. That no, they might not be the same people they were five years ago, but his feelings were the same – if anything they were stronger, “Don’t... please don’t... Not ever. Even if I’m not here anymore – and I promise that I won’t try either even if you’re not here... okay?” He breathed.
.......well apparently I'm Moffat.... I just kept writing and then I thought "Hey Whitney! it would be a brilliant idea to.... STOP THE CHAPTER!" so I did... Anyway! New Chapter next week guys!!!!
John thrusted his jaw forward and glared daggers at him, “Oh, please tell me what outcomes you had thought up were.”
“Glad you could show up, John.” Sigar hummed from the corner, sitting in one of the chairs that the motel room provided.
Sherlock was especially happy today because John had started to sit next to him again in the last class they had together. It was stupid, it really, truly was, but Sherlock felt complete with John around. They were busy scribbling notes back and forth together and not really paying attention when the bell shrilled. Sherlock grinned like a madman, because he had been waiting all day for the final bell to ring and finally, after what felt like hours, it happened. He grabbed John’s hand and tugged on him… until he remembered that he really wasn’t supposed to do that here so he dropped his hand and lowered his voice. “Come on… I want to go somewhere.”
Sherlock bit his lip and looked around the room for a means to escape. Unfortunately, there wasn’t one in sight.
There was something off between the two of them, but for the life of John he couldn’t figure out what. He knew Sherlock said he would be angry at times, but this was different. He was upset with the knowledge that this might not end up working, but he had already made his peace with it. With Brian’s constant abuse, Sherlock’s rudeness, and everything else... John was slowly breaking. It definitely wasn’t a healthy relationship for them, or at the least for John.
Mycroft swallowed thickly and stood up immediately. “Nope. Not at all. Sherlock, come on,” He grabbed the other pair of keys and ran to the garage as well. He didn’t know what was going on, but after doing a bit of digging on John’s family history he knew it couldn’t be good – not good at all. And even if he was never going to admit it to anyone, but himself, he cared for Sherlock a lot… Sherlock was his best friend and he knew that if something – anything were to happen to John, Sherlock would not be okay – that and he seemed to be growing fond of John. John was good for his brother in a way that no one ever was and Mycroft knew he couldn’t always be there for Sherlock. Though, he was always going to be there for his brother when he could and right now Sherlock needed him even if he didn’t realise it yet.
John nodded slowly and ran his thumb across Sherlock's, “I know it is, I can see it... and I’m always here for you, but I can’t help you unless you open up, which is why I think you should let me in on what happened when I was away. You know everything that I went through, love, but I’m completely in the dark with you. I can’t fix this – I can’t fix
Sherlock nodded slowly. “Yes, you gave me something so amazing words can’t describe what it meant to me… so now I’m giving you this. I want to give you this… John, I need you.”
Sherlock groaned and rolled his eyes. "I'm already awake and we aren't doing anything, you don't need to act like an adolescent child."
." He growled, spitting the word out like it was poison on his tongue. He took a breath and paused for a moment because he didn't know what else to say, he wanted to say so much, but he also didn’t want to say anything. He just clenched his fingers around the necklace in his hands and took another breath, this time it was shaky and he hated himself for that. He didn't want to talk highly of Sherlock because he was angry with him, so incredibly angry that he couldn't see straight. He just wanted the stupid man to come back alive so he could punch his face in and kill him all over again! But that wouldn't happen and John knew that. He sighed and shook his head for a moment, "Just... Wherever he is... I hope he's happy... I hope he found the happiness that he deserved. The happiness that I couldn't give him – or the drugs... Or anything he had done in the hopes to finally feel happy. So... I just hope he's happy." He swallowed hard and then walked back to his seat.
“We don’t know a thing about each other; I don’t know where we are meeting; I don’t even know your name.” He grumbled and narrowed his eyes a bit. Deduce me, you twat!
Mycroft blinked and studied him, “Whatever for?!” He put his newspaper down completely now. It was a lost cause anyway, from the moment Sherlock stepped into the room. He would just have to wait until they left again.
Sherlock deduced everything about the woman currently lying dead on the floor and John pretended to be amazed. Though he was a bit proud that he was able to deduce it a bit faster than Sherlock... well that wasn’t really fair now was it? No, it wasn’t considering the fact that he was behind this whole scheme. He already knew everything before they even arrived at the place and before the police had come to Sherlock. Before he walked to Baker Street that night and before he even met Sherlock yesterday. He had been planning this ever since Sebastian had called him. So he supposed that in retrospect he didn’t actually deduce it before Sherlock because he already knew it.
Lily looked from her son’s hand that was holding John's and then back up to his face. “Yes, he can stay here.” She was overjoyed that Sherlock had a friend and now it seemed as though Sherlock liked John more than a friend. This was a dream come true for her, especially since Sherlock showed no interest in people at all. John's head shot up with so much happiness in his eyes that Lily’s heart squeezed in her chest.
While John was sleeping Claire pulled out her mobile. She was livid with Sherlock because she knew there was no way John could have made up something so real, something to destroy him
Sherlock faltered and swallowed hard, John most definitely couldn’t know the answer to that question. “You’re seriously bringing him up right now? Jesus Christ, you’re like obsessed with him or something.”
By the end of the week John's shoulder still hurt, but it was slowly getting better. Some days were more manageable than others and today was a good day because he got to see Sherlock. He looked down at the address Sherlock had given him for the millionth time. Even though he knew it by heart at this point, he looked at it when he was nervous or when he was thinking. He swallowed thickly as he walked up the one step and slowly knocked on the door.
Hours went by and Sherlock was cold and tired, he couldn’t stay out all night. He sighed, stood up, and then started walking back to the flat. He knew that there was a chance that John wouldn’t be there, but if he was there Sherlock would apologise. He would try and fix this and then they could get on with their life. He opened the door to 221B and walked inside, the flat was unusually silent and he sighed, John had obviously not come home. Maybe he never would, this wasn’t his home anyway.
Sherlock smiled brightly, all of his pain and worry seeping away. “Well, I’m glad that I am able to do that because you constantly make me forget things too.”
Mycroft had to look away because everything was too much to take in and he couldn’t even imagine what Sherlock was going through. Lily Holmes choked on a sob and went to the kitchen to busy herself because the thought of Sherlock taking a boy up to fuck him only seconds after he had received the news destroyed her. Zack swallowed and left because he felt like he didn’t need to be there, he was completely heartbroken that John was gone, but staying only felt like he was intruding. And Rainbow went on with his life like nothing was happening because to him it wasn’t. However, they all knew what was happening upstairs, or what was going to happen if it hadn’t yet, and no one was going to stop it because they didn’t know how... the only argument they could even come up with didn’t matter anymore because John was gone...
“Of course…” John echoed back with a grim smile on his face. Mycroft didn’t seem to have any weapons, so this most likely wasn’t about torture, besides he didn’t really see Mycroft as the torture kind. Didn’t like to get his hands dirty, that’s most likely why he couldn’t go through with the rape, or whatever. “So… why is Sherlock going to hate you?” He drawled back at him when it was clear Mycroft wasn’t going to elaborate.
Sherlock gasped and then collapsed on the bed breathing heavily. He closed his eyes and swallowed thickly because he was hoping that this would get rid of the pain, the emptiness, the unbearable sadness he was feeling, but it didn’t... if anything it just made it so much worse and he hated himself for it. John might not be there, he might not be on earth, but he knew it would hurt John if he knew. He hadn’t even waited five minutes before jumping into bed with someone else.
"I'm just saying... It's been a year and you aren't getting any better... Did you even go to the therapy sessions I set up for you?"
John's heart dropped a bit and then his face hardened, “you’re lying because I sent one every day for a whole year so you had to have received them!”
John snickered and smiled sweetly at Sherlock's mother. “I really hope I don’t intrude on your family… it’s just– well…” John looked down and wrung his hands together, he didn’t want to finish that sentence.
Sherlock swallows hard and stares at the box. He can't figure out how to make his mouth work, but eventually he does. “It’s lovely, John. I’m sure she’ll love it.” He says quietly and looks at him. He won’t stop looking. If he stops John will slip away, but John's already gone.
“No, you’re not.” A soft voice said from behind the two boys. “You’re here because your boyfriend told me a few things and then I invited you.”
It wasn’t the best situation to be in, but it wasn’t the worst either. But he knew that this time around he would actually be able to let go of Sherlock. He had closure whereas before he didn’t. He could move on with his life, find a man, and fall in love all over again. Really, the thought made John sick, but he knew with time it would get more appealing.
Sherlock must have zoned out because before he knew it Brian was crawling in bed next to him with a small bag. Sherlock zoning out was nothing new though, he had been doing it since he heard the news about John and everyone that knew Sherlock also knew that it was just something they had to deal with now. Or at least until he got better, they were hopeful – Sherlock wasn’t.
He gave her one last glance goodbye before he left the house. He went there to feel better, but honestly going there had made him even more depressed. Perhaps, he knew that subconsciously and was trying to punish himself.
Sherlock was silent for a long moment before he finally looks up at him, “I think we should...” He whispers quietly and fiddles with the half burnt jumper.
“Drop it? DROP IT?! Sherlock another man almost stuck his cock up you forcibly! He probably got off on it just so he could watch you scream and beg for mercy and you’re telling me that everything is okay? I don’t buy it for a second! How far did he get?” John growled. He knew it wasn’t his business but he was honestly livid that someone would do that to Sherlock, he needed to know.
One night the two of them were sitting in the living room. Sherlock was staring into space holding a pocket knife in his hands, he supposed it could be the one Sherlock said he always kept on him, but this one looked newer. That and the fact John had never seen Sherlock pull it out unless it was needed.
go it would cause suspicion… He took a shaky breath and stood up as he made his way over to the tree, just as Brian ripped the book from Sherlock's hands.
Sherlock held onto John tightly as he swam up to the surface as fast as he could. He finally breeched the top and gasped in air.
John and Sherlock were able to sneak past Mrs. Watson without her noticing and his father wasn’t home, thankfully. John sat on the edge of his bed while Sherlock looked around John’s room. “And that’s my trophy I got for winning best player of the year in rugby… I didn’t think I deserved it, but hey, if they wanna give me a prize I’ll be more than happy to take it,” he smiled and watched as Sherlock moved about.
He looked across the tables and saw Sherlock sitting at his tree. He looked completely fine and completely normal. The fucking bastard! John would have walked over to him, but he just didn’t have the energy and he didn’t want to create a scene and oddly enough he didn’t have the mental ability to care at the moment. He tried texting him, but Sherlock never replied. Why should he? He didn’t want John... John was just an experiment and he made that very clear, but somehow even though Sherlock broke John into a million pieces John couldn’t stay away... Maybe that was all part of the plan, maybe it wasn’t, John didn’t know. John didn’t know anything and that angered him, but at the same time John didn’t want to know, knowing would make him feel sicker than he already was.
“So you’re just going to ignore me now?? Why the fuck even have a chair if you’re not going to sit in it?” John hissed, snapping him out of his thoughts.
John smiled brightly as well and sat back in the chair. He closed his eyes and just enjoyed Sherlock’s company. He was about to fall asleep when Sherlock spoke up again. “John..?” He whispered quietly. John just hummed in reply and Sherlock chewed on his lip. “Will you lay with me?” He said softly.
Okay so sherlock may not know if he is correct, but that is the correct way! I was a lifeguard and know CPR and First Aid... awwwwwwwww yeyyy I was also a swimmer and a water polo player so I could probably kick your ass! ᕦ(ò_óˇ)ᕤ
Sherlock took a breath and decided to just be honest and blunt because he really didn’t care what anyone thought, “pretty much, yeah.” He shrugged some.
John choked on another sob and nodded. He bent down and pressed their lips together. Sherlock kissed him back weakly and then just stopped. John’s eyes widened and he pulled away to find the limp Sherlock lying against him. “HE’S DEAD!!!” He sobbed and screamed and held Sherlock as close to him as possible.
Mycroft appeared in the door and swallowed hard, “Sherlock...” Cautiously, he made his way closer towards Sherlock.
“May Twentieth.” Sherlock said instantly. Sherlock had been counting the days practically every minute... he always knew what day and what time it was ever since John had fallen into his coma.
Mycroft shook his head, "I thought you could actually care for someone, but I was wrong. You don't have a heart, John Watson. You're an evil man and now you're going to die."
“And I said I will do as I please! Don’t argue with me further boy or I will beat you in front of your precious
Once John was released from the hospital he spent a lot of time in physical therapy. He didn’t want any permanent damage to come to his shoulder, but he knew that that was wishful thinking. Still, his therapist said that he could get to a point where it would only ache sometimes and John would take that over his shoulder hurting all the time. He had a week before he met Sherlock and he wanted to look his best… he didn’t know why because Sherlock would probably hate him, but John didn’t do anything wrong so that was a bit unfair. However, at the same time he knew how Sherlock was.
Regan flailed and fell off the bed, “What the fuck... you okay?” She frowned, with slight irritation. That just made John angrier. She didn’t care about him... Claire was right; she only cared about getting off.
“NO! Stay exactly where you are!” Sherlock growled so fiercely that John froze in his tracks, Sherlock didn’t mean for it to come out so harsh, but he wasn’t going to let John come up here. If John came up here he wouldn’t do it and John would die. He would die right in front of him and Sherlock couldn’t handle that. Yes, he was being selfish because he knew that was exactly what he was doing to John at this moment, but god dammit. He was going to be selfish, John was stronger than he was! That was just a fact of life.
He stopped for a brief moment to look at her and then he grinned. “Donna Noble… You’re on! Allons-y!”
“My body is experiencing things and I’m confused, I don’t like it… and I took my emotions out on Sherlock. And then I found out you two were – a thing… I got angry with you because it really isn’t fair – or that’s how my brain thought. What Sherlock said yesterday was true… But you two can be open about it while I have to keep it hidden. I don’t want anyone to know because it makes me feel abnormal and funny.” He whispered.
John started crying. “No!! The bunny was so nice!! And I was supposed to meet it! I hurt the bunny’s feelings!! I never came back to him!!”
John kept sucking Sherlock slowly until Sherlock was pushing at him, “John! John! I’m going – I need a little rest...” He groaned and then John pulled away.
John regretted texting him immediately, before when he texted him he didn’t see Sherlock read the message. He knew that Sherlock was ignoring him, but he didn’t have to physically see it so there was that slight hope in the back of his mind. He could make up excuses as to why Sherlock wasn’t replying back to him, but this time he had no excuse. He saw it happen and it hurt more than anything. It just added to the pain he was already feeling. He felt like he was suffocating and he needed to get out. He stood up and left the lunchroom, he didn’t know where he was going to go and he really didn’t have anywhere to go so he just went to his next class and waited.
John blinked a bit and then started to zone out again. He thought about everything that was going on in his life and wanted to scream because why was everything so fucking challenging? He really needed to get out of his head and focus on other things, it was unhealthy how much he thought about everything.
It was early afternoon when John walked through the door of Baker Street and frowned slightly as he saw Sherlock and a man he didn’t recognize sitting on the couch. Normally, John would just think it was a client, or perhaps Sherlock made a friend… However, they were
John sighed and then looked up at him. He put a small smile on his face and shook his head once, but Sherlock new that smile was fake and that hurt him, “I know you didn’t mean it... I just – I don’t really know how to support you, Sherlock – how to comfort you... I know your mother’s death is having a big effect on you, but let me help... please. It’s literally killing me seeing you like this.” He said softly.
Sherlock screamed and tried to push him away, “NO!!!! Not my dick!! I need that! Get off of me!” He sniffled and tried to run, but John tackled him to the ground, scissors still in hand. Really, they were playing a dangerous game here.
They walked for a good hour and eventually they showed up at St. Barts. John took a breath as he realised where Sherlock was going and he wondered if maybe he shouldn’t have come at all – this was a private moment, wasn’t it?
Sherlock was sitting on the couch doing his homework when Mycroft came into the room panting. Sherlock ignored him because Mycroft was fat and was often out of breath because of all the cake he had eaten. Actually Mycroft wasn’t fat at all, but Sherlock did love to tease him and he was self-conscious about his weight so it was the perfect thing to tease him about.
John sighed, “Nope, not until you’re taken care of.” He growled and then hit Mycroft across then head with the butt of his gun, making him pass out. He took out his phone and sent a quick text to Mike saying how he needed him to come clean up the mess he made and where he was. He then looked at Sherlock's texts and sighed.
"Hey. I've been thinking a lot recently and I think it would be best if you moved out of the flat. You know... Get a fresh start." She swallowed slightly and started wiping down the table, it was a nervous tick John noticed. She did it every time a customer made her feel uncomfortable and she wasn’t in a position to leave yet. This just confirmed it because he had been sat here since before the bar even opened, nursing his beer and not spilling anything. There was nothing on the stupid counter to clean up in front of him.
“What!!!” He screeched as he turned around to face his brother, “Mycroft, that isn’t fair!! He’s being mean! Why does he even want you! I’m his boy—“
“Yeah, I suppose so…” He turned to John. “Come on, I want to show you the garden!” He pulled John out to the backyard and left his mother standing there by herself. He was angry with her. He always was when she left. There was nothing he could do about it of course, but it was always so lonely at the house without his mother there. He also hadn’t seen his father in a year. Not that he cared… his father was not a good man so he didn’t mind it one bit. Sherlock sighed to himself and soon they were in the garden.
John grinned, “I want to take you, Sherlock Holmes, out on a date! We’ll dress up and go to a nice restaurant. I have enough money saved up for that!” He smiled. “And besides we have been going out for a long time now and I haven’t once taken you on a date! That just simply will not do!”
“Now, John.” Mycroft drawled. “Think about this. Wouldn’t it be worse if he were taken to a place and locked up never to see the light of day again? Because I can assure you that’s where he is going.” He waited for John to respond and when he didn’t he continued. “My family owns a special place. Much worse than jail. He will go in and he won’t come out that much I can promise you. So, now the question is: Do you want to stay here and wait for the ambulance to arrive or do you want to leave right now?”
It had been one month, one week, and two days since John had been living at Zack's, not like he had been counting or anything. John was currently sitting on the couch, filling out papers, when Zack came into the room.
John swallowed thickly and he wanted to be angry – well, he was angry, but now was not the time to bring it up. He knew he had no right to be angry over the fact Sherlock had sex with Brian. He was technically dead... and if John really had died he would have wanted Sherlock to be happy, even if that meant him sleeping with Brian. That didn’t mean he still wasn’t angry though, but the thing that stung him the most, is Sherlock didn’t stop when he came back… not for a whole week… He ran a hand through Sherlock's hair again and kissed the side of his head, “I’m sorry...” He whispered.
Mike flailed, stood up abruptly, and ran out of the room. Luckily they had a doctor and nurse on the staff and he would go get them for John... he didn’t like the idea of leaving John alone, but he had no other choice. He grabbed the nurse and doctor and by the time they got back to John he had passed out. Truthfully it was probably better that way... a quiet John was always a better John.
Mycroft swallowed and nodded, “yeah, alright... but just wait a little bit, alright? Wait until you’re better.” He said quietly as he started writing Sherlock's number down on a sticky note that he had found in the room.
Sherlock smiled up at the building and shook his head a bit, John always managed to surprise him. They walked in and were taken back to their seats, which were located in the corner of the room. It was more secluded and more romantic that way. John pulled Sherlock's seat out for him and then pushed it in once Sherlock sat down.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes, but it wasn't very effective because he was grinning from ear to ear and it just made him look creepy. "Shut up." He hummed.
The man slowly let him go and then smirked, smoothing out Sherlock's shirt before pulling back “James Moriarty, actually... but I think I like Moriarty better than Jim or James. God, I hate my first name, but you already knew that.” He hummed, “I’ll see you around, Sherlock.” He gave a toothy grin and patted him on the back. He blew Sherlock a kiss and then walked away, swaying his hips a little as he did so.
Sherlock’s eyes widened. So this was going somewhere… Mycroft gasped and put a hand on John's wrist. “Wait! John! What was the bunny’s name? I need a name John! And then you can go to sleep. I Promise.”
John snickered and smiled sweetly at Sherlock's mother. “I really hope I don’t intrude on your family… it’s just– well…” John looked down.
John just cried harder, “No!! You left me...” Was Sherlock always this rude? Of course he was needy right now, he was fucking miserable.
“Because she thought you sounded beautiful! Plus, she helped me with my problems and most of my problems revolve around you soooo...” John smirked at him and held his hand softly.
“Well I woke up and fell on the floor because Sherlock is so noisy and then me and Sherlock had sex in the shower, he was already a bit loose from the night before. It was so—“
John swallowed hard because he felt ashamed and angry and so many emotions were coursing through his body and he hated it! He felt ashamed because he was being pitiful and crying, especially when he had cried way too many tears for the stupid bloke currently outside of the stall door. He felt angry because of how Sherlock had been treating him. He glared at the back of the door and was going to tell Sherlock to ‘fuck off’, but before he even registered what was happening he had stood up, walked to the door, and unlocked it for Sherlock. He was a bit peeved by his actions, but apparently didn’t have any control over the situation – wretched brain.
Sherlock sat up more than he already was and blinked rapidly, “Wait… I’m sorry… You do know we are talking about John, right? John wouldn’t fucking hurt a fly unless he had to. He killed in the military, yes, but that was because he had to!” He snapped slightly. Honestly, how could he even tell him this? His body went cold and then he swallowed, “Wait… do you have him in custody? Is that why you’re calling me?” He asked slowly.
“John!” He snapped and he didn’t care what John would do to him for that. This was important, “It’s Mycroft... He called someone and I don’t know how... But you need to come down.”
John knew he had to start getting a move on things, but he didn’t think Sherlock was ready yet... However, the problem was, was that Sherlock was ready and John
Sherlock sniffled and shook his head, his eyes were wide at the thought of having to wear these until he died. Especially now, considering they were half cut up already. “No...”
They arrived at the train station and John and Sherlock got out of the car while Mycroft stayed inside, this was there moment and he wasn’t going to intrude. John grabbed his bags out of the boot and looked at Sherlock, “well... don’t be a stranger.” He tried for a chuckle and somewhat succeeded.
Sherlock sighed a long and suffering sigh. He honestly hated people and he was so bitter about everything. He didn’t care about life anymore... not since John died. He didn’t even know why he continued to live if he was being honest with himself. He figured it was because he would rather feel the pain of depression than to be gone completely. Plus, you never really knew what to expect when you died… for all he knew he would just cease to exist and he wasn’t sure he liked that outcome either. However, that didn’t stop him from trying on several occasions. Sometimes he wished he had never met the bastard. He honestly ruined him and Sherlock hated him for that, “Fine, but I just want you to know that your case is incredibly dull and I’m only taking it for the money.” He huffed and stood up, but wouldn’t turn around. He walked over to the window and peered out of it.
Sherlock's heart jumped. He looked down at their entwined hands and then forward again. He was having a hard time breathing and the world felt fuzzy, was that normal? “Umm... John…”
He sat there as he read the newspaper, thinking everything over when his mobile started to ring. He frowned slightly and picked it up, “Mycroft Holmes.”
Sherlock swallowed and cut him off. "You still have the chance to make this okay... Just call an ambulance and leave me alone... That way you won't be a suspect... You can do it... You have a choice, John. You can either dial 999 or leave me alone to die, but right now I don't want to see you." He growled a bit, but more so because he was in pain, not because he was angry. However, he was angry... He was furious, but he couldn't focus on that right now.
about him..? They had history… Unless… “What did he ever do to you?” he asked slowly, not sure if that was the right question to ask either, but apparently it was.
This time it was Claire’s turn to be quiet, but Sherlock didn’t interrupt, he just waited. “I’m not quite sure he has that long...” She whispered quietly.
John screamed in anger and threw his glass of water across the room, shattering it into shards. He sunk down on the floor and just sobbed, trying to get a hold of himself. The thought that Sherlock didn’t survive that was stupid because he was with Sherlock now, but still… Sherlock was in just as much pain as him – he didn’t understand how he didn’t realise it before. He knew Sherlock was in pain, of course he did, but he had it in his mind that Sherlock had it better.
Lily smiled warmly at him. “It’s not a problem, dear.” She turned to Sherlock and her warm smile turned slightly sad. “Listen… Sherlock, I’m going to have to leave for a few days.”
Blake nodded slowly and swallowed thickly. He slowly moved his hand up and down and dammit this was so awkward! He wasn’t even gay and he had never done this in his whole life.... He didn’t even know what John wanted! He slowly undid John's trousers after a while and stifled a sigh. This is what John Watson did... he used and abused people to a certain extent... The worst part was if Blake had chosen to decline this little excursion he would probably get his hand chopped off by one angry John Watson... Everyone tried their best to avoid an angry John Watson because that was probably one of the most terrifying things Blake has ever seen.
“I know... just... I know it’s stupid, but when I can’t solve a case I’m afraid you’ll... I don’t know... you’ll stop putting up with me and leave...”
John laughed a bit and then sat next to Sherlock’s bed as he reached out to grab his hand. “You just woke up from a grueling surgery that saved your life and your first question is how long you have to stay in here?” He chuckled fondly and shook his head, “Sorry, love, we have no idea. It just depends on your recovery process.”
John tried to focus on his breathing, her words were too much for him to listen right now, but he lost it anyway. His anger had been much harder to control ever since Sherlock had left him. He grabbed his beer and threw the glass against the wall, shattering it and sending beer flying everywhere. The pub was silent and John was heaving, gasping in gulps of air trying to get a handle on the anger bubbling up inside of him.
John’s hands flew up to his dad’s hand that was currently in his hair. He tried to tug his dad’s grip away, but he couldn’t do that without ripping his hair out. He was in so much pain and he just wanted this nightmare to end. He also knew that his dad was overusing the word fag just because John had pointed out that he didn’t like it. God, he really wished he hadn’t said anything, and in truth if Sherlock wasn’t here he probably wouldn’t have, but… He just really didn’t want Sherlock to see this at all and instead of being silent and just taking whatever his father had to say, he had gone and made it worse. Fucking great job, John.
to tell him... but he knew that there was more and the fact that Sherlock wasn’t able to tell him hurt. He had no idea what that more was and, honestly, he had no idea why he was so certain that there
John smiled and nodded, “I was hoping you would choose that,” he said softly and together they walked hand in hand out of the school.
Sherlock swallowed hard, “With – with my mother’s death... and my stalker... I can’t handle it. I just can’t do it anymore, John... please understand this...” He finished weakly. God, John would see right through that… maybe he wouldn’t, this was rather emotional for the both of them.
With every couple of minutes that passed, John felt like the car was getting closer and closer. He shoved his hands in his pocket and started to walk faster. He smirked to himself when he realised that he lost the car... until he realised that the car had just stopped and now the person who had been driving the car had gotten out and had started to chase him. John would have reacted, he would have ran, but he didn’t have the energy to carry on anymore. He just hoped it was a murderer and not some sex trafficking, or torture sadist that kept them alive for years on end. He sighed slightly to himself, he was probably just being paranoid anyway. What murderer would take a child in the day time? Before he could think anything else though he was being tackled to the ground and having a bag thrown over his head.
John clenched his gun tightly at the memory. He was visibly shaking and he shouldn’t have let his mind wander. He’d been doing that a lot recently and he hated it.
John made aeroplane noises and snickered when Sherlock finally rolled his eyes and opened his mouth. He put the Jelly inside of Sherlock's mouth and hummed, “see? That wasn’t so bad!”
John sighs and tries to wiggle away, but Sherlock's grip is too strong, “No, I’m saying that once upon a time I could have meant it, but now it means nothing to me.” He shrugs and then suddenly warm, wet lips are on his. He kisses back for three seconds before he’s turning his head to the side, “Sherlock stop!” He swallows and squeezes his eyes shut.
John's breath caught. He didn’t know what to say and of all the things he thought Sherlock was going to say it wasn’t that. John knew it wasn’t true, but Sherlock had a reputation for not caring for anything… of being a sociopath. He swallowed thickly as he thought that he used to be one of those kids who thought that about Sherlock. Ever since Primary school Sherlock had been there. Hiding away… being by himself on the playground, looking at worms. No one wanted to go to Sherlock, no one wanted to reach out because Sherlock was different. Even John hadn’t wanted to go near him at that young age, but the truth was, was that Sherlock was just a lonely scared little boy on the inside, a boy that had to go through years and years of solitude because he happened to be different. Even now he got made fun of consistently and it made John sick to think that he would not be laying here with Sherlock right now if he didn’t take up that dare.
*Future me* Sort of wish i made john less weak but i came up with this story years ago and i cant change the story line without changing the whole story and ugh. Though to be fair I did take out a lot of his weakness and mellowed it. guysss he was even weaker in my notes. bwhahaah
And then he just stopped and stared at the ground. John frowned through his tears and then fear struck through him as he saw Sherlock walk to the edge and climb over the railing. John could tell he was shaking and he knew Sherlock was terrified, but Sherlock looked up into the sky and smiled sadly and then just let go. He jumped and John's heart felt like it had just stopped. He wanted to know what happened next, but the screen went black and that was the end... there was no more.
“Sherlock, I’m sorry! We couldn’t find him and I didn’t want to worry you, but I just got a call that someone saw him for the first time in a week! He’s finally on the move again and that worries me... I fear he might....” Mycroft trailed off because he didn’t want to tell Sherlock something that Sherlock most likely already knew.
“You know, ‘cause the thing is… I don’t think you are fit to be head captain if you can’t beat up a low life such as Mister Holmes.” Brian drawled as he brought his hand back to punch Sherlock.
Blake nodded slowly and bit his lip. John scared him a lot actually and he was only here because John had something on him.... John had something on everyone here and that was why they were working for him... well, he had something on everyone, but Mike. Mike just worked for John and no one knew why... Blake had a theory that John actually knew everyone’s name, but only called everyone by the wrong name because he knew it got under some peoples skin. However, Blake didn't mind one bit.
“Right...” John scoffs and shakes his head. He pauses for a second and then suddenly mashes his mouth against Sherlock's.
Sherlock blinked slightly and frowned. "I told you it wasn't time yet..." He mumbled like she was an idiot, that only made Claire angrier.
"Fuck..." He groaned and then snickered and pretended to cough, though really he didn’t have to pretend that hard, his throat was still aching. "Actually I'm sick!"
So basically this has been done since three days after I posted chapter 11, but my beta went missing and so I waited for her to return and eventually she texted me saying she got everything taken away and that's where she went and then she didn't even beta this chapter which is fine... I'm not mad. BUT THAT IS WHERE IT HAS BEEN AND I AM SO SORRY FOR THE LATENESS!!!
Lily nodded slowly. “There’s some video footage of him from CCTV... just ask him about it... because I don't think that you two will get through this either, unless he talks.” She slowly took his hand, “I know it may seem like he doesn’t care, but he’s just scared... He doesn’t handle pain well, John, and he’s so terrified of losing you again.”
They arrived at a quaint little cottage out in the middle of nowhere. Sherlock sighed and walked inside. It was a really nice house, but he didn’t want to hide out here! He wanted to go back to Baker Street, back to where both he and John belonged. However, they were all right... it wasn’t safe there, though, Sherlock didn’t think it was safe here either.
But actually if i had to choose between benedict and martin.... damn. martin is my shit i would choose him over my whole entire family. sorry not sorry.
“Well, whether you do or don’t, it isn’t my problem, but she’s dying and Sherlock doesn’t know. So now you get to tell him.” He smirked and laughed more.
Sherlock took his hand in his once more, partly because he wanted to, but mostly because he wanted to reassure John that it was okay. He squeezed his hand once and looked at his mother. “John’s father kicked him out because he’s gay and now he doesn’t have anywhere to go.”
John’s throat was burning and he didn’t know why... he could only assume that it hurt because of the constant screaming he was doing from behind the car, he hadn’t even realised he was screaming – when did he start that? It made sense though, he was calling out orders to other soldiers and yelling over the gunfire so that they would hear his commands. Captain John Watson… The one everyone looked up to, even if he was a bit of a hermit on off days. John poked his head over the car, firing his gun as he did so, and that’s when he saw it. He swallowed hard as an eighteen-year-old boy was standing in the middle of the opened, looking like a scared cat. Christ, John was pretty sure he just got transferred in that morning, of course he had no fucking idea what to do, John would be just as terrified if this had happened to him on his first day. He yelled to the boy as loud as he could – he didn’t even know his name… The boy, however, wasn’t paying attention to him, he was just standing there frozen watching bullets soar by, hoping that one didn’t hit him – even though he was making himself the easiest target in the history of targets. Fuck. John watched, calculating options he should take, and with each moment that passed he knew the fate was inevitable, that this boy was going to die – no, he wouldn’t let that happen. This boy had a future ahead of him and even though he could die later down the line, at least John would have made it so he lived a bit longer, possibly long enough to outlive his time in this war. John realised he wasn’t much older, he had a future too… he was only twenty-three, but he always put others needs before his own, if he were to die saving a young boy it would all be worth it. If he stayed where he was and watched as this young boy died, doing nothing to stop it, he wouldn’t be able to live with himself.
Once he got there he collapsed next to Sherlock and grabbed his wrist softly, “Sherlock... Sherlock please...” He whispered quietly, his voice cracking. Nurses were trying to pull him away, but he couldn’t hear or see anything besides Sherlock. He screamed in anger when he couldn’t find a pulse, pressing down harder as if to make the pulse appear anyway. This wasn’t happening! Him and Sherlock were supposed to grow old together! He felt like he couldn’t breathe, he felt like he was about to burst into tears, but the tears didn’t come. He just slowly bent down and rested his head on Sherlock’s chest. However, it didn’t even last a second before the nurses were tugging him away, harder this time and John wasn’t strong enough to stay where he was. He settled for nuzzling his face into one of the nurse’s chest as he watched Sherlock's lifeless body, blood dripping out of his head and pooling around in the pavement. It felt like this wasn’t really happening, that he would wake up from this awful nightmare any second. He would be sleeping next to Sherlock and he would wake him up just so he could cry into his neck while the younger man held him... but the longer he sat there watching his best friend the more reality set in. That this was actually happening – and he wasn’t going to wake up, ever.
Sherlock pursed his lips and then shook his head. “I wanted to… I did, but then I thought back to Vanessa… And my father… Mycroft, everyone at school. Do you know… ever since I was in Primary school I’ve been told the same thing. It’s always the same concept, same phrase… After a while it just-…” He took a breath and closed his eyes. “It just sticks... and you start to believe what they say.” He was glad for the darkness that enveloped them… He wasn’t good at talking about his feelings in general, but in the dark it was easier to talk. It felt like the words floated out of his mouth and went into a void, never to be brought up again. In the dark he could be brave. “They say ‘sticks and stones will break your bones, but names will never hurt you’ well, I think that whoever came up with that is a fucking twat. Because they do… they do hurt. You start to take everything they say to heart and you think ‘maybe the world really would be a better place without the freak in the back of the class that can read minds’… so you start planning. Planning to make them happy, to finally give them what they want. You sit in your room contemplating on the idea while you’re sitting on your bed with a bottle of pills, or a gun, or maybe a rope… and you just… cry. For me it was the gun… that’s why Mycroft couldn’t find it…” A tear escaped his eye and fell from Sherlock's face, but he didn’t care. “Every day I would lock myself in my room for hours thinking, writing, planning. I sat there with the gun pressed to my head and I thought ‘come on Sherlock.. Just pull the trigger. No one will even notice you’re missing because no one wants you… your mum’s never around and neither is your father, Mycroft has been telling you since you were a young age that caring isn’t an advantage so obviously he didn’t care, and then the people at school who take time out of their day to make your life a living hell… well, they obviously want you gone. They have said it enough times to make it very clear’… but then I think…  ‘Don’t do it Sherlock… you’re stronger than this and what is this going to prove? That you’re weak? That you’re letting them win?’ So I put the gun down because even if they make my life miserable every single god damn day of their lives… I
"Good morning, John!!" She grinned and then tsked at him. "So messy." She grumbled and started picking up all the trash. She went to move a pile of papers, but John was growling at her so she slowly retracted her hand, "Not today then..." Claire said sadly under her breath. She straightened up and looked at him, "John, I know it's hard... And I'm not saying you have to get rid of everything, but these papers are pointless..." She whispered.
Sherlock took a breath and then grew angry, after everything he had done, after everything they had been through John was just leaving. “Fine. Go away. See if I care.” He snapped at him before turning on his heels and stomping back out to the couch to have a sulk.
and said those five stupid magic words and John caved. So, it appeared he actually would be caught dead in it one day, but honestly that was fine with John. They could think what they wanted, “Fine! Buy the damn necklace.” He huffed.
Sherlock just nodded slowly and walked around the TARDIS for a second before he looked at The Doctor. “This is so amazing….” He whispered.
“Yay!!” John jumped up and down and then ran downstairs. He got a ride from Mycroft, even though it wasn’t that far from their house, they would walk home though. John climbed out of the car once they got there and thanked Mycroft for taking time out of his day to drop them off at their dinner date.
Brian smirked and kissed his forehead, “hey... I brought you something.” He smiled and pulled the items out of the bag.
John sighed heavily. "Have what?" He asked before turning around. His eyes landed on the locket and he froze. "H-how do you have that?" He whimpered.
Sherlock groaned a bit, but then glared at Brian. “Really, when are you going to realise that I’m never going to want you, Brian, you need to accept that. And even if there was some alternate universe in which I am also infatuated with you, I hardly doubt that beating me up would make me realise I actually want to get into your pants. I’m sorry you’re in love with me, but you are
John's heart picked up speed and he closed his eyes. This could not be happening to him! He briefly wondered what Sherlock would think about his abrupt disappearance, but then he came to the conclusion that Sherlock probably didn’t even care and somehow that was worse than if he were to rejoice. At least if Sherlock felt happiness with his death, John could have gave him something in his final moments. He swallowed hard and leaned back against the seat. “So that’s it then? You’re just going to kill us both...?”
Sherlock nodded slowly, sniffling as he looked up into the blonds face, “Okay... I’m sorry.” He whispered.
So now... here they are... alone at Baker Street and Sherlock is staring at him. He won't stop staring and the silence is deafening. John doesn’t really know how to tell him, and Sherlock was apparently content on staring at him. Sherlock did a lot of that lately, but John doesn’t understand why. John looks down because he can't stand it any longer... and maybe that’s why Sherlock did it... he doesn’t know, but then again John doesn’t really know anything nowadays.
“Sherlock… that was amazing! I don’t care if it is a ‘shot in the dark’ as you so wonderfully put it… I want to know if you got it right.” John said as he ran a little ahead of Sherlock and stopped in front of him before walking backwards.
“Brian? High school Brian? The Brian that... loves you?” He swallowed, “Sherlock, I don’t really think that that’s a good idea I mean... unless you two have–“ He was cut off by Sherlock though.
Sherlock blinked and watched from the grass, he was so proud of John… His John. He really didn’t expect that happening, and deep down he figured John would never come out and they would live their life together in secrecy forever. He smiled softly and tried to crawl towards John to help him, but was in too much pain to even get anywhere so he just gave up and watched John from where he laid.
“It’s a love story and they kiss in the rain… Except it’s at a lake and not in the middle of the street, but I’m sure that this is in a film somewhere!” He laughed, “anyway, The Notebook – well, It’s depressing, but then it ends happily... In a depressing sort of manner.” He frowned slightly as he cleared his throat.
Sherlock grinned back at him, thank god for that. He wasn’t sure what he would have done if John had been seeing other people while he was away, “Good.” He replied and just laid down in his arms.
“You don’t know shit!” He screamed and kicked him again.  “Let’s just say I owed myself a personal favour.” He growled. He turned towards Mike and then stormed out of the room. He was pissed and he just wanted to go back home to Sherlock.
The man blew a sigh of relief, there was still a chance of Mr. Holmes turning him down, but at least they were getting somewhere, “John. Captain Watson. John Watson, sir.” The man on the other end finally got out, John had been a friend to him, he was having a hard time staying calm, but he was managing.
