a case, Sherlock will surely tell him about it later, won’t he? He had mentioned on live telly that he wanted it kept a secret from John because he was afraid John would tease him (and admittedly, John would, but only because he knew Sherlock would understand it was all in good fun), but John suspects that Sherlock only said that to keep up appearances and make the audience laugh. It has to all be part of the persona he’s clearly playing.
Molly’s brows knit in confusion. Is Henry lying to her? Is he genuinely upset at the loss of Basil Hallward and hiding it with all this talk of finding him tiresome or did he actually dislike his so-called friend so much? Is it possible that he had murdered Basil Hallward as they suspected? After all, why would Dorian ask
Sherlock entered the mostly empty dining area and caught a glimpse of Mary and John sitting at a table together. He was relieved they were still here and immediately started making his way toward them. As he approached he caught the tail end of a conversation,
“Ha! I said it first, I win!” Harry exclaimed in glee and bounced over to the cupboard to get some biscuits.
“Waiting on someone important?” A deep melodious voice whispers from beside her. It belongs to one of the other VIP guests seated in the same area as Molly. The man is probably in his late forties. He’s quite handsome, with his long and wavy salt and pepper hair, dark eyes and seductive smile, though his lips are somewhat obstructed by his facial hair.
“Sorry John, but I’ve got to get going for work soon and Rosie’s already awake. Unless you want me to bring her playpen into the room and leave your door open? She’s watching her morning telly just now, but I can bring her the kiddy tablet if you like, get her portable crib, maybe?” She asks.
With a happy sigh, John finally comes away from them. “Well.” He says, “better finish cleaning this up or I’ll never do it.”
“No– you didn't have to,” Harry said, her face upturned to look at him now, her other hand pulled up and balled into in his shirt at his chest as her eyes bored into him, willing him to understand.
Sherlock grins, “That’s the spirit, John,” he says, handing John his phone, which Greg has been gracious enough to hand back to him, unlocked to feature the picture of a man in around his early fifties dressed in a tuxedo and carrying a tray of tall glasses filled with a pink liquid. “This is Francis,” Sherlock explains, “He was a butler of Henry’s and the last one to see Hallward. Basil had apparently gone looking for Gray on the night he was supposed to take a midnight train to Paris. Unfortunately for Basil, Dorian wasn’t home the evening he went to see him. He had apparently waited until eleven p.m. for Gray to come home, but seeing as Dorian never showed up he’d left before having a chance to see him. Dorian didn’t make it home until two in the morning. We know that the servant died, but we don’t know
Sherlock spots Lord Henry soon enough. The man is standing, surrounded by a small group of people, spreading his hands grandly at some joke he’s obviously just made as they all laugh. Molly lets go of Sherlock’s arm and looks at her friend, her eyes questioning him with a very clear:
“Yes! And we forgot about him and came to Angelo’s and –” Sherlock giggles at the memory of the case. A gardener had been keeping his wife in the home’s secret basement in order to hide her from debtors. He had claimed she had run away and gone missing, however, Sherlock’s clients had hired him after their son had spotted a so-called ghost-nanny at night who fed him peanut butter sandwiches at midnight. They had brought Greg with them to arrest the Gardener that night, but he’d ended up getting trapped in a utility closet in the secret basement by the child who wanted to protect his ghost friend.
“Hullo.” John answered, “And hello Sue,” He said greeting the seamstress amicably. She inclined her head with a smile as she walked away.
, Mycroft!” Sherlock whispered in sudden understanding as he read the words 'london journal' from a distance.
Sherlock and John exchange another look as they both think “Angelo,” before smiling at the waiter and thanking him. John makes sure to at least tip the man before they go, since Angelo had refused their payment for the meal.
Sherlock looks about to argue, but John interrupts him. Knowing that they’ll just end up eating for free anyway, or that Angelo will find a way to make up for the payment by plying them with other free and expensive items off-menu, he says, placing a hand casually on Sherlock’s to silence him, “It’s fine, Angelo, thank you very much,”
John looked towards the bar and saw Mary whispering something into his sister's ear. Harry laughed flirtatiously.
?!” He grumbled, checking the clock. “Fuck it.” John tossed back the covers and got back up, turning all the lights on. He paced the living room for a second. Looked down, saw a newspaper, picked it up and pretended to read it.
The male voice hesitated, “Well, it's a long story... but there's... there's this man... and I, well we– and I just– I need to know that he's okay”
John checked the front door of the flat for the fifth time that night, opening it and looking out into the hall just to be sure. Nope. No one. He slammed the door shut and resolved himself to going to sleep.
“Definitely her then?” John asked, hoping that it wasn't, if only so Sherlock wouldn't have the displeasure to be inspecting the body of a woman he'd once known. John really didn't want to believe that the pretty smiling girl in that article, who seemed so happy standing there in her cotton-candy pink dress beside her husband, was now dead. It was so sad.
John nodded his thanks and jogged his way to Mike “Alright, mate, hey, hey, I'm here. What's going on? What's wrong?” He asked calmly, grabbing the man's forearm in a friendly gesture.
“Have you done something wrong?!” Mycroft asked, “Sherlock tells me you helped him solve a crime, but I don't see how you could have, not while you have the nerve to ask me a question like that. Take a look at where you're standing, Dr. Watson, and at my disposition towards you and make a deduction. What do you
“My old commanding officer.” John said as he read a note written by his friends Stella and Ted, “He'll be there.”
The cabby shuffled around in the back as he checked his pockets. Finally he retrieved something, held it forward in his hand for Sherlock to see. “Don't–!” The cabby said, as Sherlock reached for it, “–look at it but don't touch it.”
John waited a moment as Sherlock settled himself. Finally Sherlock sat forward and began grinding on him. It started slow and teasing at first then quickened when he moved his hands up over his own body running them up the expanse of his chest, one hand over each nipple, moving up towards his neck and higher still, to push his hair out of his face again.
“Really? And what are you hungry for, Watson?” He asks her as he fixes her bib and takes his seat, moving his chair a little closer to her.
Beside him his girlfriend gapes at him, her eyes wide in confusion and her brows lifted high on her forehead. She looks from John to the screen, “Since WHEN?!” She manages to get out.
For John, he copies the link of Sherlock’s most recent performance, the one Sally had called a Charleston, and pastes it to a message he sends to John with the added caption, “You seen this yet? Apparently, he’s on again tonight.”
As always I appreciate the love and comments and kudos but mostly I appreciate you all reading this. <3 see you in a month (probably, if I'm not failing school).
She fusses some more and finally kicks at his chest. Her little shoe flies off and hits him under the chin.
“That’s not what I— god why is it so hard to talk to you?” Sherlock asks, infuriated. He rests his back against the chair and looks to the ceiling for a moment as he ruffles his hair with a hand again —and his curls are really in quite a disarray now. John feeds Rosie an overdue morsel before Sherlock decides to lean forward again to explain, “Look, yes I respond in text because otherwise how would I communicate with my deranged friend, hm? By carrier pigeon? She sends me birthday wishes and holiday messages. Sometimes she sends me messages just to annoy me. Last year she sent me a postcard from Peru that said ‘wish you were here, you should see the view,’ with an attached photo of herself in lingerie on a mountain - do you want to know what I did with it? I burned it slowly and sent her a text with a video of it turning to ash with one of those smiley faces you all love to use so much.”
The expression of incredulity on John’s face reminds Sherlock of the first night they’d met, when Sherlock had admitted to being a junky.
Harry gasped, “Oh! Mother! They're both so perfect! Oh mum... thank you! Really it's an honour!” She stood and wrapped her arms around her mother tight.
John makes his way to 221 Baker Street in the late afternoon to pick up Rosie from Mrs. Hudson’s. He worries his lip in thought as he sits on the tube on his way there. He wonders if Sherlock would be alright with him coming up to see him once he’s gotten Rosie. He’s worried about him. Seeing Eurus always makes him sulk and besides that, John still hasn’t spoken to Sherlock about his crankiness during the case. Although -now that he thinks about it- perhaps Sherlock had been cranky because he’d wanted to spend time with his boyfriend, and John had just invited himself along on the case. Perhaps Sherlock had meant to invite the other man instead.
Sherlock’s sad smile is back, confirming John's thoughts, “Not much.” He admits. “But it’s not like I can openly admit my feelings.”
John raises a brow at Rosie. Little traitor. He takes a deep breath and attempts to sort out what he wants to say but he finds staring in Sherlock’s direction is making him loose his nerve. Finally, he decides to turn his face towards the wall in order to get it out, “I wanted...” he stalls, “these past few days... when we went on that case. You... you, er... you seemed... distant. And I thought. I dunno, perhaps you might be upset with me? I just. I dunno, wanted to make things right I guess. And I... wanted to say something. Something I’ve been meaning to say, but have never had the chance to say... or rather, never had the courage to-” John stops again.
“Shewah!” Rosie interrupts, laughing delightedly and reaching for him. Sherlock happily sweeps her up into his arms in response.
John elbowed Sherlock, smiling at the reference to their earlier squabble, “Bit of advice, then, don't make people giggle at a crime scene. Gives away the fact you're secretly a robot.”
“Yes, dear, but that isn't exactly what you did, is it?” Irene said, “What you did was unleash twenty years of repressed feelings in one night. –It was entertaining, don't get me wrong– but if it was the right thing to do you'd feel better right now...” Irene put a soft hand on John's arm as he looked back down at the carpet, “Do you feel better right now?”
The boy hadn’t looked deterred by that. If anything he seemed curious, “I suppose I ought not to bother him then,” he had said, “though it all seems rather exciting - what he does.”
“Positive.” Josh replies, and after a short silence continues, “You want to know what he gave me? Here on this piece of paper?”
Sherlock was now nipping and caressing his way lower down John's abdomen, which tightened as his hips stuttered while he tried to at least show some modicum of self-restraint, unlike Sherlock who was definitely making his way down lower. He felt him nuzzling against his quivering prick, pressing soft kisses around it, his hand playing with the light trail of hair below his abdomen.
Carter put his hands in his hair and stared down at his tea. Mrs. Laurinston brought some over for the rest of the men then, and a cup for herself as she sat quietly and listened. Carter said nothing for a while. Just sat there.
“Uh-huh,” Rosie says, choosing to go back to colouring while she speaks to him, “You keep it. It’s for you.”
Naturally, the first thing Irene does, as soon as she bypasses his password (a feat that proves to be incredibly easy), is to get Sherlock an Instagram on which she plans to regularly post pictures and stories of him sleeping or zoning out on his violin; possibly some videos of their dancing practice for the competition. She does take Sherlock’s advice on not bothering Eurus though. The very idea of going near that nutcase gives her chills.
Right on cue, Irene – while dragging Greg along with her – makes a b-line to Henry’s wife, Victoria, who is seated with a few people nearby. She puts on her false heavily Russian accent and calls, “Victoria, my dear friend, how are you?”
Sherlock thought for a moment. “I don't think it was the wife,” he said, “But it's clear that Jennifer Wilson and Carter were having an affair. Carter might have an alibi if Time of Death doesn't add up, but that doesn't necessarily mean it wasn't him. I need a bit more information though. This isn't making any sense.”
, Sherlock thought with a smile in his eyes as he began bobbing his head up and down, looking up at John (who seemed to be hypnotized now by the sight of Sherlock's plump, glossy cupid's bow lips stretched around him), sucking.
The next took John a little longer, because he was inside laughing hysterically. Sherlock, unable to hold back and his curiosity piqued, made to get up just as John opened the door and walked out dressed in a wine coloured turtle neck dress with a black lace overlay a thick silk belt-ribbon and a flared skirt dropping down to his knees. He wore it in combination with a pair of red flat slippers.
John arrived at the caterer's a little later than Mary. She was sat at a table alone in the empty restaurant as she waited for him to arrive.
The waiter nods in acknowledgment and takes out a notebook to take down the orders, “Sure thing, sirs.”.
think you're attractive–” John explained as Sherlock pouted saying, at the same time as John spoke, “I'm at least
Rosie doesn’t understand a word Sherlock has said, except the mention of her father. She replies, “Daddy misses you too.”
“I'm sure.” Mary answered, “Now, I hate to ask you for another favour, but I need to find my speech for tonight and I cannot find the file.” She gestured over to her laptop on the hall table, “Do you think you could help me? It's on wireless so you just need to hit the print option I just... I–”
And with those words and Len's reassuring smile John was floating on a cloud of proud delight. For the first time in a while John didn't feel like the the responsibility of losing his father was too big a burden. He knew, in this moment, that he had made a difference in a big day for his cousin, and as they listened for instructions on leading the bride in with their new found responsibilities, John felt that he and his family would be okay. That was also
“If you don't start giving me feature stories I swear to you, Mycroft I will quit and go back to illegally chasing murderers in London while doing astounding amounts of cocaine. I hear there are some interesting serial suicides going on right about now, by the way, how's Anderson handling those stories, hmm?”
John glances at Sherlock worriedly. The tone he’d just used… it’s entirely unlike him. “You are not crazy, Sherlock,” he murmurs softly.
John shakes his head, “Alright, alright,” he replies, and picks up the tray of food, quickly catching up with Rosie, and allowing her to grasp onto his trouser’s fabric while he slowly moves towards Sherlock’s room with her. When they reach the door, John motions for Rosie to remain silent. She repeats the shushing motion from earlier and holds onto the door frame as John tiptoes into the room with the tray. He places the tray on the bedside table and takes a moment to stare at Sherlock in loving admiration. He lovingly brushes a lock of hair from his face with his fingers before bringing Rosie over. Rosie places her little hands at the side of Sherlock’s pillow and whispers, “Shewock. Up, up! Up, up, Shewock,” while tapping in the direction of his face.
,” Shirley answers, “And for making me happy today, not just with your choice of song but those expertly performed lifts and turns, I’m giving you a well-deserved nine. Now, it’s only not a ten because there were a few off-tempo moments here and there but, overall it was very good.”
He types in a message for him, “Are you alright?” He frowns, deletes it, types again, “So she’s back then?” No, that’s not right. He’s not sure why he’s typing ut messages to him at all. John contemplates the why’s as he watches himself type and delete another message. He considers his feelings and finds… he wants to let Sherlock know that he’s seen the video footage, that he knows about Irene, but he doesn’t know how to phrase it. He’s not exactly happy about it (and why is that, Watson?) but he doesn’t want to actively discourage Sherlock from finally seeking out his romantic relationship with the woman. Finally, he settles on a simple text – one that he could send that tells Sherlock that John knows, but that doesn’t make him sound like he’s some… some… overly-concerned jealous pining girl or something. “Congratulations.” He sends the text.
John smiled at her indulgently and wheeled the rather large suit cases stacked on top of each other into the hall.
“Your boyfriend?” John replies, perplexed by Sherlock’s response, “Sherlock you were sleeping with him. Naked. You - what am I supposed to think?”
either,” John replies, gesturing towards Dorian as the boy runs a hand into his blond locks to push them out of his face and grin mischievously at Jack while he faces him. John and Algernon, meanwhile, start to shift closer so that one of them will be ready to tag in when Sherlock comes on. John isn’t sure he wants to try dancing with Sherlock for this – it had been awkward enough trying not to touch him while they had been searching for Jack earlier. Now all these eyes would be on them, and John knew that Sherlock’s talk about John’s lack of dancing prowess was only all too correct. This would be embarrassing as hell. Still, he felt like if he didn’t then Jack and Moncrieff might not be too pleased with him, and it would be more difficult to get them to be friendly with him if they think he’s a coward. Probably. John’s not sure how celebrities make friends but he figures it’s probably better for the case if he at least gives it a go.
“Is that what it’s called? This longing to see you? I suppose it is, isn’t it? Was it the thing about the skin?” Of course by not seeing her she’d deduced she’d frightened him anyway, “I thought it would have made you laugh. I did say it was a funny feeling, didn’t I? As I understand it when something is funny it makes people laugh.”
Sherlock’s lips turn up as he rumbles again, taking another step towards John, “Consulting Detective.”
Maybe once I finish the fic I'll draw things and add them at the end so you can see what my brain saw.
“You ready?” Molly asks Sherlock backstage as another of the competition’s couples dances on the stage, performing a rather sloppy yet passionate cha-cha.
Rosie babbles in his arms and points to various toys for him to pick up and pass to her, inspecting each curiously and babbling to him about them in serious tones. “Mmhmm. Interesting,” Sherlock encourages her with a smile, “and what can you tell me about this one,” he asks, picking up another toy for her to inspect. She takes it, studies it carefully, as she did with the others, and then lets out another string of incoherent baby babble. "Very good observations, Watson." Sherlock replies, continuing the game by giving her more toys to babble about, "And this?"
“Come in, dears, out of the rain.” The old lady at the door said as she opened the door and ushered the police officers as well as John and Sherlock into her little house.
John retreats to go get the items, and as he walks out the door says, “Always knew you’d be a bossy lay.”
this,” she implored. John gave a glance at the sheet as Harry continued talking, “Because we don't want to be embarrassed again.” Harry smiled a little unpleasantly.
“No, no one.” John agreed and smiled at her, the weight on his chest feeling slightly lifted. Good old Mary. She always knew what to say.
So, when John’s girlfriend decides that they should take a trip Dublin with Rosie in order to attend a conference with many of their colleagues, John agrees immediately. Being away from London for a bit will at least keep him from the temptation of following up on Sherlock’s activities, or worse finally cracking and deciding to go visit him. John packs his and Rosie’s things and they leave the city to be away for at least a couple of weeks.
Yes... I added the drugs and the alcohol problems. U_U I know, I'm horrible. The angst is strong withing me.
Molly watches the people dancing from above while she’s stood at the balcony by Henry’s side as he waxes poetic about some philosophical point on morality and the beauty of youth. He’s quite charming, really, for someone so narcissistic, but then Molly certainly does have a type. Sherlock has complained (for the past few weeks that Molly has been working with him and Irene to unravel her case) that he has never met more people that love to hear themselves natter on about nothing. Molly finds this quite amusing, as Sherlock himself is sometimes prone to talking like he’s stepped out of some Victorian novel. She smiles sweetly as Henry speaks, waiting until he’s done talking.
“Tough break this week, Mr. Holmes,” One of the other celebrities backstage comments. His name is Dorian. He’s a pretty young aristocrat famous for his sweet tragic romance songs, usually composed with a piano accompaniment, which he plays himself. He doesn’t look a day over twenty-three, with his smooth skin, bright blue eyes, curled blonde hair, and rose-petal lips. He’s a gorgeous innocent looking youth that Irene would, under other circumstances, love to defile, if she wasn’t so sure the boy is smitten with Sherlock. And if he weren’t almost half her age, obviously. Sherlock, unlike Irene, doesn't seem to have noticed Dorian's little crush, or if he has, he is clearly not interested.
“Do you mean is he still there?” Molly asked him her patient smile turning to one of sweet sympathy.
The brunette is not having it, though, and she huffs, exasperated, “Yeah, sure he does. And you know what, I wouldn’t be surprised if he doesn’t because when you two are in the same room it’s like no one else is in it. Do you know that when he’s around, you act as if I’m not even there?”
“How noble of you, do you also run around telling children that father christmas is a lie? Because someone needs to blow that shit wide open.”
“Yes well, that still leaves the question with as to who the straight bloke you’re pining after is.” John finally remarks.
“Traitor,” Sherlock mumbles softly, so that the only person who hears him is Molly. She glances at him sideways and they share a secretive smile. He nudges her and asks out loud so that the others will hear, “Molly, do you have the invitations?”
John rolled his eyes, “Morning Jim.” He greeted the small surly nurse as he walked into the reception hall of the clinic, “You haven't seen my diary perhaps, have you? I can't find it.”
“Yeah, I thought so too, just not quite that... ermm” Harry didn't finish her sentence, eyeing John suspiciously.
Sherlock pouts, “No, it would be inappropriate. John would probably mind. It’s probably one of his rule things. ‘Don’t bring the baby to potential criminal investigations or within distance of a known criminal/dominatrix,’ or something.”
Sherlock lies silently. He’s placed his arm back over his eyes again, aiming to look as non-chalant and needlessly dramatic as possible. On the inside his heart is beating uncontrollably and he feels his palms grow a little clammy with sweat. Outwardly he appears to be waiting patiently for John to get on with it.
Another roll of the eyes comes from Irene, “Then dinner it is,” she says, flicking a hand in the air, “Be brief and to the point.”
They lay together on the couch, John, with a sleeping Rosie on his chest, with his head resting on Sherlock's belly, as they watch random crap telly. Sherlock is distractedly carding his fingers through John's hair when John asks, "Sherlock?"
And if that doesn’t melt the heart of everyone in that room, Sherlock doesn’t know what would. “Yes, Miss Watson, now we dance,” he says, kissing her head. Irene connects Sherlock’s phone to the Bluetooth speaker hidden on his desk and plays a recording of the song Sherlock has been working to cover on the violin for their waltz. Sherlock smiles at her and begins to sway with Rosie to the music. Rosie claps delightedly. The song is soft and calming and sweet just like the moment and Sherlock wishes it could last forever.
) and put them on, followed by a little magnifying glass which he used to inspect Jenny's face, neck and hands.
John feels Sherlock’s smug smile against his lips before he hears Sherlock accuse teasingly, “You are! John Watson
“Hmm, yes, they're all pretty relaxed now. Keep drinking. I've an idea.” Sherlock jumped off the bar clumsily and stumbled over to a jukebox which had been steadily playing music the whole night.
Rosie ships her dads! Can you fault her for wanting her dads to be in a healthy relationship together so she can have two cool dads? Nope.
“Yeah, I agree, makes us look like a stuck-up high-class only sort of place. I will call the designer, let him know.”
Sherlock nods, a flash of sadness at John's announcement quickly concealed as he turns towards Rosie, saying, “Yes, of course,” and moves to pick her up. Before he reaches her, however, Rosie does something remarkable. She stands up! Sherlock immediately freezes, looking at John with an expression of shock which quickly morphs into joy. John is frozen too, and both men watch her cautiously while she stares down at her little feet, a little frown of concentration on her features. Rosie takes a deep breath and then, glancing at John’s arm in calculation she unsteadily waddles her way over, reaching out until she can finally take hold of his hand to steady herself. “DADAH!” She says, clearly showing off her new skill.
John couldn't help but push up into the warm depths of Sherlock's mouth as he grasped at John's shaft and lathed upwards, swirling his tongue around the frenulum and groaning deep in his throat. He sucked lightly and then plunged himself back down over and over. John lifted his hips and slid his hands onto Sherlock's head, tugging on his hair lightly as Sherlock continued one of the most amazing blow jobs John had ever had. John felt himself getting close now, and found he really didn't want it to be over this way, despite what his body wanted. He pulled Sherlock back by the hair a little harshly, bringing Sherlock's head up as he pulled himself off of John with a slow suck and a kiss at the end of his prick.
“Sherlock!” The heavily accented voice of Iris says from behind him, and the Russian beauty walks into the room looking huffy. She has a red beret on her head covering all of her golden locks and wears a long dark blue coat very similar to Sherlock’s. Her hazel eyes take in the room as she enters it, poking his ribs, “Careful! You will break my delicate ankles,” she scolds. “Hello, dear,” She continues, turning her attention to Molly, “And are you a friend of Sherlock’s?”
Sherlock had let that comment appear as if it skated off him (though it had given him nightmares for weeks after she’d said it), and had instead smiled and said, “I love you too, sister. Shall we play?”
At the use of the word ‘dance’ Rosie seems to suddenly recall her mission and she exclaims her first words since the meal began while kicking her little feet excitedly, “I wanna dance!”
Greg still isn’t sure, but he decides it might be a welcome distraction before he gets back to the murder he’s investigating. He takes the offered phone and turns on the paused video. At first, he almost rolls his eyes, having no idea why he’s watching a blonde woman and a skinny git twirling around a stage. Then he sees it. He sees why Sally is being so insistent, because the skinny twirling git... is Sherlock Holmes – and what’s more… the git can
“My brother always says there are no coincidences,” Sherlock replied, “I disagree. That first night I met you I didn't suspect you at all. It was John I was interested in.”
John rolled his eyes. “Fine...Um, well...” He rifled through the closet and took out an olive green jacket that appeared to be made of taffeta, a white shirt, cream paisley patterned sash belt and a pair of tan slacks, “This one, this one is quite...”
“Alright, John?” Sherlock asks, slightly worried, since John usually texts Sherlock rather than calling him, knowing Sherlock prefers not to have to speak on the phone like some old savage.
Sherlock stood hidden behind a plant by the window near the exit. He watched quietly as John's family, his sister and his friend silently reprimanded him for his behaviour. Sherlock however, was proud of him. He looked beautiful tonight even as he stood with his head held high in firm control, doing his best not to allow his regret to show. When John finally walked out of the door, Sherlock followed him.
Sherlock's eye twitched just a bit but his reassuring smile didn't falter, “I am detective William Scott, this is my partner John Watson. We work for Scotland Yard.” Sherlock bowed.
“Never pegged you for an Usher fan,” he comments as one of the songs with an electronic beat singing something about a DJ sounds optimistically through the flat.
Sherlock leans his head down on his arm and breathes deeply before responding in as normal a tone as possible, “It’s not a problem. Anything I can do to help?”
And my aren’t those words the greatest thing John’s ever heard. “You sure?” John whispers playfully around their kiss and nipping at Sherlock’s lower lip.
John shows his approval by giving him a pleased expression. “Come here, Rosie, let Sherlock have his meal,” he requests.
John blinks, confused by Sherlock’s explanation, what in the hell is he saying? “... I d- what d’you... mean by that, Sherlock?”
Harriet's footsteps came clattering back towards them. John looked up and opened his mouth to apologize, as he saw her red-rimmed eyes glistening with unshed tears, but Harry spoke first, “The wedding's off. I hope you're happy.” She croaked and walked away.
“And we really should go because Harry and I have a dinner benefit we promised we'd attend – well I promised months ago before Harry and now, well...”
“Yes, I think it goes nicely with the rest of table arrangement.” Sherlock answered, staring at the little opera houses thoughtfully.
“John,” Mary spoke quietly and gently, “The man was a twat. He took advantage of you. Don't worry about it-”
I think you'll enjoy this chapter, but it's mostly just a really long conversation that they very desperately need to have, in my opinion.
Sherlock smiles ruefully and looks down at his plate, “yes well…  so am I, if you think about it, so I guess our friendship makes sense.”
“Oh! Good morning loves!” She coos, “I didn’t realize John had stayed over,” She adds towards Sherlock, though there’s something in the way she says it that makes Sherlock think that she might not be being altogether honest about that.
The rain putters quietly against the windows of 221B. Sherlock stares out through them from his position by his desk with more than a little bit of disdain. He fiddles with the strings of his violin as he contemplates the hateful reality of having to spend a quiet day indoors with absolutely nothing to do and no one to entertain him either. Even Lestrade’s pile of cold cases had been solved just this morning and Sherlock can’t even begin to entertain the idea of visiting his sister at Sherringford. He is neither in the mood nor does he have the patience to deal with her little social experiments and irritations today, not when he himself is feeling so annoyed with the world. He definitely doesn’t want to see Mycroft and be accused of crawling to him for an interesting case.
Irene peaked her head into the room, “Everything looks perfect,” She walked over to John, hugging him, “and this suit, the best part of it is I can always keep it and wear it to another party.” She smirked as she pulled away from him.
here…” He stammers, his shy smile is hesitant but John can see right through it and at once he remembers where he’s seen that smile and this guy – this was the supposed neighbor John had seen exiting Sherlock’s home a couple of weeks ago – the guy who was supposedly helping Sherlock “
John knows what Sherlock is talking about as soon as he says ‘giant’ “Oh – god, yes! With the truffle oil and the - What was it an urchin?” He chuckles lightly at the memory of Angelo bringing them a huge plate of pasta with seafood, featuring the most enormous shrimp John and Sherlock had ever seen and a huge Black Sea urchin’s shell that he’d used to decorate the urchin’s meat. The entire dish had been flavored wonderfully with truffle oil and a couple of other spices. It had been amazing but the hilarious part had been that the only reason he’d brought it had been because Sherlock had tried to sneak a few bills into the register when he thought no one was paying attention.
explicit? Should I um... change the rating? It was sort of... an accident. At first I was worried I wouldn't be able to write it, and tbh I saw worse in my journey of smutty fic research in terms of explicitness but uh... it just sort of just came to me as I wrote it. I mean I had notes that I wrote while reading the other fics but they were mainly things like “note: the use of the words moaning and groaning in literally all the smut, stroking, shuddering, quivering, various deep voiced noises, etc" (They're actually really funny notes lmao lots of question marks.
Josh grins charmingly, “It’s really fine, Doctor Watson. I’m sure he won’t mind if I tell you, and I don’t mind easing your mind,” and he looks very sincere as he unfolds the piece of paper. On it is written a phone number, but it isn’t Sherlock’s. Above the number is simply a letter – the letter ‘J’. “It’s the phone number of another acquaintance of Sherlock’s,” Josh explains, “He said,” and here he blushes, “– he said he thinks I should call him, and that… and that I would find him to be, and I quote, ‘if not a bit overly sentimental at least a very good lay.’ Oh but –” Josh seems to kick himself mentally, “I probably shouldn’t have told you that last bit.” He laughs nervously, rambling now, “To be fair he also said that this guy and I could be very good together.”
“BISCUITS AND JAMMY DODGERS! JINX!” Harry yelled as John spoke the same words, both burning towards each other and pointing a finger in a long remembered game.
p.p.p.s. I'm getting too attached to the Wilde crew. Particularly Henry and Dorian (no surprise there – they're my favorite evil babies)
“Yeah... It was the perfect wedding.” John agreed as he came over to stand behind her and look, his recent mail in his hands. “The Park, the view of the sea, the manor, the band, the ceremony at sunset...”
The anger in John’s face disappears as quickly as the mood changes. Sherlock watches in disappointment as the doctor falls back against the couch, apparently no longer interested in… whatever it is he was going to do just now. That Woman! Of
Greg walks down the halls of Scotland yard with a neatly organized packet of papers inside of a manila folder under his arm and a coffee cup in his hand. He’s just gotten the results from an autopsy for a the most recent case he’s working on. He makes his way somberly to his office to review the information. The crime was a bit gruesome, and he hates to be thinking about murder on a Saturday evening but such is the nature of the job.
“No, you just think that one day Mary's going to wake up and realize she likes cock, and she's going to make some spectacular gesture of lus–”
Irene bit her lip between her teeth and looked at from Harriet, to Mary, to John with an extremely worried expression.
Sherlock doesn’t answer. Instead he stands and walks over to his phone and the little Bluetooth radio. He puts on the song for this week’s performance - Frank Sinatra’s “
i've never ever written a case before in my life so uh... I hope it makes sense so far..???? Also I wrote like five different versions before I was satisfied so... oops and since I didn't really proofread you might find some sentences or useless clues I forgot to omit. And Uh... I'm sorry if you would have preferred Benny and the Jets drunk dancing to the uh... case??? I did write a version with the benny and the jets dance and no case, but it's literally one paragraph describing that they're drunk and singing but then it just gets to ... well... things. #nospoilers lol but if you've watched 27 dresses then you know what happens. :S Mine's better though. no probably not. the only thing that makes it better is the johnlock :P
Sherlock and John exchange a secretive smile. They’d found Jack, now all they had to do was interview him without him or any of the others realizing anything suspicious. Dorian returns to wind himself on Sherlock’s other side, clearly not caring that he and John are still holding onto each other from around the shoulders and Sherlock sighs almost imperceptibly. Hopefully, the kid wouldn’t make it too difficult to talk to Jack.
John swallows. Was this happening? Were they going to do this now? Please, God, let them do this now. John doesn’t care about Sherlock’s boyfriend. The thought of Sherlock with someone other than himself is suddenly unbearable -
Sherlock gaped a little for a second, then brought his recording device to his lips, all the while staring John down, “Likes cock.” He rumbled into it, his voice feeling a little husky.
John laughs, ”Stop encouraging her criminal behaviour, Sherlock,” then to Rosie, “I’m only cleaning up after you because I don’t want you hurting yourself on the sharp bits, mind, young lady,” John playfully chastises her as they leave, his voice calling out to the short hall.
Sure enough it is the tall slender actor that stands at the bar with a Drink behind them. Sherlock and John make room so he can join their group.
The woman, Anthea, sighed, pinching the bridge of her nose with her fingertips. “Look... I already told you, I don't know.” She looked over at John, “But it has to have something to do with you. He's not been in since Mycroft promoted him to investigation.”
“Sure,” John answered distractedly, then realized his mistake as William drank form his glass, “NO!” He exclaimed.
John laughs and nods lightly, his hand running over Sherlock's chest. "Yes, yes, that. All of that," he replies, "You smug bastard."
Sherlock blinks for several seconds, seeming like a deer caught in headlights, “Why… to everything…” he repeats, and John nods, urging him to continue. “Right well I suppose I did say I would explain,” Sherlock mumbles, almost as if to himself.
John feels a pencil snap in his grip as he continues to stall on buzzing the intercom for his next patient.
John is momentarily caught off guard but he finds that actually, he is ready so he says: “Oh, er yes.”
Dorian rolls his eyes, “I’m older than I look, Mr. Holmes,” he replies, irritated, clearly having caught Sherlock’s indirect rejection, “And it’s just one drink,” his demeanor changes back to a shy flirtatious look as he flutters his lashes and looks up at Sherlock, his big blue eyes reflecting the lights around them, “Please? I’ll order you something lighter, I promise.”
“No she's Greg's Sherlock's best man,” Irene clarified, “There's two of us, one for John and one for Sherlock. Harry's John's maid of Honour. Speaking of ”
John lies down fully, his face on Sherlock’s chest and he brings a blanket over them. “It matters to me, Sherlock,” he whispers, kissing Sherlock’s clavicle, “When exactly...?”
John stood in the tailor's shop inspecting himself in the grand three-way mirror as the tailor, Harry (strange coincidence, that) Hart and his assistant, Gary considered the fit. John was leaning heavily on his cane, but despite that, he found that he appreciated the reflection of the elegant man in front of him. His tux was made up of finely tailored classic black suit jacket with rounded silk lapels, a crisp white white shirt, a black bow tie and a pair of simple, yet nicely fitting black slacks. The ensemble fit him rather nicely, so well, in fact, John hardly paid any attention to his ailment. He felt a bit like James Bond, actually.
Please stay? Jesus, The East Wind must have done a number on him today. “We’ll be right outside in the living room.” John promises.
John blinks, stunned. If Sherlock has been doing this for at least three weeks then how is it possible that none of them has noticed? John is sure that at least one or two of the women at his practice is probably acquainted with the show, and many people know of his association with Sherlock, surely? He’s totally surprised at the fact that no one has bothered to tell him. John’s mind involuntarily reminds him though, that Sherlock doesn’t tell John very many things. He had, after all, disappeared for two years from John’s life, having faked his death, and had never bothered with so much as a small message to let John know he was alive. This was decidedly quite different, seeing as how Sherlock was not faking his death and making anyone mourn him but John still dealt a pang at being excluded from this. He especially felt the upsetting similarity of the fact that Molly knew and hadn’t told him. Well, except she’s told him now. He’d give her points for that.
“...yeah...er...” Mary flicked an apologetic look in Archie's direction, “Look, John, Harry and I were going to go watch Archie's talent show, if you'd like to join us.”
John gave her a false grin in return, “You've got it,” he said, taking the script to look at it more closely as a woman walked in with a bundle of clothes and Harry turned to her, gasping.
“Mmm've been better.” Sherlock smiled, attempting to look charming. This would be difficult as he lay here post-over-dose in a hospital bed. “I'll be fine, really.” Sherlock looked at his brother now, as he said this. “Sorry about the list.” He added.
Sherlock twists more pasta onto Rosie’s fork and feeds it to her, “It wasn’t necessarily a secret,” he explains, “I just… never told anyone? It’s not like I didn’t use the skill when I got the chance. It just sort of never came up,” and it’s his turn to smirk as he says, “I did try to teach you to waltz, didn’t I?”
The way she says it startles a laugh out of him. It is simultaneously scandalous, blunt, and innocent. It also instantly reminds him of the line from John’s Blog that had once angered him - ‘Sherlock sees through everyone and everything in seconds. What’s incredible though is how spectacularly ignorant he is about some things.’ He thinks he understands what he meant now. Eurus is a genius, but when it comes to emotions, though she feels them quite strongly, she is as ignorant as himself and Mycroft, possibly more so.
John watches as Sherlock goes over to the barista’s counter and speaks to him calmly, gesturing at the baby in his arms. The man calls over a sweet looking waitress who coos over Rosie immediately. Sherlock smiles at her civilly and at once all of the anger is ebbed out of John. Dammit, he was an idiot. He gets up, leaving his coat on the table and sneaks towards the back of the restaurant, through the door he’d seen Josh exit. He finds the blonde man just outside a door down the hall leading to an alley behind the restaurant. The guy is smoking and fingering a piece of paper in his other hand nervously. When he notices it’s John who’s walked out, he startles.
Dimock's face paled. “Carter! You think it's Carter?! He's the only one in town who talked to her so much.”
even, to be planning their wedding with them. Like I have been for every wedding that I've been a part of, but you – you don't understand that because you're – you're a
“It's true.” Jim's voice sounded over the intercom. John had to stop the little wretch from hacking the intercom and listening in on his conversations. In the meantime he settled for giving Irene an accusing look. Irene just shrugged.
“The Sholto wedding! You wrote a column that literally brought me to tears. It was downright the loveliest thing I have
“Harry!” The blonde boy squeals from beside Sherlock. The detective watches with interest as the young man practically jumps into the arms of a tall salt-and-pepper haired man with pale skin and a meticulously maintained goatee to whine the voice belongs. The man holds his arms open in expectation of Dorian’s embrace. Clearly Dorian’s reaction to him isn't a new one.
Sherlock ignores him, standing and stripping out of his clothes. He pulls the other man to him as the guy drops his trousers, stepping out of them one leg at a time while he follows Sherlock towards the couch. Sherlock lies down, pulling the man over him with his eyes closed as they kiss. They thrust against each other’s bodies languidly. Sherlock’s partner licks at his throat and the detective’s back bows in pleasure. He holds the man’s head against him and whispers into his ear in that low baritone, “I need you to fuck me.”
“Er... bout a week or two?” Harry answered, unsure, “Cuz this season's fashion shows are up so I don't have much work.”
“Alright, alright shut–” John gives Sherlock a warning look – “your… front door,” Sherlock finishes lamely, though he frowns at John, clearly thinking that having to censor himself is stupid.
Sherlock frowned but continued talking, “John the reason I'm here tonight is because I knew this would be hard for you, and for the first time in a really long time I wanted to be there for somebody. I wanted to be here for you John, even if you don't want me...” John gave him a look of disbelief, but his feet remained rooted to the spot as he listened, “I know I screwed things up. I mean really, really messed everything up and
John can’t help it. He giggles and swats Sherlock’s shoulder, “You’re the one that moved, you wanker.”
Tonight, as he dances, he remembers the vision clearly. He’s not dancing with a woman tonight. He’s not dancing for her or for the case. He is dancing for the person he was thinking of when he chose his music for the competition. It’s terribly sentimental of him, and he almost hates the vulnerability he has to put forward, out in the open for thousands of viewers to see plain on his face, but he needs to keep his cover. He dances like he’s never danced before, the adrenaline keeping his energy levels high with each hop, jump and step. They twist and turn, they separate and trot to the beat and come back together into perfect hold. Step this way, and now that way, back and forth, this side to that side. The dance is exhausting and with every little bounce Sherlock lets his body take control, lets his mind relax with the words.
”- and then returns to Irene, who is still kneeling on the floor. He raises an eyebrow and offers her his hand. ‘
Sherlock smiled wider and got back into the cab. He was still smiling on his way to 221b when he noticed a small black notebook on the seat of the car. He picked it up and stared at it for a second. It must belong to John Watson.
John frowned, “I wanted to tell you...” He shook his head and started over, “Just... you were right about me, about all of it. I just didn't want to hear it, especially not from you...” He stopped and scratched at the back of his head as he looked to the ceiling, “and... Ah... uhm...” He coughed, “God this is harder than I thought it would be...”
“Unf… god, Sherlock,” John breathes, “Much as I’m loving this,” he pants, “You’d better get on with it if we want to make it to breakfast on time.”
“I know!” Sally repeats, her voice a mixture of excitement and disbelief, “He’s on again tonight, and look – apparently, he’s been doing this for five weeks now! The one you’re watching now is from last week, he performed a Charleston, and the week before that a quickstep – but it’s the salsa one you’re going to wat to really see.” Sally takes the phone back and taps the screen until the right video comes on, then turns in back for Greg to see.
John raises a brow at her, “Yeah?” He asks, thinking she means the other night when Rosie had danced along with Sherlock’s jive routine on telly, “He a good dancer then?” John questions her as he unlocks his phone to read the message Sherlock has sent him.
“Dance. You're my partner, you look far too conspicuous just sitting there nursing that beer and watching the exit like a hawk, our killer is highly suspicious of you, now come dance.”
Iris lets go of Molly’s hand at Sherlock’s pinch and replies something to him in Russian then she says, in English, “You ruin all my fun.” Just as Molly blurts shyly, “It’s fine.”
“This section pays for about seventy percent of the entire section–” He continued talking, disregarding Sherlock's obvious anger.
Anyway... ahem... enjoy the un-edited half-chapter. There's some adorable... um... it rhymes with "textual mention" ;)
“And not Mary has found Harry, who's actually not so bad, once you get to know her.” He continued. Harry smiled at little Archie hopefully.
John pulls Sherlock to himself and holds him tightly. Sherlock swallows back tears and says nothing. He resolutely stares at John’s chest from his new position of his face, buried in the crook of John’s neck. “It’s really nothing, John. I’m fine,” he repeats.
John ignored him, “–means braving a dessert storm or helping to caulk a fountain for some swans, then...”
“I'm sorry, I'm just, I'm really not having very much... fun tonight.” John finished, looking towards the bar again.
Mary smiled and the table grew silent for a moment. A waiter came over and took away the used plates.
“Oh yes, you must have been very distraught,” John agrees, then, turning to Sherlock, who is now riffling through the drawers picking out fresh clothes for Rosie, he asks, “mind passing me a fresh nappy for her first? She’s due for a change.”
“We are not hydroplaning, I've got everything under control!” John yelled as he attempted to steer the car with only his right hand.
On the screen, Sherlock and Irene share a nervous look but don’t argue with the judge. They wait patiently as the audience quiets down when Craig lifts a hand in order to finally speak. “Now you’re still my favorites, and don’t be angry with me, but I’m afraid that this week, I’m going to have to give you seven–” The audience explodes into jeers again, and John feels himself stiffen indignantly on Sherlock and Irene’s behalf, “A SEVEN,” Craig continues, “and I’m being generous. I expect better from you two at this stage, Iris and Sherlock. You’re brilliant dancers, both of you, but don’t get cocky on me, alright?”
“Oh, well, I told him it feels odd to have him serving me breakfast. After all he’s our neighbor…” Sherlock lies.
” Sherlock spins Irene and brings her to him, holding her close, their faces cheek to cheek, they separate and make a wide a flourish then come back into their hold, their feet moving faster this time as they prance to the beat of the song. Their faces seem the very picture of a couple completely infatuated with one another, “
Josh hangs his head in embarrassment, “It’s not a problem,” then raising his head gestures to the door, “Well, I’d better get back to work.”
Sherlock glances back at John, “Yes, fine, perfectly fine, John. Shall we?” He heads towards the door to lead them out hastily.
I might do a few illustrations for this in the upcoming week (if work doesn't get in the way) I make no promises, but if you do get a lil e-mail about a chapter update or whatever... it won't be more writing, it'll just be pictures, most likely.
“What the fuck?” John said as he turned the page seeing a collage of photos of himself in a variety of his ridiculous groomsman suits strewn across the page.
He feels himself sigh in frustration, running his hands through his hair as he tries to figure out why his mind is suddenly making him think about these things - why his mind is making him think of his best friend in this way. God, will Sherlock see it on his face tonight? And as that thought comes to him, so does another one - had he thought about it before and never realized it? Since when has he felt like this? Sherlock will surely see the panic on his face this evening. He’s about to text the man a message to cancel dinner plans after all when his phone chimes from the guest room. John sits staring in the direction of it for a second. He hesitates until the phone chimes again. Rosie turns to him, “Phone, Daddy,” She informs him wisely.
him. The only animals you care about are the dead ones with sleeves. You're just saying all this because somehow you think you'll impress mary since she's so... beautiful. Or... at least other people think she is.”
The realization that John Watson would never love him the way Sherlock loved him had hit him hard - literally. It took John actually beating some sense into him to realize it, because while yes, John had saved him in the end and though they were still friends (Sherlock couldn’t imagine not being his friend), Sherlock had given up on the notion that John would ever see him as anything more than that. Sherlock feels like he’s a bit old to be looking into having a relationship, however, and his lifestyle certainly isn’t for everyone. He’d thought he’d made it quite clear to Josh that their encounter wouldn’t be repeated but he couldn’t fault the man for looking for hope in Sherlock’s (admittedly somewhat flirtatiously vague) response earlier. He exhales in a huff. He’s thought about it really hard over the years and he’s decided not to waste any more time or effort on his romantic notions. He should really not encourage what’s-his-name to continue texting him. Sherlock doesn’t have time to think about the other man’s emotions. He's still figuring out his own feelings, after all. Sherlock is no expert, but if he's gong to seek out a relationship he should probably wait until he's recovered from John. As he is now, he's not sure he's quite ready to give his heart away again.
The waiter grins, “Yes, of course, at once,” he says seriously, and, looking at Rosie, asks, “And would you like meatballs with that spaghetti, Miss Watson?”
you're upset! You're planning your sister's wedding to the woman you're hopelessly in love with! You've become trapped in an inescapable little love triangle and all the while you are about one more monogram away from blowing your brains out with that service gun you keep!”
Sherlock’s blush deepens and he kisses the top of Rosie’s head as an excuse to hide his rouged cheeks from John - despite the fact that John has probably already noticed. John gives him another peck on the cheek followed by one for Rosie and whispers, “I love you. I love you both so much.”
Sherlock grins at her, “With all the emotional exhaustion coming from my secret being spilled last week on television I may have welcomed it.” He winks.
Another man came into the room then and interrupted them. Holding a phone towards John, he said, “It's for you – it's the groom.”
Sherlock turns back towards the window and exhales a large cloud of smoke. “Yes.” He answers simply.
The loud london streets were a medley of chaos as John ran out into them, waiting for Her impatiently. He tapped his foot on the pavement and looked around desperately. Where was that damned woman?! He spun round again to see if he could spot her from another direction for what felt like the hundredth time, and was startled to find exactly the person he was looking for almost walking straight into his back. There was The Woman dressed in her suit, her hair up in a messy bun. “There you bloody are, Irene I've been waiting ages!”
“I’m appalled at you, Miss Hooper,” Henry replies, mock wounded, “age is everything. Every day I grow older is another stab to my heart.”
And Irene almost grabs the phone and throws it just as Sherlock asks her, “What the hell is he on about? Why’s he so obsessed with Gray?”
So uh, it’s smut but it’s kind of sad at the end there, eh? I’m sorry I can’t resist the angst. I know you’re here, angst, you’ve got some feels of ours and It calls to us~
Mary came out from the back then in the same fancy dress from earlier and held up her hands. “Oh, no, gentlemen, gentlemen, he's not Harry – Harry's ... well she's a girl,” She explained, then turning to John asked, “Hey, John...?”
“Yes, they’re very talented. You’re here for one of them?” She asks, conversationally. She’s not sure why she asks, but there’s something charming about the stranger that makes her want to keep talking to him.
the right to get away with it,” Sherlock returns, as he takes  Rosie into his arms and favours her with their ritual Eskimo kiss, “Won’t you, darling?”
John widens his eyes at Sherlock and shouts over the music, playing dumb and hoping he’s wrong, “I’m sorry teams for what exactly?”
Sherlock was actually stunned then, “You knew I was Sherlock Holmes? How?” How could he possibly have known that then?
The audience has grown boisterous and they boo as they await Craig’s verdict of a score for this week.
“Mm, yes.” John leaned over and kissed Sherlock sweetly on the lips, “Opera house, probably, do you agree?”
Greg scrunches up his nose and shakes his head in denial, “We thought so at first, but I think the feelings the painter had for the kid were unrequited. Dorian claims they were just friends and Dorian also told Sherlock that Hallward used to draw pictures of him all the time. He says the guy was obsessed with capturing his ideal on canvas or something.”
“What? Nothing,” says Sherlock, absorbed in checking his phone, making sure she hasn’t sent the photograph to John or posted it online.
“Have you gotten anything on the case? The one you begged me to take away from Anderson and give to you?”
Sherlock John and Greg turn away from them and Sherlock finally relaxes his face into a weary look. “Oh thank god,” he sighs, slumping onto John. John puts his drink down at the bar and grabs a few napkins, attempting not to blush as he cleans up Sherlock’s shirt. Sherlock takes them, though and flaps a hand at John to make him stop. “Don’t, it’s fine,” he says, finally detaching himself from John’s side.
“Murder on the knees, isn’t it?” John asks him over the song just as Rosie turns to her father for attention.
if he goes on his this John definitely won’t last. He moves his hand to Sherlock’s hair and tugs, gently. “Stop,” he says huskily, “Stop or I won’t be able to stop you, and I don’t want this to end yet.”
Finally John seems to understand. As Sherlock kisses him desperately once more, he gets it. Sherlock doesn’t want to think about it. It’s probably too painful a memory and if John can give this to him to help him forget, even for a little while, then he will. He’ll do everything he can to show Sherlock how much he loves him. He grasps onto Sherlock firmly, pulls him over his body and begins running his hands over Sherlock’s skin again, his hands rubbing lightly at the side of his ribs and then spreading over his back. He sucks on Sherlock’s neck, bites the end of an ear, licks inside his mouth, nips at his lips, clings to him and writhes against the other man as he responds with panting and groaning. He feels his cock begin to swell again and Sherlock’s stiffness is there against his leg.
Sherlock opened up the little bottle and took the pill, raising it up in his hand when suddenly the window behind him crashed and the one in front of him cracked as a gun fired and a bullet flew right past the rear view mirror. Sherlock turned, startled, and the image he saw was one of such instant relief he dropped the pill at once.
John decides not to text Sherlock asking about the show. He has this biting feeling inside of him that Sherlock doesn’t want him to ask. He does still text him on occasion – normal things – stuff he normally texts Sherlock, such as “Hi, how are you?” or “How’s your day going?” along with occasional photos of Rosie doing something cute. Sherlock, as usual doesn’t respond to most of John’s texts, especially the mundane ones that ask about his day. He’ll text back maybe hours or days later with simple responses.
Irene slips herself into Sherlock’s side, watching little Dorian from the corner of her eye as Sherlock automatically brings his arm around her shoulders. The boy stiffens slightly but his change in posture is so subtle that Irene wouldn’t have noticed it if she hadn’t been paying attention. Interesting. “Think they’ll beat us?” She asks Sherlock.
Sherlock says nothing for a while. He opts to sit on the sofa with Rosie, handing her a stuffed pink elephant and buzzing a large stuffed bee in her direction, making her coo in interest instead before he answers: “Hmm. Needed some help.“
Also it gets a little heated after a point and for those of you who don't particularly go in for that sort of thing, I understand so I've made this easier for you with a warning. If you would prefer not to read it, you might want to stop reading after the little asterisks (****) I've placed there for you. I promise you you won't be missing out on anything other than the stuff you don't want to read.
“Now, now, Watson. Are you going to behave, or am I going to have to eat this lovely meal myself?” Sherlock asks Rosie as she makes an effort to plunge the hand he’s still holding into the spaghetti.
“Look Sherrock - is you! You’re dancing!” She points to a large smiley face she’s drawn in black and blue with long arms and legs sticking out of it and some curls on top for hair.
Mrs. Watson looked at her daughter kindly and took her hand, “Harriet, this is between you and John.” She spoke more sternly then, “I'm not a part of this. Now you two will settle down and talk like adults while I go upstairs and sort out a few things, and when I return the two of you had better be on speaking terms.” The old woman let go of Harry's hand and walked quickly up the stairs.
“Amazing,” John whispers against Sherlock’s skin, “you are fantastic, you are extraordinary, beautiful, perfect, wonderful,” he adds between sucking and licking at him.
The sun shone brightly outside that morning. John carried a bag of groceries in a paper back and limped slightly towards the little local house-ware shop. The door opened with a jingle and he greeted loudly “Hullo, mum?”
John takes the phone in one hand to try and read it better and huffs in amusement when he sees the words that are marked on the screen under The Woman's moniker. The message says, simply,
Sherlock locks the door of 221B behind him (lest Mrs. Hudson decides to come up while Sherlock is busy) and again pushes his visitor against the wall for a kiss one more time. The man whines desperately into Sherlock’s mouth, nipping at his lips and sucking on his tongue hungrily. They grasp at each other’s clothes wildly, tearing and pulling until they can get a feel of the other’s skin. Sherlock splays his hands on the other man’s abdomen, feeling the heat of him beneath his shirt and slowly running his hands upward towards his pectorals. His partner, meanwhile, grabs hold of Sherlock’s waist, pressing into him and leaning his head back in pleasure. Sherlock licks at the exposed neck and pulls back, grabbing the man’s shirt and pulling it up over his head. The blue eyes of his partner are dilated and his breaths come out in short gasps. Sherlock can see his nipples tightening as his gorgeous chest is exposed to the fresh air. He smirks and sinks to his knees quickly, making quick work of unfastening the other man’s trousers. He hears the guy choke out another breath and Sherlock gives him a smug look as he takes out the man’s already swollen cock and immediately wraps his lips around it, allowing it to sink deep into his mouth. The other man cries out, “Oh my fucking god!” And Sherlock groans around him, allowing the other to fuck his throat freely. When the other starts to look like he’s about to loose all control (more than he already has) Sherlock pulls away.
“Well, not really,” the old woman began, “I don't usually go that far into town because of my ailing hip and back. My son, he brings me my shopping and all that. Sometimes Mrs. Carter does as well, with her older brother, whenever he's in town. She's a nice girl, that Mrs. Carter... and I think Mr. Carter is right. She wouldn't do a thing like that. I've never seen her hurt so much as a fly. My son did tell me, though that he'd heard a rumour at the pub that the real reason Miss Wilson was here was because she'd had a domestic with her boyfriend. We suspect she was really just looking for a place to stay while she forgot about him, but I can't really say for sure.”
“Mainly because you’re the youngest and prettiest,” Algy comments from his post on the couch. He gets up and walks over, grinning with an arm around Gwen on one side and the other around Cecily.
,’ Molly thinks because only a complete psychopath would be so elated at the thought of his friend’s misery. “Why do you sound so pleased?” Molly asks him.
“John! I told Mycroft not to run it. I promise you I had no idea that he'd back out of his word!” Sherlock felt his throat restrict painfully, “John, please. John... I- Nobody reads that section anyway, right? It'll be fine! John please, speak to me!”
John has his hand on the door now, about to leave before the words sink in. Help? Sherlock never asks for help. What could he possibly...? “Help?” He asks.
Harry stopped struggling then and narrowed her eyes at John. He let go and she rubbed at her wrists, as she spat, “Oh please John, get off your high horse, and just admit it, you resent me because you were the one who always had to dress my injuries, and take me out on halloween and practice with me for my sports games and helped pay for my dress for the school formal.”
Sherlock had nodded and extended his hand for Irene’s over the table. Irene had hesitated and then slipped her hand in his.
First: this is similar to the dress I pictured, except with the dainty frilled bust and straps. Also the ribbon is not silk. Also there are the little flowers with the slim ribbons. www - pinterest - com/ pin /413557178258098420/
“Oh, dear god, let me think...” Sherlock rolled his eyes, “The bride wore a gown that sparkled like the groom's eyes as he saw her approaching through a shower of rose petals... or something equally as preposterous.”
“Shut up, John.” Sherlock replies to the voice. Oh, John Watson. What had he done to him? Sherlock had spent last night and most of this morning in the comforting arms of another man and yet he’d laid there thinking, even in his dreams that nice as it was, it would never be what he really wanted. He walks over to his desk, dejected, and scribbles a note that he stabs onto the bathroom door angrily before locking himself in his bedroom to sleep. Ugh. Sentiment.
keep up inspector, why would a serial killer who's thus far only been working in London now suddenly come all the way out here just to murder Jenny of all people?”
When Sherlock returns to the living room John is already putting Rosie down on the carpet with a few toys and placing her bag on the coffee table. “Watson,” Sherlock greets them, “smaller Watson.”
“I...” Sherlock stuttered, he had no idea why, but suddenly having his article on John run was the last thing he wanted, “I just... It's not up to par. I'm not convinced it's ready yet. I'd ... I'd prefer to get it right. Perhaps you can hold it for a week?”
“Actually, Dimock, I... I think I'm too close to the case. I knew the girl while she was here. Not well, mind you but... it's... it's too sad to see her like that. I don't think I'd be impartial, and now... with Deb implicated.”
“No. It’s not finished, silly Sherrock,” Rosie admonishes Sherlock, though she is grinning when she looks at him.
John blinks at him. Does Sherlock really want them to stay? He definitely looks genuinely distraught. “Um... not if you don’t want us to...?”
Sherlock scowls at the phone as if it has greatly offended him. “I’ve told you before, John. I don’t reply,” he whispers, slowly bringing his eyes back to the other man.
They were talking even as they walked into the grass and John knew then that it was Sherlock. Though he couldn't hear the words that deep rumble was unmistakeable. When John saw the beam of light move out in front of the two men and something shiny appeared in the distance John found that this place was a bit familiar... in fact it was very, very familiar. John very smoothly got off the bike. He took the radio from the back, the one Dimock had given them and prayed to God in Heaven that the darned thing worked.
different tailors where he helped me cling to my sanity as my wife made me try on suit after suit...”
Molly frowns at Sherlock’s question and says, a little more confidently, “No, so don’t even think about it, Sherlock Holmes.”
Mary looked worried and checked her watch, but she addressed Sherlock, “Look... That... sounds good to me, but... only if John doesn't mind. You don't mind do you John? It's just... I have to pick up Harry and I've still got to get dressed... it'd just ... it'd be easier. And Sherlock works the wedding circuit so I'm sure he'd be better at picking the linens with you..”
John spluttered, “Really? Oh wow, well that's awkward. No, no closet. I just... I don't talk about it. It's my business, no one else's.”
The judges have now taken a seat and are ready to share their scores. The dark-haired female judge speaks up first (John still doesn’t know her name), “That was certainly very energetic,” she comments, “And what a surprise version of that song – “
, that's when John fell in love with weddings. Having helped someone on the most important day of his life, John couldn't wait for his own special day...
“You’ll regret saying that when she’s fourteen and she starts pulling the wool over your eyes.” John replies, picking her up and handing her to Sherlock, “You’ll be powerless to stop her.”
John nodded but then staggered backwards. William smirked, holding him up “Why don't we call you a cab?” And with that William led John out of the party. He walked John to the cab he'd seen him previously using and got in with him. John meant to complain but he felt it would be awfully rude to kick William out of the car, especially since he was going through so much trouble to see John home safely.
Jack throws his head back in laughter, “So that’s why Dorian is so confident. Leave it to the little fucker to cheat.”
“Brilliant.” John beamed, turning triumphantly to the girls who were both looking at him rather impressed.
“You’re absolutely correct, Miss Hooper,” Henry says, taking a sip of the wine he’s been drinking, “because I don’t
The week after that: Dinner with mother, Harriet and Mary Morstan. (John had stuffed his face with food the whole night so he wouldn't have to make conversation.)
that killed Jennifer Wilson when I've never seen Carter's wife?” Sherlock smirked, “I'll tell you the truth, I didn't. I was suspecting Carter for a long while, though he would have been drunk and in the opposite side of town when she died according to his inebriation level when John and I arrived in town. It was the ring your sister wore in the photograph that let me know she was his wife. Her wedding band, memorable only because of its simplicity was what made her stick to my mind. Carter has an identical one. The minute I saw his ring I knew who he was married to.When I went up to Jennifer's rooms I found all her things were gone. Still I thought it might be him and hoped John would find more evidence. When I came downstairs to do the interviews with John I was disappointed, because I had no more clues, till I saw you at the bar. You had arrived after my announcement of the interviews. It was one of Dimock's statements that helped me make the link most. You see, he told me that Jennifer had ordered a cab, but that it had never arrived. He was wrong of course, you
“Alright?” Lestrade asks quietly, leaning into Sherlock’s space and allowing one of his arms to come down and rest on Sherlock’s shoulder in greeting.
“Hmm. Interesting.” Sherlock said, “Thank you Mrs. Laurinston you've been a great help.” He stated, giving her a charming smile and finally standing. John got up too.
John looked up from the mail to stare at Sherlock, “Yes, well the rehearsal dinner's not for another month and a half, so calm down.”
The lyrics are about the singer asking to be kissed. Technically the song's title translates to "Kiss me a lot."
Sherlock chuckled, “You should be flattered, she didn't want you standing there looking gorgeous while she married another man.”
to do. You like to help people while they put their lives together... I... enjoy solving the puzzles they leave when there's no way you can ask them for a clue. Sometimes, if I'm lucky there's also a sort of justice for them once I've solved it. Admittedly what I always cared for more, was always the game, but... the results, if I'm successful, I find I... well. It's good if things end well.”
The audience seems slightly placated and the screen turns to Sherlock and Irene as Sherlock pants “Thank you, Shirley,” into the microphone Tess holds beside him.
Henry’s smile falters but the grin returns in the blink of an eye when he turns to her, “I’m pleased, Molly because while your friend Sherlock Holmes is a beautiful and unusual specimen, I do not believe he would be a good match for Dorian. Nor Dorian for him. Sherlock Holmes is a rare treasure. He is extraordinary — a creature of exceptional beauty, even at his age, but also a man completely and wholeheartedly devoted to justice and reason. Dorian is different. Dorian is a romantic. He is intelligent, in his own way, but he is also superstitious and extremely… flighty, one could say. He’s not a bad person, not at all, but he’s… well, he lives his life to the fullest, I suppose,” Henry explains with a thoughtful expression, then continues:
John!”), flippers (“Underwater,” John explained.), and last his three most recent, the Murray 'classic black', the Stamford Achkan and the Moriarty-Moran Punk-Rock Circus of death suit.
Sherlock chuckled. They were quiet again for a moment, comfortably this time. Finally Sherlock let go of John and said, “So... Breakfast?”
“Oh!” Molly gasps, hardly being able to believe that the celebrity dancer is in the room with her. “Er, hi, yes, I’m - My name’s Molly,” she stutters.
Sherlock grins cheekily and shrugs, choosing to feed Rosie instead of continuing the conversation. John shakes his head and his eyes shift to Rosie’s drawing.
Sherlock’s rumbling laugh jostles him a bit as the detective responds, “in your defence, we’ve both been rather stupid. I can’t believe I didn’t realize-“
, I would sincerely hope you used protection. And yes, I’m aware you didn’t just now, you caught me off guard, but that doesn’t mean I won’t be asking for them tonight.”
“You're the worst.” John stated and walked away from her making his way towards Mary and his Sister. They seemed deeply engrossed in conversation when John approached them. “It's late. You must be exhausted, let's... you want to, er...” John gestured at Harry that they should leave.
The boy doesn’t seem to mind though. He nods and John has to give him points for seeming unaffected and even apologetic as he says, “Yes — goodness I didn’t introduce myself did I? How rude of me. Dear grandpapa would be ashamed. I’m Dorian Gray — I’m one of Sherlock’s competitors on
John frowned and his previous joyful expression fell instantly, “You don't get it. Of course you don't, why would you?”
Warning: this chapter literally starts with smut. There will be smut a couple of the following chapters as well (not as many as I'd though originally but still). I hope this is obvious from the rating and the tags, but in case it wasn’t, ya been warned ma frands, ya been warned.
Molly squeaked again, “Oh! Right! I should go!” She smiled and gaining confidence, she curtsied before she left. “It's been a pleasure,” She giggled as she ran to join Harriet at the door.
“Oh, that's easy.” John smiled, “You know when the music starts and the Bride makes her big entrance and everyone turns to look at her?”
The video ends and the stage is set. At the back of the stage there’s a sort of set placed in as a backdrop obscuring the band. John gasps as he immediately recognizes the space that the set is emulating. It looks like the living room of 221b – the black and white damask wallpaper, the smiley face, the skull poster, a coffee table and a couch, complete with a brooding lying detective, lying on it in one of his posh suits, his hands steepled under his chin.
Inside the flat John was finishing washing up his dishes when he heard it. He quickly put the dish down to go check who was there.
Those of you who've seen the film know that something involving singing a song while drunk happens but I thought murder would be better for John and Sherlock's bonding experience. Also I've been promising murder from the beginning and we've only had like three background mentions so... it's about fucking time.
Irene cackles at Sherlock’s expression. “I’m kidding, geez. I’m not an idiot,” she says, willingly relinquishing the advice in favour of strolling into Sherlock’s room and sitting on the bed, calling, “Now, what are you going to wear?”
Sherlock ruffles the boy's hair beside him saying, “Alright, my apologies, Dorian,” but he takes the opportunity of the young man not being able to see Sherlock’s face due to Sherlock’s false affectionate touch to mouth at John and Greg, looking comically disturbed, “
John huffed out a breath in embarrassment. “It's just... this one writer, Sherlock Holmes. I only keep his. He writes the best ones.” John put them back where he had them and went over to the kitchen to make tea. “Just... I ...enjoy... the stories, alright? The crazy proposals, the engagements...” John looked towards Harry as he put the kettle on, but she was already distracted, taking some hand cream out of her purse and rubbing it on her skin. “...Yeah never mind.” He said, quietly then asked, “So um, How long are you saying?”
A couple of minutes later they were downing their fourth shot of tequila and laughing, their argument in the car long forgotten.
That expression sends John over the edge. It isn't long before his thrusts grow out of control and he's pushing into Sherlock infinitely harder than he'd thought he could - once, twice, three times until he feels nothing but a blinding white heat envelop him. His mind goes completely blank as the semen is milked out if his cock. John comes with a grunt and thrusts into Sherlock in his aftershock two more times before he finally collapses over the other man.
Molly hesitates, unsure if she should reveal John’s identity. Then again, the man is clever, and he’ll likely find out on his own. “He’s not that much older than me,” Molly says.
Their friend Lestrade chose that moment to peek around the corner and added “She's right you know. With that silver tongue of yours I bet you could rope anyone into bed with you. And you have covered some of the soppiest gay weddings I've ever seen, so I mean at least you know they lean the same way you do. Do you have any idea what you could be doing?” He waggled his eyebrows suggestively.
Irene rolls her eyes and mumbles something about 'after all I do for you.' Sherlock ignores her in favor of Rosie.
“Alright Redbeard, enough slobbering on my doctors.” Mary stuck her head in the office and smiled at both Irene and John.
“Mmmhmm,” Harry answered, the cheery smile still on her face as another seamstress walked into the room carrying a bundle of what looked like scraps of fabric, “Yeah, like the bust, and this ribbon, and the little flowers. Oh! There's some lace from the frills on the bust as well.”
Mycroft hesitated, “Sherlock, I need you covering weddings. You are embarrassingly good at it, and despite that,
Irene pulled his arm and turned him to face her, then she she gave him a good slap in the face for good measure.
The clip shows Sherlock in a dark suit with a long black bedazzled coat and a shiny purple shirt beneath the black suit jacket between the shirt and the coat. He is smiling insincerely and running down some stairs from among a few other people (John correctly assumes they are other contestants) to stand by the blonde hostess. The audience claps and cheers, many holding up ‘I -heart- Sherlock’ signs and wearing deerstalker hats. John wonders how they even knew about this when he didn’t know a thing and is again a little hurt about being excluded. Still he watches curiously, recognizing this as likely being the video Molly had shown him a clip of earlier.
At those words, John’s stomach drops. Sherlock… loves Molly? But – he - ? And what about that man from this morning? What about him? And why didn’t Sherlock ever say? He knows Molly -
Right now, though, it’s Molly’s turn to raise an eyebrow at him, crossing her arms over her chest in an obvious show of disapproval. She sighs, pinching the bridge of her nose, her nerves still bothering her inside but the shakiness of her voice under much more control. She’d almost forgotten what Sherlock was really like after watching him act completely differently on television. Finally, she asks, “Is there a reason you’re here at this hour Sherlock?”
Dorian laughs, apparently delighted at his friend’s pain, “Well it wouldn’t have happened if you didn’t lie to her about Bunbury,” he says.
John shakes his head, no longer paying attention to the show in favor of this random argument that is apparently happening now, “What? No! I just – Rosie’s sitting too close to the telly, I was distracted -!” He defends,
“Mmf.” John agreed, and they stumbled, still glued to each other towards the bed. John felt the back of his knees hit the side of the bed as Sherlock pushed him back, and he fell onto it. Sherlock lost no time and climbed over him, yanking off his jumper and kissing him as he undid the buttons on the shirt John had worn underneath. Once his chest was exposed, Sherlock made quick work of kissing a tantalizing trail, starting from the jaw to John's neck and working his way down slowly, all teeth and tongue and hands.
John emerged from the room in a few minutes wearing the it, “See? It's not so bad, and the belt is really very flattering -” Sherlock's mobile made a snapping sound and a light flashed as he took a photo.
“It's not... bad... just,” John searched for the words, “It's not what it's supposed to feel like. You?”
“Fine! Fine! Because it's you, but if she crosses me, I'm going to beat her, then I'm going to beat you, and
As she watches the television show, Molly continues to be awed by him. This week’s images of 221B are quickly replaced with Sherlock in the dance studio practicing his routine with Iris.
Taking the toys and the baby with her, Mrs. Hudson turns and gives him a wicked smile. While she exits 221B and makes her way down the stairs she comments, “And perhaps you’d like to have a shower as well?”
His friend nods in approval at the news, “The more the merrier,” he answers before he’s roped into a conversation Irene is having with Henry, who has now seated himself on Molly’s other side and is enthusiastically discussing the production of his newest project.
Luckily, the rest of the people around them, which had been holding the circle firm and clear for those ‘in battle’ had now begun to come together, effectively ending all dance-fights for the moment. As the song begins to change beat and the next song starts to fade in with its own beat, John grabs Sherlock around the waist and holds him to his side, giggling. Sherlock can’t hear him, but he smiles at the sensation of John’s nervous little laugh vibrating against him. Sherlock puts an arm around John’s shoulder and nudges him.
John gives Sherlock one of his signature lop-sided smiles and rolls his eyes at him. Sherlock is such a fucking dork. He nods in agreement and allows Sherlock to pull him into the throng of dancing people with him.
The room clapped and Mary turned to Harriet, whispering, “So, it's safe to say you're not a vegetarian then?”
“Molly, you’re too good for this world,” Irene says back while Sherlock responds, “No, Irene is right. He’s the devil.”
. Don't confuse them, John.” Sherlock argued, turning around and searching for another ugly useless trinket to put on Harry's list.
“Great!” Harry said turning and walking forward again, “Now can we talk about more important things?”
“I’m fine, John, just tired.” He’d answered in a huff and hadn’t said a word to him the whole way back.
Her gaze had shifted away from his uncomfortably for what seemed like the thousandth time that night. Finally, she had answered saying, “We’re looking for a person called Hallward. That’s all I know. That’s all he would tell me.”
, and that was... it was wrong. How John felt had really nothing to do with it... Because this was about Harry and Harry
Sherlock smiled then, looking at the carpet, then raised his eyes back to John's, the smile now a full-blown grin, “Let's do it.”
Rosie gives him a dramatic look of betrayal but turns to Sherlock with resignation and says, “Ahhh,” with the haughtiest expression her two-year-old self can manage.
“MOLLY!” He gasps with a large nervous grin, shoving the person that’s with him behind his back. “Doing an autopsy at this hour?”
A few minutes later John was walking into an empty Italian restaurant holding Mary's purse when music began to play, and the musicians started to walk out from behind a curtain. Two waiters unravelled a cloth sign with the words “Will you Marry me, Harry?” On them.
Unfortunately for John’s brain, Sherlock’s voice follows him down as well. “JOHN, STOP! JOHN, WAIT!” Sherlock shouts, having clambered after him and wrapped himself up in his discarded dressing gown in his pursuit of his friend out into the hall.
“Whoa, hold on there, take it easy” The man turned his gaze back to the bridesmaids “Okay this is a serious injury I need you two to leave now before you cause this man to faint again with all your frantic buzzing. He needs air!” The man glowered when the bridesmaids just stood there worried looks on their faces, “Now!” He shouted impatiently.
Molly almost protests, but then Iris takes her hand again and says, “My apologies. He’s right. Please, stay.”
John visibly fumed and his cheeks flared pink, “They're both really good mates of mine and they had their wedding on the same night, what was I supposed to do?”
“John, it'll only take a minute, I promise you..." Sherlock whined through the door, "Please?” Sherlock waited. Nothing happened, so he added, “For Mary and Harriet?”
His mother was behind the register sorting out some small knick-knacks. “Oh hullo, love, how are you today?” She responded and left the things in order to come round to give John a hug. Behind him the bell of the shop rang again and in walked Harry. Their mother's eyes lit up in surprise. “Oh! Harriet!” She let go of John and rushed to hug her. John smiled at them both. “Surprise!” He laughed.
John blinks. He was sure Sherlock has caught him checking guys out before. He must have done, mustn't he? Nothing gets past him does it? And John had never really been good at hiding his adoring looks at Sherlock, hard as he might try. Apparently he was better at hiding it than he thought. Finally he asks, “What evidence?
Two hours after that John was talking to himself while scrubbing down the stove. “What's that Harry? She turned out to be straight? Well, I could have told you that, love, with the way she looks at me. I know, I'm sorry, it's just I spend every hour of every day with her so of course I know these things and I just think that you shouldn't–” Just then the front door opened and John bumped his head on the cupboard above the stove. “Fuck.” He whispered.
John hands Sherlock the keys to his car after Sherlock locks up. It had been Mary’s and John had almost stopped using it, but sometimes, with a baby, it was just easier to keep it. Sherlock looks at him questioningly for a second until he remembers Rosie. Right.
Sherlock has turned his face back towards Rosie as he allows her to cover him in slobbery toddler kisses, but his brow wrinkles in slight confusion at John’s words, “Client?” He asks quietly, still looking at Rosie.
Irene frowns a bit at Rosie’s address and looks disturbed for a second, but she nods politely and closes the door behind her as she goes.
John takes Sherlock’s free hand until Sherlock turns to him. His eyes are still lit with fury. John takes hold of Sherlock’s other hand and brings it to himself, kissing Sherlock’s palm where it meets the wrist. “I’m an idiot,” John confesses, “I’m sorry.”
Irene watches him with a raised brow. The boy has been trying to wrangle her and Sherlock into coming out with them or practicing together and generally anything else he can think of since they met. The kid has been making every excuse to talk to them, really, but it appears that this week he’s tired of taking no for an answer.
ps. My favourite part was the one about the robot eyes. XD I nearly died writing that. That whole fight was hilarity.
“She always knows how to keep me entertained. She even promised to help me start my own cleaning business.” Archie smiled and gave Harry a thumbs up, but then saw an odd expression of shock on her face, and realized what he'd said. “Oh... right... I wasn't supposed to tell you, Mary,” The look Mary gave Harry was not pleasant, as the little boy continued, “but I'm actually quite excited,” (Harry gave a weak worried open-mouthed smile in response to Mary's look of disappointment), “I'm only doing Harry and Mary's place right now, but if anyone's in the market for a really good cleaning service, you can speak to me in the lobby.” Archie finished, smiling pleasantly, “Thank you”
“Tell him yourself, ceremony starts in one minute.” Greg said as he shut the door and went to join Irene at their end of the chancel.
John snorts,“You do remember that you and large amounts of alcohol are not a good combination don’t you?”
And the way Sherlock says that… god, John’s heart simultaneously breaks and melts somehow. He’d had no idea that Sherlock actually missed Rosie. Sure, he seemed to like her enough, and yes he was kind and encouraging, but John had thought… well, he’d worried that Sherlock might find her a slight bit of a nuisance. The man lived an odd and exciting solitary life. It felt strange for John to think that Sherlock might actually
High heeled footsteps announced the arrival of Harry before she spoke “Hi, Mary, so sorry I'm late I-”
that needs to be wooed. I told you, Sherlock, this is what I do. I know what people like. He’s a soldier, I think the wooing could be a little less gentle, but since it’s
was helpful! Clearly something must be wrong with my robot eyes because I didn't manage to see that as we fucking flew past it!” Sherlock's anger was boiled out of him and he seethed, “In all seriousness, John, do you think you could slow down
Molly groans, “I hope not. I don’t want Sherlock to be embarrassed. It’s why I haven’t told anyone so far. I mean, he’s doing quite well and he genuinely looks like he’s enjoying it... I dunno? I guess I want to be supportive?”
“No, but you need to leave.” Sherlock says firmly, reaching down and grabbing the man’s trousers. He tosses them lightly at the man’s head.
Sherlock surprises John again by tightening his arm around her. “She’s fine.” He says simply, and cuts a small piece of egg to feed her. Rosie chews it greedily.
As the song’s first chorus ends and second verse begins Dorian decides to go up next. He steps provocatively into Algernon’s space as the singer’s voice expresses,
The upstairs VIP area is luxurious to say the least. The place is decorated in dark modern looking tables and chairs which are juxtaposed with decadent victorian divans and settees spread around it like a huge lounge. There are large beautifully painted portraits and landscapes decorating the walls, though they are difficult to see in the dim lighting. Over to one side there is a balcony which overlooks the dance party that is raging on downstairs. Despite the open space, it’s a lot quieter up here and much easier to hear people talk, though the music can still be heard quite loudly from here. There are also a few card tables, similar to those found in casinos. Sherlock is pretty sure that the large crowd of people laughing and yelling over in a space furthest from the balcony are surrounding a roulette table.
Mary smiled as the chef arrived with the plates, “We've planned your wedding dinner to your exact specifications,” He said as he laid the first course in front of them, “Please, enjoy.”
Dorian gives a sly knowing grin, “Oh, I’m sure,” then turning to Sherlock he says, “You’re just in time. It’s Algy and Jack against Gladys and me – do you want to join our team?”
John sighs, releasing some of the tension that has taken over his body, “Look, as the man who loves you and the man who put you through so much pain when I should have been there for you - what you’ve done and who you’ve done it with doesn’t bother me so long as none of it has put you at any kind of risk or harm... alright?” He says, looking back at Sherlock, “but I am your doctor after all, so as your
The look of frustration on John’s face is still there, but his voice is sweet when he says, “Nothing ever is with you, is it?”
“Strange as this may sound to you, Sherlock, I've had a lot of good times in those outfits, odd as that may sound to you.”
Two photos of very cheerful female babies followed his words. One subtitled with Harry's name and the next with Mary's. The room giggled and “awww”'ed again.
There isn’t an answer. John sniffs. He toes off his shoes and walks past their bedroom, peeking inside on his way to Rosie's room to finally let the child sleep in her crib. He smiles when he sees the sleeping form of his adoring partner fast asleep in their own bed. They had attempted to go on their usual date night this evening, but she’d had a shift at the hospital and was exhausted. In the end they’d agreed to finish the date early for her come home while John picked up Rosie from Molly’s.
Sherlock smiles ruefully at him and Irene can tell he’s doing his best to interact, as he always does with the other dancers even though he privately thinks they’re all vapid narcissists. “Yes, well, can’t win them all,” he says.
“Yeah...” Mary answered, “Usually... whatever I need he takes care of. That is... and as if I didn't take enough advantage of him already... I sent my dry-cleaning slip to him this morning.”
Sherlock smiles up at him, taking a menu and passing it to John then taking his own, “I think you’ve paid me back in full, old friend,” he replies.
“Well, Harry did, and when I cover a wedding, John, I've got to see every aspect.” Sherlock explained as John picked up a very nice looking frame and registered that as a gift. As he moved on to the next object Sherlock commented, “You realize that your sister wants so many presents from so many stores that she physically cannot register for them all herself?”
He went home then. Walking. He was afraid if he took a cab the rush of emotions would get to him. The fresh night air made him feel much better. It was around two in the morning when he arrived at his flat. He felt calm, as if a million weights had been lifted from his shoulders as he set his keys and suit jacket by the front table.
John stopped, “...alright, well I'm going to cook it but Harry will be there... with Mary.” John added more quietly as he scanned another vase, “and this isn't just another vase-”
Sherlock takes this moment to re-arrange himself comfortably on the bed. He starts to touch himself and slowly brings a hand down to tease a finger over his entrance while he hears John route around in the living room. Sherlock throws his head back allowing himself to enjoy this moment. When John comes back Sherlock is going to ask him to fuck him. He can imagine the reaction now. He groans at the thought of it and finally inserts his finger, pressing into his entrance in a light tease. As he hears John returning Sherlock presses it in deeper then pulls in out slowly and sinks it back in, establishing a rhythm.
. He looked so happy, while doing it too, and that was what made this so strange. John couldn’t have imagined Sherlock ever being happy on the set of a popular national television show while dressed in glitter and sequins but there he was, smiling while he danced with a gorgeous woman on live tv. He’s not entirely surprised when the results are shown and Sherlock and his dance partner receive the highest score out of anyone in history of the show (according to the hostess speaking) on a first round. John has no words for it - he just knows that if there are more clips he simply
A few days later is when she steals Sherlock’s phone -  just to spite him, because yes, Sherlock is a darling, but he doesn’t really think Irene is just going to let the fact that
It seems almost an eternity before Sherlock finally, (finally!) feels the bed against the back of his knees and John allows him to drop back onto it unceremoniously. He climbs up over Sherlock and kisses him again and again, their panting and groaning filling the room with the heat of years worth of unfulfilled sexual tension. Their bodies writhe against each other of their own accord, their hands sliding underneath fabric in light teasing touches. “Clothes, John,” Sherlock repeats, attempting to pull John’s shirt and jumper off of him while still attached to the man’s lips. John pulls back and silently tears the offending items off of himself and stoops back down to latch onto Sherlock’s neck, racking his hands up Sherlock’s torso underneath his top and tweaking a nipple with his fingers. Sherlock keens with the pleasure of it. John is... he’s so...
Sherlock’s sad grin is still on his face when he moves to feed Rosie once more and asks, “Aren’t I?”
Sherlock hadn't even attempted to smile in return, turning his attention instead to the papers before him.
It’s with these thoughts that John goes into the second picture, and that one ends up shocking him more than the first. In this photograph, they are still at the club surrounded by people, but Sherlock’s shirt has been unbuttoned more than halfway down. He’s laughing and holding Irene to his right side while she clings to him. An incredibly beautiful young man - probably no older than twenty – is pressed against his other side, one hand slipped into the opening of the shirt and resting on Sherlock’s abdomen. The boy is also laughing, and he’s looking up at Sherlock like he’s his next meal. Irene is smirking but there’s a fierce glint in her eye that tells John she is not okay with the boy’s touching. John frowns at the young man’s expression and finds that he agrees with Irene’s disapproval. He accidentally taps on the photo with his thumb as he scrutinizes the photo and a little black box with text appears over the boy’s face, and Irene’s tagging the photograph. Irene’s reads “TheIrisZ” and the boy’s reads “Dorian.Gray.Official”. John decides to forgo visiting Irene’s page and instead taps on the young man’s name. He’s directed to the boy’s social media page instantly.
John looked down at the floor as Harry hugged him tight and for the first time in a while he willingly thought of him, of Sherlock.
“That is absolutely ridiculous!” John yelled, angrily pressing harder on the gas pedal. He just wanted this ride to be over. Why couldn't Sherlock just leave well enough alone?
Anyways... Please enjoy the chapter. As always, thanks for reading, thanks for the support and kudos, but most of all thanks for the comments. They fill my heart with joy. <3 Love you guys/gals/nonbinary pals
Sherlock snuffles, and tightens his grip on John. John strokes his fingers through his hair until sleep finally claims him as well. After a few minutes both men are snoring soundly in a blissful and dreamless sleep.
. She's not one of your trashy wanna-be model girlfriends, Harry, she's a good person, and you cannot start a relationship based on lies!”
“Hmm.” John says as they both fix their eyes on the events happening on the screen. After a minute John inquires of Sherlock, “And what about you?”
John knocked on the door of Mary's flat confidently. He was dressed in a neat tan coloured suit jacket, a cream coloured button-up top, a light almost olive green-grey neck tie and a darker greenish-tan pair of slacks. Mary looked at him appreciatively as she opened the door to allow him in. She was dressed in a long lilac dress with a black beaded pattern of leaves embroidered on it, “Sorry that took so long,” She said and added, “You look very handsome,” gesturing for John to come in.
“I've been to three.” John stated, grinning as he remembered the Ricoletti wedding, everyone clamouring around in their costumes trying to get sorted in front of the camera while dressed as characters from the animated movie, 'Howl's moving Castle'.
them, right?” Sherlock asked, his voice clearly conveying how astounded he was at the concept of keeping this many horribly cheesy tuxedos. “You have a whole closet's worth, John, why?”
“Yes, the last time we spoke they were quite nervous,” Molly lies, because although Molly has learned that Sherlock does actually get quite anxious about his routines, she knows that Sherlock and Irene are mostly just frustrated at their lack of leads. She actually almost jumps with relief as she feels a buzz in her purse from her phone. Must be either Sherlock or Irene. She covers up her jerky movement by tucking a strand of hair behind her ear and continues, “And your wife - does she get nervous?”
Sherlock smiled at him then suddenly climbed up on the bar and stood, swaying in a manner that made him seem convincingly pissed.
Sherlock arches his back, stretching his neck in an open display of lust and pants, “Well, are you going to come over here and help me with this or are you just going to stand there and watch?” He lowers his body and looks at John, pupils blown wide and beckons John to him.
“Well, it's rather late, we're not getting a tow and we're in a village in the middle of the English country,
Rosie pouts as John carries her to the bathroom to get her ready to sleep but she makes none of her usual childish protests. It suddenly occurs to John that Rosie might miss Sherlock as much as he does. He holds her close to him in hopes that it will make her feel better while he walks.
John huffs in return, his own breath puffing against Sherlock’s neck before he speaks. His hand is still on Sherlock’s shoulder when he does this and he feels Sherlock give a slight shiver. “This was your idea, you numpty,” John teases.
Dimock smiled, “Oh, of course, it's the least we could do. I'm sure Heddy from the inn can set you up with a room. I'll give her call for you, let her know you're on your way. I'm sure one of the boys won't mind driving you in the other squad car.”
He was here to see Sherlock. He wasn't here searching for anyone other than him. “Yes, of course,” Mycroft said his thoughts aloud, “It's obvious, now that I look. I let the rage get the better of me. You're here to tell him you love him, aren't you?”
Sherlock raised his hands indifferently, “Alright, alright.” He exited the cab. This place looked familiar... was this where...?
“Dear God, how do you stand it? The noise? The people? Isn't one wedding bad enough?” Sherlock asked, deliberately poking fun at John.
Sherlock didn't hear the second half of that sentence since John had already hung up, but if he had he probably would have still had that manic look of joy plastered on his face.
“Well, Dr. Watson, it's quite charming, it really is. It's the perfect suit.” Harry observed, a hint of pride in his voice.
Sherlock doesn’t see Eurus before his song is finished. A case comes up the next day and he sends Mycroft along with a gift for her. He sends her some of her favourite biscuits and a letter saying he’s sorry he can’t come. As an extra treat he’s written her a few notes from his song so far. Mycroft texts to say she had been pleased.
for the Charleston – Never forget you by: Zana Larsson, but the Cover done by Postmodern Jukebox in a 1920's Gatsby style ft. Addie Hamilton on vocals.
“Is he on a case?” He’d asked casually (not casually enough) as he had speared a piece of crispy lettuce on a fork and brought it to his lips.
Sherlock is trying to concentrate hard on the film, but he can feel John watching him intently. His gaze is so piercing it makes Sherlock’s skin burn with want. The hairs on the back of his neck prickle and the air begins to feel sticky with words unsaid... but it’s different from the last time they had been together like this. The last time they’d sat by the telly and Sherlock had felt like this, they had both been somewhat drunk. Now... they were both sober and the desire was overwhelming him. He wasn’t sure how much he could control himself this time.
The man sagged again and Sherlock scrambled out of the car, cuffs in hand and secured the prisoner just as police sirens were heard up the road. They soon heard a car screech to a stop.
“I honestly have no clue–” John mutters, irritated and barely glances in her direction before returning his attention to the screen and pointedly turning up the volume as the judges begin to talk. Distractedly he picks up a shrieking Rosie who is screaming “SHERROCK!! SHEWAAAAAH! COME BACK!!” before she can block the view. She is wriggling in his grasp and making grabby hands at the screen where Sherlock’s grinning face is still panting slightly.
“You know what, never mind...” Sherlock said, his full attention on what turned out to be John Watson's Diary. He skimmed through just the past week and found all manner of appointments and schedules laid out for each day in chicken scratch so small and so horrid that Sherlock smiled to himself, knowing, that even if John hadn't mentioned being a doctor in his speech Sherlock would have been able to guess from his writing alone. He continued flipping through, looking farther and farther back in the pages seeing appointment after appointment and wedding after wedding penned in to various weekends. And an idea started to form in his head...
– but finally, when he’d felt one of Sherlock’s legs come a little too close to him when his hips had almost ground into John’s own to feel the evidence of John’s need for him, John had stopped him. His hands had at once found courage and he’d gripped Sherlock’s hips, holding him at a distance. He couldn’t know – he mustn’t.
When they finished their meal and sat listening to the roar of conversation around them in the hall Irene turned to John, gesturing at the pretty bridesmaids, “Okay, which do you want, the brunette or the blonde? I kind of want the blonde, I'm not going to lie-”
“Yes, I attended her wedding in London. Mutual friend.” The lie seemed to slip easily from Sherlock's mouth as he continued his examination of the body. John frowned at that but said nothing.
.” She calmed down as she spoke this next part, “Do you want to know why I really came back to London, John? I was fired from my job... because of... because I was drinking too much and I just... I couldn't stop, Johnny! Then– god and then nobody wanted to work with me! The designers all rejected me left and right and to top it off Clara left me. She
Sherlock huffs, “How many times – you know I prefer my first name.” He does sit up but only to wipe the red lipstick off his face. She’d clearly applied it with the sole purpose of annoying him so she could do things like this.
“Good job Scotland Yard!” Dimock cheered, clapping them on the back, “Now you will be reimbursing me for the damages to the bike won't you?” He laughed and winked at Sherlock and John.
The Russian woman gives her a Cheshire grin and looks to Sherlock with a sly expression, “Sherlock, you naughty boy,” she says, “Were you keeping this adorable little mouse from us on purpose?”
Sherlock walked into the small building following the directions Harriet had given him. He sauntered confidently down the hall as he found the door he was looking for and knocked twice.
“I didn't at first. It was the act gave you away. I know a drunk man when I see one. And I know you... Sherlock Holmes.”
John frowns at the boy and Sherlock can see in the stiffness of his posture that he’s doing his best not to glare at him. His attempt at a grin seems to fail him, looking feral rather than friendly as he replies, “Sherlock can be very persuasive when he wants to be.”
“Great!” Sherlock answered, his voice sounding harsh but encouraging. John have him a look of outrage as he continued, “
Rosie hugs Sherlock around the neck and gives him a big sloppy kiss on the cheek, “Happy!” She replies.
“Huh,” John comments and nudging Sherlock asks rhetorically, “She brought you a good case, didn’t she?”
They'd taken him away into a room to recover then and Mycroft had sat in the chair for nearly a day and a half now, awaiting news of his sibling.
“Alright, fine! What about the piece I wanted to do on the trends in suicides after singles attended weddings? That was an incredibly interesting piece!”
“...lucky to have you,” Mary was saying sweetly, “and that way you attacked that Carpaccio earlier? Very sexy.”
The man’s lips tilt in a bemused look, “You’ve checked your phone at least five times since this couple started their jive,” he comments, “and you keep looking about nervously… conclusion, you’re waiting on someone.”
Sherlock doesn’t say anything. In reply he wraps an arm around the man and strokes his hair softly. Soon they are both fast asleep, snoring softly into the couch. Sherlock’s sure his back will hurt if the man decides to stay till morning - they’ll both be in pain for sure, seeing as the couch is not a particularly great place for either of them to fall asleep, let alone both, but he doesn’t have the heart to tell him to go away quite yet, and if he’s being honest, he kind of wants him to stay, just for tonight, just so he can feel this and enjoy the sweet embrace of a lover, even if he might never feel it again with another (or with the one he really wants).
Molly is in the morgue working on her most recent autopsy. She’s humming along to the Sinatra Song that Sherlock and Iris had crushed their competition with this week. As she hums along to the song while she works she reflects on how proud she is of Sherlock’s recent all-9 score along with the amount of votes he got this Sunday. And it was no wonder they had done so well - Sherlock and Iris had been brilliant Saturday night! They were bloody gorgeous together! And the choreography- oh it had fit so well with the song! It really looked like Sherlock missed his partner every time they separated and the ecstasy of having her back in his arms was so believable every time she came back to him. It was an absolute marvel to watch. Not only were Sherlock’s fans greatly devoted to him, most of London was enamored of him now as well, especially when they’d watched him and Iris speak about not only Sherlock’s devotion to the show in his interviews or even when the show highlighted his heroics as a detective, but also when they shared a small insight into his old struggles with addiction. Sherlock had not only been presented as a hero on the show now – no, now, with this interview, he was also presented as
Mary whistled, red beard trotting into the room with a box tied to his neck. Mary took it off and walked over to Harry. Harry gasped in delight.
Dorian wrinkles his brow at the screen as he turns to it, joining Sherlock in watching their competitors, a slight moue appears on his lips, probably because Sherlock isn’t paying attention to him. He cleverly decides to comment on their competitors to continue conversation, and Irene gives him points for persistence, “Song choice is a bit predictable though, and I think I’ve seen the out-door ice-cream shop setting used before on Strictly. It’s a bit… boring.”
Irene laughs, “Oh, my sweet Sherlock. It’s like he’s made of honey isn’t it?” She holds onto his arm while Sherlock raises a brow, though his smile is still there.
. He sighed and got up from his chair. He decided perhaps if he had a wash he might feel relaxed and clean enough to sleep. He went into the washroom and started applying the shaving cream.
It’s a late Saturday evening and Molly is honestly exhausted. She’s been watching over Rosie for John while he’s out on his date night with his girlfriend. Apparently, John had called Sherlock to ask him to babysit but had never received a response from the man and Mrs. Hudson was off visiting her sister this weekend so John had turned to Molly for help. He’d arrived almost three hours ago and would be back in another two. Before had John left on his date, John had  taken Molly aside and told her, in a slightly concerned voice, that he hasn’t heard much from Sherlock for almost two months and asked her if she knew anything of him, and whether she thought he should be worried. He had claimed he’d checked up on him but that Sherlock had seemed distant and aloof yet somehow still his usual self. John was curious about whether or not Molly had information for him. Molly didn’t, however, she
That causes John to explode into a fit of giggles, which in turn makes Sherlock laugh as well. “Oh, Sherlock,” John breathes, “I love you, you mad bastard.”
He moves to boldly caress her face while he pushes a strand of Molly’s own hair out of her face, “And I’d much rather live in the present,” he tells her.
” another time. He'd a feeling if he let him, he'd be doing it all night. All Sherlock wanted to hear come from John were his breathy moans, (
Without realizing what he’s doing John turns on the telly. It’s still early, so the program must be on again tonight. He hopes he doesn’t miss another moment. He finds the channel broadcasting the program fairly quickly and settles in to watch. He just hopes he hasn’t missed Sherlock’s performance this evening yet.
“Ah, my dear Doctor Watson...” William greeted John at the pub twenty five minutes later. “So sorry I'm late. I was a bit far from this area. But, now I'm arrived let me ask you, because I'm incredibly curious, why, after so very,
Sherlock is paying them no mind, walking over to the couch to hide from the cameras while the dancers downstairs are judged. Irene, however, is still paying attention and is suddenly interested, despite the fact that she’s moved to sit beside Sherlock and is now leaning her head on his arm. She’s aware that the other competitors often go to clubs on some of the evenings, but she and Sherlock only went the once, on the first night, and they had left relatively quickly when Sherlock had dismissed their competitors as a bunch of silly twits. Irene agreed wholeheartedly with him, but after tonight, she could use a distraction.
“Hi Sherrock,” Rosie interrupts, claiming the attention for herself before John can say anything in return.
Sherlock attempts to breeze by it as if he hadn’t noticed, “Oh, no, don’t worry, Watson, you have me all to yourself today. The Woman is off at Molly’s.”
seen Sherlock at Bart’s a few times and he’d looked rather fine. She had told John of her most recent encounter with Sherlock three days ago to ease his mind, anyway. She explained that she hadn’t had the chance to talk to him but that he’d seemed normal as he exited the building while speaking on the phone in rapid-fire tones to someone else in a language that sounded like it might be Russian. Perhaps he had a case for Mycroft? John had nodded and had seemed satisfied with the information and had bid her and Rosie a good evening with a final thank you hug. Molly had smiled and waved them off and had spent a very tiring evening indeed. Rosie is two years old now, after all, and she definitely requires a lot more energy than she used to do. She’s happy she’s trusted to watch her, but she’s also incredibly happy that the toddler is finally asleep and will be going home with her real parent soon.
Sherlock smirked and the engine of the thing roared to life. Carter and Dimock came out of the pub then. “We'll lead the way!” Dimock yelled as they got into their police car. Sherlock nodded.
“That one is actually really cool, don't laugh!” John said, as he smiled, already taking the outfit from him. Moments later he came out of the room with a wooden sword, posing for another photo. Sherlock snapped it quickly, amused by how much fun John seemed to be having.
John gave a sad smile, “I dunno... She's just... wearing an awful lot of pink, like on her wedding day,” he finally said.
“Telling would be too easy,” Sherlock said cheekily. He grinned at the rear view mirror. It was true. Sherlock hadn't thought anything odd about the man when he'd seen him. He would have forgotten him it it weren't for the memory of the awkward ride back to the Journal. The cabby had been annoyed with Sherlock for the way he'd teased John Watson. It had been obvious. He'd been mostly amused by the annoyance he'd sensed in the other man that night.
?” A rumbling voice whispers tantalizingly in John’s ear. He groans in the darkness and tilts his head in the direction of the speaker, seeking them out. In his mind, he sees pale skin and slim but strongly muscled arms. He feels the flat plane of a pale chest tingling just beyond his fingertips. Flashes of a rolling body fade in and out of existence and John longs to touch it. He feels himself growing stiff as he chases the feeling of that sensual figure, but he can’t seem to catch it. He groans feeling himself twist and turn, seeking the warmth of the body that should be there, but he can’t find it. Where is it? Where is the voice coming from?
When Sherlock reaches the hostess, giving her a peck on the cheek as she hugs him in greeting the woman continues, “Mr. Sherlock Holmes! London’s crusher of crime!”
. He stormed towards the bar of the little pub and slammed a hand on the counter, “Your telephone is out of order!”
“I’ve picked one already,” Sherlock tells them, then as John comes closer he leans in to whisper, “Irene doesn’t know. She really wants to do one about S and M but I told her it’s too obvious —it would immediately out her as Irene Adler.”
Eurus squints. “That’s impractical but I suppose you’ve always been quite resolute about your tastes. You were a very picky eater as well. Do you remember when Mycroft, mummy and I made gingerbread biscuits for Christmas and you ate all the ones mummy and Mycroft had made but you cried when I gave you mine?”
', which leads me to believe that not very many of you interacted with her. This is a small town, so I'm assuming if many of you had, you'd know her well by now. What I'd like to know is if you know anyone in town she was here to see in particular, perhaps they can shine some light on the situation?”
Sherlock at once gives up struggling and hums into the embrace, freeing his hands and wrapping his arms around John’s neck. They begin a slow luxurious writhing as they kiss, lazily rubbing against each other in the morning’s bliss... that is, until suddenly they hear a loud thunk followed by the crash of something plastic breaking upstairs. The sound is followed by the high-pitched and distinct voice of little Rosie Watson, screeching: “SHEWWWAAAAAAHHH!!! WHE AAAHHHH YOOOOUUUUUU!!!”
bother you?” John says playfully, “Okay then, here I come...!” He puckers his lips comically and wrestles Sherlock, attempting to kiss his mouth. As they giggle and struggle, he manages to get at Sherlock’s eye, the corner of his mouth, the side of his cheekbone and his chin until Sherlock finally loses and John captures his mouth, slipping his tongue in for good measure.
Another nurse came up to them then, this one looking more stern, “Mr. Holmes,” She said, “If you can't keep calm, I'm going to have to ask you to leave.”
Sherlock mentally shakes himself, no longer preoccupied with his partner’s actions, pleasurable as they may be.
Dorian grins and comes closer, encouraged by Sherlock’s attention. “Well if I had to put money on anyone that isn’t me, it’d be on you and Iris. I thought you two were amazing, as usual. Plus you’re the judge favorites AND the fan favorites despite me and Cecily existing, so I’m sure you’ll recover.”
My hand slipped and my evil cliff-hanger is not very effective because I finished this chapter earlier than I thought I would.
. This was all happening so fast! It was overwhelming - but in a good way. He could feel himself smiling like an idiot but for once he didn’t care. John loves him. He
John braces himself with his arms surrounding Sherlock and grins at him, "Hello," he greets, coming face to face with Sherlock, if at a slightly awkward angle because of their height difference.
Ah. He was going to sloppily disguise this to look like Sherlock had gotten drunk and driven himself into a rock. How he expected to hide the bullet wound was beyond Sherlock. It was probably just to give himself enough time to run anyway. It wasn't long before Sherlock saw his car just where he and John had left it earlier stuck in the mid from their little accident.
The boy grins, “There is no such thing,” he says, tossing his head back in laughter as he finally untangles himself from the older man’s side. It’s only then that Sherlock notices the pretty woman standing behind the older man. She appears, at first glance to be younger than him, though Sherlock can tell, even in the dim light, that this might be due to some small forms of surgery. Her hair looks a bit tousled and she holds a glass which is smeared with her lipstick and is filled with what appears to be wine. Dorian moves to kiss her free hand in greeting then turns to introduce them, “Sherlock these are my dearest friends, Henry, who as Jack said, is also my manager, and this lovely lady is his wife, Victoria,” he gestures at Sherlock, “Harry, Vicky, this is Mr. Sherlock Holmes - he’s the detective from the blog I told you about a few years ago.”
“You two are like Batman and Robin, you are. Heard you caught the killer. Shame about him, Mrs. Carter's brother.” The girl added.
Sherlock hung up the phone and lay back on the couch in his pyjamas and blue silk robe. His eyelids felt heavy. He just wanted to sleep.
Sherlock realized then that it had come time to end this little game, lest he lose it now. He huffed a breath and eyed the proffered hand through the side. “And if I don't choose you'll shoot me. I don't know, the way I see it either way I die.”
John pauses, trying to figure out the best way to say what he wants. “So, em... listen, about this morning...” he begins, a hand brushing self-consciously at the back of his neck -
“Nice.” John answered sarcastically, then added, with a hint of wickedness in his voice, “Let's stick her by the bogs.”
