Benny huffed a laugh before quickly stifling it. “Nah, it ain't like that, brother. You ain't my type. I just figured that you would be the one to understand me. You had my back when Ellen wanted to put a bullet in it. I forgot what that was like. I ain't had a friend in a long time.” he said, hopefully.
“Amen, Sammy.” said Dean, drying himself with a towel.
Over the last few weeks, he had gotten a good look at Lucifer's holdings. The main settlement was deep in the canyon. Cut into the canyon walls either side of a waterfall that powered a giant waterwheel. To Castiels surprise, the settlement itself was well planned and aesthetically stunning. Beautiful archways, pillars and steps had been carved out of the rock itself along both sides of the canyon, creating balconies and covered walkways. The river was controlled by a series of sluice gates and the banks had been built up and paved. A wooden bridge connected the two sides. Carved benches and statues sat in alcoves and although it was still winter, plants grew everywhere, carefully shaped and tended to add to the surroundings but not take over. It was breathtaking.
Cas has taken him into my room to give him the
Cas nodded. “I'll help you sleep before I go.” he said quietly. Dean gave the angel a grateful look.
“Bathrooms free, that water pressure is better than the bunker. It’s got like eight settings on the- Sam, you okay man? You look like you’ve seen a ghost.” Dean said, looking worried.
Dean struggled to speak, it was hard to see Cas so vulnerable.
Mary took a drink from her soda. “Stop trying to count the cards, it’s not Vegas and it’s not poker.” she scolded.
“I kicked him off the side of a mountain.” said Cas, matter of factly.
“Michael is dead?” he said, disbelief in his voice.
Dean finally took the chance to get a proper look at his rescuer, he was tall, virtually the same height as Dean, but broader. His hair was a rich dark brown, almost black, which complimented his startling blue eyes. He had a light dusting of stubble on a strong jaw and a mouth that looked soft and plush, a mouth that began to curve into a shy smile as Dean suddenly realised he had been staring just a
Bobby sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose and running a hand down his face. He picked up the mic to reply.
Sam began to move the packed duffles towards the door, ready to be loaded into the car at a moments notice.
Dean broke down. His shoulders shaking as he covered his face as he sobbed. Sam's lip began to tremble and his eyes went glossy as he too became emotional. “Jesus, Dean. Even Lucifer wasn't that malicious.” he choked out.
Dean woke to the sound of banging on the door of the room. Alert within seconds, he grabbed a blade from his boot and slid from the bed low to the ground and peered through the cracked, filthy window to see who was outside, knowing without even looking that Sam was already reaching for a weapon.
“Oh. Hey, Sam.” said Dean sounding relieved.
With a pointed look from Jess, Sam caved. “Okay, but we're staying right outside the door.” he said, clearly not happy.
This chapter isn't as long as the last one, but was a bitch to write. I managed to creep myself out writing the section on Dean's POV.
Since they had been intimate at the lake, Cas had been careful around Dean, it was obvious he was trying not to crowd Dean or smother him. It was also obvious he wanted to be close. Dean gave him a soft smile through the wind shields as he realised that maybe Cas need reassurance that he hadn’t pushed Dean too far.
Dean looked at the house and then back at Cas with an odd look on his face.
He smiled and sipped his beer as Bobby added mischievously “Didn't you nail that gate shut after that?”
Sam nodded. “Yeah, Bobby bet Dad twenty dollars I could tie him up so well he couldn’t get out without help.” he snorted a laugh.
Dean shrugged. “I had to be strong then. This is… not that.” he admitted.
longer than he should have.
He listened as Garth replied, trying to make out what he was saying, but could only make out the tone, it turned from jovial to panicked in seconds.
“I found 'em. But I wanted to get the guy at the top. I wanted to bring all of them down. So, I joined 'em so I could get close.” he paused, taking off his hat and running his hands through his hair.
“No it isn’t, Sam. We’ve been at this since I was four years old. Your entire life! We’ve given enough, lost enough. This is our chance to fucking enjoy the world we saved. We deserve it.” Dean said, irate. “Run the fucking Men of Letters, or whatever you wanna call it instead, but you gotta promise me, no hunting.”
“Crass? Boastful?” Cas suggested.
Dean took a deep breath. “Okay.” he said then groaned. “Ugh, I have no idea what to say. This is so far out of my wheelhouse, it ain’t funny.”
“I want to see my family. Then I'm going to stab Uriel in the face. But first, I've got to talk to a man about plan B.”
Cas nodded happily as Dean piled on a scoop of M&Ms into his bowl of chocolate ice-cream.
Bobby looked impressed. “Well then, you're hired. Congratulations.” he said dryly, making everyone chuckle.
The A/B/O Virus had devastated the entire world. With the majority of people being born sterile, the population plunged to near extinction within a handful of generations. Cities lay empty, left to crumble, regimes rose and fell. None managing to hold on to power for long with the population dwindling with each successive generation. Society crumbled until it broke down completely.
“I feel like a child being put to bed after a tantrum.” he griped, then laughed at the absurdity of the situation.
“Well, all in all, I'd say that went well.” he quipped.
Dean gaped and Cas actually blushed.
Dean chuckled. “No doubt. Claire's tough, and she's smart. Donna seems like she's all sunshine and rainbows, but put her in a tight spot and she's all steel.” he agreed. “Anyway, we're all loaded up. Jack is super proud to hold the title of navigator. He and Sam are nerding over the GPS as we speak. Just waitin' on you.” he said with a shrug.
Cas nodded and it seemed an actual effort for him to slow down and savour the food. The medicine was beginning to kick in and the combination of warm food and poppy syrup took its toll as his eyes began to droop. He tried to fight it, but the second time the bowl almost slipped from his fingers Bobby intervened. “I think you might be done, boy. Take a nap and I'll take a look at your info, we'll finish up our chat when you wake up.” he said quietly as he took the bowl from Cas' loose grip. Cas couldn't even answer as he slumped down, falling asleep almost immediately.
“Well then, looks like I'm the driver and you're shotgun. Now we just need the passengers” said Dean with finality.
“I tell you what, we'll sit down at some point and go over everythin', 'cause that all sounds pretty good. Maybe we can make a start on some of your ideas before you get back here for good.” said Bobby clapping Cas on the shoulder.
Hi! *waves*
Sam rolled his eyes. “Dean, I said I wouldn't.”
Dean finished his meat skewer and took a long drink from the water flask before turning to Cas with a confused look on his face.
Sam smiled. “Then there's glamping, a kind of romanticised version of camping, but with hot showers, hair straighteners and Wi-Fi.” he chuckled.
Dean looked surprised and his eyes were watery. “Dude, that's exactly it. I just want to get back to my life, y'know? What happened was bad, but it my life ain't gotta be all about that from now on, yeah?” he looked a little lost for a second before looking at Cas and giving him a watery smile. “How did you figure it out? Or are you just that smart?”
I thought I'd post a day early as there isn't an episode this week. I have a feeling you might like this one....
Dean shook his head. “No, I was just surprised, that’s all. I thought you’d only ever been with that April chick. I guess you’re not so crass as to boast about gettin’ laid.” he said, with a shrug.
Dean looked thoughtful. He sighed and ran his hand down his face. “Fine. But if he doesn't back off, I'm gonna punch him. Then when Jess kills me,
Bobby unveiled the plans for the new settlement just after breakfast. It would be a huge project, and would take many hands and a lot of time to build. The first stage of the plan was accommodation. They needed a space for people to live in whilst the rest of the settlement could be built. Garth's cabin would be first, he need a separate space to work his distillery set up and they would need a lot of ethanol in order to fuel the vehicles and machinery necessary for construction. Then a dormitory for the workers that had agreed to help set up the buildings necessary for infrastructure.
“Everything okay in here?” Sam sounded worried. Dean ignored him and looked at Jess to answer.
“Down by the trucks, they want to make the journey as easy as possible for the injured, so they are making some adjustments. Also the truck you were all in before is still kind of uh...gory, so Sam and Dean got the job of cleaning that up, as punishment for last night.” said Jess, grimacing.
Jack fell asleep just like his father, heavily and suddenly. Just like Cas, he could sleep through anything once he was out. Dean had always been envious of that particular skill.
Balthazar leapt forward and shoved Cas' head between his knees, rubbing his back fiercely.
Dean looked over at Jack and smiled. “He’s special alright.” he agreed.
“I’m still not a hundred per cent sure I want to retire, it’s just an idea right now.” Dean said, feeling a little self conscious.
Now, are we done with the death threats, or can I see my patients now?” said Jess, smartly, reaching down to kiss Sam on his forehead and then turning away to pick up her supplies.
Cas chuckled and laid down next to his husband. “Could be fun trying for one though.” he joked, running a hand up Deans leg as he waggled his eyebrows suggestively.
Dean grimaced. “I just realised they would have heard the truck pull up but we haven't gone in yet. We might've had an audience, dude.” he groaned and covered his face.
Cas shook his head as he placed the loose change in the jar on Deans desk. “I know.” he said quietly with a small shrug.
“Hey! He's not a piece of meat!” said Dean, angrily.
Dean glanced at his mother and smiled shyly. “This morning, we got mistaken for a couple, and it was nice. For a moment we were just a normal family, takin’ a trip. I didn’t want to let it go.” he admitted, tapping his fingers on the wheel again.
They slowly moved across the camp site, where Benny was busying himself removing the bodies of the dead bandits and Amy was rebuilding the fire, she had tied baby Matthew to her back in a sling and he was fast asleep.
Castiel had witnessed one male Beta being punished for accidentally sweeping dust onto a pregnant Omegas feet. He had been beaten, stripped naked and and hung by his ankles on a swinging gibbet from the lip of the canyon. Castiel was horrified to realise the man had been gelded previously. He was a eunuch.
Cas huffed a laugh. “Well, thank you. I think.”
Sam gave him an incredulous look. “Uh, huh. I call bullshit. You have always stared at Cas a little too long and a little too often for that to be true. And I've literally never heard of someone getting a crush from stress, I don't think that's how it works, Dean.” he said, patiently.
“I'm gonna go start ringing up yer stuff, boys. Gimme a holla if ya need me or ya can't find anything. Changing rooms over there by the hatchets.” said Jake, heading towards the counter.
“Hey! Get over here, I'm doin' all the work. The least you can do is hold this shit while I find you stuff” Dean hissed.
They crept towards the building, stopping underneath a window. Only one of the panes was intact, it's glass was pitted and cracked with age. The other pane was gone and in it's place was a rough board wedged into place. Cas signalled for Dean to keep watch as he began to pry the board loose, they both cringed as the board suddenly shifted with a squeal and Cas lifted it free, laying it gently on the floor to one side of the window. He peered inside before turning to Dean and nodding and then climbing through the opening, Dean followed seconds later.
“Take what you need.” The stranger said gently, breaking Dean out of his horrified reverie.
, right?” said Dean, watching with interest as Cas crumbled some cheese from the bag into the bread and ignoring Charlie's knowing look at Dean.
“Dude, so not ready to joke about it.” Dean hissed in annoyance.
“I understand, this is more awkward than when you held a bowl for me to pee into.” muttered Cas.
Sam shivered in his makeshift shelter. He had not dared to enter the ruins of the cabin, he did not want to see what was inside. Almost immediately after hiding under the dock, he had passed out, when he had awoken it had been dark and the snow had begun falling again. The cabin had still been smouldering and he was half frozen to death.
Deans cheeks went a little pink and he chuckled nervously as he laid his head on his arms and shuffled a little to get comfortable. “Thanks, Castiel, angel of Ambien. It's a little bit of a drop from commanding armies to helpin' one human get some shut eye, isn't it?” he joked.
“Dean. Wake up.” Cas called gently. “You're safe, it's just a dream.”
“Wha- Cas? What are you doin'?” Dean objected, although he made no move to remove his hand from Castiel's.
Dean slumped and sat down suddenly, tears in his eyes. Sam looked at Cas who looked mortified at making his friend cry.
Cas frowned. “This is where I can purchase camping supplies, is it not?” he asked, tilting his head in confusion.
Teeny bit of angst and a much needed conversation between Sam and Dean.
“Sorry, Bobby.” mumbled Dean as Sam looked abashed and also mumbled an apology. Both boys turning to the food again, with remarkably improved manners from Dean.
Fighting off panic, Dean continued on into the radio room. Bobby was seated at the radio listening to Cas as he stated his intention to confront Uriel.
Dean looked down and bit his lip. “I got a ways to go before I can do that for you, but I wanna make you come.” he said shyly.
a bad-ass” John confirmed with a nod and a smile.
Dean turned his head to smile at Cas. “You like?” he asked, a curious eyebrow raised in question.
Between them they eased Cas out of his jacket, trying not to disturb the blade before they could pull it out safely. Amy joined them after leaving Matthew with Charlie who was watching over a still groggy Jo. Cas was pliant, the strength had gone out of him now that the adrenaline from the fight had waned. Gently they laid him down on his side and Amy gasped at the sight of his blood soaked shirt and the knife handle sticking out from the bottom of his ribs, the handle pointing down towards his hip, which meant the blade was in his chest cavity.
Santa stepped back in surprise. “Jack Winchester. Your Daddy and Papa said you have been a good boy this year, so I decided to meet you and see for myself.” he said, his voice was very deep, just like Papa's voice.
Dean smiled and snuggled a little deeper into Cas. “I
“Did Cas go to get Jack already? I thought he was helping you get to sleep first?” he asked, stepping inside and frowning at the half empty bottle and his brothers glazed puffy eyes.
“Well yeah. That fucker kidnapped us, to trade us. Like we're
“Where are we?” said Cas, his voice a little smoother than before. His eyes still blinked sleepily and his movements were sluggish.
Dean stood and took Sam's bowl and refilled it, handing it back without comment as Amy smiled behind her hand.
Dean began to thrash and sob and the scent of distress was so thick, Castiel's eyes began to water.
Cas visibly relaxed and nodded. “Yes, she's with Donna. Against both of them, the Crocotta doesn't stand a chance. I almost feel sorry for it.” he smirked, looking proud.
Cas huffed a laugh and opened the book at the beginning, he licked his lips and began “The principal methods of
Dean shrugged “Me either, maybe someone will figure it out one day.” he paused and brushed a hand through Charlie's hair “Looks like Sam isn't the only one in heat, sweetheart. I think you are too. Go drink some more tea and take a nap.”
But Bobby
Dean groaned. “I think we just build up to things. This is off book for me too.”
Dean pulled his mother in and kissed her head. “Thanks, Mom.” he whispered into her hair.
“Hey, kiddo. Lets get your robe and slippers on first, okay? Its chilly tonight.” he said softly.
Dean cried silently as Cas ran a hand through his sweaty hair, occasionally wiping away the tears.
Sam looked over at Cas who wasn’t doing a very good job of pretending he wasn’t watching. “I think you both are. You two are gonna be sickening, I just know it. You guys got what it takes to make it, you know? I call dibs on giving you away at your wedding.” he said, pointing a finger at Dean.
“Aww it's okay, hon. It's no big deal.” said Ellen, stepping behind him to push him towards a chair “Take a seat here with Dean while you wait for Jess. I'll get right on with cleanin' it up.” she said winking at Dean over Cas' shoulder.
Dean raised his eyebrows. “Who’s gonna teach him? I only know how Dad taught us, and I don’t think Cas would be too impressed if I just throw the kid in the deep end.” he said with a grimace.
Cas opened his eyes and looked at Dean. “I don’t need a rod to fish.” he said with a shrug.
Jack let go and stepped back. “Thank you for bringing me. This is already amazing. It’s so beautiful here.” he said, looking up and turning around, his arms up and a smile on his face.
Dean grunted an answer, swinging his legs out of the tent and shoving his feet into his boots. He shivered in the chilly air and grabbed his shirt from the floor of his tent, shoving his arms in and straightening the collar. He groaned as he stood up, staggering over to where Cas sat on the log by the fire, flopping down next to him and shoving his face into Cas’ chest. “Nightmare, shoulda just let you knock me out again.” he mumbled as Cas put an arm around him comfortingly.
“It’s a kids game, Cas. It’s not a literal donkey or a literal tail.” he said in a pained tone.
Cas raised an eyebrow questioningly. “Only pretty sure? Hmmm. I must be a little out of practice.” he said with a fake pout.
Daddy came through the door to the kitchen, he had a glass of wine in his hand and smile on his face.
Sam's seemingly infinite patience with the boy was a blessing, as Dean's hangover had his own patience dangling by a thread. He felt like his whole body was on high alert waiting for Cas to appear and he had to bite his tongue several times to stop himself from snapping at Jack unfairly.
Cas nodded. “You still have enough of a connection to sense it, Jack. I’ll show you how.” he promised.
Cas and Jack stood at the side of the pool looking confused.
The whole group sat open-mouthed in shock. Benny looked pained.
“An hour or so. I figured we’d check in, go grab a bite somewhere and then Jack can play in the pool to his hearts content until bedtime.” Sam said with a chuckle.
“I didn't tell you because I knew you would not trust me if you knew I came from a clan that trades Omegas. Especially after what you had been through. Please believe me, I intended to see you all home safely and then be on my way. I had no other agenda. Now that I...” his voice broke and he looked visibly upset. He took a breath and continued “You have all been so kind to me, I consider you all my friends. I felt that I would be betraying you if I kept this from you any longer.
“Rooms all yours, Cas. Lemme know if you need, uh, back-up.” he said, although his face showed that he hoped not.
Dean hammered the last dove-tail joint into place and stepped back to admire his handiwork. For the past few days since Cas left, he'd mostly sulked and done very little work. After Charlie's meltdown, he'd pulled his head out of his ass. He still wasn't allowed to do much heavy lifting, so he threw himself into making the furniture for the dorm. He'd just finished making the bench for the kitchen. It wasn't a masterpiece, but it was sturdy and functional.
Jack beamed. “Okay. Cas said he'll treat us all to pancakes when we make our first stop. Are you hungry in the meantime? I can make you something. Jody has been teaching me. I can boil an egg now and make popcorn.” he said proudly.
Dean smiled. “Thanks, Cas. For being cool about this, and for not y'know, mind whammying me right here in the library and throwing me over your shoulder before dumping me in my room.” he joked.
***The next chapter is already in progress, because I have no life.
Hi! *waves* I'm back. Sorry for the delay, to make up for it, here is an extra long chapter. This chapter is a monster. Over 5000 words. Due to the subject matter, I felt it needed to be longer than normal.
“When dear Rafe dropped the bombshell that your father was alive, I had no way to contact you. So I did the next best thing. I went to Gabriel. Between us, we got your father out from where he was being held and Hannah is with them now. They're nearby and safe.” he said, holding his hands out placatingly.
“Okay, I’m not great with words, but I just wanted to say that.. I.. love you.” he said, his face flaring up in a fierce blush. If he kept blushing like this he’d have to invest in some ice packs to cool his burning face.
His approach had been novel in that he had encouraged the Betas and Omegas to help him turn the barren landscape surrounding the settlement into several small holdings, each responsible for growing specific crops or raising animals. Large greenhouses built from scavenged glass, taken from the abandoned cities or towns, protected the crops from the harsh frosts that would have destroyed them otherwise. Some crops were still impossible to grow here, but what they could grow, they traded with the settlements on the plains for the food and medicine they needed.
**************
“Kid, you get any more ideas like that, you share ‘em. That’s one of the best ideas I’ve ever heard.” Dean praised.
“I'd like to lay eyes on Dean first before I go get Sam, if it's all the same to you.” said Bobby still holding his gun on Benny.
“Thank you, ma'am.” he said, nodding his head.
Castiel's smile lit up his entire face “I like it. Compared to my usual nickname, it's a definite improvement.”
Cas groaned. “Uh, they've uh, gone home. Yes, that's it. This was my last stop of the night and they dropped me off before they went back to the north pole. Isn't that right, Daddy?” he said, looking at Dean desperately.
Dean laughed. “It was your bright idea, Santa. One of your best, I'll admit. Did you see his little face? Oh my God, Cas, he was over the moon.” he said, sipping his wine.
“Presiding over what's left of the clan. He's named himself Clan Alpha and by the looks of it, isn't a very good one. He's pretty much only got his hardcore supporters left. The rest are dead, or they've fled. I can't really tell without getting too close.” said Balthazar uneasily.
the Alpha. Of course it wasn't the
Cas’ phone rang and he stood up to answer it, his face breaking out into a soft smile. “It’s Claire, she’s outside and wants to be let in.” he said, hanging up and almost running for the stairs up to the main door.
Cas chuckled and pulled Dean towards himself, uncovering Deans face at the same time.
worse and survivable, Cas.” said Jess from the doorway, making both Cas and Dean jump. “As it is, this is going to affect the rest of your life. You have to be super careful about infection now. A rusty nail could kill you.” her face was serious as she dropped a bag on the table and sat down.
he tugged playfully at Sam's hair and smirking before ruffling it, teasing “You need a haircut, bitch”
Eventually Amy staggered out from behind the tarp, she looked exhausted. Everyone turned to look at her.
“Uh, sorry dude. I guess I'm tryin' to figure out why the rescue, I mean, who are you?” said Dean, awkwardly. He was flustered and blushing slightly.
Dean put the wine glasses in the dishwasher and switched in on before checking the coffee machine was set for the morning. Cas was a mess in the mornings and Dean wasn't much better. Since having Jack, they'd both had to make a massive adjustment to their morning schedules and having fresh brewed coffee first thing helped them cope with a lively four year old.
Yay! Look! *gestures expansively* A whole chapter! Only two months late. *grins sheepishly*
Being officially 'dead' gave Castiel the freedom to scope out Lucifer's operation without being actively hunted. If he could continue being undetected, he stood an excellent chance of gaining enough information to bring down Lucifer for good.
He looked around the floor for the slippers he had found when they had first moved into the bunker and saw them sticking out from under the bed. He rolled onto his side, smooshing his face into the covers and groped around blindly trying to reach them and put them on.
“We were going to wait, but then with Dean coming home and everything, we were up late talking after you went to bed and, well...”
“What if he meets someone else while he's away? He might find someone better and never come back. He could be gone for months, Charlie. That's a long enough time to forget me.” whined Dean.
“Nah, it’s weird, but- not bad weird?” Dean gasped as Cas finally bottomed out.
Sam sighed, his face a mask of relief. “That’s good, Dean. I’m not gonna push you, I doubt Cas will either. But we’re here for you, whenever you’re ready.” he assured.
Dean nodded, a tiny smirk on his face. “Yeah, I’m hard enough to hammer nails. You gotta stop or I’ll end up traumatising my brother and Jack.” he whispered.
Cas looked surprised and then smiled “ I.. I would like that very much, Dean.” he said shyly.
Dean chuckled. “Uh oh. Looks like you've created a monster, Bobby.” he said smiling fondly.
“That musta bin some nightmare. You okay, Dean?” said Bobby, needing reassurance from Dean himself.
“Oh, how is that going to make me unhappy?” said Michael, in confusion.
Cas scooted down and pressed his lips to the head of Dean’s cock, slowly opening them to take it in. He kept going, slowly taking all of it before swallowing, looking Dean in the eye the whole time.
“I think I'll ask the questions if you don't mind. Who the hell are you?” said Bobby gruffly, gesturing with the shotgun to make his point clear.
Dean burst out laughing. “He thought you were Sam.” he explained.
Once they were at the counter, Jake welcomed them and apologised for his wife again. The bill was pretty steep, but Jake gave them a 25% discount and threw in a wind-breaker for Cas for free.
Dean laughed “I can see, dude. That smile of yours is a dead giveaway. Let me tell you, you're a natural. A few more lessons and you'll be nearly as good as me.” he said with obvious pride in his voice.
Dean blushed and chewed his lip nervously. “I’ll teach you.” he blurted, before he could change his mind.
The newcomers were from Bobby's network, here to begin construction on the buildings that would be the basis for the hub that Bobby had envisaged. They seemed like a friendly bunch, albeit big drinkers. Garth had been working around the clock trying to keep up with the demand, even though Bobby had limited the workers to only drinking after dark.
“You were scared?” Dean asked, surprised.
“Do you want my mouth?” Cas asked, kissing the bolt of Deans jaw.
“Is everything okay, Dean? You don't have to keep me company, don't you want to spend time with your friends, or your brother?” Cas asked carefully.
Dean smiled tightly and peered down at the Alpha currently clinging to him. “Hanging in there, Cas?” he said quietly.
Guilt clawed at his insides as Amy was forced to not only to submit, but to take a knot to the mouth as tears streamed down her face. He had tried to look away but his head was held in place by the two Alphas holding him as the Alpha forcing Amy to pleasure him grunted out a mixture of slurs and encouragements as he fucked her mouth.
“I guess.” said Dean, still looking a little uncomfortable. Dean felt a tiny hand on his shoulder and
“Dean, it's okay. You've been through a lot lately, we all have.” Sam said gently, coming further into the room.
Jo was a tough as nails blonde and had a deadly temper, as one of the Alphas that had dared to get too close had found out.
Daddy pulled him back gently and straightened his pyjamas. “Slippers and robe first, okay? Santa will wait for you.” he reassured. “Look, I'm already wearing mine.” he said, gesturing to his own pyjamas and robe with matching slippers.
“Your arm is stiff already, it makes the muscles go into spasm. The willow bark will help with that. I already have some tea brewing for Jo, but she's still asleep, so you drink it, and I'll make her some more. Okay?” said Jess, soothingly.
Cas flinched and looked down at himself. He lifted the shirt over his head and stood there holding it awkwardly as Sam helped Jack climb down into the pool.
“Once we set your arm, I suggest you get on the radio to that brother of yours. See if they can get a medic out here. I won't lie, he won't make it if we try and get him there. I'm pretty sure the blade nicked his spleen , he's bleeding out slow. He'll bleed out faster if we move him. Most we can do here, is get the blade out and prevent further damage.” Benny said matter of factly.
Sam gave him a disgusted look. “Dude, overshare much? Didn’t Cas
Dean climbed out of the truck and helped Charlie down from the cabin before closing the door and taking her elbow, helping guide her over the rough terrain in the almost pitch black.
Cas grunted as Jess pinned the bandage in place “I...yes. I'm sorry, I can't seem to make myself let go of you. This is really embarrassing.” he said hoarsely.
Castiel cleared off most of the desk and laid the map out flat, pinning down the edges with weights. Michael would want evidence, so Castiel organised the stack of witness statements and his own notes into neat piles and laid them down next to the map. Satisfied, Castiel stood the other side of the desk and waited for Michael to appear. He didn't have to wait long, Michael burst in the door looking eager, rubbing his hands together.
“I knew something was wrong straight away, So I crept back towards camp and when I saw what was happening, I didn't know what to do. So I..I hid.” Alfie looked ashamed.
“How can I help?” said Castiel, his deep voice dipping even lower as he tilted his head in confusion as to the contents of the table.
Gordon smiled. “Yeah, that's what they call me.” he gestured to the various bits of furniture around the work shed. “Did you make all of these?” he said looking impressed.
Cas nodded sadly. “I understand. It's not ideal, but I understand. Thank you, Jess. You saved my life.” he said earnestly, trying to make up for his earlier outburst.
“Kitty saw me looking at you and she thought we were hiding who we were and was trying to tell me if we wanted to keep it on the down-low, that I should maybe not look at you like that in public.” he said, his cheeks burning. This was not how he expected this day to go when he woke up this morning.
“Cas, I'm a mess right now. Sometimes I'm a shitty friend and brother. But I'd never do that to you. This is your home. You'll always have a place in this family no matter what happens, okay?” Dean promised. “If you feel you have to go, I won't stop you. Just don't disappear, okay? Call me to let me know you're alright. I care about you. Let me figure this out. I promise, you'll be the first to know when I do, okay?” he pulled the angel in to hug him.
At the garage, Dean stopped and let go of Cas' arm and stepped back, leaning against Cas' truck.
Wordlessly, Cas and Dean worked together, tucking Jack in and turning on his night light before slipping silently from the room and across the hall to their own room. Closing the door, Dean leant against it and sighed heavily.
Cas stood up, pulling Dean up with him. “That I can help with. Come with me.” he said, pulling Dean along by the hand as he headed towards the bedrooms.
Dean and Cas shared a smile at the girls obvious joy.
“It's okay, boy. Let's get you checked over and some fluids in you first. Dean managed to radio me just before they took him, I know the gist of it. It's being taken care of. You can fill in the details later. Right now, we need to take care of you.” said Bobby, soothingly.
Sam shuddered. “I’ll have to teach him, Cas can’t swim either.” he said to Deans surprise.
Cas’ breath hitched and he swallowed heavily. “Perhaps I should go. If I’m making things worse for you-”
Cas hugged back, patting Sam on the back awkwardly.
“Maybe next time, lets remind Cas that when he takes his knife out of a dead guys eye, to maybe flick the eyeball out of the truck?” she said, cringing.
Cas frowned but complied and Jack shrugged and began picking up a selection of small rocks.
Cas reached for his shirt and pulled it on, doing up the buttons slowly. He looked up to see Dean standing next to him holding a thick, canvas jacket and a scarf.
Cas smiled back. “Yes. I do. Mostly I just want to have you all to myself for a little while. Is that selfish of me?” he said, pressing a kiss to Deans head.
Cas makes a joke [Yes, really]. Mary loves her sons. Dean impresses Cas. Jack is a genius and embraces the great outdoors [and everyone else] and Sam has a plan.
“Well, I’d serenade you, but I don’t think you’d appreciate my singing voice. You don’t eat, so I can’t cook for you. I can bring you flowers, I guess? What do you say?” Dean chuckled.
“Uh, Goin' somewhere, Cas?” said Garth, looking puzzled.
“I was.. I did a lot of bad. I figure if I do my part in taking down this Lucifer guy and getting rid of the people terrorisin' folks, it goes a long way to makin' things right. What I'm askin' is, that when you go, I want to go with you. Help you fight the bad guys.” said Benny, looking determined.
“Yep. We are definitely doing that again.” he said eagerly. “Might have to soundproof my room though, I think I got pretty loud there for a minute.” he said, going red again.
Dean entered the house, heading to Bobby's room to pack him some items, he pushed down the feeling of rejection that suddenly flashed through him at Cas' seemingly casual dismissal, knowing that Cas hadn't meant anything by it and that his Omega hormones were going crazy, making him a little irrational and needy. He huffed a laugh to himself at his own ridiculousness as he packed a small overnight bag with Bobby's essentials. It seemed that the Omegas were all going into heat at the same time, possibly due to proximity. Jess had mentioned that it happened sometimes in bigger clans where there were a lot of Omegas. It was practically unheard of to have so many Omegas under one roof.
Dean nodded. “I do. I don’t think I’m ready for.. you know, the whole shebang. But maybe build up to it? Like we talked about before?” he said shyly.
“Nice, he makes it with a little honey. Heat tea is disgusting without it.” he said with a grimace and Charlie hummed in agreement. All of the Omegas had begun to drink the heat tea in preparation for their heats that were due any day.
Dean dutifully made his checks every fifteen minutes, making sure to carefully write down everything in the notes. There was no change for several hours and it began to get light outside.
“By the way, the river isn't gone. It was just diverted a little further upstream. It's just behind that hill. We can replenish our water supplies and even have a bath if you want, I have some soap if anyone wants it.” said Cas, fighting back a yawn.
“Three days.” mumbled Cas, slumping in his seat and not meeting her eyes.
“Urgh. How Cas finds you the least bit attractive, I'll never know.” she said, wrinkling her nose.
“Get off the truck or no dessert, you little heathens!”
He stood up and approached the aisle where there were dozens of different brands of hiking boots and shoes. He picked up a brown leather pair and inspected them. They were pretty nice, not too expensive. Not ideal for hiking, but would go pretty well with the rest of the clothes he'd picked out. Hell, he may even buy himself a pair while he was here. Would it be too weird if he and Cas got matching boots? Nah. Boots were boots.
Dean was at a loss with what to do with his hands, he reached back and grabbed Cas’ thigh, feeling the muscles move as Cas thrusted relentlessly, the other settled over Cas’ hand on his cock, lacing his fingers as they both pumped him together.
After scoping out the main settlement, he had moved on to the outposts. Again, their arrogance amazed him. It was almost too easy to sneak in and snoop around. He had identified where they stored the boats they used for raiding, a weapons store, several warehouses stocked with everything from corn to cotton, a large stable of horses, an engineering yard with a fleet of vehicles and several farms. He marked them all on his map, and made copious notes in a small notebook, both would be essential when planning to bring down Lucifer.
Sam nodded slowly. “Yeah, Dean. It kinda twigged for me after he got out of purgatory. For a while there I thought you returned his feelings, you were so broken up at having to leave him behind.” he admitted.
He would lower them on a cradle down the well shaft with the warning that if they didn't step out of the cradle, he would cut the ropes and they would stay down there forever. It varied however long they were kept there, in complete darkness, listening to the scurrying and squeaking of the rats and jumping at a real or imagined touch from the animals. The only light would be a lantern attached to the cradle that was lowered when it was time to be taken out.
Dean nodded, looking down the road as the car disappeared over the horizon. “Yeah, he thought Jack was autistic, apparently he has a nephew that he’s really fond of, so he has a soft spot for special kids, but I think he’s just a good guy in general. Not many of those.” he said, sadly.
He managed to put the slippers on and groaned as he sat up again. His headache was a dull throb behind his eyes, and his nose was stuffy and clogged. He hoped he wasn't coming down with something on top of the hangover.
“I should be weirded out by that, but I’m not. I’m too damned comfortable.” Dean said, lazily. “You make a comfy body pillow.”
“Thanks, did Sam make this?” said Dean, indicating the tea. Charlie nodded and blew gently over the cup, trying to cool it before taking a sip.
****************
Several days had passed since Benny had talked to Castiel. The Alpha had been quiet and withdrawn since, not even smiling when Jess had happily declared that he was now free to wander the house as long as he was careful and didn't overdo things. Cas had never really been talkative, but the change was so obvious, the rest of the occupants of the house were on edge.
Dean had been put in the pit again for being caught out of bed the night before, he had fallen asleep on the windowsill and had still been there when Alistair had decided to check in on the sleeping Omegas. He had a rough idea that it had been about a day since he had been put here and he had thought a little while ago that he had heard Alistair preparing to get him out. The familiar clang of the cradle being attached to the ring clips on the rope had alerted him, but it had halted suddenly.
As they reached the truck, they were surprised to find that Benny had moved the bodies here too. Judging by the drag marks on the ground, he'd dumped them in the ditch on the opposite side of the road. However, the cab was still drenched in blood and had started to attract flies. The coppery scent was cloying and both Dean and Charlie gagged.
I'm sorry.
Dean shrugged. “I dunno. I'm messed up, Sam. I mean, I love the guy, but am I
“Hello Dean, Charlie.” Castiel's voice was even deeper and more gravelly than usual as he squinted up at them from his blanket, clearly exhausted. “It went well, I hope?” he said quietly, not wishing to disturb the sleeping pair.
Cas reached for his hand tentatively. “Take your time. I’m not going anywhere.” he assured.
“Okay,but just wait 'til I tell the whole story, before you judge me too harshly.” Said Benny, shifting to get comfortable, he began.
“When you were with those guys, the ones you slept with? Which one were you? Like were you the one on top, or..?” Dean asked, his cheeks a little pink.
So, back to the last chapter. Dean and Sam make an agreement. Cas is a sweetheart. Dean gets an education. More sexy times ahead.
At the ice-cream place, Dean introduced Cas and Jack to the concept of the ice-cream sundae. Jack was enthusiastic, but Cas was blown away and to the casual observer it wouldn’t have appeared he reacted at all, but Sam and Dean were amazed at his excitement.
They worked efficiently, stripping the carcass and salting it, before wrapping the meat and tying it off to the poles they would use to carry the large carcass out of the forest. Shouldering the poles, they began the march back out of the forest. John leading, occasionally pointing out uneven ground or stray rocks to Bobby, preventing him from tripping.
A knock at the door had Dean jumping back with a start, he blushed as Cas rolled his eyes and swung his legs over the side of the bed.
It didn't work, his heart sank as Jack burst into tears. “I don't understand. I want my Papa!” he wailed.
Ellen handed Cas a cup of tea and patted his shoulder affectionately, gently pushing him into a chair.
“I think he needs some time. Give it a little while.” said Ellen, getting up to check on her patients again as Cas began stirring.
Sam felt shame at the thought that while he had been wallowing in grief for his father and worry for Dean, Bobby had actually made good on his promise to do everything in his power to find Dean and protect them all. He felt pride for his brother, that he had inspired the clans to work together in a way they never had before. He felt hope for the first time in weeks. The cloud of grief began to clear, just a little.
Cas paused as he removed the decorative pillows from the bed and gave Dean an incredulous look.
Castiel had noticed that there were only nine bodies. The original number of the group sent to the canyon had been twelve, counting him and Balthazar, so someone was missing. The damage done to the bodies made them impossible to identify, so they could only wonder who it was.
“I was- You were-” Jack stammered, pointing between the two men.
“Did I miss something?” said Cas, taking a seat.
look. Mary did the same thing. Her scent would be all off too and I'd be grovelling at her feet for forgiveness before I knew it.” He paused before continuing “She only kicked my ass for real once though, d'ya remember Bobby?”
Bobby relaxed a little. “I take it you had no more trouble since?” he asked, narrowing his eyes.
Dean and Cas make a shaky peace for the time being. Dean promises to try to figure things out. They head out on the first leg of their road trip.
Man, I'm glad we learned the basics of warding from Cas, at least we know how to spot a fake.” he chuckled and Sam huffed a laugh.
“My affection for you is not based on sex, Dean. We both agreed that neither of us are ready to take that step. If you needed reassurance of that, this is it.” said Cas, dropping a kiss on Dean's temple.
Bobby came back and busied himself over the small fire, raking the coals and placing a small pan of broth on them. In no time it was steaming and he transferred it to a small bowl.
*Awkward silence*
“No, no. I'm not mad anymore. Like I said, I get it. Jess was right, I kind of made it about me, and it's really not. There is a bigger picture. I just wanted to say that I'm sorry I made you feel bad about it.” he sighed. “This is why you've been quiet this week, huh? You were tryin' to figure out how to tell us. You made yourself sick worrying about it.” Cas nodded and Dean huffed a laugh. “See, I thought it was because you were embarrassed about your instincts going nuts so you were avoiding me. I guess I made that about me too, huh? Man, I really think a lot of myself, don't I?” he said bitterly, looking down.
“You are.” Cas agreed. He touched a sensitive patch on Deans face. “I may have to shave a little closer in future.” he said frowning.
“You want romance? I never took you for a romantic.” Cas teased, lifting the camp kettle and pouring it into the travel mugs they had bought for this trip.
Dean looked shocked. “Oh.” he exclaimed. He thought back to the grief and guilt he'd felt over leaving Cas in purgatory. From an outside perspective he guessed it would have looked like that. Maybe it was that and he'd been so wrapped up in the guilt he hadn't noticed.
Charlie stepped up and hugged him from behind, resting her chin on the top of his head, Cas took her hand and squeezed it gently. “Maybe you could come back here, I'm sure Bobby will help you find your brother through his network. Right, Bobby?” she said looking at Bobby pleadingly.
“Hi, are you still here? I thought Ellen or Amy would have taken over by now?” she whispered quietly, quickly glancing at Ellen who was still asleep propped up.
Jess had saved this part for last in order to not disturb his wounds until the last possible moment.
Ellen shrugged and sat down opposite him with a cup of tea for her and Amy. “Who else was gonna do it? It wasn't a big deal, hon.” she said, dismissively.
Dean sighed. “No, you shouldn’t have.” he agreed.
Everyone had settled into chairs or on the floor, their attention fully on the Alpha who looked uncomfortable.
Dean felt the blunt head of Cas cock between his ass cheeks and tensed automatically.
Settling down against Santa's soft tummy, Jack accepted a cookie from Santa as Daddy wiped away the tears and snot from his face with a tissue.
“You can't. You didn't
For what seemed like hours the rest of the group tried to keep themselves occupied, it was hard to sleep, but everyone tried. At best they managed short cat naps in between pacing or playing card games. All of them trying their hardest to ignore what was going on behind the tarp. None of them felt particularly hungry, except for baby Matthew who was happily gnawing a small piece of cheese that Bobby had brought with the supplies. His chubby baby hands were covered in a mixture of drool and cheese and he squealed in delight when Charlie recoiled in disgust when he tried to share it with her. They talked lowly amongst themselves, trying to block out the low murmuring of Jess giving instructions to Ellen and Amy.
Dean shook his head. “Nah, hate to admit it, but it's too big to fit in Baby. I'm gonna find a smaller one for food though. You can get the ones that are solar powered these days or they charge from a car battery.” he looked around the store “We need a couple of tents, some sleeping bags, some water purifying stuff. Don't wanna get the runs again....” he muttered to himself as he wandered down the aisle leaving Cas standing and looking lost.
“Holy fuck!” exclaimed Dean, reaching towards Cas' knees. Cas jumped as Dean reached down between his knees to something on the floor of the cabin. “It's my radio! The bastard ripped it out of my car when I was taken. He put it in his truck!” Dean was so excited he took his eyes off the road and the truck began to drift to the right, its wheels edging the lip of a dry culvert.
“I also want a list of the un-mated Omegas in the clan. It almost goes without saying that they are what the rogue clan is really after. With winter almost upon us, they will be gunning for our food stocks and medical supplies. But they really want the Omegas. They cannot be allowed to take what is ours.” With that he abruptly stalked away to talk quietly to another Alpha, Raphael, who had been standing off to one side throughout the entire speech.
“I'm gonna lock up and switch off the lights and stuff, take him to bed and I'll be in in a few.” said Dean, kissing his husband on the cheek and heading off to lock up.
Dean nodded, his face sincere and Cas frowned and looked at Jess “So, you know what the surprise is?” he said questioningly and Jess grinned.
“You- you were attracted to me?” Cas asked, his voice was surprisingly squeaky and his eyes were alight with hope.
Dean shrugged. “No problem, Cas. It's not like we're on a schedule or anything. As long as we're in Ohio by tomorrow afternoon, we're good.”
Sam laughed. “Oh, damn. I haven’t seen Tootsie since we were kids.” he said, picking up a slice of pizza.
Bobby had never heard of the Novak clan, nor had Garth. Cas was not surprised, his clan had been very insular and isolated until fairly recently, and even now only traded with a few select clans.
“Damn straight they would. Holy cow, Karen had a way about her, could put me in my place without a word. When I messed up, all she had to do was give me that look, disappointed and devastated all at once, and I was a wreck.”
Hearing Cas use a curse word shocked Dean out of his pain filled haze and he stared at the Alpha in horror.
Dean huffed a laugh. “Yeah, some people like to rough it, bare minimum everything. But some people take everything but the kitchen sink. It depends on what level of comfort you're willing to accept, I suppose.”
“I knew you would react badly to it. After what you had all been through, I thought it best not to say anything. As I said, my plan was to see you to safety and then leave. I didn't expect to stay or to.. become friends, with any of you. Up until I found you in the compound I was completely focused on my mission.” said Cas quietly.
“What are we going to do?” Cas asked. “I don't want to lose you” he whispered, looking heartbroken at the thought.
“That's a familiar sight where I'm from on the coast. Huge cities underwater. Hundreds of years of hurricanes and no-one left to care, they just got swallowed up by the ocean. I used to sail my boat around the buildin's tryin' to picture what the city looked like before. Me and my buddy used to explore the more stable towers. Never found anythin' other than concrete an' bird shit though.” drawled the big Alpha staring wistfully at the flooded city and Dean huffed a sad laugh.
Cas meant as much to him as Sam did. He was family. Dean thought about the way that the angel showed he cared, he noticed things. He'd died for them more than once. Hell, he'd told them outright and neither brother had the courage to say it back. He'd put up with Deans rages and hadn't left. His son was living in a different state, yet he still split his time to make sure the brothers were safe. Maybe it was time to notice every little thing about Cas too.
It was too early for his scent to change, that usually happened about a month in. They wouldn't know for sure until then. Sam didn't feel any different, a little tired, but heats had always left Sam exhausted, no matter how long they lasted.
Sam laughed and slapped Dean on the back. “I told you, Bobby took your idea and ran with it. This place is going to be a full settlement. There's gonna be a school and a clinic and everything!” he said excitedly.
“Well, that makes me feel a little better. Didn't want a city boy like yourself gettin' all lost or mauled by a bear or somethin'. An' now I know what sort of gear yer gonna need.” he held out his hand for Cas to shake “Ma names Jake, and I'll see ya right, don't you worry none.”
Deans head shot up at that and even Ellen stepped forward.
“I need my pack, I can't leave without it, it contains the reason I was out here in the first place.” said Cas, his face morose. “Sure, man. I mean you did just break us out, so you gonna finally explain why you were even there?” said Dean, looking over at Cas, who was leaning forward scanning the desert. “Yes, once we get my pack, I can show you when we make camp tonight.” Cas promised, his voice grave.
Cas still looked shocked. “Was it just the clothes?” he asked.
Dean ran ahead and stopped in front of the truck they had stolen from Alistair's compound. It looked cleaner and in better condition than it had been. Dean turned to face Cas and held up a key on a ring.
They finished up the meal and paid the check, leaving Tommy a sizeable tip, along with a hug from Jack, much to the young man’s confusion.
Cas was a body length ahead as he slapped his palm against the end of the pool and raised his arms in celebration, Jack cheering and Sam joining in.
“I have to go.” he said sadly. “I- I love you.” he gripped Deans hand briefly and turned to get in the truck while Dean just stared open mouthed after him.
“Ellen is prepping for our heats like we're going into a siege situation.” said Charlie looking a little annoyed by that.
Dean had been so eager to get some sleep, he had simply undone and stepped out of his jeans on the way to his bed, kicking them off with a stumble before falling onto the mattress face first.
Dean looked offended. “It was between the cheeks, Sam. It was traumatic for me.” he whined, pointing at Sam with his fork.
“Did you hurt yourself? You okay?” said Dean, looking Cas over as if searching for injuries.
Dean silently groaned to himself. Cas was already changing into the clothes they had bought the day before. This week was going to be difficult alright.
He checked Sam over methodically, and correctly diagnosed concussion, dehydration and slight hypothermia. Sam's mouth and nose were still black with soot from the fire, so he was also suffering from smoke inhalation. The boy was in bad shape.
“I wanna get some fluids in you and warm you up a bit before I move you, son. I'll get some things from the truck, the dog will stay with you. Let him lay down next to you, his body heat will warm you up a bit.” Bobby stood and walked back to the truck. Sam barely registered Rumsfeld flopping his enormous body down next to him, placing his head in Sam's lap. Sam absently began stroking the dogs massive head and Rumsfeld was almost giddy from the attention, his tail stump wriggling madly and his tongue flicking out at intervals to lick Sam's hand.
“Okay.” Cas said, looking at him expectantly.
There will be new characters and a few surprises in store. *rubs hands together gleefully*
“Then look.” he said, raising an eyebrow in challenge.
“Cas?” he said quietly.
The Omegas had all been sleeping, but had woken at the door opening, terrified that Alistair was paying them a surprise visit. They were all in their beds, half sat up and confusion written on their faces and Dean hurried to shush them before they could begin asking questions. He turned to see Cas closing the door and taking up a guard position.
“Two, same goes if it rains, the track will make it difficult to turn in the mud and too slippery to reverse the whole way back.” he said, driving on a few more feet to give Sam enough room to turn the truck.
Sam put the groceries away. Cas hadn't done too bad of a job, they had the ingredients for spaghetti and he'd even bought ground meat for meatballs. He lifted up a wedge of Parmesan cheese and sniffed it. It was pretty good quality, Cas hadn't skimped on anything, he'd bought the best quality of everything they needed. Even the toilet paper was the fancy, soft kind, not the cheap 2-ply they usually grabbed. He chuckled at the thought of an angel comparing toilet paper in the aisle of the supermarket.
“I SAID, NO!” shouted Cas, shocking Benny who stared open mouthed at the furious Alpha in the bed.
“I take it he told you everything?” said Hannah, her tone cool.
“I wouldn't dream of it, Jack. I'll be right here when you get back. Just make sure you get all the icing off your face and brush your teeth.” he said, wagging a finger.
Looking at Sam, who was still shivering violently, he paused and seemingly made a decision.
He needed to look at a topographical map right away to confirm his suspicions.
Cas nodded gratefully, taking a sip of his tea. “It is, I'll take it gladly.” he stared at Dean who blushed and smiled shyly.
Horrified, Cas and Dean broke the kiss and Cas spun away to adjust his beard as Dean turned to see a very confused and tearful little boy who was glaring daggers at Santa, his little fists were bunched and he shook with anger.
They sat, just kissing until Dean broke off, his lips becoming chapped and his breath short.
“Uh, sort of.” Dean said, his cheeks flaring red.
The stranger chuckled “My name is Castiel, and I haven't rescued you yet, we still have to get out of here. Do you mind telling me who I am rescuing?” he looked at Dean, mildly amused.
“Yeah, same” said Dean with a chuckle then put on a falsetto voice and batted his eyelashes and waved his hands around “
Dean shook himself out of his stupor. “We were- Um, I’m not actually sure what that was, Jack. Give us a second, will ya kid?” he asked, standing on shaky legs.
They sat in silence, unwilling to ruin the peace of the last few days just yet by blaring Led Zeppelin from Baby’s speakers. Dean drove along the track carefully, cursing under his breath occasionally as he steered around the deepest ruts. Once they were on the logging road, Sam turned in his seat to face Dean with an expectant look.
Cas produced a tissue and began wiping his sons face. “What's the matter, little one? Do you have questions?” he asked, gently dabbing at the snot and tears.
Sam's eyes widened and he began to back away, not willing to be dragged into another of these arguments. He hurried towards the kitchen as Dean began winding himself up to reply. This one looked like it would be a doozy, Cas had hit Dean right in his most vulnerable spot. Dean took his masculinity very seriously. Sam thought that maybe he should find a reason to leave the bunker anyway. Outer Mongolia was probably nice this time of year.
“Okay, this is all the more reason for them to come to us. 'cause I ain't sittin' in that.” said Dean in disgust as he realised that the seat and floor were drenched in not just blood, but urine and faecal matter as well. Charlie screwed her face up in a grimace and nodded in agreement. She reached into the cab for the radio, desperately trying not to touch anything.
“Hey! I'm injured. If this is you fussing over me, I may have a few more objections.” whined the Alpha playfully, rubbing his shoulder.
Starting awake, Dean looked terrified for a second and Cas rushed to sooth him. “It's me, Cas. You're having a nightmare. You're safe, I promise.” said Cas, as his watery eyes finally spilled over and he continued running his hand through Deans hair.
Cas stepped forward and reached for Jack, who recoiled. “No! I want my Papa!” Jacks tantrum was in full sway now. He was a sunny child for the most part, and tantrums were rare, but when they happened they were spectacular.
Cas nodded.
One clever person asked "Who will drive them now?" Nice catch, glad to see you're paying attention. The whole fight scene was planned out in order to incapacitate the drivers, in order to set up an upcoming scene.
Cas looked down at himself. “Ah, yes. I see your point.” he said reluctantly, he looked to Dean anxiously.
“NO!” Dean barked out, surprising them both. “Please, don’t. I told you, I need you. I cant take it when you leave.” he added quietly, his heart racing at the thought of Cas walking away.
“Who is “they” and what exactly happened?” said Cas, running his hands through his hair in frustration.
“Oh. I remember
Cas panted against the back of his neck. “Me too. I’m close, it’s so good.” he almost growled.
A peace and quiet that was shattered rudely when a voice behind him demanded his attention.
“That's why I'm helping you, you big baby.” Dean said, rolling his eyes. “Now, what size pants do you wear?” he asked.
“I want you to find Lucifer's settlement.”
Cas huffed a laugh and then grimaced. “Sorry....stupid...question.” he groaned out.
Dean turned to face Cas with a warm smile. “He really was. I thought he’d stopped just to give us shit. But he really was just checkin’ to see if we were okay.” he sounded surprised.
“No. No, I'm sorry. It's just that Charlie thinks we're one of those sickly sweet couples that everyone pretends to hate but secretly loves. I just realised she's right. We totally are. It's sickening.” laughed Dean.
Sam's eyes were in danger of bulging out of his head at his brothers admission. It showed that something had been brewing for a long time in his head. He had mellowed for a few years, but just recently had seen a resurgence of his meat head tendencies and his temper was flaring more often.
“Dean, why are you laughing? Did I say something funny?” Cas looked completely baffled.
“I can't help it. I'm an angel. I notice everything. I don't always understand it, but I do notice. It has taken me many years to understand the majority of the things you and Sam do. It helped when I became human for a time. I found myself understanding a lot of things about humanity, and about myself. I loved humanity before, but now I find myself truly admiring you.” Cas said, he seemed a little shy to admit it, his voice almost at a whisper.
“Oh. Sorry Jess, it's nothing, really. I was just thinking again about what Dean will think about us. I know he'll love you, but he'll think he doesn't have a place in my life now that we're mated. When he's hurt, he gets angry and he has a tendency to let his mouth run before his brain kicks in.” said Sam, squeezing Jess a little tighter.
“Yeah, Cas. It's me. We're alone now. How're you doin'? I caught the end of the conversation and it sounds like it's pretty bad. Wanna tell me what happened?” said Dean gently.
Comments and Kudos are appreciated and keep me wanting to write.
The first one to speak was Charlie. “Holy shit. That is a lot of information to process.”
“Oh boy, do I remember that. Funniest thing I saw in my whole damn life!” laughed Bobby, leaning back in his chair, his eyes sparkling with amusement.
The Omegas had learned that the compound in which they were being kept was merely a stopping place until they neared their heats. When the first sweet notes of their spring heats entered their scents, they would be taken and traded to the highest bidder. Dean would be especially valuable as he was a male Omega, extremely rare and even rarer, untouched by an Alpha.
Cas held back a laugh as Balthazar huffed in the passenger seat. He was still damp from being put out in the rain, but he'd cheered up considerably when Cas had put the truck heater on and had not been able to hold back his curiosity about Dean. Cas filled Balthazar in on where he'd been, the rescue, the bandit attack, his injury and recovery. Balthazar had refrained from teasing Cas about his obvious affection for the Omega, wisely sensing that he was on thin ice with the Alpha as it was.
Cas shifted and Dean got his first real look at the wound on his side. It was smaller than he expected, the stitches small and neat. Eventually, the scar would be barely noticeable.
Dean and Charlie both chuckled at Sam's antics.
Jack gasped. Santa was actually here! He'd managed to fool Daddy that he was actually asleep and so now he might miss out on meeting Santa. Jack decided that maybe he should wake up from his pretend sleep, so that he could meet Santa and they would still think he was a good boy.
Cas went pink. “You really liked it?” he asked, looking pleased.
Castiel relaxed suddenly, as if realising that Dean was misinterpreting his anger, he looked abashed and rushed to reassure Dean. “Dean, I wouldn't expect you to. I'm not angry with you. I'm suddenly wishing I could throw every single one of those animals into that well with that piece of filth down there already. It wasn't my original intention to mount a rescue, but I guess that plans change. Of course we won't leave them.” he grabbed Deans shoulder and looked at him earnestly, suddenly noticing how very green Deans eyes were.
Charlie just cried and burrowed further into Dean's arms. Dean looked up and met Bobby's eyes as the Alpha looked furious in the doorway. Dean stiffened and Charlie looked up at Dean and turned to face Bobby.
“Pulled down a lot of game this past few days, more than enough for winter for all of us, if you change your mind and decide to stay.” said Bobby as he watched John take a deep gulp from the flask.
He slowed down the kiss, before pulling back and looking at Dean with a slightly dopey expression.
“Oh, fuck off.” laughed Dean as Jess approached the back of the truck, Jo and Bobby just behind her.
As promised. Chapter two is here. Poor Cas overhears a conversation and misunderstands completely, leaving him hurting. Dean has struggles of his own, his new policy of emotional honesty bites him on the ass and he worries he may lose the best friend he's ever had.
Cas was the first to break this time, he let out a deep chuckle that shook the whole bed as Dean scowled at him like he had betrayed him.
Hi!  *waves*  Check me out! Two chapters in one week. I've never felt more organised in my life.
Cas arched a brow and tilted his head questioningly “What about it?” he said, staring the other Alpha down.
Sam ran his hands over his face and pushed his hair back, stretching his torso and yawning widely. “I'm gonna hit the shower, and then make a run to town for groceries. Anything you want in particular?” he asked, looking at Dean who was now massaging his temples.
“No, it was before I lived at the bunker, long before we knew the bunker existed actually.” Cas said, sitting up and crossing his legs.
Dean smiled and pressed a hand onto Cas' shoulder, running it down to his elbow in a comforting gesture. “Okay, I'll grab a couple of t-shirts and then you can go try some these on while I find you some boots, 'kay?” he said, patting Cas on the shoulder.
Dean felt like a dick. It
************
“Good. If all goes well today, we are going to head back to Bobby's tomorrow. It all depends on you. The journey is going to be hard on you so my plan is to dose you up and you'll sleep for most of the trip. Bobby wants all of the injured in his truck as it's the most reliable vehicle. Everyone else will be in the other truck. We're hoping that we can do the journey in one go.” Jess explained as she set up her things next to Cas' bed. That sounded like a solid plan to Cas. He sat still as Jess carefully examined him, answering all of her questions and complying with all of her requests. She finished re-bandaging his wound and smiled. “No sign of infection, you're healing really fast, if you keep going at this rate, you'll be back on your feet properly in a month.”
“I see it. We made good time, still a little light left. Would'a hated tryin' to find this place in the dark.” said Bobby, steering to park behind the slightly worse for wear truck Dean had described.
“Hey, it's Gordon, right?” said Dean, sweeping the sawdust from the bench with a small brush.
Dean let out the breath he hadn’t realised he’d been holding. “I’m still pretty messed up. I should probably get my head together before I commit to him properly.” he said, not liking the sound of it.
“I'm okay, man. I'm not drunk.” Dean said, swaying alarmingly. He frowned, then shrugged. “Okay, so I'm a lil' bit drunk. I should probably sit down, you mind?” he said, pointing to the chair, forgetting that Cas had just offered him the same thing.
Sam shrugged. “No-one is stopping you, Dean. But we only brought 24 beers to last the week between all of us. So the choice is yours.” he said, wishing they’d brought more beer himself, if only to stop Dean whining.
“Well, I can see why if he's hitting you.” said Jess with a mock serious look “Really Dean? Picking on the injured? I thought better of you.”
Jack opened his eyes and sat up, with a wide fake yawn. “Daddy, I was asleep, but now I'm awake, can I see Santa?” he asked sweetly.
“I am now, Garth. I'm alright now.”
Dean grimaced. “Guess I cant just hand him some magazines in a brown paper bag and tell him not to make me a grandpa like Dad did, huh?” he chuckled.
“Cas, I’m sorry.” Dean said, his own voice cracking. “I know it seems like I’m toying with you. I promise you, I’m not. I don’t
“Sounds like Chuck alright.” Dean grumbled.
*******************
Charlie doubled over, laughing so hard that tears ran down her face. “There's something really wrong with us, isn't there?” she said, wheezing.
“Aww hell, I'm sorry kids. I'm just giving you a hard time. I'm happier than a dog with two tails for ya. Now, can someone make some breakfast? I wasn't jokin' about having a ton of shit to do, and daylights burnin'.” Bobby's tone was gruff, but he smiled as he stood up to put the book away that he had been pretending to read.
Dean rolled his eyes. “I won't know till I look at it, but it's probably just worn brakes.” he sighed. “Look, come with me. I'll show you what I'm talking about.” he said, grabbing the angels arm and pulling. “I wanna talk to you about something anyway.” he muttered lowly.
Sam looked stunned and ashamed at Dean's outburst. “Dean, I'm sorry. I don't know what to say.” he said quietly, his voice cracking with emotion. “I just wanted to help. I swear, I thought I was helping you.” he begged.
Hanging up the mic, Dean ran his hand down his face, he wasn't comfortable with Cas going up against Uriel, he'd only just recovered from the last fight in which he'd nearly lost his life. He knew that leaving Uriel to his own devices was not an option. If he had gone so far as to kill the Omegas and children, well, who knows what he could be capable of. So Dean had given Cas his blessing, knowing that Cas would face him no matter what he said, if he'd disagreed, Cas would go into the fight distracted. At least this way, he'd be focussed on Uriel.
“I realised that one of Bobby's contacts is in my old clan. So I radioed them. I wanted to know how my mom was, she was really sick when they threw me out and I hoped that maybe she was well enough to come here, I could look after her, y'know?” she took a shuddered breath and sobbed harder.
Benny released him and patted him on the shoulder. “Looking good, chief. Bet that gave you quite the scare, that smell always got to me too. Never could stomach it. Don't worry, we'll get 'em outside in the fresh air in a bit an' give your nose a bit of a break.” he said kindly. Cas frowned and nodded. He looked over to the other side of the tent to see Dean curled into a ball whimpering and Sam hunched over a bowl, dry retching. Benny chuckled and stood up “I'm gonna go check the traps I set yesterday, see if we caught anything. I'll see y'all later.” he nodded to Jess and walked out of the tent.
Jack nodded enthusiastically. “Yes, Daddy, I promise.” he said, already scrambling out of bed, his pyjamas twisting up around his body.
Sam bit his lip to prevent himself from laughing as Jack flounced out of the room in a sulk.
Cas had made great strides in his recovery. Jess had encouraged gentle exercise, and Cas had begun with some light training. Dean had very nearly choked when he walked out onto the porch to see the rest of the Omegas watching Cas do a series of yoga poses in nothing but a pair of linen pants. Sam had expressed an interest and so had Charlie and Jo. The next day saw all of them on Bobby's lawn doing a series of stretches that made Dean's eyes water just to look at them.
They were inside Alistair's quarters, they were not grand by any stretch of the imagination. The floor and surfaces were filthy, the furniture dingy and the smell of unwashed Alpha permeated everything. Dean had to hold his mouth to prevent himself gagging at the stench. Cas with his superior Alpha sense of smell had to bury his nose in the crook of his elbow.
Sam let out a deep breath through his nostrils. “Even if I completely give up hunting, what about Mom? How are you gonna convince her to stop? What would she even do?” he said, his voice raising as he too became angry.
Jack tilted his head to the side. “Will he be back in time to meet Santa?” he asked, concerned that his Papa was missing out.
“Whoa! No! That is
“I completely agree with everything you just said.” Cas said dryly as he reached out to steady the wobbling toddler with a hand on his back.
“I haven’t just kissed someone like that since I was a teenager.” he panted, slightly consternated that he’d somehow ended up virtually sitting in Cas’ lap.
“G'night, bitch” murmured Dean. Sam chuckled and burrowed into his pillow muttering “G'night, jerk”.
“Sam, it's not your fault. You have to know that. It's not. I'm home now. That's all that matters.”
“Oh, okay. Well, I just came to tell you that Jess will be in to give you some medicine in a moment. I'm just gonna put Garth to bed, then I'll come back for Dean. Okay?” He whispered, adjusting his stance as Garth stirred with a groan.
“I apologise, Mary.” Cas said, ushering Mary in the door and taking the tray of coffees she held in one hand.
Cas nodded. “My..son wants to go, and my friends are joining us. They have previous experience.” he reassured the man.
An hour later found them all at the kitchen table, enthusiastically digging into chicken and potatoes, whilst Rumsfeld snored and drooled on Dean's feet. The wood burning stove and hurricane lanterns casting a soft light and a gentle warmth through the room.
Cas and Dean gave each other guilty looks.
“ I get it. Even those that don't treat ya like possessions are afraid of the people that will, so they push you out. Not to make assumptions or nuthin', but for Omegas, that's a cruelty. You guys thrive on being surrounded by loved ones. It must've been lonely.” said Benny carefully.
Cas frowned. “What happened?” he growled.
Dean huffed a laugh. “You sure he won’t get cramp? Maybe we should have picked up some floaties for the kid.” he joked.
“So. I take it you both talked? Figured some stuff out, I hope?” she said, sitting down at the tiny table against the wall and opening the box of donuts.
Dean nodded, something inside slotted into place. It would be almost cruel to exclude Cas from being there for him. Holding him at arms length while Dean worked on getting better would be akin to torture.
Dean nodded. “It doesn’t bother you? Me and Cas?” he asked.
Dean looked up at his brother. “I think I’m about to get laid.” he said, his eyes wide.
Cas grimaced as he remembered more vividly than he wanted to, considering he was currently eating.
“Kind of sad our trip is almost over, but man, I’m looking forward to a decent shower and my own bed.” said Dean, loading the last of their things onto Cas’ truck.
“Of course it's a yes, you dork.” he rolled his eyes but smiled as Cas cradled his face reverently.
Dean gripped the angels hand, grateful for the lifeline.
. She kicked my ass up and down that garden, throwing anything she could pick up in my direction,when she couldn't reach me to whack me that is. The noise attracted people from the other side of the settlement, it was such a ruckus. So the entire settlement watched your mama beat my ass as I whimpered like a beaten dog. I had no sympathy from anyone. They were all relying on your mama's medicines too. But the ass whoopin' I got from her was bad enough that it stopped anyone else thinking about kicking my ass, they figured I'd been punished enough.”
Cas closed his eyes and dropped his head. “I never knew any of this.” he said, his voice almost a whisper.
“Aww, Hell!” said Bobby, almost running to the radio. “Go get Sam and Jess” he barked at Garth, who nodded and ran off.
Sam threw the books he was holding onto the bed and flopped his 6ft 4in frame down next to them, running his hands through his long hair in exasperation and dropping his head into his hands, his long hair falling to to cover his face and his shoulders tight.
“Oh, sweetheart. I'm so sorry. What a fuckin' shitty way to break that sort of news.” said Dean, angry on her behalf.
Dean flushed again and shook himself out of his stupor. “Yeah, just.. uh.. hot. It’s hot out! Yeah, The day, it’s hot.” he stammered out, stupidly.
“I'll be back as soon as I can. Be good.” he said arching an eyebrow.
Daddy stepped into the room behind Jack. “Hey, buddy. What's with the tears? Did you get a little too excited?” he said scooping Jack up into his arms and squeezing him tight.
Matthew decided that Cas needed a closer look and attempted to climb onto the bed. Getting frustrated when he couldn't quite make it. So Cas lifted him and placed him next to himself against the pillows on the opposite side to his wound.
“Balthazar! What are you... What are you doing here?” said Cas, lowering the blade and looking around in confusion.
“Hey, dude. Just wanted to check on you. Felt a bit guilty havin' fun out there with you stuck on your own in here. You doin' okay? Need anythin'?” he said, swaying slightly and taking two attempts to lean on the door frame without missing.
“Wow, and you say that I have bad table manners.” said Dean, pointedly before answering Sam's question. “Garth tells me there are twelve coming, mostly Betas but a couple of Alphas too. They start arriving in a couple of days.”
Dean squirmed. “Sort of? We kind of got interrupted.”
Still blushing, Dean cleared his throat. “I got no clue, dude. She's bein' weird.” he lied.
Almost all of the guards had run towards the gates at the commotion and Castiel took his chance, darting out from behind the truck and ducking into the wooden building, it's door left half open in the tall Alphas haste to check on the commotion. He took a shaky breath and surveyed the room, letting his eyes adjust to the dark.
“The poltergeist case in DC? Yeah, that was a messy case from start to finish. I’ve never seen so much ectoplasm. What made you think of that?” Dean asked, picking up a stone and putting it down again when Cas shook his head.
“WOO HOO!” screamed Dean and he pumped his fist as the other gripped the steering wheel as the truck bounced along at top speed. “Everybody good back there?” he called through the tiny window in the back of the cabin.
“This, Cas, is the daddy of coolers. We can fit up to sixty beers in this sucker and they'll still be cool eight hours later.” Dean said, admiring a large red and white box on display at the outdoors man outlet.
Dean arched an eyebrow. “Hmmm. Shouldn't I be sitting in Santa's lap when you ask me that question?” he flirted back.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Right, now that we've all held hands and sung kumbaya, can we decide on where we're gonna go?
He looked up, trying to see the person at the top, but whoever it was, had no lantern and was invisible in the darkness.
Jack wondered how he would actually ride the bike (if Santa left it) as when Jack had sat on Papa's bike one time with Daddy's help, he hadn't been able to reach the pedals or the handlebars. Maybe the bike would be smaller? Jack hoped so. If he got a bike, maybe he would be able to go to work at the hospital with Papa in the mornings instead of going to kindergarten. Making sick people better sounded like more fun than going to kindergarten. Although he hoped they still got cookies and milk at snack time, that was the best part of the day in Jacks opinion.
Jack nodded. “Okay, Castiel is in his room, changing his clothes. He said Jody gave him a cover for the truck bed, and he dumped the hay in a cow field so most of the camping gear can go in the truck.” he said as he began to walk away.
There are three others. I'm not leaving without them.” said Dean, suddenly fearful that Cas would try to force him to abandon the others.
Cas rolled his eyes and pulled himself out of the recliner. “I’ve got this.” he said, taking Jack by the arm and guiding him into Sam’s room.
He couldn't understand where these feelings had come from. They had been best friends for a decade and now suddenly Dean was hot for the angel? He'd seen Cas in other clothes before, hell, he'd seen the guy naked. Although the massive swarm of bees had taken up the majority of his attention at the time, admittedly.
“I think I want this, us. But, I need time.” he said quietly. “I’m tryin’ to get my head around it. That we can have this.”
Benny dropped down next them, a pair of skinned rabbits ready to cook over the embers were in his big hands. He looked exhausted.
Cas smiled. “In case you hadn’t noticed, I’m ageing too. Since my powers have been diminished, my vessel is now susceptible to time and it’s effects. I will grow old with you, Dean.” he said with a chuckle.
You're welcome.
“He ain’t Rainman either.” Sam muttered under his breath.
Cas tugged the beard down under his chin and gave Dean his best smoulder. “Once Jack is asleep, I think I can arrange that.” he said huskily.
Dean felt a warmth in his chest that Cas and Sam both obviously cared about each other.
Rolling to a crouch, Castiel inspected his meagre supplies. Food was scarce this time of year, but he was an accomplished survivalist. If one wasn't too squeamish and you were hungry enough, many things could be considered food. Although, Castiel really missed fresh baked bread right now.
“Did you not hear Jess? You can't come in here, Dean.” growled Ellen as she blocked him.
Cas looked around briefly before touching two fingers to Jacks temple, easing the nausea with a touch of grace. “Better?” he asked a relieved looking Jack.
Feeling the familiar pressure in his bladder, he shuffled to the edge of the bed and swung his legs over the edge, gasping as his bare feet made contact with the cold concrete floor.
“The meat is ready, there is some flat bread and goat cheese in the bag, and water in the flask. Once the girls come back, I think I'll take a bath myself. I imagine after you've eaten you'll want the same?”
Dean bristled and stared incredulously at his giant brother before looking around the decaying room, furniture barely holding together, stained carpet and wallpaper peeling and faded to the point that there was no discernible pattern.
“Jack. Jack it's me, look it's Papa. I'm here.” he soothed, as Jack screamed and then went silent in shock.
Sam looked thoughtful. “I guess. I suppose one of us should take the next turn when Jack has
Jack sat up in Cas' arms, and stared at both of his fathers. “Okay.” he said in a small voice, his expression was confused.
Cas looked thoughtful. “Since Jack arrived in our lives I have been trying to give him experiences outside of hunting. He is so young still, I want him to enjoy living in the world that we save on a regular basis. In doing so, I am experiencing these things for myself. Jody and I took the younger ones bowling last night. It was.. interesting.” he said, taking a sip of his beer.
Dean grinned. “Thanks, buddy. You saved Sam a trip, he was just gonna go and grab some stuff.” he said, standing up with a groan.
Cas chuckled, it was obvious from the look on Jess' face that she wasn't really mad at the two Omegas, but they had scared her with their reckless behaviour and so felt the punishment was just.
Dean looked guilty and Sam sighed. Neither of them liked the reminder that their friend had been homeless and starving for a time.
Cas let out a bitter laugh that reminded Dean of Zachariah's version of Cas in 2014. Hopeless, bitter and hurting.
*Warning for mentions of Mpreg. (If you don't like it, why are you reading an A/B/O fic?)
“I’ll stay with you.” Cas replied with a shrug.
“I don't know who was more shocked. There I was preparing to die because the woman I loved was murdered, and she walks in the room. Then I noticed the mating bite. I broke. I begged her to tell me who her Alpha was, I told her I'd kill him and we'd leave together. We could be a family at last. I wanted to save her from being a slave. It's been known to happen before.” Benny's voice was wobbling now, and he choked back a sob.
Dean chose four pairs of jeans of varying designs and sizes and dumped them into Cas' arms, before moving on to a rail of flannels. He dug through them, pulling several out and turning around to see that Cas had wandered off again to look at a crossbow hung on the wall.
“Okay, I get it. I'm allowed to have a breakdown. I'll make a note in my diary, maybe pencil one in once a week.” said Dean, jokingly.
“Fuck yeah! Lets see if we can find Bobby on this thing.” he began to click through the channels one by one, until the static cleared and he spoke into the handheld mic
“Ugh, I can't wait until my arm is better, tryin' to do stuff with my other hand fuckin' sucks. I've actually got mud in my ear, man.” laughed Dean. “Nearly fell in the toilet tryin' to wipe my ass.”
“That sounds expensive. Not like anyone pays us, Cas. We got the recliners in the Dean cave and they are fine for us. Should I start shopping for doilies and scatter cushions next?” Dean sneered nastily, grabbing the grocery bag from the table and walking towards the kitchen.
As always, your comments and kudos keep me going. Thank you.
As always comments and Kudos are food for my blackened and withered ego. *puppy eyes*
“Not as such, no. If they happen to find me, I'm a dead man. But it'd draw too much attention to be actively lookin' for me. Sorento got lucky is all. Saw the opportunity to impress the old man. So, if you'll allow it, I'd like to stay.”
“Fuck!” he said, bringing his hands up to cover his face as a sob escaped.
“No, I swear. He walked out of that changing room and I swear, it was like.. like Whoa! He just looked so good. I was confused, because its Cas,
“Castiel! Oh thank god!” Hannah began running towards her twin as he stepped towards her.
“Come on, Dad's out cold for the night, but let me introduce you to the rest of the fam. Kali is gonna love you and the kids will eat you alive. Or is it the other way around? Let's find out!” said Gabe, bouncing towards the Winnebago excitedly, like a puppy off the leash.
“What's wrong?” he asked quietly.
“Yeah, not my finest moment. Sorry.” said Cas sheepishly. “Can I hug you?” he held his arms open, looking hopeful and Dean forgave him instantly and threw himself into the Alphas arms with enough force to make Cas grunt with the impact and scrabble for balance on the rail before he almost tipped over and landed on the dirt.
Charlie looked slightly awed at the turn of events. “You did, I'm sorry I didn't believe you.” she smiled happily and continued “So, Bobby and Sam seem pretty awesome, I can't wait to meet them in person.”
He surmised that this was probably the case for all of the male Betas. It made him sick to his stomach.
“Thank you, Castiel. For helping Dean. For bringing my brother back to me. I'll never be able to repay you.” said Sam, gravely.
Cas panicked and grabbed the back of Deans shirt, pulling him out from where Dean effectively had his head in Cas' lap whilst reaching to the floor. “Eyes on the road, Dean!” he growled as Dean tugged the wheel sharply to the left to correct the drift. “I thought you said you could drive?” snapped Cas.
Cas stood still, allowing Dean to wind the scarf properly and even button the jacket. “Don't worry, I promised you I'd avenge your death. I keep my promises.” he said, dryly.
Cas let out a dark chuckle. “Told you.” he said sounding smug.
Dean felt all of the fear fall away at the happiness radiating from the angel.
Sam sucked in a breath and looked down at his feet, shame on his features.
Cas nodded. “Absolutely.”
“Thank you, I actually feel a lot bett-Wait, yesterday?” said Cas, confused.
Dean felt a rush of relief. “Thank fuck.” he breathed. “I thought I fucked up.”
Charlie spoke first, her voice barely more than a whisper.
Dean risked a look behind him and burst out laughing at the Omegas who were tangled in a heap after being thrown around by the rough ride. Poor Amy was looking a little sick, Charlie looked furious and Jo was cackling and doing a victory dance, balanced on her knees and pumping her fists in the air.
Hi! *waves*
“Just don’t get grease all over my cards.” Sam said, grimacing in disgust as Dean balled up the cheese and put it in his mouth.
Dean could feel himself getting hard, his dick pressing against Cas ass as the angel pushed back, giving him a little friction to work with. Dean broke the kiss, moving to the soft skin of Cas’ neck, just behind his jaw. Cas’ breath hitched as Dean nipped it and his hips twitched automatically, pushing forward and revealing that he too, was hard as he pressed his cock against Deans stomach.
“Gabriel.” Cas' voice sounded strained to his own ears.
He breathed a sigh of relief as the car came into view, pulling into the long driveway and he recognised the occupants, the Winchesters.
Sam chuckled. “That's a given wherever we go, Cas. Not just here.” he shrugged.
Jack sat up and looked around. “Where is my Papa? He should be here.” he asked, looking worried.
“Oh, so your parents were a true mating? Not everyone in the clan trades Omegas?” said Sam, frowning.
Hearing the door open, Dean looked up to see Charlie stepping out onto the porch with Rumsfeld, who promptly flopped down in a patch of sun and dozed as Charlie handed Dean a cup of tea and sat down next to him on the porch swing.
“Jack, uh. That’s um.” Sam struggled for words, squirming in place.
“Okay. Before we get to your brakes, I want to clear the air, we're about to go on a family camping trip and something's going on with you. You've barely said a word since the store and you look miserable. Did I do something wrong? Is it what Kitty said? You're my best friend, man. After what you said the other night about noticing stuff, I realised I should be doin' the same for you. When I said I need a break, I meant from bullshit, not just the life.” he said, looking at the angel.
“Uh, I'm not sure that we can get you one of those anytime soon, baby. Papa and I will talk about it and we'll see about maybe a brother or sister in a few years, Okay?” said Dean, trying not to panic.
Dean picked the book up and flicked through until he found the diagram Sam was talking about. He studied it for a moment before laughing out loud.
“Hey, guys. Pools open till ten pm, when I go off duty. Then I gotta close up and cover the pool, okay?” the young guy said cheerily.
“No, Cas. You're right. You said it in a really blunt and shitty way, but, you're right. We have to trust that Dean will let us help him.” he said, reluctantly.
Garth strolled out of the kitchen with Matthew on his hip, making the child squeal with laughter as he bounced him around.
He read aloud, his deep voice taking on a soft cadence. The only other sounds were the occasional loud laugh from the kitchen or a log spitting and popping on the fire.
Cas raised an eyebrow. “Yes, I can see how romance is at the very core of your being.” he dead panned.
Castiel caught her in a hug as she slammed into him.
Matthew squealed and broke out into baby chatter as if he was giving his own version of events and Cas nodded along. “Oh yes, the book was interesting wasn't it? Of course I'll ask Bobby if he has any others.” he said seriously to the small child, who smiled , showing off his four teeth and batting the Alphas arm excitedly.
Cas let the truck down gently and frowned at the grease and dirt on his palm. “How long will it take?” he asked Sam.
Cas rolled his eyes and Jack looked amused.
“Okay son, I think you'll end up wearing this if you try to feed yourself, so we're gonna do it together, okay?” he said gently, he looked as if he was expecting Sam to protest, so was a little surprised when none came. Sam just nodded, his logical mind overriding his pride.
Cas gave him a bitch face that rivalled Sam’s. “You did. It doesn’t mean I’m going to leave, Dean.” he said snarkily.
“You talked to Cas about it?” said Sam, looking confused and Dean blushed.
Cas took pity on him. “Jack, masturbation is normal and healthy, but it can cause embarrassment to people when brought up outside of a private conversation.” he chided mildly.
Deans heartbeat thudded in his ears and he felt sick with anticipation, he prayed that this was not some cruel joke being played by Alistair. He sensed rather than saw the cradle coming down the shaft, the darkness preventing him from judging it's exact position. He stood back slightly and held out his arm to steady the cradle as it breached the bottom of the well shaft. He called out as quietly as he could to alert the person above to stop the winch, it stopped almost immediately.
Cas pulled off his cock, sucking right to the tip before letting go and making Deans legs twitch with the oversensitivity.
Castiel scowled as he went over the speech in his head, Michael was probably right in his assumptions on the rogue clan, and his security review was wise. But the way he had talked about the Omegas as if they were just another commodity, like the medical supplies or food stocks had his jaw clenching in anger.
Bobby had a theory that it was why forced matings were so prevalent. After all, an Omega dying after a forced mating, would have no physical affect on the Alpha. It may be upsetting, even devastating, but it wouldn't possibly
.” she chuckled. “He’s here with you, so what happened?”
“Bobby will kill us if we keep sneaking off, but I suppose it's worth it.” said Sam, grabbing Jess by the hand and heading back to the house at a run. Both of them giggling madly.
Sam was getting desperate, Dean was relying on him to save him. With not even the first clue where to start, Sam wondered how he was going to achieve that.
“So, are you feeling up to doing anything today? I've done most of the chores, I promised Bobby I'd go through some of the salvage on the west side of the yard. He got some pre-collapse stuff in a trade a few weeks ago and hasn't gone through it yet. I can do that today, unless you still need me? I can do it tomorrow instead?” said Dean as he ripped off a piece of flat bread and stuffed it in his mouth.
“I love you.” Cas mumbled, pressing a kiss onto Deans neck.
They'll have a proper conversation in a later chapter. For reasons (I do actually have a plan, pinky swear!).
“How did you get Dean's gun?” Bobby demanded angrily. “He'd never let that gun out of his sight!”
Somehow he had managed to disturb a rattlesnake by pissing into its burrow. Fuck.
Dean had to stifle his own laugh and Jess smiled widely.
“So, we're all just gonna forgive him? Ah, well. He
Cas nodded. “Wouldn’t you?” he asked, his eyes dark.
Ellen stood up from where she had been checking Jo's injuries and approached Cas, kneeling in front of him. She was gentle as she opened his jacket to look at his injury, but Cas hissed as he tried to move to give her a better view.
Cas and Jack both grinned, Dean was momentarily taken aback at how eerily similar they were. He wondered not for the first time whether Jack had chosen to look like Cas as his chosen father. No one would question Jacks parentage looking at them both together. They even shared similar expressions.
“That's good to hear. Too many parents these days don't pay attention, then the kid grows up without basic decency and with hate in their hearts. Then we end up with a god-damn reality star as president.” Jake said with a sigh.
“Bobby Singer’s book collection was almost a match for the Men of Letter’s bunker.” Cas commented.
reason for forced matings, but it was a partial explanation. He often wondered why it was different for Omegas, they didn't suffer the same physical reaction when the Alpha died. Maybe one day someone would figure it out, probably long after his time.
He noticed how thick and long Cas’ lashes were, a slight scar on his top lip, almost unnoticeable in the deep cracks of the angels permanently chapped mouth. His strong jaw, shadowed with stubble and his neck, the skin smooth in contrast. He wondered briefly how soft that skin would feel on his lips and almost sighed.
“I’m sorry that my inattention to the trucks condition has held us up. Now we’ll be late to meet your mother.” Cas said, looking guilty.
“That’s what I like to hear. Real out of the box thinking.” Dean said, grinning.
Their faces were inches apart. Dean could see the dark blue of the Alphas eyes and the sincerity in them.
Sam looked serious for a moment. “Take it slow with the sex side of things. He hasn’t got much experience, it’s what leads to misunderstandings like this.” he warned.
Cas shrugged. “Perhaps, but they are equally important to me, and that is what matters.” he said, pressing two fingers to Deans head and sending him to sleep before he could answer.
“You’re scared. And that’s alright. But when you saved the world, you were scared and you did it anyway. This is nothing compared.” Mary said softly.
Bobby returned with a large flask of water, a blanket and a mismatch of clothes.
“What was left had been got at by animals and there wasn't even enough left to bury or identify. There were so many different scents, from them, the bandits and the animals, I couldn't even pick one out, let alone identify hers. But I found the bracelet I made her.” his eyes looked hard and cold.
“You miss it?” said Dean, looking questioningly at Benny.
“You have credit cards, put them to use. Do you have any more excuses I can refute? Or will you just drop the crap for once?” Cas rumbled out, rolling his eyes and sighing heavily. He looked done with it all.
Sam nodded, a look of real fear mixed with relief on his face. “Uh, yeah. Lemme just get my things and the rooms all yours.” he said quickly, bumping into the door frame in his haste to flee.
to save him. He's smart your brother, he pretends he's not, but he's one of the smartest people I know. He didn't betray you by pushing you through that trapdoor, he was ensuring that
“Fine. Although I apparently scare off any potential suitors with my 'creepy vibe' so I am no longer allowed to accompany her to bars.” Cas grumbled, placing the other bag on the table. “I noticed you were running low on some things, so I stopped in town on my way back. I hope that was okay.” he said, digging through the bag and holding up a tube of toothpaste and a stick of deodorant, both of which were their usual brands
“Okay, so we’ve both got a solid plan for retirement, right?” Dean said, glancing over at his brother.
It was difficult, but between them they managed to get Sam cleaned up and into a fresh set of clothes. They were the wrong sizes, but better than what he had been wearing. Bobby had built up the fire and they were all huddled in the open door of the trailer, wrapped in blankets. It was beginning to get dark, Sam was struggling to stay awake. Bobby patted him on the shoulder.
Bobby stood and clicked his fingers to summon Rumsfeld, ordering him to sit with Sam.
He took a moment to watch Deans face relax, the tension falling from his features and making him look younger. He was suddenly overcome with the urge to drop a kiss onto Deans now smooth brow. He chuckled at the absurd image it brought up and stood.
Cas huffed a laugh and groaned as a white hot shaft of pain rolled up his side.
Castiel sighed with satisfaction and looked out proudly over his greatest accomplishment. Up here in the mountains, food and medicine were hard to come by. Trading with other clans only brought in so much when there were few natural resources and the clan had struggled previously. Castiel had been given the job of improving stocks and supplies, a task that most of the clan had expected him to fail. He had jumped at the chance and had improved the food supply to the point that they had a surplus for trading.
Benny smiled and nodded. “No problem, I'd do the same in your position.” he nodded to Charlie, who ran off towards the outcropping.
“Thanks, Jake.” Dean called out, steering Cas towards the jeans.
Cas grinned wolfishly.
It was so hard to write that many people running around in the same scene, I think it worked. I'm rather proud of it.
Also, I swear I wrote this before the latest episode aired, I finished this chapter almost a week ago and I'm part way through the next. Any similarities are pure coincidence, but still frickin spooky.
Cas took a seat and opened a beer for himself, he sat slouched with one arm draped over the back of the chair as he took a deep gulp of the cold brew. Dean and Sam began to eat with appreciative noises.
Dean lifted his ass, trying to meet Cas thrust for thrust, he could feel his own cock dragging on the comforter as Cas rhythm was thrown off briefly. It took a couple of seconds but they settled back into a steady pounding rhythm that made Dean’s breath come out in tiny gasps.
He straightened the blankets of what for the last two months had been his bed and flopped face down, fully dressed in jeans, plaid shirt and boots with one arm tucked under the pillow as Sam did the same on his bed.
It was Bobby's turn to roll his eyes. “I said so, didn't I? We'll find somethin' for you to do. What was you did in your clan anyway?” he said gruffly.
Hi! *waves*
he said the words quietly, but the impact was not lessened in the slightest.
Jess looked up and her eyebrows shot up in surprise. “Infused oil for the lantern? That is absolutely genius, Bobby.” she beamed as Bobby blushed a little.
Some much needed fluff. Family fun for everyone! In which Cas has to give Jack "the talk" because Sammy is too chicken to do it. Dean is more infatuated with Cas than he realised and Jack learns a lesson in moderation.
Ellen looked up sharply, her anger had been evident all day in the way she spoke to the Alpha, in short clipped sentences and with her fingers hovering near her gun.
Cas beamed at the reference. “I understand.” he nodded.
Cas was an extremely patient teacher, explaining each move as he made it and its possible uses and the different combinations. Jess and Benny picked it up very quickly, Jess was fast and nimble and Benny was a powerhouse, yet the style of fighting Cas used somehow suited them both. The movements were quick, brutal and efficient, no movement was wasted. What surprised everybody the most was how Garth somehow knew the same style and was almost as proficient as Cas. His lanky gait and awkwardness seemed to vanish as he performed a series of kicks and spins so gracefully he barely seemed to make contact with the ground. Cas was delighted to have a fellow practitioner and they did a small demonstration side by side showing the various katas in action.
Bobby cleared his throat, getting Cas' attention. “Before we even knew about you or your mission, we had a plan of our own to form a militia. Like, an alliance with other clans to protect ourselves from raiders. I figure the more we know, the better prepared we'll be. I ain't sayin' that your plan ain't gonna work, I'm just a real big believer in havin' a plan B.” he said, gruffly.
Cas rolled his eyes, indicated the truck and whispered “Then I hope you can drive, because I can't.”
Amy looked at Ellen who had lost her angry expression at some point halfway through Benny's story and was looking thoughtful.
Cas looked thoughtful. “But I thought you were not attracted to me before? I thought it was only once you saw me in those clothes?” he asked, his expression a mixture of nervous and confused.
Cas looked thoughtful. “Jack would like to go camping in the wilderness. I confess I have no idea what we need in order to do that. I looked up camping supplies on the internet and the list of items was, frankly exhaustive and bewildering. Taking that much with you surely defeats the purpose, no?” he looked utterly confused.
“Thank you. I just want you to be my brother again. I want you and Jess to have those moose babies you talked about. Maybe I'll find a mate, raise some babies of my own. I want to live without the shadow of that place hanging over me. Y'know? Like Cas said, I'm a survivor, not a victim.” said Dean, with a small smile.
Dean was similarly absorbed in his findings. He had even found a few engineering manuals in amongst the seemingly random pieces of machinery and resolved to read them later. He had found some items that would be ideal for the car. The first being a CB radio. He knew his father would be over the moon about that one. Contact with settlements for them was sporadic at best and at worst, non existent. With a CB radio, they could be warned ahead of time of possible rogue clan movements and plan accordingly. Of course, Bobby's own CB radio range only went so far. Dean pondered on that for a while, he had some ideas on boosting the range of both radios. It would help Bobby's network immensely if a
At the scent of food, the girls almost ran back to the fire, where Cas began handing out the meat skewers and finally taking one for himself.
“Dean?” he said, confused.
He was cut off when Cas kissed him suddenly. In his surprise, he found himself kissing back before his brain kicked in. Cas kissed just like he did everything else, single minded, ruthless and devastating. When Dean’s back hit the side of the truck he barely noticed, his world had narrowed down to the way Cas pressed against him and the clever tongue tangling with his own, his toes curling as Cas poured his whole being into the kiss.
Dean sniggered and then scowled as Ellen smacked the back of his head. “Ow! Fuck sake!” he muttered.
Dean gasped “ Garth? Garth, you magnificent bastard! I could kiss you! Is my brother there? Is he ok? Did he get away?” he babbled into the mic.
Hi! *waves*
Jess and Bobby burst through the open doorway first, closely followed by Ellen and Benny.
Dean gave him a filthy look “Shut up, bitch!” he said, punching Sam on the arm.
“Charlie! Jesus Christ!” Dean hissed as Jo giggled and Amy looked uncomfortable.
“It is kinda beautiful.” Dean agreed. “Peaceful too. You can kind of imagine what it was like when there were no people in the world.”
Cas cleared his throat awkwardly. “And you are sure that Hannah and I would be welcome in this new settlement?” he said carefully.
He paused at the door with a soft smile. Cas was perched on the edge of Jacks bed, he had shed the Santa suit and was dressed in a sleeveless tank that showed off his tanned muscular arms and loose cotton pyjama pants with a unicorn and rainbow pattern. The pyjamas had been a gag gift from Sam, but it had backfired when Cas had actually loved them. The dork.
“And you’re okay with that?” Dean asked incredulously.
“Not drinking tonight?” Sam asked, trying for nonchalance and failing.
“For the record, I wasn't dreaming about the compound last night. I was dreaming about the cabin, when Dad died. Only in my dream, you died too.” Dean growled angrily. “You keep acting like me being in that compound was the worst thing to ever happen to me. Let me tell you, it wasn't. Not knowing whether you made it or not was the worst. Now I'm out, and I have a home and I know my brother is safe and mated and happy, it makes every damn second in that compound worth it. So stop tip toeing around me and treating me like a victim to alleviate your misplaced guilt. You make me feel like I never got out. I want to move on and recover, and I can't do that if you keep throwing it in my face!” He turned away from Sam with tears in his eyes.
Cas took off his shirt and kicked off his boots, leaving his t-shirt and jeans on, before sitting on the edge of Deans bed.
Comments and kudos are manna from heaven and keep my ego from starving in the desert.
“Yeah Cas, it went well. Everyone's got a place to go.” he whispered back as he arranged his blanket into a bed.
“I promise.” he smiled as she gave Balthazar a look of interest at his cut and swollen lip. She gave a small satisfied smile as she realised who had given it to him and why.
Cas sat by the fire, gently feeding the flames with the impressive pile of firewood Jack had collected. The sky was beginning to lighten, but the sun had yet to make an appearance. The last of the stars faded in the pink early morning light. The birds were waking up, calling to each other in the surrounding trees and the morning dew covered every surface, giving everything an ethereal, magical look.
Shifting uncomfortably, Cas spoke first. “So, you said earlier that there was a surprise?” he said hesitantly.
“What did you do?” he gritted out, his teeth clenched and his whole body shaking.
Deans enthusiasm was contagious and Cas found himself grinning with excitement as they stepped out of the house onto the porch.
Dean gave him a bitch face. “Don’t worry, it won’t happen again.” he assured Sam. “How much further to the motel?” he asked, grimacing as he tried to stretch his back as much as he could whilst still driving, finding his t-shirt was clinging to him uncomfortably due to the pool of sweat gathering on his lower back.
“Um, Jack needed to pee and he went into the cornfield, when he came out he saw Cas kissing me.” Dean mumbled, blushing furiously. There was no point in lying.
I've been told I don't put enough tags/warnings so I apologise if anyone was upset by that, I'll try to do better.
Dean shook his head, forgetting that Cas couldn't see him. “Nope. Just a stipulation. Bobby was just concerned you'd get hurt. If he calls you an idgit, it means he cares.”
Cas leaned forward, cupping his jaw in his hand. “I know, Beloved. Lets get you cleaned up, so I can hold you. Are you in any pain?” he asked gently.
Cas grinned and kissed Dean, making his husband gasp as he groped his ass at the same time. Dean sighed and deepened the kiss before letting out an embarrassing squeak as Cas dipped him into an old fashioned movie kiss. His slippers flying off as he almost lost his balance, he relaxed as he realised that Cas was holding him securely and would never let him fall.
Cas’ rolled his eyes and huffed a laugh.
“Your beard is coming in nicely.” Cas said, stroking Deans fuzzy cheek as they lay side by side on the bank of the lake, drying off after a swim.
Dean sagged back into Cas’ arms, completely spent. He winced as he felt a twinge of pain in his back and ass. Cas wrapped his arms around him, pressing the side of his face into the back of Deans shoulder.
Benny stood up and walked over to Dean. His face grim.
“I thought it would be too much, that he deserved more than seeing me work on getting better. He deserves someone who isn’t as messed up as me.” he said, as he killed the engine.
“Oh, I know that movie. With Dustin Hoffman and Tom Cruise.” Cas said, excitedly, pleased that he had understood the reference.
Cas looked at him, his expression was soft. “Thank you for trusting me, Dean. That must have been hard to say, but I'm glad you did. I understand now. I'm sorry I didn't before. You're very brave.”
Dean nodded. “Absolutely.” he agreed.
Cas sighed. “Then what should I do? I don’t understand the rules here.” he said looking frustrated.
“That depends. I need to talk to you all.” said Cas, gravely.
“So I ran. I thought for a while about going back to finish the job, but seeing her again, like that? It...it almost destroyed me. So, I decided to get a fresh start. I travelled for a while until I came across the Roadhouse and the survivors. I thought maybe I could help, maybe I could make up for the things I'd done.” he paused, then continued in a quiet voice “Maybe for a while, I did.”
Cas nodded. Fresh tears were rolling down his face. He looked at the floor with his hands in the pockets of his trench coat.
Dean shook his head. “Nah, I found one of those old fashioned ice-cream places. Figured we’d hit that up for dessert after we’re done here. Besides, I’m gonna try and cut back a bit. Maybe go for quality over quantity for a change.” he said with a shrug.
The door to the bunker clanged and Castiel's distinctive shuffling footsteps could be heard making their way down the iron staircase. He gave his signature half smile as he stepped up into the library, his arms full of grocery bags.
“That's decent of you, thanks.” Dean said, genuinely grateful to the man.
Cas looked at him with hope in his wide blue eyes and Dean smiled and leaned in, pressing a soft kiss on the Alphas mouth.
“Fine, you won. But I want a rematch when we come back through here.” Dean warned, only half jokingly.
we mate, we'll be able to sense each others moods and needs. So it's just while we're courting. I'll do whatever makes you happiest.” he said squeezing Dean's hand gently.
Bobby grimaced “Yer brothers in heat. Jess is... uh.. a little protective. Now, I'm gettin' thrown out of my own damn house. So I gotta go stay at Garth's until this is all over.” he said gesturing back at the house.
Benny and Charlie followed at a discreet distance, just in case they were needed.
Cas gave him a soft look. “Good morning, Dean. I’ll get some coffee going in a moment. Did you sleep well?” he asked.
“I don't know. Will you go right back to bed afterwards, like a good boy?” he asked, stepping into the room.
“Good thinking. Crocotta are no joke. Tough son of bitches to kill. Does she have back-up? Not that I don't think she can handle it, it's just that even we found it hard to take one down.” Dean said with a grimace.
They were shown to a booth in the back by a young guy with a bright smile and an apron. He gave them their menu’s and took their drinks orders, Dean decided on having an iced tea instead of beer, if they were going for ice-cream later, it wouldn’t sit right. Sam gave him an odd look, but ordered the same as did Cas and Jack. The waiter returned almost immediately with a pitcher of iced tea and glasses.
Cas pointed to a place on the map “I think we might find shelter here tonight, it's a sheltered camp site I made note of on my way here, we didn't use it as it was too small for all of my men, but it should be adequate for the five of us. Plenty of cover to hide the truck too.”
Bobby nodded sagely. “Me too, son. Once spring heats are over, I got people arrivin' from all over. This is gonna be the headquarters of the militia and the hub of the network. Even once you take Lucifer down, there will always be others. It's best if we have something in place to deal with it as it comes. It should've been done a long time ago. If Dean hadn't had the original idea, it wouldn't be happenin' now.” said Bobby proudly.
Santa chuckled. “Not until morning. You want your Papa to be here too, don't you?” he asked, pointedly.
“Dean, please wake up. You're safe, I promise” soothed Cas as Dean sobbed in his sleep, the scent was overpowering and Cas gagged again. “Dean, please.” begged Cas, half leaning on Dean as he reached up and ran his hand through the Omegas hair.
“Yep. Did you see him nearly bowl me over? Should get him into the NFL, with a tackle like that.” Dean joked.
“Did you all really know?” Dean asked in a small voice, feeling like the biggest dumb ass in the universe.
I'm sorry I left the last chapter on a cliff-hanger. It was mean and I promise I won't be making a habit of it. I won't rule it out completely, because sometimes it just fits the context. That scene was BEGGING for a cliff-hanger ending.
“Then he kissed me.” Dean said quietly, glancing at his mother and waiting for her reaction.
“Dad didn't say where, just to pack our shit quick. He's getting supplies. We move out tonight.” He said sadly.
“It'd better be a damn good explanation, I trusted you, and you almost got us killed, or worse. The only reason I didn't shoot you as well as that fat fucker of an Alpha, is that I want to know exactly what that slimy prick Sorento was talkin' about.” she said angrily.
“Anytime, baby.” she said, hugging him back.
Dean stepped out from a nearby aisle looking relieved. “There you are, I've been talking to myself for five minutes, I turned around and you'd vanished.” he scolded.
“Awesome. We'll figure out the details after Christmas. I can get Sammy to help me research the best route to go, either with adoption agencies or surrogacy.” said Dean, happily. “Oh my god, Cas. We're really gonna do this.” he squeaked, laughing as his husband rolled on top of him and kissed him hard on the mouth.
Hi *waves*
Your comments and kudos, as always feed my poor, withered ego. I get so excited when I see a new message in my inbox, thank you so much for your support.
“We weren't raised in a clan. Our settlement burned to the ground when Sammy was a baby and my dad kept us movin' after that. With two un-mated male Omegas, it made some settlements nervous that they'd be made a target for raids, others were a little
Stepping through the door, Cas spotted Dean straight away. He sat at the bottom of the stairs hugging his knees looking miserable. Everyone else was conspicuous in their absence.
“Jack found us a motel for tonight. It means stopping a little earlier than we usually do, but the next available place would have had us stopping way after midnight. He’s excited because it has an indoor pool and sauna attached. He wants to learn to swim.” Sam said, with a chuckle.
“For fucks sake, Sam! I think these belong to Dad!” whined Dean before gagging and trying to shrug them off his shoulder without actually touching them. Resulting in Sam becoming breathless with laughter and tears rolling down his face.
“Dean, you have to calm down. The distress in your scent is sending all the Alphas into protect mode. It's okay, Cas is going to be okay. But I need you to try to stay calm for me, okay?” said Jess gently, as she looked worriedly at Cas, who had gone very pale.
“I'll get him out of your hair and put him down for a nap, thanks for watching out for him, Castiel.” said Amy softly as she reached for her son, who held his arms up eagerly for his mother to take him.
Cas felt the colour drain from his face. “Where is Hannah, now?” he gasped out. “I need to see her.”
Dean snorted. “No, Cas. I trust you and everything, but it'll never not be creepy to watch someone sleep. No offence.” he said shaking his head.
” he asked the red faced Winchester.
Dean stood stock still and glared at his brother, who had frozen with a look of horror on his face.
Cas woke to a loud engine revving just outside his window, he yawned, stretched and tried to resist scratching at his wound over his bandages. It was itching like crazy. Running a hand through his hair, he swung his legs out of the bed and stood up, he stretched again, arms above his head, back arched and up on his tip toes until his back made a satisfying 'pop'.
As they reached the pool, the lifeguard on duty was clearing away a whole bunch of pool toys, throwing all of the pool noodles into a giant net strung across the wall of a huge storage closet and locking the doors.
Dean blushed slightly at Cas' grumpy face and the Alphas expression immediately softened. “I'm sorry, I didn't...” Dean stuttered out, looking mortified as Cas leaned forward and took his hand, gently squeezing it and looking a little more awake than before.
The girls rushed to comply, dressing with shaky hands as Cas politely looked away trying to make the Omegas as comfortable as they could be, undressing in a room with a strange Alpha. Once dressed and carrying a rolled up blanket each, Dean again warned them about silence and Cas listened at the door for a few seconds before cautiously opening it and checking the corridor.
“If you don't, then I'm definitely gonna kiss
Cas spoke to the group for the first time, his face like stone. “We're out of time, the guards are changing shifts, we have to go now.” Dean nodded, any second now the guards would realise the Omega dorm was empty and raise the alarm. “Okay, through that window and around 20ft away is a truck, me and Cas are in the front and you guys are in the back. Get in and cover yourselves with your blankets and don't move, no matter what. It's nearly over, guys.” He bundled everyone into a hug and had to stifle a hysterical giggle when Charlie pulled a reluctant Cas into the scrum as well.
Cas figured that breaking in via Alistair's quarters was the best way to get into the building and avoid the guards. After all, it was unlikely they would be discovered, Alistair was currently dying 40ft below ground and unable to raise the alarm.
Dean burst into tears. “I didn't mean to. I swear.” he cried.
Dean wrinkled his nose and made a disgusted noise. “Dude, just be grateful it wasn't a dick. That would have really freaked you out.” he said laughing.
“Cas, wait!” he yelled.
Her surgical equipment was placed in a pot of water over the fire to boil, next to another pot filled with a pungent liquid that made the whole tent smell of bitter herbs, Dean recognised the smell as a tea made from poppy seeds.
“Fuck sake, Bobby would fuckin' skin me alive if I left you all with nowhere to go, and Sam would help him salt and burn my body.” Dean suddenly blurted, sitting up angrily as if offended that they thought he would abandon them. “It's simple, we make a stop at the Roadhouse to pick up the strays, and head to Bobby's. He'll put us all up until we figure shit out.” Dean said decidedly, sitting back and crossing his arms, clearly considering the matter closed.
Sam nodded. “Yeah, Dean’s pretty competitive, but Cas never backs down from a challenge. This should be fun.” he grinned.
Cas sighed. “Um, I guess I won't be on the front lines. But they'll need me, I'm the only one who has seen Lucifers clan in person. It really depends on Michael, if I'm honest. But he'll see that I'm not really fit for battle, he might be an asshole, but he's not stupid.” he said, raising his arm so Jess could look at the wound.
Cas pulled his son close into his chest and patted his back. “Okay, little one. Lets go get your Bee-bee and tuck you into bed. Do you need the potty before you go? Be honest.” he asked moving towards the hallway.
Sam scowled and shoved Dean's hand away, smoothing his hair down and muttering under his breath about 'jerk brothers who know nothing'.
Jesus-fucking-Christ. That-thats
They headed north into Ohio and were making good time to meet Mary by lunchtime, when Cas’s truck suddenly developed a flat tyre, forcing him off the road and almost into a ditch.
Cas chuckled. “Never.” he said taking Deans hand, and kissing his knuckles.
Cas was visibly flustered. So Dean did the bravest thing he could manage at that moment. He fled. Grabbing the soap from Castiels hand as he sped past, he ran for the river, calling over his shoulder “I'll be right back!” in what he hoped was a steady voice. He refused to look back.
Dean shook his head. “Look, I fucked up somehow. Tell me what I did and I'll fix it!” Dean growled, getting angry.
Jack huffed and stomped back over to his bed where his robe was hung on the bedpost and his slippers were lying haphazardly on the rug next to the bed.
Dean nodded in agreement. “Hell yeah, there's a good reason right there for eating junk food all the time. I've eaten so much, I'm immune to it now.” he said jokingly.
Balthazar put the flask down and leaned forward.
Cas placed his t-shirt on the bench nearby and stood at the top of the ladder. He climbed down into the pool and waded over to Dean.
He pushed off the wall and made his way slowly through the crowd towards the list, already guessing what his duties would be, but needing confirmation nonetheless.
“Who are you? He called out, uncertainly. “Hey!” he called out again when he got no answer.
“Maine, the 100 mile wilderness.” Cas rumbled out.
“Ditto, kid.” Dean grumbled. “Did Sam send you to wake me up?” he said, stepping out into the corridor and pulling his door closed behind him.
“I was taken off guard by that because A, I've never felt like that about another man. And B, you are my best friend and I felt like I was betraying you by feeling like that.” He risked a look at Cas who looked dumbfounded.
Cas slept deeply, the poppy syrup doing its job of keeping him comfortable. Jo and Dean kept a watchful eye over their fellow patient, cushioning him over the occasional bit of rough ground that Bobby was forced to take.
Ellen wolf whistled and Sam groaned. Dean pretended he wasn't looking.
Sam nodded. “Good idea. What bait are we using?” he asked.
Hearing his Daddy chuckle, Jack risked a peep and saw Daddy's silhouette in the doorway. He could hear sleigh bells and Christmas music coming from the den down the hall.
Despite Cas healing him the night before, Dean still walked with a slight limp the next morning. Sam had done his best not to laugh at Deans predicament after Cas had glared at him in warning. Sam had learned from Deans mistake about pissing off the nerd angel.
Dean was at the table in the library going through a checklist of what they would need for a week, they had decided to buy provisions when they arrived in Maine, no-one wanted to risk anything spoiling in Baby's trunk.
Bobby huffed a laugh and smiled at Cas, who looked a little embarrassed at his excited outburst.
Dean stepped forward and shakily put a hand on Cas' arm. “I won't, I promise. I'll admit, my usual trick is to avoid it until the problem goes away, but it ain't workin' for me no more. It's why my head is as messed up as it is.” he said, his voice shaky. “I'm gonna hate every second of it, but I gotta talk this crap outta my head. It's like poison, I gotta let it out or it's gonna kill me.”
? You told me all about procreation and Jody told me about safe sex. I just wanted to know how I know if I’m ready? I feel like I’d like a girlfriend, or a boyfriend. But I’m not sure if I’m ready for sex. It sounds complicated and messy.” he said, with a shrug.
network were established and reduce the need for informants risking long journeys to get Bobby information that could very well be out of date by the time it was received. Dean planned to discuss it with Bobby and his father as soon as possible. They would be back any day now.
Dean nodded appreciatively. “Okay then. Looks like I have to adjust my view of you. I figured you for bein’ an innocent, now I know you’re a horn dog, just like the rest of us.” he teased.
“It's about bloody time you showed up.” said Balthazar who looked unbothered by the blade currently being held to his throat.
The break in the undergrowth led off in one direction and he cautiously followed it, his gun raised and ready.
Cas and Dean had also used this time to get to know each other. They took long drives, stopping for lunch and sharing kisses and light touches. So far, they had not progressed further in their physical exploration of each other, both unwilling to jump in too fast. They both had recoveries to make before the next step could take place. They talked about the coming war and Bobby's plan for a settlement. They talked about their respective childhoods and any regrets they had.
Ellen jumped up, placing the kettle on the stove again and making tea for everyone. Amy excused herself to go and find where Garth had got to with her son.
“Yes. Technically he killed my Omega mother, my Alpha father didn't survive the bond break. It's a little complicated, from what I can gather. Hannah and I have never gotten the full story. Michael refuses to talk about it.” said Cas sadly.
“Several reasons, Cas.” Said Dean gritting his teeth as the wheel fought him on the bumpy track.
“My whole god-damned life is a lie! Is there anyone who
“Really? So, after traumatising our son, possibly scarring him for life and almost giving me a heart attack in the process, you think it went well? He said, grumpily.
“Oh, man. I can digitise the entire Men of Letters library, we could have a workshop to build traps and.. OH! We could train new hunters right there in the bunker!” Sam said excitedly.
****************
Cas smirked. “That was plan B.” he said smoothly, before walking off towards the bedrooms.
In the weeks since their fathers death and Deans abduction, Sam had swung between deep depression and anger. His grief at his fathers death was almost overshadowed by his almost blind terror for Dean. Jess and Bobby had a hard time getting Sam to accept their help and reassurances that everything that could be done to find Dean, was being done. He had considered going back to the cabin and searching for clues as to where Dean had been taken. Bobby had been adamant that he stayed put, threatening to lock Sam in the panic room if he attempted such a foolish thing. Jess had agreed with Bobby, making some interesting threats of her own, should Sam try to sneak away without telling them.
Dean flushed and shifted awkwardly. “Shit, sorry man. I dunno, I just... uh..”
“Son, I think you'd better take some more of that medicine. I can barely see the map because you're shakin' so hard.” he said gently.
“Fine.” said Cas grumpily to the ceiling, as he sprawled on his back in the middle of the bed. “But Sam can babysit this weekend and I get to unwrap my gift then.” he said with a sulky pout.
“Exactly” Castiel said sadly.
Dean looked at Alistair, who was now drooling and sagging so much he was threatening to tip over. One bite from a rattlesnake would sometimes take days to die from, but Alistair had venom from several bites, he had hours at most. He stepped forward hesitantly, looking at the stranger fearfully, who just nodded reassuringly.
Cas blushed to the roots of his hair.
“Everything okay?” said Sam, carefully.
done something like this for me before. I was right, you are wonderful.” he said sincerely.
“You're God-damn right I did.” said John with no embarrassment whatsoever and everyone at the table burst into loud laughter.
Cas' expression went guarded immediately. “Why do I get the feeling I'm not going to like this conversation?” he said carefully.
Jack was over the moon for them once he had asked Sam some awkward questions about why they were being so lovey-dovey. Sam had stammered out a brief explanation about couples and affection, completely chickening out from telling him that Cas and Dean had finally had sex.
Dean looked smug. “Can confirm.”
“This little fire of yours is perfect for me to heat up a little broth. I got some in the truck. We'll get you into some fresh clothes after. I'll build the fire up again so it won't be too bad getting down to yer birthday suit out here.”
The door to Alistair's quarters was locked from the outside, Cas pulled Alistair's keys from his pocket and began to test each one, the third key slipped in and turned with no resistance and Cas gingerly turned the handle and cracked the door barely an inch and waited. Hearing nothing but his own heartbeat, Cas opened the door a little wider and peered out. It was a large room that had been used as a kitchen, one wall was taken up with two huge stoves and a pantry and a large table with a bench sat in the middle of the room. Thankfully, this room was clean and smelled faintly of soup.
“That's very true. Don't worry about what anyone else thinks, if this is what you need, then this is what we'll do.” said Cas, gently.
Sam grinned as he ate his strawberry soy cone. “There we go, we found something you like to eat. I knew we’d find something.” he pointed out.
Cas shook his head and huffed a laugh. “Get into a lot more trouble than you already do, I imagine.” he said with a long suffering sigh. He moved over to stand next to the bed. “Are you sufficiently warm, or do you need a blanket?” he asked, frowning at the way Dean was sprawled on top of the covers.
Dean smirked. “Pervert.” he grinned. “Seriously though, you want another child? You really think we can do it?” he asked, seriously.
“Hey, Cas. How's Claire?” Sam asked, standing up to relieve the angel of one of the bags.
Sam shrugged. “We passed a garage a few miles back. I can be there and back in an hour?” he said, picking up the trucks spare and hefting it into Baby’s trunk.
Dean huffed a laugh. “Thanks, man.” He watched Cas move about his room, straightening things and tidying as if he belonged in that space. A long way from when he used to just hover awkwardly and stare.
“You’ve loved me all this time? Jesus, you must have hated me at times.” Dean said sadly.
Cas responded by pulling back and pushing back in in a long, deep glide, setting a rhythm that had Dean curling his toes.
“Well, we’d all better get a good nights sleep tonight then. Lets make this the last game and then we’ll all hit the hay.” Mary said, looking at her cards. “I got a lead on a hunt in Texas, Bobby is gonna meet me in Crystal city.” she added, making Dean tense.
“What I was going to say before my faux pas, is that we'll figure this out together. Look, I fumbled it just now, but let's just say, in the future, if either of us feels the need for affection, we ask the other?” said Cas softly.
Dean relaxed his posture slightly but still had a suspicious look on his face. “Why me? You could make friends with the other Alphas, why you gotta make friends with the only un-mated male Omega in the group?” he said, his eyes still narrowed at the Alpha next to him.
He approached Cas, who stood facing the cans, squinting at them and tilting his head as if studying them, at the last moment he turned to look at Dean, who suddenly felt shy under the angels gaze. He felt himself flush and his mouth dried as he stood almost chest to chest with the man who occupied most of his thoughts these last few days.
“I guess we’d better teach Cas too. If his Mojo ever goes on the fritz again, it’s a skill he should have. The dumb ass would probably forget he can’t breath underwater and drown.” Dean said, thoughtfully, tapping his hands on the wheel to the music.
Sam let out a noise that was half sob, half laugh and sat back on his heels, his hands on Dean's shoulders “Don't you ever do that to me again, you jerk!” he growled, shaking Dean a little.
“What's wrong?” said Cas, looking concerned.
“You fuckin' dick!” said Dean, beginning to laugh.
“Along with a lot of others. Alfie and I managed to get Hannah and a few others out before the fighting got too bad. We were too late, Cassie. Their plan was in motion before we even went to the canyon. It's why we were sent there in the first place. They knew you would be a problem so they wanted you out of the way.” said Balthazar, drinking heavily from a flask filled with something strong smelling before offering it to Cas, who took it gratefully. He took a swig and grimaced before handing it back.
Dean swiped the tears from his face with the back of his hand. “Cas I’ve been running on empty for so long, it’s like I went numb or something. It’s the only thing that kept me goin’. I’m only just realising that the feelings were there all along, but I buried ‘em. I think Michael did something to me, he took away something and now I’m feeling everything again. It’s too much all at once.” he sagged as his greatest fear and the reason for his erratic behaviour in the last few months finally came out.
“Is it because of Sam, and me? You’re not sure if you can stop if we keep hunting?” Mary asked, hitting the nail on the head.
“Nah, nothing to worry about. Just wanna run a couple of things by you. Once we’re on a real road that is. Don’t wanna scratch my baby.” Dean said giving Cas a thumbs up as he too started his engine.
Cas sounded almost desperate for some good news.
Dean began taking deep breaths, remembering when he and Sammy had been children and Sam had broken his arm. They had been playing upstairs in some ruins and a rotten floor had given away under Sam's feet. Dean had felt terrible for daring Sam to go up there at all. Sam had been so brave though and had lied to their father, telling him he'd tripped getting out of the car, so Dean didn't get in trouble. He'd cried a little when their father had re set the bone, but had calmed when John had pulled him onto his lap and held him, kissing his head and telling him how brave he was. Dean had cried too. Seeing Sam hurt, had torn him up even then. He teared up as he suddenly missed his father and brother very much.
Dean supposed he had to earn back the trust he had lost.
Cas smiled back. “Can we do this again tomorrow?” he asked hesitantly.
Dean shrugged. “Maybe because you’ve never done this before?” he offered. Knowing it wasn't.
Cas groaned and dropped his head onto Deans chest as Dean sighed with frustration.
Lying side by side on the floor they panted, getting their breath back and occasionally making eye contact and laughing again.
rare.
She applied it and Cas felt tension release that he didn't even realise he was holding as the itching died immediately. He groaned and Jess laughed and began winding the bandages around his shoulder and torso.
Dean felt tears welling up, he couldn’t understand it. Suddenly all he wanted to do was cry.
“It was the summer we all spent at Bobby’s while Dad was laid up. He gave me that book about rope tying, I think it was an old an old eagle scouts book or something. I lost it years ago, but I found the same book at the supply store. I had to buy it.” Sam said, holding up an old well worn paperback book.
Dean felt the slight drag, eased by the sheer amount of lube Cas had used. It was weird, feeling so full, but not painful, just a slight ache.
turned in his seat so see that Charlie had pushed her arm through the tiny window in the back of the cabin in order to try and comfort Dean. “Dude, it's ok, fuck all that crap that shitty Alphas spout about 'needy, emotional Omegas', that's just because they're selfish assholes with no empathy. Like those mofos back there, wrong people to listen to, dude.” Said Charlie fiercely, winking at Cas who smiled shyly at her.
“Not as bad as you thought, is it?” Cas chuckled as he again drew back a little, pushing in again, a little further each time.
Sam grabbed the mic from Garth “Dean? Dean, is it really you? Are you alright?” he almost sobbed into the mic.
“You’re welcome.” Cas murmured. “I believe we were coming up with ideas for if you retire from hunting. We realised that a cowboy slash rock star slash astronaut was a little unrealistic, so you thought about maybe opening a classic car repair business. You fell asleep as you described selling the cars in the bunkers garage to fund it.” Cas answered helpfully.
“Everyone? Surely not everyone is working on the trucks?” said Cas looking puzzled.
“Shhh! Jack. Jack, it's okay. It's okay little man.” Dean soothed. But Jack just wailed louder.
Smiling, he returned to his book, reading only to himself now. He was absorbed in a chapter on crop rotation when he heard heavy footsteps in the doorway. He looked up to see Sam hunched over slightly under the weight of Garth, who for some reason was draped over Sam's shoulder, completely unconscious .
Sam laughed. “Excuse me, did you just say I was right?” he asked, with a smug but disbelieving look on his face.
“I think I want you to fuck me, Cas.” Dean whispered, kissing Cas’ neck.
Dean took a shuddering breath and nodded into Cas' neck. Mumbling “Yeah. M'okay. Jus' gimme a minute.” he hadn't let up his grip around the Alphas torso and Cas winced in pain.
“Aww man, it's been a long time since I laughed that hard. Years, probably.” said Dean, with a breathless sigh as he sank down into Garths rocking chair.
Cas nodded. “Of course. I won't pressure you, but please don't shut me out. I don't think I could bear it.” he said, a slight hint of desperation in his tone.
The Omegas sat in stunned silence as Cas finished his story, his shoulders slumped and his face drawn. Even without giving too many details, reliving the deaths of his friends had been an ordeal. His clan had never really been supportive of Castiel or his views, but they had still been his family.
“Yeah, well. You’re just wrong.” Dean grumbled. “Guess I’m drinking coffee.”
Castiel had slept all night and most of the morning. He awoke to baby Matthew poking him in the ear, his chubby little face just inches away as he stood unsteadily at the side of Castiels bed, gripping the sheets in a drool covered hand. He smiled and booped the boys nose with a finger, making him giggle loudly.
“I ain't blind. I ain't mad either, so cut the Alpha crap.” he said looking at Jess, who blushed and relaxed her posture. “Sorry Bobby.” she said
Sam and Benny scrambled to fulfil Jess' requests and everyone nervously waited. Dean watched the silhouettes finish sewing and then gently wrap the wound in bandages.
Balthazar flinched. “Well, it's not worse, per say, but it will be a shock. I really do think you should be sitting for this, my friend.” he tried again.
Hi! *waves*
Sam looked at the angel and smiled. “It does. It absolutely does, Cas. I’m gonna need your help to get set up properly. Some of the books need translating into English and there are hundreds of files to go through.” he said grinning.
Dean shook his head. “Nah, Bobby taught me that one. My baby is an old lady now, I keep her runnin’ alright, but older cars like this need a little more TLC than newer cars. I’m gonna cover her with a tarp, protect her paintwork from the tree sap and bird shit.” Dean said, climbing out and shaking himself out, stretching his back and legs, cramped after such a long drive.
“I know, I just wanted to know how to do that stuff she talked about. If I wash up, maybe you could show me? You guys look exhausted, I can take a turn and then you can catch a nap, maybe?” said Dean, earnestly. “I swear, I'll do everything I'm told, to the letter.”
Michael stepped forward placing his hands on the railing and turned his icy gaze back to the room.
Mary shrugged. “Not sure, I can ask at the desk. The guy seemed helpful when I booked a couple of rooms for you boys.” she said, staring at Castiel who blushed self consciously.
Nodding dumbly, Cas got out of the truck. Looking around he saw Hannah step out of the large vehicle and squeal, her hands covering her mouth in shock.
“All packed and ready I see, well done boys.” Said John proudly, gripping both boys by a shoulder and smiling “Supplies are in the car, lets get these bags loaded and we'll hit the road.” he said, reaching for the bags.
“Shit!”
Dean suddenly remembered Sam's comment about 'riding off into the sunset' and looked over at Charlie as she seemed to remember the same thing. She grinned and Dean blushed.
Dean nodded. “Oh, yeah. Apparently it was very educational. He learned all about the male multiple orgasm.” Dean confided.
Sam shrugged. “Sure. Everything's okay with you two? I’ve noticed that he’s not exactly avoiding you, but he’s holding himself back for some reason.” he whispered back over the roof of the car.
Jack looked thoughtful. “I do, but I think I ate too much.” he said, looking a little green all of a sudden. His eyes bulged with panic and he panted heavily, pressing his hands to his stomach.
Sam’s eyes bugged out of his head in surprise, but he wisely said nothing, sipping on his coffee and smiling to himself.
Cas felt a wave of sympathy for Jess, newly mated, her instincts must be off the charts and virtually agony. He wondered how she was holding herself together. His horror must have shown on his face, when she winked and held up a jar and pointed to her top lip where she had smeared some of the paste from the jar. Camphor.
Dean gasped and blushed scarlet. “Cas! You...you can't say shit like that. Especially when it's not true. I'm not like you. I'm not...” he stammered out and it was Cas' turn to interrupt.
“I can hear you up there, you bastard. Fuck you, and fuck your mind games. Is beating the shit out of me not enough anymore? You gotta mess with my head too? Fuck you, Alistair!”
He lifted the shirt from his eyes with a sheepish look at Dean who began laughing uncontrollably.
The Omegas scents were full of fear and apprehension and Dean signalled them to gather close. Obeying the request, the girls huddled onto the bed nearest the door with Dean and put their heads close together, occasionally shooting nervous glances at Cas.
Dean suddenly shot forward grabbing Sam's ankles and pulling his legs out from underneath him so that he fell onto his back onto the bed. “Mwahaha! Revenge is so sweet, brother of mine” crowed Dean as he wrestled Sam's arms away from his face and pinned them with a knee as he brandished the underwear threateningly.
Cas nodded and smiled as Sam beamed and disappeared towards the stairs.
Jack frowned. “Oh. I’m sorry, Sam. I didn’t mean to make you uncomfortable. I do have some questions, though. Jody said she would answer any questions I had about sex, but I couldn’t think of any then. Can I ask one of you instead?” he looked hopeful.
“Maybe I should find something else.” Cas muttered, looking embarrassed.
Ellen showed him how to measure Castiels heart rate, check his temperature and what to look out for in regards to danger signs. She showed him how to write it all down, so Jess could go over it when she woke up. Then she fell asleep propped up against the crate next to Castiels bed.
Sam started laughing. “Fucking hell, it’s never simple with you two, is it?”
Dean nodded. “I’d feel better about it that way.” he said quietly.
“No problem, son. It's a good thing. You got no reason to be nervous tellin' me you two got mated. Dean might be a little pissed that he didn't meet Jess first, but he'll get over it.”
Dean sighed with relief as the headache that had been blooming behind his eyes and the ache in his neck and shoulders eased in seconds. The pleasant tingle that followed and rolled down his spine made him shudder. “Thanks, man.” he said gratefully.
Moving around a large tree, he heard a growl and turned around quickly, seeing a large Alpha holding an axe in each hand. Bobby aimed his shotgun at the Alphas torso but held off from firing.
Cas smirked. “I was tempted to cover your mouth at one point, I’ll admit.” he chuckled.
“Yeah, I do. Doesn't mean I think he did the right thing. Joining them? That was...I don't know what that was. Not sane, that's for sure. But I can certainly empathise with the guy. Hell, we all can.” said Ellen, bitterly.
Jack nodded. “Okay. I’m looking forward to tomorrow. I can’t wait!” he said excitedly.
The sun was well over the horizon when he woke up with a start. He'd finally realised what had been niggling him. Witnesses hadn't said anything about vehicles! They must have vehicles to transport the Omegas and goods back to their settlement, but none of the witnesses had mentioned seeing or hearing even a single car or truck. Castiel realised he needed to look at it a different way. He'd assumed the clan used the decrepit road network. He silently scolded himself for his stupid assumption.
Dean stood by the table looking murderous. “The fucking bastard responsible for all of this, Dad's death, the compound, everything, is your brother. Your fucking brother, and you didn't tell us?”
“Okay, I'll take one for the team, but you owe me big, dude. Like,
Cas suddenly stepped forward and pulled the surprised Omega into a hug, wrapping his arms around him and squeezing tight. It took a second, but Dean began to hug him back, squeezing him just as fiercely.
Mary smiled softly. “What part are you looking forward to the most, Jack?” she asked, tucking her leg under her on the bed.
“An app. For phones. It can have a ton of information on it for hunters. Sam could program it with a reference chart on it. Along with instructions for killing monsters and such. He can also put a noticeboard section with hunts available, if he wants.” Jack said with a shrug. He looked at the three men staring open mouthed at him. “It’s just an idea.” he said shyly.
Dean frowned and sat up, causing Charlie to sit forward too.
“Hey, we're just wondering about the guy. No big deal.” insisted Jo, never one to let anything go.
The rest of the morning passed quickly. Sam looking comical in the bathtub that was clearly too small for his large frame, his knees virtually up by his ears. He bickered good-naturedly with Dean as he went to and fro with pans of water. Finally satisfied he was clean he climbed out, towelled his still sensitive skin dry and dressed himself in his most comfortable clothes. Dean was now using the mangle to wring out as much moisture from the wet clothes as he could before draping them over the drying rails. Sam leant against the door frame watching Dean wrestle a bed sheet into submission over a rail slightly too short for the sheet.
“It won't be a problem, brother.” Benny's voice stated from behind them, making them all jump. “Sorento was a nasty sonovabitch, but he wasn't too smart. Always was too busy tryin' to keep his position as the old man's second and worried about someone killin' him off to get it. He was so paranoid, he never shared where he would be workin'. Nobody knows he was here, they won't even know where to start lookin' once he shows up missin'. Not that anyone will miss him that much. He really was a sonovabitch.”
The second truck pulled up next to Bobby's and the group began pouring out, dashing through the heavy rain to the porch where Garth stood grinning and waving. Jess motioned at Dean to wait with Cas as she climbed down and embraced Sam quickly and began organising how they would get Castiel out of the truck and into the house without drowning him in the downpour.
“Are you making that face at the thought of medicine or Sam's cooking? I assure you, he is better than me. It could be worse.” she giggled.
He finally got a chance to look at the radio, it wasn't working. Alistair hadn't connected it right. He fiddled with the wires and connections, only looking up when Cas climbed back into the truck with a dusty pack and smile on his face. “I think I can get this to work, hang on.” said Dean, mostly to himself. The other Omegas were climbing back into the truck, arranging the blankets and other items to make themselves more comfortable for a long journey.
“Sam, I'm tired. Can we do this tomorrow? I promise we'll talk then. I just want to get some sleep, we've had a long day.” he begged.
Sam was tying knots in a length of rope, each one more intricate than the last.
“Yeah, me too, Cas. I think the only way to get through it, is to … get through it, I guess. Let's just be awkward. None of what we've talked about is a deal-breaker. I meant what I said, you are family.” Dean said quietly. “I realise I'm being selfish in insisting you stay around with no promises, and I don't know where we go from here, but I do know I need you around. I .. need you.” he added, his mouth going dry and his heart racing at his rare show of emotional honesty.
It was an effective punishment an an excellent deterrent for errant behaviour. All of the Omegas had been in the pit at least once. Dean had been in the pit several times, he fought at first, punching and kicking until he was beaten into half unconsciousness. Dean realised quickly that blood from his wounds attracted the rats, which in turn attracted the snakes. Stopping the rats from gnawing at him while mostly incapacitated after a beating was almost impossible. He stopped fighting after that, no longer willing to spend his time in the pit continuously fighting off the disgusting creatures inside.
“There’s always sex.” Dean said, looking at Cas out of the corner of his eye and laughing when Cas spat his coffee out in surprise.
Dean groaned again as he realised just how much he had revealed. “Oh my god.” he curled up, covering his burning face with his hands. “If you'll excuse me, I've reached my limit on humiliation today, so I'll just go ahead and die now.”
“Okay, I have my friend Charlie here with me, she's responsible for all of the high pitched squealing you've been overhearing” said Dean, laughing and trying to dodge the punches that Charlie was peppering him with.
Dean sighed, nervously tapping his fingers on the steering wheel. “I’m thinking about retiring.” he said quietly.
“I wanna make you come too.” he said, sounding whiny to his own ears.
“Fair enough.” Sam agreed. “We can pick up a couple of camp beds or something. Wanna write a list of things we're gonna need?” he offered.
Sam showed her his dirty palms. “Cas’s truck got a flat, we had to stop to fix it.” he said, heading over to the small sink to wash his hands, dropping a kiss to him Mom’s head as he passed her.
Dean nodded heavily, pointing his finger at Cas. “Good point, dude.” he looked over at the flask next to Cas. “Wouldja mind if I drank some of your water? I'm gonna feel like shit in the mornin' otherwise.”
“One moment.” Cas called out. “We just need to put pants on.”
Cas watched the brothers banter with a bemused look on his face. “So, you don't like camping, Dean?” he asked.
“Whoa! Oh shit! Cas, I'm so sorry. Did I hurt you? I forgot. Holy shit.” he babbled as Jess and Bobby approached slowly, mindful of spooking an Alpha in protect mode. They watched as Cas struggled to tamp down his instincts for a second before releasing his grip slightly on Deans shirt and sagging heavily, his expression agonised. “Not. Your fault” he gasped as Dean looked mortified.
Hi *waves*
Cas makes his confession, it reveals a little of his backstory and the main story arc.
“So, do you have a horse?” Charlie asked, looking innocent. Dean suddenly felt murderous towards her.
Dean scowled at him. “Answer the ques-question, dammit.” Dean hiccuped.
Dean had long finished eating and stood up, intent on beginning the breakdown of the camp.
Dean shrugged. “I wasn’t aware of it, now that I am, I still can’t seem to stop.” he admitted, his face still flaming.
“I like ice-cream.” Cas said, in his gravelly voice that betrayed no emotion to anyone outside of the family.
Dean laughed “Cas, trust me. You did real good. I nearly forgot I was supposed to be teaching you on the way back, felt like you'd been driving for years.” he said smiling.
Bobby rolled his eyes “Will I? Guess I should really, seein' as it'd be returnin' a favour.”
Den nodded and waited at the door until Cas waved him in as he listened to Claire speaking. He stepped in and stood awkwardly by the dresser that Cas had placed a few seemingly random items on, menu's from diners they had visited or an interesting rock and even a small white feather.
“I hope you get soap in your eyes, jerk.” Sam called through the door, kicking it in frustration.
