If his mother was hurt by the comment she didn’t show it.
“Thank you.”
“Did anyone get close enough to the car?” Greg was asking the officer.
“She’s fine.” Sherlock informed him. “We need to get her checked.”
“My daughter is sleeping, I need you to watch her.” He informed the young officer, eyes scanning over him in what was clearly his ‘I’m deducing the crap out of you’ look.
“It’s good to meet you.” She managed a smile.
“She’s able to process your words but she doesn’t yet understand them. This is a confidential meeting.”
John frowned but nodded. He picked up the baby bag and followed the consulting detective upstairs, through the dark flat and into their bedroom. Sherlock placed Maeve on the bed, beside the sleeping cat that looked up as they entered but quickly settled back down to sleep. “I’ll get her ready for bed.
“Yes, Maeve’s appearance will help your mother greatly.”
But stopped in his tracks. The bed was raised slightly on one corner. He held Maeve and the sling closely with one arm and used the other to feel under the mattress, fingers brushing against a book. He pulled it out and put it in the changing bag before leaving the room, closing it behind him.
Lady Smallwood paused in the threshold of the room. “Mycroft, this must be your niece.”
There was merit to her speech. It was scientifically proven that music helped with the development of babies and young children. It opened a pathway to future skills that were imperative. He’d spent some time researching the local classes before he decided on this one. Megan, the leader of the group, had positive reviews all over her social media and no links to crimes of any sorts except a warning for marijuana. Her love from music stemmed from her learning as a child and the arrival of her own baby five years previous. She was young but passionate. Sherlock had noted that her fingers were covered in callouses from years of playing instruments. Both the piano and guitar.
“Did you parents bring you?”
Siger cleared his throat. “Your mother only meant that you would want every available body to be on your side to help you find her.”
“It is mutual.” Mycroft informed them as he scooped her up, she went into his arms eagerly, and mouth open displaying her gums as she all but dived into his neck. He held her with one hand on her back and offered her his other hand. She took it and shoved the offered digits into her mouth, she chewed on them excitedly.
She yawned, fists coming up but not quite reaching her face, eyes closing.
John nodded.
Mycroft uncrossed his legs and lent forward, “he might make you happy.”
“No.”
“I know.” He told Maeve as though she had said something, running his hand over her head again.
“Shut up and lay down.”
“I appreciate you bringing her here,” Mycroft said in the same voice one might greet a politician.
Maeve kicked her legs excitedly and babbled. Mycroft raised an eyebrow at her, “yes.”
“I made them talk.” Sherlock corrected, “they decided to get back together all on their own.”
“So, you evoking the power of deities instead of using my name, is not a compliment?” Sherlock asked.
“Lestrade texted, he wants to make sure he has all the details on the Fowler case” Sherlock informed John keeping his tone light and eyes on Maeve.
Mycroft snorted. Greg glared at him and the elder Holmes brother shrugged, “he has a point.”
“Will your uncle Rudy be there?”
Sherlock plucked the book he had found the victims boyfriends house and threw it at John, the doctor caught it in one hand. He regarded the item. “A journal?”
“I love you.” He told her softly his lips moving against her forehead. It was the first time he’d uttered those words but they were true. He added. “You little terror.”
“Without a doubt, just getting some fresh air.”
Her blue eyes flicked up to him and she whined.
“She wouldn’t eat it, she’s too hot.” John lamented.
“It’s the personal blog of Dr John H. Watson not the life and times of Sherlock Holmes.”
“Good.” Sherlock answered knowing that was the answer expected, sometimes it was easier to follow social conventions.
“You didn’t.” Sherlock scoffed, looking over his shoulder at his brother. “She’s overstimulated and tired, there’s no way to calm her at this precise moment. She’s prickly and I’m…”
“…he’s fine, we’re all fine. He just took a tumble, banged his head, and well, he’s a bit banged up, only bruising mind you.”
“Mycroft is seven years my senior.” Sherlock responded in a cool tone. “He resides in Belgravia with his partner, a detective inspector for Scotland Yard and works in the government, behind the scenes.”
Sherlock shrugged. “I was thinking of taking a walk in the park.”
Chloe skipped over and peered to get a look at Maeve.
“You say that like it’s a bad thing.” He scoffed.
“Fine. We we’re hoping that you’d help us to tidy the flat.”
“My mother is a social woman.” Sherlock admitted, his eyes fixed on Harold. “She is caring, compassionate, loving and trusting, but reputation means a great deal to them.”
“Mycroft is the name you gave me, if you could possibly struggle all the way to the end.”
Inside the room Sherlock was sat up in bed. His shirt was open revealing bruises across his side and there was a bloody plaster on his forehead. His eyes focused on John and he immediately looked down, ashamed. There were smudged dust marks on his clothes.
I found a baby on the doorstep” He glanced down at the child in his arms, she was still awake but fighting off sleep.
“Yep.” John said, popping the ‘p’.
“Purple” Sherlock muttered simply. Emma nodded and ordered it on the tablet, it was best for her to order as they went to get everything ready for them. They would be leaving with the pram and the rest delivered throughout the day.
Sherlock nodded once to John and then again to his brother, something of a silent understanding and went through the kitchen to the bathroom, once again hopping over the stairgate there. The door swung open and the tap was running within moments.
“And I’m just saying,” Siger said with force, “that sitting here insulting my son will not impress me or anybody here, it will alienate you from further events.”
She rolled her eyes at him.
“There has to be something.” Sherlock cried out in frustration. He placed his hands on his hips and looked around the room, everyone though use to his antics had stopped and looked up at him.
“You’re thinking…it’s annoying.” He clarified.
Maeve gurgled.
Sherlock glanced out the corner of his eye at his brother, he has picked Maeve up and settled her to sit in his lap with his hand supporting her body and head as she stared up at him in dumb amusement.
“I do not see myself with children, you and your children are more than enough for me” Mycroft clarified, “I am happy with the life we have.”
“Yes.” Violet nodded.
John took the seat opposite him, at the end of the table and sat Maeve on his lap, facing Sherlock.
“Liam Ashcroft.” Anthea enunciated.
“Of course you are.” John agreed, frowning. There was no doubt in his mind but he was aware of Sherlock’s parents doubt from the other night, there seemed to be issues that needed to be resolved.
Evelyn was asleep in his arms, swaddled in a thin but suitable blanket.
“Fine” John nodded eagerly.
“You should take her home.” Greg told him tiredly.
They returned to Baker Street in the late afternoon to find Sherlock stood over the kitchen table with a hose functioning as a blow torch in one hand and a human eye in the other.
Sherlock nodded and took a seat to the left of them, angling his body towards them and keeping Maeve fixed firmly against his chest. “You’re paying the ransom.”
“Your mother is making you something to eat and entertaining the gaggle of hens,” Siger interrupted, hating to disturb his son during such a tender moment but wanting to warn his younger son before his wife descended once again.
“And?” Sherlock looked vaguely confused.
Babies her age did little else.
“Good girl,” he said, the side of his lip tugging up slightly.
“The poor girl was abandoned Mycroft. She needs proper care.” Violet informed her son.
“John!”
“If it’s not done correctly,” Sherlock said.
“Yes, you go back to sleep.”
“What?” John was confused and horrified by the direction this conversation was headed.
“The engagement.” The taller man finished, “He is elated. He will ensure that we’re not there for the duration.”
“What’s the time?”
“I didn’t mean -” he began.
“Talking to me while I’m asleep doesn’t count.”
Samantha was silent for a moment, contemplating what to say next.
Sherlock frowned. “We can only hope.”
“There must be some exceptions.”
“Well he tried to stab me, I managed to dodge that but then -”
“I am not bored. Well, not of her anyway or John. There is a distinct lack of cases, my brain needs to be occupied, so this” he gestured wildly to the table, “will have to do.”
“Come on my little terror” Sherlock smiled into the mirror.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and made no move to take the gift from him.
He ignored the shocked looks from his parents. They were looking at him like he’d grown another head instead of simply comforting his distressed daughter. Idiots.
“My life has changed dramatically in the last two months, my priorities have shifted and I find myself settling into a routine. Abhorrent as it is, I have adapted to a new form of life.” Sherlock argued, “Partner and baby.”
“Would you like anything?” Siger asked, smoothing the sides of the duvet. “Something to eat or drink?”
“That sounds lovely Mum.” John responded.
They were all sat on the patio, spread out around the pool on normal and longue seats. His mother had brought out a jug of ice tea and the correct amount of cups, John and Greg had a beer each.
“It is not something that I have forced upon him.” The consulting detective snapped, wary of his daughter on the verge of sleep against his shoulder.
Sherlock swept out of the room. John snorted and followed, it would have looked far more dramatic if he had been wearing his coat, but the consulting detective carried himself in a way that was both intimidating and elegant. Greg and Sally waited for John to pass before following.
“A cat?” John asked, sitting up with a stretch. “A cat is a security system?”
“Shhh…” Sherlock hushed, holding one of Maeve’s hands with her own.
“The first sensible suggestion of the day.” Sherlock murmured.
Sherlock raised his eyebrow and practically purred. “Whatever you say Doctor Watson.”
There was no way that Sherlock hadn’t seen these…he was going to be so pissed.
There was a tap on the door.
“My poor darling, you’ve given yourself the hiccups now.”
“Support her head.” Sherlock reminded him.
“She’s yours Mr Holmes” The doctor handed John the test results and brandished them to Sherlock. The consulting detective looked over them, eyes flicking over the sheet of paper with intense interest. 99.9999% of paternity left little to the imagination.
“How long as she been asleep?” He asked, keeping his eyes closed.
“I am fully capable of taking care of myself and besides, it’s not the first time I’ve been injured working a case” Sherlock argued, he gave his father a pointed look and lifted Maeve slightly in a silent gesture. Siger nodded eagerly and his son handed her over, allowing him to hold his granddaughter and watching carefully as he shifted her to rest in his arms, cradled protectively and ready for feeding. Maeve looked up at him blinking curiously before settling down and entertaining herself by chewing no her own fist.
On Wednesday I'm going on holiday for ten days which means no updates I'm afraid but I will be taking my laptop and continuing to write. I hope to get another chapter done before I leave but we'll have to wait and see.
Greg nodded in agreement and Mycroft fixed the blonde with a serious look which quickly soften and he confessed, “He’s just upset, give him some time and he’ll resurface.”
Jim stopped humming and turned to face them. Maeve was pressed lengthways against his chest. Her face was tucked into his neck and he held her with one hand on her bum, the other resting beside her body, she clutched it, holding two of his fingers in her small fists. She was breathing softly. Jim looked up from her and towards the Holmes brothers, his dark eyes soft but not yielding, never yielding.
“Are you going to sit down?” Harry asked, already losing her patience.
Sherlock rolled his eye and shifted marginally, wincing as his stiches pulled uncomfortably. Violet looked up at the sound, eyes full of immediate concern and Siger had paused, book held open but practically forgotten in his lap.
“Yes,” Sherlock answered somehow managing to keep his cool, his tone level. “If he used his hands, then there will be contusions across his hands and possible broken bones, this could help us to identify the man that kidnapped and for all intents and purposes, tortured your son.”
“I have extras of them in the freezer to try at a later date.”
Maeve babbled against his neck in response.
“What do you think you’re doing?” He heard from down the hallway.
Sherlock shook his head and relaxed back into the pillows.
Mycroft answered. “I need to be able to hear.”
They set up on the beach, sat in a small semi-circle with paper wrapped chips. Sherlock was sat with Maeve on his lap, sat up with her back against his chest looking out at the beach, sea, and people littering it. Her blue eyes flew over all the new sight with wild excitement. Sherlock kept her grounded with a large hand on over her stomach and chest, the other he used to pick up single chips and pop them into his mouth.
“Yes, hello darling.” He said, gently prying her hands out of his hair and kissed each one.
“I’ll prepare you a bottle” Sherlock said and flounced off into the kitchen.
“Care to share?” Sherlock pursed his lips in an obvious avoidance tactic and Greg sighed. “Do you have anything to tell me?”
Sherlock frowned and looked back at his daughter. “We’re fine.”
“Don’t,” John said in a soft but firm tone.
He picked up the slippery baby as she kicked her legs in the process and placed her on the towel. He quickly wrapped her in it and picked her up. Some water seeped through the material but he ignored it.
“Sherlock isn’t often happy.”
“What things?” Sherlock asked. He twisted in one fluid movement, turning to face his brother. Maeve didn’t bat an eyelid this time, quickly adapting to her father’s habits.
“Yes,” he nodded. “I’m sorry, I really couldn’t imagine it before, I’d seen it in the papers of course, but you, a father. It’s extraordinary, really Sherlock, I still can’t quite believe it. You always did surprise me.” Sherlock said nothing, merely bowed his head slightly. “I’m sorry, I’m prattling on.”
Sherlock shook his head and continued to avoid looking at his father.
“Aww, thank you,” Mycroft muttered as he turned his daughter to face him.
“And a parent” He reminded her with a raised eyebrow as he brought the toy towards his chest and placed it beside his daughter, though she was still asleep she’d want it later.
“My hands are cold,” he told her as though she should know better.
“What are you doing here?” John asked, surprised.
“Right.”
“- and stubbed his toe on the armchair, he tripped and flailed around before he caught himself. She found it hilarious.”
“It means she doesn’t like this shirt.” The consulting detective concluded with a pout, he pulled off his shirt and disappeared into the kitchen. He returned a moment later with a new shirt and his dark blue and red tartan dressing gown hooked over his arm.
“If that’s ok,” she answered.
“Is everybody ready?” the driver asked with a heavy French accent.
Maeve gurgled in agreement.
Edmund practically shouted. “I can’t believe it’s been…how long has it been since we’ve seen her?”
“You are enjoying this too much.” He observed, looking at his daughter with fake annoyance. The sound of the front door opening caught his attention. He sighed, that would be Mycroft and his parents. He ignore the thought for a moment and focused again on his baby. “They’re going to shout at Daddy, but they’ll love you. Everybody loves you.”
“That went well.” John observed the moment they were alone. Violet and Siger had said their farewells and departed, the leaving the pair and Maeve standing on the side of the street.
Sherlock nodded in a slow, unhurried movement.
“Don’t mother me.” Sherlock told him, grey eyes locked onto his father but voice soft.
“She alright now?” Greg pressed.
Mycroft nodded. “Yes, it is.”
“Her, I came to check up on her.” Greg clarified, “I know how difficult vaccinations can be.”
of May.”
Mycroft frowned at his mother. “Would it have been welcomed if he did?”
“Good.” He told John before hanging up and throwing his phone in the direction of the sofa. He looked again at the baby in his arms, now close to sleep.
“We’re fine, thank you.” John said with a polite smile.
“I’ve seen enough,” Sherlock said, referring to the painting.
The blonde chuckled and pressed a kiss on the infant’s forehead. “He doesn’t mean that, daddy loves your kisses.”
The cat in question, Jade, sniffed the edge of the Moses basket thoughtfully and jumped inside, Sherlock jerked and went to move her but the cat looked up at him in warning. She sniffed the baby and licked her hand. She sat at the edge and started kneading the blankets at the end. She took a moment and curled up, eyes still fixed on the consulting detective.
“He said that he knew Robert hadn’t come home and he knew why.”
“Do you like it?” Greg’s expression was somewhere between excitement and terror.
Moriarty twisted and allowed the consulting detective to pluck her from his grasp. He pulled her close.
“It’s hardly my mess” Sherlock’s pale eyes flicked to his landlady then back to the screen.
“So I’m your guinea pig,” John said more to himself, pulling his hand back and unscrewing the cap of the teething gel. “Charming.”
“How does she like to be held?” His mother asked, interest piqued.
“Dull, time consuming, deleted it.” Sherlock offered in explanation.
Maeve was in the process of waking, her sleep not deep enough to satisfy her tiny body and her hunger growing. He reached into the basket and scooped her up in a slow fluid movement as not to upset her too much. She fussed in his arms, a small cry escaping her lips as she started to wake up completely.
“We show my mother we are here, she’ll fuss then we can, hopefully, find somewhere to hide until dinner.”
Silvia sniffled. “Do you have family close to help you?”
The nurse nodded in understanding and answered his question, “Maeve may seem unwell after the jab, we are in fact injecting her with small doses of each virus, her body will respond. In most cases there is fever, raised temperature which can be 37.5 degrees or hotter – this is nothing to worry about but it will need to be monitored, if her temperature reaches 38 then you should contact your doctor or GP.”
Sherlock woke to the sound of a grizzly baby. He was a light sleeper and the small sounds of discomfort that escaped his daughter’s mouth were enough to wake him. He blinked rapidly to clear his eyes and adjust to the darkness of the room before taking a moment to look at John, he was fast asleep on his side facing Sherlock. The soldier’s lips were parted slightly as he breathed evenly. Sherlock smiled into the darkness, pushing the covers back so that he could swing his legs out of the bed but not disturb John by uncovering him. He took a single step to the side of the Moses basket and looked down at his daughter.
He nodded slowly and spoke carefully, “I know.”
There was a soft tap on the door and Anthea poked her head in. “I took the liberty of getting shopping.”
John fed Maeve. She slowly suckled from the bottle while she blinked sleepily.
“I’m fixing your relationship, you could say thank you.”
Sherlock climbed the stairs of 221B with caution, not making a sound as he avoided each and every noisy floorboard. He didn’t want to disturb them, he told himself. Mostly, he wanted to observe his brother with Maeve. He trusted him, as much as it pained him to admit it, he knew his brother would do his utmost to care and protect for his daughter.
“She’ll stop interfering eventually,” Sherlock said into the quiet room.
He took a sip of the coffee and instantly regretted it. No amount of sugar would save it now.
“I know that” he gestured towards the Turner painting “this painting is a fake and as a restorer here she knew that, she was meeting with someone higher up on the food chain but they already know, I suspect it’s an underground operation to sell the original on the black market. They killed her because she figured it out.”
“The mothers name? I could check hospital records.” The Doctor suggested, helpfully.
“Why not?”
A moment later the lady in question appeared in the doorway between the kitchen and longue, Maeve was awake and resting in her arms, looking up at her grandmother with wide eyes. A second later Mycroft appeared with hands full of bags. John opened his mouth but quickly closed it again.
“Dolce and Gabbana.”
“Mm, I know. I have a list. Mycroft has a file.”
“You like this position as much as her.” His mother commented with fondness.
Mycroft’s eyes flickered to him.
Hello again, I finally managed to get a chapter together. It's short and sweet. I promise that there will be more soon now that I'm on Easter break - I'm going to finish planning the entire fic and then get writing the chapters so I have them ready to update in advance. I've been meaning to do this for ages but work has kept me so busy that it's kinda taken a back seat. But, there are only 44 more chapters till this fic is done. Do you think I could do a chapter a week? Maybe more during breaks like this when I don't have work, if so, this fic will be done in no time.
Siger stopped and gestured for his son to go first. Sherlock’s clear eyes flicked over the occupants of the room before settling on the blonde and making his way towards him. The blonde untucked his legs and closed the case file, allowing more space for the consulting detective.
“What would you prefer?” Mycroft asked, bending to his brothers will. There was no arguing with him on this matter apparently.
"You're thinking absurdly loud John" Sherlock declared, not looking up from Maeve as they continued to walk, finding a quiet part of the park that had fewer people rushing through it and the occasional person moving down the path or sitting on a bench with some lunch on their lap.
Mycroft nodded. “Duty calls.”
“I know” John made clear, “It’s just, is it sensible?”
“No, we’re going for coffee later to talk.” Sherlock nodded. “I know you think we’re stupid.”
The man nodded and gestured for them to climb into the now empty compartment. Silvia and Harry went first, then John and Maeve, his father stepped in last and after a moment they were sealed into the glass compartment. John sat down on the bench and pried his hand away from Maeve long enough to shrug the bag off of his shoulder and reposition her hat so it wasn’t falling of her head, then gave it back to her.
It was as though a lightbulb went off in the detective inspectors head. He said slowly, “no.”
“Safer?” John repeated, confused.
“I always get the blame.”
Sherlock swept out the room without looking back at Maeve.
“She is not a lady,” Sherlock said simply. His hand ran down his daughter’s back.
of May?” His mother repeated.
“Yes,” he called back, ducking into the kitchen for a moment before striding back into the lounge with a bottle and bottle warmer in hand, “why?”
“I will make sure that you never see me or Maeve again,” he said again, his voice calm and sure. There was no doubt that this was a threat, a threat that Mycroft had no doubt that his brother would follow through on. “I will take her, and we will disappear. You know that I can, and I will, if you continue to hold your misguided sense of power over me and my raising of her.”
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed.
Sherlock twisted his neck to look at him, “couldn’t sleep.”
“Coffee.”
“You going to put her down?”
“No, that’s normal I think.”
“Hmmm” Sherlock acknowledge them but didn’t respond, instead he focused entirely on his daughter.
His father nodded. Sherlock walked to the left side of the bed and arranged the pillows against the headboard, when he was satisfied he perched on the edge and looked up at his father. He was cradling the infant against his chest and watching his son with understanding and slight concern.
“She is dreadfully interesting.” Sherlock widened his eyes like it was the most obvious thing in the world.
“I always hear her.” Sherlock said more to himself than anything.
"You're a bastard," John declared.
“Hello,” she cooed at Maeve. Maeve kicked her legs against Sherlock’s torso. “Come in out of the cold.”
John looked up at the battered detective inspector. He had a square piece of bandage on the back of his head, stuck to it with medical tape and a plaster on his chin. His black coat and trousers were dusty.
“What can we do?”
“Come on, it’s cute.”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow in triumph and jumped to his feet. “Drop her home later,” he instructed.
“Brother mine,” he greeted.
“Now? John and I take a cab home, probably on the longest and most expensive route until my daughter falls asleep when she does, I will go through the pile of cases Lestrade dropped off earlier this morning. John will, no doubt, update his blog and we’ll order takeaway. If we’re lucky, an interesting case may present itself but I am in high doubt, the criminal classes are really not what they used to be.”
“And I suppose I’m not going to either.”
“We need maternity.” Anthea responded, firing another text.
Anderson leered. “How could you not know? What kind of freak are you?”
“I consult with the police on occasion.”
“Because you’re you and you hate not knowing something.” John stood up. “You don’t understand how anybody could be so heartless, how anybody could abandon their child, and you want to know, you want to know why she did it.”
“I don’t know.” The pathologist was suddenly very unsure of herself.
Sherlock was awoken by a long meow and a small body jumping onto his chest. He jerked awake and blinked, staring into the eyes of their new cat, Jade. Her pupils were thin black lines against pale green irises.
“If you do, I owe you a drink.” John smiled.
“A kiss.” Mycroft sighed as though it was the most obvious thing in the world.
“Dalliance.” His father interjected for the sake of Mycroft’s privacy.
“Sherlock,” his father’s voice roused him from his staring.
“I am.” He snapped.
“You called yourself ‘Papa’, twice.” Sherlock sighed, hating to repeat himself.
Maeve blinked up at him from her position propped up on the sofa.
He found John in the living room, sat on his armchair with a cup of tea, half finished, on the table beside him and Maeve on his lap. The consulting detectives daughter was perched on his lap, sat up with her back against his chest in a sitting position, her neck craned backwards to look up at John. His hand on her chest to keep her upright and a soft toy dolphin in the other to entertain her.
Sherlock shrugged, “it’s a surprise my mother has yet to descend upon us.”
It meant that he was dodging people the entire time he drifting, seemingly without purpose, around the room. His daughter’s eyes flicked from one sparkling Christmas decoration to the other though she seemed to favour the large crystal chandelier above their heads.
“No, I’m just tired.” John said.
“I love you very much.” Maeve squeal in response, the sound echoing off the bathroom walls. “Yes, no need to blow it out of proportion. We don’t want you getting a big head. You’ll never grow into it otherwise.”
Sherlock pulled back and turned to face him, eyes wild. “Where is she?”
Sherlock nodded and looked down at his daughter. She was sprawled out on his chest with her head in the centre, mouth open and a patch of dribble forming on the silk. Her cheeks were rosy and her breathing even.
Mycroft tilted his head thoughtfully and his eyes narrowed.
“No.” Mycroft’s tone was absolute.
“I’m not worried Sherlock.”
“Half?” Angelo repeated.
“Why did Mycroft save us back there?” John asked, focusing on his flatmate.
“Because it was quiet in Afghanistan,” John snorted, “and I wouldn’t say that I enjoyed my time there.”
“Safer” Mycroft corrected. “Safer than the alternative. He’s fed her.”
“Let’s get daddy some clothes,” he suggested and plucked a dressing gown and pyjamas from the drawers.
Mycroft smiled to himself comfortable in the knowledge that John knew him so well and that he also couldn’t see him at this exact moment. He placed a teabag in each cup. “We attended a meeting.”
“Half the rent,” Sherlock corrected him smugly.
“I do know that I’d be lost without you.”
A mixture of annoyance and amusement flashed across his face.
Sherlock shrugged and placed the book on the sofa beside him. He craned his neck to look at his daughter, she was already rather board of the play mat. “You’ve brought gifts.”
“There is no doubt. But I do not wish to overwhelm Maeve at this stage and this will be a tedious enough conversation without them fawning all over her.”
Sophia smiled and picked up the crayon she’d been using previously. The drawing was rather messy but it was clearly Father Christmas and his reindeer delivering gifts.
“And how is my niece this afternoon?” He asked, focusing on the baby that was just waking up in her Moses Basket. It had been moved to the centre of the living room and she squirmed beneath the blankets and released a high pitched whine.
“That man.” She scolded.
Sherlock observed John for a moment and gave a soft nod.
“How is Mycroft taking it?”
“megsghf hffhfcihfhf.” He groaned.
“Try me.” John challenged.
“Well that sounds interesting.” Harold said.
There was an extensive amount of this he would need for her. The spare bedroom upstairs would have to be converted into a nursery, he’d have to ask Mrs Hudson in the morning while informing her that she had a new tenant that was a baby. She’d stay in his room for now, for the first few months at least, he needed a Moses basket and a cot for his room. It was in pristine order but the rest of the house would have to be cleaned and made safe for her.
Maeve woke up the moment they began boarding the plane.
“Celine?” John repeated, eyebrows rising. “As in, Celine? Maeve’s mother?”
“I thought that we might go for a walk and get some dinner.” Silvia suggested.
“It’s a bit bloody in there, nothing you haven’t seen before, of course.”
The aftermath of the kidnapping. This chapter is basically a continuation of the last because it was getting too long.
“Do you want me to?” John seemed surprised.
“Yes.”
“How do you know this?” John asked curiously.
“Not an arrogant bastard.”
“It was rather unexpected.” Sherlock admitted pulling himself away from the microscope and putting his other hand on his daughter’s body to support her a she slept soundly.
“Are you up to this Sherlock?” Greg asked. It was vital that he knew the truth. Sherlock gave a slow sure nod of his head. Greg’s eyes widened slightly and then he frowned, “Are you sure?”
“It’s not even Halloween yet,” Sherlock said.
“But you could get her back?” John asked, hopeful.
“You want to question the boyfriend tomorrow?”
Maeve looked up at him, craning her neck, and gurgled again in response.
"And she'll inherit it from you?"
“Come on darling,” Sherlock hushed.
Code…something was wrong with Maeve then.
An odd silence had settled over the house. It wasn’t quite the silence Mycroft was used to after living alone for so many years. There was the shuffle of feet and creak of floorboards from the other rooms occupied by his parents and brother. There was the distinct tap of his brother’s fingers on a keyboard followed by pacing and then a hushed phone call. His room was louder than it had been in years. The soft rhythmic breathing of his daughter may have been almost inaudible to the untrained ear but to him, it was a like a siren. It was new. A sound unlike any the walls of this house had ever heard before.
“Yes, spaghetti bolognese. From scratch.”
He picked up the Moses basket by the handles and carried it down the stairs with the utmost care.
Then she was sick.
“This is a list of fruit and vegetables with ticks and crosses,” Sherlock could hear the frown as he spoke. “Some have a question mark and there are mixtures here too. You’ve been cooking.”
“I need to be here when he calls.” Sherlock said, exhale noisily.
“Be my guest.” Sherlock gestured towards the bathroom.
Thirty-Seven: the latest victim turns up alive, and the unthinkable happens. (Sorry in advance for this chapter).
Mycroft bowed his head. “Well, I’ll see to it you’re rewarded when all of this is…”
John opened his mouth to speak but was interrupted by Maeve whining loudly, both pairs of eyes flicked to the baby in the Moses Basket as she began to wake up, stretching her limbs and rubbing at her eyes with tiny fists. She blinked herself awake and looked up at the ceiling, rosy lips quivering slightly. Sherlock lent over so that he was in her line of sight and her lips stopped, she gurgled impatiently and whined again. Sherlock rolled his eyes and scooped her up. He pulled her into their favourite position, her face pressed against his neck and hands supporting her small body against his chest.
“I love you but it was hilarious,” John resolved and continued with his story, “he was getting her ready for bed and mucking about -”
Mycroft released a soft chuckle. Sherlock shot a brief look at him. “You hated your hair being washed.”
He managed a smile. “Yes.”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at the youngest of the Lestrade children.
Sherlock bit back a smile and handed his daughter to the pathologist. Molly cradled her like a natural, eyes roaming over the baby in fond fascination. God, she just enchanted everyone she met. Maeve, such a fitting name. She was rather intoxicating.
“Oh, you know, fitting fatherhood alongside a career. It’s not an easy task, I imagine.”
“She alright?” John asked as he came out of the flat and stepped aside to allow his parents to pass.
“She’s getting strong,” Sherlock told him.
“What’s he done now?” John asked.
“There’s the object of his rage.” John commented.
Chloe smiled at her, “hello.”
Violet nodded and sat down.
“A sadist.” Sherlock nodded, lip pulling up into a slight smile and eyes twinkling. “The torture would suggest as much.”
Sherlock strode into the flat at exactly quarter past eleven. The flat was silent, shrouded in darkness as he paused in the lounge to drape his coat and scarf over the back of one of the desk chairs before making his way towards the only light in the flat. It was the coloured glow of Maeve’s nightlight that sat on his side of the room, on his bedside table beside her Moses basket. He stepped into the room, not making a sound as he did so.
“Where did Sherlock go?”
“I know.” Sherlock repeated, flopping onto the sofa dramatically. He landed with a soft thump, his face in the pillow and feet hanging off the end.
“I hope to have that remedied.” Mycroft told him.
“I can have a car take you to the office,” Mycroft offered, he looked up from his newspaper and smiled at his partner, announcing “Anthea will be here any moment.”
“You’re not disturbing us,” John assured him, stepping past to let him into the room.
Maeve stirred in her pram, face scrunching up and gloved fist coming to rub at her eye in jerky movements. She was going to be hungry and would need changing. He looked up for a moment. There was a café, small and clean looking. It wasn’t very busy, only quarter past eleven. The consulting detective went in and sat himself down at the table in the corner, there was enough room for the buggy to rest beside the table and look in on Maeve.
Sherlock looked down at his daughter, her head was against his collarbone looking up at him, lip quivering slightly and she whined. “Aww, you don’t want to go to sleep, is that it?” Maeve whined again, distressed.
“She might not be.”
“Touché.”
When he stopped in front of her, for inspection, she brushed the curl that fell over his forehead to the side with a smile and then took a step back to get a good look at as he put on his jacket. It was elegant much like his usual suits; raven black with a slight shimmer in the fabric that was understated and only visible in direct light. The trousers were narrowed-legged and the jacket; a simple two-button, slim cut that sat perfectly above his shirt. It was a pale pink, so pale that it merely looked slightly off white with dark purple buttons. The colour matched exactly the dress he’d got for Maeve that was currently hanging on the door of his wardrobe.
She moved quickly. It was quicker than he could in his disorientated state and she struck him hard in the side. He registered the searing pain as she withdrew the knife in one quick well practised movement, leaving him breathless.
Mycroft nodded and answered for his brother, while the young Holmes entertained himself with the soft strands of hair atop of his daughter’s head. “Sherlock’s partner is a doctor, then there is myself and Gregory, he is a Detective Inspector at New Scotland Yard, our parents see Maeve weekly and are always happy to lend a helping hand.”
Sherlock heaved and sigh and climbed to his feet.
“I need to see her.” He demanded.
“She laughed,” Sherlock declared like it was new information.
Maeve’s lips tugged into a smile.
“Yes, Violet is rather,” he lowered his voice, “excitable at this time of year. It was worse knowing that both of the boys would be here and it’s Maeve’s first Christmas so she just went…overboard.”
He continued, “Would you like me to take her?”
“Hardly,” John scoffed, “Sherlock’s brilliant with her and honestly, I’m fairly redundant, he is so attentive and well, I help out when I can but he doesn’t really need it.”
Sherlock nodded. “Will your parents like me?”
The boys go shopping and pop in on a crime scene on the way home. Just an ordinary day...or not.
“This is adorable.” His mother declared, holding up brightly coloured floral playsuit.
Maeve gurgled again, this time louder.
“A little bit,” Anthea admitted with a slight pull of the lips. “But I expected nothing less.”
Greg sounded flustered.
“Yes.” Sherlock nodded and turned back, putting some distance between himself and the doctor. He turned, his mother was watching him with a knowing grin. He suddenly didn’t look happy anymore. “Weren’t you just leaving?”
“Not because of her choice of partner.”
"Hardly" Sherlock scoffed, he nodded his head towards Maeve. The evidence that he was not only not a virgin but a fully functioning human being, something that others had doubted for so long.
“Sometimes.” John added as he followed Sherlock out of the room, glancing over his shoulder with a smirk.
The phone rang four time before being picked up. Sherlock spoke immediately, not wasting time. “John, you need to come home.”
“I am.” Sherlock
“She planned it.” Sherlock accused as he unbuttoned his shirt. John snorted. He continued. “She waited until I had showered and changed.”
“Yes.” He said. He shifted her into one arm and ran his other hand over her head, the soft strands of her hair tickling his fingers. “Almost there.”
Greg’s eyes lit up the moment he looked up from the flimsy cup of tea in his hands to see Sherlock approaching pushing the purple buggy with John beside him. The Detective Inspector got up from his position lent against the wall and walked to meet them as they crossed under the yellow tape, he immediately peered into the buggy ignoring the adults in favour of the baby who had woken up on the journey. She looked up at him with wide blue eyes and growled excitedly.
“One formal meeting and the other informal, a friendly chat, Maeve will be no bother.”
Sherlock’s eyes flicked to the army doctor, abandoning his book and then looking at his daughter – awake and content tucked against him, eyes blue and still slightly droopy from sleep. “Fine” He answered, voice rumbling low in his chest.
“I trust you had a good night.” She smiled again.
Mycroft hung around the flat for longer than necessary. It was obvious that he was worried about leaving Sherlock alone with Maeve after his trip. After his second cup of tea, he seemed satisfied enough and left, promising to return later with her belongings.
Sherlock nodded, "not my first time."
“Did you hear me Sherlock?” His landlady asked as she climbed up the stairs and stopped in the doorway.
“Evelyn Clarice Rose Holmes.”
“She seems…more settled.” He said, lowering his voice and calming his tone.
John placed a glass of red wine on the coffee table in front of the consulting detective.
“Merry Christmas Sherlock.”
The tape showed him turn right at the crossroad and disappear into a throng of people.
Sherlock listened to the hushed voices as John explained and returned when the bottle was made and warmed to the precise temperature. John was sat in the exact same place he had been, now with Maeve nestled against his chest, her small fist running over the collar and button of his shirt. Silvia had a handkerchief in her hands and Harold was now perched on the arm of the sofa beside his son, his hand on the younger Watson’s shoulder.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and explained as concisely as possible. “Everything you need is in the bag. She’s fussy today, she woke up at five and refused to go back to sleep. She’s only been down an hour but will be hungry soon, don’t be surprised if she doesn’t want to wake up to eat but she’s due a feed in about half an hour. If she’s fussing too much then offer her your hand or let her explore you, she likes that. She’ll need to have tummy time soon. There are spare clothes in the bag, she likes the bee toy and hold her close, and she likes to feel secure. I’m not sure when I’ll be back, Mycroft is going to pick her up and bring her home later.”
Sherlock hummed thoughtfully in answer, “had some…filing to do.”
He left his umbrella by the door and walked through the house. There were voices from the drawing room, mother and her friends then. He stopped in the kitchen to wash his hands before he entered. His mother was sat with at the table with Beatrice, Cecily and Arabella while his father was on the floor with Maeve who was on a blanket with a few soft toys surrounding her.
“Good morning you little terror.” Sherlock greeted his daughter with a fond smile. She removed her fists and blinked up at him, blue eyes clouded from sleep and pupil’s dilating in the increased light as she focused on him hovering above her. She yawned again and started kicking her legs in excitement.
John looked up from the ground and his mouth parted. He stepped towards the consulting detective but the taller man closed the distance, rushing to the collection of cars and ambulance parked along the warehouse.
“And you haven’t got a partner?” Doctor Green asked. Her cheeks turning pink. “I’m sorry it’s just-”
“You went to the park.” Sherlock scoffed, eyes flicking to his brother in amusement.
“Could have left a note” John said to the empty flat.
The consulting detective did not look away from the clock.
“What time does your mum want us around?” John asked with a small frown.
Greg gestured for them to follow and took them past Mycroft into the church and around the side, avoiding the crowds gathering in the pews and through a large wooden door into a side room. Sherlock immediately placed the carseat on the table and removed the blanket, his eyes flicked over the sleeping baby then back to the door as John carried in the dress (in a proper bag) and the changing bag.
Sherlock took a deep steadying breath and opened his eyes once more. He shifted in his seat and lent forward, careful not to disturb Maeve, asleep against his chest. “You know how my mind works.”
“Piss off!” Sherlock told him, looking down at his daughter.
He said it again Sherlock thought to himself as he watched the blonde with his daughter, interesting.
“Well, I’ll never be alone again, will I?”
The two men he was with looked surprised but nodded and stepped into a room.
“I see you’ve been cooking,” Mycroft stepped into the kitchen slowly, making sure to stroke one large hand over his nieces head before dropping down to kiss her on the forehead. He pulled the chair opposite Sherlock’s and nodded, “may I?”
“My father and I have never seen eye to eye, I’ve always been a disappointment to him and in that regard, and he has been the same to me. Before Maeve came into our lives, I saw him two years previous, and before that, four years.”
“What’s her name?” His mother asked. Her voice was shaky.
“She sleeping?”
I hope this makes sense.
“Yes, I prefer the latter option too.”
The pram was already set up in the hallway ready for him. He placed her gently inside and tucked her underneath the blanket, hand lingering for a moment before pulling back. “Come on you little terror, the game is on.”
“You sure?” John asked.
“Whose baby is it?”
“But you hate these events.”
“She was fine,” Mycroft assured him with a tight but friendly smile.
“The boyfriend.”
“And your parents?”
The grey haired detective sighed and ran a hand through his hair, not bothering with a polite smile as the officer nodded and ducked away. He shared a look with John – that of pure dread and worry, for both Sherlock and Maeve – and then tilted his head towards the consulting detective.
“Sherlock.” John scolded as he came back into the room. He placed Rosie on the floor.
“The case needs to be closed.”
Sherlock looked horrified by the idea.
“Probably.”
Sherlock looked back up at Mike Stamford. The portly man’s eyes wide in shock and jaw slack at the sight before him. “Is that yours?”
“Fine.” The consulting detective called out after a moment. John chuckled and returned to making the tea. The sound of the front door caught John’s attention and he retrieved a few more cups from the cupboard.
“John did the kitchen yesterday,” Mrs Hudson informed him as she placed the last book back on the shelf.
“Before you know it she’ll be covered in food and paint.” His father added thoughtfully.
Violet looked down at the baby on her shoulder with affection. “This is Sherlock’s little girl.”
Sherlock glared at him. “This isn’t funny John.”
“Morning stroll,” Sherlock offered.
They were in John's office, a small plain room like most doctor surgeries that had a sturdy desk in front of the window, his desk chair pushed back from where he'd got up to collect the detective and his baby from the waiting area. Sherlock was stood beside the uncomfortable looking examination table and Maeve's pram left in the centre of the room with Maeve's inside, kicking and gurgling noisily.
Mycroft sighed. “Where’s John?”
“Don’t pretend you don’t know what I’m talking about. Greg sent you an invitation months ago.” Sherlock pursed his lips and rubbed circles into his daughters back. “He’s mentioned it at almost every crime scene for the past two months.”
Sherlock silently reached for Maeve, removing her hand from John's so that he could move the stethoscope away and the detective could re-button her baby grow. She squirmed but let him with little trouble.
“I know you know.”
“She’s very protective and loves kids.”
A_Woman_of_Stone left me a beautiful comment (thank you for all the comments, all of them are amazing and mean so much to me) and suggested a fic about Moriarty and it got me thinking, so yeah, I'm going to do a oneshot about the time that Maeve and Moriarty spent together. Look out for it, it will be called 'Ideal Enemy' and I'll be updating 'Ideal Uncle' in the next week.
“This is all of it?” Moriarty asked with a murderous look.
“But you’re always to blame,” Sherlock smiled for the first time since he came into the house. “Hasn’t been a big brother taught you anything?”
The pictures were of him holding her in that seated position, dress tumbling down elegantly and him mainly looking down at her instead of towards the camera. He sighed, “I assume you’re following us to the reception.”
“Will I be welcome?”
“Shall I make my own tea then?”
“Aren’t you going to go with him?” Greg asked. A few hours ago the detective was unable to let the infant out of his sight.
“She’s not tired.”
“She followed you here.” John repeated, shocked.
“No?” John repeated.
“I feel like an elephant.” Claire mumbled but she was smiling. She enjoyed every part of the pregnancy.
He rolled his eyes. His daughter was rather fixated with his fingers and sticking them in her mouth, she had done it to others of course but favoured him.
“I told you. He hit me, has been for years. I snapped.”
“But we’ve gained more than we could have imagined.” Sherlock said sincerely.
Anthea nodded in understanding. “Anything else, Sir?”
“Are you sleeping?”
“She ok?” John asked, leaning over the corner of the table to look at Maeve.
“Goodnight Sherlock” John returned, handing the bottle and muslin to his partner, “Goodnight Maeve.”
“Thank you.” The army doctor smiled and regarded the gift.
“I warned you, I will not be held responsible.”
John’s face scrunched up and he slowly woke. He turned onto his side and blinked away the sleep. He took a moment to consider it before asking, “Is that a cat?”
“Good case?” John interrupted.
He continued as he rubbed the shampoo into her hair softly in small circles. “I know that you love him, you love to spend time with him, he’s one of your favourite people, he takes care of you, and he will
“There you are, your mother is looking for you.” John told him the moment he stopped beside him.
The address was for a warehouse in central London. And the only instructions were that he come alone with Mycroft, everybody else was to remain outside. They pulled up and Sherlock jumped out of the car.
“I need to be awake for this.” Sherlock said simply, pouting as he turned back to face Sally and stepped into the office after Lestrade.
“The teething rings need to go in the fridge,” Sherlock called to her, stepping closer to the kitchen and craning his neck to watch her. “Put the pink one in a bowl of ice.”
“I hope you like lamb,” Violet said to Silvia and Harold, sat across from them on the table.
There was some fumbling and John returned to his side just in time for the gifts to be handed out.
“I’m not exactly the ideal father John.”
He stopped at the top of the stairs, protected by the slightly open door as he peaked in. John was on his chair while Mycroft had Maeve across his lap on the sofa, head on his pillowed knees and feet kicking towards his stomach. She was squirming and gurgling, but not in discomfort. She seemed pretty happy with her uncle.
“Piss off” Sherlock responded with none of his usual bite.
“Hardly,” Sherlock agreed. He looked at the floor for a moment before looking back up and meeting the detective inspector’s eyes. “When was the last time you saw my brother.”
Two paramedics manoeuvred a gurney out of the door and down the two steps carefully, his brothers strapped to the trolley with an oxygen mask over his face and his eyelids fluttering shut. John was glued to his side.
Mycroft and Greg were sat together on the sofa when John arrived home. The elder Holmes on one side with his back incredibly straight and Greg beside him, close together. Maeve was sleeping in her Moses basket that was on the coffee table, snoring gently as they watched the television on mute.
John smiled and nodded. “This is Maeve-“
“John” Lestrade said.
“I know, so wipe it and put it in the wash.”
Maeve calmed at the sound of his voice and comforting movements. Sherlock kept whispering comforting phrases to her, she wouldn’t yet understand but she needed to get used to the sound of his voice. Her picked up one of her tiny hands in his own and held it, loosely but reassuringly. He looked up at the camera in the corner, aware that John was watching him and smiled before looking back down at his daughter. “Let’s get you changed and fed, then Daddy will tell you a story.”
“You can hold her,” Mycroft told her with a tone of nonchalance. He picked up the pile of files he’d place down earlier and put them in his briefcase. Anthea made no move. He sighed inwardly. “She likes physical contact after waking up or else she feels alone and makes a fuss.”
They didn’t have to queue at the London Eye. Mycroft had made them an advanced private booking and they were shown to the front of the queue where Harry was waiting, looking awkwardly at her feet.
“Right,” Sherlock nodded towards her. “May I?”
The flat was too quiet without Sherlock and Maeve.
Siger rolled his eyes. “That boy.”
Sherlock hummed. “It was a five at most.”
He unstrapped her from the chair and picked her up, twisting her mid-air so that she was facing the right way and placed her on his side, legs either side of his torso, her head at the same height as his. She dropped the teething ring and reached out, grabbing his hair in her fists and pulling his face impossibly close to hers.
Domestic life is hard for Sherlock but as long as he has John and Maeve, he knows he'll be alright. Or, Sherlock spends the day at home with Maeve and they begin taste-testing foods while Uncle Mycroft arrives for his weekly visit.
“A little longer.” He said quietly.
John bit back a smirk. “Sorry but it’s true. Right now, she can’t dress herself so we might as well dress her in cute stuff now before it’s too late, it’ll make good pictures.”
“Can you take her?” Sherlock asked.
“Yes, it is rather hot. Have you thought about putting clothes on her?” He asked, gesturing towards his niece with a raised eyebrow.
“We?”
“It is my belief-” Mycroft began, a knock at the door interrupted him and he stopped, closing his mouth and turning towards the door.
“What do you reckon?” Dimmock asked.
“No, I just made sure that she was completely still and watched her,” Sherlock flashed him a fake smile, a lame attempt to hide his torment.
There was silence.
“I solve crimes.”
“We’re going to pay the ransom?” Greg asked. It was the logical action but he’s assumed Mycroft would have something up his sleeves. Sherlock was silent.
Sherlock hummed. It was true, his daughter had a certain fondness for water.
In hindsight, this job was extremely messy and not at all worth the effort. With Maeve kicking her paint slick feet around, it was a dodging game to avoid being covered in the pale pink paint. Sherlock, ever a master at his role, managed to dodge the feet with extreme precision. His father sighed and hiked the baby further up and away from his clothes as Sherlock handed yet another complete plate to the woman beside him. She took the plate and hurried to take it back to the kiln.
“The best.” Sherlock pursed his lip to hide his smile and placed his cup back in its saucer.
He knelt down, pushing his dressing gown out from behind him to avoid treading on it. A similar action that he did with his coat, no reason to dirty it. The baby’s eyes widened slightly, blue orbs following his movement and lips twitching slightly.
Sherlock smiled at that and lent down slightly, kissing him softly on the lips before pulling back, leaving a few millimetres between their lips.
“Exactly.” Sherlock nodded softly.
Siger smiled sadly at Sherlock, “your mother is running around like she usually does at these events.”
Doctor Green stepped closer to the room and gestured for him to step in.
Sherlock disappeared into the bathroom.
Maeve babbled and continued to play with the bubbles.
"She eaten?" John asked, crouching down and strapping Maeve into her chair.
“That doesn’t change the fact that she is obviously very beautiful. It’s good genetics.”
Sherlock tried to open his eyes but stopped himself as pain throbbed at the back of his skull.
Maeve was asleep, her head lolled to the side.
“Yes, but a temporary solution is still a solution.”
“Right, presents?”
The waiter looked slightly flustered but nodded and picked up two black leather-bound menus.
That was putting it mildly.
“Tall, blonde, tanned. French.” Sherlock supplied.
“I’m not afraid.” The elder Holmes sibling scoffed.
“Yes.” John nodded and then turned to his parents. “Sherlock’s parents insisted.”
“No, well, yes. You’re both being idiotic but you’re adults and you’ll work this
“Shut up,” John groaned, “the pair of you.”
“You decided to keep her even though you never wanted children.” Molly said, there was respect and awe in her voice.
“Right.” Greg nodded.
“Where are we going?” John asked, annoyed and ready to follow.
“The funeral.”
It was dark outside and the curtains were drawn. John had his eyes closed but was not sleeping; his breathing indicated that he was still awake and the gears in his head were practically screaming. Sherlock let him keep up the charade, he obviously didn’t want to talk for whatever reason, not that he did himself, but kept his attention solely on Maeve. She was sleeping between then, cradled in his long arm and using the limb as a pillow. His body was angled completely towards her, not wanting to take his focus away from her for a moment.
John smirked and opened the first present. It was a long rectangle box with a very expensive stethoscope inside with the engraving ‘my heart’. John stared at it for a few moments. It would have been painful to watch if Sherlock hadn’t known that he was completely delighted with it.
Sherlock didn’t answer. He just looked down at the baby for a moment. She was very…likable, he supposed. Tiny, a miniature human being, fascinating really and adorable…and well he made her.
"Babies aren't easy" Sherlock informed her, trying to remedy the situation. "In Fact my life has become far more complicated since her arrival, she requires constant attention, none of which I could give her without the flexibility of my chosen profession."
“Sir,” she nodded in confirmation and fired off a text quicker than lightening.
“He hasn’t been here since you moved in.” Greg told him with a thankful smile.
“Just tell us.” His father snapped. “What’s happened?”
Mrs Hudson took Maeve from John and the blonde. Sherlock pulled on his shirt and dressing gown, turning back to the mirror. They had a case to solve after all, they would leave once John was dressed, they had tea and Maeve was fed, again. It seemed to be all she did, eat and sleep. Not that he was surprised, just annoyed. He wanted to see some more important milestones.
“Mycroft has been pestering me to tell you something.”
John was making his way around the people with a mulled wine he’d picked up thirty minutes ago in his hand. The hot drink was now cold and the smell drifted around the room.
Maeve, on the other hand, was not ready for sleep in the slightest. She was too occupied with the toys surrounding her and the mission of turning onto her front which she was beginning to master. Sherlock sat back and scanned the online Telegraph while keeping a weathered eye on her. Soon, all his attention would need to be on her at all times once she was moving. The thought was both thrilling and terrifying. She was already growing up so fast. He cleared his throat and glanced at Maeve as she contorted her body so that she was on her front instead of her back. The cat looked up but sensing there was no danger, she closed her eyes and drifted off to sleep.
“You.”
“You told me to check your emails,” John frowned. “For any interesting cases.”
“Reading.”
A sanctuary of sorts.
“Exactly, I observed her natural behaviour.”
“Yes, fresh air.” Sherlock gestured wildly and left the room.
“Greg” John greeted with a smile.
“And her own excrement’s, in all likelihood.” Sherlock sniffed.
“John’s been good as gold.” Molly spoke up. Sherlock set her a ‘how would you know’ look, she blushed and pulled her mobile from the lab coat pocket. “We text.”
“Bored of retirement.” Sherlock deduced.
“Can we go now?” Sherlock turned his head to look at John.
“That was a long time ago.”
“And I’ll be back.”
“Don’t be so silly.”
“Sherlock.” John said sternly.
Jade meowed again and Sherlock snapped out of his thought. “What?”
The lift ground to a halt and the doors opened to reveal the second floor.
Maeve was still awake, blue eyes forced open and getting fussier by the second. John lent over the pram handle so that she had a good view of him and spoke to her softly. “Your Daddy is working a case, he solves crime. He pretends that it’s because of the ‘game’ but he likes to help people, he’d never admit it but that feeling, the one of solving a case, it’s the best.”
“What’s wrong with wanting something sweet?” Sherlock asked.
“Is daddy thinking?” He asked her. She grunted in response. “Your Papa will take care of you.”
John snorted, “He’s put me on mute.”
“Ilikeitwhenshesmiles” Sherlock blurted inaudibly.
“Everything.”
Silvia gushed over John and Maeve the moment they were home. She went to make tea but was intercepted by Mrs Hudson who insisted on making it himself after introductions were made. They sat in the longue, John in his armchair, and his parents on the sofa with the news on in the background.
“I get it, she’s really cute and has those rosy cheeks.”
“Louise, stop it. This isn’t what we discussed.” He argued, eyes pleading.
Mycroft sighed. “Use John.”
“I know what I’m doing Sherlock.” She reprimanded gently.
The party was all Sherlock feared it would be; an excuse to get drunk. There was a punch that was being drained rather quickly despite the early hour and people were chatting loudly, some were even singing along to the disturbing Halloween playlist that had been selected. Sherlock was stood near Lestrade’s office eagerly awaiting his chance to leave as John told a joke that he’d picked up in the army to a group of rowdy detectives. He occasionally glanced over his shoulder at the consulting detective as though he was scared that he was just going to disappear.
Sherlock nodded. He pulled Maeve away from his chest and held her outstretched for a moment as she got used to the change before twisting slightly in the seat to get a better angle as he passed his daughter to his mother. The older woman cradled her in her arms, completely silent and holding her breath from fear. Her eyes were fixed to the tiny infant, blinking up at her with curiosity while Sherlock remained close, closer than she was used to with him. He quickly pulled the small hat and gloves from his daughter, allowing his fingers to caress the skin for a moment.
“Just what every man dreams of being.” Sherlock scoffed.
Mycroft narrowed his eyes at Greg critically and sighed, he admitted, “Sentimental, happy, scared, tired, proud and old.”
The detective conceded with a small nod of his head. “I was under the impression that a child conceived out of wedlock would not be acceptable in their eyes, let alone fathered by me, I was wrong in that regard, they have been nothing but supportive in my raising of Maeve, and interfere only because they care.”
Mycroft nodded and crossed the room in a few graceful steps. He stopped for a second to scan over his brother’s body and decide on the best course of action before placing Maeve on Sherlock’s uninjured side. She was lain on her front with her head tucked neatly into his neck and hands resting on his bare chest. He shifted so that his nose was in her hairline and inhaled deeply as she blinked herself awake, the familiar scent washed over him. He closed his eyes and sighed contentedly.
A moment later the bathroom door slammed shut, Maeve’s eyes widened slightly and John sat on the floor beside her. He wordlessly handed over his finger to her, she gripped it again and placed it into her mouth before John could argue. “That’s lovely that is.” John told her, voice forgiving. Maeve suckled on his finger, drool dripping down the digit and her chin as she began gnawing with her gums. “You’re too cute for your own good.”
Maeve squealed, this time louder.
“She’ll remain with me.” He said firmly.
Sherlock shook his head.
Maeve gurgled loudly. Sherlock rolled his eyes and twisted on the spot. Maeve shrieked in delight.
“Should she be sleeping so much?” Greg asked.
Mycroft strode into the room without as much as a look at his aunt and uncle. Instead, he sat on the sofa that his brother was in front of and handed his niece another piece of food. She looked at it and him with the curiosity that always seemed to tinge her expression and love, the love only an infant can understand.
Sherlock flashed a fake grin. “Better.”
“Are you going to stand in the doorway all afternoon, brother mine?” Sherlock asked, opening his eyes to look up at the tall man critically.
Sherlock popped a single sugar cube into the closest cup and then passed it to his brother.
Mycroft took the leaflets, his eyes flicking over each of them. “Thank you.”
“What? How?” John asked, eyes narrowing in confusion.
“To disguise his voice, did it make it deeper?” Mr Innes nodded. “And, what did he say?”
“A foot, I think.”
Mycroft nodded and shifted Maeve higher up his hip. She gurgled happily.
The sale assistant didn’t bother to suppress his laugh.
After feeding, burping and changing his niece, Mycroft Holmes found himself lain on his front beside Maeve. She was on her stomach on a colourful mat with a cushioned head rest, she was holding her head up but Mycroft could see the strain in her neck as her fingers caressed the bright material. Mycroft caught the delicate face of his niece before it landed on the cushion, overly protective.
John stared at him blankly. “I’m going to need some coffee.”
“Alone?”
I'll be back at uni soon, and hopefully, I will be updating regularly but you know how it is, I always get a bit off with updating when close to deadlines or particularly stressed. I will try my best to be better for you all.
He was on the front page of at least seven different newspapers, a picture of him cradling Maeve protectively on his shoulder was the favourite accompanying headlines such as ‘Sherlock Holmes the doting dad spotted cradling baby daughter on a stroll through the city’. There was no name published, only that she was a baby girl and that she was born at the beginning of May. It was also lucky that they hadn’t managed to get a good shot of her, only her back and slightly curled back hair against Sherlock’s chest. The consulting detective however looked good pale skin practically glowing in the sunshine and dark curly hair, eyes severe but soft as he gazed down at his daughter.
“We need equipment for feeding, changing, sleeping, bath time, getting around, soothing and entertaining.” Sherlock answered quickly, after reading all night he had devised a list of everything they needed, a rather extensive list. “And clothes, now she is wearing new born but babies grow quickly, we’ll need clothes to prepare for that as well. Mycroft with furnish the room we’ll need to provide everything else.”
“What makes you think that I found something?” Sherlock asked, curious. He stood up and turned to John, eyebrow raised.
“You too?”
Josh started, delicately snipping the strong thread. "She might not be yours, for all I know you just picked her up and claimed she was yours."
The doctor placed the bag on the floor at the foot of the sofa, it needed to be restocked.
“Lunch.”
Sherlock shrugged and placed his hands on the arms of the chair, pushing his body up until he was crouching on the leather. John watched intently, reminded of the second time he visited Baker Street after the consulting detective had found the pink suitcase. He remained perched like a bird of prey, small pupils watching his daughter and the blonde attentively. John blinked then caught on to what he wanted and stood up, supporting Maeve with one hand across her chest and the other on her bum; he handed her over to the consulting detective who reached for her eagerly. Sherlock replaced John’s hands with his own cautiously, then brought the small wiggling baby close to his chest. She smiled against his collar bone as he stood up in the chair and stepped down elegantly, long legs keeping the movement smooth and leaving Maeve undisturbed.
“You went swimming?” John asked in disbelief, “You woke up, saw these newspapers and decided to take Maeve swimming.”
She was the most likeable of the bunch at six years old and wore a pink dress with rabbits on it.
“Yeah but then who’d keep you in line?” her eyes twinkled mischievously.
Violet pulled back but kept a hand on her son’s shoulder, “Where is she?”
“Are you ok?” John asked as they stepped back onto the street.
“I don’t want you to change – cleaner, yes; more polite, yes – but you can’t change your sleeping pattern. I know you have trouble sleeping. You crash when you need sleep, it’s how you work.” John informed him, sighing softly, “And normal, normal boring.”
“Not in the most conventional way.”
“Right, so him and the baby…Evelin, they’re home now?”
“No?” Greg repeated, unsure.
“Sorry. I didn’t know you’d have her.” He admitted sheepishly.
He stepped aside and lent against a wall to avoid the throng of moving bodies. They passed with tired smiles.
“It’s snowing.”
“I hate you both,” John muttered under his breath knowing full well that they could both hear him.
“Do you see them?” Sherlock asked his daughter.
Sherlock cleared his throat and strode towards his father and brother.
“So I’ve been told.” He drawled.
“My parents have yet to be informed of the situation.” He admitted.
“Now give her to Nanny,” Silvia instructed.
There was no way he could avoid social interaction now. He turned to face the owner.
“Semantics.” Sherlock agreed.
“I’m not a monster John.” Sherlock scoffed, “I understand that some traditions, such as the buying of gifts, though extremely superficial are necessary.”
“She’s on finger foods now, how wonderful.” Petunia, his aunt said from the other side of the room.
Sherlock opened his mouth and then closed it again. “Right…” he said, unconvinced. “Anything interesting?”
“Yes, that party. Mr I remember everything.”
“She got a room?” He gestured towards the sleeping infant.
“It’s worth going over again.” The doctor forced a smile.
The car pulled up the front of the house and John turned off the engine.
“No, I deduced it.” He sounded far too proud.
Greg nodded and the officer spared one more glance at Maeve before walking away, leaving Lestrade standing by the car with the mini-Holmes. He shook his head and looked down at the baby with a fond smile, “already breaking hearts.”
Sherlock smiled at his landlady’s retreating form and then turned to John, the blondes face still sterner than he would like. John pointed at him, “text or leave a note next time, I was worried sick.”
“Are you sure?”
Greg nodded in confirmation.
“No, I will visit between then and be available at times for when you need a babysitter, as will Gregory. But Wednesdays will be set up for me to see her, in case I do not get the chance.”
“We can’t wait until he’s made a mistake,” John said simply.
She looked up at Sherlock, smile still firmly in place and asked, “Have you got any questions?”
Sherlock scrunched his nose in disgust, “my grandmother preferred a room at the front of the house.”
It was one of his earliest memories. Mycroft playing the piano.  Music had always been part of his life. If it wasn’t his mother singing as she potted about the house or his father playing music that his mother did not like or approve of, it was Mycroft on the piano. He’d picked up the violin early, it was expected of him and he couldn’t resent his parents for that. The music he produced on it had been his only solace for some years. An expression of himself, Mycroft had once put it.
George returned the nod as did the others sat around the table.
“We’re going to Mycroft’s house?”
The infant was wearing a small red dress that mimicked a Santa costume. It would have been cute had it not been exactly the opposite of what Sherlock would have dressed her in. The only good thing was that he had a spare set of clothes for her in the bag, ready for an ‘accidental’ spillage of food or drink.
“There is poison?”
“He’s pretty busy but I think we can squeeze you in.” she promised, smirking as she picked up the phone. “I’ll call in, see if he can see you.”
His phone buzzed with the response.
The tour ended in the kitchen. Sherlock was holding Maeve close to his chest, back and neck supported by his chest, sitting on one arm and the other across her small body to stop her falling. Blue eyes flicked around inquisitively. Violet looked delighted as he approached.
“- no previous drug use.” John finished.
Claire snorted in amusement and focused again on her lunch.
“She is your daughter.” John argued.
Mycroft shut the door, he added. “An almost exact image. Gregory sends his apologised, he has been called into work and shan’t be able to make dinner.”
Maeve did not sleep through the night. Sherlock sat up with her in the early hours of the morning, cradling her in his long arms with a blanket while watching the dark gardens from the window. He had moved from the bed, not wanting to disturb John, and positioned himself on the window seat, lent against the wall with his legs bent in front of him.
“I’ll get it dad.” John told him.
“I’m going downstairs.” Sherlock strode from the room.
Sherlock nodded and retrieved the presents that he’d been storing in the spare room. There was a sizable amount but he couldn’t bring himself to feel bad, it was his daughters first Christmas after all. They took some time arranging things and John retrieved some bags before they both took a step back and admired their work.
If there is any confusion about the previous chapter I apologize; there is no way that Social services could removed Maeve from Sherlock's care because of his job but they could take her away because of his drug use, though he is not taking drugs, he had before and that makes him a risk.
Sherlock frowned and nodded.
“If it isn’t too much trouble.”
“I wasn’t aware of her existence until yesterday evening, her mother kept things rather quiet and now she is in my care.” Sherlock explained, voice coming across softer than normal but John could hear the bite in his tone.
“In his room.” Mycroft answered, exchanging a look with Greg.
“Sherlock” His mother scolded.
“Yes, tomorrow afternoon.” Sherlock said thoughtfully. “And make sure they send over anything relevant, police reports etcetera. Pictures.”
“I believe a name is the first order of business.”
“Her belly buttons fully healed then?” Greg asked, he knew small talk wasn’t Sherlock’s thing but it was worth a shot, he loved talking about his daughter.
Sherlock jerked as though he had been hit and rose to his feet, “She comes first, she is everything. Do you understand? I’d never…”
John cleared his throat. “Look, I know you don’t like Sherlock. He’s a bit eccentric but you don’t have to like him, all you have to do it support me and my decision and be polite.”
John sighed and walked around the table to hand Maeve over.
When John stepped into the living room after work he wasn't sure what to expect, Sherlock sat upside down on the sofa or doing an expedient with Maeve, he was used to all sorts living sigh the consulting detective but what he didn't expect was Molly Hooper to be sitting on sofa unloading a cardboard tray of Chinese food onto the coffee table, which was clean.
“You have Molly and everyone at Scotland Yard. Then, there’s our family, but it’s probably best to keep you way from them for now.” He admitted with a sad kind of smile. “They can be a bit…”
“Well, she’s fine now, everything’s fine.”
John nodded. “I was just admiring your decorations.”
“Would you like to feed her?” John asked, spotting Sherlock as he stalked back into the room.
“I asked Mycroft the same thing,” Sherlock admitted as he placed the two gold sparkly shoes on his daughter’s moving feet. She giggled as he wrestled with her.
“Sherlock.” Violet stood up the moment they stepped into the tea room.
“Dinner.” Sherlock gave in answer.
Anthea left closing the door behind her as Sherlock moved to stand in front of his brother’s desk, pushing the pram so it was in line with his desk. She was finally sleeping soundly, a blanket over her legs and the bee toy to her side, one hand resting beside her face and curled into a small fist.
“Second in, two rows in front.” Mycroft offered from the seats in front of them.
“You have her?” Sherlock asked, well, demanded. Moriarty tutted and the sound of him moving around echoed. The consulting detective took a deep breath and snapped, “Jim!”
"Sleep, good idea." Sherlock agreed.
“A very smart young lady.”
“Chips.” Sherlock decided.
Molly smiled. It was good to see him happy. “Well I’m happy for you, she is quite lovely.”
“No but. You wrapped up your case and I got to see my folks.”
John paused on the threshold of the large room and watched for a moment before moving again, this time with far more caution than before. If he woke her now, Sherlock would not be happy. After a few moments, he was satisfied that light sounds would not wake her and went about unpacking once more.
Sherlock sighed. “You called him.”
John winced, “almost everything.”
“It was cold!” John repeated, firmer.
“Precisely,” Sherlock smirked and climbed out the car, leaving John to follow trying his best not to look flustered as he opened his own door and stepped onto the road.
“Someone stinks.” John observed with a wrinkled nose. He peered down at the baby in his arms suspiciously and she frowned in return. Her face expressing much, she did stink. “I’ll change her.”
“It’s fine Mum, we have a spare room.” The blonde said simply.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I enjoy golf but I highly doubt that it’s your sport.”
Sherlock’s hand dropped back to his side. “The attempted murder in your building.”
“No, it’s his baby.” She corrected, getting to her feet and looking down the hallway. “Imagine the pain knowing that he couldn’t protect his own baby, that he was only a few metres away when she died, all alone with no parents.”
“Come now.” Mycroft scolded, playing mother, again.
“You might want to sit down,” Sherlock added.
“Have you seen Louise since?”
“Shut up.” Sherlock told him, voice groggy from sleep and breathing against his ear. His breath was hot and John shivered involuntary.
“Do I?” Sherlock challenged.
Violet remained still. “I just thought-”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and stepped towards John, the blonde didn’t move for a moment but then stepped backwards, out of the doorway, and allowed his partner to pass, following him to the bed the bed. He place Maeve in the centre, still wrapped in her towel, her eyes flicked to the ceiling and then back to Sherlock as though she were feeling betrayed at being put down. She frowned and John sat down beside her.
The consulting detective gestured to the painting that the victim’s eyes were fixed upon and began, “Look, her eyes are telling you everything. She was working late for a reason but not painting, look at her arms, there are no splatters, so why was she working late? She was killed here in the gallery, there was a reason that she picked here, who was she meeting?”
“Obviously,” Sherlock repeated.
“Yes,” Sherlock repeated.
“Mother.” He returned politely, eyes flicking over the guests. “Ladies.”
Sherlock relaxed for the first time since they’d gotten home and said, softly. “I love you, John Watson.”
Sherlock shook his head quickly. “I thought you-”
“Almost home,” John said quietly.
“Coffee is more desirable,” he admitted.
“You’re right it’s our first time” Sherlock confirmed, “We’ve been busy.”
“Immensely” He admitted looking down at his daughter fondly, she was just starting to drop off against him, tired out by their activities.
“Great.” John commented. “We got a pet, and she doesn’t like to be touched.”
“Sure that you’re going to be ok in the back?”
Sherlock wanted to protest but nodded and handed her to him. The blonde gestured to the other door, that lead to a viewing area and Sherlock nodded in understanding. He walked into the morgue and John round to the separate are; he held Maeve and watched through the glass as Sherlock stepped close to the body on the table. He could hear every word that they said.
“I had my assistant go shopping” He clarified.
“Yes.” Greg was defeated.
“Fine?” She repeated unsure. Sherlock jumped to his feet, clasping his hands together for a moment as he walked over to Mycroft. Maeve was fighting sleep, her face scrunching up much like it did when he tried to wake her. Mycroft stood in a fluid movement, moving Maeve away from his chest to give Sherlock the right amount of leverage to scoop her up. She whined in discomfort, squirming minutely before settling with a deep inhale and long exhale of breath.
“The image of you.”
“When?” John asked, wrenching himself free from the detectives hold.
He held her close like Sherlock had but on his side, she supported her own head and his eyes skimmed over her face and neck, fingers following his gaze. He looked up at Sherlock, “I need to lay her down.”
“Your concern is noted.” Mycroft flashed a tight-lipped smile.
“Yeah, fine. Landed on some rubble though.”
Harold nodded.
Mycroft stilled and popped the teat from her mouth. “Are you going to spend the entire hour lecturing me on how to take care of my niece?”
Sherlock met his gaze and spoke slowly. “Your warnings are tiresome, brother mine.”
“Yes, something my father had installed for me a few years back. Alarms and such.”
Sherlock nodded like an overeager child and John smiled.
Sherlock shrugged. “A girl should not be defined through a colour, especially one as frivolous as pink.”
“Not a mascot but you know, she’s part of the team.” Lestrade fumbled for words.
“Make sure there are flowers.” He said absentmindedly.
Sherlock goes to visit his parents and it goes as well as he expects.
Maeve released a happy whine.
And please do not hate me!!
“I don’t know. I just thought it sort of happened.” He lifted his arms in a vague gesture.
“Nice try.”
“I’m aware.”
“Uncle Mycroft will be here soon.” He told her. “And Daddy is bringing back takeaway for dinner tonight. We’re having Chinese, one day you’ll be old enough to eat with us.”
Sherlock turned to face their landlady. She levelled him with a look and put her hands on her hips. “You. Leaving John like that.”
“Nope.” Sherlock answered, popping the p.
Sherlock sniffed and picked up the gifts he’d placed under the tree for John.
“So, what do you want to do first?” John asked.
“Is it fun?” She added thoughtfully.
Sherlock closed his eyes and inhaled sharply. “She overslept with mummy.”
Probable concussion.
“It was warm.” John added.
Sherlock stepped out of the office. “You.”
“Dabble.”
Hello, you lovely people, I know it's been an age since I updated this fic and the truth is I've had most of this chapter since December but just didn't get around to actually finishing and uploading it. BUT HERE IT IS. I've finally managed to complete it. I'm not going to give you lots of excuses, just know that this fic is very much alive and I will be updating it regularly from now on alongside my other fics.
“I would help you but…” John gestured to the sleeping cat.
Siger nodded, “I believe I’ve heard it before.”
Sherlock studied him for a moment but after a moment, he seemed satisfied. He gave a slight nod. “I’ll see you in the morning then.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes at the joke.
“You always do,” Violet added in a soft tone.
Her eyes closed as though she were following his command and they didn’t open again this time.
“You are a drama queen, aren’t you?” He asked, sighed and dropping his back. “Just like your daddy.”
“Good time at the lab?” John turned the pot on the stove down.
“Kissing.” Sherlock mumbled while his daughter for all intents and purposes chewed on his nose.
Sherlock took a moment then conceded with a loud sigh. “Fine.”
Sherlock craned his neck to look at her, his very awake and irritable baby was now fighting off sleep, her eyelids drooping heavily and mouth parting, in the space of half a minute.
Victor shook his hand. “Sherlock Holmes, it’s been a while.”
The door opened to reveal Louise and Michelle, they stepped out and took the seats opposite the Holmes brothers. Mycroft managed a smile which was instantly returned, Louise announced, “We believe that it is in the best interest of Maeve to remain in your care.”
Greg didn’t look convinced, in fact he looked quite clueless as he attempted to piece together the information Sherlock had given him. “Then why did he kill the first and second victim.”
“When did we get this?” John asked, holding up a silver picture frame with a photograph of Maeve in it.
At this Sherlock took a heavy breath that spoke volumes, John smirked at the consulting detective’s full name and reached over to place his hand in Maeve’s view. The infant looked at the hand and followed the arm that it belonged to, blue eyes flicking to John’s face after a moment and grasping two short fingers in her fists.
Sherlock hummed. “You should lay down.”
Samantha stopped at the changing room opposite and nodded, “I’ll see you in the pool.”
“So, she killed her sister because of some messed up sense of sibling rivalry?” Greg asked.
“Yes, hello.” He managed in greeting.
“There’s a tooth almost poking through.”
“I’ll go.” John said firmly.
“You could barely stand to be in the same room as your brother before Maeve was born, yet you have a room in his house, a room that you used while detoxing.”
“Today we’ll be giving-” she paused to glance at the name on the file, “-Maeve her 5-in-1, this is a single jab that protects against diphtheria, tetanus, pertussis, polio and haemophilus influenzae type b.” She explained, “We’ll also be vaccinating her against Pneumococcal infection, rotovirus and Meningitis B.”
“She’s asleep,” he told him with a pointed look.
John nodded in understanding.
Either Sherlock didn’t see the looks he received as he walked in New Scotland Yard or he just didn’t care. Greg had his money on the latter. The consulting detective strode into the department with his head held high and one of his hands supporting his baby out of concern. He knew he didn’t need to but it made him feel better. Greg trailed beside him carrying the baby bag.
Sherlock snorted and reached towards the passing waiter, he effortlessly picked up two full champagne flutes from the moving tray and handed one to John as he sipped his own.
Mycroft had showered, something which wasn’t as simple as it had been before with a new-born baby in tow. He left her in the bedroom with the door open and the baby monitor that Anthea had picked up. She didn’t as much as stir. When he was dry and dressed in a simple pair of navy blue slacks with a white shirt tucked in. He decided against the tie and waistcoat, instead, he placed a simple light grey jumper over the top. It wouldn’t do to be too dressed up with a new-born baby in the house. He was bound to get messy at some point.
“I have no doubt.”
“A baby shouldn’t have a routine Mycroft,” she told him.
"Not a virgin anymore" John joked.
“I’m sure we’ll find something to do.” Mycroft said, watching Maeve.
They were making their way through the park, Sherlock pushing the trolley and John a little closer than strictly necessary. For a thin guy Sherlock was really emulating some heat. If Sherlock noticed, which he did, he noticed everything, he didn’t say anything. He just let the smaller army doctor walk briskly by his side, their arms brushing every so often.
The cottage was idyllic. A beautiful building of yellow tinted stone with ivy climbing up the front wall around the wooden door in the centre, white shutters around all the windows and a table and chair on a small patio.
Sherlock nodded and crouched down with the elegance of a cat to pull out the small thin box from underneath the bed. He passed it to John and then moved to the edge of the room. John took the lid off of the box and peeked inside. There was a small coat not dissimilar to the one that the detective wore. The fabric was lined with a softer fabric and the buttons were smaller but the details were the same down to the red buttonhole. It was perfect.
“Get out of the cab.” Sherlock snapped at John as he fiddled with the car seat.
Sherlock, with help from Greg, moved Maeve into the original position so that she was sat comfortably in his arms, her head dry and hair still damp from the trickles that had fallen down.
Sherlock nodded and glanced at Greg, “You have a body for me.”
“Yes,” he nodded as though she had said something coherent.
“Ok.”
Violet smiled at the reference. “I won’t agree to that.”
John picked up some tomatoes. “I think I’ve spent too much time with my mum.”
Sherlock hummed. “Are you going to put her down?”
Sherlock glanced over his shoulder.
The curly haired man was bored out of his mind despite finishing a case not two hours previous. It was long enough to keep him occupied for the majority of the day but not long enough that he would binge on Chinese takeaway and crash afterwards.
“When?” Greg asked.
“I prefer kissing you.” He told John.
The sleeping infant was dressed in a pale pink dress with a pink and grey skirt, matching pants over her nappy and a thin hat.
John chuckled. Yes he really had. He followed Sarah into the reception area where Sherlock was stood against the wall looking rather bored, Maeve was attached to his front in a purple sling and the buggy set up with the carseat in front of him. “Finally.” The detective muttered under his breath, faking a smile in the direction of the two receptionists that were fawning over him and the baby.
“Fifteen years.”
“No, you obviously don’t.” Sherlock’s tone was soft but his eyes harsh, staring at John as though he would disappear any moment.
“Hey,” Anton spoke up with a devilish smile.
“She’s already wearing it.” Sherlock continued, popping another chip into his mouth.
“He used some sort of voice thingy.”
“I’m just trying to help.” She argued.
“You’re hoping, Sherlock Holmes is hoping.”
“You are quite the picture sir.” Anthea smirked.
“The murder of a woman, nailed to the wall and throat cut.”
“Well, how do you intend to spend the next forty-five minutes and twenty-three seconds of your time?”
“That’s not the word I would use.”
“Yes.” Sherlock gritted his teeth.
“You don’t know?” John asked, surprised.
“He invented the job.” Arabella chipped in fondly.
“Well, they are her possessions.” Sherlock grumbled and shut the laptop with his free hand.
Sherlock frowned, “I don’t know.”
“She’s not in harm’s way. There’s nobody after our client.” Sherlock’s voice was calm.
“It’s just some bits. Bottles. Steriliser. Clothes. Nappies and wipes. Muslin.” She waved her hands around slightly, “just the usual baby stuff, you know?”
“Yes,” Mycroft looked far too amused, “now this will undoubtedly become a regular occurrence.”
“I didn’t ask.” Sherlock narrowed his eyes.
“Let’s get this over with,” Sherlock muttered to himself.
John rolled his eyes. “A missing teenage girl.”
“He was involved with our victim’s twin sister.” Sherlock informed him.
“Rehab.” He guessed.
Sherlock glanced at John for clarification, the blonde explained knowing Sherlock wouldn’t ask because of his pride. “The baby is in a kneeling position, both or one of her legs extended at the hips and flexed at the knees; it’s pretty rare.”
“Where?”
“You can’t come to a beautiful hotel like this and spend the whole day in your room.”
When John comes back down fully dressed Mycroft is sat in his armchair, one leg crossed elegantly over the other and his hands resting together in his lap. The auburn haired government official smiles at John in greeting, an overly friendly, fake smile that John finds himself returning despite himself.
“I love you.”
“What?” Siger asked, unsure, eyes narrowing and leaning forward.
“As you walked out of the door.”
Sherlock hummed absentmindedly.
Once again, I'm very sorry it took so long. I hope you enjoy it. And, if you ever want to bug me to update please follow me on social media and send a polite nudge.
What was the worst that could happen?
Violet frowned but nodded and the others left them, Sherlock, John and Maeve, on the side of the road.
“And how did you fund it?” John asked.
“Rest assured, you’re the best of the bunch.”
“Definitely magic” Sherlock agreed with a huffed laugh. A groan caught his attention. His daughter was now wriggling on the bed and by the looks of things on the verge of tears. Sherlock shot to his feet and muttered. “If you’ll excuse me.”
“Greg texted, after we left the crime scene, she was upset when you left her.” John told him, “and she prefers your company over anybody else’s, I live in the same house; feed her, change her and she would still rather be with you than me.”
Sherlock placed an omelette on the coffee table in front of his brother. Mycroft looked up from his sleeping daughter and frowned. She was beginning to get restless, hungry. Sherlock pulled a bottle out of his pocket and presented it to his brother as though it were a bottle of Don Perignon 2006. Mycroft bit back a snarky remark and merely rolled his eyes at his brother. He shifted in his seat and with his free hand, took the bottle from Sherlock.
Anthea was unpacking a mass of bags when he walked past the dining room.
“Sorted out?” She suggested.
“Yes, well, I’m no Sherlock Holmes but I can look after a baby.”
“I don’t want to disturb her,” he confessed.
Sherlock lifted his chin challengingly and narrowed his eyes.
“The tower of London.” John told the cabbie.
Greg focused on Mycroft, “do you know where he is?”
“No it’s not, but you make it look easy. That’s a talent.”
“And she’ll be exceptional.”
“Shut up and go to sleep” Siger commanded with no real bite behind it.
“Come on then, best get her out of the sun before she gets too hot.”
John sighed, “Alright yes, that’s your brother through and through.”
He moved the pillows with his free arm into an arrow head position and placed her on the left side of the bed, he then stripped himself of his jacket and shirt, both of which were dry but covered in Maeve’s saliva, snot and tears. Then, he carefully placed himself beside her, on his side, eyes facing her.
"Is that so?" Sherlock raised an eyebrow at the blonde, stormy eyes flicking to Maeve as she settled back down to sleep against his shoulder and then back at John, the blonde was still smiling smugly.
“He’s lying.” Louise barked.
“Thank you.” Violet smiled. The waitress disappeared and she turned her attention onto her son and granddaughter. “You’re good with her Myc.”
Sherlock shrugged. “It’s fairly obvious that she’s been following you.”
“God forbid that you sound dull.”
Harold snorted.
Mycroft retook his seat and placed his forefinger on his cheek. “Something for you to consider.”
“I can take some down.”
Sherlock finished for her, "you're biologically wired to think about babies and seeing a baby brings out that response in you. Many women are attracted to men with babies because it makes them seem more accessible, it has happened to me since the arrival of Maeve and is considered a natural response."
“Lunch?”
” he hissed “Sherlock is, he’s the kind that has never considered or wanted children, the kind that despite that took in his daughter and is trying his hardest to raise her, although he didn’t know she existed.”
Sherlock jumped the last stairs and turned the corner into the kitchen clad only in a pair of silk pyjama bottoms. His dark curls were in complete disarray and his eyes wild, fixed on his mother as his nostrils flared.
“Don’t be dense Mycroft.” Sherlock scoffed. Mycroft frowned. “I’m coming home with you.” The obviously went unsaid. “How else am I to know if you’re doing this correctly?”
“No, you can do it.” He cleared his throat.
Sherlock frowned. “They’ll value this information far more than sleep Mycroft.”
Sherlock ignored the question. He crossed the room in a flash and knelt beside his daughter. Maeve’s eyes flickered to him in delight and she smiled, shoving a fist into her mouth in excitement. He smiled and pulled her fist from her mouth, now covered in dribble, and offered her his own finger. His daughter took the offered digit and placed it in her mouth with no qualms.
Sherlock stepped onto the patio.
John snorted and gave a small nod of apology.
It was a ridiculous notion that he would mind if John decided to share his bed. John snorted, he shouldn’t have expected anything different, and if Sherlock had a problem with something he wasn’t subtle about it. “She ok?”
“I haven’t got all day Sherlock.” Mycroft told him, keeping his voice light. “We have things to do.”
“Hardly anatomically correct.” Sherlock mumbled after a moment. He didn’t pull the doll away though, he allowed his daughter to explore using her hands as he took a seat in his armchair, keeping a firm grip on his daughter.
“You can duck out now if you want,” the older man told him.
When he was satisfied, he lent back slightly, her small body reclining against his so that she was angled away as he cupped water and rinsed her hair of the product. She jerked for the first few seconds before stopping, and allowing him to wash out the product, it was the easier option but she made warning sounds as though she were going to cry any moment if he didn’t stop soon. The product was rinsed out completely, so Sherlock moved forward slightly, away from the back of the bath. He gently washed Maeve’s face with some water, then preceded to clean her with a small soft sponge. To finish, he stood up and wrapped Maeve in a towel before placing her in her bouncy chair, then he washed his own hair, careful to keep an eye on her. Afterwards, he stepped out of the bath, dry himself quickly and pulled on his beige robe. He tied it carefully and took Maeve into the bedroom through the adjoining door.
John looked at the small pile of clothes on the sofa and nodded, “time to get dressed then.”
“Me?” the officer repeated, unsure of himself, he glanced down at his feet.
“How so?”
“What did you do?” John sighed and placed a hand on his hip.
Sherlock stormed off with no particular destination in mind. He gripped the prams handle, knuckles turning white with force as he attempted to even out his breathing and control his anger. Anderson, that idiot. He had no idea, none at all. Just because he was a ‘freak’ didn’t mean he was completely unlovable. And his daughter shouldn’t be brought into that, she was innocent and had already been through enough. Idiot. He was just annoyed that his wife was making him sleep on the sofa, she was suspicious about his affair and that Sally was in a mood with him.
Mycroft interrupted, voice completely calm as per usual. “He needed to blow off some steam, the walk helped with that and now he’s enjoying the company of his daughter. He’ll be back shortly.”
“Yes, apparently she loves to try new things.
Mycroft was already in a corner making small talk with an older woman that Sherlock recognised from previous events. He looked up at his brother and gave a small, almost unnoticeable nod of reassurance. Sherlock nodded to himself and tightened to grip ever so slightly on Maeve. She was babbling enthusiastically in his arms. Sherlock’s eyes flicked from Mycroft to his parents. Mycroft excused himself from the conversation he was in, polite as ever, and made his way to his brother. He was a simple black tux and held a full champagne flute.
Robert Innes cracked his eyes open and looked up at the new arrivals. His face was a mess of purple and blue, nose red and bloody, a gash above his eyebrow and eyes swollen. He coughed.
“Did you say something?” John asked with a pointed look in his direction as he reached down to pick up the toy.
Mycroft was, in this instance, thankful for his mother’s perceptiveness.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Our relationship has always been strained.”
“Unless you use Gucci in shade swan.” The corner of his lip turned up in amusement.
Sherlock hummed. “Broken ribs, suspected punctured lung, superficial damage to his face and four broken fingers, a sprained wrist and dislocated ankle.”
“I’m here to help,” Sherlock said softly.
Sherlock nodded dejectedly. “I noticed earlier, when she was being checked over by Doctor Clarke. She’s been building up to it for weeks.”
“Hey,” she said. “John said that you were doing all the sights, I thought I’d tag along.”
“Hardly.” Sherlock snorted.
“I have some errands to run, cold cases to close. I may as well use the time productively.”  Sherlock stepped over the coffee table and stood at the side of the Moses basket for a moment, just looking in as his daughter woke up. Her face was scrunched up and glove covered hands rubbing at her still closed eyes. He leant over and placed a soft kiss on her forehead. Maeve whined again and started kicking more wildly. He pulled back and looked his brother, stormy eyes meeting grey ones. “There is milk on the table, I’ve taken the liberty of heating it for you, make sure to burp her…”
“I trust you unconditionally.” Sherlock told him.
Sherlock looked down at Maeve and placed his hand upon her body. She looked at it and then continued to look around, squirming slightly in her seat.
Violet sent him an unimpressed look.
“Nail varnish, you got that from nail varnish?”
“She might turn out like you.” John raised an eyebrow.
“Don’t look so pleased with yourself,” Sherlock told him, voice level. He stood up and quickly plucked the upset infant from the blonde’s hands, turning her mid-air so that she was facing him, and told her. “You either, you nightmare or I’ll just let you cry next time.”
“Come on, we have to get the car.”
“Did she enjoy it?” The blonde continued.
Her blue eyes flicked to meet his and she released a sad whine.
“Overzealous” Sherlock supplied.
“She is not a toy” Sherlock spat, volume raising. The baby released a soft moan but remained asleep, a warning to them all that anymore would wake her. The curly haired man’s attentions then fixed on his daughter, her sleeping figure. The hat was long gone revealing her dark locks, short but curling at the ends already and tiny body covered with a thin blanket.
“We need everything” The consulting detective said simply.
Sherlock scowled at him. “My name is mentioned more than yours.”
Molly looked horrified, she was far too sweet and innocent. “That’s awful.”
The consulting detective reached into the pram and lifted his sleeping daughter out with great care. She frowned in her sleep, fists curling up as he placed her against his chest with her head angled towards his neck. Greg passed him the pale yellow blanket and after draping it over her small form, Sherlock stepped towards the house. He paused to allow Greg to pass and lead him inside.
“She will grow up,” John informed him sombrely.
The nurse looked up and smiled, placing the bundle into the small hospital cot.
“We haven’t had the chance…we haven’t been alone…” the blonde attempted.
“Do you want to use the bathroom first? Or should I?” John asked, his eyes wandering to the sleeping baby.
-I struggled to write the character of James Moriarty.
“Sir,” she greeted with a smile and stepped into the room slowly.
In a promising term of events, Maeve had been sick on the orange pumpkin baby grow that John had selected for the day leaving nothing but normal clothes for her to wear or else it would spoil the surprise of tomorrows outfit. Sherlock ran his hand down her clothed back. “I didn’t like that outfit either,” he whispered to her.
Also, i have some cover art that I did for this fic when i started writing it and was wondering if you guys were interested in seeing it? It' s rather badly edited and completely up to you, if so i will add it to the first chapter, just let me know.
“Ohh.” John smiled back. “You’re being funny now.”
“The night and morning, yes, supposing she doesn’t completely ruin four babygrows.”
“Now you’ve finished checking, you can go, Greg’s waiting for you.”
This update took longer than I expected. I would have updated last night if my friend hadn't dragged me to the gym mid-chapter, so you can blame her if you like. Also, I have tons of work to catch up on. But we're getting to some good stuff, so you should have the next update within a fortnight (but most likely before because I just love writing this!).
“Awww, the dolphin, I agree.”
“It was open and shut.”
There was a laugh. “
“I’m allowed to be happy.”
It was cold, whoever left the baby there had obviously known that the door would be answered and had hurried away, with no obvious hiding places she must have ran down the street. Whoever it was must have been aware that he would be in, most likely because of the light from the window. They’d wrapped the baby in blankets, so they didn’t want the baby to come to harm but had no quarrels with leaving the baby outside to face the elements. Abandonment then. Someone had abandoned the baby on his doorstep.
“He wouldn’t risk her life, not in a million years, he’d rather die.”
“We’re just going to check her over, if that’s okay,” the nurse announced.
“Yes, soon she’ll be unstoppable.” John chuckled.
After a minute or two the crying was quieter.
“A mess how?”
“I won’t ruin your image but I do have a question to ask you.” He reached into his pocket and pulled out a small black jewellery box which could only hold one thing. Mycroft stared at the box as though it were a terrorist. Greg cleared his throat, “I would have got down on one knee but I didn’t want to startle you.”
Sherlock’s brows furrowed ever so slightly and he sat up a little straighter. Maeve jerked her head to look at him but seemed satisfied that there was nothing of importance happening and went back to playing with the soft butterfly. The wings crinkled in her fingers and she gurgled enthusiastically at her own ministrations. Her eyes flicked to Lestrade as he continued.
“I’ll call him.” John insisted.
“She’s six months old, she’s not going to sell out the countries secrets just yet.”
Sherlock looked offended at the accusation.
He wasn’t using voice altering software.
“The forensics team have just finished photographing and are now documenting the scene,” Sally informed them, climbing into the passenger seat. She plucked her phone from her pocket and began texting.
He sighed to himself, sacrifices must be made.
“Taking care of” Siger corrected with raised eyebrows, he took the seat beside his son at the breakfast bar.
Who was her mother?
“Our daughter.” Sherlock finished.
“Here’s your daddy,” Greg told the still sleeping infant as he crossed the room; stopping on the sofa in front of him and lent over, peeling the baby from his body.
“Do I have any say on this?”
“Yeah right.”
Mycroft did just that as he opened the front door. His parents were just reaching the top step. Both of them looked at him, his father with a small smile and his mother with critical eyes. He cleared his throat and stepped aside to let them both into the house. He greeted, “Mummy. Father.”
“Of course it’s a cat.” Sherlock snapped at him.
“Still?” Sherlock didn’t seem fazed by the news. He began walking again, one hand steering the pram and the other reaching in to check on Maeve. He repeated his earlier motion of checking her temperature, cooler than before but still warmer than average, and offered her his hand. She accepted it, grasping one long finger in her fist. Mycroft stayed in line, walking in step with his brother and watching his exchange with Maeve with a small tugging of lips.
Sherlock frowned, “what are you inferring?”
“You knew that when you met me,” John smiled.
“She might not.”
“Yeah, she’s done.” John told him. Sherlock pulled her up and John took away the muslin. Violet handed the consulting detective a wipe and Sherlock dabbed at the sick around her mouth.
“Maeve…” Sherlock breathed “is she?”
“No it’s not.” Mycroft agreed. It was surprising how much John Watson understood his brother. And he was constantly surprised by the similarities between Sherlock and Maeve, there would never be any doubt, she was hid daughter, through and through.
“Are you boys out today?” Mrs Hudson asked. She’d settled Maeve into her bouncy chair and was watching her from the sofa.
“Looking after you all day, it’s rather, boring.”
“Here you go,” John said, placing the bag of sweets in the consulting detective’s legs.
“You need to sleep as well.”
His father was right, in the single night and morning he’d spent at the hospital he’d managed to offend every nurse and doctor that tended to him. That afternoon, with Mycroft’s approval, he was released into the care of John Watson. Maeve had spent the night with his elder brother and was back with him, today though John had to run some errands leaving Sherlock in the capable hands of his parents.
“Yes and no but the other way around.” Sherlock babbled.
Sherlock snorted.
“We do mind!” Sherlock snapped.
John shook his head. “I love Sherlock.
There was a soft knock on the door, it creeped open and Sarah poked her head inside the office. “There’s someone here for you.”
“I want her safe. She’s safe with you.”
“Is there something that you needed Detective Inspector?” Sherlock asked, sure to keep his voice low as not to disturb his daughter.
“Yeah,” the door taped shut. “She’s on the bed.”
“Don’t be dull, Victor. The footprints are obviously too small to belong to you, you’re an eight, these are a six. I know what you’re thinking, men can have small feet too but the balance of probability suggests that these belong to a woman. What man would be caught dead in a pair of knee-high boots? Isabel Marant boots to be exact, made from camel leather with a 3.3inches, scuffed around the toes and the heels replaced twice. The imprint also suggests that she was crouching, obviously, she wouldn’t want to be caught, so she crouched in the flowerbeds, unfortunately treading on the foliage there, she was there quite some time during a rainy night, how did I know it was night? Well, who in their right mind would crouch in somebodies garden during the day and risk getting caught?  How did I know she was there for some time? The depth of the imprints, her heels started to sink in the mud but only in one place, so she was there for the longest but did move around a bit, the imprints have mostly been washed away by the rain but those one’s remain because she was there while it rained and for at least an hour, perhaps two. It rained for seventy-five minutes last night starting at just after midnight, so these are fresh. Her legs ached but she does spin and Pilates so it didn’t faze her much, not when she had the perfect view of you painting. Shall I go on?” Sherlock levelled Victor with a look and sighed, stroking his daughter’s head properly now. Her legs kicked in excitement.
Sherlock tilted his head to the left ever so slightly, the ‘please elaborate’ remained silent.
Sherlock ran his hand down Maeve’s back.
“This is Maeve, my daughter.” He introduced, Molly nodded still very confused. “The result of a one night stand, she has recently come into my care.”
He leaned over and kissed the consulting detective on the cheek. Sherlock was frozen for a moment. They continued walking. “We’ll need to discuss.” His eyes flicked to Maeve, John nodded.
“A charming young man.” Violet confirmed. “He brings out the best in our Mycroft.”
“Like punching and kicking or with some kind of instrument?” Sherlock pressed.
“Yes.”
“I mean, we’ve all read about it in the papers” Brian interjected.
Sherlock glared at the older man, “you have kids of your own to keep.”
“Of course.” The smile on John’s face could light the whole room.
Sherlock looked down at the pram, worried that it was something he had said.
“She’s fine.” Sherlock declared, changing the subject and broaching the elephant in the room, “slight raised temperature, irritability and holding a grudge.”
“Piss off.” He snapped. The grey haired man immediately recognised his mistake and pursed his lips, chocolate eyes moving to Sherlock who looked like he normally did, rather serious with his lips pressed in a thin line.
“Unfortunately, only Robert can tell us that.” Sherlock sighed.
“Well, I can’t ask for more than that.”
“Thank god!” the blonde exclaimed at the sight of his boss.
“We’ve been preoccupied.” He managed a smile. It was fake but she couldn’t tell the difference.
Mycroft faltered, eyes narrowing and carefully placed his mug back on the table. He cleared his throat, placing both hands on the table, clasping them together as he did so. “Pregnant.” He repeated, slowly and surely, eyes flicking over her.
“Well I’ll be sure to justify it the next time I have a baby” Sherlock raised an eyebrow and continued the light heartedness, he wasn’t about to go out of his way to cause an argument two days after being discharged from hospital.
“Don’t blame your brother, you didn’t tell us,” Violet raised an eyebrow at him. “I take it things went well.”
Sherlock stepped further into the room, dodging the mess on the floor and coming to stand as close to the victim as possible without treading in her blood.
Sherlock didn’t bother knocking.
“If you’ll excuse me,” he muttered before rising to his feet and leaving the room.
He sighed and said over in a bored tone, “Are you going to continue eavesdropping forever?”
Sherlock gave a quick nod.
“Everything ok?” John asked.
“Go for a walk.”
Sherlock was lain out flat on his back, a blanket beneath him on the floor between the two armchairs. Maeve was on his naked chest, resting on her tummy and equally as naked in just a nappy. He was wearing only trousers and socks, eyes fixed on Maeve as she lifted her head in short unsure movements, strengthening the back and neck. They had already used the colourful tummy time mat, now he was keeping her company. She didn’t like being left alone for too long and preferred to be in Sherlock’s company.
“I have no doubt.” Sherlock said as he watched her explore him. “I need a bath.”
“I’m going to kill you daddy,” he told her.
Sherlock smirked.
“But you’re having so much fun,” he flashed a grin.
He moved further into the room and settled in the empty chair beside Greg. Chloe peered over at the infant against his chest and Maeve lifted her head to look back at her, she flashed a gummy smile.
“Why?” Sherlock narrowed his eyes at her, “he is not a practice nurse.”
The notion of time moving faster now was ridiculous but it stuck in his head like a clock hitting midnight repeatedly, his daughter was growing up and there was nothing he could do to stop it. He put the thought aside, it was something he could deal with it when he wasn’t preoccupied.
She meowed again and John rubbed the top of her head with two fingers. She began purring.
John rolled his eyes and crossed the room. He placed a chaste kiss on his partner’s lips, then lowered himself down to kiss Maeve’s forehead, she was undisturbed by the action. Instead, she focused on her dinner.
The response was immediate.
Harold cleared his throat. “Sherlock, John tells us that you are rather brilliant.”
“Precisely.”
Apparently, they were skipping the pleasantries.
The nurse giggled, “No he is not, shall we?”
“No furniture,” Mycroft said.
John's parents are down for the weekend.
The ring of the doorbell cut through the quiet flat. Sherlock looked upstairs and waited for a reaction, when there was no sound of crying he sighed in relief and Mrs Hudson made her way downstairs to get the door.
“I will, now go.” She told him, hitting his arm softly.
“Go on, Mycroft can take you home.”
Maeve babbled again, this time louder.
I've just realised that I've got five chapters to do in the next month and that's terrifying, right? I'm sure as hell terrified but I've challenged myself and I'm determined to do it, so get ready.
Siger lent forward in his chair. “Just because your brother won’t care for the child doesn’t mean that we can’t.”
John nodded. “I’ll just…” he gestured upstairs and then moved towards the stairs.
“Anything you want, on the house.” Harry told him.
The consulting detective sighed and dropped his newspaper.
“He loves you too.”
Twenty minutes later Maeve jolted in her sleep and hit herself in the eye with her closed fist, jerking awake shocked. She screamed. Siger dropped his book, it hit the ground with a soft thump and lay forgotten as leaned forward in his seat. He scooped her up in his arms and got to his feet, rocking her side to side as she cried. The sound was heart-breaking, he wondered how Sherlock managed with this but pushed the thought aside as he cradled her tightly.
“He brought the outfit,” Sherlock brought his hand to his forehead and rubbed gently, distressed, “I couldn’t exactly say no.”
Violet ignored the question and opened the drawing room door. Siger came down the hallway, Maeve cradled in his arms and screaming at the top of her lungs. Her coat and scarf had been removed but the blanket was still draped over the bottom half of her body. “Is she ok?” Violet asked concerned.
“Yes, come on, daddy has a case.”
“And you have a short temper.” Mycroft retorted.
Mrs. Hudson ducked out of the flat with a small unsure smile.
John smiled.
“Breakfast?” John asked.
John frowned and then realisation dawn. “Oh, well, yeah. I guess I have softened you up a bit. You used to be a right dickhead.”
I wasn't planning on this chapter. It just sort of happened.
“He respects you far too much for that.”
“Mother will be thrilled,” Sherlock said as though it were the most obvious thing in the world. “It’s the kind of sentimental drivel she loves.”
“Let’s get you dressed.”
Claire smiled and nodded.
John frowned and listened, there was a quiet knock followed by the front door opening and Mrs Hudson beaming at the elder Holmes and detective inspector. John smirked and walked into the kitchen, pleased that he could still be surprised by the small deductions that Sherlock made in everyday life.
But don't be concerned because I already have two follow-on fics in mind. One that covers the important milesgtones after she turns one and the other from when she is a teenager.
Sebastian snorted.
“There is more to it than that.” Sherlock frowned as they turned onto another path, taking them past a large field scattered with people eating their lunch and chatting.
She managed a nod and smile.
"You have the whole thing figured out," Sherlock nodded, continuing with the joke. John was attempting to distract him, how pedestrian, but better to go along with it than upset him.
“I’ll go and get the rest then.”
“Neither did you.” John said sombrely.
Mycroft raised an eyebrow in surprise but said nothing in response. Sherlock had used the words ‘please’ and ‘thank you’ in the past minutes more times than he’d said them in a year.
Maeve was in her bouncy chair in front of him. She kicked and waved her hands in excitement with each pluck of the string as Sherlock used one of his sock clad feet to rock the chair in small springy movements.
“Why?”
“Interfere.”
“I’m Samantha and this is Joshua” She introduced, not bothering to hold out a hand due to the baby and bags she was holding.
WE'RE HALFWAY THROUGH THIS FIC!!!!! OH MY CROFT this is amazing, I can't believe it! No worry guys, fifty more chapters with more regular updates, I PROMISE because I know I've been crappy updating for the past few months. Enjoy my darlings.
“You shouldn’t be overexerting yourself” Violet reminded his for the umpteenth time.
“Your mother seems nice.” He changed the subject swiftly.
Sherlock tore his gaze away from the screen and shot the detective inspector an antagonised look, his stormy eyes wavering between hurt and pure misery. Mycroft inhaled sharply.
“We need to change her.”
“You can have her for the new year.” Sherlock changed the subject.
“Later.”
“It’s pink.”
“We do,” they said again.
John nodded.
“I would remember.”
Mycroft glanced at him, grey eyes narrowing in disconcert and he nodded once, curtly. He responded, “You won’t.”
They paused in front of the double doors. Mycroft brushed the lapels of his jacket, his usually steady hands shaking. He dropped them to the side before Sherlock noticed and they exchanged a glance. Mycroft nodded and the younger Holmes raised his hand, resting it on the cool cold metal for a second, bracing himself with a steadying breath before pushing it softly.
Sherlock’s nose scrunched up in displeasure.
“You need to eat your vegetables, they’re good for you. Afterwards, you can have some milk.” Maeve babbled enthusiastically. “Yes, now let your uncle feed you. Then you can have a nice long sleep and some more calpol, deal?”
“Yes.”
“I’ve sent word to your colleagues they’re collecting the evidence we need and then they’re picking up Amanda. She’ll deny the whole thing.”
“About…sentiment.” It was a guess.
Violet was stood in the middle, talking down to the photographer about what she wanted while the woman, a young woman with fiery red in a French plait and a large tattoo across her right shoulder revealed by her black racerback vest top. She was listening intently but obviously, regretting asking the question ‘what do you want?’ to the older woman.
“Daddy will never let you go.”
John strapped Maeve into her pram and placed a thin blanket over her body.
“It’s a Santa hat, isn’t it?” Sherlock said with all the amusement one might muster after watching a two-hour French documentary.
I hope you enjoy it!!
“Waited?” Anderson guessed, unsure of himself.
John looked at the floor and Greg smiled. “This is my eldest, Jordon.”
“John’s at work.” Sherlock told him, the question hung in the air. “And Mrs Hudson is on the way to her sisters.”
“No, its fine,” he said honestly. “I live alone.”
“Why can’t you go and get your own laptop?” John asked.
Violet nodded and smiled at her son.
Mycroft nodded and followed the smaller blonde into the kitchen. John flicked the kettle on and opened the fridge, he stopped, surprised, and turned to Mycroft. He gestured to the full – not full of body parts but full of food fridge, meat and fruit, dairy and veg - and asked, “Is this your doing?”
“It shifts the blame, her coming to us, pretending to be scared. Even poisoning herself.”
“Piss off!” Sherlock shouted after him.
Violet raised an eyebrow in disbelief and gestured towards the oven. “John, I do hope you like lamb.”
“Maeve Alexis Christine Holmes.”
“It’s dull but a necessity.”
“Then prove him wrong.” Mycroft told his father sternly. “Because if you get this wrong you will lose more than your son this time, you’ll lose the only chance you have of knowing your grandchild.”
“She enjoys water and splashing people.”
“I’ve got a few cases,” he pocketed his phone and turned his full attention to his mother and his daughter.
“Stop sulking.” Violet scolded him. “One day she’ll be too embarrassed to kiss you.”
“Come on you” John said quickly. “Let’s get you to the hospital.”
After forty-five minutes his parents reappeared.
Victor nodded once. “Do you think you can help?”
The mousy blonde looked up at him with a wide smile, that was a little nervous and twinkling eyes, she continued to take out the containers of Chinese food and place them on the table. "Sherlock invited me, I hope you don't mind."
He looked expectantly at Sherlock and the consulting detective stared blankly for a moment, his eyes flicked to John. The blonde gave a small nod of encouragement and Sherlock looked down at his daughter, eyes flicking over the intricate waves of curves forming in her dark hair and nodded once. “I will.”
“I work better without sleep.” Sherlock reminded him, as though he needed reminding of his brother’s sleeping habits.
“I’ve had some lunch prepared.” Mycroft informed him. He looked up from his niece to his younger brother.
“Tell me in your own words what is happening to you.”
“Sentiment.”
Mycroft looked at the ground. It was true that he and Gregory had become close in the months after Sherrinford, sharing the occasional coffee or dinner, he had yet to inform the detective inspector of the events leading him to the hospital. He knew, or at least he guessed, that Mycroft had been seeing someone but had no idea that she was pregnant.
“Good.”
“I bet.” John chuckled.
“Thank you.” He smiled, his voice sincere.
Sherlock huffed a breath and watched as the hairs on his daughter’s head stirred minutely, he craned his neck and placed his lips atop of her head, pouting against her scalp.
“That’s a cute outfit.” He gestured to the outfit that Maeve was wearing, it was similar to the ones she’d been wearing all week but made of a white material with the face of a ghost on it and a tutu. She wore a purple hat on her head that matched the fake belt of her outfit and the stripy tights she wore.
“It’s commitment Sherlock, the rest of your life, a life that comes before your own. It’s school runs and homework, plays, teacher conferences, sickness, nightmares, puberty, boyfriends and going to sleep some nights never knowing if your child is going to be there when you wake.” Mycroft said, each word hurting his brother and each word hard for him to say, but crucial. “This is involved, and not a threat, a promise, brother mine, I will put her first, even before you.”
“Is Maeve ok?” John asked, standing up and letting the covers drop. He was thankfully wearing bottoms, low on his hips, and the band of his boxers in plain view.
Sherlock seemed unsure but nodded and placed his phone on the bedside table. “I don’t want to see her.”
“It’s ok, daddy’s here.” He assured her as she fidgeted against his chest.
The consulting detective pulled back from his position on top of her and clutched at his side, blood wetting his hands as he applied pressure to the wound.
Sherlock frowned and took a deep breath.
John’s eyebrow rose high, so high it almost touched the wrinkles that appeared on his forehead. “Don’t belittle me for being sentimental when you tried to sneak that gift into the flat earlier.”
“I guess I was” John agreed.
“I don’t care.” Sherlock spoke up, rising to his feet and buttoning up his suit jacket. “Maeve is safe.”
“I suppose it’s a dent in the routine, bringing her all the way out here and keeping her up for later.”
“For Christ’s sake Sherlock. I fed you and Eurus when you were babies.”
Sherlock hummed thoughtfully, giving nothing away. John knew he would be thinking about this and anything to do with Maeve in great detail everyday.
John stared at his partner. Sherlock revealed nothing in his firm gaze, so he guessed, “he’s bored.”
Sherlock said nothing.
Sherlock is home alone and danger comes knocking, not really...well, there is danger but it doesn't knock unless you count the back of his head. The top of his list of concerns is keeping Maeve safe.
Mycroft apologised to his mother and the blonde as he ducked out of the group and headed towards the corner of the room. His brother and John Watson were next to a window talking in a low tone, his brother was deducing people in their vicinity for the doctor’s entertainment. He rolled his eyes.
“Are you sure?” She asked, persistent.
“Shut up.” John muttered dropping into his chair
“No, nothing at all.”
"It is hereditary" Sherlock told him.
John leaned in and lowered his voice, “can you two get along for a night?”
There was a moment of silence.
“I must get back to conversations with the ambassadors. It was lovely to see you again.”
“That’s putting it mildly,” his lips pulled into a grim smile.
“Mothercare” Sherlock snarled.
Sherlock placed his sleeping daughter in the centre of the rather large hotel bed. She was still wearing her evening dress but the shoes and headband had been stripped off for comfort and there was a blanket around her small body. He sighed, monitoring her face for any sign of disturbance when there was none he turned and stepped through the archway into the sitting area of their room. John was facing away from him, looking out the window at the gardens below shrouded in moonlight. Sherlock walked up behind him. John turned to face him as the consulting detective placed his head on the shorter man’s shoulder and wrapped his arms around his middle.
“Who did he assault?” Greg asked.
“Where do you plan on taking her?” Sherlock asked absently as he stared at the screen of his phone from the doorway, eyes flicking over his mother for a second before returning to his phone.
The woman waiting by the open doors gave him a sympathetic smile and pulled the door open further to allow him to pass, he managed a nod of acknowledgment. He didn’t stop until he was in a bathroom. He locked the door and placed the bag on the sink. He juggle Maeve up and down and whispered to her, “we’re ok, we’re both ok, you were such a good girl. You are beautiful and so grown up, and I love you.”
Sherlock nodded. “You father was a music teacher.”
The rest of the car journey passed in silence, well silence with Maeve crying.
“What?” Lestrade’s eyes widened and he had to take an actual step back which almost had him colliding with a passing student rushing to the library.
“Now, get her out of the car seat and I’ll make you something to eat.”
“Good.”
“We questioned the boyfriends already.” Sally told him, voice still soft.
Follow me on instagram: Tiffanilouise95
“I’ll text you when I’m home.” He told her.
“What’s it like having a baby?” Chloe asked.
“And we’ll stay the night if that’s ok with you.” His father said quickly.
“Me too,” Greg added with a smile that almost completely hid his lips.
Whisky, obviously.
“Quite content.” Sherlock answered for her, rising to his feet and pulling his coat on.
“Molly” Sherlock interrupted.
“You were doing work not a moment ago.” He pointed out, smiling. He looked up.
Maeve babbled a string of ‘d’ and ‘b’ sounds and reached for the small snowy owl toy.
“Thanks.”
“I’m not talking about the work.” He said pointedly.
The ex-army doctor frowned in his sleep and opened his eyes to reveal Sherlock standing beside the bed, hovering above him like a vulture.
“Sherlock, can you just pretend for a moment that not everybody is as smart as you and clue me in, for once? You know, instead of doing” he gestured wildly at the consulting detective, “this.”
“I was thinking of making something for dinner tonight.”
Maeve gurgled again, this time lacking the enthusiasm.
Sherlock shook his head. “I need her here.”
“My work is freelance” Sherlock informed her stopping outside an empty changing room.
“She deserves more than a mother that would abandon her. She is lucky to have you.”
He gently pried his finger from his daughter’s mouth and she whined, keeping a strong grasp on his hand with her tiny fists. Her blue eyes flicked up to him with an angry look. John gently plucked her hands from his and wiped the consulting detective’s saliva covered hand. When it was clean he released it and gently wiped the baby’s face of any remaining wetness.
“I know.” Sherlock snapped, drawing the attention of a few other travellers.
“She smiled.” John repeated.
She didn’t answer, only looked up with a knowing look and took the empty bottles into the kitchen to be cleaned. She called back, “are you going to get dressed today?”
“You’re right,” Siger grumbled to himself. “She’ll have no out sent out a search party.”
Sherlock arrived at the National Gallery exactly an hour later. It had taken thirty-one minutes to get himself and Maeve ready, three minutes to flag down a taxi and get Maeve strapped in to her carseat, and twenty-six minutes for the journey. He’d wrestled Maeve into a brand new papoose, the most expensive in the shop and far superior to the one he’d been using previously. The carrier was made of a deep purple material and allowed Maeve to be positioned upright, facing towards him with her head lent on his chest as she continued to sleep soundlessly. It was far securer than the carrier that he had previously used and he found himself gently cupping her head despite himself.
“We shared a bed last night.” The dark haired man reminded him. John didn’t pull away but grumbled to himself as Sherlock somehow managed to steer the pram with one hand.
“Don’t be ridiculous.” Mycroft raised his voice but didn’t quite match his brother’s tone.
“I do enjoy this part of her routine.” Sherlock admitted, shucking his wet shirt and placing it on top of the suitcase. “I just thought you would want to participate.”
Sherlock leads him to the last place he expected.
“Jasper, I will inform your mother that you lost your virginity to one of her friends.” Sherlock threatened.
“Oh, making jokes now, are we?” Greg couldn’t hold back a smile. It quickly dropped into a frown. “Wait, why are we here then?”
The consulting detective hummed. “A theory.”
John looked up from his book when Sherlock stepped into the house, Maeve in his arms. He spotted his mother immediately and his said in a sheepish voice. “There was a shop, in the town we passed, it had baby clothes in it, they were…pink.” He cleared his throat. “Would you like to take Maeve?”
“Hardly blog material even if you were impressive.”
“What do you fancy?” John asked quickly as his mum scanned the menu.
“A very tired girl.” Sherlock’s deep baritone rumbled as he strode into the room with far more grace than a man wearing silk pyjamas should have.
“Watching?” John repeated.
“You could leave her with a monkey for a week and she’d love it, and forget about your existence.”
“That was…”
Maeve flashed him a gummy smile.
“Well, it stands to reason that something will.” Sherlock sniffed.
“No, the usual way John.” He said with a small smile. “They’ll be children running around and an obscene amount of food, I’m sure you’ll enjoy yourself.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, he felt John come round beside him and smile at Maeve. “Yes, time. For me and my daughter. We need to bond, it’s a crucial part of her development and I’ve already missed precious time. I and John need to adjust and get everything ready for her.”
“I may be mean but I need all the pity I can get with you two ganging up on me for the next sixteen years.”
“I’m sure she did, dear.”
The door creaked open to reveal Anthea, she nodded in silent greeting and stepped aside to reveal Sherlock with a purple pram that he assumed contained his niece. He looked up to watch them enter, not who he was expecting to see today. He sighed. “Sherlock, I’m busy.”
“I’ll wake her up and feed her when we get back.”
“That’s lovely,” Silvia gushed.
“The 2
“Yes.” Mycroft answered with no doubt in his voice. His brother wanted Maeve from the onset, he could see it and Sherlock knew that.
“You were thinking, it’s annoying.” Sherlock informed him, stormy eyes flicking to his daughter.
Maeve cried out loudly beside him and he looked down. Her face softened and she smiled up at him. Sherlock gave her a wary look, one of amazement and suspicion. He lifted his gaze and slowly turned back to the table. Maeve started to gurgle loudly as though she were talking to one of the toys.
“An army man too,” Edmund croaked.
Maeve was gurgling happily on her father’s lap.
“Yes,” Harold smiled.
“A granddaughter.” His mother managed as Edward guided her into the closest seat.
Sherlock nodded.
John cut her off. “That’s not true.”
“Oh” Molly exclaimed. Sherlock had one night stands and a baby, this was a lot to take in. “Where’s her mother?”
Then, Mycroft did something that nobody quite expected. He placed one hand on his brother’s shoulder and grabbed his chin with the other, forcing his younger brother to look up and into his eyes, grip hand. He hissed, “we all want her back, moping won’t make this better, you need to focus.”
Mycroft stiffened and John placed a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. He tensed and brought a hand to rest on his lips, frightened of the sounds he might have released otherwise.
“You should write that on your Christmas cards,” Sherlock suggested.
Sherlock looked rather out of depth, like a deer caught in the headlights and mumbled, "yes, I share similar sentiments to you, John."
“I heard that he had a baby.”
Sherlock shook his head. “We’ll walk.”
Sherlock grumbled to himself, he adverted his eyes to Maeve and kept them there.
“I’ll leave you to it. If you need more evidence for trial, text me.”
“I am.” He picked up the bottle. It was the correct temperature, the nurse had checked and he had done so afterward, memorising it for future use.
“I hate you.” He said with no venom.
“Sherlock,” Greg looked up and spotted him. He frowned.
“It will be good for her”
“I’d prefer to have her close, when she wakes she’ll want me nearby.”
“Yes, daddy’s here.” He closed his eyes and rocked her side to side until she stopped sniffling. He opened his eyes and craned his neck to look at her face, then placed a kiss on the top of her head.
“Yes.”
“Quite the silver fox.” Arabella told them with a raised eyebrow. She and Violet had been best friends since middle school, she’d met Greg at a dinner a few months back.
After a few minutes Maeve turned her head away and Sherlock put the bottle on the table.
Maeve burrowed further into his shoulder.
Anderson looked even more confused than Donovan, face screwed up in confusion and looking more like a rat that usual. “Where did the baby come from?”
“A lovely image.” Mycroft forced a smile.
Halloween is here at Baker Street.
Sherlock went into the closest cupboard and plucked up a cup. He filled it with coffee and added three cubes of sugar. It would help to erase the sleepiness that was lingering behind his eyes.
“Who else’s would it be?” He asked, curious.
“You were also stabbed.” His father reminded him, as if he needed reminding.
Siger opened the front of the box and the cat slowly stepped out. It was a girl, tortoiseshell with more black than white, which was only evident on her paws and the underside of her stomach, and ginger sparse in the dark fur. Her green eyes flicked over the flat sceptically then settled on the consulting detective. She meowed loudly. Sherlock reached out to stroke her but his father quickly grabbed his hand.
“Don’t I?” The consulting detective challenged.
Violet smiled and nodded quickly.
“Is she…” Siger started, words faltering and unable to finish.
“Nice pyjamas.” John snorted, breaking the silence.
“On call” Sherlock answered with a pout “a patient of his took a turn for the worst this morning, I am capable but he thought that I needed babysitting.”
“Oh, I’m quite positive that you are right.” Sherlock responded simply, smile still firmly in place as he watched his daughter.
“Your mother has been beside herself with worry, we both have.” His father chipped in looking disappointed. He thought about all the times he’d seen his father give Sherlock that look.
“That’s hardly the point.” John scoffed.
His mother ignored him and picked it up in the correct size. “Is there anything you needed?”
The good thing about prams, Violet decided, was the useful storage for things like bags of shopping. The bottom of the pram was occupied with bags of new clothes and toys, all for Maeve of course, and a couple were hooked on the handle beside the purple baby bag Sherlock had packed. Maeve was sleeping, her soft snores almost inaudible in the heavy bustle of London but Violet had trained her ears to listen for it, having kids, especially troublesome ones like Sherlock, had taught her a keen sense of hearing. Her hands were balled up into fists beside her head and her feet had kicked away the small thin blanket that she’d placed over her.
“I’ll get her Moses basket.” Greg said, ducking out of the room long enough to grab the Moses basket and come back into the room. He placed it onto the table beside the bowl and smiled at the younger man.
The response came a minute later.
"No, my parents were married at the time of my conception." Sherlock responded, sure of himself.
“No, it’s fine Mrs. Hudson.”
There were footprints leading from the door.
“I take it this is Emily.” It was not a question. It was the first time he’d spoken since coming into the house and the deep grumble pleased Maeve very much. She giggled against his chest, looking up to face him as she did so, seeking his approval. The older man craned his neck to watch her and smiled, his hand rubbing over the back of her head in a slow smooth movement. His eyes flicked back to the canvas and he carefully placed the other painting back in front of it.
“Is he alright?” Sally asked on the car journey to New Scotland Yard. She glanced in their rear-view mirror at Sherlock – he was still and staring out of the window with his hand resting on his daughter, both of her hands resting on his – and then to John.
Sherlock hummed.
Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“Your parents.” John deduced.
“Healthy.” He corrected.
John frowned and moved his head back slightly. He repeated, “Solid foods.”
“Then you should have focused on the road,” Sherlock articulated.
Greg nodded.
“Not me.” Sherlock clarified. “Maeve, it’s a biological imperative to reproduce, I have a daughter which demonstrates-“
A huge thank you to Ashley1272 whose comments motivated me to finish this chapter and helped to remind me why I spend so much time writing this.
They were saved by the arrival of Mrs Hudson with a tea tray, she bustled in with a smile, “just this once mind you.”
“I know everything.”
“Obviously,” Sherlock murmured, nuzzling his daughter’s cheek. She jerked at the wet hair that slid against her skin but allowed it, she even smiled, and gurgled in excitement.
I promise that Sherlock is ok in this chapter, he doesn't regret becoming a father or resent Maeve in the slightest but as we know, he has an addictive personality and is often bored. So, time away may help.
Sherlock frowned at him.
“Goodbye Mummy.” Mycroft kissed his mother’s cheek angling his body so that Maeve wouldn’t be crushed between them. He drew back. “Father, ladies.”
“We’re going to take a scenic route home.”
“I thought Maeve might like to try it.”
“You better not be working late,” Sherlock said with a look much like a mother hen. It was amusing how the tables had turned since Maeve had come into their lives.
“No, it’s not.” She agreed.
“What happened Mycroft?” His father asked.
“Perfect.”
“Yes, don’t you have a country to run?” Sherlock asked.
“Mine.”
Maeve opened her mouth as though she was going to speak but closed it again, and John scooped her up.
“Well, it is only right I thank you for going above and beyond.”
“You could have just said that you missed me to,” John kissed him softly again, keeping it chaste.
John appeared out of nowhere and stood to both of the Holmes brothers sides.
“I’m going to get a drink, do you need anything?” John asked, leaning forward to get a better view at the sleeping baby.
Anthea shrugged. “I’ll just demand a raise.”
John nodded. “You were amazing today and I never did thank you, so, thank you Sherlock Holmes.”
“Shhh…Shhh.” He hushed her, voice slightly rough from sleep but smooth baritone in place. “Everything is going to be just fine.”
“I haven’t thought about it.” He admitted.
Sherlock frowned and his eyebrows raised, he looked vaguely impressed. “True. Rather hard to stay mad at the son that’s given you your first grandchild.”
“They were disappointed and think I’m selfish, they want to take Maeve in and raise her because ‘Holmes’ stick together’.”
Maeve was cooing gently. Small sounds of content. She’d obviously been awake for a little while, as had Sherlock both were alert and communicating with one another. Not scrunching their faces of moaning like they did directly after waking up. “Are you hungry?” Sherlock asked her. “Daddy needs a shower, would you like a shower too?”
“You really think that?”
John smiled at him from across the room.
“I think it’s something to do with the daughter?”
“Really?” Sherlock asked, mumbling against his hand like a child.
“You should change her while we’re here.”
The nurse frowned in confusion as she sorted through the syringes on the tray, checking each one and placing them in the correct order. “Is you partner a paediatric doctor?”
“Drugs.”
Sherlock hummed. He and Maeve were shaded from the sun by a picnic umbrella, both laying down on their fronts. Sherlock had shed his shoes and socks but wore his usual attire, a pair of dark blue slacks and a white shirt. “Nobody believed me of course.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Of course she was,” Sherlock scoffed. “How long did it take her to settle down?”
“As is yours,” Sherlock nodded to the sleeping infant in his brother's arms.
Maeve babbled incoherently in response.
Maeve blinked up at him.
“She’s very protective.”
Sherlock slid a hand underneath his daughter to rest on her bum, careful to avoid her legs and scooped her up. He held her close to his one large hand on her bottom and the other cradling her head. She continued to cry into his neck tears wetting his skin as she screamed. He watched her cautiously and jiggled her in an attempt to calm her, pressing his lips against her forehead. The soft dark hairs tickled his nose reassuringly.
He nodded and reached for his phone. He hesitated with his hand on his pocket.
“Sherlock has custody” Mycroft answered, fishing his phone from his pocket and producing a picture that John had sent him. It was a rather fetching one of Sherlock and Maeve during ‘tummy time’, the infant on his chest and holding her head up at that moment. He passed the phone to his parents, they were too shocked to talk and drank the picture in with overwhelming curiosity.
Sherlock moved with the swagger of a man trying to keep his daughter asleep. The other people in the airport paid him no mind as he walked, dipping slightly on every second step, and rocking his torso from side to side. Maeve was sleeping but the twitching of her lip suggested that she would wake soon, far before she was ready to and that, would not be good. She’s be grumpy and refuse to sleep. And the already tortuous airport experience would be unbearable.
John looked up from his book the moment Sherlock sat down beside him, frowned but said nothing. Sherlock looked as though he’d seen a ghost. He was paler than usual and looked uncomfortable. John closed the book and leaned towards the taller man, he cleared his throat quietly and asked, “You ok?”
John answered for Sherlock, surprising Sherlock and his parents. “That’s a little way off yet. Sherlock is adjusting magnificently to having Maeve around, the flats never been so tidy and I didn’t even hear him get up with her last night. She seems quite content.”
“Stupid animal.” He muttered under his breath and turned to face the room. Maeve was cradled in one arm, his other hand resting on her stomach, she held onto it with both fists.
“Interesting?”
“She is quite convincing.” Anthea said, clapping her hands together.
Sherlock was true to his word and five minutes later he and John were in a cab on the way to Baker Street.
Sherlock pulled open the front door and a rush of cold air hit him in the face, blowing his already messy curls back from his face. He was dressed and the papoose strapped beneath his coat, which had Maeve facing him with her head resting on his chest. One large hand was resting on her back. He stepped outside and closed the door, placing his now free hand on her head. She had a hat on and a coat. His coat acted as protection against the cold summer night wind.
“To cover up the murder, he finds out his partner is cheating” he paused while Maeve burped close to his ear. “He finds out she is cheating, follows the man and see’s victim number one. He’s angry, but smart, really smart, he doesn’t want to be caught so he invents a serial killer, kills the girlfriend of the man sleeping with his partner before killing his own wife, then he kills the third. Who’d suspect the second victims boyfriend?”
“Best get home then.” John said simply.
“Yes.”
“Hmmm. You could come to the clinic and then we can go to lunch together.”
“He hasn’t called, why hasn’t he called?” John asked, sounding frantic.
Mrs Hudson opened the door before he had reached the top step. “Come in, you’ll catch you death.”
“She needs to be fed.”
“It was adorable Sherly.” She insisted, continuing with the story. “You were always rushing off doing experiments and that obsession with bees.”
“Why would Mycroft oversee?” Greg asked.
“Yes.” Sherlock answered simply, pulling Maeve away from his body and checking her in case she wanted to be sick again. He handed her over to John, who immediately pulled her onto the shoulder with the towel and used his free hand to dab the towel on her mouth, cleaning her of any remaining sick. “Little terror.”
Sherlock nodded. “It makes sense.”
“Yes but you are annoyingly so.”
“You can’t ignore her.”
Violet was unimpressed but a small smile betrayed her. “Go and socialise.”
“For who?” The consulting detective flopped back onto the bed.
“It was certainly enlightening.” He sighed.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes and pushed himself off the wall, quickly pocketing his phone and rounding on the desk, placing his elbows on it. “Yes.”
John sighed, “I’m not reminding you that she’d your mother.”
“I reckon that you are wasting my time” Sherlock announced. He took a step away from the body and ran his hand over his daughter’s delicate head, fingers lingering against the soft hairs dusting her scalp. The hair was thickening, almost unnoticeably but he could feel the hair growing and ends curling against his fingertips.
“Yes, the baby is fine, it was a long birth.” She assured him. Her voice was soft, too soft, eyes fixed on him and expression solemn. “It’s a girl, Mr Holmes, you have a beautiful daughter.”
Mycroft cracked a smile in response. Though the compliment wasn’t for him it but his daughter but a warm feeling spread inside of him. He was proud. He mentally berated himself, it was ridiculous to feel proud of a new-born baby for finishing her bottle, but he couldn’t deny the emotion that was washing over him. He ignored it and put her in the correct position, sat on his leg with her head resting in his palm. He began rubbing her back softly, surely until he felt and heard her burp. When he was finished, he looked up at his brother, aware that he’d been watching him avidly like a goldfish with a TV soap. “Satisfied?”
Mycroft smirked at that. “It’s not the first time I’ve heard that comparison.”
Sherlock shot him a look. “At least she doesn’t resemble you.”
The blonde twisted on the spot and it was as if the world slowed down, Sherlock saw her hair fan out around her shoulders and the slow step of her boot on the floor with a resounding thump. The knife glittered in the moonlight that filtered through kitchen window, blood dripping from the blade and her knuckles white from her tight grip on the handle. Sherlock acted completely out of instinct, pushing himself up and lunging towards the girl. His body collided with hers, catching Louise unaware and sending them both tumbling into the wall.
Sherlock jumped to his feet and clapped his hands together. “Let’s get this over with then.”
“Don’t be silly John.” Sherlock told him. He placed a kiss on the doctor’s lips and walked down the path towards the house, he called back. “You are much more than that.”
“About you, this” he gestured wildly with his arms, “about your fears and…this was your room.”
“Not for me, thank you.” Violet said with a smile as she got back to her feet.
“A blessing,” Mycroft responded.
Sherlock paused for a moment to dispose of his coffee and carried on walking, John watched his stretch towards the bin and toss the cup while keeping his hand firmly on the pram and eyes on Maeve at all times.
It was a normal home. Clean crisp with photographs lining the walls.
Sophia nodded with the brutal honesty only a child could possess.
Mycroft raised an eyebrow and shot a look at John.
Sherlock said nothing, eyes flicking from the floor to his father and back again.
There was a moment of silence. “He won’t ever be sated will he?”
“The bag is packed.” John said, rising to his feet and pocketing his notebook. Sherlock hummed but said nothing. “Are we taking the pram?”
“So her birthday is the 2
John stopped in the aisle and turned to him. “You’re not upset about her crawling, are you?”
“You’ll need tea then.”
“Shut up!” John told him simply, “Pick up your daughter, bring her downstairs and smile for the photos, so help me, if you don’t I will withhold sex.”
“Penguins,” he told her.
“He’s on the phone.”
“Her aptitude for music is hardly surprising given her lineage.”
Siger nodded his head and Violet glanced in the direction. Sherlock and John were crossing the road, Maeve cradled to his chest in a light purple sling and the army doctor pushing the purple pram along. They looked happy, their son focused completely on the blonde like it was the most important thing on earth as they exchanged a smile. His eyes then flicked to them, noticing how they were sat in the window and his jaw tightened.
Sherlock ignored him and ran a hand down his back.
“Brother Mine,” Sherlock welcomed, gloating wordlessly to his brother.
“I’ve never seen anything like it.” She exclaimed.
“There is no other explanation for his torturing the victims.”
“Ready?” He asked her with a smile.
“For goodness sake.” Sherlock blurted out the moment he clapped eyes on his daughter.
“Two women strangled within the last five months.” Greg spoke in a hushed tone. “The third was just found and we thought you might like to take a look at the scene now we’re officially investigating a serial killer.”
Sherlock ignored the comment and scooped up another spoonful for her, offering it to her lips, she opened her mouth wider and accepted the spoon, pulling the gloopy mixture into her mouth again.
Maeve squealed.
“What are you doing here?” Sherlock spat.
“Back to Baker Street.”
He nodded and continued. “He’s an idiot but he’s not like the rest. He’s quite remarkable really, you wouldn’t think it if you saw him, poor unsuspecting John Watson but there’s more than meets the eye. There always is, that’s important, don’t forget that. With Papa it’s his history. He’s strong and brave. A doctor and a solider. Warrior and healer. People tend to forget that. They forget that he’s extraordinary because I’m a genius. There’s no need being modest, modesty gets you nowhere. I outshine him, apparently. I make his extraordinariness less extraordinary.” He frowned at himself. “Never tell anybody that I said that, especially your uncle, he’d have a heart attack. All those posh schools and I sound like a goldfish.”
“I didn’t know you believed in such things,” Greg said, far too amused at the situation.
“Right,” he said to himself.
“How?” John managed, still surprised by the consulting detective. “How on earth could you know that?”
Violet stepped beside her husband, wrapping her arm around one of his. “Has something happened?”
Sherlock looked down at his sleeping daughter and announced. “We’re going for a walk.”
“I guess we’re done then” Greg told them, placing the lid on his pen.
Sherlock tapped his fingers rhythmically on his leg.
Sherlock retook his seat. He crossed his legs and took a deep settling breath, is hand tapping metrically on the table. John stood beside Sherlock’s chair. Mycroft unbuttoned and rolled his sleeves to his elbows, he sat down. Greg stepped forward and stood behind his partner.
Sherlock and John are back from their weekend away, and hit the ground running with a new case.
“And you’ll be getting a food delivery in the morning?”
“Then, why are we having this conversation?” He asked, more than a little peeved.
Sherlock cut him off with a stern look and raised eyebrows. “Please, there is a child present.”
“Sometimes.” Mycroft managed.
“Mycroft insisted,” Sherlock sniffed. He had insisted too but Mycroft had taken the liberty of taking John there one evening after work and having the tailor design something for the doctor, well he’s practically kidnapped him but at least he wouldn’t be wearing the awful suit hanging in his wardrobe.
Sherlock jolted, pulled away from his thoughts and hummed. “What?”
I love the thought of Mycroft as a parent so this fic actually warms my heart.
“Mycroft, no this is important, I need to speak with him now…Anthea, someone’s taken Maeve.” Sherlock could hear John speaking but was too focused on the passing people. “Mycroft, thank God, someone’s taken Maeve, yes, she’s gone! We were at a scene, an officer was meant to be watching her, she’s gone.”
“We can walk,” John nodded.
Sherlock nodded and rose to his feet, holding Maeve against his body with one hand. She looked around at the movement, startled but decided that she was safe in her father’s grasp and squeal – somewhere between delight and annoyance at being moved so quickly. Sherlock looked down at her and rolled his eyes (amused). “The last body was discovered yesterday.” Sherlock said, he did not ask.
“Erm…” Sally shot Greg a slightly confused look but humoured the detective. “1:05.”
“How long?”
Sherlock glared at him. “She does not leave the flat.”
“Mind palace?” Mycroft asked, already knowing the answer.
Anton walked back towards the lift with his tail between his legs.
Once he was finished with the main body of the house he gestured towards the next room which was separated from view with a large drape made from a burgundy velvet.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and enunciated. “I love them but watching him wipe away faeces is less than appealing. I get to be an active participant daily.”
Sherlock gave a curt nod. “I just wanted you to know, I forgot the time.”
“Stop it.” John scolded and hit the taller man’s leg.
“You had a good day sweetheart?” John asked her.
“Tim. Tim Clarke.” He offered.
“Do you want to look at the body?” Greg asked.
"It is not a sentiment that I am used to expressing, I have never loved another like this, until you." Sherlock admitted, his cheeks turning a brilliant shade of light pink.
“We get the ransom here and when he calls, I need to speak with him.”
“Andrews is cooking.” Sherlock informed him. John raised an eyebrow and he elaborated. “Pancakes.”
“Am I boring you?” A smile tugged at his thin lips.
“You need to taste it.” Sherlock explained as though it were the simplest thing in the world. He pulled Maeve away from his shoulder and shifted her so that her back was pressed against his chest, supported by his arm across her torso. She blinked tiredly at John.
Sherlock nodded and placed both of the towels on the end of John’s seat.
“My mother is caring and compassionate, she sees past all my faults. She is kind, trusting and loving. This is everything that I grew to hate as I grew up, my mind worked too fast, it was too much from an early age and my attention span…well, I like things to be fast and explored. My father strict, firm and short-tempered, we have never seen eye to eye. They care deeply about reputation. This made our relationship worsen when I began on my…downward spiral.”
“I’m sorry sweetheart” he whispered to his daughter as her hand ran over his chest and she pressed a kiss to his neck, less of a kiss and more of a taste of his skin.
The shorter man considered it for half a second before switching his cane to his other hand. He took his hand and shook it firmly. “I just wanted to check something.”
Mycroft inhaled deeply and after a few seconds he released his breath, somewhat shakily. “Yes.”
Mycroft sighed and said to Maeve, “I will never tolerate you calling me that.”
“Finished?” John asked, standing behind the consulting detective looking at her.
Greg’s eyes widened at the picture, it was of Sherlock holding Maeve protectively against his chest, a smaller picture showed him pushing the pram through the park on a mid-day walk. “Christ. And Sherlock’s seen these?”
Jade jumped onto the counter beside him and meowed loudly in his face.
Sherlock hummed in confirmation.
“They called for cabs and what?” Sherlock looked over them expectantly.
“We can, not know, if you prefer.” Claire shrugged again. Mycroft sighed and continued. “It’s entirely up to you.”
“Not this time,” Mycroft closed the door as he stepped outside. His black leather shows quashing the snow beneath his feet. He watched his feet sink slightly before looking out at the garden.
“I agree. Her first Christmas should be magical.”
Sherlock blinked and looked down at the unoccupied bouncy chair, his eyes widened and he frowned, eyes darting around the room. “Maeve?”
"She's smiling" John informed him, smugly. He turned his body to show Sherlock his daughter, smiling against his shoulder.
“I managed to finish earlier than expected.” Mycroft told him, lips tugging into a small smile. “Sherlock is following a lead and Maeve has been with my parents. We need to take her home.”
“Greg waiting for us at the hospital?” John asked. Sherlock nodded.
“Is he ok?” Violet asked as she rushed towards her son, taking the chair next to his and angling her body to face his.
“It’s not the clothes I have a problem with, it’s the sheer amount.” He sighed.
“And you’re sure that’s everything?” Greg asked, placing the written statement on the desk and fixing Sherlock with a stern look.
“These are my parents.” John introduced.
Mycroft chuckled at that, “Going soft, brother mine.”
“And soap.”
They were stood outside the building. Mycroft lent against the clean black car watching as his brother bounced Maeve up and down rhythmically, her chin was on his shoulder and his hand rubbed her back in small circular motions. There was a muslin on his shoulder protecting his suit and a thin blanket held over her back, making sure that she was not only kept warm but protected against the warm sun.
Sorry this took so long but I am in the midst of all my assignments. I haven't got long left, so you can look forward to regular updates shortly.
The bathroom door slammed shut and the sound of running water followed.
“Well.” Mycroft said after a moment, rising to his feet. Maeve had quietened down. “I will leave you to it.”
“Second floor.” He said more to himself than anything.
“Don’t worry.” Sherlock said loudly. “The male prostitutes weren’t anything personal, they were the only way he could sustain an erection without using Viagra. I’m sure she’ll forgive you for the second mortgage. But she won’t for the not having children, it’s made her bitter.”
“That went well,” Sherlock announced.
“I’m seeing someone.”
“Can I see?” John asked.
Sherlock snorted.
.” His brows raised in disapproval at the word.
John nodded, “Twenty-eight day old Maeve.”
“I wasn’t stabbed earlier this week” John grumbled.
“I’m not ashamed of you.” John cut him off.
“We’ve got an hour.” Greg voiced, the team nodded.
“And she’s alright, yeah?”
The elder Holmes sibling looked immaculate in his suit. It was a simple but elegant piece that seemed black to the naked eye but once it was beneath the light shimmered a deep midnight blue. The collar, by contrast, was made of a black matte material and his bow tie was a dark patterned blue that matched the handkerchief in his pocket. It was an exquisite piece. Sherlock really couldn’t fault the execution of the outfit.
It was
John pursed his lips. “My mother will love you.”
“Will you be joining us?” Sherlock asked.
"Where is my greeting?" Sherlock asked.
“Would you care for some sport?” Siger asked.
“Did you break something?”
“Do you want to know the sex?” Claire asked. They were sat in his office just before their second scan,Mycroft had been too busy to attend the first, a crisis in Russia that had required his immediate attention.
“Any interesting homicides?” Sherlock asked, breaking the moment.
“He ok?” Greg asked, looking up at his partner.
“Done,” the nurse declared as she placed the last plaster on the girl’s thigh, quickly picked up the tray and moved to the other side of the room.
Sherlock glared at him and withdrew his finger. He craned his neck to watch her expression. Maeve opened and closed her mouth a few times, her frown deepening before whining loudly. She licked her lips. He put the finger in his own mouth and licked it clean, brow furrowing slightly at the taste.
“I’ll take the washing from the hamper down.”
Sherlock grinned mischievously at this, his brother was essentially giving him a free pass to be his usual miserable self at the reception, deductions and all, and all he had to do in return was make it through the ceremony without insulting anyone or interrupting. It couldn’t be that hard right?
John pulled the duvet back and Sherlock climbed in, pulling the duvet over his body and turning to face his partner. His eyes narrowed critically. “You’re upset with me.”
Mycroft picked his daughter up with great care, his hand supporting her delicate head. It struck him how small her skull was. His hand was bigger than her skull, it seemed impossible that something this delicate could belong to him. She was reliant on him totally. It was his job to take care of her, protect her and teach her. The responsibility of having a child had been something weighing on his mind for the past nine months but now, it was beginning to settle heavily in the put of his stomach. He was a father and this, this beautiful, fragile baby was his for the rest of her life. He shifted her into position against his chest, her head turned towards his head. She was already beginning to fall asleep again.
The nurse left the room with a smirk on her face. Sherlock was sat on the chair Mycroft had once occupied, his brother was now sat on the examination bed, back against the wall and legs dangling off the end. Evelyn was perched on one of his long arms with a blanket around her.
John snorted. “Me, cocky? You’re the cocky one.”
“You can’t stay angry at her for a second,” John said with an annoying smile.
“You being here helps.” Sherlock admitted, “And her. You help to numb the noise.”
Maeve squealed.
“Have you ever fed a baby before?” He asked again.
Violet hit his arm, “don’t be silly, I’ll do it.”
“Starved.”
Sherlock's frown deepened, "that has little to do with your bedside manner and more the fact that you've showed her some attention."
The only thing he could see clearly was his daughter’s face, scared and confused.
“Pleasure to meet you,” John smiled. He greeted them both with a firm handshake.
“I’ll put her to bed then.”
“There’s a good place a couple of streets over.”
“No, I’m sure it’s going to be enlightening.”
“Yes.” Sherlock answered, elongating the ‘s’ slightly as he unhooked the sling with practised ease and handed Maeve to John, he took her gladly with a smile.
“You’re early.” Mycroft announced, checking his pocket watch.
“And look how that turned out,” Mycroft said under his breath.
Mycroft smiled to himself and retreated, closing the door.
“It’s not exactly…normal.”
“Bloody hell Sherlock give a man a break, I hardly expected to walk in and find you with a baby.” Mike breathed eye glued to the consulting detective.
“I will call them once she is fed.”
Sherlock gave a curt nod.
“Uncle Greg is here,” he told Maeve with raised eyebrows.
Sherlock’s face scrunched up and Maeve giggled in delight at the sight.
“Would you rather her wear cheap, possibly irritable materials?” She asked.
Sherlock shot John a look that said ‘are you a complete idiot’ followed by a softer ‘I love you’ expression. He sighed dramatically, “I’m expected to volunteer my daughter for pain.”
John managed a small reassuring smile. “You still don’t.”
“As ever, my dear, you go above and beyond.”
“But I shouldn’t have snapped at you like that, you’re not a child.”
“You shouldn’t be with him just because of her.” Harry exhaled.
“He knows that I’m involved?” Sherlock asked.
John stirred and opened one eye.
“No, you’re being exceedingly annoying.”
“See you later” John nodded towards the politician.
Maeve grunted in what he assumed was confirmation and he continued with a roll of his eyes, looking down at the infant with fondness despite himself, “How does your Daddy do it?”
The nurse continued, “The injections will be going into her thighs because -”
“I called Mycroft,” the blonde doctor informed him in a gentle tone, “he’s got a car waiting outside to take you to home.”
“They would if you were a danger to her.”
The sun was shining through a gentle mist as the car pulled up the gravel driveway leading to the hotel his mother had handpicked for her charity gala. The neo-gothic mansion looked akin to a castle, the type a princess would be locked away in and sheltered from the world within the cold sandy stone, turrets and elegant arched windows. It was overwhelming or it would be to a normal person, Sherlock Holmes merely glanced at the house through the tinted window, stepped out of the car and picked up his discontent daughter. She whined as though the movement pained her and he pressed his lips to the top of her head.
