Steve was the only one who at least tried to keep an appearance of normalcy, but even he was helpless.
"No. I wouldn't have minded tho." A dreamy expression crossed his face, and Tony held his breath. "He is-, was straight. And I didn't want to impose. Would've only complicated things." He shrugged, meeting Tony's eyes for a split second before looking away again.
He inhaled deeply, letting this sudden realization settle. He searched Steve's eyes, blue as the sky above. And just as beautiful.
Steve snorted, glaring at her. "Only because YOU are too lazy to make a proper breakfast and rather live off of toast and awful smoothies." He shuddered in disgust.
'Useless', a small voice in the back of Tony's head hissed. He shut it down less and less, even though he knew he should.
"Care to join us for breakfast, Tony? That one-“ she pointed at Steve with a smirk, "makes some mean pancakes.“
Steve shook his head. "Keep it.“ He exhaled as if wanting to say something else. "Just keep it,“ he said; Tony instantly knew it wasn't what he had wanted to say.
The world around them vanished; the only thing that mattered was the man in front of him, warm, solid and utterly terrified.
"I think I go back to bed," he said. "Don't want this to become breakfast." He sat the empty glass on a table. He hesitated. "You okay?" He didn't want to leave the other man on his own.
"Let me know if you've reached an answer,“ he said flatly. He ignored the sharp pang of regret in his chest as Steve kept staring at him. It had been ages since he‘d opened up like this. Doing so to the one person he had never really made his peace with, suddenly felt like a massive mistake.
One night the nightmare that woke him left him shaking and in desperate need of fresh air. Rushing out of his room, he only realized that it was almost winter as he stepped out into the darkness and shivered violently.
"I am who I am, Tony," Steve said, slumping against the stone. "I can‘t change it. Believe me, I tried.“ He bit his lip, his face twisted in an internal fight. He took a shuddering breath, his eyes softened as he looked at Tony.
He sat in the car for a long time, before he eventually got out, taking a deep breath. The air was cool and fresh. Sighing, he stuffed his hands in his pockets and walked towards the large stones scattered around the wide area.
Tony could see as he made his decision - whatever that was. It took Steve three steps to come to stand right in front of Tony.
Tony scrambled to his feet, straightening his shirt. "You talked to me. My answer is the same as it always is."
Steve grinned, wrapping his fingers around Tony‘s wandering hands and pressed them in to the mattress. "I will, if you stop wriggling.“
He grinned as he watched Steve blush, who didn't look away even though he wanted to - Tony could see that. Instead he pulled him impossibly closer, sealing his lips over Tony's once more.
He went and apologized a day later, and naturally Rhodey forgave him. He also stopped joining Tony for his walks. Rhodey and Happy kept checking in on him, made sure he ate, controlled his healing process, but that was it. The team sent him recordings of every meeting they held, always telling him that he was still part of something bigger. Sometimes he listened to them on his walks, just to have some sort of human interaction. More often than not he ignored it though. Friday archived them; she always seemed to know when he needed to hear some human voices.
The man in the door wasn't Captain America. All Tony saw was a weary man, as troubled and unable to sleep as Tony was. Which was why he acknowledged him with a sharp nod, too worn out for words. Everything hurt, even breathing was painful at times.
Tony tensed, unseeing eyes locking with Steve‘s as he came with a low moan. His head fell back and he clung to Steve as he rode out his orgasm. The soft little noises he made undid Steve as well, and he groaned deeply as his own orgasm rippled through him.
He slept more often than not; every once in a while he even managed six hours a night. The nights where he didn't manage, or when nightmares woke him, Steve almost always waited for him, a pot of fresh coffee or tea on the table in the common rooms. He never asked how he knew; he figured he either heard him, or was plagued by nightmares himself.
He tried it again, a few days later. Building something bigger -a droid that could detect precious metals- took him most of the day. He was exhausted after, mentally and physically, and he slept four hours in a row, waking up refreshed and hungry.
"Had a need for reading?“ he asked teasingly as he sat on the chair opposite. It was cool and he pulled the cardigan closer around his shoulders.
They stood in silence, an unspoken understanding between them. Eventually Tony felt the cold too much to take solace from it.
Steve's fingers were in Tony's hair. He started mouthing over Tony's neck, a soft hum coming from him. Tony wasn't sure whether it was an actual sound or just Steve's frame trembling harder and harder the more he explored Tony's body.
Steve stepped back, holding up his hands, an awkward expression on his face. He walked around the table and sat opposite Tony, cradling the mug in his hands.
"I had lots of time to think,“ he continued, voice rough, "the past months, alone, nobody to talk to.“
"And yet you keep doing it," Tony continued angrily, fingers digging deeper into the hard muscles. Steve didn't even flinch."You still keep going, doing what‘s ‚right‘, no matter the consequences.“
The first time he stepped back into his workshop was painful. Nothing had changed since he'd last been there. Everything was just as chaotic as he'd left it.
Steve laughed quietly, eyes blazing blue fire. He framed Tony's face with his hands; they felt huge on his cheeks.
He turned towards the door. Steve, who hadn't moved from his spot, jumped to open it for him, which made Tony snort and Steve blush for some reason.
His hair was a riot, thoroughly disheveled by Steve's hand and rather fitful sleep. These days there was more silver in it, making the dark curls a rather beautiful grey. His face was soft, his lips slightly parted. His long lashes were fluttering softly; he was dreaming. There was a faint rash from Steve's beard on his neck. Steve had to push back the sudden urge to rub his face all over Tony's thighs, just to see the sensitive skin there redden as well. He breathed through the wild desire, and instead ran a slightly shaking hand over the side of Tony's face.
manage. And that's even without sleeping together." He winked, rather weakly, but Steve only kept smiling at him. "I'm very willing to do all that. For you. With you. So I'm telling you: Yes, I want you. All of you. For as long as you are willing to endure me."
"Thank you Friday," Steve wheezed between giggles, while Tony only shook his head. "I definitely don't remember programming her to provide a dictionary in the bedroom," he said, amusement making his eyes sparkle.
"Yes, Tony,“ he whispered lowly; still astonished as to how much he enjoyed saying Tony‘s name like that. And the reaction was still as beautiful as the first time.
“It seems so.” Steve followed Tony. They quickly showered and got dressed, brushing their teeth side by side. Before they left the room, Tony pulled Steve into a brief kiss.
Tony's gaze swept over Steve and the grin vanished. "Tea or coffee?“ he asked, setting his own mug down. Steve felt the tension in his shoulders easy as Tony got up, walking towards him.
Steve shifted his weight, fingers slotting around Tony‘s, squeezing them hard. Tony whined again, straining against his grip, trying to lean up and kiss him.
Steve growled, a low noise that was more sensation than actual sound. His arms came around Tony's waist, and he spun them around, pressing Tony against the stone. He yelped at the manhandling, but Steve's hungry mouth on his made him forget it instantly.
"Ours,“ Steve replied, slipping his hands under Tony‘s ratty shirt. He sighed at the softness of Tony‘s skin. He started peppering kisses over every bit of revealed skin. Tony squirmed under his touch, soft sounds falling from his parted lips.
So was Tony. He had to admit that he was scared out of his depths and emotionally compromised. That had never really stopped him before. He lifted his head, staring at Steve who hadn't moved. Tony swallowed hard.
They had settled into their new lives, because what else was there to do. There was nothing to change, only to improve. The world was still turning, and as much as it hurt, they had to keep going.
Tony never admitted it out loud, but he'd come to enjoy Steve's company. And he had the feeling Steve felt equally. It was as if he was a different person at night, a softer, gentler, more understanding Steve.
But he'd happily exchange the man sitting right in front of him for the woman he'd wanted to marry, or the smart young man he‘d come to think of a son.
"Salacious: having or conveying undue or inappropriate interest in sexual matters", Friday unhelpfully provided, and they both stared at the ceiling, then at each other. They burst into laughter.
"Do you boys want breakfast?" came through the intercom at Steve's door. "I may have made some and too much of it." Natasha sounded smug.
"Say stop and I‘ll do so instantly,“ Steve said roughly, and before Tony could even wonder, Steve had pulled him into a hug. Loose enough to escape, yet so tight that Tony‘s face was smooshed into Steve‘s neck.
It didn't. They tried to talk: about missions, about what had to be done, should be done. Very quickly they realized that Tony wasn't the least interested.
Tony was curled up in the window seat, staring out into the night. A cup of coffee sat on the table by his elbow, steam curling up towards the ceiling. It was late; only the emergency lighting illuminated the large room, casting everything in a blue'ish glow.
After putting the pot back, he came over, cradling the mug in between his large hands. He cleared his throat, making a small gesture towards the other side of the wide nook Tony was sitting in.
"Woah, slow down there, soldier," he murmured as Steve unceremoniously shoved a thigh between Tony's legs. The feeling of it almost blew a fuse in his brain, the pressure was just perfect. He growled, stealing another hard kiss from Steve's lips before gently pushing him back.
But then Steve clenched his jaw, fingers curling into loose fists, and Tony groaned inwardly. He'd seen that reaction too many times - Captain America, gearing up for a fight.
The silence between them was charged, yet strangely fitting. They had nothing to say to each other. Tony had said his piece right after he came back to Earth, had let Steve known what he thought about him. They hadn't talked much after that. Steve had tried, but Tony had blocked every attempt. There wasn't much left to say. Right now the only thing that kept him from walking out on him was his bone-deep exhaustion. Tony Stark, too weary for a fight, he thought bitterly, that‘s a new one.
He left the room, and Tony followed him wordlessly. At the door to Steve's quarters, he stopped. Steve went inside and quickly returned with something in his hands.
Taking up the cup, he sipped, the bitter drink burning in his throat. He contemplated spicing it up with alcohol. He instantly dismissed the thought though. Because deep down inside he knew it wouldn't help.
Tony stared at him. "Captain Rogers, I’m shocked, that’s rather forward of you," he teased. Steve glared at him, and Tony smiled. "You sure? I mean, there's nothing I'd rather do, but I wanted to take you out first. Breakfast, maybe? Do this properly."
All his muscles tensed, his fight or flight mode kicked in, and he instinctively pressed his fists into Steve‘s soft side.
"I can work with that," he said with a soft smile. He held out his hand. Steve put his into it, curling his fingers around Tony's. "Come on then, Cap, let me take you home."
Steve kissed like he did everything else: earnest and thorough, with a single-minded focus that took Tony's breath away.
Tony bit back a grin. He did that. He'd taken Captain America's breath away and made him squirm because he wasn't able to hide the growing erection in his tight jeans.
"We used to go for drinks," Steve said, eyes trained on the fire. "Before the serum it took only one or two beers to get me smashed." He chuckled; somehow it sounded melancholic. "After, I could drink him under the table in no time, and we both knew it. Yet he still tried. Bought the strongest liqueur he could find. After HYDRA-, well, he couldn't get drunk either. The-, the last time he had some weird Wakandan syrupy thing Shuri had mixed together. It stank like battery acid. Funnily it tasted like cherries. We emptied the whole thing in five minutes. And that was the first time in a very long time that I could feel any effect. It didn't last. Shuri said she wanted to keep trying."
"What do you want from me, Rhodes? New suits? What for? There’s nobody left to wear them. Because I won't get-" he stopped, tried to breathe through the massive panic attack the thought alone had caused.
Steve put the glass down a little too hard. Tony watched - morbidly fascinated - as Steve‘s face did something very complicated - it was like watching every human emotion flickering over his features at the same time.
"I'm sure there will be lots of fights in our future, lots of yelling and hurt feelings. But nothing we can't handle. Look at us - we
Tony shrugged, pulling the cardigan down from the chair and wrapped it around his shoulders again. "Possibly."
Tony shrugged a shoulder, shifting a bit closer to the other man. "Sure, why not. Can't be that hard to find something that can get Captain America plastered."
Tony only nodded, his mouth too dry for words. He waved a hand through the air and turned, walking back to his room.
Tony reached out, resting his shaking hand against the side of Steve's face. Steve's eyes flew open, meeting Tony's.
"God help us all, I do,“ he replied. He shuffled a bit, gently pushing Tony‘s legs apart with his own.
Weeks turned into months. The world kept turning. Governments started functioning again, cities, countries were rebuilt, slow and steady.
Tony stared at him. His heart was thumping hard, and he didn't need Friday‘s scans to tell him that the pain in his throat has nothing to do with his too hot coffee. He took a few deep breaths. If there was one thing he'd taken away from the past, that he needed to forgive - his resentment had gotten the better of him most times, and he'd started to hate it.
Tony immediately went for Steve‘s shirt, pawing at it with a desperation that made Steve's heart clench. He wrapped his hands around Tony‘s wrists, stopping him from tearing the worn shirt.
His hands grappled for a hold; Steve's shoulders were too broad, his back too wide. Steve was pressing him against the stone, basically holding him in place with nothing but his chest. Finally Tony gave up, sliding his hands into Steve's short hair. Faintly he felt himself being pushed up further, feet dangling in the air now.
Steve didn't move, hands curled around the glass in his hands. "At least we're not alone." His voice cracked a bit, and Tony instinctively reached out, resting his palm on his shoulder. Steve exhaled sharply before relaxing again.
Tony made a soothing noise. "C‘mere,“ he whispered, and Steve easily stepped into his personal space.
"Not sure about that," he replied, his heart heavy with grief as the screen flickered to life and showed him the last picture of him and Pepper. It had been on their last vacation, the one she'd insisted on.
He fell back into bed, trying to calm his racing heart. When he finally felt in control again, he stood up and walked into the bathroom. He splashed water in his face, staring blindly into the mirror.
"For now," Tony said, scrambling to his feet, "I can offer a nice Scotch which is still fabulous even if it won't have any effect on you." He picked out the bottle and two glasses, and settled back next to Steve. He poured a good amount for them both and handed Steve a glass.
Tony shrugged. "I don't really know. I woke and something didn't feel right. Might've been the fact that Captain America was sulking in the library. Of all places."
Tony groaned, his entire body slumping against Steve‘s. Tony‘s lips were soft, moving with purpose over Steve‘s. A dark moan filled the air, reverberating around them like echoes.
So after everyone else went to bed, he came here, making some coffee and staring into the darkness outside the compound. At least it wasn't the darkness of space, too bright with all its stars and suns, and not the terrifying nothingness he saw whenever he closed his eyes.
"Because I would really like to participate more," Steve interrupted, a slow smile spreading over his face. He reached out, running an unsteady finger along Tony's jaw. The gentle touch made him shiver. Tony stared at him in confusion.
"You were there. Always have been, steady as a rock, ready to take on the world. When I was a child, my dad told me about the great Steve Rogers. Told me I should be more like Captain America. And for a while I tried. Until I realized that nothing I‘d ever do would make my father stop comparing me to you. And then you came back, perfect as you've ever been. The hero the world wanted. Me? I was just a mechanic with too much money and too big an ego. Still am. Now with added PTSD and other assorted letters of the alphabet. People like us? We‘re too damn different to co-exist. We clash, we fight, we tear each other apart. But over the past months I've realized something.“
"It's 5am, boss," Friday quietly announced at some point. Which was a bit moot, as he had programmed that alarm to stay out of Steve‘s way. The Captain was an early riser, and Tony didn‘t want to run into him.
"Wanted to switch it up for a change," Steve said, eyes twinkling in the firelight, "kitchen doesn't have a fire place." He tried to waggle his eyebrows which made Tony burst out laughing.
Tony sat on the side of his bed, listening into the dark. Something was nagging on him. He grabbed a soft cardigan and stepped into the hallway. He wandered around aimlessly until he ended up at the library. It was barely used; Tony sometimes wondered why they even had one.
"Do you even know what you‘re doing to me when you call me that?“ Steve murmured, noses bumping as he leaned closer.
"Stunning, in fact,“ Tony murmured, pushing himself up, pressing an open-mouthed kiss on Steve‘s collarbone. "Breathtaking.“ A nip on his neck. "Outstanding.“ A scrape of teeth over Steve‘s nipples.  Tony pulled him down, nimble hands pushing down their pants. Tony moaned as their skin touched, the sound desperate and needy. Steve dove into another kiss, hands sliding through Tony‘s hair, tugging not so gently.
"Steve," Tony noticed the shiver that shook Steve at the mention of his name. He made a mental note of it.
Tony grinned back. "Haven't had dinner so it's actually late," he said with all the conviction he could muster.
He sat on one of the stools at the breakfast nook, only now realizing how cold he was. Gritting his teeth, he tried to warm his hands on the hot mug.
Steve nodded, suddenly not trusting his voice. Tony instantly noticed. He stepped closer, peering into Steve‘s face.
Tony‘s tongue slid over Steve‘s lower lip, and with a sigh he opened his mouth. Tony tasted like tea and kissed like a drowning man. He barely felt his fingers digging into his scalp. Heat rushed through his body, setting his skin on fire.
"Mine, I guess.“ Steve wondered whether he imagined the hint of pride in Tony‘s tone. "I always thought your heart would be as steady as clockwork. Guess I was wrong.“
Soon he lost himself in his work again, the familiar routines soothing to his frayed mind. His fingers remembered what they had to do, and before long he stood in front of a small sturdy robot that was able to lift hundred times its weight.
"Thanks," he muttered anyways, slowly sitting up from his curled up position. He groaned as he got to his feet. He was still weak and his body wasn't entirely under his control.
Tony reached up, keeping the heavy cardigan from slipping off his shoulders. He hesitated a moment before pulling it closer; he hadn't realized how cold he was.
Tony settled into the silence, feeling that Steve didn't want to talk. Faintly he wondered how he know. He shrugged it off. Things were in constant flux these days, especially between him and Steve. He didn't question it anymore.
"Good. So can I. As long as I can hold you, kiss you-" he ran a hand down Steve's chest, "-touch you, we'll be fine." Tony kissed him again, biting at Steve's lower lip, making him growl. "God, I want to take you apart, bit by maddeningly bit."
He gasped at the sight of it. He used to see anger and loathing in them; after everything there had been only despair and hopelessness. Now he saw adoration and desire, a softness in those amber eyes he had always wished for. Now
Tony nodded, shrugging at the same time. "Yeah. Just-" he rubbed again, shaking his head. "Nothing. I'm fine."
He huffed a laugh against Steve's mouth, but even that didn't bother Steve. And so Tony just went with it, let himself get lost in needy kisses, which seared through his body like fire, burning out the pain and the losses, leaving a warmth he hadn't felt in years.
Keeping his eyes on ‘Clyde’, Tony counted eight guns trained on him. “Stand down, Rugrats.” He tucked his gun back into the waistline of his pants, giving the blonde a tight smile. “Your lives are safe, no need to thank me for saving your dear leader.”
Peter shook his head as he swallowed his food. “No, she's really nice too. I told her a joke yesterday and she laughed! Oh! And she’s smart too! Last week we had a class spelling bee and she won! Wanna know the winning word? DONKEY! I got the word ‘couches’ wrong cause I forgot the ‘e’. Can I have a grilled cheese, Papa?”
The woman shuffled through one of the folders on the table behind her. After some searching, she pulled out a photograph of a newborn Peter in the arms of his parents. His mother was laying in a hospital bed, with a monitor behind her. She looked exhausted, but you can see that she was beautiful. She had curly, long, dark brown hair and sparkling brown eyes. Happiness and joy radiated from her smile as she looked into the camera. Her husband, Peter’s father, sat on the hospital bed next to her. One of his arms was wrapped around his wife’s shoulders while the other was helping support, Peter. He had chocolate brown hair on top of his head, but unlike his wife, his eyes were dark blue. Peter had one of his baby hands wrapped around his Mother’s pointer finger.
“I’m here,” he said immediately. He pulled Tony flush against him and kissed his forehead. “I’m here darling, I’m here.”
When Tony picked up that photograph, the anger in him subsided and he felt drained. He felt empty. Tony knew that he needed some space, he needed breathing room. So he turned around and placed the picture frame on Steve’s flipped mattress and walked out of the room. He hasn’t been back since.
“I miss him.” Steve said, “We saw him only a few hours ago. How is it possible to miss someone so much?”
The Captain stayed silent for several minutes. Watching Tony as his mutts pointed their weapons at him. “Fine,” he finally said, “You can have your book back.” Immediately behind him, his posse erupted in shouts of protests but was silenced when the Captain raised his hand. “You can get it back after we’ve made a copy of it.”
Me: Which in hindsight was not a complete lie. You can’t be doing what we’re doing without having an entire 747 worth of baggage.
I agree with wanting to have someone to share your superhero life. I think I’ve always just wanted someone that I can share my entire life with not just the superhero part but the past. I want someone who just doesn’t expect me to get over it and I think that’s you.
“Not for taking care of her when I couldn’t be there. I’m never going to be mad at you for doing that. I’m just mad at myself.”
“I can’t believe Hunter told you about the ring,” Fitz mumbled against her lips. Once they finally pulled apart reluctantly.
“You should probably know that Melinda put me in charge of looking through your cell phone. She didn’t want Simmons to come across any more pictures of Fitz and Hunter making out.” Steve tells her, and she’s not surprised.
Tony: Good to know you get that show, no matter what country you are currently in. Yes, she changed it to Elizabeth Glen, after she got married a couple years ago in an effort to completely divorce herself from her father due to his various bad actions. I told you they didn’t like each other, and not just because of Bruce. Which was why she was willing to go on national television and show everybody the family skeletons.
Me: Yes, and she brought pie. Afia, along with the other kids, made the other desserts. There were cookies and brownies and I’m probably going to have to let scary May the agent take me to the gym because I’ve eaten way too much. Ana will send you pictures.
Monkey Lover 2: I think we’re good until Mardi Gras. Director Rhodes has Davis and Piper watching things. Why are we going to Glasgow?
“Thankfully, Ross is just upset about Purple Arrow being back with full government approval and not that you’re the great Stefan Carter with the tongue of a God.”
This is also the final update before the series finale of AOS. I'm trying not to cry. At least the story will keep me sane.
Director Stark: We have a secure Avengers/Shield chat group for it. Everybody hated his boyfriend. Although probably for different reasons than you did.
Anthony: Part of me would love to know where you are, but it’s better that I don’t know. Let me know what you think of the statement that I’m sending you next.
Chief mechanic: Ross ended up president after the snap because everybody else in the line of succession got snapped. It was a bad few years until they were able to do elections again in 2022.
TMNS: You’re my main cheerleader, which seems kind of weird because your Spider-man’s number one fan.
Venom: I’m working on not being a dick. It’s easier not living with my parents anymore. [Redacted] doesn’t know yet?
DILF: By not here, I mean stuck in an alternate timeline 2018. It turns out Simmons's fiancé didn't die five years ago in the explosion, but was sent back in time and created another timeline. Obviously, our attempts at undoing everything is not going as planned.
Monkey lover 2: I would just like to avoid them being blown up again and being flung through space and time.
Red phone: Pepper used to be that voice, but she's not here anymore. And Rhodey has other things to deal with because of my stellar decision-making skills.
“At dinner, but then you suggested room service and I actually lost most of my brain function because you really are that good of a kisser.” Tony told him.
Me: I’ll be there barring alien invasion. But don’t expect me to plan the wedding. That’s too much even for me.
Counselor Laura: I try not to question my Tony and Steve's relationship. Which from this point forward, I will refer to as the Stark-Rogers.  It's too headache-inducing.
Me: Well not now after I read your letter. At least you are aware that what you did was stupid, and you were trying to get my nephew to tell me the truth.
Tosha: Not necessarily, not your Laura, but again one that took a slightly different pathway that led her to be a teenage superhero guidance counselor.
P Parker: Afia didn’t even know until this morning. Tony didn’t even know. Other May dragged him out of bed at like 4 AM.
Me: I didn’t think I would ever hear those words from you. I wasn't even sure that they were in your vocabulary.
“OK, we are still skipping question 13 because you’re raising a kid that can see the future, and you really wish she didn’t,” Tony said as he slid under the covers of the bed with a Stark pad in hand. If he was going to share a bed with Steve, he was going to be comfortable. It’s already a little too cold for October, and Pepper hasn’t switched the heat on yet. If he’s been fantasizing about snuggling with Steve for a decade, that’s nobody else’s business. He was too stressed out during the Ultron fiasco to actually enjoy it.
Tony: I promise. It’s going to be a long engagement anyway. I have to be able to get my fiancé in the country first.
Me: It’s not a done thing. I would have to get through a confirmation hearing after Rice goes through hers. Although, as you mentioned earlier, she is one of Ellis’s most trusted advisors.
Note: Freaking Cool is a US-based fanfiction archive. Stony is the most popular Avenger ship followed by Widow Quake. 52.1% of the stories are rated M or higher.
Anthony: We are both at the State Department way too much. Also there’s Rock Salt with the fried pickles. I have to find them when I’m in DC again next week.
D FitzSimmons: That's good to know. That's earlier than they had my mom, so I guess this will make this baby my aunt or uncle, sort of. Although they'd probably got married sooner in this timeline.
Tony: And you got married just to keep two kids out of the inhuman Interment camps without coming to me for help. And I would’ve helped you. Even if I was still furious at you, I would help you protect those kids.
Venom: Did you know that last year’s wedding location is a secret Shield/ATCU/Avenger base with like 100 floors underground?
Anthony love: I’m not surprised. I’ll have Mace and Burroughs work on the cover-up press guidance. According to the Fitzsimmons grandchild, she was Hydra. A Hydra operative that wanted to prevent Thanos from destroying the world, but still Hydra.
Me: I feel like controlling the weather thing might be more myth than truth. Why does a hurricane cause 2% of the population of Puerto Rico to get superpowers?
Anthony: Or maybe you're better at letting go of the past then you think you are. Things change, even interpretations of classic characters. It's necessary to adapt to contemporary society.
So I ended up black and blue in Siberia because I had to be violently restrained from trying to kill someone. It's OK because a couple of months later Steve had to be chemically restrained from walking into a trap and getting killed or kidnapped by Ross. And no, he did not leave me there that day. He was there watching to make sure I got necessary medical treatment.
“After watching what happened to Aunt Peggy, I definitely want to keep my mind.” Getting mistaken for Howard multiple times was painful.
“Well, as you were talking to your daughter, I found the churro lady. Check the bag under your seat.” Tony instructed.
Tony: And therefore, get around the rules that I’ve put in place to keep us from becoming war profiteers again. They would also be a useful tool for law enforcement, to cut down on innocent people getting killed. That's really what I want.
Tony: Okay, now I’m seriously regretting suggesting you go into therapy. I probably will write to Laura during my meeting with various French officials. I kind of would like her perspective on the Spidey thing before I have Monkey Lover take the suit out of lockup and delivered to Queens. Do you think she’ll actually answer back? I don’t think the ‘I’m so happy your back’ sex will take this long.
PS: You need to decide how you’re going to tell the board that you’re actually an Avenger and Widow with science skills. We're probably not going to be able to keep that a secret during active apocalypse mode.
Me: Damn right. The darts barely worked on Liberty. They just stopped him long enough for him to start thinking like the great military strategist he is, instead of a panicky boyfriend.
Counselor Laura: Friday, did Ana 2018 send you essential files regarding Hydra’s history from my timeline?
DILF: Is this like before when you tried to keep Ross away from us? I only know of everything you did to keep Ross away because May told me.
Captain tight pants: I know. I’m worried about you starving now. If you’re bipolar, why didn’t they diagnose you then?
Blue phone: Thank you for not going to the tabloids about it. I don’t mind if people know but I want it to be on my terms. Also, I don’t like tabloids.
Anthony: Again, the UN adores Nomad. It’s just the U.S. government that would really like Captain America back. Apparently, because they paid for your powers, they feel like they own you.
“I know that. But you know he wouldn’t want that. He’s probably yelling that at you right now, but you can’t hear him. You don’t have to make that sacrifice. I’m here for a reason. To fix things and I have a plan to fix this,” That’s when Leo pointed to the Princess standing behind him.
Counselor Laura: Every time they got close, there would be another attempt that would slow them down. Unfortunately, one of these attempts resulted in your Aunt Ana being collateral damage. Because of that, your father decided to send you off to boarding school.
Me: Yes, I know how to make a compass but this is probably not the time to have me around a lot of wine corks.
HSBF: I’m not even surprised. Also, aren’t your stocks back at the same price they were before Thanksgiving already?
Since it’s been a month and a half, I will now state that the biggest difference in this universe compared to the actual timeline are Tony is sober and in treatment for his various problems, Pepper let things go for good, and the role of happy Hogan and peters superhero life will be played by Laura and various other SHIELD agents. Most of the things in Spider-man: Homecoming are the same but Tony’s different and we are going to see how that changes things for good or ill.
Thank you to everyone who read or reviewed the last chapter. It’s time for another interlude with Friday.
Tony Potts: Although Capt. Tight Pants did have a brilliant idea. When we miraculously manage to drop you off, we also pick up the stone that your team already managed to get out of Vision's head.
Tony: But I’m not going to think about that because I rented out an entire videogame place for the evening so Spidey Senior won’t have time to remember that his Uncle was murdered in front of him this time last year.
DILF: I already asked you for help, and you said no. I don’t want you to think I only come to you when I need your help because I don’t want you to think that. I don’t want you to think I’m losing you.
TMNS: Why do adults always say things are complicated when they don’t want to provide a straight answer?
Thanks to the unexpected break the moratorium on discussing infinity war is over and it’s totally okay to talk about the season finale of agents of shield. Chapters are coming back from proofreading, so updates will be a little more regular.
Red phone: In DC, Pepper is not there to remind me that we're just business partners now. I’m not sure if the new paint is really going to help
Me: Your mom got out of an abusive situation at a time when there were no safety nets. The least I can do is help others have a net.
“Actually my physical body was created by the Princess.” Which explains why she almost looks like the Princess’s younger sister, except a little lighter. “I am here to assist Shield of my own choice.”
Thank you for getting the people who hurt Tony. I felt better knowing that you were out there keeping him safe.
“I know you’re not from this reality. I could send you back to your original timeline. It still exists. Your actions just created a new timeline.” Leo thought of waking up this morning to Hunter’s kisses and knew the answer already.
Me: Did Friday tell you where I am or did I end up on Twitter? The baseball cap doesn’t work like it used to.
Red phone: Then the Watchdogs, a.k.a. that group that tossed red paint on you last summer because you’re an ‘abomination’, blew up a federal building with my father’s tech that even he thought was too dangerous.
Me: Yes, he just left for dinner with Colonel Rhodes. They’re celebrating his appointment to the head of an agency that technically will not exist again until October or November of this year.
“Five, but let’s just do three.” Because Tony is worried about Steve being able to name five positive qualities about him.
But as I said last time, the story is not over yet. We have a lot to go before we sleep or face purple aliens.
Anthony love: BTW I have agents searching her home right now. I never trusted her. We're aware the president’s choices in political appointments are shit outside of Platypus and his big boss.
Purple Princess: Ana just confirmed it was a combination of voice recognition typo and Stark watch sensitivity. Although she let it go through because she was mad at him. I’ll figure that out later. When we’re not in the middle of multiple crises.
Tony: I could see the advantage of a superhero/super agent rehab center. We don’t have just Simmons; we also have Thor. I think I still have that property. Or maybe I transferred it to Pepper after Morgan was born. I don’t remember right now.
Venom: Which truth was my robot friend referring to? The fact that I was rejected last year by the same guy twice on the same day or that my only friend is a robot.
“It's very hard to keep things from your life partner. I feel like it would be doubly so when your life partner is a spy.” Tony remarked.
Anthony: Yes because their attackers were pushed across the street by what one witness referred to as “earthquake powers” before they could do any real damage. Now they are in Shield protective custody.
“That would not be surprising. So let's do this differently. Tell me things about you that I don't know.” Because Tony has a feeling, Steve isn’t who he thought he was.
Me: I’m also okay with kissing it out. I would also suggest fucking it out, but that would probably end in bloodshed. I’m old enough to know sex doesn’t solve anything. Actually, it creates new problems and I usually end up in tears or me on a course of antibiotics. Don’t worry, I’ve been clean for years.
Blue phone: You don’t have to answer this question if you don’t want to, but do you still have a crush on me?
Tony: Senator Hateful’s Chief of Staff gave me a copy, in front of a camera crew. I am like this close to running against Nadeer and 2018.
But she didn't pull the trigger. She told me afterwards that if she did she would be no better than the one who ended her cousin’s life. He wouldn't want that of her.
Thank you to everyone who read or reviewed the last chapter. You’re great and keep me motivated. If you just didn’t expect me to upload another chapter Tuesday, you missed out on seeing some excerpts from Steve’s sketchpad related to the last conversation. Please go check it out and give our wonderful artists Misaky0 some love.
Tony: Actually, I feel like Deke would like for you to text him some work stuff. Friday could send it to him. Although with the way the time windows works, it's actually better on our side. We have like two more days before we're going to be able to connect again. However, only a few hours have passed on their side.
I’m so glad the meeting switch to Tuesday. I would love it if you could come up Monday, so we can strategize. They’re probably going to try to lock me out because of the wedding rumors. I hate the board so much.
Me: Those are people who have obviously never had to make a bag of beans and half a loaf of stale bread last two days in the shivering cold.
“I’m not surprised. Why are they not together yet? There was a betting pool going at Shield on when those two idiots would get together before he ‘died’.”
Me: Of course, Stark was texting you during the middle of this. I’m not surprised. Maybe that’s why he ate something that caused him to lose consciousness.
You should come. Mary says your schedule is free. I think it would be good for you. And she is also trying to get the board meeting changed to Monday or Tuesday so I sure Mary and Kevin together will get it done. You’ll be in York anyway, so come.
While they were in New York a few days ago, Shuri picked up on the fact that he was hallucinating his evil counterpart and decided that he needed help. This led to both he and his other self being locked in this room for the last two days subject to a full mental health screening among other test.
Me: Shield assets/agents assigned to the Avengers Initiative like Tony's new friend Yo-Yo are not under the Accords or at least not to the same extent. It would be dangerous to have an exact GPS location of a Shield specialist in the database. It could put their whole family in danger and even the most pragmatic in the UN don’t want the blood of innocent civilians on their hands.
Me: I had to take the suit away. Even with Laura’s supervision as well as Melinda and Yo-Yo helping him get used to his powers, it’s not working. He’s going to get himself killed or someone else killed and I’m not going to be here in a few days to save him. My hands are already so bloody.
Steve: I wouldn’t go that far yet. We did some icebreaker game from the New York Times. 36 questions that lead to love. They’re ridiculous. But apparently, it’s how our other selves worked through their problems.
Honestly, Virginia has been a bit of a wreck these last few days. You know that she spent the night outside your hospital room. I literally had to drag her back to the hotel. Of course, that was before your assistant moved her into the Tower for security reasons. I like Ms. Rodriguez. I almost want to take her for my company.
That’s when she types out a text for Tony to delete their conversation. She doesn’t want them to know she’s talking to Tony because the team might put a stop to that, and she feels like he might tell her the truth of how they lost to Thanos eventually.
Counselor Laura: Actually, you should write those down now, and then Friday can push them through when the window opens.
I’ll try to come over soon, maybe the Saturday after Labor Day. I’m sure you’re going to need someone to commiserate with about the first few days of school. If you need me before then, Friday can get in touch. I’m working on a new AI for you. Also, please try to stay off YouTube or else Laura is going to go ‘full parent who works as a ninja spy’ on you. You do not want to deal with the Laura grounding.
Captain Tight Pants: If you knew that it wasn’t an accident, you probably would have done something stupid that would have resulted in you getting killed.
Friday 2023: I apologize, but I did not know you would discuss such a sensitive subject. However, I did not show him the detailed file regarding Ana Jarvis's death despite his multiple requests. However, he would like to speak with you in his lab right away.
Red phone: Honestly, I prefer being at the DC house right now, despite the close proximity to politicians that hate me.
Me: Yes. Here’s hoping I find an assistant who is not an ax murderer or super villain. Also someone not willing to kill me via foods I’m allergic to would be great. Is that so much to ask for?
"Saying goodbye to Andrew when I would leave for a mission was always the hardest part." Melinda confessed.
The Big Boss: Among other things. They're happy that you did it on a Saturday, but they're worried about what the stocks will do come Monday. I think they’re hoping for something big to happen in the interim, that will make people forget about it.
Now I’m just trying to prove to myself and Tony that I really do deserve Tony because I know he trusts me and loves me despite what happened. However I feel that maybe I need to earn it, truly earn it. So I'm trying and I'll do my best to be the person that Tony needs.
“It’s weird how the best thing in your life can be connected to the worst thing.” He could hear what Tony was really saying. If they didn’t lose, he would never have had Morgan. That was a heavy thought.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation. You are all wonderful. We are still in the "bad choices were made" timeline. We are going to be here for at least another chapter after this one.
Tony: Well, Thor probably could, but he doesn't call, and he doesn't write. Plus, we are at least a year out from finalizing our new longer-range communicators. Also, according to Monkey Lover 2, he doesn’t show back up on earth until the day Leo got bounced to our timeline. That is nearly 16 months down the road.
Anthony: Our breakup wasn’t the best. At one point, she accused me of preferring to spend time with you than her. Okay, she accused me of sleeping with you which I totally denied because I wasn’t sleeping with you. She played an audio file of me calling your name in bed. Apparently, my heart was already cheating. That was the beginning of the end. It just went downhill from there and it couldn’t be fixed. No matter what I tried.
Tony: Sometimes your innocence is adorable and other times it worries me. I knew you were frozen during the Clarence Thomas fiasco but this type of thing gets overlooked a lot. Men behaving badly. The Playboy thing is apparently endearing to most. Also, xenophobia seems to be all the rage right now.
Monkey lover 2: That was going to happen anyway now that Director Rhodes knew there were two of us. It's better that we're not in the same place or on the same team. Apparently, the training I received while in the Framework makes me better suited for the Avengers. And I’m bringing you along.
I really hope you don't die. They're speculating on the news that you were targeted because you hang out with people like me and that you're trying to protect us. I hope they’re lying, but I am terrified to think that they're not. I don’t want you in danger because of me. That’s why I’m not telling Aunt May the truth, other than her constant panic. I think it’s safer if people don’t know.
Me: Really, I’ve been looking for forever to use that song for an entrance like this. Besides, I have already answered half of their questions about the “Avengers’ Civil War”. I have to do some interviews momentarily, so we’ll just have to see if it does work.
Me: So, obviously, I should’ve started asking you questions about your possible new assistant? Move us on to safer ground?
Monkey lover 2: LA just went out. They said they will take out power in the next city in 30 minutes, if their demands are not met instead of an hour like last time. The watchdogs tried to attack Yo-Yo on a date. They are now in custody. But there has to be similar attacks happening throughout the world.
Counselor Laura: I don't believe you. If you're anything like my Friday, you're good at meddling in interpersonal relationships. It hasn't got better since she became an LMD. I'm sure she's currently conspiring to get Flash, MJ, and Peter in a poly relationship.
Also, I did the rewrites of this chapter the day after watching episode four of Falcon and the winter soldier. I kept thinking Steve’s privates accidentally ending up on Instagram would not be the worst potential Captain America PR incident. Definitely better than what John Walker did.
Tony: Which apparently is for the best. I get why this is hard. It can’t be easy to tell your BFF that you’re now dating the guy who tried to kill him a little under five months ago. I wonder if anybody makes an “I’m sorry I took my anger out on you for doing something that you had no control over” bouquet or apology gift basket.
"That’s what I thought. Actually, I wanted to talk to you for a few minutes." Melinda said gravely. That’s not good.
This begins the return of the unsent messages. And unlike in the "Tony and Steve had their ship together" timeline, this Friday isn't in Emma mode. So, she's probably not going to employ loophole abuse to send them anyway. That was probably totally Leo’s fault.
Chief Mechanic: Honestly, either. I don’t think she cared which. The other Avengers were trying to get the stones, and she turned it into a mission to get Fitz back. At least that’s what Deke told Ana. He’s not exactly happy with his Nana.
Me: I give it a month. Friday came up with the name. It really is the best way to rebrand. I’m sure somebody is redesigning the logo as we speak.
Anthony: I am being respectful. I’m not wearing red even though it’s my signature color, my head is covered, and I’m not wearing shoes. Davis was really not happy about losing the shoes.
“Do you think we’re doing this for humanity or for the people that we love? Because it’s going to be chaos when we bring everybody back at the same time.” Steve pointed out.
Me: I trust his staff who actually care and want to do good things for the world, who see the big picture when we can’t or are too blinded by our own personal bias to see it.
Me: You said it yourself. That was an accident. I thought that happened because the watchdogs bombed a safe house, killing two recently identified Inhumans. Also, it was a tiny bridge and nobody got hurt, unlike with what the Watchdogs did.
Anthony: Or maybe I should have Happy do it because that will make him happy until he finds out we just want to be friends again and only friends.
Monkey lover 2: He brought Stark into his confidence not me, although that might be because Stark doesn’t want me to be brought in. For someone that’s never had kids, he easily falls into the mentor and protector role.
Tony: OK those are all things on my list. Although, I’ve made peace with boarding school. But I think I would’ve liked to have been told why I was sent to boarding school instead of the lies.
Me: Lily ran up to me and held on to my pant leg as they actually dragged me away. She was screaming the entire time. Corey may have kicked one of the officers in the genitals.
Me: The fact that I’m on the list says that all on its own. I’m pretty much on probation due to creating murder bots. I’m probably only on the list as a legacy or as a means to manipulate me into making weapons again.
Red phone: Laura is an only child and Clint's brother is a psychotic piece of shit that shouldn't be allowed to take care of a hamster, let alone human children. With you and Natasha MIA, Coulson legally dead, and Maria god knows where with Fury, I have managed to go to the top of the list which says many things considering I'm the reason why Clint is in hiding.
Me: Not necessarily bad, just trying to figure out where to start. And sometimes that’s half of the battle.
Football Hunter: I know. I feel like maybe I should pop off to your office to cheer you up. I’m kind of looking forward to fucking you on your desk. See, that’s another reason why you have to leave Shield. I can’t be with you there. But at SI, I can make out with you in the lobby.
Red phone: I’m being watched too closely right now. I’m not going to risk leading them right to you when you’re not healthy enough to fight back despite the fact I want to kiss all your boo-boos. I want to touch every single inch of you to prove to myself that you’re still here and with me.
Thank you to everybody who read or left kudos for the last conversation. You are the best. I truly enjoy your feedback. I realize we haven’t heard from Ned in the story so far, and we’re up to conversation 35. For those of you who skipped over text messages from the Edge of high school, Ned passed out at the Fitzsimmons wedding, and his mom blames Tony. He’s banned from hanging out with Peter and Afia on the weeks he lives with his mom. His father thinks his ex-wife is overreacting, but the custody arrangement is complicated—divorce sucks.
Me: I think the obvious answer to that is yes. I think the more important question is do you make him a full-fledged team member?
Anthony love: We get there in 5, which will give me time to prepare for Natasha giving me a matching black eye. I wonder if Fitz finished the dermal regenerator. Lily bear has excellent aim for an adolescent.
“Okay I’m sorry for asking Friday not to pass any messages to us,” Steve said looking up from his own phone. Apparently, he must’ve got similar messages. “The power went off in DC about a minute after I asked Friday to do that.”
Me: Because they’re children. They bounce back after anything. Where are my kids right now? I know they’re not at the tower through various tabloid reports. Apparently Stark broke up with my wife after his near-death experience for you.
Tony Potts: Who is a drunk mess on a good day. The breathalyzer protocol isn’t helping things. She’s just staying in her room now to drink.
The movie is 99% cannon compliant for this story. Seriously, I don’t know how this keeps happening. I keep thinking the new stuff will completely invalidate what I’m doing. Yet, it keeps working (although, I did have to change one thing in this conversation to reflect the tweaked timeline). Please read the continuity note below for specifics on where the movie falls in the timeline of this story. I’m vague, but it’s a little spoiler-ish for Black Panther, so only read if you’ve already seen the movie. However, you can safely read the upcoming chapters without being spoiled.
Happy Bear: I didn’t expect you to respond before morning. Also I don’t need details. I’m definitely switching hotels tomorrow.
Blue phone: The suit worked fine as is. You don’t need to lock yourself in the lab for a week just to make me new gear.
Why did Tony feel like Steve wasn’t saying something? Like maybe Steve already met that person he was in love with. And maybe, just maybe, if there are some universal constants, Tony could be that person. Oh great, now Friday’s playing the Backstreet Boys song Chances. (Every member but Brian survived the snap because it really was that random.) Friday really has it out for him. If she starts playing Siberia, he’s donating her to the nearest community college.
“I’m not sure how to help you because I really was never in the closet because of that Tony Stark Gay sex tape, regardless of what the media believes.”
So this weekend, I am finally back to working on this story again. I wanted to wait until after Black widow and Loki to work on the next batch of chapters since it would be an influencer. But then it took me a few weeks to get to a spot in my Star Trek story where I could stop. Don’t worry we have five more chapters in the can. However, reviews make me write faster. If I can get a decent amount of chapters built up again, I could go back to weekly updates. Or, at a minimum, I have time to do some more Loki one-shots.
Me: It’s late where you are. Do you want to try going through some of the questions tonight or are you too tired to do that?
After watching the trailer for Endgame yesterday, I really hope Leo will be successful. We shall see.
Chief Mechanic: Of course, she did. I suggest telling her to reschedule it until after the Apocalypse.
Tony Potts: Is that why you haven’t texted me in like 15 minutes. I might have to talk to Steve again.
Okay, not that happy of a multi-verse family because, contrary to what Nana says, Bobo is a dick. He didn't finish his conversation with Ana because instead of asking what he was working on. Bobo ripped the phone out of his hands and started berating him. Deke responded by punching him.
“Apparently, the Princess's team managed to create antidepressants for me. He’s been on them for almost 2 years.” Steve wonders if his other self is as big of a mess as he is. Because he is a mess.
Tony: I give this morning’s wake up a 12 out of 10. Thor bless the fact that you don’t really need to breathe that much. The lack of gag reflex is also a plus.
Sorry I can’t tell you where I am exactly because of what happened in Mumbai. Although I will say I’m somewhere that I actually own. So if things go badly, at least we won’t have to give a quarter million dollar tip. I thought it would be good to lay low for a couple of days after Mumbai. Piper is with us. Although Davis left for a special assignment. I’m really tired of people trying to kill me when I’m working. But hey at least sunflower oil was not involved this time. Hey did you know that some haircare products have sunflower oil. I found that out the hard way recently.
He breathes out a sigh of relief. “Stay on the line?” he asks, begs. “Please?” He’s proud that his voice doesn’t even crack.
If he were to choose the lesser of two evils though, Steve hopes his soulmate is a female. He prays each night that the person who shares his Mark will be a woman for their safety, regardless of what that future may bring.
“Steve is that you, are you alright?” He hears Peggy’s dulcet voice interrupting Morita mid-sentence.
“So?” Rhodey finally asks, after a bit of silence has passed. Tony chews on his bottom lip, his hand travelling to cover his wrist, the black bracelet feels rough against his fingertips.
“So you and Carter, huh?” Bucky had asked, giving him a teasing smile before taking a sip from the silver flask of whiskey he’d borrowed from Dum Dum. Ever since that night at the bar, when Peggy had approached Steve and given
Howard stares at him, jaw open slightly in surprise. Anthony stares back, determined not to blink first.
want you to die now,” Steve ordered, his voice brooking no argument while inside he was panicking at Johnson’s lax expression. “Don’t you
“I’m…” He gulped, his throat working with the effort to form words. “I’m queer, Buck,” he said at last, closing his eyes and letting the words go, and with them the heavy burden of holding them in. “I like men.”
almost leaves his lips before the words get stuck in his throat. He huffs out a frustrated breath, and shakes his head.
She helps him climb into bed, kisses him goodnight and he turns over onto his left side once she’s done. She leaves him alone with his bedroom door open a crack, a beam of light streaming into the room. He frowns down at the bedspread, blowing a raspberry before rolling over onto his back. He lifts his eyes to the ceiling, pouting a little at being made to go to bed. His eyes feel heavy again, so he turns over onto his right, stopping mid-turn when he catches sight of the toy on his bedside table.
Steve sits silently, turning Bucky’s last moments over again and again in his head; remembering the cold, and Bucky’s scream.
credit; he was capable of following through on giving Jarvis the modest funeral the old guy always wanted.
This had caught the doctor’s attention. “I see you have a Captain America doll there,” he said, pointing. Anthony nodded. “Do you like Captain America?”
“You both have soulmates!” Steve would shout. “What’s so wrong with waiting for them to come around?”
“Mr. Stark?” the doctor asks, and Tony’s eyes snap to meet hers. Her silver clipboard’s lowered, revealing her face. Her forehead is pinched in concern, and her almond-shaped eyes flit over him, like she’s trying to spot anything else that might be wrong with him. “Are you alright?”
Steve sits and observes everyone at the table in the War Room as they talk about what’s to come: Philips informing the team what was told to him by Zola, and Howard reiterating the gravitation of how serious their mission is with science and facts. The Commandos ask questions, but Steve is silent as he listens.
Anthony: That’s blasphemy. A part of me is hoping that Natasha will show up just to choke them with her thighs on screen.
“Although they are not biologically my children, I feel that way about Robin and Kamala. I love them so much.” Steve confessed.
Tony: Not quite, but the power discrepancy is less than last time. Ross is still Secretary of State but Talbot is in charge of his own agency.
Purple Arrow: Good to know in case that happens. Since Hydra is dead now, I am more concerned about Lily drawing you in my place in our happy family picture.
Anthony: Ridiculously nasty emails or letters from the Board of Directors, competitors, and every day, angry people on the street go straight to the FBI, especially if they do describe in detail how they want to kill me. Want to be super villains with crazy tech are forwarded to Shield under auspices of the UN. At least now that my BFF is in charge and there is a Shield again.
TMNS: Flash passed out because he now knows my secret identity and that Afia is an LMD. He found out about that because she kind of passed out. Although Karen referred to it as data overload.
Agent L. Barton: Do you think if I approach her with a job offer to work with the Avengers, she would agree to it?
“Happy doesn’t hate you,” Afia tells him. “He just gets a little jealous of anybody else that has dad’s attention. He was dad’s second friend ever, so he has trouble playing with others. He is my dad's Ned."
“That would be useful because I have some questions about your notes. However, there are some other things we need clarification on.” Shuri said before turning things over to Afia.
“Yes. Actually, it’s worse with him since he managed to get himself killed once.” Tony doesn’t even want to think of that happening to Steve.
This is almost an easy question, compared to everything else. If it wasn’t for love I don’t think I would be where I am right now. I don’t know if I would’ve survived this new time without people that love me. At the same time, my love for the people I knew before kept me holding on to the past for a long time. Thankfully, you gave me a reason to let go and move forward.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation. You are all absolutely fabulous. You are probably expecting more in person conversations between Tony and Steve, but every time they are in a room together right now, there hasn’t been a lot of conversing. After four years, the sexual tension has to get out somehow. But it’s now Monday in Mumbai and Tony’s SI meetings give them the perfect time to actually have a conversation or two.
D Fitzsimmons: Alcoholic would be putting it nicely. Nana is not okay and hasn't been for well over five years.
Tony: Overall it was a really good visit despite feeling like most of my research is 10 years behind which pretty much means the royal super genius is 50 years ahead of everyone but me and probably Monkey Lover.
Me: And now that she's gone, you decided to use her grandniece as your emotional methadone for your Peggy Carter loving soul.
SimmonsJA: I may have been slightly enamored with you in college. It’s always difficult trying to get your PhD before you’re old enough to have a driver’s license. At least I had a role model in you. It doesn’t make what I’m saying any less valid. If things go well, you’ll be able to see each other more often and then by that point, you’ll be ready to cross the horizon.
Captain Tight Pants: You managed to distract me so much that I never thanked you for keeping Sharon from getting fired or arrested.
Me: I told her to tell you because I’m kind of a coward. If we waited on me to tell you, it would be another month before you knew the truth.
Anthony love: So, theoretically, the messages that I sent you several hours ago should have managed to make it to your location.
I think the tutor is the best option. I hate to take him out of regular school but last Monday scared me. A high percentage of people of Puerto Rican ancestry are developing powers. Ms. Rodriguez explained the reason why, so I understand. Maybe a part of me wonders that if I were to wake up with powers someday, would my husband stop loving me? Regardless, people of Puerto Rican ancestry are already getting increased harassment including my baby and they don’t even know the truth. I have to keep him away from that. I know I can’t keep him in bubble wrap forever, but I want to at least protect him for a little bit, especially with the rhetoric as bad as it is right now.
Counselor Laura from 2023: I don’t even know. Regardless, Tony was really, really apprehensive about helping with the great time heist, which is why Deke got involved. Anyway, Tony and Pepper never actually did get married. However, they both change their name to Potts-Stark so that Morgan will have her own legacy separate from the Stark name. Apparently, this Tony never dealt with his Howard issues. I'm using Dr. Potts to distinguish him from acting Director Stark-Rogers. It's less confusing this way.
Anthony: Sharon holds no hard feelings towards you for us getting together. Although she feels really stupid for hitting on a gay guy who probably used her great aunt as a beard. And yes, she really believes that you were using Aunt Peggy as a beard.
“That’s important too. Also, I’m definitely going to have to look at how the other timeline was able to get rid of the old Accords.”
So thank you for being there for my nephew even though I know you have other things to do. I wish you a safe and quick recovery for your sake as well as his. Anyway, I hope you enjoy these cookies. They’re store bought by the way, and I made sure they didn’t contain anything you’re allergic to. I wish you would’ve told me you had food allergies instead of just throwing away my cookies. I would understand.
Spoiler-ish Continuity Note:  For the sake of the story, the major events in Black Panther except for the last three scenes took place before this story began and occurred near simultaneously to the major events of episode 3.22 of Agents of Shield and Steve’s rescue at the Raft with everything wrapping up right before Tony and Steve start talking to each other again. The third to last scene a.k.a. the one right before the post-credits scene has taken place sometime during the course of the story before the events of Spider-Man: Homecoming started, sometime in August 2016. The two posts credit scenes have yet to occur, but will occur later on in this story. However, none of that will pop up for a few weeks.
