“And if they’re also wearing the gold champion bandana,” Jan adjusted the red, plain bandana he currently had on.
They stopped and moved away, finally listening. Finally leaving him and his mate alone. Then one of them shot him. One far to the left of him, hitting his exposed neck. He remembers it felt different this time. This shot didn’t bury itself within his skin like the others. This one stayed over the surface, sticking out innocently. He yanked it out in rage.
Tony gave himself another pinch, took a bite of his food and dared to take a peek to see if the Avengers were still there. They were. He also ended up looking at the exact moment the Captain decided to face his direction and their eyes locked, again. There was a lot of eye locking with this alpha, Tony found. He wondered if more was in his foreseeable future.
Tony allowed Loki’s words to sink in, hope slowly growing where it had no place to be. Could his explanation hold some truth? “I didn’t.”
Tony understood. They’ve been hiding things long enough and the Avengers have been nothing but understanding and caring and they accepted everything he and Bruce had said without question. It can’t go on. It shouldn’t go on. The pack had more than earned their trust.
Bruce being a larger than life omega was Tony’s best guess, but unless Bruce finally decided he trusted enough to show him his shift Tony was never going to know.
He clenched his hands. “Look, all I ask is not to mention it to anyone. Please, don’t say anything.”
If possible he turned pinker and whirled around to his pack in order to hiss something. One of the pack members, a female alpha with intense red hair, rolled her eyes and walked past the stuttering alpha. She marched right up to the two omegas, causing them to tense up. If she picked up on it she didn’t say anything. She simply put her hands on her hips and said “Our pack leader is interested in recruiting you. What do you say?”
The love and adoration that came from Ben’s smile was almost too much. It reminded him of Steve. “Thank you for delivering the message. She’s gotten stubborn about visiting this place, worried Scott might poke around and get hurt. Don’t blame her for it, but it does make me miss the moments she used to bring me baked goods. Gave me something to look forward to.” With that Ben put his gloves back on and grabbed the hammer on the anvil. “Best get back to work.”
Pulling the edges of the coat’s neck to cover the bottom half of Tony’s face he inhaled Steve’s smell and allowed it to engulf him. He sat down and curled himself over the blankets and coat and already he could feel the beginnings of an ache on his back. He hesitated shifting. The massive change in bone structure when going from human to wolf, or vice versa, meant that there was a huge possibility for his injured wrist to get further damaged during the process, and Tony would very much like to have his hand heal already.
He sunk excruciatingly slow, stopping every time the pain flared up with every beat of his heart. He wasn’t even halfway there yet. His fingers still felt a decent amount of space between himself and Steve and as he continued he could feel the girth of Steve’s dick forcing his walls to expand in a way that was never required for Hammer. Tony closed his eyes and pressed on. As the seconds ticked on he grew desperate. He wanted to sink down fully and start adjusting for the length and size and lessen the pain. And he wanted to give the pleasure Steve deserved, but he hesitated.
“Exactly,” Steve stopped rumbling but was still glaring. “That question was disrespectful, and if Tony had been Peggy you’d be on the ground right now. There’s teasing and then there’s being rude. You crossed the line, Buck.”
“I want Tony,” Steve reached a hand out, ready to touch Tony Stark’s face and was inches away before Peggy’s voice stopped him.
“You’re not old enough to break your hip from Vision bumping on it,” Bruce said. “You’ll still walk funny, but not because of a broken hip.”
Another sob and Tony lunged to bury his face in the fur of Steve’s neck, wrapping his shaking arms around the wolf in desperation.
Tony kept a watchful eye on Vision as he continued his game. Fear began building when the roly-poly machine crept closer and closer to the edge of the river with every turn he made around the open space. While Tony had made it so Vision’s body was durable and did his best to prevent water from seeping inside that didn’t mean he was invulnerable to deep waters. The moment Vision touched water he’d sink like a stone to the bottom and Tony would have to fish him out and start the long process of drying Vision and getting rid of water that managed to leak inside. All the while trying to soothe his fears away. One thing that Vision was terrified of was sinking to the bottom and permanently staying there in the dark of the waters and being forgotten. He’d rather not have that happening in front of the Avengers
Tony groaned, hoping it expressed everything he had felt and was currently feeling. His heart had calmed down and he felt loose and sated. He didn’t believe himself capable of moving even if he wanted to.
The little twinge of fear that appeared from the possibility that maybe Bruce had figured out his hidden skill made his heart stop for a second. The other omega couldn’t have realized it. Tony never gave any hints that he could manipulate runes, but what other potential could Bruce be talking about? Certainly not his skills in hunting, or his speed, or any form of fighting. Tony was uncoordinated when trying to punch and kick. At most, his only good skill was handling and using weapons, but he never showed Bruce or implied it.
The cold nose on his cheek and the accompanied whine nearly made him jump out of his skin, but when the blue of Steve’s eyes stared at him with concern and glistened with unshed tears Tony couldn’t stop the choked sob that escaped him.
Tony made a squeaky noise before putting pressure, pressing himself against Steve. Without thinking, Steve wrapped his arms around the small genius and lifted him up. All without ever stopping the kiss.
Tony did return. Every year when the workshop received Steve’s letter, Tony was there in a heartbeat. Every single year without question and hesitation. He made sure to give Steve the best friend he could ask for. Every year without fail, he waited excitedly for the letter, wanting to see his friend Steve.
He jumped when Loki appeared within sight. Having crossed a couple of feet within seconds and no sounds to show it. He was just as shocked as everyone else. “Am I losing hearing in my ears or has Anthony just stated what I believe he has stated?”
Except… when they eventually called it a night and returned back home with Rhodey, Pepper and Happy coming along Tony didn’t even get a chance to show them around without Steve hovering around him, growling softly each time Rhodey got close. Each growl made Tony hunch ever so slightly, both in fear of a fight breaking out and the knowledge that… his alpha growling at his best friend meant that his alpha didn’t want him talking or getting close to Rhodey. He got the message with Hammer always constantly telling him to drop every and all connection with his childhood friend. He knew what was going on.
Loki read over the letter, no doubt thinking of the similarities between this one and Tony’s previous. “What are you thinking?”
“Steve? Hey, Stevie, everything is all right. It’s me, Bucky. I’m here to help,” Winter soothes as he takes the lead, hands held up meaning no harm. He’s trying to get on-screen Steve’s attention focused on him, but fails as Steve’s eyes flicker to everyone in the room, growling and bearing his teeth. “The team is all here, too. We’ve come to bring you both home. We just need to get to Tony, Steve. He needs the hospital. You’re putting him in danger.”
Loki seemed to maneuver the direction Sam ran to with his body by leaning side to side and ended up making Sam run right onto the pile that Thor was holding down. The feline took most of the force from the blind tackle, but Tony still felt the added pressure of more weight. Then even more weight was added when Natasha decided getting Loki off of Sam was a lost cause and simply climbed the pile of canines, feline and serpent to sit on the top. Hank, thankfully, chose to remain on the ground and sat patiently, grinning at the sight of them.
He had to see what exactly he did, instead of letting his mind create the worst. Against his teammate’s advice, Fury’s recommendation and Tony’s pleading, Steve requests the video footage of SHIELD’s and the Avengers’ rescue. The footage of his confinement in the Hulk’s cell. Of everything they had available.
He was woken up the next morning by the sounds of Steve walking around their room. He was putting on the pieces of fitted armor for the journey. Tony remained still as he watched his alpha dress. The muscles bulging under the cloth as he fitted iron and hide over it. He tightened straps and belts to keep it in place, working with the weight and force to have proper protection. Tony noted was the same armor the alpha had worn the first time the Avengers had run into Tony and Bruce.
The praise sent a spark of pleasure down his spine, the approval filling his chest with joy. How long had it been since someone complimented him? The last time he remembered approval for something was when he made the gauntlets and presented them to Hammer and Stane and even then it was only a “Finally, I’m getting what I was promised.”
Tony walked with a bounce to his step, so much so that even Jarvis was springing up and down on his shoulder from his movement. In retaliation and annoyance Jarvis nipped his ear gently and Tony was mindful to control his steps after that. He was in such a good mood that it felt as if nothing could’ve ruined this moment, that was until an unsavory chill ran down his spine. He had passed May’s corner, unable to wave goodbye to her or Scott because they were away from sight, when an eery sense hit him. His instincts from before warning him of possible wrongs returned, but like before he found nothing amiss. He searched for the source long and hard, his senses on the verge of fear from the unknown.
One person with the gauntlets was dangerous already, but an entire army carrying his creation? Tony had personally seen what he’d been capable of using the gauntlets to fight for the Avengers. One wrong person could cause a catastrophe. A never-ending war between the innocent and the corrupt.
“Sir,” Jarvis interrupted, “I believe Vision is attempting to roll off the table and I feel I should warn you there are stones located where he wishes to land.”
The brunette went right for a hug. Steve eagerly reciprocated it, grinning from ear to ear. Then Tony’s heart stopped for just a second when the blonde shifter went, not only for a hug but also leaned up to give Steve a kiss on his cheek. Tony noticed it was awfully close to the corner of his lips.
He angled his hips for every thrust Steve gave. Moaned at the sound of soaked skin slapping against soaked skin. Allowed tears to trail down his cheeks from so much at once and cried out when Steve bit hard on the muscle of his shoulder just as his hips became erratic and gave one final harsh thrust in. Tony’s vision grew dark and the last thing he felt and heard from his mate was the knot forming and Steve growling with his teeth still snapped shut on Tony’s shoulder.
Chaos ensued as both he and Pepper began to struggle. He clawed and kicked at anyone who got too close. The sounds of the pistols prevented Hammer’s or Stane’s orders from being overheard. Panic began to rise as many of the betas realized what all the commotion would soon bring. In the confusion, Tony could see Pepper managing to dislodge her arm from her captors hold and pull down the cloth from her mouth and then nothing else. The arms around him pulled and pulled until he was back on the steps and eventually inside the carriage. Pepper did not follow. When the door was slammed closed Tony kicked and kicked at it. Desperately trying to break it. To get to Jarvis. To Pepper. To make sure they were safe.
The particular high and intense shade of green Loki was controlling was fitting. A black snake emitting the hue of grass and healthy leaves. It was almost ominous and added to Loki’s already indifferent personality, and now Tony didn’t know if he was going to survive spending the day with kind and welcoming Jan and offhanded and solemn Loki.
Tony smiled at the sight. Both happy for Steve and very much sad. Steve had grown to be just as important to Tony as Tony had grown to be for Steve. Unlike Steve, though, Tony was and had always meant to be temporary. He was, after all, only a gift from some mystical being of the north.
He knew he probably still didn’t have the right to just walk wherever he pleased, but curiosity was eating at him. He had no clear destination, not until he found himself gazing at two doors that had a green light shining through the edges. Clearly the doors connected the mansion to the tower and somehow he had managed to find it. He didn’t acknowledge what his subconscious was thinking but clearly his subconscious knew exactly where it wanted to go. He feared knocking at the door, not knowing if it was all right to disturb the serpent or if he was even welcomed in the tower, but after standing a good few seconds in front of it the choice was taken from him when the doors suddenly opened. He certainly jumped an inch in the air when it happened.
Tony was a deer who had just noticed the predator hunting it. He was frozen in his seat, growing nervous when the eyes of the brunette and blonde burning a hole in him. The intensity of their stares made him stand on shaky legs. It felt as if he was being judged, and he didn’t even know their names.
“Now that this has all been settled, shall we return, or do you still wish to continue consolidating Anthony’s worth?” Loki said dryly, appearing every bit annoyed as he was acting to be, but his eyes showed nothing of it. Tony was amazed with himself for being able to notice. It was a subtle difference, but Loki’s eyes weren’t as dark as they usually tended to be when bored with the pack’s antics. His eyes were brighter, more focused, keeping watch for any important detail to pass. “It has been a tiresome morning and I, for one, wish to return to my practice.”
“My childhood pack wasn’t made up of blacksmiths, more like it was led by one well-known blacksmith that made a fortune with it. I grew up with the title expected of me.”
The Howling Commandos joining in occasionally, and in turn, creating a scene, was also a big help. It spread the news across the land. Let the other blacksmiths know if ‘Iron Man’ requested use of their forge, they best allow the omega full use and not to mock him. Not that Tony took advantage of it. He always offered payment for use of their tools. Blacksmiths needed business, after all. He just wasn’t comfortable with anyone else handling his pack’s weapons and armor. He only trusted himself with their safety.
The coyote that had to be Sam joined in on the fun and started running after Clint and Vision. Thor joined soon after. The difference between the three shifters was so large that Tony was surprised they managed to run and roll around and playfully bite without accidentally hurting each other. Thor appeared alpha, meaning he was larger than the betas, even if he was a feline shifter. If anything, being a feline made him bigger than the canines by default, and Tony wouldn't be surprised if Thor turned out to be bigger than Steve. The lion was as big as life.
“We’re not going to punish him.” Both Steve and Bucky looked scandalized, but ultimately were ignored.
Tony nodded once. “I’ll be careful, Steve.” He didn’t add the ‘don’t worry’ part, considering his alpha would probably never stop worrying about him. An alpha’s instincts to always keep their mates safe made it near impossible. If luck was on his side Tony might be able to prove himself during the journey and in return possibly lessen that worry to mild natural concern.
His body had been craving that intimacy in the middle of his work, but the heat from the fire and his soreness prevented him from noticing. It wasn’t until the smell of his alpha hit him through the ash and the feel of a hand over his belly that he realized he was aroused. That hand went further south while the other one was placed on his chest and he moaned when it expertly rubbed both places.
One final attempt and Tony gave up, turning around to look for the one person who was capable of nearly moving everything. James Rhodes stood with his arms crossed behind him, a smirk on his face from watching him struggle with the stone.
“Not sure that makes me feel better, but I’m glad you both managed to join in even without the running.”
“I believe so, but I am no expert. Magic is where my specialty lies, and your magic has played a role in your past. I know not of the effects your malnourishment and mental state has caused. I taste the fertility and sense no abnormalities, should you wish for a young, but keep in mind this is your first cycle in a decade. A young might not be conceived upon the first try.”
Unused to it Tony was unable to keep contact with Steve as he stared at him in amazement. He turned his gaze down to Vision and muttered a “Thank you.”
Nearly purring from getting partially groomed, Tony was sure if he had been shifted his tail would’ve been wagging. And in a daring moment with high spirits and trust for the alpha Tony felt his bones begin to change. The hands gripping fur soon became paws and his legs were bent inwards as his limbs shortened. Smells became heightened and distinguished and sounds became louder.
Tony did. He followed his instincts blindly, thrusting clumsily and doing what he could to mimic what he recalled his mate would always do. He didn’t know if he was even doing the simple act of rutting right, and the feeling of shame at his performance was slowly creeping its way in, but Steve easily soothed those insecurities away by the sounds he released. Then, as if Steve had snapped and released the last bit of control he held onto, he took complete control and Tony’s actions became meaningless.
“Maybe.” Tony had his back to Bruce and so couldn’t see him, but from the sound of shuffling he figured the other omega had changed position. “But I’ll only need a few minutes, half an hour tops, to explain what a great omega you truly are and how blind you must be to not see it.”
I hope you guys don't mind if I take a quick pause from this so I can go and work on my Winter Soldier!Tony fic. It's overdue to be updated and I got the sudden urge to write more angst.
Steve cleared his throat, taking the attention from Clint. “Are you doing anything for the rest of the day?”
“If I were you, I wouldn’t raise my voice to me again. I’ve been patient so far, Tony. Your damn rat is the one who caused trouble, not me. I promised no harm. A quick death is kind of me. I would have tortured the rat. My leniency stops here. You will behave yourself or I will make sure you lose more than just that bird.”
He remembers thanking his best friend for stopping him. Remembers apologizing to both him and Sam for what he had done, and
He followed the general direction the smell came from, sniffing more than necessary and imagining the flavors that would sing on his tongue if he took a bite out of the source. His stomach was churning, outraged that it wasn’t already digesting the food.
Distracted by his kisses Tony never noticed the alpha sneaking his hands under his shirt and running them up to his chest until the dragging of the cloth tickling his skin made him jump. Tony instantly stopped the traveling appendages from finishing their task. The last thing he wanted was for Steve to see his scarred chest, get disgusted and hault their coupling entirely.
Steve was breathing harshly. His breath right next to Tony’s ear. He was tense. Wound up tight. He appeared to be struggling for control. “I’m sorry… I didn’t - I promised not to hurt you, and I go and do exactly that.”
Above them all Jarvis was still in the air and he was squawking and screeching and crying, echoing his voice through the forest and asking for help. Vision was doing the same, growing louder and louder to the point of overpowering Jarvis and even hurting his attackers’ ears.
There were plenty of problems out on the roads and the dangers of raider packs for there to be a slow continuous quantity of contracts, enough for a war pack to have a decent home, but nothing like this. This building, this
Tony nodded, but he knew it wasn’t all. There was more. There was always more. “She didn’t look to have ended it.”
Steve grunted next to his ear with every push, never releasing his neck. His pace shifted back and forth from the slow angle that allowed him to feel it all to a quick burst of speed that nearly hit every nerve in sudden succession before going back steady. It was overwhelming no matter what the alpha did and Tony felt how his walls latched onto Steve every time he pulled out, wanting him to stay put.
“One could say that,” Loki said intrigued, “and one would wonder how? A curse, perhaps? Or a spell gone wrong?”
“Clint,” Steve hissed as he instinctively turned Tony when he felt Tony press himself against his chest in a belated attempt to hide. Tony himself felt mortification when he eventually realized Clint was smelling the aftermath of their coupling, the aftermath that came directly from
The Avengers have been one of the war packs to make the biggest dent against Hydra. Not enough to eradicate them, but just so for their names to be called upon when Hydra was involved.
“You could contribute a lot,” the alpha countered. “Jan and Hank didn’t know anything about fighting when they joined. In fact, Hank doesn’t care about fighting at all. He likes observing and studying instead, but he helps us a great deal. And Clint isn’t the greatest fighter. He prefers shooting from a distance but can throw a punch or two if he needs to. You don’t have to know how to fight to join,” Steve rambled. “It’s just, we’d really like to get to know you, Tony.”
“B-Bruce, Brucie, there’s a snake. There’s a giant snake,” Tony pawed at Bruce blindly as he backed away. His heart stopped for a second when he felt Jarvis curl up and hide behind his neck.
“I can’t give him a family,” he covered his eyes, “he’s given me so much, cares for me, loves me, and yet I can’t give him what he wants.”
A set of stone stairs were found just around the corner from the entrance. Hammer took him straight there and down. It was dark, damp and cold. Tony couldn’t see his hand in front of his face, it was so dark. He only had Hammer’s grip on his neck to guide him. He almost tripped on his own feet when he touched leveled ground again. Hammer stopped him there.
With practice they could probably double it, but the point of this little scavenger hunt was to find a cure and never having to worry about it.
He filled the bucket again and threw the water on himself, scrubbing furiously as if he could somehow wash away what he had just done. Clean, he had to somehow get clean. He could never be clean again, but he had to
All around him movement started to happen. Those who had been asleep prior were starting to slowly rouse and stretch. Thor being the one to stretch out and push some of the closest pack-mates over. Loki ended up sliding off of him from the movement and hissed in annoyance.
“I’ll say. Quick, you cover the north trees and I’ll cover the south. Loki can take the sides. We’re going to make sure they don't leave.”
Tony nearly swallowed his tongue at the sight. It was one thing to see Clint and Thor display themselves. It was another to see Steve, the Captain, the one Tony had gotten the beginnings of a flame started for, parading in front of him. It was a cruel little tease. Tony was able to see and imagine with pathetic longing, but he wasn’t able to touch because reality was a huge barrier in his way. Then the shirt was gone, revealing all the muscle glory, and Steve had his thumbs inside the edges of his pants and was seconds away from taking them off. In confused panic Tony tore his eyes away. His gaze might have been unwanted attention on Steve’s part and the last thing Tony wanted was forcing his stare on someone who didn’t want it from him.
Hammer always knew how to make him feel horrible with just words. Taking action had only ever occurred when Hammer was truly aggravated. Often encouraged by Stane, too.
“I did,” Tony reassured. “I love creating and handling steel. I could spend hours just working on it.”
Now his fur was a disarray and jumbled, faded mess of dark brown that no high end shifter would look twice at. It was a wonder how Hammer had managed to put up with Tony’s least presentable appearance in these last few years. Any omega, or even beta, Hammer had used, from Tony’s knowledge, he would throw away like a sack of useless potatoes the moment he grew bored of them. But not Tony. Never Tony. Hammer was adamant on keeping Tony, no matter what.
“I figured what you’re about to see will make up for it. This is a very delicate situation that we don’t want spreading around. At least not yet.”
“Get your weapons ready,” Clint advised from the top of a tree her perched himself on. “They're about to move and we have five coming our way from the right.”
The television has remained untouched. Steve’s own thoughts are his source of entertainment and the view of the window his source of fear. The innocent people walking by, the couples, the children, the families, that could so easily be disrupted and destroyed by his own two hands.
, as some bigots would often call them) centaur of their town. Tony had seen him a couple of times. He knew of Steve. Knew his name. Knew the wild centaur lived in the forest but would occasionally make a trip into town for one reason or another.
“Enjoy something you see?” The alpha had a smirk on. Chest out in a small show, preening from Tony watching him.
“So you’re the reason why Clint came back to us ready to hump the nearest tree,” Natasha said offhandedly from her spot squatting near Pepper. Her nose twitched in an obvious manner, and considering this was Natasha it was evident she wanted everyone to know what she meant by it.
“Jarvis?” he whispered, facing the roof of the shack and unable to see if the umbrella cockatoo was still awake or not.
Tony curled in on himself, trying to create a shield. For what little it did. He wrapped his arms around his stomach. He was limited now. He had to be careful. His only hope was either his pack finding him, or sacrificing what he had just learned of to live.
If Tony’s attention hadn't been caught by the shameless sight he would've thought long and hard about the implication of Steve making sure to mark him in more ways than just the physical. Of course this was also the moment his body gave a valiant twitch for round four and… he couldn't. For the first time he couldn't, not because it was unwanted, but because he had no energy left in him. And he was still hungry.
Instead Tony just huffed back and rested his head again, sighing and closing his eyes. He must have fallen asleep again because the next time he opened his eyes he felt groggy and grumpy and had this nagging sensation that he was forgetting something. His heart almost leaped out of his throat when he remembered the Avengers and Steve and the invitation. He sat straight up and looked around in a panic, ready to vault to his feet, but all he found for his mini heart attack was a still dark shack with a sleeping Bruce curled up next to him and Vision resting next to his hip. He nearly jumped out of his skin when Jarvis suddenly hopped onto his stomach, all puffed up with the yellow coloring showing under his wings and at the base of his tail feathers. The long white plumage on his head was standing up in anticipation.
“Loki!” Jan cried in outrage for him. At the same time, Rhodey growled and bared his teeth at the snake.
Tony wanted to complain at that, to ask why he stopped and just in general beg for him to continue what he was doing. He must have showed it all on his face because Steve chuckled breathlessly and gave his inner thighs kisses as if asking for forgiveness. He latched onto his left thigh with his lips and sucked, leaving behind a bruise. Then out of nowhere he bit down and made Tony hiss from both pain and pleasure. That was certainly a first.
He let out a long, withdrawn sigh. His snout was tucked over his front paws and his ears were low in the ground. Without his notice, his tail had curled between his legs. A visual show of just how remorseful he felt. The tingling of his abdomen caused by his heat a sensation long pushed in the back of his mind. It hardly held importance in the current scheme of things. He apparently hadn't known his body as well as he thought he had. Nothing more and nothing less.
A lake. Of course they had a lake somewhere, but that wasn’t important enough to keep his attention because… Steve had said ours. Granted he could’ve meant himself and the Avengers, but… he had gestured his hand to Tony and then himself, including Tony on the list of ‘our.’
“Done,” Loki huffed at the mundane task. “Anything else you wish of me, Captain? Perhaps polish your shield? Your boots?”
“And I’m sure if you sit down and speak about the issues as proper adults you will be able to find a solution together.” Jarvis held nothing back.
What would Steve, respectful and modest and a hero, think if he were to know of it? Would he run away? Turn around the moment he could and take back all the small courting gestures he had done? Refuse to take an omega that had been used, and in such a humiliating manner? Tony wouldn’t. The memory of those pasty and out of shape bastards staring at him, drinking in every detail, as if he was a slab of meat to sink their teeth into and envy because they’ll never have a taste.
So focused on trying to imagine ways to start on that he never noticed three figures stalking along behind him, getting closer and closer by the second. He didn't even hear anything until a very high pitched sound rang near his ear and sent him jumping up on his feet in fright. Vision, who didn't look any bit apologetic for what he had done, circled around and whistled in success.
Natasha cleared her throat very pointedly. The two betas continues to bicker, oblivious to the crowd around them. Everyone else turned their attention to her. She pulled her legs up on the couch, folding them in as she tucked herself against Bruce’s side. One could see the faintest hint of a blush on his face.
At least he would if it wasn't for this other shifter who was determined to stick to his two legs and never show the rest of the shack inhabitants his wolf. If Tony had thought he was unique for how long he remained on two legs, it was nothing compared to this lone shifter that had caught his eye. Tony had taken notice of him on the first day living in the shacks. He fidgeted and twitched and preferred solitude unlike the rest of the betas and omegas who were trying to get as much of a feeling of a pack as possible and befriended who they could. This shifter, this
. It was almost the exact spitting image on the papers he read of them once, minus Steve wearing his armor. He almost couldn’t believe it.
Could they ever look at him the same way again, after having seen him stare them down with pure malice and rage? With the face of a killer?
blaming you,” Jan repeated, grabbing a blueberry from one of the four bowls scattered on the table and throwing it at the snake. “Steve cares about you and if he smells you’re in discomfort, no matter how small, he will turn into this worried hen. And it happens willingly on his part. It doesn’t mean you’re an annoyance. We’ve got to let you know now, though, since he’s still getting used to your smell, any little change in it he’s going to go above and beyond to make you feel better. He might get clingy,” she finished with a warm smile.
Jarvis flapped his wings in place, causing some strands of Bruce's hair to jump back and forth. Vision made a long high note before rolling in a continuous circle over and over again, his version of dancing.
Tony understood that. He was figuring out the Avengers’ characteristics slowly, but they were still sights to see, especially when the entire pack joined in. Any teasing he was a part of in the past usually consisted of maybe two or three pack mates. Rhodey and Pepper for example and even Jarvis and Vision. But here, with the Avengers, it was literally everyone, including Loki with his own sense of dry humor, that joined in the fun.
“Can I just say,” Clint added, looking at Tony, “it’s about time. You can’t imagine how long we’ve had to put up with him.”
For now all Tony had was time. While his situation was far from ideal, his saving grace was the circumstance in which Hammer was acting out his plan. The carriage was both his shelter and his prison. Hammer couldn’t act so long as the carriage was still in motion. He couldn’t risk slowing it down for a second and he had to stay on top of the situation, lest a wrench get thrown in and ruin everything. He hardly gave Tony more than a glance. Even if the alpha felt safe by their distance and progress, safe wasn’t enough to stop the Avengers.
“Do you pleasure them all?” Hammer continued, “or are you reserved for their pack leader only? Did he promise you protection? To hold you every night and chase those bad dreams away?” His tone only grew crueler. “Did he promise himself to you and only you? Swore there will be no other but you? Promise what every alpha is willing to say to get a warm body for the night, and did you believe him?”
Eventually, they finished reuniting with Peggy and all herded each other over to their table again. Clint and Sam proudly introduced her to their mate, Rhodey while Natasha did the same with Bruce. Bucky stood preening the entire time everyone focused on Peggy.
Vision came rolling on the corner of their eyes and gave Rhodey a good, affectionate, repeating bump on the head accompanied by a high whistle that made them cringe and lower their ears. “When did you both get so damn rambunctious?” Rhodey said in-between Jarvis’ pecking and Vision’s bumping.
All as one they marched. Tony waved goodbye to Pepper and Happy the whole time they were within sight until the trees slowly obscured them. Even after he could no longer see them he couldn’t bring himself to look away from their direction until Rhodey came to his side and bumped his shoulder gently.
He both doesn’t remember and remembers too much about the events. He’s both thankful for not remembering his hand at ending the many lives of their captors, and horrified of what he’s capable of with no control over his body. Of what pure rage could do.
Thor marched them over to the table, placing him down next to Jan and sitting himself next to Loki. Tony shuffled awkwardly on his seat. What was he to say? What was he to
Tony wisely kept his mouth shut as he was led around the water and towards the opposite direction of his home. Pepper continued to struggle and attempted to call for help, but with the cloth wrapped around her mouth, she was left with only muffled sounds that could barely be heard beyond the trees.
“We’re not going to bury you, Tony,” Steve’s chest rose and sunk in quick succession from the alpha’s silent laughter.
“What’s this?” Jan said, “you two aren’t planning to escape our clutches, are you?” she sounded offended, but her smile said otherwise.
Used to his pack’s teasing but still flushing slightly from their words Tony was able to brush them aside in order to focus on the ones he was conscious about. Bruce gave him an encouraging nod upon their eyes making contact. “You’ll be the center of attention the moment you enter a room, no denying that.”
Sitting on Peter’s little seat was the harness meant for Tony. The basic breast collar, the girth and the reins themselves. Colored in the most beautiful mahogany that was going to complement Tony’s black coat that Tony’s own champion money paid for handsomely. The best for himself and for his boy.
If Rhodey or Bruce had been unaware as well they didn’t comment on it. Instead, Rhodey was fast to act as the beta’s ears and rushed to hit Hydra goons with the back of his rifle before they readied their aim while Tony and Bruce struck at any who were unlucky enough to run right into them.
As they got closer his excitement grew with every step. Eventually buildings began forming in the distance and Tony stared in awe at the sight that was the town of Hattan. Homes that were made of wood and stone followed the road, starting at the border of the town and increasing in numbers the further they went in. The buildings grew taller and closer, stacking upwards towards the center.
“Got you both,” Clint said and lifted his head up to howl his claim, letting the rest of their pack know he managed to get another under his paws.
His response was a very defiant beep from Vision as he rolled his body in a circle before releasing a high sound and speeding off after Clint, Sam, Thor, and the newly added pair to the game, Jan and Hank, who turned out to be dingoes, distinguishable by their fur color and their smell. One had a soft brown color in their fur while the other had a soft and dirty golden hue to it, matching the hair color that Jan and Hank had. Similarly Sam and Clint also had the same colored fur as their hair. Sam having the dark shade a few tones away from being completely ebony and Clint having a darker golden color compared to Hank’s, and even darker compared to Thor’s sunny yellow.
When the door shut after his departure Tony made sure to lock it and began stripping down. He folded his shirt and pants, gave himself a lookover when his scarred chest and bony hips were exposed and quickly got rid of the last article of clothing.
Tony frowned and thought about it. Now that Steve had mentioned it… on more than one occasion he had caught everyone appreciate how tight Thor’s pants looked on him. He had assumed it was to admire his thighs… but it was always from the front.
Ignoring the stinging sensation that burned up his legs Tony planted his feet under him and pushed himself up, remembering to snatch Vision on the way. The machine continued his make-shift sleep undisturbed.
He hadn’t dared bring up the truth yet. The fear returning and taking full force of him, turning him cowardly the moment Jan had left to join the others. The small hope of everything ending on a happy note that she had encouraged walked out along with her.
Tony continued gaping, eyes wide and cheeks flushing. The new position had him hugging the alpha in a more obvious manner and the warmth was practically draped over him like a blanket. It was the comfiest Tony had been in, and that was saying something considering he was lying on the ground. Then Vision had to release a whistle to inform him he was awake and found the arrangement interesting. Tony couldn’t see the little machine, but he could perfectly imagine the mechanized smirk. And then to add more salt to his situation he felt Jarvis hop over his stomach and nestle himself down. “I see you’re enjoying this fine morning, Sir.”
He twitched when he felt Jarvis peck  his cheek softly and whined when he did it again. The bird was relentless and showed no pity for him as he continued in a pattern. Vision decided to aid by gently rolling to bump against his side, lazily doing it over and over again until finally Tony gave in, gave a groan and got up.
A life of misery. Continued as if nothing had changed. As if Tony had not just lived the best months of his life under love and care.
“Probably not.” From where he landed Steve ended up with his face right over Tony’s chest. His ear right over his heart. He made a soft noise as he took a couple of seconds to just listen before he picked himself up and off. “Come on. Time to dress you for the trip.”
That was… if the news of a pup was something they would celebrate. His pack wasn’t malicious, but perhaps a newborn wasn’t something they had planned for or expected as of late.
That made Rhodey pause, apparently the answer he was looking for because he looked remorseful as he said, “Far too long.”
leave and now look at you. I have never seen you glow so much, Tones. Not this strong and not for this long, and after everything you’ve been through you
Bruce hummed, resting his head against the tree and closed his eyes. “I think… I’m going to tell Natasha about the other guy.”
“I didn't mean to, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, Tony, I didn't mean to scare you. I'm not mad, I'm not upset, not with you. I'm sorry.”
A gentle bump against his leg made him gaze down. Vision stared up at him with his bright, glowing, blue eyes. He whistled long and made his voice go from high to low in a playful manner. A flap of wings soon joined and Jarvis landed on his shoulder, his crest up and about in display before slowly retracting down again. The bright yellow in his feathers slowly disappeared as he settled.
They reached the door far too soon in Tony’s opinion, but the hope of a bed - or at least a very soft seat, or even a rug of sorts - overruled the disappointed feeling. The thought of a soft surface had his bones aching in relief. He couldn’t wait to actually experience it.
If Hank and Jan’s previous pack were traditionalists, they were not going to stand by and allow them to reside in peace. They would no doubt try and integrate themselves in the decision they had no right to.
She held out her hand. A small vial of clear liquid rested on her palm. “Take this. It’s something he cooked up for us. More effective than what you find selling in stalls or alchemy shops. Keeps our heats and ruts under control for a longer time than common remedies. Perfect for long travels, like this one we’re about to do.”
Thor grinned and took long strides to wrap his arm around Clint’s shoulders. “You are mistaken! Your mate does not surrender you to the canines, for Loki is of the serpent kind. Your mate is, in every sense of the saying, handing you to the snake. Be wary, Loki bites.”
“I don’t really see any of you needing a beta guard,” Happy gave everyone a glance to emphasize his point. “You can each probably take me down.”
“Listen to every order I say. Don’t throw yourself in danger and when I tell you, you run, understand?”
That still didn't stop Prior from going into a bit of a mini rage, all anger and frustration and the need for a fight without the loss of control. Tony didn't know if that last part made it better or worse.
On the end table next to the bed stood a bowl with different bottles of oil and rags. From the door, he could smell the lingering pheromones of the previous guest. The blanket smelled cleaner than the walls, letting him know at least the owner took importance to cleanse more than just the smells. Not ready to lay on the bed yet he made his way over to the corner of the room and curled up. He had a moment to breathe and calm down before his cycle took over. He planned to use every second of it.
Just something I'm thinking about and if you want to endulge me. Do you have a song that matches with Tony or his situation or even the Avengers for here? I'm thinking about a playlist, but I don't have many songs to go with this fic.
As they got closer they began hearing muffled voices that became clearer and clearer until they were able to distinguish Steve’s voice barking at someone and demanding answers.
Tony would have said more but something in the tone of Steve’s voice stopped him, made his words have more meaning and made his own heart flutter.
Tony found, during the days together with Bruce and building up an unspoken temporary pack bond, Bruce was the best omega friend he never knew he wanted. Bruce was a partner in science crime and a fellow omega who understood the situation they were currently in and the factors that weighed heavily against them. Tony was in his forties and Bruce was one year away from reaching them. They had salt in their hair, lines on their faces, the occasional bad back from sleeping on a hard surface, a past they were desperately trying to avoid (because Bruce was definitely trying to avoid ever bringing up his old pack) and they had a silent agreement they were not meant for the grounded family pack. They were not meant to have a mate to support them and their five pups and have grandparents to look out for and pack-mates to be the doting aunts and uncles and godparents.
He is captured, sedated and taken to parts unknown. Left tied up with no way of escaping his binds. Not with what they pump him with. Not when his binds are catered to him and only him. His kidnappers are prepared for a supersoldier. They have him immobile to the point where he can’t wiggle his fingers. Steve is stuck there, waiting to learn what his kidnappers want from him.
Tony chuckled, despite his throat stinging from the knowledge of Steve standing up for betas and omegas, standing up for those near the bottom, and getting emotional about it. “I take it Bucky wasn’t exactly happy with you fighting?”
With a longing sigh Steve closed the comic book in his hands and carefully held it. The comic was of Marvels and on the front page the image of Tony Stark stood proudly in a confident pose. Besides him stood James Rhodes and Virginia Potts in a similar pose. All three looking in various directions that Steve could imagine being a very dramatic movie poster. On their backs were the infamous wings that created their downfall.
“It’s beautiful, Jan,” he finally said, unable to think of something else. “It really is. The craftsmanship and style is unrivaled.”
Eventually Steve caught him looking and instead of appearing offended or annoyed he smiled good naturedly. “What? Do I have something on my face?”
A pause. “Yeah, I could. With the other guy it seems almost fitting that I belong with a war pack. At least this way if I ever lose control in the middle of civilians I’ll have a war pack nearby to stop me. If the famous Avengers can’t put him down, then who could?”
Now Tony was trying to keep up with Jarvis to start the knocking again, but there were too many trees creating zigzags in the path instead of a somewhat straight line. Tony had to slow down every few seconds in order to turn but at least the white cockatoo was easy to spy among the green leaves and shadows.
Tony eyed the inside of the building, taking in the details of the rotting wood and dead grass sprouting through the cracked floor and the light leaking in through the holes of the walls. “Almost feels like it’s meant to be.”
Tony dashed into the trees and, as if releasing a signal, everyone followed soon after. They separated, a pair running one direction while another ran the other. At one point Tony made a sharp turn, trying to use the roots of the trees as a means to trip his chaser, who was far closer than Tony had wanted him to be. Sure, Tony wasn’t exactly fit, or young, or just fast in general, but he had hoped perhaps the others would give him a chance to have a long run, or at least have an entire minute before he was caught. Let him have a bit of dignity instead of showing how unfit he truly was.
“Hey!” Tony cried out in insult while Rhodey, Jarvis and Vision seemed to quietly agree together on the statement.
“That’s enough,” ordered Steve, halting them all. “If he doesn’t want to share then he doesn’t have to.”
If he smelled as Jarvis described than the possibility of luring raiders and thieves and shifters with bad characters, in general, was very real and that posed a serious threat. Rhodey knew of this and yet hadn't forced Tony to get moving to return to their pack and to safety. Tony wondered if perhaps the pack was already in the area and were keeping an eye out for enemies while Rhodey calmed him down and gave him his talk. That would explain Rhodey’s relaxed demeanor.
He felt more than heard Steve’s satisfying growl vibrating down his nerves. Another nip, another lick and a finger barely caressing the skin and he was sent over the edge. His body moved as if made of gelatin, the anvil holding him entirely, Steve continued his attentions, licking him clean. He knew he didn’t need to worry about the mess.
It was said in a teasing manner, but it still resulted in Tony flushing, and it was still cheeky enough that Jarvis wasn’t going to let it go without action. The cockatoo shuffled over to the golden wolf’s head and yanked one of his ears.
Then, the alpha slowly pulled away. Tony couldn’t figure out the reason why. Bruce, Jan and Clint began making more appearances than Steve. In the mornings Steve still waited and greeted him. He still joined him on his trips to the smithy, but quickly disappeared when Tony and Ben started working. He reappeared again for the walk back home, bid his farewells, and again disappeared to who knows where and left him in the company of the omega and two betas.
Since Halloween is right around the corner I just wanna say be safe if you're gonna trick or treat. Them clowns worry me. Don't go alone, bring friends or family! And share you're candy with me.
from having sex with Steve was perhaps the most terrifying moment of his life. There was no way he could’ve said the truth with them listening.
He jumped when he heard the sound of steps coming down the stairs. Four of Hammer’s betas made their way over. In their arms were the materials their alpha leader had promised. Piles of steel and metal and a dozen, inexpensive gauntlets. One beta carried the tools. The two betas furthest back were dragging stone and wood.
Tony always saw these shacks during his travels with his ex-pack and he remembered always giving the shifters pitying looks. A shifter without a pack was hardly anything at all on their own. A pack was everything for them. A home, a status, wealth, a
“If I am?” The tone she carried - Tony couldn’t tell if it was her attempt at teasing and having a layer of seriousness under it, or if he just wasn’t used to her style of banter.
The only reason the alpha survived was because Steve’s attention moved from him to one of the other attackers who dared shift and growl and challenged Steve. As Steve turned to face his new target Tony caught the briefest glimpse of his eyes. The blue that Tony admired was gone, swallowed completely by the blood red that appeared on alphas in a rage.
reassuring if Tony were honest, that only a few number of shifters were able to work with runes. A certain magical quality was required in order for a shifter to manipulate the natural magic that rested in runes, and it just so happened that Tony had this magical quality. One that he tried his hardest to keep secret.
Tony ducked from two heads going for him, folding his wings in a freefall and causing the heads to collide against each other.
“Never?” Steve tilted his head sideways and began doing the most curious thing. The alpha continued preparing himself while holding a conversation with him. “You never imagined? Not even a curious trail of thought?”
“You will see soon enough. We will reach the pit in a matter of minutes. If you wish to make an impression I suggest preparing now.”
“I’ll die trying if I have to,” Steve growled, “and if death somehow wins then Rhodey will take over. Then the others. Jan, Bruce, Clint, Natasha, hell, even Loki will step up to the mantle. We have no shortage of packmates willing to do anything to keep you safe. We are family, and family care and protect their own.”
Another turn around the area and Vision neared the edge again, causing Tony to kneel on one leg and prepare himself to sprint and get the machine. His movement made the Avengers still sitting down straighten up and look to the machine for any visible dangers. Steve had a hand up and was reaching out to grasp his shoulder when the giant lion took a sharp turn to pounce on Vision, but instead of pinning him down like he would with prey, the circular body of the machine prevented him from getting a hold and sent him rolling forward and over the edge of the river. With a splash, Vision began a strand of panicked sounds as he tried with all his might to roll back on land. Even if the Avengers didn’t understand Vision’s language the sounds of hysterics was all too recognizable for them to mistake it for anything else.
Then, for extra measures, he had placed a clear-blue rune in the back of the shield. Its brethren went into the glove Tony had fitted for his mate. When tapped by the base rune Tony had inserted in the other glove it would activate the pull of the runes. The rune on the glove attracting the rune of the shield, therefore bringing the shield, no matter it’s location, back to Steve. Never to be lost again.
Everyone murmured in agreement, patting both him and Tony with good wishes and grins, congratulating them on their news. Tony positively brightened under their cheers, smiling almost to the sun and back. His fatigue, the ordeal his body had gone through, was pushed to the back of his mind. At least briefly. Eventually, his body decided now was a good time as ever to let Tony know it was in pain, tired, thirsty and very hungry.
Stark responsible for many weapons still around, created during his father's time. He hadn't been a Stark in years so it wasn't too difficult, but he sure as hell wasn’t going to be a Hammer. Not anymore. He refused. “Tony, mine’s Tony.”
“Yes, Sir, we did. You made a startling appearance after chasing prey that led us to them as they passed by and was introduced to one Steve Rogers who invited you to join the pack. It was not a dream.”
Her gaze shifted to Tony. He straightened up on the spot. He wasn’t used to Peggy or her mannerisms yet and so didn’t know how to take this match of wits between the alphas that ended with her attention on him. Unconsciously, he lifted his chin a little, purposefully trying to expose his neck. An act engraved deep in his instincts as an omega that, now that he thought about it, he hadn’t used since joining the Avengers. Steve’s own gaze had never demanded his respect in this sense. To surrender without a fight in order to appease the alpha.
“Seems a bit of both,” Tony released a laugh when he witnessed Clint swim after something in the water only to collide with Thor. He tried recovering by using Thor as a step and hop over him but instead one of his paws slipped and he landed face first back into the water, knocking Thor over along the way.
One by one the hunting party placed their catch down and walked over to their respected spots. All of them minus Steve. As the leader he got to eat first, as per the canine pack instinct. Something Thor and Loki respectfully followed as they waited patiently along with the others.
“Clearly you have to hear it if you’re still doing this. What you do behind closed doors is none of our concern, Stark, but when you advertise it so blatantly it becomes the Avengers’ business. You’re Iron Man. You’re a big face for the Avengers. How do you think it reflects on us when Iron Man behaves
“I believe owning someone is illegal now, especially if it involves famous comic heroes. The public will raise hell.”
“How do I look?” Tony asked for the ninth time in a row. His newly washed clothes he found time to do the day before now framing his figure.
Hammer’s eyes narrowed. He hadn’t liked his question. “Long enough. You know I hate being kept waiting, Omega.”
Now, because I ship Loki/Thor on odds days and don't on others what I'm going to do for this ship is write their relationship on the thin line of platonic, very close brotherly love and sexually romantic coupling. This means that it's up to you to decide if you see this ship romantic or platonic. If them being brothers bothers you then you can see this as very close brotherly love. If you love Loki and Thor as an actual couple doing snoo snoo then you can see this as romantic.
They roll out of his way, just as Steve’s memories depicted, but this causes his heart to speed up for what happens next is what he fears the most to see. Steve on screen continues down to his next target. To Falcon, who isn’t quick enough to fly up like Thor. His gear takes a second too long to lift him up and that’s all Steve needed to grab hold of him.
The food couldn’t get to Tony fast enough but the Hulk eventually stomped his way to them with three large bucks on his shoulders. The ground rattling under his weight. Thor carried his own large buck shortly after him. Clint and Natasha struggled to drag their own prey together but it ultimately joined the pile.
True to his word, Steve kept by his side everywhere he went. He waited by the door in the mornings, walked with him to breakfast, joined him on his trip to Hattan (along with literally all their packmates) to speak with Ben about the work, sat next to him during their time of relaxation on the couches, but like promised Steve didn’t follow him to bathe. He did, however, wait for him near the stairs for the walk back when he finished.
Tony scrunched his face and focused on the current, easily blocking out the past his mind had wandered to from the sheer intense overstimulation he was experiencing. Focusing on the current, of his new moments, pushing back the negativity because he didn't need it anymore, he was moving forward, and because…
Vision released a high pitched sound in insult from being referred to a ‘thing.’ The alpha wasn’t expecting that and even jumped a little. “What the -?”
Deeming Midgardian education subpar, Tony was homeschooled. The technology of Asgard was his new toy and every day he would play, learning the workings and the magic. Impressing his uncles. Impressing even Odin after the man came to visit once upon hearing the word of a Midgardian residing in his old workshop.
The area smelled of mold, rotten wood, and rusted metal. It was horrid. This wasn’t a warm welcome. It wasn’t anything close to the warm welcome the mansion had greeted him with the first time the Avengers brought him in. This place Hammer dragged him to. It wasn’t home.
an animal,” Winter hisses. “This is Steve and he’s protecting his omega, who can die at any second if we don’t
The alpha smiled. “She’ll be fine, Omega. As long as you listen to me. No one will hurt a hair on her. Promise.”
Jan walked around to look at Tony in a different angle. She appeared to be appreciating the sight but was still waiting for his response.
. He’d heard of them before but never actually seen one. It was eye opening. “Steve - I mean, the Captain, didn’t tell us when you guys would be leaving.”
Steve didn’t say anything as they remained there. There weren’t tears trailing down his cheeks, thankfully, but his breath still hitched and his throat hurt. He might have released a sob or two but he didn’t take notice. He was too focused on the scent emanating from the alpha. Strong. Safe. He sighed when Steve rubbed circles on his back.
Tony’s screams will forever haunt him. The terrible, grueling, torturous screams that he never knew Tony could be capable of creating. The agonizing cries. The heartbreaking calls. His omega whimpering at the mercy of their captors. Steve knows Tony tries to be strong. He knows Tony will hold on for as long as he can, but even a supersoldier would break under their treatment.
If only he could manage to without shivering under Stane’s icy glare. If looks could inflict pain, Tony would be on the ground with bruises, scratches and broken bones. Not a single inch of his body would be untouched.
“At least your name sounds like something to fear. You could have very strong iron defences. Your title could have been given to you because of your tough skin or use of iron weapons, or, you know,
“Let him go!” Tony charged for Bucky first. Rhodey was uncharacteristically still. No longer fighting and just limp in their jaws. A clear sign that lack of oxygen was taking its toll. Not even thinking of the consequences and only his best friend’s safety in mind Tony aimed for Bucky’s snout and bit down hard. Bucky yelped and released his hold, backing away to paw at his snout.
“The same underground land we found over in the deserted corners of Iceland? Close but there is an obvious lack of beast statues to curse us this time,” Tony began walking further into the land, getting closer and closer to the center.
Still, he should be thankful, even if he was to sleep alone. He got used to it with Hammer. He could get used to this. Besides, he had Bruce and his new pack to look forward to in the mornings. He’d be eager starting the day with them.
“Yes, they are. Thank you,” he managed to say through the initial shock. He couldn’t believe he had discarded his gauntlets. The very work he had struggled to keep out of the wrong hands for so long and he simply left them behind for anyone to take. He didn’t know if the Hulk understood the gauntlet’s importance to him but he was grateful the giant had been considerate enough to grab them along with his items. “Could you hold onto them for me?”
“I know your scent. I can recognize it anywhere and I know when it’s different. Maybe you or the others can’t pick it up, but this is new. I know it’s new, and it’s strong and it’s warm and I can’t get enough of it.”
Tony was speechless, mouth opening and closing from the lack of words. He knew Steve didn’t want him spending time with Rhodey, but he didn’t think
Tony made a high noise in the back of his throat as his toes were dragged over the surface of the floor, barely making contact. The urge to kick wildly in an attempt to gain some ground itched in his legs, but he held back. No good would come from accidentally hitting the alpha feline, or even Vision, who was rolling really close to his legs after them.
Taking the hint Tony made his way back out the doors. Loki said one last thing before closing the doors. “Remember, Anthony, no one has a right to demand something of you and no one should have that control. You are allowed to deny them.”
Tony frowned and looked towards the distance, not believing there was truly nothing. They found this place by moving the wall that he presumed was the only opening and it was no coincidence that the land was similar to the very land they had discovered and cursed them. There was something, even when there was no statue to curse them further. There was something.
Hulk followed her movement and besides lowering his head to sniff her he made no move to react violently. “Tiny Banner mate.”
Some of you may have noticed and some of you might notice now, there's a total number of chapters now!
The tower and Loki remained in his mind long after they made their way inside and were standing outside the door to Tony’s room. Steve held his hand and kissed him. “I really enjoyed spending time with you, Tony.”
Sam and Clint fanned themselves and each other when Rhodey marched in with a hard stare at nothing. Rhodey was oblivious to it.
Perhaps Steve thought it had been fun watching him fall and believed Tony was a ridiculous omega and deserved having some sort of trick played to humiliate him further. That would be believable, and sadly the most probable reason as to why Steve was bothering. It wouldn’t be the first time an alpha tried proving their superiority by bringing him down. Hammer did it plenty and Tony quickly learned to force himself not to care and to not show the hurt. He had to, otherwise the past twenty plus years would’ve been hell for him if he took every wounding word to heart and have a piece chipped away from it. To be honest, he still ended up accepting every word and it
Without meaning to he stiffened and because he was still in Steve’s arms he knew the alpha felt it. “How about we stay up here for a while longer?” Steve offered instead and Tony tightened his hold on him gratefully. “Anything I can do to help you relax?”
Rhodey, Pepper and Happy frowned. “You don’t even want us to defend the den?” There was an accusing tone in Rhodey’s question. Not understanding why they were staying at all if that were the case. The alpha in him not wanting to be left behind most likely. Being new to the pack and not having accepted Steve as his pack leader yet was probably causing his instincts to challenge the younger alpha’s command, no matter the logic behind it. Tony was worried a fight would occur and was ready to jump in and soothe the situation as much as he could.
Without the challenge present anymore Rhodey glanced back and forth from the two alphas and then to Tony in question. “
“Never know until you try. Maybe Hulk will turn out to be a gentle giant. Besides, I don’t think he’ll disappoint any mate,” Tony wiggled his eyebrows.
When they were sure he wasn’t looking, Ben and the shop crafter wheeled out the present. Said present was a carriage. A simple one and small in size. A seat perfectly sized for Peter was on the front. It even had a belt to secure him. On the back was a large seat that could easily fit two adults if they sat close together. No doubt where Ben and May were meant to go to keep watch on Peter.
Confused, he nodded his consent. His left ear twitched when Loki got even closer, heading for his belly and moving lower. The python stopped right over his hind leg, apparently studying it. Tony watched him curiously, wondering what the python was going to do, only to squeak in mortification and pull his hind legs and tail closer to himself when Loki made a swift movement and held himself inches away from his tail. The snake stuck his tongue out multiple times, scenting and tasting the air near the area.
Getting ready for the mission did only take him ten minutes and before long they were making their way down the halls towards the landing pads of the jets. Maria Hill was waiting for them just besides the jet already on and warming up.
Friend, perhaps? Perhaps doing so would earn him favors when finally asking the blacksmith if he could work. “I will. Thank you, Ma’am.”
“No,” Tony grinned. “He’s from across the sea, but really he’s an entire species of his own. With the attitude that comes out, he's a person in his own right.”
When they reached the opening where the stone wall vanished and fell they found themselves inside a grand room that couldn’t possibly be the structure they had heard of. What they were told was described to be a small temple with a pedestal in the center and an item that supposedly held answers to their dilemma. Same old, same old. Instead they ended up with what looked to be an entirely new land under a land. Granted, this land didn’t look pleasant. In fact, the land looked absolutely dead with no grass, no trees and no sun and yet there was light illuminating the flat under-surface. There was plenty of stones and dirt, but nothing that signified life.
Tony, Jarvis, Vision and Bruce. That was an improvised pack Tony could live off. Even after Bruce got recruited to an actual pack and leave the shacks Tony could go on with the cockatoo and the machine. Yes, that could work.
“I’ll go order us something. You go ahead and sit with the others,” Steve said, gesturing to the bartender. “Stay close.”
“In case you're thinking something else, they were teasing you playfully,” Bruce explained sometime after their calm walking in a hushed tone.
“Steve, there’s no danger,” he said against the alphas chest, trying to calm him. “Shh, everything is fine.” He felt the chest expand as Steve took a large breath to calm his nerves. “Just me. We’re in a heat room. Our pack is somewhere waiting for us.”
A normal, modern alpha can leave a fistful of devastation to those around them upon their episode, but what of a supersoldier? What of Steve? What if he went feral again while out defending the city and his team doesn't stop him in time? What if civilians walked in his path as he rampaged around like a damn animal?
Steve’s eyes softened. “Never, not for this. Now if physical contact were to start happening I might have a few choice words to say. I can’t stop them from appreciating, but they know better than to touch the art.”
Deep in Tony’s mind, the thought of Steve and the others abandoning him came bursting through all sense and logic.
Fear seeped out of him. Pepper smelled it and inched closer to try and protect him. She was braver than he. So much braver. If only she wasn’t there. If only she was safe in their home and with their pack and not obligated to be brave for Tony’s sake.
A stone sat heavily in Tony’s stomach. Hammer wanted weapons. Of course he did. He always wanted weapons, but this time he didn’t just want an advanced pistol or rifle. No, he wanted his gauntlets. The alpha wanted him to recreate his gauntlets and recreate them in mass.
Rhodey nodded slowly, as if talking to a child. “This isn’t our home, or our pack. Kind of guessed you didn’t want us here for too long.”
Tony tuned him out, shaking his head fondly. If ever Hank were given a moment to talk about his work he’d take it and run off with hours of the day. That man truly was proud of his alchemy.
Was she an old interest Steve still held feelings for? His alpha’s reaction seemed to support that theory. Tony didn’t know how to feel if that were the case. It wasn’t as if Tony was unfamiliar with his alpha chasing after younger and lovelier flesh, but he had hoped he could keep Steve all to himself.
Tony and Bruce scrambled to keep up. For a snake Loki was surprisingly fast and agile and didn’t let the grass or dirt slow him down. And while Tony had a glimpse of hope with how this was going to turn out something Loki had said got him curious. “You said your… pit left an hour ago?”
It terrifies Steve. Every night and every waking moment. It terrifies him. Living in fear of just when he’ll go feral again. The rampaging animal underneath his skin, wanting to be set free once more after finally having had a taste of freedom and the blood that came with it. The animal that sought violence and used its rage to achieve it.
A new set of clothes and they continued on the road. According to some of the Brook town locals that gave them sympathetic looks while they were handling their business, the nearest shacks were about six hours from there on foot. The sun was at the center of the sky and they figured might as well have a roof over their heads for the night. If no shacks were available they could always camp nearby and not have the fear of having another raider attack.
“I asked for leave time to visit my best friend and make sure he’s fine. That’s why I sent the letters, to tell you about it. When I learned what happened I started searching, hearing what I could, finding clues and even trying to think like you. I sent Pepper a letter hoping she could help keep an eye out. Raise the possibility of one of us spotting you. I didn’t actually expect them to leave their pack and find me to help in the search.”
Steve grinned, face far too shiny for this hour of the day. “We’ll see.” With one quick glance aimed at Tony and one gentle touch that brushed his fingers on Tony’s lower back he walked to the front of the cart and gestured to the empty space in-between the handles. “Get it going, Loki, and we’ll be on our way.”
“Would you ask her that question?” Steve growled, causing Bucky, along with everyone else, to blink.
“It’s very nice to meet you both,” Steve leaned forward in order to talk to Vision and still have a visual on Jarvis. In doing so he ended up getting in Tony’s line of sight and forced him to look at the charming smile the alpha was giving the cockatoo and machine. When Steve noticed him staring his smile grew wider, if possible, and his shiny blue eyes filled with -
“Tony,” Steve said gently, careful, “I’m not an idiot, not when it’s obvious you’re not enjoying this. At all.”
Tony couldn't look away even if he wanted to. And he couldn't just walk back to the mansion either. That would be rude to the alpha who was currently walking him to the lake as promised. So he looked at the alpha and he looked at the lake. There was so much beauty everywhere to look at Tony didn't know where to begin.
Bruce and Loki quirked an eyebrow simultaneously, coming to one conclusion and waiting for it to either be confirmed or denied. Everyone else, minus Steve, waited expectantly for him to further detail it.
Jarvis studied him from the bed. “On your right side. It looks like the makings of a nest I’m really tempted on utilizing. A little on the top as well.”
For Jan and Natasha, Tony created something similar in style. Both shifters, though different in their mannerisms of fighting, preferred immobilizing their enemies. For Natasha, Tony created wristbands. Thick wristbands that nearly covered half of the forearms. On both, he placed one white rune. Runes that were meant to activate upon meeting each other and release a shocking experience for any of her enemies and would continue to shock until they meet once again. If left alone to continue for long enough, it was possible she could release the energy much like a bullet. Send the shockwave flying and restrain the enemy at a distance.
Jan shushed him, reaching out but stopping just an inch away from his arm. “Don’t apologize. You did nothing wrong.”
He gave a sigh. Nothing he could do now as he waited for Steve to return with the female beta and introduce them properly. If they were both going to be a mate of Steve’s than Tony needed to prepare to be civil. They would be sharing after all and nothing ruined the moment more than arguments.
Tony furiously tried rubbing away any evidence but he knew it was a lost cause. The alpha had seen the tears and there was no way to deny it. Now what would Steve think? Watching the omega he was interested in cry for no reason? Showing weakness and burning any potential strength the alpha thought Tony to have to the ground?
Pepper recognized them, too, if the way she inhaled sharply and took a step closer to him were to go by. It was her feeble attempt to protect him, but they both knew, against the sheer number of shifters surrounding them, weaponless and without means to call for help, they were at their mercy.
“That’s something I haven’t seen before. New?” Rhodey eyed the gauntlets briefly while holding his rifle out, seeming impressed with them.
Tony moved to turn his head away, but Rhodey’s words stopped him and he thought better of it. He couldn’t simply hide anymore, no matter how much he wanted to. He owed it to his pack. “Because I haven’t had a heat in nearly twenty years. I thought my body finally caught up with my… barren… nature. Finally got the clue to stop.”
“Hank sells these mixtures that help prevent unwanted pregnancies when a shifter is in the middle of their cycle or rut. One unplanned or if they have a last minute change of decision. From what I’ve heard him explain the mixtures sterilizes the intaker temporarily.”
Hill snapped her eyes away from the file, looking straight at him, “Let's just say it’s going to be a bit of a fantasy for the rest of the day.”
“Good. Wear Iron Man with pride. I know for sure it’s going to be a name shifters will fear, and maybe even a name people will swoon over and want to take a look,” the wink the beta gave was soon accompanied by five pillows aiming for his face and a sixth thrown by Steve (that he had somehow gotten at one point during Clint’s speech) with enough force to knock him on the ground. It didn’t stop Clint from laughing. “Cap, you’re possessiveness is showing.”
Sam pointed them out respectively, each one giving Tony a wave, except for Bucky and Loki. The first only kept staring at him, as if trying to see something, to search for something on Tony’s person. The second didn’t bother to give a greeting, which was a giving considering he was aggressively trying to ignore what was going on around him.
“We didn’t know what time to arrive,” Tony defended, astonished from the fact that Loki, the Avenger that furiously ignored his pack’s antics, was a Serpent Shifter.
Right. He was starving. All this sharing had distracted him momentarily, but now with the focus back, his stomach growled with a vengeance. Tony was about to bid him goodbye when suddenly Hank perked up. Back straight and eyes toward the door. The sure canine signs of someone of interest having just entered the area.
Tony blinked. His thoughts were interrupted from going any further down the depressing road of his past. Instead, his mind became preoccupied with Steve’s glowing and smiling face. The alpha was covered in dirt with his hair tousled and armor unkempt. His shield had, unsurprisingly, dented during the first few contracts they had accepted. It had a good run, but ultimately a thief had gotten lucky and landed a hit with one of many large stones thrown out of desperation. Steve had blocked it in time, but no reinforced, magic-less shield could withstand the force from that stone.
“Oh, Tony…” she reached out to him. When he didn’t reject her touch she pulled him closer to hold. “Oh… Tony…”
So if Steve wanted to groom him then Tony was going to remain still and let him, even if it meant being unable to talk or get close to his friends. Tony owed him for letting them stay, so anything Steve wanted Tony would do.
“No time as the present. Wouldn’t you say?” Steve had the audacity to give him a grin as he said it. “Do you trust me?”
The Avengers, playing a trick on him, incredible how low Tony must have been in order to have that happen.
“I know it’s nothing like our old home, but after you ran away from me I think it’s fitting. Your punishment for misbehaving. Don’t worry,” Hammer was smiling. It wasn’t a pretty sight. “I know you’ll learn to love it. You’ll have to. You won’t be allowed to leave here for quite some time. Not until I know you’ll behave.”
One week of living in the shacks and Tony was honestly surprised that Jarvis and Vision were putting up with the packless arrangement instead of running out of there upon their first opportunity and searching for a competent owner to take care of them. At least for Vision. Jarvis could probably go and survive on his own in the wilds. Find a place in the forest that had plentiful fruits and seeds and have a banquet instead of competing with the residential birds near the shacks for a small meal.
Steve growled and glared at Sam. The beta simply chuckled the threat away. “Getting jealous again, Steve? You know we’d never do that to you. Besides, Tony’s only got eyes for you, isn't that right?”
The python flicked its tongue out. “How rude. I remained here for your benefit and these are the gracious thanks I receive. I’ll have to have a talk with our fair captain.”
want to mix anything with questionable coloring together. You won’t live to tell about it. Only mix together the light blue and the green if you want pure explosions powerful enough to rock the foundation. Get the yellow and the red together if you want to create lethal smoke that’ll kill them within seconds. Red and blue will create blinding lights. Very effective when you wish to fight back. Yellow and green creates a sweet smell that’ll calm any rampant creature.”
Taking first place in a surprising landslide is Bruce/Natasha, beating Bruce/Thor, Bruce/Pepper, Bruce/Loki, Sam/Natasha, Pepper/Natasha and Clint/Natasha.
“I can’t wait to get home,” Clint said with a stretch. He raised his arms and arched his back, creating a satisfying crack of the bones. “I’m never leaving the bed once I touch it. Ever. I’m going to hog it all.”
“Yeah,” Tony elongates the note. He was hoping his sarcasm was showing. “Almost as much as you did.”
,” this was no joking matter. Tony’s entire understanding of the world around him just got flipped. Or at least this was a shock of a lifetime. He needed Steve to be serious.
While the pair of betas were bantering to each other Tony took the opportunity to gain as much distance as possible, trying to stay low in order to have less friction against the wind. True to their hunting instincts Jan and Clint moved the moment they heard the first crunch of the grass and saw Tony head for cover behind two partnered trees with very large roots sprouting out the ground. The two still had their challenge going, trying to outdo the other while lessening the distance between them and Tony. At certain points during the running they even tried compromising each other by biting the other’s paws and bumping into them. It was all playful, of course, but it was still a game of first and neither wanted to lose.
Tony gave them each a stare, gave his packmates a regarding glance. He could trust his packmates. He wasn’t the only one unique with skills, as Loki had said. They each had a profession and not one of them abused the other’s talents. They wouldn’t demand something of him against his will. He knew this. “Ben agreed to share some of his projects with me.”
All at once Steve lit up and he walked right up to him, reaching out and hesitating to grasp his hand. When Tony motioned to grab his instead Steve met him halfway. “You came.”
His promises meant nothing, but Tony had to believe somewhere deep inside Hammer’s word would be true. As long as he behaved. Bid his time. He and Pepper could escape, or their pack would find them. They would return.
“Pretty sure Loki has us beat with that and will be holding that record close. Spells his clothes invisibile,” he explained to Tony when Tony gave them a questioning look at that confession. Made sense. “There a reason why you’re poking your head in?”
Rhodey was left with his mouth open and eyes wide. Eyebrows steadily going higher and higher with each statement until they nearly reached his hairline. He searched the room for help but found none as all the Avengers were either snickering to themselves, were covering their faces in second hand embarrassment or were groaning at the pair.
Tony steadily realized what she meant by that last statement. All of their packmates, from Rhodey down to Loki, had moved to surround Tony and Steve sometime during the little conflict. It wasn’t an obvious circle. More as if they shifted just a little to enclose them both from danger. Their fronts facing the direction Peggy and Bucky stood.
What an alpha is capable of underneath. Just waiting to be released. Unlocked, upon an alphas desperation and fear. Looking to take over when Steve is at his weakest.
“I was so worried,” he said when he pulled back, taking a sharp inhale. “When Pepper told us what happened I feared the worse. You were taken from right under me. From our home. Where you were meant to be safe in my protection. You were all taken just like that and I couldn’t do anything to stop it.”
Rhodey shook his head. “I didn’t mean now, Captain. He’s not getting near pliers for at least a year.”
Everyone who showed emotions began laughing at Tony's flabbergasted expression and only stopped when Steve growled in warning. A few of them still snickered but they quickly regained their composure and continued their travels in a more sedated state.
“My betas will bring you the materials. I suggest you start working immediately, or your bastard might not make it past the week. Don’t disappoint me, Omega. You don’t want to disappoint me.” With one last smirk, Hammer left the room, leaving Tony alone to his thoughts and fears.
“I know I’m not exactly a fine specimen,” he said with an awkward, brittle smile, “but at least I don’t look half bad for my age, right?”
“Why not? Pretty sure you’re more than qualified to fight the biggest dangers around. You can take on Hydra packs on your own.”
The alpha turned to the carcass and began eating, chewing away at what he could in reasonable time. Tony, still holding the leg, turned to look at where Bruce was sitting. It was a mistake to do because the omega was smirking at him, eyebrows raised in expectation, and he wasn’t the only one. Everyone was grinning in their own way, nodding and approving. Clint went beyond that and started wagging his canine brows suggestively. Vision added to it by creating a noise that resembled a whistle.
Tony, even shifted, still wore his clothes that were not meant to accommodate the shape of a wolf. Baggy and trapping him slightly they were awkward to take off, but eventually with Steve’s help he was able to tuck Jan’s gift to the side and lie down with his belly exposed for Steve to continue. The alpha seemed to be enjoying doing so. Not once grimacing or acting as if the affection was a chore. On a few occasions Tony would feel his own paws and hind legs twitch without his control when Steve groomed certain spots on his neck. It just felt so good, and it had been so long since someone had properly groomed him. He never wanted it to end.
From their little huddling Jan jumped up, looking eager before switching to sternly at them. “What were you both doing that you got here so late? Do we need to have an intervention?”
He stilled, realizing what he was doing. He was imploring for something that Steve might not even want to do in a manner that would cause Steve to feel guilty if he were to say no. He was cornering the alpha. He needed to stop.
This is about to hit the 100k word count. Can you believe it? Who here remembers reading this when it was only around 10k or less? Anyone? Those readers still around?
Tony hunched his shoulders and pulled his head back. He could feel his tail going between his legs as a response to the fear he felt from running head first to an alpha without warning. Who knew what the alpha thought of his sudden appearance. He could interpret Tony jumping through the bushes as an attack, waiting until his defenses were down and then strike, and could possibly attack back as self-defense. Tony heard a growl from the side and found from the corner of his eye that the alpha wasn’t alone. There was a pack behind the alpha. Following. Meaning this alpha he just ran into was the pack leader and Tony was in so much trouble. He flattened his ears and lowered himself as close to the ground. Through his fear, he managed to count at least four pack members with plenty more further back, including the leader, and he really needed to make himself as small as possible and leave.
Fingers caressed down, stopped right over his naval, returned up to trace his many scars before repeating the process a second, third and fourth time. Steve was for sure doing it on purpose. He knew
He gingerly made his way over to Hank. He searched for any signs of the beta not wanting company before taking a seat a distance away and getting comfortable. Hank didn’t react to his presence, remaining still and thoughtful. Tony kept quiet, waiting for the beta to say what he wanted.
He took one glorious stretch once he was outside. His bones snapped in a refreshing manner. Being cooped up for such a long time did a number on him. No longer in his prime, his bones were quick to stiffen. A walk around their territory would do him good before bathing. It’d been a while since he was able to enjoy the sun as a friend instead of an inconvenience while on the road. Plus, their territory was beautiful. A call to walk was hard to resist.
“Jarvis!” Tony screeched, sounding as every bit scandalized as he felt. The little bird he had raised since he was hatched didn’t just say that!
long since he last received any form of care during his heat. Back when his scent had yet to catch up with his barren nature and had actually been pleasant, Hammer would spend every moment with him until his heat subsided. He would go right for the point. Do the act and give himself pleasure without ever once considering Tony’s welfare or emotional state.
Tony returned back to the workshop and continued to grow. Being raised by Asgardians meant being the best Midgardian he could be. Loki pushed his studies. Thor pushed his skills. Jarvis, the android built and modeled after his old butler to be his caretaker when Loki and Thor were requested back home and Tony was not to be left alone in the workshop, pushed his mannerisms.
They both refused to shift back, content with traveling back home as wolves. Tony sent a silent apology to Jan as he stuffed his gifted outfit in his bag, Steve helping fold them as best as his teeth and paws would allow. The alpha threw the bag over himself, not giving Tony a chance to take it for the journey back. Jarvis hopped onto his own back and settled near his shoulders. Vision followed happily besides them, keeping up with no trouble and every now and then bumping gently against Tony’s hind legs, demanding attention that both Tony and Steve happily gave. A careful swipe of their paws was enough to sate the little machine and he continued down the path back home.
“Don’t you worry your little head about that. I’ll have someone within the hour no problem. Just came in to grab a quick drink.” He made his way over to the cabinet to grab a glass. Now was a good time as any to enjoy something strong. He wasn’t going back out after this.
Maybe he was shaking, maybe he wasn’t, he couldn’t be sure, but it was overwhelming and a little voice in the back of his head was shouting at him to say yes, to be selfish and get what he’d always wanted. It was right before him.
“May I remind you that you have already obtained Mister Rogers’ eye, Sir. And if I understand your Shifter appeals correctly Mister Rogers is aesthetically pleasing.”
Steve had him bent over his own anvil in the very same shop he had gifted him. His pants were down his knees, legs spread out with Steve in-between them with his tongue shoved in his folds. A roof over their heads, walls on every side and a makeshift window acting as the smoke ventilator were their only cover from curious eyes. The prospect of getting caught by anyone with the misfortune of time did nothing to slow Steve.
With a groan Tony rested his head on the ground. While it was true he was able to handle the weight of the pile on him he was unprepared for the act itself and didn't have his muscles working to combat the mass and lessen the strain on his ribs and lungs. He wondered how Jan was able to run already when she herself took the near same weight he had, and by all accounts she was smaller than him, at least by a little. Taller sure, but how much strength did she possess in her thin frame?
Tony relaxed when he felt Steve come closer and pressed his side against his own. The warmth of having him close soothing the earlier tension. “Steve,” he turned his body to include his pack standing behind him, “everyone, these two are Pepper and Happy, my very dear friends who did something dense searching for me.”
Clint and Sam lowered their ears and responded to the sounds with their own whines, running to the edge and pawing at the water for Vision. Tony jumped to his feet and ran to the machine, knocking Jarvis off his shoulder and forcing him to fly for the river in the process. If he had to jump inside the water he’d do so without hesitation, his self-consciousness be damned. What he hadn’t expected was getting splashed down without even reaching the river’s edge.
Tony knew well their fallbacks. Often money was enough to settle any issues but sometimes brute force was required, and for those who had their time cut short Tony was only thankful it was quick. No torture or suffering. Hammer and Stane weren’t interested in that. They wanted sufficiency and the people they hired were skilled in that.
Steve removed his hold on their lengths and trailed his hands down Tony’s back, down to the dip and pausing to have his palms rest over Tony’s ass and squeeze. Those same hands soon sneaked in under the fabric of Tony’s pants to grab it bare before pushing over the mounds and down to where his thighs started and give them a quick caress until finally trailing to the edges of Tony’s folds. The anticipation had Tony nearly gushing, slick trailing out in a steady flow, enough so that Steve scooped some up before circling his coated fingers to smear it around and dipping one ever so slightly in. Gentle and careful, as if trying to avoid causing any pain, one finger passed his folds and rubbed inside.
“There was this alpha that referred to me as a… well, as someone good for nothing but breeding,” he ignored the way his heart twisted just from saying that word, “Rhodey didn’t like that and didn’t hesitate to call the alpha out. Turned out the alpha was really sensitive about his big nose and how he always seemed to smell of spoiled cheese. He tried fighting, but what he apparently didn’t know was that part of Rhodey’s pack was made of alphas and betas who switched their military pack for a family pack. They all taught him everything he knew and the alpha went down in seconds.”
, Steve’s eyes flutter close. At long last sedated, slumping on the ground with Winter still gripping him.
“Thanks a lot.” The last part was said in a tone so dry Tony wondered if a wasteland was coming their way over the horizon.
Steve took a moment to lift his head and rest his chin on Tony’s chest to look at him. His eyes were sparkling again under the light of the moon. The sun long gone by now. He looked almost peaceful, relaxed, and Tony could smell the contentment radiating off of him. “Tell me about your Rhodey growling at anyone who disrespected you. Sounds like my kind of friend.”
“I am! Will we see the race today?” Peter started jumping in place. Certainly an uncomfortable movement on Tony’s back but not painful.
From where they sat Pepper and Happy sent Tony questioning looks, clearly confused about what was going on. Tony shrugged at them in a gesture of “yes, this happens a lot, try and get used to it.” The pair nodded slowly, getting comfortable for the show.
When Rhodey thought him calm enough he continued. “How are you doing? Any pains? Do you need water?”
“Is that?” Bruce studied Vision up and down. “That’s a rune and this is metal moving without assistance. So the rune is playing a part in this. Does Vision ever fall into the equivalent of sleep? How exactly is his behavior and how was it triggered? Does the rune ever run out of power? What is the source of his noise? What -”
Bruce wasn’t going to reveal everything, at least not then, perhaps in the future, or maybe never. All Tony knew was, even knowing the possible dangers Bruce posed with his friend, Tony still trusted him to remain by his side. Hell, even Jarvis was still using his shoulder occasionally, so Jarvis’ trust hadn’t wavered.
He could really use an ice box big enough for him to fit inside. Maybe modify it with runes to keep the temperature at a constant instead of relying on ice that would melt over time.
Steve pulled back in laughter, even as Tony threw pillow after pillow at him. The laughter switched to the occasional chuckle when the projectiles eventually stopped. “Come on. Everyone’s getting ready and we need to fit you in your armor.”
Groaning, Steve got up, watching as the blurry image of his friend from the sleepy haze sharpened enough to reveal him already in his Soldier uniform and was only a hop, skip and jump away from getting on the jet and taking off.
The few times they were attacked on the road Tony barely saw a battle ensue. The raiders were either down for the count or were running the other way with their tails between their legs and long gone before Tony could even blink.
“I am,” he said as he pushed his hips down. He could enjoy and take satisfaction from their coupling before the actual penetration happened and brought with it its pain. “I am.”
“Oh? You don’t know?” Hammer’s smile grew wider. “Anthony Edward Hammer, are you unaware of what you’re carrying?” He laughed. Cruel and rotten. “What kind of bearer
. The last thing she wants is to make you angry.” He took a deep breath, voice cracking from the pressure. “I haven’t seen her in
“Ignore him,” Sam trotted over to the pair. “Loki loves to blow things out of proportion. A lot of folks look, but only three have actually disappeared.”
, “that you and your pack want me to join, but let’s be honest here, what will I contribute to your pack?” Tony tried his hand at a smile but it came out brittled. “I don’t know much about fighting. I’ll just end up holding your pack back.”
With more effort than he wanted Tony pushed what was left of his pants off, needing to lift his legs in order to chuck the clothing to the ground. Doing so forced Steve to remove his fingers and Tony bit back a whine of displeasure from the loss. He sat upright again and with a hand on Steve’s shoulder as leverage and rising on his knees he angled himself to hover right over Steve’s crotch. The alpha’s erection had pearls of precum forming and running down the length. A proud sight for many eager to show off and posture against others and impress potential mates. For Tony… it was a familiar sight that always brought forth pain and constantly tested his abilities to hide his discomfort and fake the pleasure, but he had always passed in the end.
“We must keep you on your toes, Sir. We are your charges. We can't allow you to rest,” Jarvis said with satisfaction. Vision whistled in agreement, following his lead.
His heart jumped when hands grabbed his hips, thinking Steve got impatient and was ready to take matters into his own hands. Tony instinctively hunched and readied himself for the pain that would flare, but it never came. Those hands didn’t force him down like he had expected. No, those hands lifted him
“Can we keep them, Steve?” Clint wagged his tail expectantly and grinned through Sam swatting him and hissing a “
Tony sighed and looked down. The alpha was persistent and Tony was alone. If he frustrated him to the point of angering there would be a huge possibility the alpha would lash out. He couldn’t risk it, not when he had Jarvis and Vision. “I came in here to ask if you required an - an assistant, or some help…”
Oh, how Tony had missed it. The caress of his mate. The love and affection. A far cry from his imprisonment and its treatment. A far cry from what anyone in his past would have ever given him.
He pulled the blanket down just enough to reveal his eyes and get a good view of everyone and the room. It did nothing to hide the flush for sure.
“Where are you keeping him!” The new shifter commanded, completely ignoring Jan. “Where are you bastards keeping him!”
“- but you and I both know that his current favorite is Tony over there. Can’t argue your way out of this one.”
Tony pulled back. There was regret and guilt swirling in those dark eyes of his best friend, but Tony didn’t blame him. “You couldn’t have done anything. You were leaving for your military pack and Obie was busy selling me to the highest bidder. I couldn’t go with you no matter how much I wanted to, and as time went on in the end I just couldn’t go.”
Their pack might tease Steve, might taunt him, might pull his tail occasionally, but in the end they respected their Captain and trusted him to lead them home. It showed when every single one of them listened intently. It showed when Thor, who was an alpha leader in his own right, lowered his eyes in esteem. When Loki kept quiet. When Bucky nodded. When Natasha, Sam and Clint bowed their heads ever so slightly. When Jan, Hank and Bruce remained focused on his every words. When Rhodey, Pepper and Happy showed understanding in their eyes.
While Tony would’ve loved nothing more than to already embrace being part of the pile, being surrounded by pack members covering every space and sharing warmth, he understood the Avengers weren’t used to him or Bruce yet and didn’t want to get crowded. He would just have to be patient and maybe one day he’ll receive the physical comfort a complete pack brought. In the meantime he was happy to receive it from another source.
Tony wasn’t looking his direction but he was positive that Bruce was blushing, and the subject of Natasha speaking another language passed briefly in his head, but right then wasn’t exactly the time. Steve had grasped Tony’s hand and Tony himself couldn’t stop the way his heart skipped a beat. The sounds of residents talking paused and Tony could’ve sworn the entire town went dead silent. Once the moment to process what they’ve seen passed the chatting picked up, louder than before. Steve was revealing to them all his true intent and wasn’t holding back or looking embarrassed one bit.
As he got comfortable Steve made his way to the door to close it shut (that he had forgotten he left open) before returning and getting rid of his shirt and pants in the process. Tony enjoyed the view immensely. The toned muscles, the pecs, and the incredible show of legs. It was a beautiful sight. The alpha then crawled on the bed and nudged Tony’s legs to spread them open. With his cheeks burning Tony did so, offering himself willingly. He watched as Steve got comfortable kneeling between his legs. He half expected Steve to continue where they left off and sink himself inside of Tony, taking Tony’s words of reassurance to heart. The other half of him was both curious and frightened at what the alpha had in mind in trying something different.
“You believe me, right?” Steve held his gaze. Stunning, blue eyes never faltering. Determined and strong.
Tony felt his injured hand shake slightly. It wasn't a joke? Could Tony truly believe that? Why would someone like Steve even bother to look his way? Stuff like this only happened in dreams, and Tony had dreamed plenty of times to know his expectations were unreachable and dreams usually ended with him waking up to a cold morning, alone and no caring mate holding him.
“Neither did Hank and I but we got the hang of fighting,” Jan offered. “You just have to find your style. We’ll help you.”
Tony did so. Lying down and watching Steve curiously as he straightened himself out and poured a generous amount of oil on his hand. Some of the oil failed to remain on his palm and trickled down to splatter on Tony’s belly. His fingers glistened under the light and Tony watched a little fascinated when Steve rubbed his coated fingers together before he reached behind himself and leaned forward a little for better leverage.
“You know, suddenly I understand how Rhodey felt when you all put me and sex in the same sentence. Please stop,” Tony scrunched up his face. Too much information.
“Stuff like this doesn’t happen to me, Bruce.” It was a little statement, a little snippet, but it revealed enough.
Tony turned and sure enough, there was Steve, making his way towards them. Hat in his hand. It was undamaged and even clean. Tony watched him warily as he got closer. When Steve handed the hat over to his boy with a smile did he finally relax.
From his shoulder he could feel Jarvis leaning in, staring at the stone in wonderment. Vision, too, was staring. His own rune glowing as if responding to the magic.
“Sounds ridiculous,” Jarvis huffed. Vision mimicked the sentiment. “Why keep such things to yourself? Mister Rogers has clearly expressed his desires openly, why should you not?”
Bruce just waved it away. “Don’t look at me like that, especially when your hair is all tousled. Ruins the effect when you have bed head.”
The attacker, a stubby looking alpha with a putrid smell and unshaven face, growled, swatted at Jarvis and pinned Tony’s arms over his head. “Little omega, I caught ya fair and square. No more games.” The horrid alpha then leaned in to smell Tony’s neck. Tony moved as far away as he was able to, but it didn’t do any good. “Look at ya, I haven’t seen yer face around. Think I’d remember such a pretty little thing like ya with that ass ya carry on ya. Oh, I’m gonna enjoy this.”
The running steps that belonged to Steve grew louder and closer. He was right on his tail, Tony was positive of it. He gave another sharp turn and then another and another. He even jumped over a large stone in order to slow the alpha down, but Steve followed without hesitation and without any trouble. Tony cursed the alpha’s youth and strength and fit body. This was simply unfair.
As Steve adjusted him and nudged his legs further apart to expose his slit completely Tony tried his best to calm his heart that started beating heavy again in anticipation. Steve didn’t outright slam himself in Tony like Tony had expected him to. Instead Steve ran the tip of his dick over the folds teasingly a few times, circling and even slapping against it until finally he nudged it carefully inside in a near painfully slow pace. Tony tensed up involuntarily as he waited for the familiar pain to appear, but where the sharp feeling that resulted from a forced opening should’ve been… only pleasure was present. Pleasure and the odd sensation of his body willingly
Perhaps it was selfish of him to do so. Perhaps it was a fool's hope. Realistically, he had no control over another's desire. If Steve wanted one more, or a couple more, nights with an old love, who was Tony to stand in the way?
“Oh, thank you,” Bruce grabbed the stone and placed it over the fire, arranging fish from the ones given to him and given to Tony.
“Not anytime soon,” Steve said as he pulled Tony close to him. “You’re not getting close to a forge. Not in your current state.”
The noises of footsteps right behind them didn't give the two omegas much of a choice. Tony canceled out any noise except for the steps that seemed to be booming behind them and breathed in and breathed out, forcing himself to calm. The sight of boots appearing from under the bushes had both omegas acting. Bruce swung wildly while Tony tried his hardest to aim for the head of the closest to him. One smack had two Hydra members crying in pain, one of them dropping their weapon. Another smack on Tony’s goon had the shifter falling flat on the ground. Bruce’s goon required more swings before finally going down. Vision rolled on them for good measure, beeping defiantly. A few steps away were the three remaining Hydra shifters already on the ground with an arrow through their chests, courtesy of Clint on the tree.
The minutes passed by. Minutes and minutes of Tony aimlessly staring at those doors waiting for his mate to come back until finally the moment he dreaded came. The doors were pushed open and in came Steve, but he wasn’t alone. Instead of seeing Sharon as Tony had expected, eight shifters followed in after him. They were loud, coming in with a large presence and even larger personalities. It took a second before Tony realized who they were. When he did he was left gaping.
Who was she for Steve to have done that? Someone of importance in Steve’s life, no doubt. Someone who Tony knew nothing about and Steve had never mentioned.
“I had a best friend who’d growl at anyone who looked at me wrong when I was growing up,” Tony said before he really thought about it. It just slipped out.
“I did chase after her because I needed to talk to her. It’s true we have a history,” Steve’s eyes lowered, careful of what he would say next. He moved his gaze to the doors, staring as if the person they were speaking about was standing there. Tony imagined it was out of respect. “Please, believe me. You’re the only one. What Sharon and I had? It ended on mutual ground. I love her -
“Good morning,” Tony returned to the omega who was probably around his age. Jarvis and Vision whistling together in greeting as well. “I was actually wondering if you, perhaps, knew where the blacksmith was located?”
Hammer and Stane knew him as Tony the omega. For now, he would behave as such. Not a hard task when more often than not his behavior as a helpless omega was true, but Tony had to remain in control. If he surrendered himself too much Hammer and Stane would dig their way down and rip any and all progress Tony had gained under the Avengers’ care. Dig and plant their web of lies and manipulation and make it nearly impossible for Tony to claw his way back out a second time.
Grooming. Tony’s head supplied. Jan and Clint were grooming their mates, and their mates hadn’t done anything besides roll over in order to initiate the grooming. They didn’t ask, didn’t whine, didn’t… beg - for their mates to groom them. And their mates looked happy to do so. Looked almost pleased from it, as if they enjoyed it.
No one dared argue. In fact, no one seemed to know what to say. They all stared in wonder at him. Not understanding
Sam returned the pointed stare, drier than the former. “You got two arms and legs that aren’t broken. Fix your own plate.”
“Almost everyone except for Thor, Hank and my sweety pie Rhodey. He’s still getting ready. Sam’s already got breakfast going. Aren’t my mates the best?” he asked with a flutter of his eyes.
Tony panicked a little. “Steve? Is this… is this a good reaction?” The pregnancy was unexpected, yes, and perhaps the news of twins hadn’t set in for Tony yet, but he didn’t think the news was this shocking… was it?
Bruce stood over a batch of grass that was flatten, probably a spot one of the Avengers had been sleeping on. “I didn’t hear anything about the invitation expiring after one answer, and if that’s the case we’ll just explain it to them. I’m sure Steve will make an exception if it means having you join.”
His heart skipped a beat and his breath was taken away when Steve stopped next to him. All the attention of the Commandos now on him.
“You really do,” Clint said. “All teasing aside, you look stunning and incredible and outstanding and whatever else you could comment to someone positively.”
The Avengers could help, maybe, in finding them, once he got their good graces to deserve asking them for aid.
One last, final, look and he turned away to escape the little area that had become his temporary home. It had taken him weeks to finally finish, but every second had been worth it. Ben had been truly understanding about his reasoning. Now that his projects were over he was ready to get back to work and earn coin instead of spending them.
Tony didn’t bother to see Bruce’s reaction. Usually, the only expression received when someone explains a poor shifter with the misfortune of
Tony shivered in disgust. The feeling too much and the prickling sensation of tears building up too strong to stop. He curled up, burying his face into the sleeves and allowing the material of the coat to suck in the salty liquid. He started slowly scrubbing away at it, cleaning his face as much as he could without causing a lot of movement and catching anyone who was possibly awake’s, eye.
“Already?” Bruce hurried to grab his knife and rushed behind a bush. Stealth was currently required and the best he could do without Hulk was the flimsy weapon in his hand. “The other guy is about this, Tony. I don't think I can do it,” Bruce whispered in a panic to Tony hiding with him. “I need him out.”
Once on the ground May asked him to close his eyes. The prospect of a present finally settled in and excitement soon took over. Peter closed his eyes, going so far as to use his own hands to stop himself from peeking.
“You are really lucky Steve isn’t here right now,” Jan growled. “I have half a mind to skin you. Steve would have already made you into boots.”
Pack contract? What pack contract? He didn’t recall a contract or ever heard about a recent contract that involved the entire pack. Considering he was part of said pack he should have heard about it… but hadn’t… and he didn’t like that.
Both Natasha and Sam appeared on either side of Clint and together pushed him back and closed the space between them to hide the beta away. “What he means to say is, we’re glad to see you’re fine. You had us all worried,” Sam said.
As someone who grew up without his father’s love, Loki knew more than most of what Tony felt. If he could do something about it, he was going to. Regardless of what Thor said.
“They didn’t attack, the leader, and didn’t order the pack to follow after me. None of them attacked. I got hurt because I was an idiot and twisted my hand from a jump and didn’t stop until I got back to you.”
“Steve our pack is downstairs waiting. Clint will be very upset if he comes back to find us doing this.” His alpha hummed in acknowledgement but didn’t stop and in fact got bolder and moved his hand further down to cup his rear. Tony was seconds away from scolding him but broke out in laughter instead when Steve seized his kissing and suddenly began blowing against his skin, creating raspberries and tickling him. “Steve!”
“Tony,” Steve’s expression remained the same, “if it were up to me I’d tell every person we saw, I’d announce it for everyone to hear if I could, and I know we’re not even close to being called mates and I haven’t even gotten a chance to start courting you, but I’m serious. You might think this is some temporary infatuation or just me wanting to get some curiosity out, but this means a lot to me, it really does. I
The new faceless shadows that appear behaved differently this time. He remembers creating sounds at them, warning them not to get close. Growling. Showing his teeth. He remembers some listened. Most stayed far away. Against the walls. Others dared to come closer. Their voices low. He wouldn’t have that. He
Tony huffed at the little machine before reaching for him and scooping him up from the base with his good arm. “You’re very demanding today. You got me working to the bone.” He lifted the machine so he could roll over his leg and snuggle up on the spot in the middle of his crossed legs. Vision beeped a thank you that was followed up by a sassy remark that Tony completely blamed Jarvis for.
Odin conceded defeat and pushed the matter no more, but he left his sons with a warning. Should the workshop fail because of the Midgardian child, Anthony was to be removed and forgotten. No exceptions.
Tony looked away, unable to meet Steve’s eyes. The selfless alpha who had done so much for him. Devoted time and effort for an old omega who didn’t understand the precious jewel he had ran into on that fateful day in the old shacks.
“You know what,” Sam said as he walked back to his original spot and fixed two plates. “I’ll take it. Biggest compliment I will get here.” He placed the two plates in in front of Hank’s seat and Jan. “Just wait until you try Bucky’s cooking. You’ll never want to eat anyone else’s.”
Then there was Steve with his shiny golden coat and looking as tall as a wolf could, and Tony would’ve stared at him longer and admired his form more had the figure sitting just behind him not attracted his attention. Inches away from Steve, sitting upright and not moving, was a red fox with a dark shaded coat. Dark enough that mixed with the red it almost appeared as if it was blood, and while blood was usually associated with unpleasantries the color actually looked beautiful on the fox.
Hammer grinned. “I can’t wait to break you of this new disobedience, but we don’t have a lot of time here. Now come to me like a good boy and we’ll get going.”
The sound of footsteps making their way down signalled the return of their alpha leader. Steve was wearing nothing but a simple loose, white shirt and loose pants and no boots. Even though there was no shape or form thanks to the looseness of the clothes Tony still appreciated the sight he created, as if having just recently woken up.
Even when he got irritated and showed the signs of losing interest Hammer would simply order Tony away, the closest to throwing Tony out, and share the bed with a young and warm new body he discovered near the town while Tony sat idly by alone on the small and cold bed in an empty room Hammer had used to store his products and inventions. Tony would remain there until Hammer decided he missed him enough to allow him back, push away the young body that had apparently served their purpose and have Tony all over again, until his interest began to diminish and the process was repeated.
Rest. Tony was eagerly looking forward to it. Lie down on a bed with no bump or pebbles to press against his side or back and a pillow to place his head on. He was going to sleep the rest of the day and night away. Something short of pushing him off the bed and dragging him out of the room was going to wake him up.
“A bath? You didn’t get a - I can’t believe I didn’t think of that before! You’re probably eager to get rid of three days worth of travel and living in shacks. I never offered you a chance yesterday, did I? I’m sorry, I should’ve thought of that first. Here, I’ll get right on that.” Quick as a candle being blown out Steve rushed back inside and disappeared down the hall, leaving Tony to stand uncertain.
“I object to that,” Clint gasped, outraged. “Sam is a very attractive man. I’ll admit, Tony is pretty good looking and I secretly envy Steve for it because wow, Tony, you aged well.”
“They’re not statues,” Fury explained, “and they’re not collectables either. If they were you’ll have to fight Barton and Wilson for them and about half of the agents in the helicarrier, and that’s not counting all of them.”
and made him sit gently on Steve’s stomach, away from the alpha’s dick and away from the entire purpose of their coupling.
“Cart’s ready over there,” Hank pointed at the simple, flat and shining wooden cart with four wheels, walls blocking in all the sides except for the front and two handles that lacked the mount meant to pull it, slanting slightly.
Tony looked at the letter again. Thinking long on what to do. "I’ll be his best friend for all of Yule. The best he’s ever had."
The giddiness he had felt earlier returned and he couldn’t stop the laughter that bubbled up even if he tried. He was grinning, grinning and scrunching up his face because he couldn’t keep his eyes open and continue staring at the ridiculousness that was occurring over him. He snorted and covered his face with his sleeve, his laughter filling the air.
“Amazing,” Bruce said. “I’ve seen a few cockatoos here and there but none of them compare to you, and you’re, what? A good three inches taller than most?”
“Someone has to between the two of us.” She gave his shoulder a shove in good humor. “So, what have you been working on lately?”
“I don’t know how to feel about that.” While the idea of Loki capable of making himself or anyone he chooses absolutely invisible (senses wise), the thought of the benefits a silencing cast could do for certain noisy items or noisy armors could really aid for everyday life and battles. He could make it so runes could obscure noise and place them on his gauntlets or his anvil or even Vision for when running was the last option and his little machine required to be hidden.
“He cast a kind of silencing spell and neutralizing spell on me and himself. No matter where we walk or step on there’s no noise from it, and we smell like nothing. As if we’re not even here.”
“Because helping with the festival is a little more important than a show,” Rhodey said. “She’s a busy mare now.”
“That little rat,” Sam muttered as the rest of them continued to the door in a more sedate pace. “Oh, he’s definitely sleeping on the floor tonight.”
Tony gave them grateful smiles, straightened up and took the second step out of the shack. For a few moments he felt unstoppable, nothing was going to bring him down. He walked down and through the shacks as if he owned them, never thinking of slowing down, but once he started to notice the stares they were receiving from the other betas and omegas that were up and awake the feeling quickly left. It was one thing to be stared at with curiosity, which a few of the shifters were doing, it was another to be stared at with malice, and boy were they doing a great job on that front.
you? Putting your child at risk without a second thought and without even knowing of its existence. You’re unfit to be a parent. I should do the bastard a favor and get rid of it now.”
Tony couldn’t even panic at the knowledge because she blinked once, showed the slightest upward curve of her lips and looked away. Confused, Tony turned to Bruce for an answer, but even Bruce didn’t know what had just occurred. Either way, they weren’t about to look a gift horse in the mouth and trotted forward to keep up with the pack that suddenly picked up the pace at the sight of ‘home.’
Jarvis didn’t look convinced, but thankfully he didn’t push it further. “As you wish, Sir. Breakfast, perhaps? I believe I heard some of the members of our new pack up and about for the day. Shall we join them?”
. You denied me a family for so long, Omega, and now look at you. Pregnant by a runt. How the Starks have fallen. Your father would be ashamed. Your godfather certainly is.”
“So are you.” Tony’s voice wavered, and for good reason. Pepper, who he hadn’t seen in far too long -
He needs to rest. What little he can get anyway. His racing mind keeps him up and finding any sleep is hard to do when he fears he’ll lose control the moment he’s unconscious. What if he goes feral in the tower? In his very home with only his family as possible collateral damage?
The omega nodded instantly and rose, excusing himself from Natasha. Tony refused to look at Steve as he said to the Avengers, “It was nice meeting you all. We’ll just let you have a moment with your, uh, admirers.”
, Tony realized he was struggling to explain. One didn't openly express, not in his case, unless it involved heated scenes where he had to convince Hammer he was enjoying it.
He had been chatting with Pepper, or more specifically, he had managed to have a decent exchange of sentences with Pepper before Steve appeared. Pepper visibly tensed, knowing full well what was to come once Steve sat next to Tony. He would stare at her while pulling Tony closer, showing he wouldn’t tolerate her physically touching him.
“No one thought I’d live to see my eleventh year, let alone reach adulthood. I was destined to be put in the ground before I learned how to talk, and yet here I am,” Steve chuckled, as if he somehow found it funny. It wasn’t funny. “I was always sick, I was always struggling and I was always fighting as a child.”
He dared to look at Steve once his laughter settled down to something reasonable and found the alpha half-covered by the blue coat and happily staring back at him, overjoyed for some reason and wagging his tail.
Bucky cleared his throat at the mention of his name. One hand of his was rubbing the back of his neck. “Sorry, sometimes I don’t have a strainer for the things I say, especially when Steve is involved. Just gotta tease your best friend, you know? No matter who else gets in the crossfire.”
Was its existence known? Tony couldn’t say. How Hammer and Stane came upon the knowledge was the least of his worries. If the alphas suspected its location was hidden enough from the Avengers then it would be a serious cause for concern. It meant the nearest civilization was miles from there. If Tony were to try and escape while pregnant he would be lucky to see another soul that wasn’t part of Hammer’s pack, let alone run into a town and seek help.
His nose led him down the hallway, down the stairs where he had to carry Vision, and across the common room to where he discovered the kitchen and dining area was located through a door connected with the common room. He stopped inches away from going through, remaining in place and hovering near the door. From his spot he could see Jan, Hank, and Loki sitting on the large circular dining table, chatting and waiting for what could only be breakfast.
“We’ve got to show everyone else, come on!” she ushered him out of his room and down the hall to the stairs. A few of their pack mates were sitting on the many couches, Bruce and Steve being among them. Jarvis and Vision were settled next to the omega. Natasha taking the other side of said omega. Clint and Hank were on one couch while Thor sat alone on another.
. Adults have sex. If my slutty behavior offends your delicate sensibilities then look the other way. It’s as simple as that. All you and the Avengers need from me is Iron Man in top shape. I’m always in top shape. Leave me alone.”
Jan gave an encouraging squeeze of his arm. “Besides Bucky’s poor choice of words, we all agree that you look absolutely fantastic in this outfit, Tony. Words can’t begin to describe it.”
The Avengers had already done so much for him. He had no right to ask of more. So with a heavy heart he put on a smile for them.
His father thought it stupid to write a letter for someone who he claimed didn’t exist. Tony did it anyway. He wasn’t writing to Santa. Not this year. He was writing to Odin, who Tony had learned about months prior.
“You think you can just come here and take the spot for a pack that we deserve?” Prior looked as if he was about to strike but before he could make his move Vision came barreling down and rolled over his foot.
“Very well.” Jarvis glided from his shoulder, sank his claws on the peach and took off before Tony could even react and stop him.
“No,” Rhodey snapped. “I’m not going to let you get punished because you were helping me. Whatever your punishment is I’ll take it.”
Tony's heart chipped away from how Steve sounded. “No, Steve that's not why… I just went to town for something… I never meant to make you think that.”
Hank gave a more sedated greeting, “Good morning,” while Loki gave no greeting at all. He just rested his chin on his hand and stared lazily.
he cared, showed love in his own way, but maybe that was just Tony neglecting to see what was occurring right before him. As he often had done before, and will most likely do again -
Steve hushed him while stroking idly with only his thumb and looking at his erection in thought. He was contemplating something. Not the best time to do so if he had asked Tony. “I want to try something.”
He swallowed and nodded, looking away and missing how Steve seemed to brighten up from his response. The Avengers, minus two, appeared relieved and some were seconds away from cheering at the development, especially the female beta sitting near the end, if her gripping the arm of the male beta sitting next to her and shaking it was anything to go by.
They were almost there with the nearest shack a run away when Steve called out his name and put a gentle hand on his shoulder. He turned around and realized that Bruce and Natasha were standing a distance away behind them, Natasha saying a few words that had Bruce rubbing his hands together timidly. Tony snapped his eyes to Steve when the alpha said his name again.
Surely the serpent was angry now from being disturbed. What had Tony been thinking coming to him? “I - I shouldn’t have bothered you. I’m sorry, I’ll go -”
Now everyone knew how incompetent he evidently was when it came to providing something for the strength of the pack. Instead of adding all he had done was take and take and hold them back from their full potential.
The grip he still had over chunks of the alpha’s fur tightened. The sensation of a tongue running over his skin was so foreign that it left Tony stiff and gaping because, good lord almighty, was Steve doing what he thought he was doing? Was Steve even aware that he was doing it?
He ran as fast as his legs could go, to the point of feeling an intense burn from the excessive use his muscles were suffering. He needed to see who was responsible for reminding him of the familiarity. Because if it was who he thought it was… he needed to see him
Tony gave a needy whine when the alpha pulled away. Just one bite, that was all he wanted. Just one.
Eventually they made their appearance, some of them evidently carrying what they went back to get. Clint had his longbow placed over his shoulder, the string running down his back, while he had his arrows strapped on his belt. In his hand he had a pistol that he threw to Sam when he got closer. Jan had two small pistols on her belt and had a bag hanging by his side with the strap going across her chest and down her hip. Similarly, Natasha had a belt running down the same angle but instead of holding a bag in place it provided sheaths for a bunch of knives. Bucky now had a rifle strapped on his back and Loki had a spear… no, not a spear, something that looked like a spear but clearly didn’t hold the same purpose. Tony’s hands suddenly got an itch to grab and to study because what Loki was holding was a staff.
“Why were you waiting?” Bruce countered, his body slowly bleeding out the tension from Loki’s appearance.
The betas walked over to the cart and Sam jumped to sit on it. Hank chose to leaned against it, head back to look at the sky. Not knowing what to do Tony and Bruce joined them, Tony lifting Vision on the cart when the little machine demanded to be placed on it and together the four waited patiently for the rest of the pack.
“You thank me any more and I’ll end up getting an ego. My mate will throw me a batch of her burning rolls if she realizes it.”
As tempting as food was a bath seemed more preferable instead, especially when he felt another string of Steve’s seed flood within him. No way was he going to walk down to the kitchen without evidence of their mating trickling down his leg. No matter how thoroughly he’d try to wipe.
“We’ll have them moved to the helicarrier soon and checked in by medical. We can’t risk any complications. I want you three to be nearby but not make contact yet until they’ve been cleared. We need to know more about these wings of theirs and what they’re truly capable of. Clearly there’s more behind it than what we’ve read. Make sure they don’t go in shock or lose control, understand?”
Tony and Bruce exchanged looks, remembering these shifters were the very same Avengers, famous war pack of the land. How was that possible?
“What did I do?” the beta pleaded, now under the glare of the bird and a machine. Vision had rolled up to stare at the beta and gave his best impression of angry steel and gave an offending beep for Jarvis. The beta cautiously leaned away from the table in order to have some distance in case the bird and machine decided to jump and strike.
The truth of it was, Tony did have more control than this. He always had control for when Hammer released the harshest of words at him, but he always prepared beforehand. He hadn’t expected for Loki to do the same and so the tears caught him off guard.
With that half of the Avengers’ pack disappeared into the trees. The others accepted their apparent stay and went to claim other tables to bring them together.
“You know, in all our years together I don’t think I’ve ever heard you snap at me like that,” he said as much to the feathery ball of emotions.
. If he wanted to go out and have sex with another grown-ass adult he was going to go out and have sex with a consenting grown-ass adult when and where he wanted.
Steve grumbled. That’s not where he wanted them. He moved his head slightly to the right and leaned down to catch Tony’s lips again. This time they hit their mark. Yes, good, right where Steve wanted them.
Tony perked up and quickly followed in, choosing to sit next to Rhodey while Steve remained standing. It was time to plan for the next day’s attack.
“Never,” Steve said, usual joking tone absent at the mention of Hydra. He marched in with heavy steps. Atmosphere radiating alpha leader ready to command. “Status?”
ordered it, but Steve held his hands up and appeared frantic. “I didn’t know anything about this. I swear.”
“Thank you.” Tony stared at his lap, unsure on what to make of Steve’s kindness. Why did he care if he had gotten hurt? Plenty of shifters got hurt on a daily basis, and now that he thought about it he saw a few betas living in the shacks that had injuries. Why didn’t Steve, or any of the other Avengers, go to them instead?
“Why do you need a rod?” the dirty-golden jackal said through soft barks and snarls. “It'd be easier to just hunt them down than waiting.”
He moaned and bucked his hips a bit to show how he felt and made Steve groan from it. He involuntarily squeezed from the movement he caused and the alpha whined from the added pressure on his knot.
Quickly crawling back on his SHIELD issued bed he willed himself to sleep on the spot, managing to stay conscious with his eyes closed for only fifteen minutes before falling asleep and waking up again to loud knocking on his door.
Both Tony and Steve whipped their heads to the door of the room so fast they heard their necks crack simultaneously. Clint stood just outside of it, appearing sweaty with his loose shirt and pants sticking to his body. His hands covering his nose and mouth and his eyes shut tight. “
The Hulk roared and took off before anyone could say or agree to anything. Not wanting to be left behind Thor ran off after him, along with Clint and Natasha. In an unspoken agreement, everyone else decided to let them handle it. With Hulk by their side they would without a doubt bring back more game than they knew what to do with. That left them to pick up their gear and wait patiently until their two guiding birds gave them the signal to get moving. Tony was content to rest against his alpha. Enjoying the contact and the safety.
“I must agree with Vision, Sir. I approve of Mister Rogers, but I ask that you both not share the same room for the night.” Tony could practically
Steve was quick to jump on his paws. “Yes, of course. Let’s get you over there. Buck, Nat, take over. Hulk, with us. Let’s get a move on.”
“I think I prefer traveling with the pack. I can hold my own. Maybe not to any of your extent, but extra hands can’t hurt.”
“Yes you did,” Bucky interrupted. “You meant every force on that bite of yours. Your friend was in danger so you reacted. Not like any of us haven’t done the same. Just don’t make biting me a habit. My mate won’t enjoy seeing someone else’s mark on me.”
“We can’t just run in head first. They’ll gun us down before we can even reach them. We’re not fast enough.”
“Isn’t he? He’s an alpha, no? All alphas want is a warm hole to pleasure them. Did you manage to do enough to convince him to keep you around? Pity you couldn’t do the same for me, but maybe you’ve improved. If the great Captain has kept you this long then maybe you’re finally doing something right.”
him. He knew they wouldn’t, though. Not when more than half of them had mates and the very idea of any of them disrespecting each other and Steve in such a manner was hard to fathom. But… what if?
“Yeah? How’s that?” Tony released a soft, bitter chuckle. What look had Steve possibly given him to have Jarvis take notice?
“You’re starting your heat and we were just in a fight. Don’t tell me you’re not cramping or need some water. I remember how your heats were back then. I can already feel you warmer than usual.”
“Well, Natasha is pretty intimidating on its own,” Jan said, earning an approving nod from the named alpha.
“Soon, most likely,” Loki answered, and as if he had planned it perfectly somehow a loud thump was heard from somewhere on the floor above them. “Our good Captain is awake. He will join us shortly.”
He nearly howled on the spot from the combination of sheer shock and joy when Steve presented him a gift a few weeks later.
He tried to get as comfortable as possible and wondered how Bruce managed this every night. The other omega must have a back of steel because already Tony would feel his side burn from the pressure. He shifted when Vision made it clear that, human or wolf, he was going to sleep right besides Tony’s belly, determined to be in the center and have someone curl around him. In doing so Vision ended up hiding under the blue coat and released a content sigh.
“Sweetheart if we all got mad for staring at each other’s privates we would’ve killed each other a long time ago. I can’t tell you how many times I caught them looking at me and I lost count of how many times they looked at
The dejected look Steve had made Tony want to lash out. There was no reason for Steve to pull that face, and not being able to complete a prank and embarrass someone for a laugh wasn’t enough of a basis to deserve such an expression.
They shook their heads. “I’m heading over to prepare for the heavyweight. I have to make sure the new blood don’t think I’ll go easy on them.”
“I’m coming with you. I have remedies that can help,” he said upon reaching them. “I’m missing ingredients but they can be easily found in the market.”
Tony turned to look at the aforementioned creek. The cool, clear water flowed through stacks of stones and circled to create a pond just mere feet away from them. The sight was enticing and had Tony had the energy he would’ve jumped in. The water would’ve done wonders to his tired body.
That left little of their pack behind. It was not enough to create the footsteps they were hearing. They were far too many and far too loud to be any of their packmates. The figures that appeared proved them right. None of them were their packmates. In fact, half of them weren’t even in proper shape to represent any of the Avengers.
Tony shrugged. “You never know when a moment will arrive. Perhaps one day you’ll join us on the road.”
Without even noticing they lost track of time. From somewhere between talking about Rhodey and his suspicious skill of always managing to find Tony when they took short trips through the forest and Bucky’s equally suspicious skill to always know when Steve was in trouble and managed to always appear on time to help they realized how late it had truly gotten. They had been lucky so far in staying out so late without enemies attacking, but only because while they were enjoying the view of the lake their pack were out patrolling for unwanted guests. Their pack could only stay up for so long and had probably gone to bed a while ago, except for the one who had gotten the short end of the stick and was still awake keeping watch.
Tony did. It was a familiar letter talking about a topic that sparked a recollection of a time when he had only been, what he considered now, a baby. At thirty-two-years-old, that time felt forever ago but the memories came back easily enough. As if it had only been yesterday.
It appeared to be exactly what Steve had been hoping for as the alpha smiled and cupped his face gently. “If they so much as show their faces to any of us, they're dead. Your godfather is a dead man walking. Don’t get me started on what I will do.”
Tony was about to retort, but it seemed the alpha had heard Bruce because he looked behind to them with an honest to God hopeful smile. “I’ll be happy to, should Tony allow me, but I don’t think it’s necessary. I get the feeling it’ll take more than Vision dancing on you for it to happen.”
From sheer size and temper alone he’d assume alpha, but from the first meeting and the few minutes recently past there was a thing or two that signaled beta, or quite possibly even omega. Could Bruce’s habits be leaking through to the Hulk? They did live in the same space. Perhaps, or perhaps not.
They had agreed to stick together, and Bruce not pushing them away and actually initiating physical contact was always a plus. Going to the northern shacks located near a city was vetoed and so they headed east instead where roads were plentiful and trees expanded as far as the eyes could see. They still ended up stopping in a town during their travels. Bruce required a new set of clothes to replace the ones the Hulk had ripped.
“If you don’t want to fight it is! Also, there’s a purple liquid in the back. Drink that and you’ll fall into a deep slumber. Nothing will wake you for a good forty eight hours. Very effective and simply incredible! If you find yourself nauseous there’s always my home remedy of -”
“Not even the half of it,” Steve said solemnly. “Let the others know we’ll be needing our clothes soon. Maybe send them over? I think we’re just about done here.” With a nod, the two birds flew off towards the direction the inn was presumed to be.
Rhodey moved in and engulfed Tony in a big hug. “I traveled a long way to find you and I’d do it again. Knowing you’re in safe hands is good enough for me, but I swear if I ever hear a rumor about the great
It would take a miracle for anyone to find wherever their destination was. A miracle, or a very stubborn man.
Thor released a loud rumble. “Our leader does not fare well in sharing the affections of his proposed mate.”
Natasha pushed him hard enough to knock him to the pack mate on his other side. The pale, tall fellow that Tony had noticed from the start with long black hair and an annoyed scowl that appeared permanently stuck on his face. Clint put an arm over his eyes and swooned against the shifter, “My hero,” making him roll his eyes.
“Sounds great.” Four was certainly pushing it and he was thankful his alpha decided to take a break.
Tony could see Bruce visibly waver at that. The omega was terrified about his shift, for very obvious reasons, and believed a life of solitude was what he was destined for. Tony wasn't going to let him. They were in this together, or not at all.
Everyone frowned, including Tony. “Yes,” Steve said with a confused shake. “Why would you even ask? Of course you are.”
Rhodey stared at the golden alpha skeptically, probably noticing the two personalities. Pepper and Happy were hesitant, naturally not wanting to make the first move considering this was a much larger
In a last effort to not have everything they had done go to waste Tony snatched the alpha by the arm and pleaded. “I - I want it. Please, Steve. I want to, with you. As long as it’s with you it doesn’t matter.”
“Sounds perfect,” Tony sighed, snuggling in when Steve held him closer, one arm around his chest. He basked in the security he felt in his alpha’s arms and in the afterglow. Back to chest he felt every beat of Steve’s heart, finally calm after their coupling.
“Shall we get a move on?” Tony said and began slowly walking down, hunching over to control his center of gravity. Rhodey and Pepper followed after him.
Steve was at a distance and facing his direction. He looked on expectantly when he stopped, waiting for Tony to respond, for him to make the first move. The excitement doubled and Tony couldn’t wait any longer. This was it. This was the moon run and Steve wanted to chase him first out of all their pack mates. For one tense moment Tony didn’t move a muscle, watching Steve intently. He needed to make this chase worthwhile, needed to give the alpha a good run.
As predicted the Avengers followed the order and didn’t say another word about Tony’s situation, but strangely enough they did so with wide grins on their faces. Bucky, who was sitting on Steve’s other side, let out a snort, shook his head and said “Ever the protective one. I get the feeling you’re going to become unbearable after this. I’m going to need drinks.”
The short burst of adrenaline created by the rush of barreling through the wind was distracting enough to keep Tony’s mind occupied from his cycle. He had no time to worry about smearing the Hulk’s arm with his slick or the inconvenience his early cycle brought upon them. Not when they were making excellent distance to the town and he was moments away from his heat room.
But even so the smart choice didn’t guarantee the wanted results. Steve was quick to answer, “No,” and Tony deflated.
“Help?” Tony tried. If they were just going to sit there and find his situation annoying and amusing the least they could do was offer assistance. Not even Jarvis, who was nesting and napping on Bruce’s shoulder, bothered to twitch.
In an ever growing habit now since meeting the Avengers Tony looked to Steve for a comment on what they were seeing and Steve looked back and shrugged. “They’re always like this.”
“Tell me how you really feel,” Tony said sarcastically, watching as their wings shifted in what he figured out meant embarrassment. In response he felt his own wings move in amusement and he mentally cursed. Even after months of trying to learn how to have a handle on his new (he still considered them new and will probably never stop calling them new, refusing to get used to them) body features he still couldn’t figure out how exactly they worked. There were moments where he could willingly control them and there were moments he didn’t even realize they were acting on their own. The bastard wings of his had a mind and were getting joy from making his life hard.
“You know I will.” For Rhodey, Tony was willing to create something equal to his own. He trusted Rhodey to do right by it. Pepper as well. Tony already saw what she was capable of. He knew without a doubt she’d take to it like a duck to water.
Tony didn’t understand if Loki’s wording was supposed to make him feel better or worse about what had happened. If anything it just brought up the guilt and embarrassment for not being able to handle his emotions properly. “I didn’t mean to panic.”
was scrawled on the bottom. Messy and in red. He wants an item for his mother and a friend for himself. He’d been good all year. Had helped with chores and had gotten good grades. All he wanted was a friend to have fun with.
“Well,” the alpha started while he was in the middle of his turmoil, “obviously you’re worried about something, so I’m going to get back to work. If you come to a decision let me know because the work is yours if you want it.”
Perhaps including Sharon in their relationship was the better idea. The two of them together would never forget anything important involving Steve. They would help each other. At least, he'd hope. He’d have to eventually talk to Steve about it. Search for the positives and find a little happiness instead of letting it simmer and grow into poison from his… jealousy. Steve did want them both to talk more if emotions were high. He wanted them to have trust. Trying was the least Tony could do.
“Love you, too, Brucie, but I need you to calm down. I don't think introducing the Hulk to the Avengers on the first day is a great idea.”
He had to take Tony back home. Back to his Midgardian life and back to his father, but much to his shock Loki stepped in. His little brother fought him tooth and nail to allow Tony to stay.
She eyed him curiously, most likely wondering why he of all shifters had asked her that question. From somewhere behind her Scott bounced over with excitement that shouldn’t be capable at this hour. “Blacksmith! Blacksmith, blacksmith, can I?”
“Where is he?” A new voice demanded. A voice that made Tony skid to a complete stop, nearly sending Jarvis flying without control.
“Not anymore. Not this time and not ever again. I made sure of that.” Steve growled. “I made a promise long ago and I keep my promises.”
“Is he now,” Sam sent his mate a suspicious glance before he himself gave Tony a look over and nodded in agreement. “Well count me in on that. Say, Tony, are you doing anything later?”
“You, too,” Tony managed to Steve’s retreating back. The alpha gave a curt nod to Bruce and continued to Natasha, the red-headed alpha turning to head back the same direction they came from when he reached her.
Bucky nodded at her statement. “Come on, Stevie, you know I’d never do that to you. It’s just a bit of teasing. Don’t think any of us were prepared for how he looks in those pants.”
“While I shake in anticipated fear, Sir, I feel I should inform you the omega sitting before you has been attempting to gain your attention since arriving.”
“Just about done?” Tony repeated. His mind might be willing, wanting to hold Steve close again, but his body, while valiantly trying to make an effort, was not.
Another pack pile and this time with Tony shifted, strengthening his role amongst them. Everything he had supposedly dreamed of was true. It had sincerely happened, and it had come all together into a bonding pile.
The walk lasted nearly thirty minutes. They had walked back to the road and followed said road east. At one point during the walk a small river began trailing next to the road, the soothing sound of running water and the rustling of trees making the trip enjoyable. On many occasions during the walk Tony had closed his eyes and just appreciated the noises, Vision adding to it by releasing a beep here and there every time he caught sight of something interesting or if he jumped when the cart wheeled over a bump on the road. On those same occasions, when he opened his eyes again, he would catch Steve looking back to him, always giving him a fond smile. Tony returned them with faint pink on his cheeks.
Tony took a couple of seconds to calm his heart and preen at the praise before following after the beta in charge. Rhodey joined them as they passed, having taken down two without a single shot. Seven less they had to worry about now.
“Just stick close to any of us,” Clint said, cheeks stuffed with food. “We’ll tell you which business is decent and which is not. We can even take you to the stall with the best glazed bread around. Trust me, it’s unlike anything you’ve eaten before.”
“We can catch up to them,” Bruce said, going to the center of the clearing. “Their scents are still here. Faint because of the water but I can make them out.”
Remark at the tip of his tongue but unable to say it because his mind was still working on putting it together Tony was left with his mouth slightly parted and everyone else chuckling at nothing.
“You have the worst timing,” Steve said to the window. He pushed the two shutters open and revealed a white cockatoo and a red-winged falcon seated just outside the glass.
The sight at the end had anyone lucky enough to have witnessed their posturing looking twice and rubbing their eyes in case they were seeing illusions. For at the end of the line were three new shifters, and two of those shifters were
Tony remained curled up on the ground when Steve finally joined their little circle. The alpha was shifted and walked carefully to his spot, remaining calm even when he noticed Rhodey awfully close to his mate. Tony noted the way his alpha narrowed his eyes but held himself back to whatever he wished to say or do. He also noted how his alpha’s eyes were still dilated, remaining interested.
Soon, the consequences of his choices were going to catch up with him. Either his pack would decide enough was enough and act appropriately for his behavior by letting him go, or their bleeding hearts would get the best of them and offer him one last chance.
“Dinner is served,” Clint said after putting the fish he carried down. “You're welcome.” That earned him a snort from Natasha, Bucky and Loki. “Where'd everyone go?” he continued after noticing three of his pack members gone.
Tony went tense for a moment and pulled his head enough to look over Steve’s side to see Jan awake and grinning. To the right of her was Clint with his head resting on the ground and his eyes open. He turned his head just enough to face Tony without disturbing Sam, who was still asleep and using the back of Clint’s neck and his shoulders as a pillow.
His guess was proven correct when Rhodey asked how he felt about others getting closer for a talk. The alpha gave a short howl to signal the others to come and Tony held his breath over the scolding he was sure to receive and well deserved.
Tears build up against his will and soon he was mentally cursing everything that had to do with Hammer.
There was a flicker in Bruce’s eyes, a flicker that signalled he wanted to ask but decided against it with everyone present. Brucie was going to demand answers, he was sure of it, but thankfully when they were alone. That was, if Tony was going to have a moment alone. From the way Steve’s flank was still pressed against him he figured the alpha was going to remain true to his words and stick to him like a limpet.
He wanted to be looked at just like that alpha child once looked at him, with adoration. He couldn’t think about that, he shouldn’t. It was a
Thor hovered his hands over Tony’s body, checking for injuries. Both internal and external. When he found none too severe, he focused his hands over Tony’s belly, closing his eyes. Tony watched as Thor’s hands glowed white ever so slightly. He felt nothing on his person but he could see whatever spell Thor was using at work.
It took a moment but even they gave in and agreed, “It’s true,” Steve said, remembering many times in the comics where Tony made wrong choices that Pepper had to quickly correct.
“And I’ll watch for the lovely Virginia Potts,” Peggy said, grinning when Steve and Bucky looked at her in surprise. “What? Just because I don’t advertise it doesn’t mean I’ve never read the comics. I was quite fond of Pepper. She was one of the few strong woman in comics that came out in the 40’s. Besides, without her Anthony and James wouldn’t have survived for half as long as they did.”
“You overthink a situation out of proportions,” Rhodey said, as a matter of fact, believing it. “You see stuff that doesn’t happen. You assume the worst, and you end up pushing yourself further into that dark part of your head. You need to stop for a second. Stop, for now, calm down and breathe. Can you do that for us?”
He set his trusty travel boots next to the pack. Stuffed the small pockets with his personal necessities. Tooth powder, a comb, his favorite oil to soothe his skin after a dip in the water, soap for his clothing, just in case the days lasted longer than planned, and more items he was probably not going to use but never knew when the opportunity would arise.
. And after their mating Tony found himself awake for reasons revealed after his stomach rumbled and he wondered if there was anything available in the kitchen, and if not, could he possibly make something without waking the others up and without causing a huge mess.
The sounds of clattering metal rang around them. Their packmates all took off the heavier pieces of their armor, leaving the lighter material that still offered protection for the night. Tony jumped a little when one set of armor landed too close for comfort. The culprit responsible smiled at him. Proud to have caught him off-guard.
Useless - just as he was currently. Unable to move from his spot. Unable to say a single word or defend Pepper from the many surrounding betas that have them cornered against the waters that had been so important to him.
“Must be someone famous.” Tony leaned back from his spot sitting down and waved at a beta that ran by. “Hey, what’s going on?”
It isn’t fighting for justice. It isn’t striking with his shield in the name of right and defending against wrong. With honor and pride.
“Staaark. Tony Stark,” Janet tested her tongue on the name. Each repeat sank his heart lower. “Stark, Stark,
In one effort and without breaking a sweat the wall began moving. It cracked on the sides from where they stood and began descending inward. Tony and Pepper watched in amazement as slowly but surely the wall continued further in, changing what they believed to be a simple door with a small space into a dark tunnel. With each step Rhodey took there was an echo of stone scraping on stone. Further and further they entered, the tunnel expanding deeper than what was structurally possible. Soon Rhodey’s breathing had a notable grunt in it with every push but he continued. At one point Tony saw how in the start of their walk the floor was leveled out but now his and Pepper’s hair were falling forward and their steps expanded.
The omega held himself straight. Chin up, arms down and marching proudly. While he didn't radiate threat, he didn't radiate defenseless either. Not with the way he kept his face serious and his body language calm as he willingly walked into the danger many in the village, passersby and travelers, including the
He looked away, not daring to run and earn Steve’s attention faster. He smelled and heard the fight continue. The whines of his attackers and the cries of pain they created and Steve’s snarling and growling. The noises didn’t last long. Soon, they died down to nothing but quiet whimpers that eventually was joined by rushed and uneven footsteps that slowly disappeared. Tony steeled himself for what was to come next, ready to endure and ready to do what he could to give Jarvis and Vision a running chance.
He smiled against the fabric of his blanket, hiding it from view. He was so giddy from just the thought.
Steve and Bucky continued their game, and at one defiant act by Steve that involved him pulling back the coat and burying his head inside it in order to hide and pretend to be asleep again, Tony snorted, louder than ever before, and he couldn’t stop the following strings of laughter.
Tony felt his dragon wanting to lash out and, in a strange phenomenon, he felt emotions coming from the beast. Emotions he wasn’t familiar with and felt foreign to his body and yet at the same time completely natural, as if he experienced it everyday.
Hands pressing on his back made him still for a moment, if only because he was curious as to what Steve was planning. He made a curious sound when those hands circled over his shoulders and down his lower back.
“Oh, he’s enjoying it. That’s for sure,” Clint chirped, returning to his task of grooming Sam when the beta whined and pawed blindly at him.
Bruce offered him a grateful smile, his eyes shining in familiarity. Three or so minutes later and he appeared ready to continue and they walked down through the trees after the same route they had taken the previous day. The closer they got to the open spot next to the river the more the fluttering in Tony’s chest increased. His palms were sweaty and hands were shaking and his hunger was momentarily forgotten, pushed in favor of the nervous feeling in his stomach.
Tony switched his gaze over to Bruce, understanding what the coyote was implying. He was more than happy to switch the attention and the teasing over to his fellow omega. Especially since Bruce had hardly received any of it.
Fout more join the agent against the wall. They avoid touching or stepping on anything. The other agents heed Winter’s advice and backtrack outside. Then the camera focuses on the Avengers again. Hawkeye now has the tranq gun, readying it as he, Widow and Winter get just a little closer to Steve’s form. Thor, Falcon and War Machine aren’t far behind.
“Probably,” Tony repeated and he found himself thinking… “but why Iron Man? Couldn’t they have though of something more… shorter?”
“Are you serious?” Tony blurted out. His eyes narrowing. “Do you both genuinely want a relationship, or are you just playing around?”
Tony smiled. There was no pain, no discomfort, nothing but a want that was finally sated for the first time in so long. “None whatsoever.”
“What if I do shift and the Avengers can't stop me? What if one day I rampage around and end up hurting them and innocent shifters because the other guy can't tell the difference from enemy and friend? What if I hurt you!”
“We ask,” he continued, “to travel with you.” He may have been an alpha, but he was still only part of the squabble in the pack. To demand would mean hurting their cause. To ask would mean showing respect. Rhodey went with the smart choice.
“We have four hours to catch up on our sleep now,” Bucky adjusted himself and laid sideways on his bench of seats. “Keep watch first or should I?”
Not exactly the truth but the angle Bruce was playing his explanation off on made Tony realize the discomfort he was showing wasn’t real at all. It was all an act. Bruce wouldn’t have been humiliated about the Hulk. If anything he’d be cautious and his body would be filled with tension. He was doing it on purpose, playing on the humiliation to make the Avengers focus on what he wanted them to believe instead of making them suspicious. And from the way all the Avengers seemed to wince in sympathy Tony knew his act was working.
The sounds of footsteps returned and through the door Steve appeared. He was calm and collected, or at least from the outside. After hearing what Jan and Sam had said about Steve’s protectiveness Tony had to wonder if on the inside Steve was still on edge from smelling his distress pheromones. The guilt returned immediately afterwards from causing Steve to react to them.
“I think Natasha has taken a liking to your friend. I might not survive the night if she hears I separated the two of you.” Steve faced Tony again. “We'd like for you both to join.”
Tony always remembered walking past the shacks. It was during trips where his entire (ex)pack traveled together across the land. They would travel through territories in order to show off some new merchandise to possible clients and sign contracts to supply the packs with weapons and more. That was how Hammer’s pack (not Tony’s, never again Tony’s) gained wealth and status for being a reliable supplier of top-notch weapons. Of course, most of those weapons were created by, yours truly, Tony, but with Tony being an omega and the pack being led by Hammer it was natural for Hammer to gain all the credit. It left Tony to forever be known only as Hammer's omega. Nothing more. Nothing less.
A little girl, no older than five and surrounded by adults openly talking about their title as omegas, was pointing at them. Awe and curiosity in her eyes. Besides her stood a woman that radiated alpha and held her chin high. “They’re just there to care for the pack, sweetheart. They watch over the den.”
Turning his head he managed to make out the outline of Bruce’s figure behind him, resting back to back. A movement near his stomach signaled Vision’s presence and when he lifted Steve’s blue coat he was still wearing he spotted Jarvis curled up next to the little machine. Vision’s blue eyes lit up the inside of the coat and aimed at Tony. He gave a quiet questioning whistle.
She didn’t wait for a response. She marched right outside without looking back, and Steve followed after her. He did so suddenly and without warning, it left Tony a little shocked and standing alone with the brunette.
,” Steve chided as the Commandos laughed. As if sensing the hurt and the growing insecurity Steve wrapped an arm around his shoulder and gave a squeeze of comfort. “That’s enough. All of you. I don’t need you scaring him away.”
Steve was sitting on the edge of his bed, head down on his crossed arms over his knees. He was sniffling, clearly crying, and it prompted Tony to move quickly. He kneeled in front of him and placed his hands on the alpha’s knees. “Steve…”
“And so the dragon and his pets have returned,” one of the hydra’s heads said. One of the two facing Tony.
. In his mind, he would always be second when measured to all, but his mind wasn’t all minds and the minds that mattered the most wouldn’t allow him to devalue himself without a fight.
“Actually, Tony, Steve didn’t ask me for permission either,” Bruce added, a smirk growing. “I don’t know how I feel about you both sharing a room together.”
“I still don’t understand how you’re here. What about your military pack? You weren’t discharged, were you?”
A couple of days after their stay at the small Inn Tony found himself sitting on Steve’s lap in yet another Inn that offered baths for those willing to pay extra for their turn. While Tony considered himself high tolerant when it came to traveling the roads in dirt and sweat, he’d never pass up the opportunity to bathe and wipe the grime off when given the chance, especially when copulation had been involved sometime in the middle of the journey. One of the few things he had been thankful with Hammer. His disgust to unpleasant scents and unable to mate with Tony until he was fresh and smelling of daisies.
“But I do. Look, I can go into detail about my life story but we’d end up taking the whole night and the next day by the time I get to the point where I explain I’m not a great omega.”
Tony’s hand shook without his consent and he knew he probably had the beginnings of an omega smelling of fear. He closed his eyes instinctively. He learned long ago with Hammer and Obie that if an alpha was angry they would lash out, either physically or verbally, and the instinct to cower when it happened was something not even Tony could fight against. Hammer enjoyed the smell of fear he would release. It usually appeased him enough to spare Tony from the blunt of his words and his backhand. It was something Tony relied on in order to lessen the pain, even if it happened against his will and purely on instinct.
“Yes, I am well aware, but this is not meant for you. Anthony, upon our first meeting your physical state had not been hard to miss. Many of the pit had treaded lightly around you, choosing to not poke at your insecurities.” Tony’s eyes grew wide. “Is it safe to say your physical state had been from malnourishment while living with your previous pit, as opposed to the canine shacks that some of our pit mates concluded?”
Natasha nodded, indifference expressed but the slight crease on her brows told another story. Before anything she turned to their leader, showing respect. “Do you permit it?”
They were quite a sight for the village no doubt. The rumors of new shifters in the Avengers proving true and the long heated debate of omegas being part of the war pack finally being put to rest. There was no denying what many have witnessed and the shifters who were adamant to say omegas would never be included in a war pack would promptly be silenced when word would inevitably spread across the land.
“Aah, I'm real, I'm real, you made your point, let go,” Rhodey pawed him, exaggerating his pain. “You're going to yank my ear clean off.”
She smacked his shoulder playfully. “None of that now. I don’t know what I’d do if you suddenly became pompous like those antiques who call themselves businessmen. I’ve dealt with enough of those to last a lifetime.”
When the crowd began to grow smaller in size, Tony knew they were nearing the finish line. All the wandering bodies were gathered near the barriers, hoping to see the racing centaurs. Which meant Tony had room to breathe momentarily.
Therefore, this meant plenty of foreseeable speeches down the road until Rogers finally got tired of wasting his breath. Tony had now heard the ‘Captain America is disappointed in you” spiel so many times that he’d learned to easily tune it out. Similarly to how he’d learned to ignore the board in meetings and old Nicky’s briefings. Not hard and easily mastered.
“I don’t think you understand what you’re saying, Tony,” Stane took one step forward, “or understand the consequences that will follow. You’re tired and confused and need your alpha to help. Let’s go home so you can get proper rest and a clear mind.”
