“I just though… maybe there is a bit more than that. Well look, Clint here...”
“This! Why don’t you stay on the truth? You could say things simple, like… When you told me about the soldiers in powdered wigs and silk stockings and that metrothing? Why didn’t you just say you are a poofter?”
Grant began to thrust harder and Steve began to bite into Tony as he screamed in pleasure. Grant clenched his teeth and grunted at every thrust he delivered into Tony. He get Steve begin to hump his backside.
“What!” Tony heard Schmidt hell out.
Tony stands up. “ Do you mind telling me what the fuck is going on? Why you two are so chummy all of the sudden and why are you two being such fucking jerks?”
Tony grabbed them in his hand hastily as he heard the what sounded like people
Bucky glowered. “ Fine,” he grunted out, “ But only because of Sammy.”
Wade just grinned. “ I wanted to see my favorite spider and deliver his care package,” he said As he held up a plastic bag from that Mexican restaurant he always went to.
Peter laugh. “ He certainly is.”
Nat quickly whacked Clint in the back of the head.
Strange sighed, “ How long have you been feeling manic?”
“No need to be polite. Just say the bastard is good to go so we can send him to the police. They would love to hear that you raped the son of two beloved American heroes.”
Steve kissed under his chin and began to kiss a trail lower and lower. Tony began to pant heavily when he realized the finally destination. Steve fed himself Tony’s  cock that was still in his hand. Tony made a stuttering sound when he felt Steve swallow it in one go.
“ He’s not a psychopath. I love him and you should respect him.”
Steve growled and nuzzled Tony’s leg. “ Can we just send him to Wakanda until we find something to make him remember? I don’t want him near you.”
“ Well you need to hurry up, I’m not getting any younger.”
“ Nat you know it’s me right?” Nat gave him an indifferent look before rolling her eyes and facing forward again.
“ Really a Hydra agent having honor. Don’t make me laugh. I’m surprised you haven’t killed me or Tony-“
He heard a loud sigh. “ Stop the puppy eyes and move over.”
“ Yeah but I’m not a psychopath like him.”
“ I’m in my forties, not fourteen. Why would I be in an arcade?”
“ What was I supposed to say to the reporters. I really don’t Believe in gay marriage or this gay thing.”
Tony sighed and tried to come up with a plan that can accommodate his new resident.
The man turned to him. “ Oh god... you thought I was a robot! I thought all that dirty talk was just some role play but you actually thought terminator was fucking you.”
Rhodey pocketed the device when he was done.
“ Busted,” Loki loudly whispered.
“ You had it.”
“ To handle the dear old Commander If thing get out of hand.” Schmidt said.
Tony rolled his eyes. This had been going on for two weeks. Every time Tony  roughy it up, Steve would just say they would get his friends later until today he decided to go and get them like they were just some groceries. It didn’t sit well with him. They were his friends.
“ No, you go.”
“ Well we can always try more cardio,” Steve suggested.
Tony was surprised that no one went looking for them as they were supposed to be on the debriefing meeting, but the two soldiers wanted to take a detour.
“ Do Really expect anything less from Clint?” Tony turned and saw Bruce standing there. Well... not his Bruce. He knew he wasn’t home. This was someplace else. This was somewhere were Nat was still alive and the Avengers took orders from the Red Skull. And apparently joked with him as if he were there friend.
He was going to kill Bucky.
Tony looked worn out too as he gave Bucky a hug. Steve was still glaring at where James left as he tried to calm Jamie down.
“ Which reminds me...” Howard yanked off the head peace roughly off Tony’s head, “ I’ll keep this for now so you won’t get into anymore trouble.”
“‘Wow you two need to work on communication.” Sam drawled.
“ Got it!” He said victoriously as he held up some condoms and a bottle of lube.
Steve was looking real uncomfortable.
Tony nodded. It was then Jarvis walked into the room and wrapped a warm blanket around Tony shoulders.
“ Can you believe all the things we have to do today? It’s ridiculous! How are we going to get everything done today?” Steve whined as he brushed Tony’s hair.
Tony sighed. This was his worst lay ever.
Sam held a finger to her mouth when Tony turned to her. She then whispered lowly, “ Sorry they have super hearing.”
“ Was Howard not Iron Man in your world?” Nat asked.
“ Are you okay? What’s the matter? Tony? Tony!”
“ Exactly. Now stop calling me them. And for the last time the answer is still no.”
“ Sams a big girl and Tony can keep her company. As for you punk, you are coming with me.”
“ Do you still want to?” Tony asked.
“I don’t know but he put it in his mouth and he licked it and he did this sucking thing and it felt really good and he seems to enjoy it. I wanted to know if it was normal.”
“ Uh-huh. I’m pretty sure he’s not the one that is uncomfortable. Are you uncomfortable Tony?” San asked him.
Bucky frowned but let go of his leg.
Loki gave an exasperated sigh, “ It’s just one test.”
The two were on their feet now, pummeling each other.
He shasayed over to Steve and placed a hand on a bulging bicep. Steve ignored him. Oh he knew how to solve that. Tony  walked in front of him and lowered himself down to his knees as he reached the zipper. Steve jumped in surprise.
Bucky looked at Tony with a surprised expression and paled.
“ Harry you’re a great guy, but I have a boyfriend.”
Morgan gave a low whistle. “ Damn Peter. Remind me never to call you goody two shoes ever again. You’re dating a merc and you’re also banging a pretty hot side piece; I’m impressed.”
“Jesus Christ,” Tony groused as he pinched the bridge of his nose.
“ So, How is paradise with two super soldiers?”
James snickered. Peter glared at him.
They fucked on the bed, on the floor, on the couch and in the shower when they were ready to wash up. He was so tight. When he was riding him, he moved like a dancer. When he was under him, he was like a wildcat. Scratching his back and moaning in pleasure. It had felt even better when he finally knotted.
Peter squealed in delight and placed a kiss on Becks lips, “ We are going to have so much fun! You aren’t going to regret this I swear.”
“ Peter Wait!” Harry squeaked as he grabbed Peters hip with his free hand.
“ Did he tell you anything?”
“ Come on babe, do you really have to talk About another man in bed? You know how jealous that makes me.” Iron Man pouted.
“ Don’t worry there will be others. You are a good looking, smart and kind. You are the complete package. Anyone will be lucky to have you as a boyfriend.”
“ We will discuss that. Just promise me you won’t hurt anyone else or I won’t mind helping them dispose you.”
Steve smiled and threw his arms around the metal shoulders.
‘Yeah right,’ Quentin thought.
“ Because I had accidentally hit him in the head with my face when you two surprised us.”
He really needs to be around normal people.
Sam, Bruce, Thor, Natasha, Tony and Clint were all in the gym.  They were haphazardly dressed and all look as if they were trying to still wake up.
“It’s ok. It’s no problem Tony.”
Tony stared at him for a moment. What the hell was going on?
“ Hey,” He said softly, “ Have a late night again?”
“ I guess grape juice it is.” Steve chirped happily. Tony will soon understand how there were meant to
“ What the hell are you doing here?” Steve growled as he draped a possessive arm over Tony’s waist.
Tony glared over his shoulder.. His face was so close. Tony could feel his soft breath tickle his cheek.
“ Beck!” The voice caused him to cringe. Oh god his head. He needed an aspirin.
“ Ewww. No. He’s our age. And let me tell you.” Morgan mouth the words oh my god. “ He Can pound my ass like no tomorrow. Yesterday he held me up against a dresser and I thought I was going to die and go to heaven. He is gifted with that dick of his.”
She threw her arms around him and held him tight.
Tony glared at him. This was no laughing matter. These people were evil if they thought they could stuff him into a onsie just because they happen to be the parents he always wanted.
“ So like a siren,” Pepper asked.
“ Yeah when hell freezes over.”
Running.  toward the door.
Tony felt himself blush. He actually said that out loud?
“ I’m glad you like it. I hope that makes it easier for you as you try and acclimate here. We have other humans like you here as well. They are all pretty nice and you should be able to make some friends. We are going to meet some of them for breakfast. I’m sure they will like you.”
“I am fine.”
“They bid me to ask you slyly are we talking about biblical Cain. I assume from their tones they don’t like much about the man.”
“Alright, what was it? Was it the Kardashians? I said to Bruce we should leave them out, but he insisted. Oh well.”
“Whoa! That had to hurt!” Fury said aloud when the shield knocked Clint first from his feet, then Captain finished the treat by clocking him. The archer collapsed on the floor his face bloody, just a few seconds after he had joked that Captain should kiss Stark and earn him twenty bucks.
They rode the elevator to the basement floor. Tony’s workshop was there. Steve expected to hear some noise, like machines, and noise he heard. He wasn’t sure if Natalia was joking with him when she called it music.
It really was Steve, and it was not a baby-sitting call, they had gotten a message from the Richards. The problem with the equation hadn’t been solved, but Sue Richards had invented means around it. They had first thought the nanotech markers were the same in the both universes, which would have made tracking them impossible, but then Sue Richards had noticed some minor, but very distinguishable variation from the samples. They still needed that equation to send their guests back home, but for tracking Antonio this was enough for the moment. The Richards had been launching microprobes all over the area, and there was already some positives. The data would be sent straight to the portable locators Tony did for them last night. That meant the team was going to meet on the roof in five minutes.
“Phone? Yes, writing is difficult though. Maybe people nowadays have smaller fingers”, Steve wondered, dropping his gaze to his massive paws which were still holding the cup. He pushed it to Tony’s hands. “Natalia taught me to use coffee machine too.”
“What are you suggesting Nat? That they are secretly planning inter universal terrorist strike? That this was an infiltration attempt failure?”
The giant seemed not too eager to follow his line of thinking. There was that buzz of talk and then:
“Clint, try to focus here. Did anyone else notice he called me Antonio. Smells like a parallel universe stuff to me, don’t you think?”
The problem of their plan was that Barton should have been able to make himself invisible. Not just to execute the act but also because seeing him seemed to make SteveToo even more determinant and murderous, if that was humanly possible. Only thing on their side was that Clint knew the perimeter better. It was still dangerous game. Tony tried to keep Captain busy with his repulsor blasts, but it proved to be unbelievable difficult to hit a target when you couldn’t harm him in any serious way. A full blast would burn SteveToo’s face away or broke his spine under his protection gear, so Tony was being careful and that was like trying to play Jenga your better hand tied on your back. He had made SteveToo cover repeatedly, so maybe something was gained. But Clint hadn’t yet been able to find a good position to shoot his tranquilizing arrow.
“I have always painted. I was a sickly child, asthma and other lung problems. There wasn’t much else to do than my books and drawing. Most of the time we couldn’t afford oils, though. There was only my ma and I. My father died before I was born.”
Tony had left his tablet and grabbed their arms, pulling all three of them together.
“You know it is not a potbellied pig, but a real thing”, Natasha reminded them. “An adult hog will weigh eight hundred pounds.”
“That, my friends, was a bulls-eye hit from an original bazooka”, Stave said calmly. “Nat, inform Fury we need neighborhood cleared asap. This is not going to went down peacefully.”
“Tony, what is it? Is it bad?”
Puppy dog eyes shouldn’t be sexy when one was having sex. Somehow Tony pulled it off. Tony’s smell, his taste and those noises he made were driving Steve wild. His heart was beating like a drum, and if Tony had that moment asked anything, anything at all, Steve would have done it. And there was no risk to hurt Tony, was there? Barton didn’t shut up about those blue movies Tony had made of himself and his partners, so it wasn’t like Tony was a rookie in the bed games.
“You must be shitting me”, he hissed, standing up. Maybe some hasty steps around the room helped and he had time to modify his words a little. “Rogers, if you wanted to play an eligible bachelor, I could have vetted suitable candidates and sent them to your doorstep as a candy gram. You didn’t have to take the first available... Stark, you nasty little shit! How could you? Seducing and molesting our national icon! You should know yourself already, what do you think will happen when your wandering dick catches another bounty? Do you honestly think Rogers will be gentleman about it and break up with your whorish ass without any fuss? Shut up!” he ordered when Stark tried to speak again. “I don’t care how much dental you will have to buy after that, but I really mind bad publicity which will fall over your team! After that PR-catastrophe with Janet and Hank...”
Thank god, there was also the other Tony. The inventor gave him a worried look before he started fussing around a fancy looking coffee machine.
“If he indulges himself and prances like a poof, what about it. It is nonoperational. He is in a constant pain. He should do anything he wishes with the short time he has left.”
He took a catch of a little black thing which was thrown to his direction. It was a remote control. Obviously. He pushed the button, which spelled TV. Nothing happened. Obviously.
He forgot the glass walls and the phone call which could watch his every move. The talking wall had told him men married other men now. It was like in the stories Elders told them about the old times. Steve could be openly with any man whose smell and taste made his blood run hot, and it had been too long. Their clothes dropped on the floor like autumn leaves. Steve licked and sucked and finally he bit, pushed himself deep into the man, and if he tasted booze and cocaine and other harmful things, it was not his place to say. It was not for him to judge, because he had been there too, scared of dying many times over, and if the man’s fear was not exactly about that final battle, but about what will happen before that, if he was scared of living and wasting his life and getting older, who he was to judge and say the man’s fear was stupid. Steve didn’t know him.
Alright, Fury said to himself. It was Tuesday. Captain America spitting a severed finger out of his mouth? It was inconvenient, but it wasn’t a visit from Galactus, was it?
That gray jumpsuit was too big for her fragile frame. Or maybe it was too big to make her look that way. Her pretty red hair, only stubble left. Fresh bruise on her left cheek, bleeding.
“Yes, Tony we are talking about sex. I thought… these modern woman, they are not always such ladies, and I thought she has told you…. About me, I mean.”
“Yeah, if my Tony were missing, neither would I be comfortable in sweats right now… I would like to be in my full gear, just in case. Here, take these.”
“Of course. Gail, you remember how he used to yap about Leslie Howard?”
He couldn’t sit. He couldn’t lie down. He would have been dead to the world in a second, so he let himself stand in the middle of the room his shield in his hand until there was a knock on the door. The real owner of the room didn’t start nagging when he saw his feeble efforts for personal hygiene.
Janet let go and Captains met in a bro hug while Antonio and his counterpart were performing elaborate hand gestures. “Anthony”, Fury heard Antonio’s saying. “I see you have taken my advice and stopped coloring your hair. Silver is good look on you. How is Pepper?”
That didn’t make it any clearer. “Me?”
when there was a knock on the door.
.” Barton made showy air quotes, and Steve knew what those meant, thank you. “God, I have never laughed so much! The other one kept sniffling until he croaked! I bet he shat his pants too.”
That was 240 lbs stuttering embarrassment right before Tony’s eyes. He wanted… with Tony? Not for Janet… Oh shit, what had she said to him?
Somehow it didn’t seem right. Fortunately, Janet had thought that already.
That Steve Rogers would meet Natasha Romanoff in this particular place, right at this devastating moment, could also be explained by math, but let’s just quote a famous saying. Nothing is ever so bad it couldn’t go any worse, and it did, when Steve heard that familiar, hated voice calling his name. First, he thought this had to be a hoax or a dream. Natasha Romanoff was dead, but still Steve was seeing a red-headed woman coming out of the chocolate shop. She stood there, such an innocent looking little lady, in her snappy summer dress and a white paper bag in her hand.
“There seems to be some damage in his retina. Oh my. I hope it is not affecting his sight.”
There wasn’t indeed much to say about that.
Clint moved a few inches, to get a better angle which proved to be a mistake.
“So what do you think, Tony?” Steve-standing-now-besides-Steve-sitting said. “Some brainwashed Skrull duplicate? Malfunctioning AIM drone?”
They laughed and said they will feed me to an
He liked this new Steve. He liked him. Smiling at him and treating him with such a kindness. Without his finery, beaten up, covered with piss and vomit he was precious. If he had known, he would have let Steve see how he puked into a toilet bowl after his chemo sessions.
“Jake, now is certainly not a good time to shut up”, Janet advised. “If you have some information about the missing member of the Stark family, you better tell us now.”
“Or you can do that”, Janet said. She had just been explaining to him her plan (which had included the use of the front door), but he had waited long enough. “The guy with a short hair. That is the nephew. Whatever you do, don’t knock him out.”
They were going to find Antonio! He had never dressed himself so quickly, the unfamiliar fastening system of the other Steve’s uniform top making only a light hindrance. He had just stepped in the elevator and pushed the button of the top floor, when somebody called his name. It was a pretty brunette in a superhero uniform (those differed from agent uniforms by being more flashy). This one was modest for a woman, only black kevlar with some yellow safety stripes. Probably she was one of those still unknown Avengers the other Steve had mentioned. He started to ask which floor she was going (maybe she was not accompanying them to the mission) and then he almost jumped into the air; the little lady had slapped his behind.
The street was a dead end. Both sides of the road were full of cars, which were so run-down looking that maybe they had been left there in a vain hope somebody would steal them and take them away. There had been no onlookers to see their extraordinary appearance. Maybe they had just watched them from the windows, because they didn’t have to do more than walk across the street, and there was a man coming to greet them. He took a firmer grip of his shield, but the guy seemed to pose no threat; he was middle-aged and tout and more anxious than angry.
He was so used to the barracks the civilian life sometimes escaped him. Maybe it was not acceptable to start changing his clothes in front of strange people, but in front of that shrinking violet of a guy it was entertaining. Banner stuttered and blushed again, ending his back toward Steve.
in your universe? That is epic! It would be fun, when it seems there will be no public executions scheduled today.”
He woke up his head hurting. These people went to sleep, rose from their beds again the next morning. Somehow he had done it, somehow they just did it. Kissed their spouses and children, said their goodbyes, and used the day in labor. The mankind went on, not remembering the bomb but occasionally. Steve went on, because the wall did it for him.
“Yes”, Antonio breathed out. “Yes! Steve darling, it is our first rings!”
“Believe me, he is here, in the City, and he is pissed. He tried to decapitate me with his shield. Fortunately, the bus tossed him...”
Jesus, that smirk. Those lips, those shining eyes… Steve felt himself getting hot. It was a fight not to embarrass himself right there, he was wearing sweats, so protection gear was not intact. But Antonio… he called everybody darling. It wasn’t like Steve was something special. He had to bite his lower lip not to hurl his accusations aloud, because what had Tony promised to him? Yes, exactly nothing. It had all been in his own head.
“He is the leading expert of inter-dimensional travel. Why not?”
They were still side by side so Steve felt as Tony’s arm tensed. “Isn’t that obvious, darling. You seem to like when I speak.”
It was the latter.
“Sure, but I won’t be licking that sheet. Maybe we change it and then take a shower. If you want?”
“I said I will bite him, if that was what he wanted. And I did. A half a dozen times, if I recall. He seemed to want it for real. Most of people don’t like to be bitten, but he liked his pain or just bared it thinking the end result.”
“Oh God, Steve. She is such a cutie”, Antonio was gushing for the tenth time. But Fury didn’t care about Stark, he was looking at Rogers, a growing worry inside his gut. The man was unnaturally still, except nodding at something Stark was whispering into his ear. Fury bet this situation had reminded Rogers of the man who he had to kill to save his teammates and maybe the whole world. A very bad man, calling himself Red Skull. Steve Rogers’s wayward son. The stranger who despite the time or distance had imprinted himself deep into his being. A lost opportunity. A lost love. So much lost because of the war and those shitty decisions only heroes were managed to live through.
She didn’t turn around, but continued watching his eating through the monitor screen. It was a slow process. A half spoon and a sip of milk, then he put the food down. Pushed it away. That seemed not to be enough, so he stepped from the table to the other side of the cell. He had repeated the process again and again. She had been looking at him almost three hours.
He had pulled out of Tony, feeling how the restlessness beat under Tony’s skin. His eyes wandered from Steve to the closet and back. He would need a new shower and new clothes, but Steve knew Tony didn’t think of those things. He had been drinking in the closed while he dressed himself, and now when his Steve-shaped distraction was over, that was the place Tony wanted to be, with a thing which kept Tony going instead of breakfast or afternoon shag.
There was film material about spontaneous victory celebration following the surrender of Japan. There were lots of it, like his jailers thought he had a right to participate in the jubilee, even if it was already done. Damn right, he had! He had done his part. He felt something swell in his heart. It was not pride, because he was not that kind of fool. He had seen what the war was alike, and he didn’t live its rhythm in his blood like that self-claimed god of thunder. The feeling in his chest was only relief.
“Steve!” Clint protested. “So rude!”
“Where is the bed?”
Thanks for reading/leaving kudos/leaving awesome comments!
“It doesn’t matter. I have dozen of sheets, I can spare a couple of them. Just drop that head onto the pillow and go to sleep.”
Antonio was shaking his head a light smile on his lips. “Yeah, darling. We… actually no, but… Alright! Birthday party it is! Anthony, did you have any strippers? Do you see what I am suggesting here.”
“Whoa, I'm so…” Steve didn't get to finish, because Tony turned and sprinted away, as fast as if his life depended on it. Steve, to his surprise, didn't run after him right away.
“Of all people… Even in my wildest visions I never would've imagined that karma would catch the King of Douchebags like this, you finally got what you deserved Stark, this is so hilarious,” and then he was laughing, and Tony was springing forward, grabbing Strange's shoulder and pulling him from the living room.
“You're being ridiculous. Look at me,” a gentle hand touched Tony's chin. Merman tensed up, but let Steve slowly turn his head, until their eyes met.
“Yup, no hurry, Underoos. We won't miss much if Vision was the one in charge of food today,” Tony said, his voice slightly choked.
No, Peter was climbing the reef with a wide smile plastered on his uncovered face. Tony closed his eyes and frowned his eyebrows. “Put your mask on and lower your voice, or tomorrow there will be the photos of your face and my fin with the headline 'The true nature of Avengers revealed! Spiderman's baby fish and Tony Stark is the mama fish!' all over the news.”
“Alright love,” Steve whispered, and warm lips touched Tony's damp forehead. “I'm so sorry Tony… I didn't want to do this to you… I would check on you soon.”
Steve nodded, confused at the question. “Sure, it's not that high, but wh…”
“So… It happened in Australia?” Steve asked, just to confirm his theory. Tony gave him a nod, avoiding eye contact. “And… Who else knows?”
He walked into the workshop the other day and was greeted by an adorable sight - Dum-E and U playing a catch with the Cloak of Levitation, and Tony watching how Strange pulled water from the multiple buckets with his magic and created various patterns with it in the air. The weird thing was - Strange sat on the couch with his hands in his lap, while Tony's hands were outstretched as if he wanted to touch the floating blobs of water.
Steve quietly climbed the reef and peeked over the highest rock on the other side. There was a little lagoon, surrounded by jagged rocks of a reef, with one opening leading into the sea on the other side. The reef around the lagoon wasn't very high, but it did a good job at hiding its contents A few small fishes swam lazily in the clear lagoon, and one big, colorful fish…
“Oof, of course not, Cap! It doesn't usually smoke this much, but since this is a lot of webbing, I suppose it is because of it… But we are safe, as safe as we can ever be!” Peter let out a flood of the ramble.
“Perfect example of the coursebook answer, Captain. It seems I should take care of it myself,” and with those words, he closed his eyes and what seemed like his ghost flew out of his body, now help upward only by the Cloak. The ghost came through the door absolutely effortlessly, and the next thing Steve heard was Tony's: “Are you fucking kidding me?!”
A moment later (Steve would've sworn he had seen the whipped cream thickening at express speed right in front of his eyes) Bruce was the one to check out the vanilla section. “Now it is too cold, my brain is freezing,” scientist complained. Strange rolled his eyes and Tony groaned. Then, the whipped cream unfroze again (and Steve still couldn't believe that he was able to actually see it).
Tony let out a dragged, prolonged sigh. “Don't make me say it.”
“Come on, settle already, I don't want my beloved coffee one ruined,” Tony mumbled, and Strange was the next to dip his spoon into the green section (a mint probably?). “Just an hour ago you whined to me about training. They are doing you a favor,” he shrugged and licked the spoon clean. “Little colder.”
“Calm down, I just...lost a bet.” Tony casually said, slightly wriggling in his cocoon. Steve felt close to a breakdown.
Slowly, but securely, the white ice covered the surface of monster's legs, lower abdomen, and the belly. The monster stopped dead in its tracks, looking down, the confusion written into the blank face. It started to hit still thin ice layer, but it froze again immediately after it cracked. Avengers around followed Iron Man's armor example and quickly retreated, exchanging confused looks - no one knew where this came from.
“Right. F.R.I.D.A.Y., fly me over here. Mr. Parker, you're going to play a drown fish for a little while for the cover. Mr. Rogers, what about you take the poor Ms. Maximoff and buy us a little more time?”
Like the time Tony prepared the morning coffee and in his sleepy clumsiness poured water over the counter and his hands. Out of nowhere, Peter appeared in the kitchen, caused Steve to almost jump out of his skin (Exactly for how long was Peter hiding somewhere around? Holy shit, they just made out on the counter!), only to hand Tony the towel and disappear again.
Steve pulled Peter's mask from his face and teen immediately woke up, flipped on his stomach like a dead fish and coughed up a whole bucket of water. Steve smiled, patted his back reassuringly and then went back to Wanda.
“I sometimes cheat,” Tony admitted, and Steve heard it again.
The excited science sparkle was back in Tony's eyes as he talked about this, and that lifted Steve's spirits again. “And what about those powers you were talking about?”
“Oh my…” Bruce screeched, flashed his eyes on Peter, then on Tony, and then found his reflection in the nearest spoon. “What a moron, I told him not to, no wonder the kid's completely out of himself, I am going to-”
“Bruce corrupting the youth? That's the last thing I would've expected,” Tony's favorite voice suddenly resounded, and his eyes met Steve's. Captain looked like he hasn't slept much, which caused a pained jab in Tony's chest, but his smile was genuine and wide.
Tony breached the surface moments later, with an unmoving Peter in his arms, and without a single word set him into the sand near Steve and Wanda. Then, he turned and set off back into the sky, in a strangely smooth motion. Steve frowned, was Tony really that mad at Peter for talking about Wade Wilson? That was odd. Another thing on his endless list.
“You are telling me that or asking me that?”
A jumble of sounds came out of the lab - shuffling, whispering, even a strangely familiar clicking sound. Then, the door opened to reveal Peter with a suspiciously wide smile. There was a hint of panic in his eyes, that Steve immediately picked up on.
But the strangest thing happened the second week after Tony's arrival from Australia. Bruce happened to come back two days ago, and he immediately went along really great with Peter. They hang out together in Bruce's lab majority of the time, Peter's well of questions for his favorite scientist never drying.
That's why Tony was the last person that Steve would expect to refuse sex with him. Well, he never did refuse explicitly, but Steve couldn't help but wonder why.
You know how it sounds when you phone with someone in the same house? You hear them from the phone through one ear, and faintly hear their real voice through another ear. It is confusing, and it often forces you to shut the door so you can hear just one of those sounds.
“What do you mean?” Steve blinked, hot water clearly lulling him to sleep after the training session. Today was the day Steve resolved and climbed into the bathtub with Tony. Captain's legs neatly fitted around Tony's tail, and his head helplessly fell against Tony's shoulder some time ago, as they enjoyed their quiet moment together in a hot water, surrounded by coconut-scented bubbles. Well, Steve enjoyed it, Tony simply couldn't relax with about million things to worry about.
He could keep his family for as long as he kept his curse a secret.
Steve smirked, shrugged the feeling off and joined his impatient lover. Maybe it was nothing.
“You'll see. Quick.”
“This, of course,” Tony spoke and motioned his hand to the end of a bathtub, where his fin slightly bobbed as Tony moved. Steve frowned and gently caressed little hairs on Tony's nape with his nails. It took all of Tony's will to stay still instead of shuddering and leaning into the touch.
“What was that about?” Steve asked, confused, but got no answer.
Peter tried to use his sticky abilities, borrowed a surf from one beach hut and
Tony gave a curt nod, and Steve quickly jumped down, as if afraid that Tony would change his mind.
Tony, yelling, buried under metal junk and sprinkled with the fire extinguisher, while Dum-E and U whirred around and panicked? Not that usual, but it happened often enough for Steve not to panic and resolve the situation with the cold head.
Steve's lips curled into the soft smirk that Tony loved so much. “You're an idiot. Why would anything change because of this? You can't bear every burden alone, love. As you said before - as Bruce helps you with research, and Peter guards you - more people knowing can only help you. Myself included,” another kiss, this time proper. Tony's inner walls came down for the second time in two days, but not so violently as before. They melted from love and warmth Steve provided.
Tony sank his head under the surface, so he wouldn't be able to feel tears pouring down his cheeks.
Steve moved his leg to stand up, confused beyond anything. He seriously needed to take a breath. His enhanced metabolism, in fact, disabled any basic drugs from taking effect on him, so everything he had just seen was true, not just a hallucination or a dream. This was something he couldn't imagine even in the wildest dreams! He needed to take a break, climb down, check on Peter and Wanda, and maybe then climb back and check if it really isn't some sort of delusion.
Steve quickly turned back on Peter. “Get him out of that thing!” Peter, still looking panicked, nodded and scrambled to the table. He almost slipped on a water puddle, and then retrieved a big spray bottle marked 'WEB DISSOLVER'.
They were in a bathtub again, surrounded by bubbles, this time with Tony on top and Tony's tail snug in between Steve's legs. Steve's hand gently held Tony's chin again, but Tony felt far from threatened.
Hydro-man appeared on the shores of the Long Island Sound, and in the gigantic man-made-of-seawater form walked around the beaches. He destroyed a big amount of woods, some villages, some summer camp, and now he was terrorizing Montauk.
Not only the loss of his friends and family was terrifying, but the aspects of the curse itself also were the material for the new batch of nightmares. The dread he felt every time he could feel a drop of water touching his skin, how his senses dilated to 11 and perception of time slowed down, the whole reality narrowing down to the single drop of water and the clock inexorably ticking in his head. When he decided to avoid water altogether, then the awful dryness and stiffness came. His skin felt wrong, chapped, damaged, until after few days he couldn't endure it anymore and poured the whole bucket of water on himself in the workshop. The transformation erased every single little damage - only to feel heavy and clumsy and helplessly, stretched with his fin across the wet floor, unable to move, as the literal fish out of the water. The chlorine in their pool made his merman and human skin itch and eyes burn, and his list of safe spaces narrowed down to the only one - in the bathtub behind a locked door.
“Steve Grant Rogers, you have a lover with uncomfortably tight pants on your bed, and you hesitate. Does that tent I can see from here make you barbaric? I can think of multiple ways how to avail that better.”
“It might help, but certainly not when our favorite jet Mr. Barton wants to play water polo. Besides, Spider-Baby doesn't know how to swim, and I don't want to teach him with the possibility of Wilson and Barton drowning him for fun the second I turn away. Have fun and make sure F.R.I.D.A.Y. records the best moments,” Tony said and closed Peter's door into Rhodey's face. Rhodey turned on Steve and sighed. “I guess this means Tony won't be joining us either, and that means that I don't have to put out with Sam and Clint teasing my swim trunks. We need another referee than Vision, or by the dinner, no one would be talking to anyone again.”
“Rhodey, Vis, let's try and cut off douchebag's head. It would maybe just piss him off, but I kind of want to piss him off,” it was definitely Tony. But how? Well, Steve, of course, knows that Tony's suits can be remotely controlled by headsets and glasses, but why would Tony not be in the suit right now? Had he injured himself? If that's the case, why didn't he say something, or alert them? Since when he is hiding here? So many questions, so little answers.
“Alright, alright, calm down, I was joking, it's fine,” Tony quickly intervened and massaged Bruce's shoulders as he heard scientist's voice slightly deepen. Thor's smuggled hickey definitely wasn't something Bruce should hulk out over. Bruce relaxed under Tony's hands, mumbled some more curses, and leaned over his eggs again. Peter snorted first, and Tony couldn't help but laugh too.
Steve wasn't sure if Tony learned those puppy eyes from Peter, or if he always had them in him and just yet didn't find anyone who would submit to them. Well, there was. He gently kissed Tony's cheek, not caring in the slightest that Strange watched them, not from his own body again, with a judging look on his face. “Of course, love.”
As the majority of the issues in their little Avengers household does, this problem also got sorted out on the battlefield.
“...All over me?” Tony smiled as he sipped the wine, and Steve abruptly stopped, a little scandalized by his boyfriend's amusement.
Peter removed Tony from the ceiling, and Steve swiftly caught his boyfriend in his arms. Peter jumped down and sprayed the dissolver around Tony's body, slowly tearing the webbing from him with the free hand. Steve still felt the uneasiness, how worried Peter and Bruce seemed. Why though? They shouldn't web Tony upside down on the ceiling if they were worried for him. Wasn't Tony heavier than usual though? And were his legs always this long? Or was all just because of the web?
But now, Steve couldn't help but notice the desperation hiding behind their closeness.
“Peter? Are you alright? What are you doing there?” Steve asked and knocked on the locked door, concerned when he heard Peter's voice from Bruce's chemical lab. He didn't hear Bruce, so he thought Peter was talking to F.R.I.D.A.Y. or his own AI. Peter usually made his web-fluid in Tony's workshop, because it wasn't that difficult and he liked the company. A thought of a teenager locked in the fully advanced chemical lab wasn't pretty, no matter how smart the teen was.
“You sure, Tones? I think he looks fine, plus water could help him with the overload.” Rhodey seemed genuinely worried, but also a little fed up with his best friend's stubbornness.
Tony took another gulp of his coffee. Of course, he already knew all this. “No, but he… Did leave… Greetings,” Tony looked Bruce in the eye and scratched his neck. By the basic reflex, Bruce did the same thing. Scientist's eyes widened at the phantom pain.
But no one knew that. No one could know that, so he shoved all of his struggles behind the mask of a narcissistic sarcastic egoist, as he did many times before. He was successful. No one knew (well, except Strange, who obviously had to stick his long nose into Tony's things), that meant no one would abandon him. He let himself go only two times, with the people he was most certain would never misunderstand his curse.
“Well, you should come out. Vision said the dinner is ready, and I haven't seen any of you all day long. Now I know where you were, but I still have no idea why.”
“Strange somehow found out on his own. He explained it as some movements in the magical field around the Compound, so he researched and found out. Then, I told Bruce… I had to, I was going crazy from the scientific absurdity of this thing. And Peter… Found out on an accident. Found me like this once. Funny story. I'll tell you someday. But I really could use him - he is the only one from the gang able to lift me, except maybe you. This thing…” he moved with the tail, and fin splashed, “...is incredibly heavy.”
“As if I wasn't fucked up enough before, another wonder happened to me, and now on the top of everything I am a fish. Freaking half fish on the bad side of forty full of as much trauma and daddy issues as is humanly possible! But no, it's completely fine, because that clearly doesn't bother you, even though I can't figure out why, that's not by far the worst thing. I just couldn't tell you, how could I? I never planned to do so, it was a stupid accident! Your reaction was quite different as it should be, but I don't feel relieved, I can't afford that, because eventually, you will realize that I'm a freak that's not worth it, too much trouble, so far from what you really deserve-”
Steve did nothing to stop Tony's desperate ramble, until now. Quiet, disbelieving question cut the waterfall of words in half.
“I know you can't be okay about this.”
“I may be an idiot but I'm your idiot,” Tony whispered into Steve's lips and pressed another kiss in.
“I doubt so, Underoos,” Tony panted. Steve has been watching his boyfriend for a while - instead of choosing a steady position and only making a move when dodging the big water arms (like Rhodey did), Tony was constantly moving, shooting unexpectedly, and expertly dodging every drop of water. Steve didn't know why he did it - all of them were completely soaked wet by now, even Vision. But Iron Man’s armor had next to none water on its surface. The constant movement clearly exhausted Tony, and now, when they were stripped of their successful members, he had to multiply his efforts.
And thanks to that, Tony saw the reason for Peter's bewilderment - the huge purple love bite on Bruce's neck. Tony pursed his lips. “Yeah, sure, why not,” abandoning quiet Peter's side, he walked around the kitchen island to pour himself some fresh coffee. Just after he downed the first cup at one go, he was able to continue. “Thor's back?”
The next was silence, interrupted only by several bubbles popping. “I'm not mad,” Steve breathed as he moved upwards, sitting and straddling Tony's tail. Big blue eyes tried to catch Tony's, but the merman suddenly found the bathroom's rug much more interesting. “I don't believe you.”
“ Oh Mr. Officer please do.”
“ Little love, you need to eat more. You’re so thin!” Maria said as she shoveled more of her home made spaghetti on his plate. Apparently she had thought he was definitely underweight as she had whipped up a large potion of spaghetti and meatballs, garlic bread and cheese ravioli.
“ Well if he loved them, he should have time to grieve.” Tony said. “ I mean I’m guessing the guy was the one then who commissioned the statue in the park.”
He smiled sheepishly at him.
Tony raised an eyebrow. “ Safer? What the hell are we about to do? Jus to let you know I don’t have a death wish.”
“ So beautiful baby. Just goddamn gorgeous.” Not-Steve moaned in a sultry voice.
Tony screamed as he felt that thrust hit is prostate. “ Like that! Just like that!”
“ Maaayybe,” Tony replied.
Tony sighed and nodded.
Tony sighed. “ I’m just doing this besucase I like you. You better appreciate it.”
Hi, thanks for all the lovely comments and I hope to continue hearing from you all.
I just handed him a gun and told him that we were breaking out. I probably should have shot him but with him being a super soldier it probably wouldn’t have done any good. Anyway while we were fighting our way out he told me he never seen a woman fight like me before. I had just ignored him at the time and told him that we were going to be picked up at the rendezvous site.
He pulled himself up and wrapped his arms around Tony. He gave a small rut with his hips.
The blonde man sighed. “ Ok I’ll help and clean up. I’ll order us all some pizza.”
How did Tony always find himself in these messes?
“ You are very cuddly aren’t you?”
“ I guess you have to get that?” He asked.
“It’s alright Sammy, come here.” The woman look unsure as she stepped toward them demurely. The brunette held out his hand and she took it as she sat on the couch.
Tony noticed the table set up in the dining area. It was covered with a red table cloth and the food was neatly placed on top. The lights overhead were also dimmed so that the twin candles on the table were able to shine brightly.
“ Tony please talk to me. I’m so, so sorry.”
“ I’m glad you like it.  This is your space”
“ Tell me about it. Captain America doesn’t give any mercy when it comes to grounding his children.”
Steve smiled. This was his Steve. Steve in a plaid shirt and chinos. Steve who didn’t drink and went to Sunday service. Steve who fought against Hydra. The Steve that he knew.
Tony places his palms on Steve’s thighs and began to caress them gently. He needed him to try and want to do something else so that he could ease that monstrosity into him maybe some oral, get it nice and wet, before it goes into him. Or maybe a hand job or two. That way he will be tired out and maybe he won’t be as rough or Bette yet not put it in him at all.
“Ha, you handsome bastard”, the other Steve grinned and made a little circle around him. “This is so odd. Like looking at the 3D mirror.”
“Contamination testing”, Stark said.
“And this other matter our Tony mentions? If it is true, I don’t want any high school drama. Again”, Fury added, giving him a meaningful stare from his only eye.
“Hey, Fury. Are we idiots, or what! Why didn’t we think the most obvious solution first? What if Rogers is a mutant? There was no gene test for it back in the 40s.”
“Home.”
It had been just some guy. An ordinary man, a thirty-something electrician, who was writing how he had been thinking about suicide, but if a man from the 40s can live his life as an openly gay man so could he and his family and relatives be damned.
Steve wasn’t going to dignify that with a proper response. The other Steve took that as an attitude which it actually was, and retorted in kind:
The man didn’t say anything. Not a thing even if she left enough time for him to react.
“Hang in there, buddy. We are almost home. We can think this situation like rational adults and sip some sports drink, maybe that’s is, are you dehydrated? This is a quite sunny day, you know, and you in your helmet...”
“I guess nothing so dramatic, Sam. Last time this happened, it was a bird. It is hard to miss a bird sitting in the air... Never mind. Nat, talk to me. Any damage?”
“Wow! And I mean... wow! Clint Barton, Captain. Sir. Code name Hawkeye. I was on a mission abroad, when… What I mean... wow! No wonder Stark couldn’t keep his fingers off of you.”
“Honey, they were in that other universe. Steve has told us all about it.”
“Home”, Tony mumbled. “That was awfully big word you used, Steve.”
“Stark, shut up.”
Lots of maps, soldiers, airplanes, and people talking. Great offensives Steve had participated, but hadn’t understood in their whole meaning. Then finally, there were surrendering German soldiers. The Soviet flag flew over the
It took a few seconds for him to understand what Barton had said.
Why was she talking like that? Like she cared? Maybe he would be easier to murder in his sleep. Hopefully, he didn’t say that one aloud. Probably he did.
Sam slid his hand between the cushions and showed his finding to Clint. “No, that is his. It’s Steve. Put him on the speakerphone.”
Banner nodded. “How do you do it? Is it meditation? Some other spiritual form? It sometimes looked like you were praying. Is that it? Faith? I was just wondering, could it be something you can maybe teach me.”
The other Steve looked like he really meant it. Maybe Steve had planned to charge him, and the leader of the Avengers had noticed that, of course he had. Maybe Steve could win him in a battle when the guy didn’t have his team to back him up, but either way, it wasn’t helping Antonio. Who was an ass, and Steve was still mad at him, but…
“Grease?”
“Yeah, it is nice that Stark is good for something at least”, Barton barked out a laugh. “You can’t know, but the guy is like some reverse Frankenstein. Rotten doctor and his noble monster.”
And there was Fury, hoping just opposite. Captain let out a raspy sound, which could be laughter.
Had the other Steve heard his moaning and panting? Of course he had, the enhanced fucking hearing. Just as he thought his humiliation wouldn’t go any deeper, and the other Steve, sitting there like begging a fist into that mug face of his. But he couldn’t do even that, could he? The Avengers had let them stay, they were taking care of Tony even if Steve had let them no reason to act so charitably. What if he now went ballistic and they thought it was the last straw? How could he help Tony only by himself?
Stark? The inventor who made Steve his shield? That was his son?
“Why do you always have to do this?” he huffed, frustrated.
“Tony”, Steve was saying. “Tony, try to open your eyes. We are there. We are almost home.”
Making fun of him? This had to be some hallucinogenic gas or spell or some other wishy-washy thing Steve hated. Still his reflexes were faster than his brain, and even if his mind told him it couldn’t be Natasha Romanoff standing in front of him, his shield was already flying. People didn’t take cover, duh, it was Captain America. The nation’s own vintage hero, who in Cosmo’s interview had confessed he hated violence and guns, because of the war, you know. So don’t show your gun to Captain America, but what if Captain America shows his first? And when had he started carrying again, anyway?
“Yes… No!” Tony was screaming. “Should throw this on your smug face and…”
“I don’t know… isn’t Stark engaged to that Potts woman...”
It took all his self-control not to wreck the place. Only thought about how him loosing it wouldn’t help Antonio kept him at bay. Janet seemed to sense his state of mind, because she didn’t come closer but stayed near the garage door.
The place reminded him so much about Antonio’s fancy mansion, but on the other hand it wasn’t the same at all. This was surely a place which hosted strangers, and there were marks of them all around, little things people sometimes left behind when they moved away. The elevators didn’t work so he used the stairs. The upstairs rooms were soon browsed and he didn’t wait much about the search of the other living quarters either, but there had been a sturdy metal door which lead to the upper floor. He left it for now and descended to the sub levels from where he found the training faculties. Was this the place the Avengers had lived and left to theirs missions? It seemed likely.
“Let’s… what is that?”
“You mean ego… So yours is also narcissistic dingbat?”
“Tony, I hope you realize this can’t go on.”
“Is it far?”
“If they were alive during the initial transfer”, Doctor Heller returned to his favorite subject. “If their bodies weren’t instantly destroyed or transported to the place occupied by an alien race, which all seem to be hostile toward humans for some reason, there are numerous other dangerous element to consider. The anomaly may had left them to a place there is is no atmosphere or gravity, or if those are suitable for human, there could be other extreme elements: hot, cold, too much water, too little water, no suitable animals or plants for consumption. That is to say, even if they ended up in the paradise or among primitive, friendly aliens, even that would not be enough knowing Mr. Stark’s medical condition. The absolute best we can hope for is to get contact with Captain Rogers, which is, as I previously stated, very unlikely. Fortunately the scoop doesn’t differ between living or dead tissue, so we are probably getting something of them one way or another, dead or alive, intact or in pieces.”
“Hey! You are supposed to be dead… For fuck’s sake, what a mess! Jake, bring some rag or something.”
It was the fact he was somewhat badly hurt. His head… maybe he was just imagining this conversation, because… What… Potts woman? They couldn’t mean his assistant, could they? And... Iron Patriot? Sex tape? Why did they think he was somebody else? Was his face so badly mangled he was unrecognizable?
Oh how he kissed him! The men was so pretty, and he hadn’t tried to take anything by force. He had just asked and bribed. There was no harm to give up. Steve had nothing more to lose than his pride.
What a pitiful sight. Could it soften the monster’s black heart?
Let’s put things in layman’s terms and say there was a blinding light. That white column of vibrating energy was invisible to everybody else than the travelers themselves, and when Steve and Tony ended their journey, it seemed like they appeared to their locations from nowhere. Why were those locations almost ten miles apart, thought they had left their universe one in the arms of the other, could be explained by reading the footnote five in the research paper Reed Richards had written with Victor von Doom when they both were freshmen in university.
“Darling… don’t feel so good… Can we t-take… a rain c-check, please? Could we just g-go home?”
The Avengers. What a strange name. What would they be avenging? “Yes, we too have a team, and Tony and I are part of it. We are called the Ultimates.”
That too took a few moments to register. “Whoa! No!” he shouted, separating himself from Tony. “When you mentioned Richards, I thought you meant Sue! Are you mad?”
“Yes, Nat. A good point. Now, maybe… should we call Fury and ask him to remove that… whatever he is. Shit, maybe I better…”
“I didn’t lose anything. I won in the lottery. Jackpot.”
“He has a brain tumor.”
“No fist in the face yet”, Rogers was mumbling. “Maybe he has started to mellow with the age.”
“You don’t like my eyes, Nazi filth? Huh? I bet you like my teeth even less.”
The other Steve looked at him through the smoke his eyes squinted. Maybe it was indeed because of smoke but probably not.
“What is with the attitude, Captain? Or do you think ditching your original colors would wash away a chain of command too?”
Why not? It was not that his dance card had been full recently.
“And then this other Steve Rogers”, Fury mused. “About who Captain Rogers gave us quite obscure description.”
Steve growled like an angry lion, but his fingers were already on the waist of his sweats. Tony had kept his tone light and teasing, and when the running shoes and pants were finally away, the soldier was smirking back, a douse of mirth of his own playing in his eyes.
The Avengers Quinjet was hovering over the said coordinates, in its stealth mode. Natasha copied the both reports and turned to pass them to her team leader.
“Have a seat. I bet you are starving. The others have already eaten so no need to save anything.”
It seemed the only smart one among them was Ralph, as Steve had named the piglet Fury gave him to eat. Ralph learned to use the piggy toilet they made for him and followed Barton around, waiting the tidbits he carried in his pockets. That little traitor.
There were times Fury wanted to grab the labels of Tony’s expensive suit and shake some sense into the man. “Didn’t you hear what I said? Your vintage poster boy just killed your teammate. Not to mention he tried to kill us. Jesus, you have been only fifteen minutes without booze, your brains can’t stop working already.”
There was a smudge on the plasterboard. He had lost it momentarily when the doctor lady listed all Tony’s injuries. He should have hit that Anderson bastard so much harder!
Bonding with the others didn’t went so smoothly. He got Fury’s idea, put men into the barrack to sleep, eat, shit together, and you get yourself a natural born team.
“What, Steve?”
“Alright, nice theories, but my gut is still telling me that this is all some kind of huge misunderstanding”, Janet said with a determined wrinkle forming over her nose. “What do you think Sam? You got any feelings about them?”
“Stark, it is relief to notice at least you have your head still tightly inside your ass as usual. Captain Danvers, I think the interrogation has ended. I will inform our bossed we have our heroes back and alert the PR-department. You two ladies… fuck! You two men. You go home, and no PDA before you make a public announcement about your relationship. Or what the hell you call that what you are doing. Friends with benefits?”
“It is still hot. I wouldn’t recommend that action.”
He had no idea how long he had been lying there. Maybe it was already time for hallucinations, which were this time the nicest part of his withdrawal symptoms, they made him imagine Steve calling his name.
Steve didn’t need much rest anyway. He could go almost a week without any sleep at all, but he liked the weightless feeling of unconsciousness. When he didn’t have bad dreams.
He fell back until he was able to touch the rear wall. Then he turned around and pushed his forehead against the glass, put his hands behind his back; a standard stance of prisoners everywhere. He indeed had been a captive before.
Only a light squinting of her eyes told Steve the red-headed spy was not pleased to be dragged to the conversation. “I was”, she admitted. “It was to examine if there was something else going on behind his public face. Director Fury wanted me to estimate if he could work as a part of the team. I was with him almost three months. He didn’t pass.”
“But Steve burger? With Tony stuffing?”
Antonio Stark was confused, to put it mildly.
He hadn’t thought he was so obvious. Maybe he wasn’t to anybody but to himself. Or
There was indeed one figure Steve hadn’t met before. He was wholly covered in red and golden metal armor and seemed not to be interested in taking the initiative. More like Doctor Banner then, a shy fellow.
At least there was that one gesture he could handle. He turned back to the TV as the rhino guy run through a brick wall. He didn’t seem to have an armor, that shell was his natural skin. That was strange, maybe he was some kind of mutation. Then there was a green winged vulture… His costume looked like the one Blackie Draco used, but this guy seemed to be a geriatric.
Maybe he did, now that Steve thought about it. He had never seen Antonio home or in the meeting without a glass in his hand. But that was the way the men of his breeding behaved. Aperitifs before dinner. Fancy wines with food. Some cognac afterwards. Whiskey or brandy and a good cigar...
He didn’t get further before he was interrupted by their team leader who was now wearing his Captain Face; grim, determined lips and cold, squinted eyes. “Clint, what have you done now?”
“I was thinking if you have seen them show a special lamp above furniture and suddenly they can detect there have been blood stains...”
The ventilators were already sucking the gas out of the room. When the panel on the wall blinked from red to green, Fury gave his men an order to proceed.
“I have a w-wound. They made me bleed, said it would… but you are not going to... A-Aren’t you?”
“You all right, Steve?"
Too close, and it hadn’t been a question. Steve felt how the heat started climbing from his chest to his neck and face. “That is not...”
“This is mine. You can take a shower too. Help yourself with the clothes you find in the closet. I will be in the kitchen doing us something to eat.”
“I have to apologize”, the man said after Tony had dressed himself and left. “This was not how this was supposed to go. We don’t usually lock people up and then jump on their bones. I know how persuasive Tony can be and… Are you really alright?”
Tony looked in his tuxedo like a candy in a stick. And Steve was sure he didn’t look so bad either. Antonio Stark was supposed to be a lecherous idiot. Nobody would consider it odd Tony was checking him out. Or something like that Steve tried to tell himself.
Oh god, Steve will be so pissed off at him! But he couldn’t help himself, he was already pushing his lips against that radiating cheek, looking for a mouth, a new born puppy searching for his mother’s tit. Steve pushed his forehead against his to keep him still.
“Thank you, old buddy.”
“Well, it could...”
Antonio nodded again. His lips moved, but the sound coming from his mouth was so tiny, Steve had to bend to listen, and he didn’t like what he heard. Not at all. That was Antonio all reasonable. Saying he would die anyway. Because of tumor. That Steve should go back and say… something. Lie. He was such a guy. Nobody would believe Captain America was a pansy, Tony was ready to take all the blame. Steve had been loyal to his teammate, there was no reason they wouldn’t be lenient because of that. Steve was from another world. Didn’t know their customs.
Clint turned to watch Captain Macho to go, and saw that Falcon had come to the kitchen. Sam was standing beside the fridge. He seemed frozen, a half-filled glass of juice in his hand.
“I meant I can give him to you if you want to pet him. I though to ask first because you don’t look like a farmer’s daughter. More like a fancy lady. Moody little missy.”
The speculations stormed wild for a while. Some romantically orientated were flashing the possibility that Rogers and Stark were decided to quit their day jobs as national superheroes and eloped together, now living in some remote place, keeping a gift shop and helping cats out of trees. They had found pictures were Captain looked at Iron Man more keenly than was necessary if they were only comrade in arms, changing details of their next strategic decisions. Those pictures were impressive as an evidence, if one didn’t know the intense stare Rogers was giving was in truth his usual angry glow to his annoying teammate, and Stark would in no circumstances be satisfied with only one dick, even if it was bigger than his own.
He was lying there, on the mattress the guy put him. The shit trick, the shit trick, the guy had repeated, those bastards didn’t leave you any clothes. One time I got so deep in dept too.
“I tried to put you down to avoid this one”, Janet said calmly, rubbing her arm which had been squeezed under the edge of his shield.
It had been three days. Director Fury of SHIELD had the team’s reports on his tablet. That included the on-going parallel universe incident as the set was called. Doctor Richards hadn’t still been successful in his ways to sent their surprise guest back to their own universe. And then there had come the team’s re-mach with Count Nefaria to consider. The Avengers had gotten their asses kicked, and Fury and Steve had been cooped up in Fury’s office to evaluate the situation. Now Director had finally time to re-read the medicals of Antonio Stark he had gotten in the morning, and take some action according to the results.
“You mean… child molesters?”
The pint hit the table and Thor stood up. “Let’s go, Warrior Monster! Let’s show them how the real warriors fight. You can use all your might and those unique weapons you possess. Unlike these Midgardians, Thor, son of Odin, has no water in his veins.”
“Yes, my wife always says I will be lost in my own head if I am not careful. What happened to Reed Richards you know… it seems I have to heed her advice with more accuracy in the future.”
The others. Steve wondered the taste which still lingered on his tongue. Would Tony be there too?
Steve had stopped his rampage, permanently like. He had let them kill Gail’s son. His son. Steve had never talked about him to anybody except the other Steve during one of their rooftop meetings, and that was a conversation he didn’t want to repeat ever again.
Tony, his name was Tony. Steve wondered if it was a shortening from something. Anthony or maybe Antonio. Tony looked he had some South European blood in his veins.
He could honestly say nothing had hit him so hard before. Not even a full blast from the tank. Without his shield he would have been only a stain on the floor. It was now obvious Thor was not a human as Steve had thought. Maybe all what he had said was true, and he was really a god.
“What do you think he is? A hedgehog or an elf?”
She halted as the scene at the kitchen table finally registered in her mind. Maybe now was the time to say something. Apologize. Yes, the silent storm brewing on that pretty face demanded apology, preferably right now. He almost raised his hand like a kid in the classroom.
As Steve had already realized, everything was so different in here than in there. So their homecoming party came, and no final decisions had been made.
Well, that solved that riddle.
“You can keep using my facilities.” The other Steve had moved to walk by his side, as if expecting him to collapse in any minute now, which wasn’t very far from the truth.
She restrained herself until they were alone in the kitchen. Bucky was taking a little nap in his favorite comfy chair while Gail and Steve were putting away dirty dishes and remains of the food. Or Steve was doing the heavy lifting, and Gail was sitting at the kitchen table, telling where she wanted things to go.
“That’s right folks. Not naked and covered with goo anymore. Much more comfortable for my naughty bits this one.”
Rogers wasn’t Natasha Romanoff’s greatest fan, and Fury knew the matter bothered the super soldier. Black Widow of the Avengers universe had done nothing wrong against him or Antonio, it was the other way around. She had been a great friend. Or would have tried to be, if Rogers had let her. He if anybody was an obvious case of guilty conscience.
“Yes!” he shouted, jumping up on his feet. No idea what for. This was not a baseball game, this was the war all over again, even if those idiots didn’t always see it. A war against everything that threatened their way of life and values, it felt so good to pummel those urban terrorists, a battle he could win, so unlike all those other things he wanted to handle with his fists, but couldn’t. Those annoying or scary things in this new era. These idiotic and useless devices, women wearing ugly clothes or almost no clothes at all, men like upright propped tapeworms, children with no respect. Thank god, there were still some sane people left who thought like him. Men who wanted to be men, not some…
“What he hell! You are not Tony Stark! What have you done to Tony? Where did you get that armor?”
Meeting with Fury went surprisingly well, but there were other things which were not so mellow.
Steve started peeling an orange. He had turned sideways to Tony, counting in his mind. His bulge was clearly in sight as he put a slice of the fruit into his mouth and popped it with his left fang. The juice trickled down his chin. He wiped it away, licking his fingers clean. What else would his tongue be licking, Tony could ponder about that. The man had lost all the pretense of a cool indifference and stared at him like hypnotized.
“Yes, we love you too Tony”, Antonio was laughing, still studying the rings as if they were priceless treasures. “Missed your sweet fifties too.”
“Sam, he shouldn’t have been alive”, the more squeamish one said, his voice tight, as his friend stopped the saw.
“No, of course not. Don’t worry.”
This time there wasn’t any pain, but something weird and scary instead. He landed, not on those equally hard surfaces, but on a something soft. It took him a few moments to realize he was standing on somebody’s leather-clad palm.
He halted his circle. The other Steve was looking at his comrade, his eyebrows tight. “Tony, maybe now is not a good moment.”
“Yes”, Natasha admitted. “She had forgotten a company meeting, and… Steve?”
That confession made her cry again.
“Steve, you didn’t mention any girl. Except that other Natasha and other Janet, but you weren’t talking about them like a man in love. I know that you and our Janet were close, but well, she is still married to that no good husband of hers.”
“Doom… isn’t it that van Damme fellow?”
“Your fist into our faces. And then interrogation and torture”, Rogers said at the same time.
He didn’t need to ponder that one out. “Alright. What will we do to the arm? Do we just leave it here?”
“You were the one who wanted to make a blue movie out of me”, Steve reminded.
That made his thoughts halt. That always made his thoughts halt, made him feel tired and small and confused. Unworthy and stained.
Another shake. Tony really didn’t. He could be a regular acid tongue, but usually only when a person really deserved it. He had never been like that with Steve and that was so strange about it. Why did Tony have to start now?
“Your gift seems to be badly received”, Fury continued. “It will take a few days we can try that synthetic blood Bruce is testing.”
“Well, I don’t know”, Sam hesitated. “All that sound plausible, but...”
And that hadn’t felt bad at all. Hadn’t felt like he had been left out. No sir. A roomful of smashed furniture in Antonio’s mansion could tell a different story, but nobody had asked them.
“We are in the SHIELD quarantine faculty in Texas. The others are waiting for us in the meeting room.”
“Yes. I am from Brooklyn.”
There were lots of extravagant costumes or almost no costumes at all. Steve with a striped, multicolored flag painted on his cheek, kissing a guy with brown, longish hair.
“Banner, what is it? Do we have a problem?”
Tony’s brother, Gregory Stark, had taken over Tony’s company in his absence, and if his voice stuttered and eyes got watery gleam when he saw Antonio waltzing into his board meeting, it wasn’t because of brotherly love. Such drama queens, both Starks, but scorn they had always felt towards each others was mutual. It was a mess which would take weeks or even months to uncover, and it took Tony three whole days of intensive work with the company’s legal department to even get the process started.
“It wasn’t like that”, Steve protested. “I liked the comedy.”
No screwball comedies then. “He likes coffee”, Natalia mused after listening their conversation. “Yes, that and a sandwich could do him some good. Let’s go and see him. I have to ask him to date my bracelets anyway.”
“No?” Stark quirked his eyebrow, giving him a knowing smile. “It took you last time little less than a princess and half the kingdom to agree.”
“Oh God”, Tony moaned, closing his eyes. He was going commando. Steve let his hands roam over Tony’s hips and ass, which he remembered to be so nice and firm. “Oh yes”, Tony wailed, as Steve pushed his trousers down to his thighs, sliding onto his knees in front of Tony and nuzzling his groin with his nose and cheeks. Oh that smell and warmth! It was driving Steve wild. Taking a good grip of Tony’s ass, he licked the side of his member from top to root. Tony trembled when Steve’s breath caressed the wet stripe. Satisfied with the response, Steve took turns to lick Tony’s dick and balls and nibble his inner thighs with his teeth. His fangs pushed, but didn’t break the skin as Steve sucked dark dots on that smooth skin, teasing them both by pulling blood closer the surface.
Poor sod. No wonder he was so messed up.
Steve cleared his throat. “Sorry about not coming right back… after the shower. It is just so… Janet and I.”
“No Tony! You don’t understand... God, forget Janet, would you! I want… with you, yes I really do, but I haven’t been with anybody. Not really. I have no idea what to do. And I want it to be good for you. Not like…”
“You like this, Tony? How about we turn you around? Can you put yourself on your hands and knees on the bed?”
Oh Tony. So smart and so stupid at the same time! He took that flailing arm and gave a kiss to Tony’s already sweaty palm before pushing the hand against his cheek.
She was already stepping into the elevator again. “Yes, dear”, Tony mumbled, seemingly not noticing her departing. “Steve… Or at least Steve”, Tony urged, still pulling his arm. “Come here, quickly! Reed wants to talk with you.”
“Steve… I think I fell asleep. How long was I out?”
“Now help old woman into her throne”, Gail ordered. Steve pushed a wheelchair next to the table, but changed his mind and lifted Gail into his arms. She giggled like a teenage girl.
“Don’t take the shirt.”
“Barton, you can shut up now”, Fury was saying. “Captain Rogers.”
That guy was seriously starting to get on his nerves. “Tilted lovers”, Steve scuffed. “That is your reliable source? There is always propaganda and rumors.”
Somebody grabbed his hair. A rough and wet cloth was moved all over his face and then the fingers released him again. His neck muscles had just enough power to let his head slowly down onto the cement floor.
Steve sighed. He had gone through this with Tony, when the man was still drinking. The addicts were hard to be friends with. Even when they were only not so close acquaintances, like friends of his friends. Maybe it would be better for Steve to forget the whole mess. But of course he couldn’t. He was Captain America. Always fair, always trying to make it better for everyman.
“Sir, are you trying to make me feel at ease? Please, don’t waste time. I don’t need any kind of explanations. I am going to the bathroom to take my uniform off. The sooner you get on with your analyzing things, the better chances for Tony to be alive.”
It took almost two hours. The runner’s jacket had a logo. Every person they encountered would remember that black and yellow shape, not his face. Without his iconic helmet and shield he was just an ordinary blond beach boy jock as Antonio used to call him. Nobody looked at him twice when they stopped at the gas station, bought some water bottles with the money he had taken from Barton’s wallet. Antonio ate a bit chocolate too. That at least was a good sign.
“Alright… You don’t look like you are going to give your condolences. I guess there just isn’t any progress.”
Normal alcohol had no effect on Steve. This was something else. Asgardian fire wine, Thor had called it. Steve felt a light alarm when he realized he too was starting to be God’s honest drunk. Thor proved to be the type of man who cried into his pint. He was also a man who took any opportunity to boast about his prowess.
He heard how they talked in that little device the thunder god had in his ear. They were buzzing like busy bees.
“Don’t go sassy with me, Captain… Antonio Stark should be stable. Get his captain out of that room for a while, will you? Drag him at least into the shower, the staff is starting to complain. Then you could take him to the movies or maybe a run. Just get his ass up from that chair before he starts to mold.”
“What I don’t want, darling, is your self-flagellation. It gets boring after a while, don’t you think? If you want to be disciplined, I will gladly lent you a hand or a whip… your behind would be quite a sight with those glutes rosy-cheeked, don’t you think?”
“Hi Pepper! Yes, I know I am late from the meeting. You guessed right, I am in my bed. Yes, with Steve, but listen... Pepper, stop screaming at me! Steve and I talked and… Look, I know you have a list of suitable rehab places if I suddenly come to my senses, and… Yes, Pepper. I am alcoholic. Just like my dear old dad, but unlike him, I think I have had enough now. No, I can’t make any promises, but I want to at least try. Yes, long overdue. Pepper, please don’t… Oh God, now you started crying! Pepper, I am so sorry. I’ll call you back later. Please, buy yourself something super expensive with a company card. Bye!”
“I think I found him”, Sam’s voice interrupted them. And for the record, Steve had been almost as bad. Looking that other Steve strutting around annoyed him, because it made him remember how lost he had felt after waking up from the ice. Everybody he had known just a few months (seven decades) ago were dead, and he was stranded without a mission, in some strange future world full of powerful mutants and aliens who could wipe floors with vintage model supersoldiers.
Steve had to snort at that.
That was putting it generously. Escaping the SHIELD base had been easy, he had just put Antonio in the wheelchair which had been standing in the corner of their room, waiting Antonio to recover enough to be moved. It hurt Antonio to sit up, but they had managed, and Steve had pushed him first out of the building and then into their transport, the whole time waiting alarms starting to blast and military dressed people pointing their guns at them.
“How do you do it?”
“Ah, so warm”, he sighed, pushing Steve’s palm against his cheek. “Could you kiss me now, darling?”
“Clint...”
. (Yes, Clint, keep those air quotes coming!) No wonder divorce rates are what they are. If young people are exposed to that kind of filth, after some twenty years nobody will take matrimony seriously anymore. What next? They want children to play house? Or play with, you know. If I had gotten my hands on them first, they wouldn’t have needed any trial.”
“You will be late, Tony.” Steve popped a new slice and Tony’s breath hitched. “You look hungry though. Missed your breakfast. Want some?”
“Yuck! A total turn off. I have never liked when Wolverine does his thing. Super bones and healing factor, check! But… the gas, Fury. It is designed for Hulk, for fuck’s sake! It may kill Captain.”
“No… don’t… please...”
“D-Dante. Who is that?”
Was that… no, that couldn’t be with Janet, she would… Of course. Gail. Those cute innocent bastards... Maybe Steve’s former fiancee had thought the sex wasn’t supposed to be for a woman any less a sacrifice than what their men were giving in the field of battle. This was starting to be too much. Were was that famous silver tongue of Starks when you really needed it?
“Do you remember that New Year’s ball?”
Fury sighed and took a better hold of the railing. After the thought had come into his mind, keeping himself upward had felt like an effort. These were the moments he really felt his age.
It was already late when they got home.
“Alright.”
Was that a trick question? “He was hurt”, he repeated. “I got his visor up and his head was in my lap when I tried to check out if he was still breathing.”
That didn’t work out so well. How else would she have ended up here? In the glass cell with a monster from the bed time stories her
“Goddammit Clint!”
What wouldn’t he had given to take it back. That’s right, nothing. In his own universe, Antonio Stark was one of the wealthiest men in the world, in top ten, actually, but here he had nothing of his own. Even the cloths on his back were a courtesy of their hosts. The accommodation, the medical care, the food they were eating, everything. Still, it had felt like he had gained so much, that he had all he needed just in his hand’s reach. It had worked, hadn’t it? Until he had opened his stupid mouth, and said… something. He wasn’t sure what it was, but Steve had left his bed and he hadn’t come back.
“Now than you all had stretched your gossip muscles, we should continue”, Fury stated. “As Barton said, the media can be problematic.”
“That may take more than our lifetime”, Antonio sighed. “Please, give him our condolences.
That was an address better know as the Avengers mansion. It was empty now, had been abandoned for years after their team relocated itself into Stark Tower.
Something in the set of her mouth… the colors of her uniform… the Wasp! She
“Cut the crap, Rogers.”
Antonio Stark came around his head pounding. That was nothing unusual per se, he was a friend of flashy parties and those bedtime after parties, even if he was not particularly fond of those day after gatherings which usually included just him and a toilet bowl. Nowadays there had been less and less those nicer activities and more and more the unsavory part. But shouldn’t it still be almost a week for his next chemo? Was he now getting nausea both before and after the treatment? How convenient.
Steve nipped that other ass to drive his point home. Tony whimpered, turning to look Steve over his shoulder. He stared at him for a long seconds as if trying to find falsehood from his words. Then Tony reached to his nightstand and grabbed his phone.
“Yes, yes, I am suiting up as quickly as I can. But if this is some prank with Barton...”
She had heard during the call how Tony was putting on his Iron Man armor. He was much faster now than in the beginning, this version of the armor was easier to use, but it would still take almost ten minutes for Tony to get himself ready. Then a few minutes for the flight from the Stark tower and finding Natasha. She could hide but was Steve so messed up right now he would hurt more civilians if he didn’t find her?
“You are one vindictive little bastard”, Fury sighed, watching as a gleeful smile widened Tony’s lips. “Why not to give your old man some slack.”
Steve submitted, knowing what they both had been thinking. “I just don’t understand why you are pretending it is not you but some machine. All those films...”
“No need.” Steve was now on the spot to assess the situation. “Clint, guide the medics to the second floor. Let’s wait until their examination before trying to move him. I think he has at least a few broken bones and I don’t like the sound of his breathing or that wound in his abdomen. It seems to be deep.”
The leftover pair had frozen in the couch, their game forgotten. Janet stepped calmly forward and took a remote control. The screen grew quiet.
It was stupid and it didn’t help anything. But he wouldn’t have been himself if he hadn’t even tried to sink his fist into his counterpart’s face. That went as well as all of his doings had recently worked out, except the other Steve didn’t throw him from the roof as he had promised.
The SHIELD bases were lacking imported whiskeys, so Tony had taken his flask with him.
“A dirty boy”, Tony admonished him. The corner of his mouth quivered as if he was in a verge of laughing.
This time his landing was more successful. He dropped, spin, and jumped up on his feet in one fluid motion, in his regular size again, as Janet had promised. They were on the roof of some apartment building. According the records Tony had found, Anderson junior lived on the third floor.
Too soon the straw touched only the empty bottom. The other Steve didn’t ask silly questions, but pushed another drink into his hands. He emptied it too, and after some sixty ounces of that calorie-rich tastiness, his stomach felt more at ease.
“Sometimes”, she admitted. The teeth were pulled back then, retreated inside his gums.
“I am sorry. You are so like our Steve that I keep forgetting I can’t act like that with a total stranger. We tease each others all the time... But honestly, how is it? If we meet some difficulties, are you able to keep a cool head? You realize you can’t go ballistic during the mission even if you are beside yourself with worry over Antonio.”
“They are on their way”, Tony’s voice said on their comm. “Clint and I will be there in a couple of minutes, start looking.”
The other Steve was now shaking his head. “No there is not. We still don’t know what those are. But if this Antonio was as badly hurt as you suspect, we have no time to waste. Let’s hope that the Richards family is on Earth.”
“You are a glorious sight, darling”, Tony was mumbling, petting his hair. “Let it come, let it all out, that’s right, sweetheart, look at you go. You are flushed, darling, do you know how much effort it takes to get a supersoldier all sweaty and trembling. That’s right, fuck my hand, Steve, think how good it would feel if it was my tight, lubed hole, or my mouth, oh darling, the things I could do to you with my tongue, you would like them, I bet you would. That big rod of yours, getting bigger and bigger and all that dreamy desert, for me to taste, for me only, until it is so much my mouth can’t hold it but I can’t just swallow fast enough either...”
“Tony, do you know...”
Antonio was starting to be fine, actually. Little tired still, but the wound in his abdomen hadn’t been as deep as they had first thought and his other injuries were healing as expected. He just felt… he missed his fancy drinks, but doctors had said he couldn’t drink while taking the meds and they had then given him more meds that he wouldn’t miss his drinks so much. Or something. Steve didn’t quite understand that whole thing and Antonio didn’t want to talk about it. Of course he didn’t flat refuse Steve’s questions, but the way he dodged them was quite telling.
“Tony, do you remember what we talked about? About those things Barton told me?”
Fury was pushed from his musings when Rogers rushed forward. His target was the only woman in the group, a sweet looking brunette. He lifted her in his arms, turning her around like he was five year old dancing with his favorite rag doll, and what, tickling her. She giggled in delight and slapped Rogers’s behind a few times, which made him laugh. Captain Danvers gave out a surprised gasp and even Fury felt his jaw slacken a bit. He pushed it carefully up and gritted his teeth for a good measure. But sweet Jesus! Captain Grumpy acting like a happy little kid. This was too bizarre to be real.
“Gail, you naughty gal! But how did you know it is Tony?”
He woke up again with an unpleasant feeling of his body swaying. A car, he thought, probably the back of a van. No use to shout out, and if he was honest, maybe he didn’t want those who had found him to know he was conscious again. He should stay alert and watch and…
“Yeah, but before that. How come Nat… Is she okay?”
Tony giggled. Another prime camera shot. “Many of them will be like that, you know”, Tony said in more somber tones. “I hope you have thought a lot about this. We can still say you lost a bet. Laugh this off.”
Steve seemed to understand. He came closer, Antonio could feel the moist of his breath on his skin. The warmth, which his weird super metabolism produced, radiated from him as if he was a star, and he really was, a liquid sun, for planet Antonio to circle and taste…
Somehow he found power to turn the shower tap. He shook under the water until his feet gave out and he collapsed on his knees. The water pouring over his head and nose made him gasp for breath.
“Yeah, alright, but what if...”
“May I…” Tony was saying, tugging the waist of his sweats to make his meaning clearer, and probably he grunted something unintelligible, which Tony interpret as a yes, because next thing he knew, his hot skin was exposed to the air and Tony’s ministrations. The temperature change felt good for some reason, it almost made him come, but on the other hand, maybe any trigger right now would have leaded to that endgame. He didn’t want to think how dirty he had to be looking, there on the bed, his sweats and underwear halfway down his thighs. Maybe it was a dignity thing, but also because it would be a real bust to come from a blue thought alone when there was so much Tony to feel: his clever hand touching his balls and dick while the other reached his neck, pulling him down to continue those interrupted kisses. It was almost too good, this innocent double penetration, Tony’s probing tongue in his mouth and Steve pushing to the circle of Tony’s fingers, and it made him come almost as soon as it started.
“Brother Monster, I have made that same mistake myself!”
The locator around Janet’s arm looked like those wristbands which people used while making exercises. “I had to turn the alarm off. This whole area is infested by your Tony’s nanoparticles. The strongest signal seems to come from that garage. Maybe we should start from there.”
Steve had been in a war, seen guys acting this erratic when they were stressed out and bone deep tired. He didn’t comment and Tony pulled his shirt back down, took a few staggering step towards metal door, which had been hidden behind shelves full of storage boxes. It was a private elevator. They rode in silence until they came to the right floor. Steve had not been there before, and it could be his other teammates had not been invited either. The rooms were big but scantily furnished, sporting no other colors than whites, grays, and brows. Steve’s mother would have been scandalized. For her the place would not have been a home at all, looking like that, but Steve had already seen stranger things, maybe it was how rich people lived nowadays, or Tony just didn’t care. His bedroom consisted of a walk-in closet, a nightstand, a big bed and not much anything else.
“Fury, that thing is Captain America. You can’t keep dismissing him.”
“Oh, don’t look so horrified. You don’t have to. I just asked if… forget it. I just wonder… Nat, our Nat said I smell of cancer, but she was speaking rhetorically, I think. I wonder, with your enhanced senses… do I smell obnoxious to you?”
“That’s the thing, Doctor. I would be the worst teacher you could find, or maybe the best, I don’t know. I was praying, yeah, that is what we Catholics do when we are taken prisoners by the Nazi collaborators. Or what we thought were… Yes, I talk with our Lord and because he is usually occupied with more important things than my whining, I ask Holy Mother of Jesus Christ to put me in the waiting line. They teach these things in Sunday School. You don’t need me to manage that, and I am a lousy example of Christian virtues anyway. Maybe try that other thing instead.”
“Yes, Antonio. What is it?”
His words made the man’s face blush and the blood bump in his veins. Somebody calling his stupid? Saying him no? Was that all it would take to make his breath catch and manhood swollen?
“Jake, shut up!”
Now Steve let out a little happy smirk which in a few days would be on the cover of many magazines around the world.
“There is a monster inside you? This Hulk you mentioned?”
, Fury had time to think. Where were those sparkling vampires who idled their days away pining over little high school girls? Why did Fury always get only that other kind?
Doing it… He had been such a good guy! Why was it so cold? And why did his chest hurt when he tried to get more air into his lungs?
It was at least 40 yards to the ground. Rooftops, balcony rails or asphalt. Happy landing, indeed. His old mama always said you found things you have left behind in front of you, and usually at the most inconvenient time possible. Yeah, he had showed off, who super soldier wouldn’t, he himself had said that almost exact same phrase and then jumped out of the airplane, but it had been hard to brag afterwards when you had to walk with a broken leg almost ten miles to their next stop. He had never before seen Bucky so pissed off at him and only a few times after.
The man on the wall was upset about his crying? Wait a minute! How could film people see what he was doing?
Where could they be then? In space?
“We are… Hey, were you able to finish your candy round? You didn’t say did you get my...”
That got Steve’s attention. “Who is that?”
Steve stood up again. He had made his decision.
“I see. The Asians are extraterrestrials in your universe?”
Fury didn’t answer. If the glass broke that thing with Steve Rogers’s face would be the last of their worries. The pink mist filling the room would kill them both before those teeth would be anywhere near their jugulars.
Somehow that name rang the bell. “Pepper…”
He sniffed his nose empty, but there was no new smell in the air. Nobody had come to his cell. He raised his gaze to the wall. There was the movie again, but the narrator was this time a dark haired, handsome man. He even had the cute little beard Steve usually saw only in the historical adventure movies.
“Got no water, pal”, the guy mumbled, already halfway to his chemical-helped dreamland. “Go to sleep.”
that kind of Tuesday. Curtis let out a brief scream and jumped backward so fast he bumped with Doctor Banner. The body on the metal table had taken an audible breath which ended with a coughing fit. Then it sat up and puked out seawater and few brownish slumps.
“Steven Grant Rogers”, he said politely and couldn’t not to add a silly moniker of his own.
Later Clint said he let out a manly grunt, but those who had witnessed the incident remembered it differently. A high-pitched scream shot through the comms, and then Clint was falling from the tree, his both legs pierced by the bullets. Only a few moments, and SteveToo could have ended his life with a single round. Fortunately for Clint, Iron Man was faster and SteveToo had to take cover again. There was still an acute need for distraction, and Steve decided to make it by rushing to the open space between the garden and the main building.
His tirade was interrupted by his associate’s derisive snort. “Does he look like a professional soldier to you?”
“I didn’t break anything. So, this is Iron Man?”
“Oh, now you mean to lift Mjolnir, Warrior Monster? Hear me first! Only those worthy can lift my hammer and use it with a power of thunder. The bravest of my warrior companions can’t move it, so what hope do you have?”
“You made all of these yourself?”
“Antonio... Antonio Stark. Don’t try to move...”
“Steve! So you are canceling your road-trip, huh? Did Fury call you back? Do you need any help?”
It was a face again, a telephone call with a moving picture. He recognized the negro officer who had shot him in the science lab. “Stark! You idiotic little shit! What the hell do you think you are doing!”
“You seem to be awfully calm, darling. Are you really okay with this? Your arms feel tense. If you are going to faint, big guy, I am probably not capable of keeping you upright.”
Of course it had to be about
Tony was a weapon manufacturer. Of course he knew how a hand grenade worked.
Maybe that was over now. Nat knew her past was far from clean, maybe there had been some dark secret she had forgotten or thinking insignificant. What if Steve had found out and decided she needed to be punished. Once and for all. By this. Whatever this was. (Nat herself would have used some untraceable poison, but Steve had always preferred more straightforward action.)
There were other veteran associations denouncing themselves from those decisions and asking Captain Rogers to join them as their honorary member.
“Don’t keep eyeballing me like you have accidentally bitten a lemon instead of orange and found it rotten. I potty trained our Steve in the modern western values myself. I see your Janet hasn’t still finished her job.”
“S-Steve”, he stammered, like a damn kid his hand in a cookie jar… yes, it would have been a good, old-fashioned euphemism for the act he had been considering.
“How did it end up there?” she wondered.
Yes, Fury know. So there was a team in that parallel universe, lead by that other Captain and organized by that other Fury (and wasn’t that the most creepiest thought today) and it contained peoples like their Ultimates. The archer. The Widow. The Wasp. The Falcon. Thor. James Buchanan Barnes. Who in that universe was called the Winter Soldier, and who was not a tiny old man, but a tall thirty something with lethal assassin skills and prosthetic arm which crushed metal as easily as a desperate writer crushes draft papers.
“Your date is gone, Captain, and it seems he took Stark with him. I mean the other Stark… Shit, I am starting to sound like those idiots. They found Barton. He is still unconscious. Have you heard about lunch breaks? Or coffee breaks? It seem the guy in the monitor duty has this part-time job as his mother’s therapist and priest and confidant, he had been on the phone most of the day… Fuck! He didn’t even notice when Rogers clocked Barton and stuffed him into Stark’s bed.”
Steve stuffed two bars into his mouth at the same time and wolfed down one of the sandwiches before he even lift the tray and brought it to the room. The sandwiches were similar to that one Natalia had prepared to Tony, making easy to guess who his guardian angel was. He took a hefty bites and felt how his more predatory teeth pulled back inside his gums. His eyes would take longer to look human again. The time he didn’t have. The knock had been subdued, but still loud enough to wake up Tony, who sat on the bed, blinking at Steve.
“What are you?” his visitor mused. “You are not a mutant. Whatever they mean by that. They made a test with your blood and it came back as negative. Whatever that means. I don’t understand most of the things they do; this magic they call science is so different from mine. So, Warrior Monster! Are you a stranger in this realm like me? Did you came here from outer space or some unholy dimension?”
Tony let the phone slump between them on the mattress as he hid his face with his arm. “I think I broke my Assistant Director.”
If the other Steve heard one word wrong, maybe that was how Steve had planned it. He was no amateur in the psychological warfare, and he was nowadays able to use non-discriminating language while doing it. SteveToo was fending off Iron Man’s blasts like they were just an afterthought, his shield moving fast as a snake’s head while he rushed towards taunting figure in the middle of the opening, and then he was on Steve and they were pummeling each others like there was no tomorrow.
But that was not the point. The point should be this new guy. Steve sniffed again, but had his nose ever lied to him. This was the man from the lab, and even if he had then hid his mousy brown hair and slim shoulders inside the doctor’s garbs, he was surely the man Steve had mistaken for a Nazi torturer and killed as he tried to escape.
“That slump in your chest”, she said impatiently, for a second forgetting her scare. “It moved.”
Both Starks turned their hopeful faces towards the other Rogers, who seemed tired of this particular way of thinking.
That made his lips almost twist in their own accord. “We could do the roof”, he said and almost spooked himself. Why had he suggested something like that?
The wall grew silent only at nights and to give him bathroom breaks and time to eat. He wondered how long it would go until it halted.
He had collected just enough excuse that he was ready to push his hand under his underwear,
Steve let his hand drop. When he had stepped in front of the metal man, he had almost… Steve sniffed and there it was again, a light wisp of that familiar smell, now mixed with the smell of metal and something hot and unnatural. Repulsors, he learned later. If Stark had made the thing and maintained it like a mechanic did to a car, it was only natural the machine smelled of him.
“Yes, I too escaped Hydra dungeon by faking a stomach ache.”
There was always that but, wasn’t there?
“Shoot that mother-fucker!” he shouted to the other Steve on the screen, but there was no real heat behind his words, and then a red and golden missile shot through the air, a mighty flying knight, who wasn’t still the one he was waiting for. (He didn’t start to ponder the irony of that last sentence, because in his very much black and white thinking it would have made him a princess of this fairy tale.)
Winghead tried to move around Tony, but Tony blocked him. “Enough. Bruce just wanted to check you up. Make sure you are doing ok.”
“ Don’t Get up.”
Steve slammed his hand against the table, startling Tony.
Tony felt his heart swell and he wanted to cry. Why was this Tony so loved? What was wrong with him.
“ Your grace...” Tony tried
“ No shit, I thought Steve was going to kill him if we let go,” Sam quipped.
Wade: Healing factor, remember?
Quentin laughed.
I’m looking for a Tony x Steve fanfic. Steve gets teleported into another universe where Tony is locked up after being deemed a criminal. The other universes Steve doesn’t want to interacting with their Tony. Steve has to wait until his tony can open a portal to save him. At the end Steve’s Tony opens a portal and rescues him. The other universe Avengers are wary of him. Tony was able to open the portal by using the i dirt stones and with the help of Jane Foster. At the end the other universe Captain America makes amends with the other universes Tony and it can be alluded that they try to start a relationship.
“ Mama?” He whispered in disbelief.
“ For the love of everything holy please speak English.” Tony
Grant adjuster his grip and grasped his thighs in a bruising hold, pulling Tony’s legs over his shoulders.
Tony turned to Coulson. “ I thought I met my quota of seeing you for the week? What are you doing here?”
Tony gave him an offended look. He was not old.
Tony looked a bit sheepish. “ I don’t have any STD’s but I really didn’t anticipate my night to end like this and I need some.... things.”
Steve gave an exasperated sigh and grabbed Tony pulling him forward until their hips aligned.
“ What happens if I think that they are all boring?”
Harry separates from Peter before they left the building with promises that he would text him later after acquiring his number during lunch.
“ And he’s mouthy. Please tell me Frank How is this a good idea? Please tell me. I’ve been his graces assistant for a number of years. This creature will not please him.”
Tony smirked, “ All in the name of science then?”
“ T-that won’t be necessary,” Steve stammered as he tries to move away. Tony held onto him.
A crashing sound came from inside. Pepper looked a Tony, a little bit scared.  He rose to his feet and slipped his hand out of hers. He motioned for her to stay quite as he twisted the dial on his watch to activate his gauntlet. He slipped inside and heard scuffling coming from the kitchen. He raised his hand and watched it silently power up. He saw the fridge  door open and a leg outside from around the kitchen island
Peter smiled and nodded again.
“ But does that really allow him to behave as such? The man has been pulled over multiple times for DUI and has been shown to be in the possession of illegal drugs since the months following Mr. Starks death. I know everyone grieved a little differently but is it really alright for this man to get away with drug possession, drug use, assault and other crimes just because he is grieving, Director?”
Bucky was at work and needed to be picked up soon. It was established long ago that a enhanced super Solider with anger management issues did not do well in New York City traffic. Well... it was that and the fact that the first and last time Bucky and gotten out of the car he was driving to test the steering wheel out of the car that cut him off was not really acceptable. Then the kids would have to be picked up from school.
“ I’m going shove that gun right up-“
Winghead looked at him apologetically and whimpered.
The blonde gave an exasperated sigh. “ I thought I told you I had a date tonight.”
“ Well isn’t it my job to make sure we both are pleasured?” He asked.
Clint gave a look of mock offense.  “ You wound me Nat. I thought we were friends.” The blonde laid himself across her lap and clutched his chest with his right hand and he had the other draped over his brow.
Steve didn’t make any noise of complaint about choosing a full suit rather than a gauntlet.
“ Come what would you like?” Bucky asked again.
Tony had no idea how it happened. He honesty didn’t. One minute they were having a picnic and the next wham! He was apart of a hit make out session. It could have been him leaning to close or possibly the way Winghead kept nuzzling his cheek. Who knew. What he did know was that he had lost all of his clothes at some point and had the creature between his legs.
“ Yes, Steve. “  he said trying extremely hard not to sound annoyed. He heard Natasha give a soft, exasperated sigh. He covered her body more with his, trying to block Steve’s view of her. He was  bit protective especially after someone barging in on his intimate time.
“ May i help you?”
Tony placed a plate in front of each super soldier and the rest of the meal in between them.
“ What a fine woman you married. How drunk was she when she said yes to you? I mean she is way to smart to settle for your ass sober” Morgan teased.
Steve just sighed.
Nat just rolled her eyes as Bruce blushed.
Also I am
“ Steve, do you like this outfit on Tony?”
“ Good evening,” Steve said as he handed the flowers to Tony.
“ You’re so unfair! I hate you!” She shouted back as she snapped to the direction of what Tony thinks is her room.
Tony raised and eyebrow and looked at Rhodey who just shook his head and response.
“ I would like to do it again tonight too, if your body would allow it. I know that since you’re older, your body may not be able to handle as much stress as when you were younger.”
“ Umm... does he know That Stark is far fro relationship material?” Clint asked.
“ I’m here.”
“ It is. That’s why you are still alive.” Up against the rail was  an angry merman. His hair was brown from what Tony could see and had red fins where his ears should be and one arm was a shiny silver color and looked metallic.
“ As you wish.”
“ Because he didn’t gain 10 pounds.”
“ He does both.”
Tony rolled his eyes,” I was trying to relax and I felt like going under. It’s not a big deal.”
“ You’re not staying?”
Tony huffed and relaxed into Steve. He was quiet for a bit. “I’m still pissed with you. I want pizza.”
Merman, must have all the ladies going after you. Or guys if you are into that. I am not exactly versed in your culture. Buts it’s cool either way. “ the creature just tilted his head, as if he were fascinated by Tony’s nervous babble. Tony was now at his tail and saw that it was strapped on with some type of mechanical lock.
Steve answered with a particularly hard thrust aimed at his prostate. Tony came with a whimper.
Tony rolled his eyes.
“ oh,” Tony said in realization.
“ ummm... your fangs.”
Grant laughed at this. “ What’s so funny? I’m serious. I don’t think that man is tolerable in any universe.”
Tony raised his ass in the air.
“ Me?!,” Tony cried out indignantly, “ What makes you think I had anything to do with this?”
“ Peter sweetie the boy was flirting with you. He has no intent on doing schoolwork with you if you give him your number.”
Tony spit out his coffee as he stared at the screen in utter surprise. That was defiantly Schmidt and he did not look happy at all. And then of course it had to be Christine Everhart. doing the interview
Steve rolled his eyes. “ I rather do the skinny dipping in bed.”
When he got back Tony was a little more coherent. “ Did you find a tooth brush?”
“ You drive a hard bargain mister.”
Tony was happily humming along, comfortable in his bathrobe, as he walked back to their room. After their massage, they had all gotten pedicures and manicures which had both creeped out the super soldiers as they had no idea what they were. After the mani/pedi the super soldiers had decided to go to the gym. Tony decided to stay behind at the spa and get a facial.
He should have left the fucking shit with Hydra. Fuck this shit. He could have bought Steve a new bike. This wolf was insane.
“ Well is was just yesterday they were fighting for for you attention and all of a sudden they team up and take out their frustration on us. Do you see the correlation there?”
It didn’t take long for their foreplay to begin again. Steve kissed the inside of his thighs and licked his pussy ravenously.
Hi! Thanks for reading so far and Happy New Year! I look forward to reading your comments. Also please kudos if you can!
“ You smell so good.”
“ How about the chicken Alfredo with broccoli.”
Steve’s problem was He just didn’t like waiting. He wanted to always rush to the part where he could pretend it is him in his bed and not another prostitute. Steve just have a grunt in response. It was none of Bucky’s business if he was a Little rough when he first meets his guests.
When he caught his breath he stood straight up and gave him a large smile. “ I just wanted to give you this,” He said as he handed him a slip of paper. He blushed and rubbed the back of his neck. “ I- uh- wanted to give you my number. To like call or something. You know... since we are classmates and all and... “
Rhodey laughed loudly at his friend’s obvious plight.
Rhodey took out his phone from his pocket and sent out a text to what Tony would assume was Ultron. Tony could care less who showed up at the dinner table. Thanos could be eating with them for all he cared. As  long as the purple giant left him alone with his spaghetti he would be fine
“But you’re mean. And rude and have a grudge against me.” Tony was shaking Bruce now and occasionally hopping from foot to foot.
“ So handsome Tony. Can’t believe you are letting me
“ How about We see each other after school today? I know it’s last minute, but I would like to get to know you better. I really like you Pete and I want to spend time with you.” He gently grabbed on to Peters hand.
“ I’ll just go to the bathroom and I’ll be right back, it’s right in my bedroom ok?”
Steve smiled. “ Ok. I have some clothes set out for you already.”
“I can have whoever I want!” Steve growled, face red with anger.
Quentin looked down at his outfit. Peter has always liked it and told Quentin all the time how he looked nice in it. He just didn’t think he had liked it this much.
Tony did not know why he said it, but he did. Clint looked at him, aghast that he would eat him out.
“The lube and condom are on top of the bedside table,” Tony said. He didn’t care how much this man said that he isn’t sleeping around. He is not risking it. Who knows what super soldier disease he could spread around.
“ You could have hurt me. I thought Strange already talked to you about stopping this behavior. “
“ Have you tried to tell him to back off?”
“ I know. The human race sucks if we lost to those morons.” Pietro quipped. Wanda and Scott only nodded in agreement.
“ Well I can hope when my best guy asks me to go to his place after not seeing him for a week.”
Tony must have been really deep in thought as he didn’t know notice how much closer Barnes got. The werewolf poked his stomach gently with his nose Tony tried to back up but tripped.  Bucky moved closed again and nuzzled his neck. He moved to his face and began licking it. He gave a little whine as he continued to lick his face. Tony didn’t know what he was whining for. What did he want? For him to jump in the oven and cook himself until he was medium rare or something?
“ More Like his first piece ever. He never slept with Peggy.” Tony raised an eyebrow at Nat who elaborated, “ Something of that nature might have been mentioned in their shouting match. So yeah, you’re his first.”
Steve growled at the semi-insult aimed toward Tony. Tony saw the other vampire exaggeratedly roll his eyes.
“ Well whatever it is, I’m fine as long as they stop fucking bitching. “ Tony said as he directed his attention to the TV. What could go wrong with them getting along?
“ Hey, Peter!”
Steve grabbed Tony’s shoulder and turned him to face him.
“ Asshole,” the man grumbled.
Tony shook his head and came back into reality.
“ After being caught by your father with his dick shoved up your ass? I think he’s afraid Howard is going to shoot him.”
Rhodey shook his head.
“ What’s wring Steve? Don’t want to lose brownie points with a certain someone?” Sam jested.
“ No. No. come here.” Harry motioned Peter to lay down on him. Peter reluctantly  complied and snuggled under his chin. Harry wrapped his free arm around him and stroke his back. “ You are the kindest and most beautiful person I know Pete. You’re so smart and kind.”
Howard tilted his head and gave him and Inquisitive look. “ Yes I did. That’s his name. It’s been his name since I first met him.”
“ This is not my home.”
“ well that is what he probably wants. Just a good ass to mount.”
Steve began to kiss all the way down his body, by passing his cock, to look at the pink hole staring back at him.
“ Hmm... glad you approve, but I don’t mind giving a repeat performance.” He said sultry and he kissed Tony’s neck.
“ You can only imagine. Natasha texted me earlier and said that Schmidt hit him In the head with a newspaper.”
He just shrugged nonchalantly.
Grant sighed. “ He wanted me to dress up as the Commander and tie him up and such and Force him. Like a...” Grant shook his head.
“ It’s my mom’s recipe, I hope you Like it.”
“ First, I dont sound like that. Second, Winghead is probably bored. Did you try getting him some toys?”
The Red Skull sigh. “ You are not dreaming Tony.”
“ That’s because I’m awesome. Not everyone can be as awesome as me.” Tony smirked.
“ They can get like that if they are scared. If they were hunted down by Hydra, then I’m not surprised that they were behaving like that.”
Both Steve and Grant were blushing.
Tony didn’t even pay attention to the jibe as he stared in utter amazement at the merman who had just fainted at a little sexual innuendo.
“ It’s Private.”
Harry’s face fell. “ Oh... um... that’s ok I guess. I’m pretty sure I’ll have another party sooner or later.  I understand family is important and if they need you, then it can’t be help.”
Steve-on-the-floor felt how a telltale heat started climbing over his chest and neck. He was suddenly so angry and embarrassed that for a second he forget his worry over Antonio. “How dare you! He is not my dream-anything! What the hell do you insinuate! You just joke around when Tony could be seriously hurt! He could be dying while you force me to sit here, listen to your bullshit!”
Steve hadn’t waited Natasha to attack right after he let go of his shield. When he noticed the shield wasn’t going to hit its target, he pulled out his gun, another reflex, and shot toward the place his adversary had stood a second before. The wail of the wounded woman distracted Steve so that Natasha got in a mule kick, disrupting his movement lightly that the shield didn’t ricocheted back to his hand, but landed uselessly some five yards to his right, in the middle of the traffic. Steve hopped backwards, but another kick from Natasha’s fashionable but sensible shoe made him overbalance. He lurched a step back and straight among the honking cars.
“Yes! Darling, look! Like a burger! With Tony stuffing!”
“They left him in the lobby near the elevator. Let’s hope the process didn’t include any actual body dumping. There was some guy sitting in the middle of the stairs… No more details, because after that Mr. Bad Cop broke the suspect’s arm and he passed out. Is there lots of people? Maybe we should have asked him to draw us a picture. If he can draw as good as you…”
“Howard Stark.”
A knock on the door made him froze. He had been just adjusting Tony’s pillow, but his volatile thoughts made his face blush with shame. Tony lying there, tanned and warm, was looking mighty fine in more than one way. Really, did Steve need to be this close to the man? Tony’s nightmares had ceased, and Steve didn’t want him to have new ones. He had seen his eyes in the bathroom mirror and they were tinted red and black again. His mouth made too much saliva, and he had to keep swallowing it down unless he wanted to drool like a mutt. The worst were of course his fangs which were halfway out and impossible to conceal if he didn’t push his lips tightly shut. What if Tony woke up and saw him and freaked out? But when he went to the door, there wasn’t anybody; only a tray full of sandwiches and his favorite yogurt, fruits and those things they called energy bars.
Maybe Steve was taken back by the facts in her speech, but seeing that hated face up close, her expressions showing faked understanding and worry, made him blow a gasket.
“Hold it, I have a plan. I am helping him, you didn’t see how starry-eyed he got when he talked about Tony. His Tony, I mean. He went nuts when Richards asked him to strip. Big guy is so deep in the closet that he is sitting at White Witch’s tea party. This is simple reverse psychology. Makes him stop to think how lucky he actually is, and then when we will find his guy… awww, Technicolor kisses.”
