He leans closer, kissing me again. “Such a good boy for me.” A soft little whine escapes me, and he chuckles, running his fingers through my hair. “I think somebody has a praise kink.” I flush, and he strokes my cheek lightly. “Nothing to be embarrassed about. I like telling you when you’ve done a good job. Now you can relax. You deserve a reward, my pet, and I want to show you exactly how much your submission means to me. I want you to watch as much as you can, understood?” I nod, eager for more than light touches after the teasing he’s been doing all afternoon. His head dips to press soft kisses along my collarbone, pausing to suckle at one of my nipples, still sensitive from his earlier ministrations. I gasp softly, arching up as much as the bindings will allow, and he grins, gently scraping his teeth over it. I moan, and he chuckles softly, dragging his lips down my stomach. “Feel good, my pet?” he asks, biting and sucking a bruise onto my thigh. I can’t do more than mewl in response as his lips trail fire over me, panting softly as I watch him, his mouth hovering so close…
“You don’t have to thank me,” Cas assures him. “I know you’d do the same for me. I’m happy to help. I know you’re anxious, but you should try to get a little more sleep if you can. You might not get much tomorrow.”
“Who is Karael?” Dean asks, puzzled.
I nod, making both of our clothes disappear, and he grins. “Don’t forget you have to-” I start. He cuts me off with a rough kiss, then holds up the bottle of lube I purchased. “I know, Cas. You’re not the only one who can do research.” I smile at the idea of Dean researching this, but none of my research could prepare me for the feeling of being filled by him, at which point the attempt at being quiet is completely forgotten and a long stream of Enochian escapes me. Dean looks down at me, partly elated and partly worried. “Cas? Are you alright?” he asks softly.
“Cas...please,” Dean murmured, followed by the dull
“Says the guy who’s in love with an angel,” I tease. He reaches over, punching me in the shoulder. “I’m serious. I’m happy for you guys. You finally have someone who knows what you do for a living and doesn’t think you’re insane.”
“Come on up here,” Dean says after a while. Cas stands, moving to sit on the couch, but Dean stops him, gently turning him towards the TV and guiding him back until he sits in Dean’s lap, straddling his legs and leaning back against his chest. It’s a little too vulnerable, with Dean clothed and Cas’ legs resting outside of Deans, exposed, but Dean keeps his arm wrapped firmly around Cas’ waist, holding him still, and the tension that creeps into his posture is pushed out when Dean plants soft kisses along the side of his neck. “You’re so good Cas,” he murmurs against his skin.  “And so incredible too. The way you submit to me…look how hard you are for me already, and I haven’t even touched you. Fuck, it’s beautiful.” Tipping his head back against Dean’s shoulder, Cas closes his eyes, whimpering at the praise. Suddenly there’s a light touch along his shaft, which makes his hips buck of their own accord, and Dean laughs. “Sensitive too. We’re going to have a lot of fun.” He stays quiet for a moment, and Castiel can feel his eyes as they roam across his skin. “You remember your word, Cas?” he asks finally.
“Did he hurt you?” Dean asks quietly, gently stroking his cheek.
Hearing it out loud like that, Dean suddenly realized that maybe he wasn’t the only one who struggled with feeling like he belonged. “So what? You don’t have to be useful. We’re just happy you’re back, man.”
Cas flushed, leaning over the sleeping boy to kiss him softly. “You say it plenty. I love you too, and I’ll be right here for both of you, for the rest of our lives.”
“Well…I suppose that would depend on what you have planned.”
“Not too bad. Those pills you gave me are awesome.”
“Well, no,” Sam says, “But I was doing some thinking, and I might have a theory. You’re sure the things that hurt you were demons, right?” he asks. Cas nods. “Okay. And you said they knew some crazy powerful ancient spell that they used against you. Is there anyone you know of that might have had knowledge of a spell like that?”
“Have I…done something wrong?” I ask cautiously.
Cas thinks for a moment. “Not much. I remember he was kind of short, and he was wearing a nice suit. He had an accent, something European. Like…Irish. Or maybe Scottish. But I don’t remember his name, if he gave me one.”
“It still hurts,” I admit, “but the spasms aren’t as bad now.”
“Yeah, sure. Anyway, once I had my life under control, he started teaching me. He said he thought I could do a lot of good in other people’s lives, and it helped me learn to trust myself. It might have been unorthodox, but it’s the best goddamn therapy I’ve ever found. I’m so thankful for it. I was so far down a dark path I couldn’t even see the light anymore, and he pulled me back out. He’s still probably my closest friend. We get together every once in a while.”
Cas smiles. "Okay then. Tonight."
Dean twitches, letting out a sharp “Jesus…” as Cas finds his prostate.
Cas snorts, squeezing Dean's hand. "That would've been a sight..."
Dean sits in horrified silence for a minute, shocked at his own words. “I…I hadn’t remembered that part…”
I lightly rake my fingernails up the inside of his thigh, and he shivers, his knees falling wider. Turning his head to kiss him softly, I slowly wrap my hand around his length, close to the base. He gasps into the kiss, his teeth catching on my bottom lip. “Okay?” I ask. He swallows, nodding and watching my hand with wide eyes as I give a slow stroke. He throws his head back, whimpering, and I chuckle, wrapping an arm around his chest to anchor him firmly in my lap as I slowly move faster. “Easy, Cas…”
“To make sure I didn’t hurt you,” Cas explained. “That was a bit rougher than I’d intended to be...”
“I am,” Cas answers innocently, stroking slowly along Dean’s shaft. “I just missed you, that’s all.” He grins. “Besides, we had a fight. I think that means we’re supposed to have make-up sex.”
The angel considers it, then reaches over and takes another swig from the bottle. “I think I’d rather get it over with, if it’s all the same to you.”
I nod. “You’re not the only one who can plan. We’re going on vacation. Let’s go.”
“You’re very cheery this morning,” I mumble against his neck, closing my eyes again.
He pouts, and it’s kind of adorable. I can’t help but chuckle. “Cas, baby, it wasn’t really on purpose. Look, I just don’t get excited for Christmas like other people. Besides, I thought you’d hate how commercial it is these days.”
Dean shook his head slightly. “But...you said you bought her to restore, as a hobby.”
He shrugs. “I dunno. You just seemed kinda tense for a minute there.”
He nods. “Of course. Why?”
Cas laughs. “That’s what woke you up?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean’s wings brush lightly against mine at that comment. “Well…I mean, yeah, but you aren’t going to ask questions? You love asking questions. It’s like your hobby.”
Cas laughs. “Are you saying you’d subject yourself to my family to be my date?”
My hand clamps down over my mouth immediately, but it’s too late. Dean stares at me for a minute. “…Come again?” he says finally.
All of his usual bravado leaves Dean’s voice with this last sentence, and I sigh. “Well…if it means that much to you, we’ll go look for him. Get packing.” Dean nods gratefully, beginning to throw his belongings into a bag. Suddenly, there’s a soft knock on the door. I open it slowly, shocked at what I see. A pale, bloodied Cas stands on the other side, leaning against the doorframe to keep himself upright. “Hello, Sam,” he murmurs. Dean turns at the familiar voice, gasping when he sees his friend. The angel lurches into the room, steadying himself against the furniture. “You…called?” he says.
Slowly, he nods, relaxing against me, exhausted by his anger. “Okay…”
While Gabriel is engrossed in a cooking show, Cas moves quietly over to the corner where Benny has coaxed Dean into a fitful sleep. “How’s he doing?” he asks softly.
I watch him for a moment. “Why would you do that?” I ask suspiciously.
He rolls his eyes. “Cas, how many times do I have to tell you? I know what I’m doing. I’ve made my choice. Why do you keep asking?”
“You want me to touch that beautiful cock of yours?” he asks, smirking as he places a sharp bite to his right thigh. Broken, whimpered pleas tumble from his lips as he tries to squirm in his bonds. “That’s an idea. But you know what I’d really like to do?” Cas pants loudly. “What I’d really like to do,” Dean whispers, grinning, “is swallow it down.” His words send Cas into a fit of whimpering. “Think that would be okay?” He gives a jerky nod, pleading desperately. Cas nearly screams when suddenly Dean’s mouth is around him, hot and wet and so, so perfect. He tries to push up into the sensation, but Dean holds his hips steady, refusing to cede control. He sobs when Dean’s tongue teases around the head and finds its way into the slit, his knuckles white where they’re wrapped around the ties. A mix of pleas and curses and unintelligible sounds fall from his mouth, and he nearly blacks out when Dean groans around him, keeping him balanced on the very edge. One of his hands disappears, and the blindfold is pulled free. Cas blinks for a moment, and what he sees has him squeezing his eyes shut again, because Dean has undone his pants and is stroking himself in time with his mouth on Cas’ cock. Cas throws his head back, no longer caring about the loud whimpers and moans that escape him.
I sigh, pulling him closer to kiss him softly. “I don’t deserve you.”
Cas considers it, but can’t come up with an answer. “I-I don’t know.”
I nod, stepping back from him. His hold releases immediately, and I find myself oddly disappointed. “Yes, thank you. I apologize for the breach of personal space. I’m not sure what came over me.”
“Is that...what you want to do?” Dean asked.
Dean nods, kissing him softly. “Fair enough. No matter how you feel, I love you so much, and I’m really proud of you for trying. Are you sure you want to know who it is?”
He said a quick goodbye to Sam and Eileen, hesitating before waving to Cas and following the women outside. He blinked for a moment at the brightness, surprised by the warmth of the sun. So maybe they were right, and it had been a bit too long since he’d left the bunker. Jody looked at him knowingly, opening the passenger side door for him before climbing in the driver’s side, Donna slipping into the back. “So,” Jody said after a quiet few minutes. “What’s on your mind?”
“Damn it Cas! Just-”
He just shushes me gently, continuing his task, whispering the words into the skin at my neck, my shoulder, the hollow at the base of my throat until I’m sobbing for real, clutching him to my chest like he’s the only thing keeping me from shattering into a million pieces.
“I’m fine,” he answers. “I’m just calling to let you know Dean’s sick, and he’s not going to make it today.”
Dean nodded, sniffling softly. “Yeah,” he murmured, kissing Cas’ cheek. “Yeah, just...it’s good to be home.”
“Well you’re succeeding at that much,” Bobby nodded. “You guys all packed up?”
“I promise,” Dean hummed happily, smirking. “Besides, I think we both know I’ve been yours since the day we met.”
“Hmm?”
Dean pauses, quirking an eyebrow at him. “What’s your safeword, Castiel?”
“I understand that, Dean, and I appreciate it, but that’s not the point. It’s important for us to lay these things out now. I know you trust me, but there are a lot of things on this list that I doubt you’ve considered, and that you may not be comfortable with.”
“We…might have an idea about who it was. There’s a guy who’s…pretty infamous in certain circles,” Benny answers. “I’ll see what I can find out and let you know. But for now, let’s have a look, shall we?” Cas nods, shifting around in his chair to face Dean, exposing his back to Benny, who starts carefully cutting through the bandage. The older man looks up, chuckling softly at his tense posture. “Easy, Cas. It shouldn’t be too bad. Maybe Dean can help you relax over there.”
Castiel considered it for a long moment before sinking down to the floor with him. “I suppose that depends on what you want to do. I...my offer still stands. We can...we can be friends, if you prefer.”
I nod, thinking for a moment. Slowly, I reach out, running my hand through the feathers. Cas cries out suddenly, shuddering, and I pull away. “Cas? What is it? Did that hurt?”
Cas groans softly, and Dean can tell from the sounds that he's stroking himself as he watches, which only makes the human rock back harder, his orgasm building quickly. “All mine,” the angel purrs. “So beautiful when you let yourself go for me. Come, Dean.”
“Save it, dad,” I manage. “I don’t need your pity. Or your love. Not anymore. I spent my entire life thinking that I was...broken, and weak, and...even after you died, I was trying to make you proud. And I was miserable, all the time. It wasn’t until Cas came along that I started to learn...And yes, Cas and I are together. Call it whatever you want. I don’t care. I loved him for years, but I was so terrified...and even after I was able to tell him how I felt, it took a long, long time before he could touch me without me panicking, hearing your voice in my head, calling me weak, and pathetic, and disgusting...he’s been helping me work on fixing what you did to me, and it’s helping, but I still have the nightmares sometimes. So no, I don’t think you loved me. And I don’t care how you feel about me and Cas, because he actually does love me, and he’s never, not even for a minute, made me feel ashamed of who I am.”
Dean smiled a little, nodding. “Thanks,” he murmured. “You’re doing a really good job so far.”
TheSongSmith
Sam glares at me. "That's not your decision, Dean!"
“Yes, Castiel!”
The hand on my thigh squeezes lightly. “Well then. I suppose you’ll just have to trust that I won’t do those things, won’t you?”
“That’s not going to work,” he says matter-of-factly. “Take your medicine.”
He hesitates. “Well…it’s almost like…like it’s scared.”
Woot! That's another old fic finally finished. I hope someone still cares enough to read it, lol. If you enjoyed it, please leave me a review down below! It really helps me stay motivated and keep writing <3
Some of the demons chuckle, and Cas frowns. “Karael. Why are you doing this?” he asks.
"Okay. Thank you."
Dean lets out a sound somewhere between a sigh and a laugh. “Green…”
When Cas gets out of the shower, he finds Dean in the playroom, fiddling with a small box in the wall. “What are you doing?” he asks curiously.
“Okay then. Just…take care of him, alright?”
Sure, Dean occasionally managed to exhaust himself into nodding off somewhere around two or three in the morning, but as soon as his eyes closed the dreams started, and he was up again before he knew it. They were always about Cas. Sometimes Dean saw him alone in the Empty, tears streaming down his face. No matter how much Dean screamed, the angel couldn’t hear him, and he never managed to reach him. Other nights he dreamed of the last moments they spent together, the tearful confession that set Dean’s world on fire before it all came crumbling down, his own inability to form words before the angel was ripped away. He couldn’t consider the dreams on those nights to be nightmares, reliving what was simultaneously the best and worst moment of his life, but they hurt all the same. Then again, his waking hours hurt too, so he supposed it didn’t much matter.
He nods. “We are. Bonding is…something like the last step in the process. Like I said, I don’t know if we can do it, being that we’re both human, but I’d like to try, if that’s alright with you.”
I hear a shuffling out in the kitchen, stretching slightly. “Well it sounds like they’re up. We can go ask.” Cas nods reluctantly, but doesn’t seem willing to let go of me. “Cas? I can come with you, you know…”
The archangel rolls his eyes. “I’m serious, Dean. I may not be your biggest fan, but Cas sure seems to like you, and everyone upstairs knows what Zadkiel did.”
“Two can play at that game.” It only takes me a minute to figure out what image would ruffle his feathers the most, and I focus hard on the way he looked in my bed with his wrists bound to the frame with his own tie. I hear a sharp gasp, and when I open my eyes, Cas is bright red. I laugh, pulling him down to the bed with me and pressing against his side. “I take it that worked then?” He nods slowly. “You know, you never did tell me why you enjoyed that so much.” Cas hesitates, considering his answer carefully. The same picture I showed him flashes inside my head, followed by a complex mix of emotions that takes a minute to sort out. Underneath the obvious pleasure, there’s a layer of peace and trust that surprises me. He watches me almost nervously while I consider it.
I debate going to talk to him first, but decide that the uncertainty of the situation requires a back-up plan. Thankfully, my project is almost done, so it only takes a few hours to finish it. Dean doesn’t emerge from his room, even when Sam tries to coerce him, asking loudly from the kitchen if maybe Dean needs to get laid. The muffled
“No?”
In the morning, Dean shakes Cas awake early, laughing when he whines and buries his head in the pillow. “Come on sweetheart, we gotta go.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Slowly, Dean nods, gasping as he tries to calm himself down. Eventually, his breaths regain a somewhat normal rhythm, his cries reduced to small hiccups. “That’s good, Dean,” Cas murmurs, kissing his temple softly. “Deep breaths. I’m here.”
“Alright. If you change your mind or you have another dream or you need something, I want you to wake me up. Got it?”
“I’ve learned from the best,” he murmurs, running a hand through my hair. “And even if I’m wrong; even if he didn’t see your worth, I do. You are worthy, Dean, and that will not change. You have to remember that.”
Dean smiles and nods. “I know.”
I laugh, and it doesn’t hurt for once. “I guess so. I don’t think I’ve been this relaxed in centuries, especially lately. Being human is stressful. You have all of these feelings and desires and they’re all so overwhelming.”
“Yeah. Okay,” I reply, “I think we can do that. Thanks, Sammy.” He nods, disappearing down the hall.
Cas smiles, laying his wing on top and pressing closer. “Love you...”
"We could do many things. We could travel," he suggests. "I'm sure there are places you'd like to see. Or we could find you some new hobbies, if you're interested in taking a break. I know that hunting is what you've always done, and I certainly don't want you to quit if that's not what you want. But if you were interested in trying something else...the world is relatively peaceful at the moment, and there are no major threats for once. This might be a good time to try."
After lunch, Dean refuses to go back into bed for a nap, but he seems quite happy to fall asleep against my chest. After cleaning up, Sam returns, chuckling at the sight of Gabriel sprawled over a chair, fast asleep. “Guess the little guys were more tired than I thought.”
Cas smiles, lightly brushing his hair back. “I love you, Dean,” he says, as if this is a normal conversation. “I always have. I would love nothing more than to care for you.”
Something pained flits across Dean’s expression at that, and he picks at the comforter for a while. “What do you want to talk about?” he asks finally. “Things happened. It’s over.”
For the record, that word, always said in the same low, gravely tone tinged with fondness, is
He nods eagerly, snuggling closer. “Pease?”
My lovely readers, I am so sorry this has taken so long! Life has been ridiculously busy lately, but I worked really hard on an extra-long chapter to make it up to you. Enjoy!
“I know the feeling,” I mumble back, moaning again. “Why are you doing this?”
Dean laughed, taking the flag and waving it between them for a moment. “Thank you. I love it.”
Cas grins, a picture of innocence. “Nothing…” Dean swallows so loudly he can hear it, closing his eyes for a minute. “I really did enjoy it,” Cas murmurs. “You’re so good to me.”
TheSongSmith
He laughs, pulling me in for a kiss. “Yes, Cas, that’s exactly what it meant. Now, let’s get you out of this suit.”
“Cas sad?” he asks softly.
Weeeeee. Remember to review if you liked it, it makes me so happy to get those pretty little emails :D
I think back to everything we’ve been through. Uriel, Naomi, Crowley, the Leviathans… “I don’t know how you can say that. I’ve hurt you plenty of times.”
Castiel gives no sign of hearing this, continuing to shake. I look to Sam, who shrugs helplessly, before pulling him in closer, careful to avoid his injuries. “Easy, Cas. Hey, it’s alright,” I murmur softly. “The bad part is over, okay?” Slowly, he nods, but refuses to separate himself from my shoulder. “Sammy, go get me a bowl of cold water and a few washcloths,” I order, holding onto the trembling angel. When he returns, setting the bowl down on the table, I soak one of the washcloths in the water, then fold it in half and press it against the back of Cas’ neck. A soft, surprised sound escapes him, and after a moment he begins to relax against me, breathing easier. In a few minutes, he blinks up at me. “Better?”
Cas nods, smiling. “Of course, Dean. Why don’t we go get you some breakfast, and then I promise we’ll give you a break. We should at least tell Sam you’re back to normal.” I nod in agreement, slowly getting up. Cas smiles, pulling up a blanket and wrapping it around my shoulders. “We’ll make it quick,” he assures me, taking my hand.
“You see?” Dean asked. “I love you, Cas. I’ve loved you for years. I was just...too stupid and...scared to be honest with you. I didn’t want to lose my best friend. What I said earlier...I didn’t mean that the thought of being with you disgusted me more than the thought of being with my brother. I was just...with Sam, I can brush it off. But when it was you...it hurt like hell, whenever they’d say stuff like that. Because all I could think about was how wrong they were, how impossible it was that you’d want me that way. I was angry, and disgusted, but never with you. With myself, for even feeling those things for you, knowing I didn’t deserve you. I don’t get to keep the good things, Cas, not ever. I thought if I told you the truth, you’d...laugh at me, or flutter off somewhere, and I’d lose you forever. But I couldn’t stop them. I loved you, no matter how hard I tried to convince myself I couldn’t have you.”
He smiles, taking a step back to survey his work. “Pretty, and functional. I picked this specific tie because it would let me cut you out of here in a few seconds if you told me to stop.” He flushes a little, nodding towards a silver pair of shears sitting on the corner of the dresser. “Those are what medical professionals use to cut through clothing in emergencies. I wanted to be prepared, in case you were scared or had a bad reaction to it.”
“Good catch,” Benny smiles. “I think he’s earned a reward. You wanna handle that for me while I prep the aftercare stuff?”
Her laughs grow louder.
Dean smirked, kissing him softly. “I just might.”
Dean shook his head. “No, that’s...I mean, it’s not exactly my greatest area of expertise, but that’s not why I acted the way I did. I was trying to stop myself from ruining everything. I just never realized I was hurting you too.” He shook his head, laughing slightly, though there was no humor in it. “God, I fucked it all up...I’m...an idiot, and a dick, and a...what’d you call me earlier?”
Dean makes a sound of protest, and Benny laughs, throwing an arm around his shoulders. “Looks like Sam’s gonna get some payback for the tales you’ve subjected him to.”
"Are you sure that's a good idea?" I ask hesitantly.
“Actually,” Sam says softly. “I didn’t have it so bad. Dean protected me from most of it. He always made sure I wasn’t in harm’s way. He’s a good brother. But I’ll think about it too.”
Dean hums, grinning. “‘Cause it feels fucking awesome?”
Dean chuckled, hugging her back. “Good to know...thanks. I’m gonna talk to him tonight. You know, it’s kinda funny...I always thought there was only one path for me. I thought I’d just...hunt until it killed me. But now, with Cas...I think I’m starting to see other options. Good ones. I’ve never felt like that before.”
Something dark clouds Dean’s face for a moment, but he shakes it off. “Yeah, it was.” The doorbell rings, and he sits up, kissing Cas softly again. “I’ll get it.”
I nod, finishing my food and standing up. “Okay then. Let’s get packing.”
I laugh, hugging him closer. “Okay. Relax for now. I’ve got you.”
Dean nods thoughtfully. “Maybe he got tired of being a second-class citizen and decided to go where he could be top dog.”
“Reasonably well,” I answer. “How did things go with you?”
She’s smaller than he imagined, dark hair pulled into a long brain that hangs over her shoulder. He almost misses the thin gold band around her throat, etched initials peeking out from the collar of her shirt. “Do you sub for him too?” he blurts out, then blushes. “Sorry, I mean…It’s nice to meet you too. I was just…curious.”
“Your cock!” he growls out.
“Surprisingly okay,” I reply. “Does that mean it’s healed?”
“Shh, okay, no one’s touching you yet. Breathe,” I remind him softly. “Listen. I’m going to talk to Sam for a minute, and we’ll figure out what to do. Just stay calm and breathe, okay?”
Gabriel snorts, smirking. “Hey, keep it down, will you?” he calls as we leave.
Sam smirks, shaking his head. “If it makes you feel any better, soft is a good look on you.”
“Angels can communicate a lot through their wings,” I answer. “Right now, mine are telling you that I’ll protect you. And yours are accepting my protection, and telling me that they trust me.” For some reason this seems to calm him down a little, and he shivers as his wings press up towards mine, practically pleading for help in a decidedly submissive gesture that makes me realize how lost he is, and how desperately he needs me to take charge right now. “Dean, do you trust me?” I ask, covering his wings with my own.
Cas looks over at me for a minute. “I know it’s traditional for each Guardian to have one ward, but I would like to be Sam’s Guardian as well.”
“He was in the shower,” I answer quickly, putting the note down on the table. “Any clue?”
each other, in the biblical sense, that they were in what humans called a “relationship”, which came with a lot of rules, most of which Castiel would admit to not quite understanding. The one thing he did come to understand, though, is that intimate relationships between people who seemed to be of the same gender made some humans of this time period uncomfortable. Humans like Dean, he supposed, considering his reaction to the desk clerks. And while the case could be made that Cas himself didn’t exactly
“You…want me to come back?” he asks softly.
He nods, shrugging. “Sounds interesting. Sure, let’s check it out.”
Dean frowns. “Wait,” he cuts in again, “Are you trying to say that the universe just… ‘got away from you’? That’s no excuse.”
Cas shrugged slightly. “You don’t have to apologize. You didn’t do anything wrong.” Dean frowned at that, and Cas sighed softly. “Dean...it’s okay to be freaked out. I don’t know where you came from, but I’m sure it wasn’t anywhere good. You were hurt, and scared, and someplace foreign...I’m just glad I was able to do something to help. I really don’t mind.”
“It feels that way to me too,” Cas admitted. “I was so sure I could never have this...it’s going to take some getting used to.”
Cas sighs, loosening his tie as he climbs the up the final flight of stairs to his apartment. It was a terrible day, and every part of him aches to collapse into bed and not move for as long as possible. He opens the door, mood lifting a little as he enters the warm apartment, hanging up his coat and dropping his briefcase heavily to the floor before heading to the kitchen. Halfway there, he pauses, unbelieving of what he sees. Turning, his throat closes around an aborted scream. Sitting casually on the leather couch is a man. Well dressed in a dark suit, tall and broad-shouldered, with the sharpest eyes Castiel has ever seen, a deep green that darkens with the predatory smile gracing the man’s lips. Cas’ mind spins, trying to figure out how he ended up here. The door should have been locked. The only other person with a key is…Gabriel. A sudden horrible thought occurs to him; a memory of last week’s Sunday dinner, when Gabriel was prodding him about his sex life. He’d joked that if his current condition went on much longer, he was going to have to hire somebody for him. At least, Cas had thought he was joking. Now, staring at the man in his living room, he’s not so sure. He swallows, trying to figure out what to do, and the man watches him curiously, his head tilted to the side.
When he starts to quiet, Cas starts up the rocking motion again, hoping it soothes Dean’s trembling a little. “I’m s-sorry, shit, I’m so sorry…” the man breathes, still unable to release his hold on Cas’ shirt.
“Well it certainly looked like me!” I argue.
Cas chuckles softly. “Jerk.”
Dean whimpers loudly, nodding and trying to collect himself. “Then I…I t-took my other hand and…Oh God, Cas, please…”
“Are you trying to start a small business with me? Come on Cas, spit it out.”
“Any time.”
A small part of my brain starts telling me I shouldn’t do this, but it’s quickly drowned out by the sudden heat that rushes through me as he bites down hard on my neck. Dignity be damned. “Yes…fuck yes…please!”
“Sam told me about what your father did,” I murmur. “I can understand why it would scare you, after that.”
Smiling, Dean nods, sitting up halfway and wrapping an arm around Cas’ back, keeping them connected as he carefully lowers him to the bed and shushing him gently when Cas whimpers at the change in angle. Leaning over him, Dean slowly pulls almost all the way out, then thrusts in hard, grinning when Cas cries out. He picks up speed until he’s slamming into him, sucking and biting at his throat. “So fucking good,” he growls into Cas’ neck. “Gonna cum just like this for me, full of my cock…”
Benny smiles. “No problem, kid. Keep an eye on him, okay? Call if you need backup.”
. The thought stings more than I knew was possible, because that’s what this is really about, if I’m being honest with myself. Cas is good and kind and loyal and beautiful, and if I wrote up a list of all the things I don’t deserve, it would be that. No, I need to think about the girls from the vintage porn mags we found in the library. I sigh, starting to stroke myself slowly, but each and every one of them turns into Cas. I growl in frustration. Okay, new plan. Yeah. Having him around all the time has messed up my brain. I just need to get it out of my system, that’s all. Is there any harm in imagining, just once, just for a moment his flushed face, blue eyes blown wide with desire?
I chuckle, hugging him closer. “Eager are we?”
“This look like IHOP to you? I’m not a short order cook,” I grumble, nudging him lightly.
Dean nods, kissing his forehead softly. “Okay. Soon, then.” Cas shifts, and Dean makes a strangled sound. Cas raises an eyebrow at him, perplexed. “Sorry. Kind of…still a little sensitive…”
The older man shook his head, digging in his pocket for a minute. “Just didn’t want you to forget something.”
“Stay as long as you want, just lock up when you’re done.” The older man smiles. “Cas, keep an eye on that one. Gets into all sorts of trouble when I leave him alone.”
Sitting beside Dean in the bunker, we search for new cases. Well, I’m searching for new cases. Dean has been zoned out for the better part of an hour. “Hey, here’s something,” I remark. “Stillwater, Minnesota. Three girls claim they saw patrons at a bakery fly around the room before impaling themselves on the baking equipment. Sounds suspicious to me. What do you think?” The only response is a noncommittal grunt. “Oh, look at this one,” I tease him. “Aliens land on earth; break their friends out of Area 51.”
“Well, partly because I like staying,” Dean grins, “But mostly because I have a feeling you’re going to drop pretty hard, and I want to be here if you do.”
Benny smiles. “I intend to.” He crouches down in front of Dean’s chair, watching him intently. “So, how are you doing?”
Dean smiles, hugging him tighter. “Okay. How long are you going to do this for me?”
once he’s an angel again.”
“Remember the first time we found him here?” Dean asked, watching Ben fondly. “He was terrified once we figured out he’d been sneaking into our bed and then sneaking out before we woke up. And he got so confused when we weren’t mad and said he could stay. When we first met him, we could barely touch the kid, and now he feels safe enough to crawl into bed with us whenever he wants and fall asleep, because he trusts us not to hurt him. I’m so proud of him...”
Dean hesitates, biting his lip. “Actually, first, could you...would you mind fixing this?” he asks sheepishly, motioning to the half-loosened harness around his chest. “I...I shouldn’t have tried to take it off...all those thoughts came back at once, and I just...but they’re not true. I’d like to keep wearing it..."
Woo! Exciting things happening. A whole bunch of people reviewed which made me so happy! Also, someone recommended this fic to people on tumblr apparently, which is crazy to me. I honestly have been getting all my feedback from here so it's kind of awesome to know someone out there liked my writing enough to tell people to check me out.
“Yeah, I hear it’s been an interesting few days,” I answer.
Cas chuckles. “It’s not that early...And I put some cinnamon rolls in the oven for breakfast...”
Cas nods, closing his eyes and focusing on the gentle strokes of Dean’s hands. When the minute is up he’s carefully pulled to his feet. He gasps at the shift, gripping Dean’s arm tightly. “Dean…”
“What do you mean?” he asks cautiously.
Dean snorts, shaking his head. “That was cheesy.”
Dean shook his head. “We can’t, Cas...the people who run this thing...they’re rich, and powerful, and they have eyes everywhere. Who’s to say they don’t have a spy in the police too? I feel...awful, knowing how many guys are still there, kids, being tortured, every day...I’d love to tell someone, to get everyone else out, but...they’d know as soon as I even tried. They could kill them if they thought the police were onto them. And I’d be putting you in danger. If they know you’ve been helping me, they’ll hurt you too. I won’t do that to you. Besides, I don’t even know what to tell them. I don’t know anyone’s real names, and I was so drugged up when I escaped I don’t even know what part of the city I was in. Most of my memories from being there are still so fuzzy. And that’s if I could even talk to them...I don’t think I can do that,” he murmured, staring down at his lap.
Woo more chapters!
Cas frowns for a moment. "This is...safe for him, isn't it?"
Cas only sobs harder, choking out broken phrases. “I can’t…I’m sorry, Dean…I didn’t mean to…I didn’t know what to do…”
“Really?” he asks hesitantly.
“Not soon enough, it appears,” I tease him lightly, glancing down to where his hand still rests. “It seems you’ve started without me.”
I shush him gently. “You want to, don’t you?” I ask.
“More!” Dean demands hoarsely the moment Cas’ hand releases.
I pause, gently wiping his cheeks as I struggle to get words out. “I…Cas you don’t have to…” I start.
Before he can answer Gabriel wanders out into the living room, rubbing his eyes and dragging the blanket wrapped around his shoulders behind him. He mumbles something unintelligible, and Sam smiles warmly, motioning him over and holding him close as Gabe curls up in his lap, purring happily as Sam strokes through his hair.
“Well I certainly see where you get it from,” Cas teases lightly. “Thanks for the sandwich, by the way. I guess I was hungrier than I thought.”
Cas smiled, kissing his hand gently. “Love you too.”
That sounds like a wonderful idea to Cas, so he nods, laughing despite his tears and letting Dean hold his pieces until he can fit them together again. “You called me that before too,” he whispers once he’s gathered himself a little more.
Dean hesitated, but nodded slightly, not willing to upset the other man’s good mood. He attempted to help clean up, but Cas shoo’d him off gently and took their plates to the sink. When he finished he motioned Dean over to the couch, taking a seat on the floor to examine Dean’s feet. “How are you feeling? I’m sure you’re probably exhausted...”
He blushes a little. “Oh, um…just some things about…human sexuality and relationships. There’s quite a lot of information, and I thought it would be good to have a basic knowledge, in case…”
Cas shook his head slightly, then started to laugh, letting his forehead fall to Dean’s shoulder. “You think I can’t love you…because of your past? Dean…do you have any idea how much I panicked just now when you said you wanted to leave?”
I hesitate for a moment, pulling the note from my pocket. “I found this weird symbol in...a book, and...I was hoping you could tell me what it is.”
I nod, sighing softly and holding him closer, stroking his messy hair lightly as if it might make him feel better. “He looked at me like I betrayed him. What’d we give him anyway? Why’d you even bring that?”
“Yeah, that’s probably best,” Gabriel agrees. “Having him freak out isn’t going to help.” He looks worriedly down the hall. “I should go check on him. I might have overdone it a little.”
Hello my lovelies! I'm back! So sorry for the little hiatus, but the good news is new chapters are on their way as well as a brand new Destiel story! Woo!
Hello my lovelies! I am so, so very sorry this took so long. This chapter has been in the works for a while but things have been crazy with finals and the holidays and family drama. I'm actually writing to you from Rome right now on a trip, but I couldn't sleep and wanted to post this for you.
“Relaxed,” he finishes. I blush again, nodding slowly, puzzled by the slow grin and expression of wonder that moves across his face. “It’s okay. It doesn’t make me uncomfortable. It’s kind of cool, actually. I’m glad you can relax like that around me.”
Cas shakes his head. “No, it wasn’t your fault. I just need to work on it a little. I’m okay.” He pauses, thinking. “Did you really…mean what you said before? You…love me?”
TheSongSmith
It’s quiet for a while before I remember something. “Hey Cas?” I ask, pulling back a little. “What were you doing downstairs before? I heard you going up and down all morning.”
Cas smiles, pressing a soft kiss to his forehead. “Sweet dreams, Dean.”
Cas nodded, kissing him softly. “In that case, I’m happy to explore this with you, as long as you’re sure it’s what you want. Are you sure?”
. He did frown at the broken, pleading note in the angel’s voice, though. “Why can’t I?” he asked softly.
Dean considers it. “It’s worth a try. What happens if you think about us being in danger?” Cas shrugs, closing his eyes for a moment, and suddenly all the mannequins burst into flames. “Well,” Dean mutters, picking up the fire extinguisher and putting them out again. “I guess we figured out how that works.”
“Back,” I manage to whimper out, trying to catch my breath. I feel his hand settle lightly on my back, looking for the source of the pain, but automatically my body seizes up out of fear and I jerk away from his touch, which sends a fresh wave of fire through me. “Don’t!” I plead, both disgusted by how pathetic it sounds and unable to care.
Fuck no.
“Any time.” He didn’t have to look up to hear the smile in it, but when he did he frowned, puzzled, at the wet tracks running down Cas’ face. He reached up, lightly brushing them away, and Cas glanced down at his lap. “I’m okay. Just…Don’t take this the wrong way or anything, but...I’m really glad I almost hit you with my car.”
“Yeah, she’s a really great cuddler too.” Cas shifted closer, and Miracle panted happily, surging forward to lick him. The angel laughed, surprised when she laid down, turning onto her back. “She wants you to rub her belly,” Dean informed him.
“Yes!” he moans. “I like it when you p-play with my c-cock Sir!”
I glance over at him, shaking my head. “Of course not. You’re the one in charge here.”
“Maybe that’s not the case,” Cas says gently. “Your father was intoxicated more often than not. His alcoholism could have damaged his brain. Or it could be something about however he came back that’s blocking his memories. What was his reaction, when you told him?”
Gabriel frowns at him. “I told you, I like him. He’s my date, Dean-o.”
Cas nods, and Dean reaches for his phone, sending a quick message. After a couple of seconds there’s a soft knock at the door, and Kevin pokes his head in, followed by Ezekiel. Cas’ eyes widen, and he glances at Dean, surprised. “Really?”
“Trying to find some information on our buddy Karael, but it looks like he was pretty good at avoiding being noticed. How’s your back feeling?”
“I know what you mean. I’m glad. Are you feeling alright? I know it was intense. I may have gotten a little carried away, but it was so amazing to watch you.”
I nod. “He had spasms so bad he was on the floor, Dean. He’s lucky he didn’t hurt himself even worse.”
Sam and I grab our bags and head out to the car. “Hey Cas?” Sam asks, “How are you feeling?”
He looks at me skeptically for a moment before reaching up and feeling my forehead. “You’re very warm. You must be sick.”
Ben nodded quickly, swallowing hard. “Yeah...yeah, just for tonight...”
When he comes to his senses again he realizes that, while the vibrations have disappeared, Dean is continuing to stroke his oversensitive cock slowly, watching him. He starts to squirm, panting. “Too much…” Dean shushes him softly, but doesn’t stop, and Cas starts to whimper. “Stop, stop…hurts…”
He gives a wave as he leaves, and Cas looks back at Dean, puzzled. “Does…Benny have a girlfriend?”
He laughs, disappearing again. “That’s what I thought.” He starts the careful, methodical process of inserting them as a string of unintelligible sounds pours out of my mouth. By the time he finishes I’m panting, little tremors running through me. “How is that?” he asks casually, as if he’s asking about the weather.
I chuckle. “You’re sweating, Cas. And you’re not having a heart attack. You’re just nervous. I have something that might help.” I pull a bottle out from the drawer, setting it down on the nightstand.
“What’s not what he meant?” Dean asks slowly.
“Just think about it, Dean. The Grace is still there, but it’s damaged, and it looks like its connection with Cas has been turned off for the time being. Think about the times you’ve been separated from your body. How confused and freaked out you were. And how comforting it was to see or hear or touch something familiar. How much safer it made you feel. I know it’s implausible, but it kind of makes sense.”
“Dean, what…” he gasps out, fingers scrambling at the sheets.
Dean smiled, nodding. “Yeah, I...I want to go. It’s something you really want to do, and I’m your boyfriend, I want to support you. But, um...I was looking through what all the different letters mean, and...I thought I should let you know that I think I’m probably, uh...I’m bisexual. Which, I guess, I always kinda figured but I...I’ve never actually said it out loud before, so. Yeah.”
Dean considers it, nodding slowly. "I guess I could try it...You're right, it wouldn't be terrible to take a little break, even if it's not forever...I...don't think I'd want to be alone though, especially if I'm not hunting. You saw how well that worked last time..."
“Good. If I ever, and I mean ever, find out that you chose not to use it when you should have out of some misguided attempt to please me or your idea of what you deserve, you will be in more trouble than you’ve ever seen. And considering your past, that’s saying something. Understood?”
She smiles, stepping forward to stroke my cheek, and it makes my blood run cold, though I can’t seem to pull away.
“Bitch.”
“Soon, I hope,” I answer. “He’s bringing dinner back.”
His response is something close to a snarl, his nails digging into Dean’s back for a moment before dragging down to shove at the waistband of his sweatpants. He’s intensely thankful that he didn’t put underwear back on when he changed, and Cas’ hands squeeze and knead at his ass. “What do you need?” he smirks.
The angel hears him anyway, cocking his head to the side curiously. “Choking has always been on your list of hard limits. You said it was too close to some bad hunts.”
I frown. “Dean, you will go to heaven. The last time there were extraneous circumstances. But your soul is pure, and you’d be my mate. You will go to heaven.” I smile. “Even if I have to drag you there myself.”
Dean chuckles. “Please what, baby?”
Cas smiles, pressing a kiss to the bolt of his jaw. “Good boy. I’m going to hold it longer. You won’t be in any danger. Show me what you do if you want out.” The insistent humming of the vibrator makes it difficult to focus, but Dean bites his lip in concentration, kicking his heel into Cas’ shin. “Very good. You can tap out whenever you want. If you don’t, I’m going to hold it as long as you can take, or until you come. You have my permission, whenever you’re ready.” Dean manages a nod, taking one last breath before the hand squeezes around his throat again, Cas’ free hand stroking his cock hard and fast. The hunter’s head starts to spin as the pleasure builds, ramping up with each frantic beat of his heart, until it feels like he’s riding out the world’s longest orgasm, his whole body buzzing with it, even as it goes slack and trusting under the angel’s hands. He isn’t sure how long it lasts, time going wobbly as the black spots start to crowd his vision, but suddenly the oxygen flows in again, the rush crashing through his system like a tidal wave, and he’s vaguely aware that he’s shaking, but he can’t quite bring himself to care.
Sam frowns for a moment. “What? No, of course not. I’m just…surprised, I guess. I never thought you’d ask anyone to marry you.”
“I almost tried to kill myself,” Dean admits quietly. “I started really thinking about it, and it terrified me. I knew I needed help, and he was the only one who offered to help me. So one morning I found my way back to his house. He was surprised to see me, after the way I’d left last time. When he let me in and asked me what was wrong I just fell to my knees and begged him to help me. I was almost hysterical. And he was calm as ever, just picked me up from the floor and sat me down on the couch and asked me what happened. Before I knew it I was telling him about my whole life, and my dad, and wanting to kill myself. I was such a mess, just crying and shaking and holding onto him. No one else had ever let me do that. He agreed to help me, and we spent a long time talking about it, like I did with you. He asked me why I didn’t go to therapy, but I just couldn’t. Bobby and Ellen tried to get me to go, but I refused. I know it wasn’t the healthiest choice, but I guess what we did was a way to make me let go without feeling stupid for it.”
“The hell…What in God’s name are you talking about? Why are you here?”
“Come on, Dean, it’s not like that. He’s your friend, and he doesn’t really understand it. He’s like a child.”
“You didn’t let me finish,” Cas interrupts. “What you did was highly inappropriate. Which is why I really hate the fact that I called to thank you.”
Woohoo cliffhangers! It won't be too long, I promise. If anyone feels so inclined, I could really use some positive vibes/reviews.
Cas pleaded.
Cas flushes, but he doesn’t even make it through his answering laugh before he falls asleep.
I consider it for a moment, pulling him down to kiss him softly. “You’re so smart sometimes. I guess, if you don’t mind, I mean, we could…Yeah, I think that might work.”
“That’s kind of you, Dean,” he replies, “But I think I do have to be a part of it. It’s my fight, and it’s time I end it.”
“They’re dicks,” I finish. “It’s possible. But I thought he was on good terms with the God squad lately. Why would they kidnap him? It wasn’t like he had to go tend to something. It was like he was calling to tell me, like he wanted me to know. He knew they were after him, and he was scared. This is bad, Sammy.”
“And how did you know what I needed?” Cas smiles.
Dean grins. “You’d be right in that assumption.”
“I love you too,” I murmur back. “So who’s ass am I kicking?”
Cas chuckles, slipping around to stand between me and the mirror. “Yes, but that doesn’t mean you don’t have any desires, Dean. We decided to do this to help both of us. Part of my job here is making sure I’m giving you what you need. I have some idea, but I’m not a mind reader anymore. I need you to tell me what you want sometimes.”
It was almost an hour before they heard quiet footsteps moving through the house. Ben had dozed off again against Dean’s chest, and Dean swallowed hard, hugging him closer. Cas squeezed his hand,
Carefully, his pulls Cas to his feet, keep him steady against his chest and walking him into the bathroom. The cold, wet cloth feels good against his flushed face and the back of his neck, and he sighs, leaning into Dean’s gentle hands. “You wanna tell me what happened?” he asks softly, handing him a glass of water.
I nod. “Slowly, yes. I’m being very gentle to allow them to assimilate the sensation a little at a time without overwhelming you with it. I don’t want to hurt you.”
“Already? I’m not even halfway done with you.” I start to reply, but it turns into a long moan when his lips close around one of my nipples, biting down lightly as he begins pinching and rolling the other one between his fingers. It’s another century by the time he’s satisfied with his work, and a light tremor has taken over my body. He pulls away with a smile, kissing me briefly. “Hey Cas, you know how I’ve never felt too comfortable praying?” he asks casually.
“Well, I’ve been thinking…” I raise an eyebrow at him, and he sighs. “I’m having…doubts about this plan.”
“Yeah...” Dean agreed, leaning against him for a moment. “It’s good to be home.”
TheSongSmith
TheSongSmith
Dean hesitates, but nods, nuzzling against him shyly. “I trust you. However you want to do this, it’s up to you.”
“See if you can remember,” Dean prods.
Dean looks over at me, and I know that the angel’s evasiveness is starting to worry him as much as it worries me. Castiel looks up at him for a moment, debating, before sighing softly. “It was a group of demons,” he murmurs. “I had been looking for them, but…they found me instead. There was an…incident, and as a result, my wings seem to be…broken.”
They settled into a place on the sidewalk to watch the festivities, and when Dean looked over Cas had the biggest grin on his face. “Happy, angel?” He half-shouted over the music.
Dean frowns. “What are you two whispering about?”
I shrug. “I don’t know. Maybe he’s just used to it now. Let’s figure this out.”
“Hey, that’s not fair!” I protest. “At least he’s seen it happen before, it was a total shock to me!”
“Fuck, yes…” I moan. “Feels so good, Daddy…more, please!”
Benny smiles, rubbing Dean’s arm lightly. “You did really good, Dean. And so did Cas. You helped him learn a lot.”
“Sammy, you okay?” Dean asks, wiping the blood from his neck.
He sighs, looking dejected at my tone. “No, Dean. This isn’t a kind of cosmic death sentence. You will not be forced into anything you don’t wish to do.”
“Y-Yeah, I...me too,” Dean mumbled, feeling his face flame. Cas smiled, and before Dean knew what he was doing he found himself slowly leaning closer. He sat up suddenly, trying to calm his racing heart and ignore the former angel’s confused frown. “I, uh...I think I’m going to...take a shower.” He didn’t wait for a response, climbing out of bed and disappearing into the bathroom. “Real smooth, Dean,” he mumbled, rubbing a hand over his face. He considered himself in the mirror while he waited for the water to warm up, frowning. What was wrong with him? He’d already confessed to being in love with Cas. Hell, he’d already kissed the guy. That was supposed to be the hard part, wasn’t it? So why was he so freaked out now? Suddenly, his mind drifted back to the blue-glowing vial tucked away in his nightstand, and for a moment Dean was consumed with the urge to smash it, or hide it away somewhere no one would ever find it. “Oh...”
See, I told you it was porn. But I hope you still like it because honestly it's fun to write. I've got a ton of new ideas for this story all written down so hopefully the next chapters will be out ASAP. I'll be in airports a lot so probably. Love you, and please remember to review if you liked it!
John shrugs. “Well, I figured I would, considering we’re family, and  I haven’t seen my sons in a decade. Unless you boys have a problem with that,” he answers, looking pointedly at Dean.
So, there you go. Feel free to leave me a review here, and to find me over at thesongsmithtumbles.tumblr.com . We can talk about my stories, or any ideas/prompts you may have, or about life in general. I'm very nice, I promise! I'm also thinking about doing a series of oneshots based on character/ship + phobia prompts, so if you have anything you'd like to see from that, please let me know!
“Have you stopped to consider that maybe it’s the sheer number of times I’ve heard you say things like that? That maybe it’s not the easiest thing, to hear you obsessively rail against the idea that maybe, by some miracle, you might actually want-“
I look at Cas, who shrugs. “So,” I ask, “You did leave, but it was…to figure out where you went wrong?”
Cas considers it for a moment, then kneels beside the bed. Dean smiles, stroking his cheek lightly for a moment before picking up his collar. “Alright then. Now, it’ll probably be a little overwhelming. You’re going to see a lot of different kinds of relationships. Just remember, you don’t have to do anything you’re not comfortable with, and if anything makes you uncomfortable you just tell me and I’ll take care of it, okay?”
He nods. “Well I can certainly see why.” He pauses for a moment. “Hey Dean? Did any of that whole demon story strike you as strange?”
I nod. “I don’t need to. I’m yours.” Something warm spreads through me at the idea.
Love,
Charlie shook her head. “Worse. They arranged a marriage for him. Some girl in one of their friends’ families. From what he told me, she was pretty awful. You know, the stuck-up princess type. Cas was miserable with her, but he felt like he didn’t have another choice. Both of their families were putting pressure on him to marry her, and then once they were married they all wanted a grandkid. He was stuck.”
Cas smiles, stroking my cheek lightly. “That’s what’s important, isn’t it?”
, I remind myself again.
TheSongSmith
Cas nods sadly. “It seems they’ve been doing their homework. There are spells for all kinds of things. You know that.”
“Over my dead body, you son of a bitch,” Dean spits back, struggling to escape the iron grip pinning him to the floor.
They both jump when Castiel’s phone rings, and he reaches over to it, sighing when Gabriel’s name is displayed. He answers with an irritated “What?”
“That’s right. Who do you take orders from?”
I chuckle. “I suppose that would be useful. But you know, the best way to learn is through experience.”
Dean takes a deep breath before nodding, and Cas reaches out for his hand, squeezing it lightly. “Okay. Let’s go.”
“Cas, you have to…I’m sorry, I can’t…please…” I manage to choke out.
A sob escaped Dean, but he smiled weakly. “Really?” he asked softly. “You wouldn’t mind? You’re sure?”
“You’re a pretty one,” he smirks. “I think I might just keep you as a pet.”
“It’s Sam,” he says quickly. “We were driving home, and there was this truck…it came out of nowhere, and it hit us, and he’s…I don’t know…”
I grin, shrugging. “Wake-up call?” He chuckles, his eyes travelling to the bulge still obvious through the thin cotton. “That’s twice in the last half-hour you’ve gotten me hard. I think that means you owe me one.”
Cas grinned, hugging Dean closer. “It’s still nice to hear you say that. We’re so proud of him.”
He has to think for a moment to get beyond his fear. It’s definitely uncomfortable, but he can’t honestly say that it’s painful. “N-No…”
I sigh. “Well, when you put it like that…but how am I supposed to know which desires are okay and which aren’t?”
I swallow, nodding. “Yeah, I think so. It’s just kind of…strange.” He nods, keeping his hand carefully still and leaning up to kiss me again. After a few minutes, the weird feeling passes, and I start to relax. Slowly, he sinks in further, and I moan loudly as his fingertip brushes against something inside me. He smirks, doing it again, grinning as I shudder. “OhfuckCas,” I whimper as his finger moves slowly in and out. He kisses me softly again, my moans getting muffled against his lips as a second finger joins the first, each small movement hitting that incredible spot and sending tremors through me. All of a sudden, I can’t seem to remember why I was hesitant to do this, because it’s awesome. His fingers twist and spread a little inside me, and I bite down hard on the space between his neck and shoulder, moaning again as a third finger slowly works inside. Cas lets out a soft moan of his own, and I growl softly. “Cas. Clothes. Now.” He nods, and suddenly his clothes are all gone, his own erection bobbing against my thigh. I reach down, wrapping my fingers around him and stroking slowly. He gasps softly, his mouth falling open at the sensation. I use my free hand to pull him closer, kissing and licking behind his ear. “Cas,” I breathe, “Did you read about anything else in that book of yours?”
Here I am, back to reformatting and transferring. Hope you enjoy!
Cas hummed in agreement. “He’s come a long way.” It was true; the boy sleeping peacefully between them was so different from the one they’d first met. Even after he’d moved in, it was a long time before Ben would seek them out for comfort, much less talk to them about any upsetting dreams. But now, though he wasn’t having as many nightmares, they often woke up to a tiny third body in their bed, snuggled happily under their blanket. Though he wasn’t always willing to wake them up during the night if he couldn’t go back to sleep, being closer to them seemed to help him relax, and the boy seemed to have finally accepted that he could enter their room, even without a formal invitation.
I laugh at the sudden force behind his words, nodding and threading my fingers through his hair. “Alright, I promise.”
“You’re in the hospital,” Dean explains gently. “You were in a car accident, but you’re gonna be just fine. I’m so glad you’re okay…”
He nods slowly. “Do you ever wish you didn’t have to be anymore?”
After breakfast, when Sam and Cas disappear into the kitchen to wash dishes, I finally get Gabriel alone. “Hey, Gabriel?” He looks up from where he’s playing with the corner of the tablecloth. “Thanks for helping me out before.”
“Okay.”
Cas moves first, too shocked to do anything else, and I take the seat beside him. Dean follows, but remains standing. “Why should we believe you’re God?” he asks. “You got a…business card or something?”
It takes a moment for Dean to assess, his connection to his body still a little shaky. “Awesome,” he decides. “And exhausted. Though it, uh...it’s a little weird...feels kinda...empty,” he admits sheepishly, feeling his face flame. Cas hums thoughtfully, considering him for a moment before gently lifting his hips a few inches. He doesn’t give the human enough time to ask what he’s doing before he lowers him again, straight onto his cock, which is once again hard as a rock and slides in easily through the mess of lube and cum inside him. Dean gasps sharply, his hold around Cas’ neck tightening. “A-Ah, fuck, I c-can’t...t-too sensitive...”
The sounds grew louder, morphing into voices as he got closer. Sam spotted him first, grinning from his place at the stove. “Hey, there’s the birthday boy!”
He nodded. “Yeah, if you don’t mind, Charlie. I think that’d be good.”
Slowly, Cas edged away from the wall and settled at the end of the bed, trying to process this strange turn of events. “An...insufferable mud monkey,” he murmured faintly.
A pathetic little whine escapes me. “Don’t stop!” He laughs, kissing my thigh softly before moving back up to tease my cock with his tongue. He sucks hard, taking all of me in, and I can’t seem to look away from the sight. He fumbles around for a moment, but I’m too distracted to realize what he’s doing until something cold circles the puckered flesh. I must flinch, because he stops, glancing up at me. “Okay?” he asks.
“I know,” I sigh, hugging him closer. “I’m working on it.”
Dean hummed, stretching and rubbing his eyes. “Sounds good, buddy...”
Ezekiel chuckles. “Just thinking. You look happier than I’ve seen you in a long time.”
Dean swallows, nodding slowly as his hand returns to its previous motion. “I was, uh…I was dreaming about…when we moved into the bunker,” he murmurs, his voice hitching slightly. “I always had to…rush this sort of thing when I shared rooms with Sam, but once we were here I had my own room, and I…wanted to take advantage.” His eyes flutter closed as his hand squeezes slightly over the fabric, and it takes all my control not to touch him.
Even Ramiel frowns at that, looking suspicious. "Are you...letting me go? You really think you can change me? I've had plenty of time down here to imagine all the things I'm going to do to your human."
(See the end of the chapter for
He rolls his eyes, kissing my forehead softly. “Rest, Dean.” I grumble about it, but don’t have the energy to move when he gets up. I must fall asleep again, because suddenly he’s sitting on the bed again, wiping at my forehead with a cold cloth. I manage a little moan, and he chuckles. “Morning. Are you hungry? You really should eat something before you take your medicine.”
“Sorry,” Kevin says quietly, “But can I ask…what the hell just happened?”
I frown at him, looking back at Cas. “Do I want to know?” He shrugs.
Cas makes a thoughtful sound, nodding slowly. “Yeah. He is good at that. I’m really glad you found him.”
“Much better. Who do you belong to, Dean?”
His touch disappears for a moment, and then Dean is parting his cheeks, his tongue teasing and probing at Cas’ hole. Cas shrieks at the feeling, overwhelmed by the hot, wet tongue now pushing into him and the light movements each prod causes inside him. He shivers as Dean’s hands knead his tender cheeks, nails scraping over the abused flesh. “Ohhh fuck…” Cas moans loudly, shuddering as Dean continues. “Oh God…your tongue…Fuck, fuck…DEAN!” Dean chuckles, but doesn’t pause in his task, delving deeper into him as Cas’ cries grow more desperate, and now he wishes he’d thought to ask what the rules were about cumming. “Please, please,” he whimpers, desperately trying to both push back against Dean’s tongue and escape the incredible torture of it. “Dean, oh God…
He shrugs, blushing lightly. “I have a reason to celebrate this year.”
Sam’s smile falters a little, but he nods. “Yeah, I guess it has. I kinda forgot how long it’s been. We were all trying to adjust to everything here.”
Dean nodded, kissing him softly. “I’m sure. They don’t get to make me afraid anymore, because I know you, and I know you love me, and that you’d never hurt me. I appreciate how careful and patient you’ve been while I’ve figured this out, and I know you’ve always let me initiate and take control because you don’t want to put pressure on me, but you don’t have to protect me forever. I just want to be normal, and this is what normal people do. And if I can’t handle it, then I’ll tell you, but I trust you, and now I need you to trust me to know what I want, and to stop you if I don’t like something.”
“Nothing bad. It’s just that communication is very important here. I’m happy to hear you say that you still see Charlie when you need to. I’m glad that you have someone you can talk to that you trust. I’d just really like you to promise me that you’ll let me know if you feel like you need to see her. I’m not asking for you to discuss whatever it is with me if you don’t want to. I just want to support you, in the bad times too, and I certainly don’t want to hurt you in any way.” Cas smiles, leaning up to kiss him softly. “What’s that for?” Dean asks, puzzled.
Dean smiles, kissing him softly to erase his frown. “Of course, baby. I will be here for it as often as I possibly can, especially now when you’re still new at this. It’s nothing to be nervous about. This is just a precaution, so that I know you know what to do if I’m not here for some reason. Don’t worry. I’m going to take care of you.” Cas smiles, nodding and kissing him back. “Come on, it’s late. Let’s go to bed.”
Cas frowns slightly. “I’m not sure what that statement had to do with food of any sort.”
“Yes. Of course, at the time, he understood that you wouldn’t allow yourself to do that. But he always wanted it for you. I think he’ll be happy for you. And you aren’t abandoning him. You’ll still be his big brother, even if you aren’t by his side every minute of every day. It’ll be alright, and if retiring is what you want, of course I support you.”
“Charlie?” he whispers. Dean rubs his back lightly, kissing the top of his head as he listens to her for a while. “Yeah, I’m alright. It was just…worse than I expected. I understand.” He sighs softly. “Okay. Thanks.”
“Yes, it’s me. Are you okay?”
Cas hesitated, stepping closer again. “You got a dog?”
Cas hesitates. “I’m not exactly supposed to talk about it, but…” He takes in my expression for a moment, his thumb brushing lightly along my cheek. “I suppose I can make an exception. I may have…stumbled upon her heaven once, long before I ever met you.”
“Don’t sass me, boy,” she admonishes. “I don’t care how old you are, I’ve got no problem putting you in your place. Now, are you going to introduce me or not?”
He frowns. “Well we have time to figure it out. But for now, I think we could all use a day to relax.” He moves to sit next to me on the couch, but Sam gets up, going into his room. There’s a strange feeling in my chest as he does, and I try to rub it away, only to accidentally press against one of the slashes in my chest and quickly abandon the idea. Dean turns the TV on, but I’m not paying attention. Instead, I try to decipher these complex human emotions I’ve begun feeling. Angels are simple. They follow a pattern, and they’re rational. Humans are the exact opposite. They have all these
Dean brightened at the promise, relaxing under Cas’ easy acceptance of his darker desires. “Thank you.”
I frown. “Morning? What time is it?”
He watched as, slowly, Cas’ concerned expression melted into one of understanding, and then into surprise. “Oh...are...are you sure?”
“We can stay here?” he asks, suddenly excited.
Dad nods, letting out a breath. “Of course, that’s...the offer is open, as long as you need. For you too, Sam. If I did those things to Dean, I’m sure I wasn’t great to you either...”
Dean nods, though reluctantly, and shifts a little, pressing closer to him and sighing softly when Cas’ arms tighten around him. “Okay, I’ll try.”
“I’m well aware of that,” Cas murmurs. “Believe me, Dean, if I didn’t want to do this I wouldn’t. I really honestly want this. So please relax, okay?”
“Came hard, didn’t you?” I grin. “Is that what you want, Dean? Want to finish the story?”
Cas frowns slightly. “Why would that upset him so much?”
Sam chuckles. “See if you’re still saying that after we get them to bed.”
Dean laughs, hysterical and too high, letting his forehead fall to Cas’ shoulder. “I want it. Goddamn, I want it so bad. I just…I don’t think I can have it. I’m…broken. Fuck, you saw it last night. You deserve so much better than that. You shouldn’t want me.”
Benny smiles. “Alright then. Just remember to take it easy, okay? I know you want it over with, but you might have to take it slow for a while. One step at a time, alright?”
“Well, it’s your lucky day,” she teased. “Actually I do. I followed that weird pattern, with the missing persons. From what I can see, this thing goes back more than a decade, but it’s kind of random. Different times of year, different numbers of missing persons, and all from different places. Looks like they have a pretty big hunting ground. The bumps get smaller the farther back you go, but they’re definitely there if you look for them. The earliest weirdness I’ve found was almost fifteen years ago. But at first it was just a spike in missing persons cases maybe once a year. It looks like the last couple of years is when they started getting more aggressive. And a vast majority of the people going missing during these spikes are older teenage boys, and a few men in their early twenties. Whoever this is, they definitely have a type.”
“She’s going to love you,” Cas chuckles. “She already loves you. Relax. If you want to make an impression, being late probably isn’t the best way to go.”
“Sammy!”
“He’s a good kid,” the older man hummed, taking another sip from his glass. “Been through a hell of a lot more than he should’ve, but he’s got a good heart. Like another kid I used to know.”
Cas smiles, sighing softly. “About that…why haven’t we done that yet?”
Cas smiles, kissing him softly. “You’re no less amazing than me. Your life might have been different than mine, but it was just as hard. Your father replaced emotions with violence, and I know how cautious you are not to do the same. You’re so careful with me, and you’re protective of your family. It’s really remarkable.” He hesitates for a moment, frowning. “Dean? This isn’t going to be an issue, is it? I know a lot of people are…uncomfortable with it.”
Love,
“Need to cum…” he whimpers, “But I can’t…
“No, it’s okay,” I assure him. “Honestly, I don’t care about him. I said what I wanted to say to him. Now I want to go to our home, and be with you.”
“You seem very sure about that,” Dean sighed.
“I would never. Thank you so much for your help.”
She looked at the picture, something sad crossing her expression. “Did you ask Cas?”
Dean chuckles, shaking his head. “If you say so.”
“Good. Stand up.”  Cas slips from his lap, and Dean follows him up, taking the ends of the ties and leading him down the hall into his bedroom. Cas follows, pausing behind him as he surveys the footboard, then takes him by the shoulders, backing him up against it. “Down,” he commands softly, watching Cas kneel in front of it and gently stroking through his hair. He crouches down, grabbing the ends of the ties and slotting them carefully through the spaces in the footboard, tying them securely so that Cas’ arms are pulled behind him, uncomfortable but not painfully so. He runs a hand lightly along the back of Cas’ arm. “Okay?” he asks. Cas nods, giving him a small smile and watching him pull another pieces of black fabric from his pocket, which he ties firmly over Cas’ eyes. Cas’ heart speeds up at the sudden loss, but he takes a breath while Dean continues to lightly stroke his skin, waiting to gauge his reaction. Swallowing, he slowly relaxes into his position, and Dean makes a pleased sound. “Don’t move.”
Cas nods, kissing my cheek. “Of course, Dean,” he smiles. “We can go home whenever you’re ready. And we can always come back, whenever you want.”
To his surprise, Dean nodded confidently. “That was the hardest part, and I got through it. I can do this.”
I frown at him. “If I wasn’t myself, then who was I?”
Another story finished! It was a little bit difficult, being that I haven't written anything for this story in years, but I hope it was still a satisfying ending. Dean deserves to be happy sometimes! I hope you liked this weird little story, and if you did, feel free to leave me a review! I promise I'll read each and every one, and they really help me stay motivated to keep writing. I could use all the motivation I can get, the world being what it is lately <3 also, feel free to find me over on tumblr, @thesongsmithtumbles, which I've also revived in the wake of this lovely quarantine situation. I'd love to hear from you!
TheSongSmith
He makes a soft hum of approval. “That’s true. Okay. Do you know who I am? Do you believe I’m real?”
Huzzah! So I promise I have not forgotten you. This chapter has been in the works for a while, but with the end of school and my new project things have been a little crazy. I started outlining what will be a new Destiel fic, and I somehow ended up with 9,500 words of it so far. But I didn't want you to think I was never coming back! I'm still very much working on this story, and soon you'll have a brand-new one that I think you're going to like.
Dean snorted, shrugging slightly. “I can’t say I wouldn’t have tried to find out who some weird, mute stranger in my house was. She didn’t find a case for me?”
Dean laughs, quieting his stuttered explanations. “It’s okay, I get it. I’m not, just so you know.”
The angel was absolutely in his space, and Dean would say something about it if he could trust his voice right now. “U-Uh, yeah...yeah, fine. So, what...what are you gonna do now?”
A snort escapes him. “You’re actually going to share pie with me? You must have been more worried than I thought.”
Dean laughs, gently turning him onto his belly and sitting between his knees. Cas moans softly into the pillow as he takes hold of the plug, slowly working it free. “Ready for another round already?”
. “Huh? Yeah. I mean…I guess…”
"Right, well, I was thinking...since I'm not really great at telling you how I feel, maybe I could show you instead, like you do for me. So when I went out this morning, I...did something."
“What does that mean?” Cas asked, puzzled at the conflicting feelings cycling through Dean’s face.
I nod, trying to take an even breath. “Y-Yes. Exactly.”
“I’m doing no such thing. You’re all gravelly and warm. It’s very sexy.” He leans in, kissing Dean softly.
He nods, a small smile breaking his serious expression. “Okay.”
The nurse smiles kindly. “We don’t know yet. The car hit about where Sam was sitting, so his injuries are pretty extensive. But we got him in pretty fast, and he’s young and healthy otherwise. I’ve seen people come back from worse. Don’t lose hope just yet.”
Cas nods, sighing as he’s set down gently in the water. “Well?” he asks, a smile tugging at his lips. “Are you going to join me?”
“What about the witch?” I ask, frowning.
“If it isn’t my favorite doctor,” she greeted cheerfully. “How’s your mystery man?”
He reaches over, starting to fill the tub while I watch him. When he straightens up again, I pull him into a hug. “Thanks…” I murmur. “For everything. You always seem to know what I need.”
Dean chuckles, kissing his cheek. “No, not if you don’t want to be. We can work around that.”
I press closer on my side, taking over back-rubbing duties as Sam disappears for a moment, returning with a wet washcloth that he presses to the back of Cas’ neck. He turns on the light before taking his place again. Between the two of us, the angel manages to take one deep breath, then another, before slowly looking up. “I’m s-sorry,” he stutters. “Usually they’re not so bad.”
I nod slowly, looking up at him. “Alright. I’ll try, okay?” He nods, satisfied. “Give me a minute,” I sigh. “I should apologize to my brother.” He smiles, and I walk down the hall to Sam’s room, knocking softly. He doesn’t answer, and I sigh. “Sammy, I’m sorry. Let me in.”
Cas smiled, squeezing Dean’s hand. “Are you okay?”
“How did you know that?” Dean asks cautiously.
Sam noticed him first, his eyes widening.“Uh, Dean...look it’s not a big deal...”
I sigh, hugging him tightly. “Okay, I promise, alright? Relax baby.” He looks at me for a moment before nodding. “Come on. I think it’s time for you to continue my education.”
“I took care of it, Gabriel,” I interrupt. “No one else will bother him.”
Their phones vibrated with an alert, and Cas opened it, smiling at the video of Charlie. “Let me in, nerds!” she shouted from her car window.
Cas gasps softly, frowning. “That sounds horrible.”
Cas smiles, leaning closer to kiss me softly. “Thank you, Dean. I love you.”
“You know,” I muse while he works, “I don’t think I’ve ever cried this much in my entire life. You’re making me go soft.”
Dean frowns down at the picture, wrapping an arm around his shoulders. “Of all the people, it had to be him.”
Dean smirks, rubbing a hand over his tender ass. “Good. You can do this, baby. I know you can take it. Think you can stay relaxed for me like a good boy?” Cas moans softly, nodding as his hips lift off the bench slightly. Dean slowly presses further, watching his reactions carefully. “Good boy,” he murmurs. “Don’t tense. Just stay relaxed and take deep breaths. I’m gonna take good care of you.” He presses forward again, murmuring soft encouragements and smiling as Cas’ body slowly yields to the pressure. Cas gives a few pained whimpers, but does as he’s told, pushing back against him a little despite the discomfort. He gasps sharply as his muscles suddenly clench tight around Dean’s wrist, the sound matched only by Dean’s possessive growl.
It happened far too often, these days, when Castiel accompanied the brothers on a hunt. It was typical of Sam to be making a stop somewhere for food or supplies, and so the task of checking in was usually left to the two of them. It had taken Castiel a long time to figure out what had bothered Dean so greatly about motel desk clerks who thought they’d want a room with one bed. At first he’d assumed it was for comfort purposes, as putting two or three grown men in a rather small space seemed like it would be inconvenient, even if Cas himself didn’t require a bed. But the questioning always seemed to make Dean downright angry, and Cas could almost time the reaction, from the moment the words left the clerk’s lips to the harsh stiffening of Dean’s posture, the false politeness and barely-concealed disdain he used to correct them.
He presses closer. “Would it have…worked?”
Cas shudders again and nods, his face drawn tight like someone who’s struggling not to burst into tears. “I guess I must have told him about us, about what we do, and he told me he understood. He said he would help me. And I…I wanted you to be mad like I was. So I went home with him.” His words jumble together a little as he fights to keep speaking through the pain and distress, but Dean manages to sort them out. He hesitates for a moment.
“If I get scared or can’t handle something you want me to do.”
“Do you trust me?” I ask instead of answering.
Dean nods a little, staring down at his lap. “Okay. Well…You know how our dad was. I was always the one who had to take care of us while he was off hunting something or another. He’d leave us money for food most of the time, but it wasn’t always enough, and he never left anything for Sammy’s birthday, or Christmas. I wanted the kid to have everything he wanted. No one would hire a kid my age, especially when we moved every few weeks. And I sure as hell couldn’t risk asking dad. So I…found a way to make my own money.”
“I’m serious,” Dean insists. “Look, on some level, I do miss it. But I also…I like this. This weird family thing we have going on here. We can start taking more local cases. Lord knows there’s enough of them. And we’ll give the other ones to someone else. Let them step up for a change. Maybe…now that we have a home, we can stick a little closer to it.”
“Tell me about it,” Cas murmured. “You have access to the missing persons files, right? Can you look into who went missing during the spike, about ten years ago? See if there’s anyone named Dean?”
(See the end of the chapter for
, he writes.
I pause for a minute, debating how to answer him. “I threw out those old porn mags from the library yesterday,” I say finally.
Dean shushes him softly. “You have nothing to be sorry for. I just need to know what you’re feeling.”
A little shiver runs through me, and I shake my head. “Ah…no. Not that I don’t…it’s just that…”
I sigh, rubbing at my temples. “No, Cas is right. I want answers, and he can’t answer for things he doesn’t know about. If he hates me after…then at least I’ll know for sure. But I…if I do this…I want to show him everything. Not just things he was here for, but…all the stuff that happened after too. I want him to understand what it felt like. And I want him to see how hard I’ve worked to fix what he did.”
Dean nods. “That’s true. Things have been a little crazy lately. But now that you’re moved in, and you’re off for the summer, it’ll be easier. I’m looking forward to making this room ours.” Cas smiles at that, leaning into his shoulder for a moment, but when Dean looks over his eyes are far away. “Something on your mind?” he asks, nudging him a little.
Dean nodded. “Well, that’s sort of the thing. I love being here. I do. You’ve done so much for me. And I’m so grateful for that. I just feel like I’m this...drain on your life. You’re just always doing stuff for me, and I can never give anything back to you. I don’t want to be that way. I was thinking maybe I should…go.”
He frowns. “I thought he couldn’t, with the demon blood thing…”
“No, it’s not your fault,” Cas insists. “I just…I have this thing where I find it really hard to believe that I deserve to have him. I was mad that you two worked so perfectly together, and I guess I got scared that he’d realize he deserved better than me. But even after I was rude to you, you still came to help me. And not just because he asked. You were really nice to me. I mean, it’s all still a little fuzzy, but I do remember you holding my hand and telling me it was going to be okay. You didn’t have to do that.”
real...” he murmured, relieved.
It was excruciating, to push him away when every fiber of Cas’ being was screaming to drag him closer and not let go, but he managed, breathing hard, though it was unnecessary and did nothing to calm him. “Dean...you can’t...you can’t just do that... I can’t...I can’t fix this if you’re going to do that...please...”
Sam frowns for a moment, but finally nods. "Alright, fine. But I get to help with the wedding."
“Sometimes,” I answer softly. “But we’re going to fix it. Cas, have you ever heard of this happening to anyone else?”
TheSongSmith
"Okay..." Sam murmurs, looking between them all curiously.
He cracks a small smile. “Heavenly.”
I shrug, glancing down at Dean, who’s already falling asleep against my chest. “I suppose we’ll find out.”
“So why do you let me do it?” I ask curiously.
Well, there it is! My first chapter of this in way too long. If you enjoyed it, if you still want to read this story, or if you just wanna make me smile, leave me a review down below! I read every single one, I promise! And I also promise to post the rest of the many chapters I've written.
Dean nods kissing him again. “I’m glad. No pain?” Cas shakes his head. “Good. You’ll probably be a little sore later, but nothing we can’t handle. Is it okay if I stay tonight?”
Dean shrieks, batting at my hands. “No, Cas! No tickle!” He splashes water everywhere as he squirms, and I laugh.
Something in Dean’s expression broke at that, but he removed the hand, and immediately Cas ached for it back, even as he cursed himself for it. “Oh my god,” the human muttered. “I’m such an asshole...fuck...”
“I could never be angry with you for how you feel,” he says softly. He sighs, reaching out to take my free hand. “I am…angry at the people who gave you this idea about yourself. And it hurts me to know that you don’t see your own worth. But I am not angry with you.”
Though uncomfortable at first, the weight of his cock on my tongue is soothing in a way I’m not quite ready to think about. Luckily, I don’t have to for long. I’m not sure where he got the lube from, but slick fingers are teasing at my rim, and I groan softly, managing to spread my knees and arch my back a little further, hearing his soft chuckle. “Good boy. I’m so proud of you. That’s right where you belong, isn’t it? On your knees, having that smart mouth of yours filled with a nice big cock. I might have to start keeping you here more often.”
“We told him we were gonna take you to shoot some pool and watch movies at my place,” the sheriff answered, smirking. “He doesn’t have to know a thing.”
“Yeah, it can be. But I’m used to it.”
Cas nods, somewhat reassured. “Okay. I trust you two. If you say it’s okay, then I believe you.”
“I think they look really good.” I look up at Cas, who has his eyes shut. “Cas, it’s okay, you can look. You’re fine.”
There’s a loud gasp from Sam when we walk into the kitchen, and it’s enough to make Gabriel turn around. He takes in Cas’ wingspan for a moment before a wide grin spreads over his face. “Oh Cassie, you naughty boy. You got it bad, don’t you?”
“That is correct,” Cas nods, looking pleased. “It is your choice whether or not you wish to go and have Dean help you. I am merely here to ensure your safety.”
:Love,
Dean nods, following him over to the couch. He hesitates for a moment before taking a seat as far as he can be without releasing Cas' hand. He can't quite figure out the conflicting needs to be far away and as close as possible, the feelings behind them murky, but he tries to act like it's normal.
A slow, shy smile spread over Cas’ face. “You really love me?”
“You let him
I hear his relieved sigh, and one of his hands shifts up to stroke my cheek lightly. “Alright. Then take a deep breath and calm down. I’m right here.” I nod, slowing my breaths down. After the initial shock wears off, it does start to feel good. One of Cas’ hands slides lower, moving slowly to give me a chance to stop him if I want to. When I don’t, he brushes lightly over what I’ve come to realize is a nipple clamp, and the little jolt that spreads out from it goes straight to my cock. I groan softly at the feeling, and he seems to relax a little. “Better?”
I shake my head, smiling. “Nothing. You look happy.”
Please remember to review! I love to hear from you :D
When the boy wakes a few hours later, he slowly sits up, looking around with wide eyes. He freezes when they land on me, only relaxing when Cas wanders in behind me. “Hello Hadriel,” he greets cheerfully.
He nods happily. “I think that sounds perfect.”
Cas hesitates, thinking about it. “I don’t believe they’ll listen,” he says finally. “They don’t like me, after what I did.”
It comes out as almost a whisper, but I know he’s heard it. He smiles, nodding and leaning in to kiss me softly. “Of course, Dean. I want nothing more than to help you do that. All you have to do is trust me. I’m here.” He brushes my hair back lightly. “Shall we continue?”
God smiles. “Now, I think I’ve figured it out. And it’s all thanks to you, Castiel. You are one of my highest creations.”
Cas nods thoughtfully. “What about the other two?”
“Usually, once you take your punishment, it’s over,” Dean murmurs. “You’ve paid for what you did. But it didn’t work, this time. The guilt never stopped.”
“How’s that?” I murmur, grinning.
I chuckle, pulling him closer. “You know the expression “God knows”?” He nods. “I’m not sure even He really knows.”
He’s getting ready to bite again when he’s suddenly pulled away. At first I think it’s the concussion I suspect I have from the terrible headache I’m getting, but then Cas appears. “Don’t touch what’s mine,” he growls, holding the vamp off the ground by his shirt collar. “I don’t like to share.” Suddenly, the vamp vaporizes, along with the one behind me, disappearing into a cloud of dust. Immediately, Cas softens. “Dean? Are you hurt?”
“Well, uh…you remember when we were trying to stop the apocalypse, and Sammy and I ended up in heaven?”
“Mostly from here,” Cas answered. “I used to work at the big city hospital, but after...some things happened, I decided to leave the area. When I moved out here I realized there was no doctor close to Hazelwood, so I made my house a kind of outpatient center, since the main hospital is so far from here.”
Benny considers it for a moment, looking between the two of them. “I think you’d be fine for most things as long as you’re feeling up to it,” he says finally. “Just stay away from the tender spots and you should be fine. No direct force over the area yet.”
Now that he’d mentioned it, Dean did have a vague memory of that conversation. It made sense that Cas would have needles, he was a doctor. Dean blushed, feeling stupid as he shifted back down the couch.
I sigh softly. “Hey, you don’t have to apologize for any of that. We’re family. We take care of each other. There’s nothing wrong with needing a little help, Cas. I don’t mind any of it. Honestly, after the scare you gave me earlier I’m just thrilled you’re alive. Everything else…whether you want to talk or not talk, or sleep in my bed, or hold my hand…I don’t care about that stuff, man. I’ll do whatever it takes to get you through this. And then I’m going to hunt down the bastards who hurt you and do unspeakable things to them until I feel better, and they’ll wish they’d messed with somebody else’s angel instead of mine.”
He had to think about that one for a moment, but then the little voice in his head said
Cas smiles. “If it’s so casual, why did you want to put my collar on?”
He smiles. “Good. See how easy it is when you talk to me?”
“Yes, well, a lot of things are a shame,” he answers curtly. He looks over to Dean, who’s still staring at him in the mirror, nudging him lightly. “This is Dean.”
Cas hesitated, glancing over at Dean as he slept on the couch. “He’s...interesting...definitely a lot clearer than last night, but still not talking. He’s writing more, though, and we had a...kind of interesting conversation...I’m starting to think your theory is pretty likely...”
“As long as you don’t have anything else to add, we can start small, and if we find something specific you don’t like we’ll add it to the list. And I don’t have any problems with anything we’ve talked about.”
Surprisingly, he doesn’t let go. “Cas? I don’t mind if you want to stay there.”
Cas smiled slightly at that. “I’m not planning to, just so you know. But I know how hard it can be to trust other people, especially when you don’t know them. So please don’t think I’ll be mad at you if you don’t. I understand. Now, I think you should probably take it easy for today; give yourself another day to rest and heal before you start moving around much. But you can watch a movie or channel surf or pretty much whatever you want as long as it involves resting.”
I frown, leaning in to kiss him again. “I’m fine, Cas. What are you thinking about? You’re starting to worry me.” I stroke a hand lightly through his hair, and he swallows.
He disappears, leaving me with Cas, who tugs me down to the bed. “That’s a very brave decision,” he murmurs, squeezing my hand lightly. “I’m so proud of you.”
The angel frowned at the shower wall. “That’s none of your business.”
Gabriel smiles slightly, nodding. “Thank you. And if you hear anything…”
I chuckle. “Who made you boss?”
He raises an eyebrow at me. “Something you’d like to say?”
I feel his breath stutter. “N-No…”
He shrugs. “I don’t know. You’ve had a while to think it over and change your mind.”
His finger continues to circle as he takes me deeper, and I find my muscles releasing again. After a while his tongue teases that wonderful spot just below the head, and I moan loudly. Taking the opportunity, his finger pushes in just slightly, slipping in to the first knuckle. I gasp sharply, immediately clamping down on it. “Breathe, Dean,” he reminds me softly. “One step at a time. Do you want me to stop?”
“Of course you didn’t,” he says sternly. “Dean, you…you…I can’t tell you what you did right now, but I will as soon as I can think straight…”
Dean’s eyebrows climbed steadily toward his hairline. “Whoa, where the hell did that come from?”
Sam just rolls his eyes, finding a snack and retreating back into the library. “Whatever you say. Jerk.”
“Castiel. Dean.” He flushes a little. “I’m sorry, I didn’t intend…”
“See?” he murmurs. “I’m working on it. I should have realized before how much I really do trust you. I know you’d never hurt me.”
I chuckle softly, bringing the fingers of my free hand up to his lips, smirking as they part immediately to suck on two fingers. “This what you did, Dean?” I murmur close to his ear. “Got your fingers all nice and wet?” He nods frantically, and I slowly pull my fingers free. “And what did you do with them?”
“I see...” John murmurs, nodding slightly.
“I’m not letting you go until you tell me what’s going on.”
Cas nods. “I think it just…caught me off guard. You were…a lot gentler than research suggested you’d be.”
, Cas?” he spits. “You want me to sit here and cry to you because daddy didn’t love me? You can fuck off, okay? You have no idea what it’s like. None of you do! You don’t know what it’s like to be a five year old with a dead mom and a baby to take care of in between shooting lessons, because by the way, every fucking thing in the universe wants to kill you! You don’t know what it’s like to tell your brother that monsters aren’t real and then wake yourself up screaming every night! Or to keep it to yourself when dad should’ve been home three days ago, and he’s either drunk off his ass or dead somewhere! You have no idea how it feels to not have anyone to talk to about your life, because they’ll either put you in a strait jacket or take away the only family you have left. Or to have every relationship you’ve ever had be doomed to fail because you can’t tell anyone anything true about yourself. Have you ever flunked out of school to see if anyone would
Gabriel wanders out from the bedroom, yawning and rubbing at his eyes. “‘S there bacon?” he mumbles, pressing up against Sam’s side happily.
Dean laughed, nodding and pressing closer, his fingers tracing light patterns over Cas’ hip. “What a tragedy...How will I ever survive...”
“Yeah, he’s making dinner. Or burning it, more likely.”
I swallow, holding back a moan for a moment. “Can you…” I try to illustrate my point by grinding my ass back against him, and his eyes flutter closed for a moment.
Slowly, the shadow of his usual grin disappears, and the angel pales, and then, to my surprise, he blushes. “I was telling the truth,” he mumbles. “It’s a grace-binding sigil. I’m not doing anything to Sam...”
Cas take s a deep breath, nodding. “Yeah, fine. I just…didn’t want to accidentally run into anyone alone.”
“I’m s-sorry Cas…” I stammer out, unable to loosen my hold on him.
Now, he’s in his usual spot on the floor, soft black rope binding his wrists together at the base of his spine, currently the only adornment on his otherwise naked body. Back straight, knees apart, chin up, the way Cas taught him. A few years ago he would have been mortified, unable to reach the angel’s eyes as his cock twitched against his stomach, proud and hard despite the fact he hadn’t even been touched yet. These days, though, he can’t really bring himself to be ashamed, and Cas likes looking him in the eye. He can already feel his muscles starting to relax as he waits to see what nonsense the angel will come up with this time. Whatever it is, he’s sure it’ll be fun.
Cas sighs, looking over at Dean. “There’s the Gabriel I know.”
Cas shakes his head. “Good,” he gasps out as Dean repeats the motion.
I chuckle, leaning in to kiss him softly before we step into the room. He takes a seat, watching me as I explore for a few minutes, stopping in front of a display. It only takes a minute to recognize the strips of leather as collars, and I shiver. “Hey Cas? What…what are these for?”
I hesitate, glancing at Cas, who shrugs again. “Fine. For now. But if you hurt my brother I’ll hunt you down myself.”
I can’t help but smile, shaking my head. “You’re ridiculous.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Cas, are you…blushing?”
“I had coffee this morning.”
For a moment Cas tries to answer, and then he realizes he can’t. “I’m not, Sir,” he answers quietly. “I was just…breathing. Your heart…I…” he trails off, suddenly feeling silly, but Dean smiles.
“Have I done something wrong?” he asks cautiously.
“Somehow that doesn’t seem like a complaint.”
He sighs, shaking his head. “I don’t know. I don’t know what the right thing to do is. I understand your anger, but to torture them all seems…excessive. I’d rather not think about it now, honestly. I just want to be happy with you.”
He shakes his head, panting for a moment. “I’m okay. It’s back. It was just a little… overzealous.”
I nod, pulling Cas closer. “Right. Well. Thanks.”
Cas hums in response, then cranes his neck to look back at him. “What’s coming?”
, the very evidence of his defect, were now betraying him, made him feel sick. And Dean had seen it, had witnessed his weakness, and now he knew. Now he’d want even less to do with Castiel than he had before.
Cas follows me into the kitchen, watching while I search through the fridge. “I must say, you have taken to helping Hadriel more than I thought.”
“I know,” Cas answers, the words drifting toward a moan of pain. “But you know I don’t really drink very much. I thought it would help if I could just stop feeling for a little while. But I accidentally got drunk. Like, really drunk, Dean, and there was this man…” A rogue sob escapes him, and Dean runs his fingers through his hair again as Cas suddenly looks up. “I’m so sorry, Dean. I shouldn’t have done it. I was just so angry and confused and he was so nice...”
Something strange happens in the angel’s expression, and he looks almost pained, though Dean doesn’t remember him ever wearing that particular face. “Dean,” he says slowly. “You’re not making any sense. It is me. And I would never hate you. Please listen to me.”
He frowns a little. “Research? You have a new case?”
“I’m just glad I could help,” Cas answers. “Now, let’s try to take your mind off things for a little while.”
Cas nodded, shrugging slightly. “I know. I’ve thought about that, but...the risk is worth it, if I get to build a life with you. And I wouldn’t want to live in a world without you in it anyway. It means I’ll have a limited number of days left, but...it also means I get to make those days count. I’ve made my choice. And, to prove it, I...I have something for you. A birthday present.”
Something shifts in Dean’s expression, and he nods. “Yeah, actually, I did.”
A weak, watery laugh escaped the human, and he nodded. “So much...more than anything, Cas, I...I’m just an idiot, I thought there was no way you’d ever feel that way about me, and I didn’t want to lose you. But I should have told you...Hell, I should have told you
He shakes his head, interrupting me. “Did you mean it?” he asks again.
“You really are beautiful Dean,” he murmurs, softly. “Especially when you relax for a minute.”
“Alright, if you think you can do better, be my guest. I’m going to work on…something else.”
“Good boy,” I murmur, slowly pulling him down to the bed. “You’re my amazing boy, and that doesn’t change based on who is here, nor would it have changed if you’d been successful in taking this harness off. It might serve as a reminder, but you know who you belong to, with or without it.”
He snorts, rolling his eyes. “It was kind of obvious, Dean. He was purring in your lap all morning. Not very subtle, jerk.”
“Jody showed me everything they added to secure the place, and Charlie approves of all the tech. It’s like Fort Knox over there. We’re gonna be okay. I’m just...really happy to get back to some sort of normalcy with you.” Dean nodded, pulling up to the gate and punching in their new code, watching as the gates swung open enough to let him ease the car up the long driveway. Once parked he turned the car off, staring up at the house for a long moment. “You okay?” Cas asked softly.
Her expression shifts to one of concern, and she nods, sitting down in a chair. “Of course. Is everything okay?”
“What about it?” I ask.
Hello my friends! Things have been busy with the start of school, but I haven't forgotten you. This chapter is a little short, and it turned out a little angsty, but I kinda like it. Let me know what you think!
He swallows and nods. “Yeah. I think I just remembered a lot of what I was missing.” He sighs, resting his cheek against Dean’s chest and feeling his still-pounding heart. “I’m okay,” he murmurs, smiling a little and rubbing at the spot gently. “You can breathe.”
Cas laughs, rummaging for the small bottle of lube. “Point taken.” He sits back on his heels, one hand lightly stroking Dean’s cock as the other prods at his entrance. Though hesitant, after a few minutes he carefully pushes in to the first knuckle, stopping when Dean’s body clenches around the intrusion. He looks up worriedly.
Sam nods. “Alright. We can try. I’ll meet you in the living room.”
He chuckles, brushing my hair back lightly. “Of course I am. I woke up with you on top of me. It’s at the top of the list of things I like waking up to.”
She blushes, opening the door wider to let him in. “You’re not too bad yourself. And for the record, I’m sorry for what’s about to happen.”
“Yeah. Well, I know you spend most of your time there anyway. All the kids like you, and the animals too. You have a talent for it that I’ve just never had. And you’re certainly knowledgeable. I think it could be something great, if I had more time to give to it. You don’t have to, of course, but…I thought you might like something to do.”
“If you don’t mind…”
I wake up feeling like an anvil is sitting on my chest, and I wake Cas up with a coughing fit. He frowns, blinking up at me. “Dean? Are you alright?”
Sam nudges me, nodding towards Cas, and I look over just in time to see patches of his feathers go white. “Um…Cas?” I murmur. “Your wings…” He frowns, looking over at them, his eyes widening as he notices the change in color.
You guys are awesome! Here's chapter two for ya :D
Cas grins. “Just a little decorating. We’re a family, right?”
I frown. “That’s not exactly what I meant,” I say quickly. “It’s not that I definitely don’t want to do…that, but…I just need some time, okay?” Finally, he smiles, relaxing, and nods. “Is it just going to be there all the time now?” I ask.
“It’ll warm you up.” I grin. “Come on, I’ll even go with you.”
Dean smirks. “Well if I told you it wouldn’t be a surprise, now would it? You just relax and let me handle that.”
I look up at him, puzzled. “What?”
“Hey Cas?”
Dean huffs. “Is it a crime to want to make sure he’s going to treat my daughter well?”
“What, exactly, am I doing?”
“It’s alright,” the angel shrugged. “The only problem is that I won’t be much use to you in the fight against Chuck like this.”
He opens his mouth to tell him that, yes, it was definitely better, but is interrupted by a young blonde woman who looks between them curiously. “Found a new playmate, Dean?” she asks. There’s teasing tone in the words, but Dean frowns.
Cas nodded. “I had something to talk to you about as well...maybe we should...sit down?”
He pulls back to look at me for a moment. “Okay,” he says finally. “It’s okay. I forgive you.”
“Don’t,” he interrupts. “It’s not your fault. I’m just glad that you came to me when you needed help. And I’m sorry. I should have listened to you.”
Cas smiles, leaning in to kiss him. “I love you,” he murmurs.
“I think he’s always liked it,” I admit. “He just doesn’t believe he deserves it. Perhaps you’re right. Maybe this will change that.”
“Right, right. Sorry.” He squeezes Cas’ hand hard as they walk into the café, Cas quickly locating the shock of red hair.
“Honestly? It wasn’t anything like I was expecting. I actually…I think I can do it long enough to prove to myself that Crowley didn’t win. I can’t say I’ll definitely like it, but…seeing the way you took care of him helped.”
Cas frowns. “What do you mean I popped out?”
“Why do you think that is?” I ask. I’ve always known our friendship was different, but is it possible that there’s something else going on?
“Kind of a lot, actually...”
TheSongSmith
I nod, taking a deep breath and relaxing again. Cas scoots closer, settling between my knees and reaching out to wrap his hand around my shaft, stroking slowly. “
“Shh…” Cas murmurs, putting a hand over his mouth. “’M clean…”
Dean smiles. “We should get cleaned up. We’re supposed to meet Sam and Gabriel for dinner soon.”
Cas considers it or a moment. “Do you think you could…at least for now, I think it might help if you stayed in contact with me. Not that I don’t trust you to stay, just…”
He’s not sure what he expected, but it certainly wasn’t a fuming-mad Gabriel and a confused-looking Sam. “Okay Dean-o, where is he? What have you done with him?” Gabriel asks, jabbing a finger into his chest as he storms into the apartment, Sam trailing behind.
“Finding the alcohol,” I admit.
Dean had thought the angel would give up on the touchy-feely crap once he was sure he wasn’t going to try to off himself again, but he never did, and as the weeks went by he got used to the casual affection, even enjoyed it, though he’d never admit that. Cas knew it anyway though, even before Dean had fumbled his way through an awkward, word-salad confession one night, when he’d had a few too many drinks and had to tell the angel that he loved him. Cas had laughed, kissing him softly and telling him that he’d already been aware. He couldn’t hide his happiness as, slowly, the playful, confident Dean he’d known started to emerge from the darkness again. Still a little bruised, and still missing his brother, but it was his Dean again, if a little softer around the edges.
He made his slow way downstairs, and Castiel smiled when he entered the kitchen “Hey, I hope pancakes are alright, I’m making blueberry and chocolate chip.” Dean nodded, carefully taking a seat at the table and smiling slightly as Cas set a plate down in front of him. “Something on your mind?” the man asked curiously, examining his face.
He smiles, settling himself on top of my chest. “Love you too. So it wasn’t bad?”
“No,” I assure him. “It was because of you, but it wasn’t your fault. I take great pride in the color now. Because it means I saved you when no one else could. I don’t care so much now if they think I’m different because of the color of the feathers, or because my wings are unusually large. I am different. I’m the only angel who could have made it into Hell and back and saved Dean Winchester. The first angel to truly feel love. And the first to truly fall in it. I was always meant to be different. I’m not ashamed of that.”
Dean chuckles. “No. Benny has a wife.” At Cas’ confusion, he chuckles. “Yeah, it’s complicated. Don’t worry about it.”
“Because you’re a kinky bastard, Sir?” I smirk, half-hoping he’ll punish me for mouthing off.
“I will still love you,” Dean finishes, sitting down beside him. “But he is going to like you, I’m sure of it. We’re just going to go have lunch and talk, that’s all. All you have to do is not have a heart attack before we get there, okay? It’s gonna be fine, I promise.” Reluctantly, Cas nods, leaning in to press their lips together softly. Dean chuckles softly as he deepens the kiss. “You might have just gotten dressed for nothing,” he murmurs, grinning.
Dean’s mood lifts further once in the Impala, and he hums along to the radio, tapping against the steering wheel while Sam spreads out in the back seat with his papers. I smile, reaching over and taking one of his hands, and he grins. “Hey guys?” Sam says after a while. “I might’ve found something. Looks like all the adults who have gone missing are parents of kids at the local elementary school.”
After a few hours, Dean stirs, frowning. He wakes with a gasp, and Cas runs a gentle hand through his hair. “Hey, it’s okay. Just a fever dream. I’m here. Take a deep breath.” Dean nods, settling back and closing his eyes as Cas feels his forehead. “Feels like it’s starting to break. How do you feel?”
is not your friend!”
It took all of Dean’s strength not to growl at them. While the kid was innocent in this, Dean knew exactly what Sam was doing. Ever since his relationship with Cas had become public knowledge in the bunker, Sam had been not-so-subtly pressing him to name this...whatever it was he felt. And while he was grateful that Sam and Jack had been nothing but supportive when they’d found out about his relationship with the angel, their insistence on bringing up the gay thing, casually, as if he might not notice, was really getting on his nerves. Cas made him happy, but he definitely didn’t feel the need to label what they had. It just wasn’t necessary. “What do you even want to go for, anyway?” he asked Cas, just barely resisting the urge to throw something at his little brother.
I grin as I pull him into my room. “To do more experimenting.” Closing the door behind us, I coax him onto the bed, sitting down beside him. “Are you sure about this, Cas?”
The knot in his chest finally relaxed as their hug went on far longer than Dean usually allowed, and Cas couldn’t help but melt into it, relief and exhaustion and elation growing into a heady mix. He felt the human turn to look at him after a few quiet minutes, but couldn’t quite bring himself to shift from the comfortable spot he’d found in Dean’s shoulder.
“Look at you, Cassie,” Gabriel teases. “Using that big head of yours.”
Dean lets out a shaky breath once he’s out of sight, but his tense posture doesn’t relax. “Excuse me,” he manages after a moment, disappearing down the hall.
“That’s my good boy,” Cas praises, delighted at the way Dean is already melting under the smallest of touches. “This body belongs to me now, and I’m in complete control of it.” He kisses Dean’s temple lightly as he pushes the vibrator up a notch, then pulls the panties down to rest just under his cock, one hand stroking lazily as the other drifts up toward his throat. Dean jumps  at the touch, and Cas shushes him softly, his fingers stroking lightly across the delicate skin. “Gonna make you feel so good,” he promises, his fingers wrapping around Dean’s throat. He feels Dean relax a moment later, releasing himself to Cas’ control, and his grace surges up with the pride and power he feels. “That’s it, beautiful,” he whispers, scraping his teeth along Dean’s jaw. “All mine.” He increases the pressure slowly until Dean gasps, his eyes going wide. He isn’t cut off completely, but the restriction is enough to force him into dramatically slowing down his air intake, far too slow to keep up with his pounding heart. “Shh, don’t fight,” the angel is whispering in his ear. “Just feel...I’ve got you.” The soothing voice quells the instinctual panic in Dean’s brain, and If he had enough air to make a sound, he would moan. Instead, Cas feels the hunter’s body go limp, surrendering to him, even as his cock pulses hard, and the angel moans for him, the thrill of power going straight to his own cock, which is quickly filling where it’s pressed to Dean’s back. He holds it for only a couple of seconds before releasing him and watching his body spasm as the oxygen floods his system again. “Okay?” he asks cautiously.
I snort. “Are you kidding me? I’ve never been so turned on in my life. Don’t you dare stop!”
Cas laughs, then tries to cover it with a cough. “Hey, you’ll be fine. Just hold onto me, and it’ll be over before you know it.” Dean grumbles, but when the roar of the engines starts up and the plane starts to race forward he grabs onto Cas’ arm hard. Cas chuckles, wrapping an arm around his shoulders and pulling him close, humming a classic rock song that Dean likes to sing along to when he cooks. When his drink arrives he downs it quickly before returning to huddle against Cas’ side. “Don’t worry, Dean. I won’t let go.”
“Really. Honestly, we’ve gone through worse than that. It’s not like I mind having you around. It doesn’t have to be a big deal. You have to learn to relax once in a while. Just take it easy, okay?”
“He’s kind of right,” Benny cuts in. “I appreciate you calling me.”
“I don’t know,” he answers finally. “But I think I probably should.”
“Are you sure you want to do this?” Rowena asked, her hands hovering over various bowls of ingredients for the spell. “The Empty is an old and powerful thing, and from what I hear it’s angry. Just because it isn’t supposed to keep human souls doesn’t mean it won’t try. And it won’t be happy with you for waltzing right in. Not to mention that this plan is a hypothesis at best. We don’t know that it will work.”
“You know, if you ever wanted to talk about it, we’re here,” he says.
He stares at me for a minute before nodding. “As long as you understand what this means, I’ll do what I can to help.”
He chuckles. “I guess that’s true.” He parks a few blocks away from the nest. “Come on. We’ve got some bloodsuckers to behead.” We sneak through the nest, taking out vamps as we go, and Dean has this crazy sort of zeal that I haven’t seen in him since he was a teenager. When we finally make our way to the main room, we find it surprisingly empty. “This feel like a trap to you?” Dean mutters. I nod, and suddenly the room is swarming with vampires. We manage to hold them off for a while, but soon there’s just too many of them, and I lose sight of Dean when one of them slams me into a support beam, pain spreading through my back, head, and wrist where I collided with the metal. When my vision comes back into focus, I see Dean struggling in the hold of another vamp while the one who flung me across the room holds my wrists pinned behind me. Normally I’d be able to twist out of his hold, but the pain in my wrist and shoulder becomes unbearable with even the slightest pull. I can’t do anything but watch as the vamp leans closer to Dean.
“I know,” I assure him. “Honestly, I don’t think I have anything cohesive enough to talk about yet. But thank you. I’ll let you know if anything worth talking about comes through.”
“One step at a time,” Dean chuckles. “Besides, when we finally get there, you won’t be wearing your collar. Not the first time, at least.” Cas blushes at that, and Dean smiles. “I’m so proud of you, Cas.”
Dean laughs, hugging Cas closer. "Oh my God, they're adorable..."
Cas smiles, looking down at our bound hands for a moment before glancing up. "Nervous?"
I snort, shaking my head. “Do you not remember how we met Gabriel?”
Dean chuckles. “I was just asking if you were okay.”
“Dean, we gotta get moving,” Sam murmurs.
“No,” he protests, yawning. “Not at all. Besides, I have research to do.”
Dean hesitated, rubbing at the back of his neck sheepishly. “He, uh...he’s not here. He’s fine though, don’t worry,” he said quickly in response to Cas’ alarmed expression. “More than fine, actually. See, when he absorbed all that power, he...became the new God. He put everything back in balance, and now he’s...off doing God stuff, I guess. But he’s good, everything is good.”
He gives a hard pull as he comes up, smirking at me when I whine at the loss. “Yes Dean?”
Cas just shakes his head, looking close to tears. "When I opened my eyes you were just passed out...I thought..."
I frown, trying to get my fingers to stop shaking as I carefully match each one to the marks on Cas’ wing. “I did this?” I ask. He nods. “But…I don’t understand. You said I got that burn because of your Grace. I don’t have Grace. So how did I leave a mark on you?”
“Uh…morning, Cas.” He gives a short nod. “Dean. I’m just, uh…just going for a run. Didn’t mean to disturb your…thing. Sorry. I’ll…see you in a few hours, then. And, uh…you can go back to…whatever it is you’re doing. Bye!”
“Nah,” Cas smiles. “I just love you, that’s all. I’m glad you’re starting to feel better. Is that going down okay?”
I frown, looking between them for a moment. “A few hours ago you were calling him a thing, and now you’re asking him to plug into your brain? And what if I don’t want you inside my head?”
Cas chuckles, nodding. "I think I could manage that. There are a few places I've grown fond of. Have you...given any thought to the bunker?" he asks carefully.
He chuckles softly, stroking his cheek. “You’re watching too much porn, sweetheart. Yes, you’re allowed to do all those things. You’re a human, not an animal. Formal events might have different rules, but here everyone has a different way to play. No one is going to get mad at you, and if they do they’ll have me to deal with. Don’t worry. I’m not going anywhere. Ready to do this?”
Love,
“It was just a blend of different compounds that your body was lacking.”
I can’t help but laugh. “I guess you’ll just have to trust that I won’t calm you to death.”
They sat together, chatting happily, until Ben started rubbing his eyes, leaning into Cas’ side. “I think we’ve all had a long day,” Cas hummed, kissing his head. “Time for bed.” They said their goodbyes, Charlie giving them each a tight hug, before shepherding Ben upstairs. The boy hesitated, staring into the doorway of his empty bedroom. “You can stay with us if that makes you feel better,” Cas suggested softly.
Dean clears his throat, stepping slightly in front of me, a move that doesn’t go unnoticed. “This is Cas and Gabriel. They’re... friends. They live here too.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well, a lot has happened lately, with the whole God thing and getting your grace back. It’s a lot to take in. How are you feeling?”
He nods. “Feel like a trap to you?” he whispers back.
Dean flushed, taking a deep breath before turning to face him. “Hey, I, uh...I kinda wanted to talk to you for a minute.”
“He must be employee of the month,” Dean mutters.
“It’s not bad,” Cas answers. “Still a little tender in a few places, but I haven’t used the numbing stuff since last week.”
Dean swallows hard, a desperate whimper escaping him without his permission, because hearing the angel say it like that might be the hottest thing he’s ever heard. “Y-Yes C-Castiel...”
Once dinner is cleaned up they curl up on the couch, and Dean captures Cas’ lips in a slow kiss. Cas sighs against his lips, pressing closer. “What’s that for?” he asks when he pulls away.
“Yeah, sorry. I just…do you know who did this to you, Cas?”
I frown, but nod slowly, following his light guidance out of the chair and over to the bed. I sit in the middle, watching as he grips my ankle, carefully fastening a black leather cuff around it. He repeats the process on the other side and on each wrist, checking to be sure they’re not too tight before grabbing a long metal bar. “What are you doing with that?” I ask cautiously.
“That’s not what I...” Dean started, then stopped, frowning slightly. “Oh...is that...that’s what pissed you off so much?” he asked cautiously. And Cas felt the heat rise to his face, once again betrayed by these
“Well I wouldn’t call him normal, but there’s no sign of any head injury,” she answers, grinning. “Just be careful with that cut. Head wounds bleed a lot, so you should notice if it opens again, but I patched it pretty tight, so you should be fine. If anything else starts to hurt once the adrenaline wears off, you need to tell someone. But as far as I can tell, you got lucky.”
He nods, returning to his book as I lean against him, searching through another one. Now that I’m finally comfortable, the exhaustion hits me harder than usual, and it isn’t long before I’m struggling to keep reading. Sam looks over at me. “You can sleep if you want, you know.”
Dean hesitates for a long moment, refusing to meet his gaze. “Alright, fine. Why did you leave?” he murmurs.
“Really?” Dean asked, surprised.
Dean snorted, rubbing his back gently. “Go back to sleep, buddy.” After a few minutes soft snores started coming up from the boy, and Dean smiled softly. “Our kid is pretty awesome,” he murmured.
There’s a small click, a switch I didn’t see before, and I moan loudly as a low vibration spreads through me. “Jesus Cas, are you trying to kill me?”
A smile breaks through his attempt at humility. “It would be an honor, Father, to be able to help. But…I wonder if I might make a small request?”
I wake up in my bed next to Cas, though the memories of how I got here are fuzzy. I wrack my brain trying to figure it out, but the last thing I can remember is the confrontation with the witch, and then some vague images of Cas that don’t make any sense. Still, it can’t be too bad if he’s sleeping and we’re back at the bunker, so rather than worry about it I press closer to him. He stirs a little, yawning before his eyes open. They widen immediately when they settle on me, and I watch him warily for a moment before he breaks out into a grin. “Dean!” he says excitedly, hugging me tightly.
“Well, he did some serious damage, but Benny says you should be okay. You probably won’t feel too great for a little while, but hopefully we can make you comfortable enough. At least your classes are over for the summer, so you don’t have to worry about that.”
The boy nods, jumping up. “Can I come?” he asks. “I could help.”
I shake my head quickly. “I don’t know, but I don’t really want to remember anything else right now.”
He opens the box, and Cas’ eyes widen as he takes in the thin metal rods inside. He looks up at Dean, surprised. “Sir…?”
“Like I said, you don’t have to,” Dean says quickly, rubbing at the back of his neck. “I just thought…”
Sam nodded. “Sorry about that. It was the only way we could think of to get you out. But we’ll figure it out, I promise.”
“Outside the door,” Cas said.
He rolls his eyes at this. “I am an angel of the Lord, Dean. I’m sure I can handle it.”
“Um, Cas?” He turns to look at me. “That’s the closet,” I point out. “Bathroom’s this way.”
I sigh, pressing closer. “I hope you’re right…we’ll see, I guess.”
A shadow of doubt crosses his expression. “But you can’t…I don’t…I don’t deserve that. Why?”
“Not much,” Cas chuckles. “You woke up just in time. I made you some lunch.”
He nods. “Good. Hopefully when he wakes up we can get him to eat something. You okay sitting with him? Want me to take a turn?”
He smiles, leaning in to kiss me softly. “Go wash yourself. Thoroughly. And then meet me downstairs. I have something I want to show you.” I look at him doubtfully, and he chuckles. “It’s okay, I promise. Now go.”
“Yeah,” I nod, “I think he might be having a panic attack.”
“I know,” I sigh. “I know that. It’s just…I guess I’m still getting used to the idea. You’re the only guy I’ve ever…wanted to with, and I guess I’m still a little uncomfortable with how much I want to try things with you. Plus, I’m afraid I’m going to do something really wrong and hurt you or something because I have no idea what I’m doing.”
Cas shouts as his finger drags over the spot again. “Dean!”
“It’s been almost a month,” he answers, frowning slightly. “What’s wrong? Are you having second thoughts?”
He chuckles. “I guess that’s true. Well I don’t think it’s weird, if that helps. Then again, I fight monsters for a living, so I don’t know if I’m the best judge either. So no pain is always a good sign. How are you feeling otherwise?”
Cas blushs. "Oh...?"
Cas frowns, walking over and squeezing my hand again. “Dean? What is it?”
He smiles lazily. “I love you,” he murmurs, moaning softly as I lightly massage the muscles in his back.
I sigh, closing my eyes. “I just don’t understand...it wasn’t...once, or twice...it was all the time...all the stuff that shaped who I became...was it really that unimportant to him that he could forget it all?”
Finally, Dean cracks a small smile. “Yeah, I guess we are. Thanks.” He pulls Cas against his chest, seeming to relax as he kisses him softly. They sit quietly for a while longer before packing up. Dean looks over at Cas as they walk slowly back. “You doing okay?”
Cas goes even redder, and I frown at the thought that Gabriel has seen what happened. For some reason it seems intensely personal, and I can’t help but pull Cas closer. Cas doesn’t say anything. “Is someone going to tell me what’s going on?” I ask, irritated.
“If you’re sure.” I’m not, entirely, but I can’t seem to remember why the longer he continues, and I nearly lose it when he glances up at me innocently from between my knees, his lips wrapped tight around my shaft. “Cas…” I whine, squirming.
I chuckle, gasping as he drags over my prostate. “You’re the boss.”
Cas’ insides lurched, and he just barely resisted the urge to smack his head back against the door, if only to experience pain that could be traced to an easy, knowable source. “Why are you here?” he asked again, trying and failing to keep the tremble out of his voice.
I shake my head. “Not at all, for once. It’s nice.”
I nod, kissing him softly. “I’m sure they did just fine.” He nods, starting to get up, but freezes, staring off into the distance. “Cas?” I ask. “What’s wrong?”
Dean felt his face heat up, glancing away again. “I don’t know about that...been eating a bit too much pie lately...”
He paces impatiently while it rings, relieved when the call goes through. “Hey Cassie!” Charlie greets.
“I dunno,” Dean muses. “He won’t tell me. Just getting that vibe. As long as he’s happy. I stopped by Bobby’s on my way over. Ellen was there. She says hi and that she thinks I should bring you around more often. If that’s not a stamp of approval, I don’t know what is.”
In an hour, I wander into the bedroom curiously. The shades have been drawn, so it takes a moment to find Cas, shirtless and barefoot, settled in a straight-backed wooden chair watching me. “Hey baby,” I murmur, trying to identify anything of interest in the dim lighting. “What’s going on?”
He carefully picks Dean up, motioning for Cas to follow him, and together they lay him out on his belly. Cas admires the pattern of raised welts crisscrossing his back, lightly rubbing a hand along his side. “What do we have to do?”
The next time Cas opens his mouth, all that comes out is a sob. It surprises them both, but another one follows, and Dean holds him closer, stroking lightly through his hair. “Hey, it’s okay, you’re okay,” he murmurs softly. “Just let it out. Just you and me here. I’ve got you, baby boy. Take it easy.”
I chuckle, hugging him closer. “You’re already helping,” I assure him. “I’m okay, I promise.”
Slowly, Cas smiles, kissing my neck softly. “Do you need Daddy to fill you up baby boy?”
“You could say that. I haven’t seen him since I was a teenager. But word gets around, in a community like ours. From what I’ve heard, he hasn’t gotten any better over the years.”
“Then we’d better get started. Meet you in the car.”
“No, it’s not that,” he chuckles. “It just surprised me, that’s all.” He takes it out of the box carefully, smiling at the initials stitched in silver on the front. “You had this done between yesterday and today?”
Dean just nods, kissing him once more and taking a breath before taking the box from him, setting it down on the table and removing the collar. When he turns back around Cas is on his knees, already looking calmer, and he can’t help but smile as he runs a hand through the messy hair. He gently tilts Cas’ chin up, carefully fastening the collar in the back, slipping a finger under the leather to check. “Too tight?” he asks. Cas shakes his head. “Good.” He watches him for another minute, grinning. “I was right. It does look good on you.” Cas blushes, trying to look away, but Dean’s fingers under his chin don’t let him get too far. “No hiding from me,” he murmurs. “Now, stand up. You’ll kill your knees if you kneel on these tiles much longer.” Cas smiles, wincing at the ache already present in his knees as he rises. His fingers go to his throat, feeling along the soft leather for the silver initials he knows are there. Dean watches him, chuckling. “Want to see for yourself?” He steers Cas into the bathroom, standing him in front of the mirror and looking over his shoulder at the reflection. “What do you think?”
But what he’s offering – the chance to stop thinking, if only for a few minutes, to give his responsibility to someone else – it’s too intoxicating, even though he knows it’s only going to make it hurt worse, another memory to torture himself with when he’s alone again. He finds himself nodding anyway. Cas smiles, and it hurts how much Dean would give to have him do it again.
Cas chuckles. "I can think of some other things that might work..."
Hello my lovelies! So sorry about the wait for this chapter; I've been working on NaNoWriMo (and failing at it...), which means I've been a little strapped for time. On the other hand, it means a new Destiel fic at the end of the month! Woohoo! Anyways, we're here to celebrate a milestone...
Once home, Sam finds a vaguely kid-friendly show on TV before he leaves, and Gabriel settles down on the couch immediately. I look down to Dean, who’s still sleeping, his thumb planted firmly in his mouth. “I was not expecting this,” I murmur to him. “But I can’t say you’re not cute.” I smile at the tiny noise he makes, examining the pattern of freckles across his nose, familiar though smaller. For once, he’s mostly relaxed, only occasionally twitching in his sleep. I settle on the couch next to Gabriel, who glances up. “Dean okay?” he asks.
of emotions he could experience at one time, a dizzying cacophony. All of it was beautiful and overwhelming and terrifying, and he'd found that even familiar feelings were magnified tenfold under the lens of humanity. After some research (Sam had taught him to use Google to research his questions after he’d wandered into the kitchen to ask why his penis behaved strangely in the mornings, and both brothers had choked on their breakfast), he’d come to discover that his feelings for Dean were something less than platonic. Though he’d always felt the strength of their bond, nothing had prepared him for the dramatic swoop in his belly when Dean grinned at him, or the warmth that spread from any part of him that Dean had touched fondly. Then, on the heels of that discovery came another, bringing with it the rolling nausea and cold sweat of fear, when he realized there was no way he could ever be honest about his feelings with Dean himself. Dean cared for him, he knew, and sure, the man was all gentle touches and soothing words in the middle of the night when Cas was dizzy with fear and they were alone, but even he couldn’t delude himself into thinking Dean might want anything more than friendship with him. It didn’t matter how much he longed to be able to touch the man without him shifting away, or how many nights he clung on to Dean’s shirt, praying that he wouldn’t pull away so quickly. It didn’t even matter that Cas’ weak, human mind had started to conjure up images of what it might be like if they could laugh and talk and cuddle and kiss uninhibited. Dean’s only interest in him was as a friend. He could live with that. Or at least, that’s what he kept telling himself, when his head got carried away and his heart started beating out strange patterns and attempting to escape from it’s bony, fleshy cage.
“Sammy?”
Dean looked up sharply, frowning. “What do you mean, you never thought he’d say it? You knew?!”
“You just assume that people won’t think you’re worth it, because that’s how you feel about yourself,” Donna said casually, as if she was talking about the weather. “But that’s not how the rest of us see you.”
Dean chuckles, carefully extricating himself from the bed and gently pulling Cas to his feet, chuckling at his groan of protest. He tugs him into the shower, planting soft kisses at the back of Cas’ neck as he gently cleans him up. “How’re you feeling?” he asks, massaging shampoo into his hair.
The angel actually blushed, nodding slightly. “Actually, I...I’ve been considering my own identity lately...it’s a bit difficult to figure out which categories may apply, being that I’m not a human...”
Someone comes out of the stall behind Dean while Cas is washing his hands, and he glances up into the mirror, freezing. “Not entirely, I’m afraid,” the man remarks, smirking.
Love,
Dean smiles, stroking through Cas’ hair lightly. “I am happy.”
John looks between them for a moment, taking a few steps back. “Someone better start explaining things right now,” he mutters, eyeing Gabriel as the hint of a threat leaks into his voice.
“I d-don’t know…” I answer honestly. “I think so…”
Love,
“Not always,” I murmur. “I don’t want to see you get hurt.”
Slowly, a wide grin spreads across his face, and he very nearly tackles me to the bed in an effort to kiss me senseless. “Dean Winchester, you are…truly unlike any other human to ever walk this earth.”
“Cassie!” Charlie squeals hugging him tightly. “I missed you!”
“You’ll stop.”
“Don’t get me wrong, I’m still going to create problems for you,” I grin, making him laugh. “Just not that particular problem.”
Eileen nodded, hesitating slightly while she figured out what to say. “I don’t think we’re that different,” she said finally. “I know what it’s like, to feel like no one wants you around, like you’re unlovable. I was angry too, and only focused on revenge for my family. But then I found someone who loves me,” she smiled, glancing at the hallway Sam had disappeared down. “And I made the choice to let go of that anger, to give myself a chance to be happy. I know it’s not easy, but...you’ve always accepted me the way I am. Why wouldn’t I do the same for you?”
Sam returned after a while, sitting down heavily in the chair beside Dean. “Well, it doesn’t seem like anyone knows much about the Empty, besides that it’s older than God, and that it’s where angels and demons go when they die. Well, their...essences, I guess. And we can’t do the angel-reviving ritual, because Cas didn’t father a nephilim. Anybody else got any ideas?”
“Yeah, actually I think he’s better than he’s been in a long time. We had an…interesting day.”
My dear sweet readers. I am so very sorry it's been so long. I didn't even realize how long it's been! The good news is that I've been working hard on some new stuff, but I have not forsaken you! More on that at the bottom, but for now, enjoy!
He laughs. “It is, I’m not judging you. I’m just…surprised. With all the times you’ve been held at knifepoint, I didn’t think you’d have much interest.”
They continue to dig in relative silence for a while until Sam sits up, grinning. “Hey, look what I found,” he says, nudging Dean and brandishing a stack of photos at him. “Do you remember this? Dad had a case in Texas. It was the first time I ever saw a real beach.”
I follow him down the hall and back to the bedroom, where the sheets are still rumpled from earlier. I raise an eyebrow at him, and he grins, pulling me into a heated kiss. He pulls away only long enough to shove me back onto the bed, prodding until I slide up closer to the headboard, and then his hand wraps around the back of my neck and his lips are on mine again. I can’t help but melt into him; what Dean sometimes lacks in words he more than makes up for in action, and I can’t do anything but follow when he shifts forward until I’m flat against the mattress. The heat of his body draped over me is slightly intoxicating, and when he finally pulls back I find myself a little lightheaded. He pauses for a moment, then drops his hips against mine, chuckling at the sharp gasp that escapes me. He grins, running his thumb along my bottom lip before leaning in to lick it lightly, kissing me deeply again before sucking it into his mouth and biting down gently. I let out a breathy moan, and he laughs. “I told you you’re a big sap,” he murmurs, hot breath against my ear. “You’d make out with me all day if you could, wouldn’t you? Like a horny teenager.”
“Everything,” he murmurs. “It’s just so different up here.”
“It’s nothing,” Dean smiles. “I’ll tell you later. Come on, I think lunch is almost ready.” Cas nods, only pausing for a second when Dean grabs onto his hand as they walk to the kitchen.
That’s all he gets out before I wrap my arms around him and spread my wings wide, pulling us both into the air. The end of his sentence turns into a yelp as Dean grabs onto me tightly, burying his face against my neck as we shoot upwards into the sky. When we’ve gotten to the proper height I try to look down at him, but he’s refusing to budge. “Dean?” I ask. “What’s wrong?”
“Exactly. Not your father, me. You are mine, and if you think for even one moment that his presence here negates that, you are sorely mistaken. Do I think that you are weak, or disappointing?”
I nod slowly. “Yes Sir. It’s not you. It’s just my instinct to build walls; to always have an ace up my sleeve.”
Gabriel nods, smiling. “I do, he’s...I know you don’t believe me, but...I love him, Dean. I really do. I don’t want to mess things up with him. And for whatever reason...This seems to stop me from messing up too badly.” He looks at me curiously for a minute, biting his lip. “What about you? You seem just as unlikely as me. Why do you do it?”
The understanding dawns on me slowly, and for a minute all I can think to do is laugh as I process this turn of events. “I...you mean to tell me that you...big, powerful archangel, Trickster, eternal pain in my ass...you’re a sub?” I manage.
“Yeah, fine,” I chuckle, kissing him softly. “I can play nice sometimes.”
I smile, stroking his cheek lightly. “You want him to stay.”
Cas rises smoothly from the chair, walking over and closing the door behind me. “An experiment,” he answers finally. “First, my turn. Then yours.”
I chuckle. “Yes, surprisingly that was real. Or we all just had a group hallucination. I appreciate what you said, you know.”
He considers it for a moment, anxious. “I thought so. As I said, they were quite…inventive, especially once they found out they could get to me through you.” He flushes, and I think I have an idea of what he means.
Cas rolls his eyes as Gabriel closes the door behind him. “Do you see what I have to deal with?” Dean just chuckles, grabbing plates from the cabinet and sitting down on the couch again. “You know, speaking of kinky sex, how did you end up into all this?” Cas asks curiously.
He nods, leaning down to kiss Cas’ forehead softly. “Okay. I’m going to settle our tab and then we’ll head home. You alright staying with Kevin and Ezekiel for a minute?”
When he pulls away I look up at him for a minute. “Cas? Can I try something?” He nods, following obediently when I take him by the shoulders and turn him around, laying him back against my chest. I shift him gently until his legs fall outside of mine. “Stop me if you don’t like it, okay?” He nods, letting me tilt his head to the side to plant soft kisses along his neck and shoulder as my other hand lightly explores his chest. He sighs softly as I thumb over one nipple, and I take a deep breath as a thought occurs to me. “Have you ever touched yourself, Cas?”
“Night Cas.”
He hugs me tightly, and I chuckle. "You haven't even opened the second part yet."
Charlie nodded. “That’s sweet. Hopefully not for too much longer. Benny is coming this afternoon.”
He shrugs. “You’re doing it again.”
“Oh yeah,” Dean chuckles. “I had some pretty hard drops for a while. Let’s just say I did a lot of crying in that apartment. He was endlessly patient with me and my outbursts. I continued as his for a long time. It sounds stupid, but he really did change my life. He knew how much I hated to think positively about myself, so he used our sessions to trick me into taking care of myself without me undermining it. I stopped drinking and picking fights, cleaned up my act, got my GED. I started eating better and working at the garage. He put me back together by taking me apart. And somewhere in there, I learned to accept who I was. That’s a whole different story,” he chuckles.
The corners of his mouth twitch up in a weak smile. “Thank you. It did help.”
Dean stiffens slightly at the comment, but his expression stays carefully neutral, and John sighs. “Fine, if you trust that thing, I...I won’t kill it yet. But I don’t trust it. And I’ll be watching.”
Dean shakes his head. “No, I think you’re okay. You probably don’t remember because you were scared and in a lot of pain. What do you remember?”
“That’s right,” the angel murmurs, squeezing his hips tighter for a moment. “You’re mine, and I want to play with that pretty hole of yours. And you’re going to be a very good boy, and you’re going to relax and let me do what I want, and let all those pretty sounds out so I can hear them.”
Sam glances up, worried. “Everything alright?”
“What he did...what he said...according to him, he doesn’t remember. Stuff I’ve carried my entire life, stuff I’ve replayed in my head over and over...he says he knew he was hard on me, and that he hit me a few times, but he doesn’t remember...all the crap he put me through, and I...”
I manage to open my eyes long enough to stare into his, watching me earnestly. “W-Well…if you want to, I guess…”
"I'm sure you will," Cas chuckles, swatting at him as they head to the bathroom.
"It's a good idea," he answers. "I want to start fresh. That means I have to let go of all the stuff from before."
I nod. “Yeah, I have. Thank you for that.”
“I know,” Cas answers. He smiles, knowing that he’s already won this battle, but allowing Dean his time to process it. “I was there.”
He sighs softly. “If I’m going to do this, it’s going to serve its purpose. Once I’m done, this is over. No more blaming yourself for hurting me. If this is what it takes to get you to let it go, fine, but I will not do it just so that you can continue to hold yourself at fault. Understood?”
“Hush,” Cas murmurs. “I’ll be fine. Just relax.” Dean mumbles something unintelligible, but he doesn’t seem willing to let go of him either, so Cas takes that as a good sign. He reaches up to the washcloths, folding them in half and pressing one against the back of Dean’s neck and the other against his forehead. Dean moans in response, relaxing a little and leaning into the touch, his breaths evening out. “There you go. That feel better?” Though still a little shaky, he gives a soft hum of approval, and Cas smiles, running a hand through his hair. When he seems to have settled down a little, Cas kisses him temple. “Ready to try getting up? Your bed is a lot more comfortable than the bathroom floor.”
“Well that was obvious,” the girl said, rolling her eyes. “Wait...did you not know?”
Cas smiles, walking closer and hugging them both. “We missed you, Sam.”
Dean glances up at him and frowns. “You don’t think…
Dean grins. “You haven’t looked on the inside?” He leads Cas back into the bedroom, pulling the collar from its box and flipping it over. On the inside, stitched in the same silver thread as his initials, is the word
He blushes. “I didn’t want you to turn around. I was willing to accept your kindness for as long as it lasted, just because I was so desperate for a break. But I still fully expected to have the rug pulled out from under me. It wasn’t until this moment that I changed my mind.”
“That’s what I’m afraid of,” I mumble.
He positions himself carefully, then glances up at me again before pushing forward, filling me quickly and completely. I gasp sharply, clawing at his back at the sudden sensation, my whimpers muffled by his lips as he kisses me hard, clearly dominating. When he pulls away he strokes a hand through my hair, watching me cautiously as I pant. “Okay?” he asks, sucking at the spot behind my ear. I nod quickly, beyond forming words. He groans softly in my ear, digging his teeth into the side of my neck. “Feel so good Dean,” he huffs, kissing along my collarbone.
I pause, shrugging. “I’m not particularly tired, Dean. I can stay here so I don’t disturb you.”
“Agreed,” Dean says. “We’ll just have to occupy ourselves for another few hours.”
Cas shudders a little, but gives a slight nod, and Benny nods back, lightly touching his shoulder as he takes a closer look at the wounds. “Well?” Dean asks anxiously. “Any thoughts?”
“Maybe a little,” Cas mumbles, blushing.
He picks up the book at the top of the pile, and I allow myself to enjoy the heat of the water, managing to slowly relax a little bit. “What are you reading?” I ask.
A look of shock crosses John’s face, and he glances between the four of us for a minute before letting out a short, almost bitter laugh. “Alright, alright, Jesus. What are they, your boyfriends or something?”
Cas flinches as Crowley reaches out to touch his face, but he disappears before he makes contact. When he opens his eyes, Dean has the shorter man by the throat, pushing him up against the railing. When he speaks his voice is dangerously quiet, and his eyes never leave the struggling man in front of him. “Cas, go inside.”
So I’m going to have you answer a question for me. I want you to say the first thing that comes to your mind, without fear. I will not shame you for whatever you say, but if you are not honest with me I will know, and there will be consequences. Understood?”
“You’re just…a giant sappy puppy,” he answers, grinning. “Plus you made me cum my brains out just now, so yeah, I’m blaming you.”
Cas hugs Dean lightly, kissing his head. Meg smiles, stepping closer. “Welcome back, Sam. My name is Meg. I’m a friend of Dean’s, and also a nurse here. I know you’re probably a little overwhelmed right now, so I’m going to leave you with your family for a few minutes, and we’ll get you cleaned up in a bit. Try not to move too much. Only ice chips until we can get you sorted. We’ll figure everything else out later.”
“You have indeed,” Cas answers, kissing him softy. “My turn.”
Sam clears his throat from the corner. “Dean? Can we focus please?”
Cas shakes his head hard, then whimpers at the movement. “No. No. I wouldn’t. But he…”
He moves his hand to reveal Dean’s wide grin. “Oh. Good. Okay. Good.”
? Do you think I’m really that naive?” Dean stared at him, shocked and quickly going pale, and Castiel laughed again, cold and bitter. “Some days I wish you’d just stop pretending. Maybe then it would hurt less. And then to think I wouldn’t notice how utterly repulsed you are at the mere mention? In case you’ve forgotten, I’m a formidable celestial being, the sight of which would vaporize your very existence, who could smite you at any moment. I’m not your ‘pet’. I don’t need your inane human pity, and I never will, you insufferable mud monkey!”
I nod slowly. “A little. First things first, we have to get him breathing again.” I think back to my very first official hunt with dad, when a poltergeist slammed into me so hard that it knocked the breath right out of me. The entire experience was so overwhelming that I couldn’t manage to start breathing properly again. If Hadriel is a typical angel, he’s not going to like what I’m about to do, but Cas looks so worried, and the boy looks so much like a younger Sam that I have to try. I slowly kneel down beside him, wrapping my arms around him and pulling him backwards against me, holding him so that his back is pressed to my chest. He flails a little, panicking at the sudden touch, but with only a human child’s strength he doesn’t get very far. “Easy there buddy,” I murmur. “I’m trying to help you. You’re okay. You just gotta breathe.” The boy whimpers, and I can feel the scraping of each shallow breath as it claws its way in and out of his chest. “It’s okay. I know it’s overwhelming, but Cas and I aren’t gonna let anything happen to you.” He quiets a little, like he’s trying to listen to me. “Alright. Can you feel how I’m breathing?” I ask. He nods quickly. “Good. I want you to try to match yours up to mine. I’m not going anywhere. Take your time.” I make a point of taking exaggeratedly deep, even breaths, ensuring that he can feel each one. His trembling fingers close around my arms, still locked around his narrow chest, but this time instead of trying to remove them it seems he’s trying to ground himself. Slowly, his breathing evens out against me, and after a few minutes he slumps in my arms, exhausted, but calmer. I smile, lightly brushing the damp hair from his forehead the way I used to when Sam was little. The angel flinches a little at the touch, but doesn’t pull away.
TheSongSmith
Cas!” I pant, gripping the bars tightly as one of the beads slips free.
“I am.”
He drifts off quickly, exhausted by pain and fear. Dean sighs softly, stroking lightly through his hair. “Benny, man, thank you. I don’t know what I would’ve done without you.”
“Alright,” Dean agrees, snuggling closer. “We’ll talk about it more tomorrow.”
I can’t help but laugh at that, and he frowns, tilting his head to the side slightly in confusion. This was something I argued over and over in my head when I’d first acknowledged my feelings for him. “You’re right,” I tell him. “I’m not. But you’re not a man, are you?”
Dean chuckles, biting at the still-tender skin of his ass cheek before shifting to lave his tongue over Cas’ hole and laughing at Cas’ gasp. “What? I have to check out the inside too, and I wouldn’t want to hurt you.” He smirks. “Besides, you open up so pretty on my tongue.”
Cas frowns in confusion, looking between the three of them. “Gabriel, what are you doing here?”
There are a lot of things I miss about being an angel. I miss being able to fight my own battles. I miss being the strong one. I miss always knowing what people are thinking, and not knowing what they’re feeling. I miss people looking at me without pity in their eyes; talking to me without that note of worry, the voice hushed and soothing, making me want to give into it. Sometimes I hate how much I want to stop fighting the weakness; how much I want to let them comfort me, how much I want to accept their soft hands and softer words. But the thing I miss most this morning is not being in pain. Because I’ve realized lately just how painful it is to be human. It’s constant, ambiguous, and always there one way or another. It makes me wonder if that’s why babies cry; because it’s just all too much for them. I don’t know how humans do it. I wonder if they even notice it anymore, or if they’ve just grown used to it. This morning, that pain has taken the form of the overwhelming mix of emotion and confusion that has taken up residence in my head, as well as the waves of pain that are radiating through my back. I briefly consider hiding this from Sam and Dean, but when I try to sit up the fire in my muscles is enough to convince me otherwise. Instead, I decide to find Dean and see if he still has whiskey stashed somewhere. The only problem with that plan is that it involves moving, something I’m not sure is going to happen right now. I manage to pull myself up; my body protesting each slow, shuffling step to the living room. Dean isn’t there, but Sam is, a stack of books on the table next to him. He glances up. “Cas? You okay?”
I reach out to pull him down for another kiss, but he catches my wrists quickly, pinning them to the mattress above my head. I can’t help the whimper that escapes, and Dean laughs. “My turn, angel.” There’s an odd clicking sound somewhere above my head, but I don’t really register it because he’s kissing me again, steadily licking his way into my mouth. I don’t pay much attention at all until something cool is wrapped around both of my wrists, and I glance up to find them both bound to the bedframe. I look at him questioningly, and he grins. “Can’t have you moving while I’m tryin’ to teach you a lesson, now can we?”
“Dean!” Cas hisses, horrified. “You can’t yell at God!”
Cas chuckled. “True. But not until you’re ready for that. And I’ll be gentle.”
He considers it for a moment before nodding. “For the first time in a while, I think I am. Or, at least, I’m going to be. Just…promise me something?”
My face grows hotter, and I shake my head, refusing to look at him. "You shouldn't have...I didn't mean to let it get so out of hand...Fuck, I'm sorry..."
“Mine,” I growl again, biting down on the space between his neck and shoulder. I feel him shudder hard as his release rips through him, a stream of unintelligible syllables mixed with my name escaping him. I find myself oddly proud when his knees give out, which would have sent him crashing to the floor if I wasn’t holding him so tightly against me. He trembles hard, panting breathlessly as I carefully scoop him up, sitting down on the bed and settling him in my lap. He purrs softly, clinging closer as I run my fingers through his damp hair. “Jesus Cas,” I murmur, kissing his forehead softly. His eyes open, staring up at me with something close to awe, but he doesn’t say anything, only swallowing and panting softly. He stays that way for a full five minutes before I start to get worried. Probing around the connection in my head, I find only a blissful haze, but it’s too quiet. “Cas?” I murmur. “You’re starting to worry me baby. Talk to me.”
“Oh...oh, no, I haven’t,” Dean answered relieved, “I just...I wanted to apologize for this morning. I know I got all weird, and I...I think I freaked myself out. I’m...kind of terrified that, once we figure out how to give you your mojo back...you’ll decide you don’t want me after all. I mean, you’ll be an angel again, and...there’s so many better options out there. And Jack is God now, so he’ll let you back into heaven. I figured you might...ya know, want to be with someone of your own kind...instead of slumming it down here with me...”
