anything. He sits rigidly, a wooden marionette in a shop of glassworks, and then he can feel the scratch of a stubbled cheek on his jaw as Dean’s lips wander even lower, asking a question with their trajectory, and Cas moves, for the first time in what feels like a century, in answer: he tilts his head back, allowing Dean access to his throat, feeling delightfully vulnerable, grace bubbling with sensation, and then the lips are touching him there, and then, a moment later, the warmth and wet of a
“Yeah, alright, that ain’t happening,” Dean admits, his limp dick between them, “but I got a mean suck n’ stick, if you know what I—“ Dean stops talking, because it’s become very obvious that Cas does know what he means, and is terrified by the concept. “You mean you ain’t never—?”
“I can ask the girls,” Dean offers, “see if they got anything. Hell, maybe Sister Jo will give us a loan. She knows we’re good for it. How much do you reckon it’ll take?”
There’s no real apology at all. On his first read, he decides to cut and run. Cas clearly had an issue with apologizing. Cas clearly wasn’t interested in doing what Dean wanted. Dean rants and raves in his head again, Cas’s side of the argument with lines in his own words now, a perfect starting board for Dean’s thoughts to continue circling themselves.
Cas doesn’t waste any more time. He takes Dean into his mouth and starts wetting him down, lips and tongue warm around him. He ducks his head, taking Dean deeper, til Dean can feel the back of Cas’s mouth, then he sucks, pulling back on Dean’s cock til he’s almost off again, where he gives his tip a quick swirl before hungrily swallowing him back down again.
Dean’s impulse is to call this a crock of shit, but he can’t say that, because Cas is giving him this look like he’s never told a lie in his life. “Bastard,” Dean mumbles. “Saying crazy shit like that. How’m I supposed to stay mad at you.”
Dean nods. Most of his brain is occupied by voices screaming at him to step closer, so he does. “Important to make a good first impression.”
Then, Dean does something to Cas he’s never done before, not during sex, not when they were in the same room—Dean
“I’m just as guilty. I desired your attentions over my own wellbeing. But I’ve learned my lesson. I won’t make the same mistake again, Dean.” There’s a coldness in Cas’s eyes.
He takes Cas into his mouth without hesitation, as if it’s just another job. Just another twenty bucks for burgers and gas. He closes his eyes, focuses on the work. He tells himself he’s okay. But he knows now, knows he’ll always be haunted by the feel of Cas’s lips against his, Cas’s tongue searching his own out. Even as Cas moans with pleasure above him, tears are forming in Dean’s eyes.
Money ran dry, then. Rich young northerners didn’t suddenly decide to drive cattle. Dean can guess at the blanks. His daddy didn’t give him money, either.
“It’s been a long time since I’ve laughed so hard,” Dean admits as they exit the brothel. “More than a long time. Years.” The thought starts to bring him down as he moves to the driver’s side door. With Sam gone, the apocalypse beginning, and Cas—
“Okay,” Dean says finally. “So, what now?” Because that is the real fear: the fear that Cas hates him, that he’ll never see him again, that he’s going to lose Cas because he couldn’t contain his dick one afternoon three years ago.
“You really suck at cuddling.” Dean is smiling at him ironically. Cas glares back. Dean clearly doesn’t understand what a monumental task he’s asking Cas to perform. He looks at Dean’s chest again; bare, beautiful, perfect. How prideful he’d have to be, how presumptuous, to reach out and touch such a thing for no greater purpose than his own pleasure. He must take too long, because Dean speaks again. “If I knew it’d bother you so much I’d have left the shirt on.”
The ride is short, only fifteen minutes, and they listen to music most of the way there. They only share one brief exchange.
“Jack likes them, too.” Cas sits on the bed; he flips it open and starts reading. The water’s hot now on Dean’s hand, so he stoppers the tub and turns the cold tap on. He looks back up at Cas warily, but he’s just on the first page, just reading the book. “I never understood the appeal,” he says, frowning at the page. “They’re so heavily moralized. And usually in the wrong direction.”
We start on Death watching Dean, and then switch to Death’s point of view. Dean is standing now, getting comfortable in this vast space. Now that we’re at eye level, we can see occasional shapes in the distance, and flashes of white light. The Empty is not how we last saw it. There are stars in the sky, lights and figures in the distance.
Cas reaches a hand out, instinctively, to comfort, then realizes it may be inappropriate, draws back before he even gets close to Dean. Dean watches Cas draw back with cynicism. He hates himself for what he’s done to Cas. He never wants Cas to hesitate around him again.
Dean would figure out a way. In the meantime, he’d be Balthazar’s friend, whether he liked it or not. “You know, you seemed happier back then. When we met, I mean.”
However, as more of you guys actually read this dang thing, the more I realized that leaving it here would be the act of an extremely cruel and uncaring mistress. SO.
“‘Smiley?’” Dean mouths at Cas, who ignores him and introduces Dean to the group as his friend, a lie that convinces no one, Dean is sure, given the way Balthazar rolls his eyes and one of the others—Miguel— raises an eyebrow. No one looks mean about it, though.
Cas breathes in sharply. They stare at each other, both surprised to hear it. It wasn’t so hard, after all, saying it. Dean keeps going.
Cas knows. Cas knows exactly what he’s doing. Hell. Dean can’t even talk. It takes him a minute just to gather the sounds together in his mouth around all the moans and cries. “Faster,” Dean finally whispers as he breathes in.
“Goddamn, Cas,” he whispers, pulling on him again, and again, establishing a rhythm that’s absolutely melting Cas. He’s dead, he doesn’t exist, the entire universe lies in the motion of Dean’s hand.
“Dean. Stop assuming things. Stop assuming I don’t like you, or don’t want you. I love you. I like having sex with you. I think I could love having sex with you.”
She rips up the check with quick, efficient motions. “Alright, then. Your friend can bunk in room three. Welcome back.”
Dean shifts, but his eyes remain steadily on Cas’s. “Yes, Castiel.” His cock agrees. Cas caresses Dean’s face.
Cas doesn’t bother to respond, and Crowley lapses, finally, into silence. The world is dark at this hour, quiet. It’s one of his favorite times of day to exist. His thoughts wander.
“Yeah, baby. Makes me feel like you’re gonna—“ he almost says something stupid—“do things to me,” he finishes awkwardly.
“Damn, that’s pretty,” says Dean, lying on his back and looking up at it, all those twinkling lights, shadows of branches waving in front of them in the breeze. It’s been a long time since he’s looked at the stars. Cas climbs on top of him and begins kissing his neck, allowing him to stare at the sky. Wasn’t anything new to Cas, Dean supposes.
“I paid,” Castiel says, as if that’s the problem. “I paid through midnight.” Four goddamn hours? Who was this guy? “I won’t show it to anyone. Do you mind?”
Cas stares for a moment, running a hand down Dean’s cheek. “What do you want? I want honesty. What do you want?”
“Balthazar,” Cas warns, but Dean isn’t paying attention. Another lantern is bobbing down the way, this one carried by a short woman with red hair. Charlie. Next to her walks a tall man. He looks like Sam, he walks like Sam, but somehow if you put a gun to Dean’s head he couldn’t swear he wasn’t John.
That was wrong, too. Age didn’t matter. Size didn’t matter, either. He was as big as John now, after all, and John could come at him with everything he had— hell, he’d done it before, and Dean wouldn’t take a single shot back. He hadn’t taken a single shot back. Size had nothing to do with it. Dean’s eyes burn.
Bobby looks away, shakes his head, and sighs. “You’re a real son of a bitch, you know that?” he says.
He wants—he isn’t sure what. Coffee. Or a whiskey. Friggin’ Nyquil, maybe. There’s a weird edge to the world that needs to be taken off. Sammy must have finally gone to sleep, because he doesn’t bother Dean again. Cas must still be in the library. Waiting. Giving him space to get his life back in order. Was that weird? Dean can’t decide.
“Something on your mind?” Bobby’s staring at him with one eyebrow raised, the rifle resting across his lap.
And then Castiel, irreversibly transformed, is left alone in the backseat to clean the wreckage of his past self.
Cas can feel his heart rate increasing. It’s as if his vessel has figured something out before his mind can catch up. “Dean, what—“ he begins to ask, but Dean has a knee on the seat between them and is lifting up and forward, “are—“ Dean’s face is dangerously close and breathtakingly beautiful and Cas can’t finish the question.
of them into the church. He has to pull out his ‘mom’ voice, tell them all to shut up and get in there and get it over with or so help him
It goes on and on, Castiel describing every part of Dean’s body and what he’d like to do with it, the bites, the kisses, the bruises. He has detailed reasoning for each touch, he has thoughts on what angle he’d like to see Dean’s face and body, he has everything in such detail in his mind it may could have been thought out in advance, but Dean can tell that it wasn’t, that, as requested, Castiel is simply speaking his thoughts, that this is just how Castiel’s mind works: in light and angles and restraints and precise attention.
“Nothing, it’s just. I mean, I didn’t realize you were into that, but I’m thinking about it and— you guys are kinda perfect for each other.”
“I’m fairly certain you’ve only encountered one mountain in your life, and you’re no longer welcome in that town.”
“He shouldn’t pressure you like that.” Cas moves to his pack and starts shoving clothes and things into it.
Cas’s voice is muffled when he speaks. “Dean says ‘hi;’ they’ve finished already. Excuse me.” His voice is suddenly louder again as he says, “We made an Easter tree today.”
It isn’t fair, that they can come back together after all this time and still be the same. That Cas can’t take a hint, but can still see through him the way he does. That Dean can still feel this thing so strongly, like they’d spent the last year together, instead of part of one ten years ago. “It’s stupid,” says Dean.
Cas pulls him over near the bed and starts undoing his shirt, making Dean smile into the kiss and return the favor. Cas is faster; he gets Dean’s shirt off and his britches undone while Dean only gets Cas’s jacket and half his shirt. Dean pauses to sit and take off his boots and britches, and then Cas is pushing him down onto the bed and crawling onto him, kissing a line down his chest, licking his bellybutton hungrily and then finally settling between his legs.
The sheriff ignores his question. “Does Miss Anael always lock you and the ladies up for the night?”
“—Boys, boys, BOYS” says Charlie, putting her tiny body between the two of them. “Ain’t the time for fighting.”
A chair screeches horribly as Cas stands. “Excuse me,” he says. He leaves his food uneaten and heads upstairs.
He’s awake, Cas is sure. Cas pulls himself closer, confident now that the motion won’t disturb Dean’s rest. He’s so warm, and soft. The bare skin of the back of his neck is right before him. Cas could kiss it, if he was brave enough.
It takes Cas a second to parse the expression, but he gets there on his own. “I apologize.” Cas moves to rearrange himself.
“Have you considered Dallas? The schools are better. There’s a phone system. The roads are paved. It’s closer to Jack’s mother. Sam lives here. It’s not far from Abilene.”
“We got everything we need?” Dean grabs his gun and his machete; they’re useless toys against the Empty, but they make him feel safer.
“The boss’s gonna catch you with that chew, and then you won’t even be a whore no more, forget lady.”
The food is good stuff. Dean even has a little spinach with his— the doctors had told him it’d help his back somehow, so he chokes it down along with his meat and potatoes. Cas smiles at him across the table in a way that makes Dean ask “What?” somewhat defensively. Cas mouthes something back, but Dean can’t read his lips. Cas shakes his head and they drop it. They still have a lot left to talk about—ten whole years to catch up on—and when they’re done eating Dean leans back against the hard wooden seat and lets his stomach rest. His back is killing him after the nearly full day of riding and walking. All he wants to do is lie flat in a bed and kiss Cas. He burps.
They sink into the tub, which is smaller than the one at Sister Jo’s. There’s not really enough room for their legs to fit between them, so they sit on top of each other. Dean has to close his eyes and clench his jaw not to hiss as his chest hits the water, but he manages it. When he opens them Cas is staring.
“You should get up earlier,” drawls Meg from the bed next to his, as if she didn’t laze around all day, every day. “Early to bed, early to rise, makes a man—“
Finally, finally, Bela calls back in a singsongy voice to where he’s eating rock hard pie with Donna in the kitchen.
“I can see that.” It was John Winchester, drawn as Cas must’ve seen him through Sister Jo’s door, his face curled in a scowl, mouth open, gun pointed at Dean, who’s scowling right back and pointing with a finger. “Why the hell would you draw this?”
“I’m a very busy man, you know,” Cas says softly. This line came from one of Dean’s favorite pornographic videos. “I don’t have time for disobedient whores. You’re going to have to prove that you’re worth the effort.”
“Some people reckon blood is the only thing that matters,” says Dean, coming to stand over Cas’s shoulder. Cas turns to look up at him. “They think that’s what family is— a mommy, a daddy, and some kids. And they think that gives them the right to treat other people, people who ain’t blood, or who ain’t married, bad. But you’re smarter than them already, Jack. Because family don’t end in blood. Family’s the people you choose. You know that, don’t you? That’s why you done asked Cas to be your daddy.”
Cas smiles, just with his eyes, and kisses Dean’s tip. He opens his lips to surround it and runs his tongue around it in circles. Dean gasps despite himself and tightens his grip on Cas’s head, and then Cas, irritating as ever, pops off Dean’s tip and runs his lips down the side of Dean’s cock, kissing at it until he’s at the base, mouthing and sucking at him sideways. Dean balls his hands in the sheets.
“Sorry.” Dean’s still watching Cas, who had gone to wash the dirty bowl but been waylaid by his comrades, who seem to be talking to him nicely enough, teasing him, maybe. For all they’d given him a hard time earlier in the day, they were taking everything real well. “Should oughta thank you.”
Dean repeats the chorus again, but with significantly more hip movements, which grow even more dramatic as he reaches the guitar solo and starts pantomiming playing a guitar as passionately as he can. Cas feels like he’s going to die.
“Then take them britches off.” Dean lets go of Cas, crosses the room, and grabs the little desk chair, turning it around so it’s sitting in the middle of the room.
He’s so fucking tired he passes out, and when he comes to, in front of his face is Cas with the fucking sketchbook again.
“What I done?” Dean asks, but Balthazar just looks sourly away. “Hey, come on, pal; it’s gonna be a long drive. Tell me what I done.”
Dean leans in and kisses him gently on the cheek. And, well, so what if he kisses Cas on the mouth, too? He’s given the game away in so many little ways already. Cas grabs his neck and holds him there a moment, humming into his lips contentedly, and hell. Dean is in love. He’s only ever fallen deeper in love with Cas. They’re kissing gently, sweetly,
“‘M sorry,” he whispers finally, hating himself for that, too. He’s matching the fucking pattern of it, beat by beat; first came disobedience, then anger, then violence, then it was either justifications or apologies. The boys got justifications, the girls apologies. Always the same. Cas squeezes him tighter.
Cas moans again, pressing down harder and rolling his hips, making Dean sigh out all his breath with how good it feels. “Good little road whore. Came all the way out here just to make me feel good. You want me to use you?”
Dean sits there and waits while Cas searches the room. He feels thirsty, and raw. A match flares, then a lantern is lit. Cas puts it on the counter. The spigot now in sight, Dean hops off the table to grab himself water, but Cas stops him before he can get to the tap. He eyes Dean’s chest with something like horror on his face.
“Good. I’m always good. How ‘bout you?” he asks, lathering up Cas’s chest now. “You done made good use of my picture?” That was something sexy, an easy icebreaker they could talk about. Dean grabs ahold of it.
It takes a moment for this truth to penetrate Cas. He can’t believe it, can’t say anything. He has to let it soak in, see the truth in Dean’s eyes, feel it in the touch of his hand. Cas lets go of this contact and raises a hand to Dean’s neck, then the other hand as well, slowly and softly, as if to move too quickly now might break everything that just happened. He takes a small step forward. Dean lets him.
It’s not a room Dean is generally welcome inside of. Within, everything is decorated in rich reds and purples. There’s a large bed in the center of the room, an ornate dresser, and a mirrored vanity covered in boxes Dean knows contain jewelry. Sister Jo is sitting at the vanity in her nightgown, combing her wet hair.
Cas’s eyes are wide and sad. “I am sorry. It wasn’t fair to you, or Sam. I like to think of myself as a brave man, but I’ve been a coward. I was afraid, Dean. That’s all.”
Cas follows Dean down the hall to his bedroom, walks in, and hears the click of the door as it closes behind him. He turns in time to see Dean before he presses their mouths together, and oh.
There’s a lot of potentially triggering stuff in this chapter, so I’m going to put a TL:DR at the end of this note for the people who want to skip it. Also, if you’re a minor, please skip this chapter and read the TL;DR instead. It just skeezes me out.
Dean pulls back to appreciate Cas’s expression, more than a little smug at Cas’s jealous ass eating his words.
Dean rides. He’s been riding a lot, lately. Beats drinking, he tells himself, and Baby never disappointed him. She didn’t talk, for one thing, and maybe in a situation like this one, that was the only thing to do: just shut up, and go.
“Thank you for doing this for me, and I’m sorry for being rude. I didn’t mean to complain about your actions, only… the nature of the process itself.”
“I’m sorry. Sorry, Dean. I’m sorry. Dean, I—“ Dean watches in wonder as Cas blabbers on, just apologies and Dean’s name, over and over again. “…Fuck,” the tirade finishes.
Before Donna can try to cheer him up, Meg comes back in with a full bottle of whiskey that Dean grabs from her eagerly. He takes a swig straight from it, ignoring the voice in the back of his head that sounds like Sammy, the one that says he’s doing just what John would’ve done. It wasn’t true anyhow, he thinks. John would’ve had the balls to shoot his daddy by now.
“Don’t know what I’d do without them,” says Benny in the parlor after Andrea takes the kid and the dishes and heads off home.
“Unfortunately, I’m afraid I’ve done nothing you would find shocking, given the context of this conversation. That said, it was enough for my father to disown me.”
The angel’s tone is clipped. “Castiel’s schedule is full. He might have something a few years from now?”
Inside, they find Sam and Eileen locked in an embrace. Jack has disappeared, gone deeper into the bunker. A dog barks at them and runs up the iron stairs, nearly tripping Dean.
They reach the graveyard. It’s a matter of minutes now. Time to say goodbye. Sammy is the hardest to leave, but it's comforting, as well. It’s good to know that Sam is still alive, that Dean’ll go down saving him. As it should be. Crowley and Rowena are uncharacteristically silent. Chuck is fine. Everyone is following the terms of the contract they’d written, sad and simple, until Cas rips it to shreds.
Meg offers him a lazy wave. Ruby holds Sam tightly in a way that turns Dean’s stomach before turning to him with a bitchy look in her eye that softens as she says, “See you around, Dean,” and punches him on the shoulder.
“Well, he is good-looking,” Crowley admits as he deals. “And dating a senator’s son has its perks, but dating one with a massive stick up his ass and an over-inflated ego proved difficult, in the end. He got boring.”
He can’t breathe. He can’t disturb the moment. It feels as if he’s suddenly surrounded by glass, and if he so much as speaks, it’ll break.
Dean adds more oil and his ring finger slowly and easily; he’s gotten Cas good and loose, now. He works Cas more and more open, the widest he’s gotten him yet. “Reckon you can take me, darlin’. Doing so good. So good for me.”
Dean opens his mouth and nothing comes out. He closes his mouth and reaches out with a hand instead. Cas, hesitating, not sure if he’s misinterpreting somehow, takes it. This calms Dean. When he speaks it’s with relief and something approaching happiness.
“Howdy,” says Dean, smiling at the handsome cowboy newly sitting beside him. He’d barely gotten to look at him all day.
They stop to spend the night in a motel in town, but Dean is too thrilled, too ravenous, too goddamn
Cas makes a disgusted sound. “Don’t act stupid. You knew exactly who he was looking for, or else why did you bother to tell me about him? Although you conveniently left this part out when you did.”
“Ain’t their fault,” Dean says defensively. “Daddy don’t let them talk to me, being, you know. What I am. But Charlie comes by the house sometimes, anyhow. And Sam—he, uh. Well, he don’t think much of me, since I started here, but. He been writing me once a month. And he lets me give him money. We’re sending him to school in Dallas,” Dean finishes proudly. “He’s gonna be a lawyer.”
Dean pauses, taking stock of Cas, who still seems aroused, who still seems to want him. “Alright.” He lets go of Cas’s wrists.
Chuck approaches them. He stands eye-to eye with Dean, searching his mind and soul. He finds only determination. Chuck NODS as he confirms this, then SHRUGS in agreement.
“And who will you be going with?” she asks, perfunctorily, because they both know she knows the answer.
It gets through even Cas’s thick skull, eyes flickering with understanding, and he leans forward for a kiss, ruining Dean’s careful arrangement of the hat as he presses against Dean’s lips. Dean sucks on him happily and lifts a hand to pet his stubble.
“I’ll stay with Adam at first, too, if you want. We can ease into it. I know this is—You can change your mind later. There’s no money involved this way. Just don’t—“ He trails off weakly, knowing he doesn’t have the right to tell Cas what to do.
“Gimme that,” he says, almost laughing, high on something, and he takes the hanky and wipes his own face and beard. “Clean yourself up, you idjit.” He hands it back to Cas. “Making a mess of us both.”
Cas crawls on top of Dean and kisses him. He can press against Dean this way, feel him getting hard, too, feel friction as he rubs against him— Cas moans into Dean’s mouth. It’s wonderful. He’s so glad he’s human for this. He wants to experience everything, everything he thought he couldn’t have— he wants to touch Dean, kiss Dean, watch Dean. It’s not fair that he can’t do everything at once. He growls into Dean’s lips and Dean’s grip on him tightens; Dean’s hips lift to rub against his, granting him even more glorious friction.
If it isn’t Rosencrantz and Guildenstern. You look good. Love the new lack of confidence in the fabric of reality.
They’re both silent for a few minutes, and Dean slowly melts into the bed. Cas’s voice is tense when he speaks. “You’re done with the rodeo.”
Dean glances at Jack, who looks as baffled by Cas’s behavior as Dean is enraged. “Fine.” Dean flips his laptop shut. “See you later, kiddo.”
Dean stares down at the bottle. He feels dopey, drunk already before the cork’s been popped. He begins to tear at the paper wrapping on the top of the bottle.
Thanks for getting rid of him for me. I would’ve had a hard time of it, what with Amara rattling around in here, making it impossible for me to directly harm him.
“No, I—I’m trying to explain that….” Cas takes Dean’s hand. “Balthazar keeps telling me you’re the stupidest possible option, that only the truly gullible fall for their whores, and, I—I feel—fragile.”
It had already been stressed enough trying to grapple with the concepts of openness, of love, of sex, of Dean saying the words
The cowboys pack up their little camp and soon enough Dean is having the time of his life. His anxiety is forgotten the instant they’re moving and chatting. He delights in showing off for Miguel and Tagg, getting into little roping and riding competitions with them as they go, making fast friends as he dusts off skills he hasn’t used in five years. He gets an interesting new perspective on the brothers from Tagg and Miguel. Cas, or ‘Smiley,’ as they called him, was considered unreliable, stubborn, and antisocial. Balthazar, or ‘Slim,’ on the other hand, was known for being incompetent, winy, and moody. Much like Cas had complained of, neither of them seemed to be particularly popular. Still, Dean reckons there’s at least some friendly camaraderie in the men’s ribbing. When they ask for Dean’s story, he just tells them he’s rusty from spending time taking care of an ailing aunt, and they don’t question him. Dean has fun talking about himself, actually: the Dean Winchester that Miguel and Tagg meet has always wanted to be a cowboy. He’s an only child and the family ranch, run by his two parents, is in debt. He had a girl once, back home, but she ran off with a man from Odessa who struck oil. He met Cas at the local saloon and is coming along with him to look for work.
“Reckoned that might get you. Look—“ he takes Cas’s hand, and Cas’s eyes flicker down to look at it. Dean leans down to catch his eye. “Look. The point is, it—it ain’t about what I deserve. The way this works, it don’t matter who done it. What matters is how he feels, and how much he likes the people around him, and who’s closest. So, usually it would be me, but I wasn’t there, see what I’m saying?”
with him, ever since he’d returned from the Empty. He’d only become more and more so as time had passed, and it’s made even worse in this moment, the first time they’ve been so close in months, as Cas’s grace has depleted and his feelings are louder, wanting to respond to Dean’s touch, to tell him—
“So do I.” Dean grabs the soap and starts lathering it in his hands, figuring with all that money he should ought to get to work. “Ain’t you gonna waste all that time sleeping?”
Cas stares at him with gentle eyes for a moment. “I love you,” he says. “I should have said it years ago. I should have stayed.”
“A not-ungratifying experience.” Cas wriggles around on top of him and goes back to kissing his ear. “Did they get married?”
God, couldn’t Sam have given him a better hint? Every instinct in him is saying to keep his mouth shut, and Sam had to go and tell him to sing like a canary. And what should his story be, anyhow? Had anyone even seen Cas get back to town other than his family, Jo, and Jo’s girls?
It takes Dean half a second to respond, eyes clear and beautiful and impossibly close. “Love you too, Cas.”
It’s Sister Jo who brings the water, two big old whiskey bottles full of it, which she clunks on the nightstand, pushing the ashes and cigarette butts and Dean’s little dime novel aside.
“Yeah,” Dean admits. He spent plenty of time missing ideas of things; a home where he was welcome, parents who loved each other, parents who loved him, siblings who wanted him back. “What else you got on that list there?”
“Not telling. You’ll probably start ‘fixing’ ‘em, or writing out neater copies, or something. I like ‘em how and where they are.”
“Really makes me wish they’d’ve let you in the church,” says Charlie. “A screaming match would’ve made it feel much more festive.”
says Balthazar emphatically, “Texas,” and he throws his hammer down, the stake he’d been hitting at still sticking up out of the dirt, bent in the middle like a wishbone.
“Look at it,” Dean says. “Keep sucking. I want you thinking about it. Thinking about how you’re gonna take it. How deep you want it inside you. How hard you want me to fuck you.”
There wasn’t a track list on the tape; Cas doesn’t know what it’s called. “Oh to sail away,” he recites, “to sandy lands and other days. Oh to touch the dream, hides inside and never seen.”
He canters away. Dean watches for as long as he can stand it, then inches around the house to monitor the barn again as Cas leaves the property. No one comes out. He climbs back into the house and gets to cleaning. It feels good, ritualistic. Fixing something instead of breaking something. It distracts him from that purple mark, from his own burning skin. He watches the neighbor woman leave with a basket of eggs and a pail, then he finishes tidying up, double-checks that everything’s in the place where they’d found it, and crawls back out through the window, closing the shutters behind him.
She opens the door. She’s dressed, but her hair’s still down. She looks Dean over with judgmental eyes. “Morning.”
He has to keep himself from cursing aloud as Cas swallows him down almost entirely. The foreplay has clearly worked; Cas is going to town on him, sucking him down deep and making him twitch. Dean pulls him off and there’s a second of eye contact where Dean thinks Cas is going to throw him down on the mattress and continue as he was before turning him over and fucking him blind, but then Cas blinks, exhales, and sits back on his ankles.
Dean would never say it aloud, but he wants to be protected. He wants it more than anything, since long before John had showed up at Sister Jo’s, probably since that awful night ten years ago when he’d realized that he was never going to see his mother again. He wants safety more than anything; they all did. That’s why Sam had to go to school, that’s why Charlie had to stay home and learn ranching, that’s why Adam always followed John’s orders, and it was why Krissy always lashed out. Jo was the only one young enough to not have this fear in her. Jo was the only one of them who’d had any chance of being normal. And he’d almost fucked it up forever.
Dean kicks the empty pack under the bed. He’d have to check on Bobby tomorrow, too. Poor man was long past his scrapping days. He sits next to Cas, taking the coffee bag from his hands and putting it on the nightstand. “Don’t you get focused on that. Focus on me. We only got a few minutes to kiss before the harpies arrive.”
Cas is quiet at that, meeting Dean’s gaze for a moment before looking away again. Then he nods and they are back in business, kissing and walking to the bed, towel falling somewhere along the way. Dean pulls the tie off and pushes Cas’s coat down off his arms, and Cas undoes his own shirt, throwing it aside. For him, for him. It sends a thrill up Dean’s spine. After all, he thinks to himself as he undoes Cas’s belt and a smile begins to grow on his face, how often did he get to be selfish? How often did he get to have fun?
It isn’t time to be up yet. Hell, it can’t be two or three hours past the time he’d normally go to bed.
Sure. When she was around to talk. When his brain wasn’t five times bigger than his head. “Sure I can,” he says. “You gotta stop to breathe sometime.”
He wavers very close to miserable. If Cas didn’t want to see him, maybe it was because he thought Dean didn’t want to see Cas— he had said as much, before he’d died.
Cas considers this, eyes sweeping down to take Dean’s clothing in. “What does a ‘proper cowpoke’ look like?”
“Jewish.” Cas raises an eyebrow at him, as if to invite a challenge, but Dean doesn’t have anything to say about Jewishness except that he’s never encountered it up close before. When Dean doesn’t say anything, Cas goes on. “Aside from those things, you have so many lovely attributes that would irk my father.”
Cas reaches out and puts a hand on his shoulder. One plunging sensation in Dean’s gut later, the beating of wings fades away and he opens his eyes to find himself in a sort of half-furnished living room.
“Y’all go stand against that wall and don’t make a move unless you want me to fill you full of holes, collect the blood, and use it to make a nail varnish with. Donna, help me get him up.”
Cas blinks at him. Dean thinks for a moment that Cas is going to apologize again, that he’s going to have to endure more of that unending sympathy, but instead Cas turns away to pull on his boot. A moment later he says, mildly, “It’ll be obsolete by then.”
“Same as basherter. Basherter means, it’s like, ‘destined one.’ Bashert is just. Destiny. Happy destiny.” Cas’s hand is warm on Dean’s chest, his voice low and lethargic in his ear. “Ordained by God.”
Cas rolls his eyes and clambers off him, grabbing his hat from its hook and coming back. “Better?” he asks, putting it on his head.
“You use sex as an escape. A distraction.” Dean opens his mouth, but Cas waves him silent. “I know, I know. ‘Who don’t.’” Cas sits beside him heavily, legs stretched out on the mattress. Dean has to crane his neck to look up at him.
Cas obeys, awkwardly climbing to sit in Dean’s lap, where Dean can more easily wash his hair. Dean scrubs him thoroughly, rubbing slowly with his fingers, massaging every part of his head. He leans forward to kiss Cas’s ear.
Cas groans assent, liking the way this was going. He leans back up away from Dean, back onto his heels, looking at Dean, looking at his body. His eyes close despite himself. “Close,” is all he manages to say.
“God,” Castiel murmurs. Dean loves this part, the part where the men fell to putty in his hands. The part where they couldn’t keep their eyes off him, and their hands wandered over as if they had minds of their own. Dean eats it up, basks in the light of those blue eyes.
“Yeah, he doesn’t come into town often. But he might start stopping by more,” Dean says conversationally. “I want you to treat him right, okay? He’s my guy, you understand?” Something in Cas lifts.
They toast. The first verse of CARRY ON WAYWARD SON plays as we PAN UP, past the window, through which we can hear SOUNDS OF MERRIMENT, past the roof of Miracle Motors, up to a blue starry sky framed by the silhouettes of pines.
They make Cas clean up alone, and Cas even allows Bal a cigarette as a reward for his good attitude. He closes his eyes as he smokes it, face relieved and calm like a man who’s made peace with God.
He figured out the johns pretty quick: what they wanted, what drew their eye. He took in his trousers at the inseam, the better to show off his ass, and saved enough up to buy a real silk shirt that he always had to be too careful of. He liked the feel of it, soft on his skin; it helped get him in the mood when the clients didn’t. “Can’t whore without my boots,” as Ruby liked to say, referring to the way she walked differently in her tall black heels. Dean agreed with that philosophy, though he wore a different kind of boot: just the same sturdy old ones he’d always had. Instead, Dean was sure to wear his silk shirt for himself, and to leave it a little unbuttoned at the neck for the johns. Above that, he wore a leather vest, something good for grabbing on to, if the customer was so inclined. And finally, he had the most important piece of the getup: his hat. Dean discovered that just by wearing it indoors with his silk shirt on, the hat became part of a costume instead of being some smelly old hat, and Dean liked that about it. He wore it all the time, even when the Texas air hit over a hundred degrees in the shade, and he always tilted it too far back on his head, as if to say,
TL:DR: Dean comes to visit Cas in his room for the first time in a long time. Cas is happy that they’ve made up, but he’s finding it increasingly difficult to manage being in a sexual and platonic relationship with Dean. This difficulty is made all the worse by the threat of the Empty. While Cas is sure that confessing his own feelings wouldn’t be enough to summon the Empty, what he believes to be the slim possibility of Dean returning them is enough to keep him quiet.
Dean clicks on the light and looks around the room. No Cas. He gets up and slides his slippers on. In the hall he runs into Sam.
“Bastard,” Dean mumbles at his back as Benny leaves the room. Dean reaches down to his box under the bed and pulls out some dime novels and flips through them without reading. Too drunk to read. He stalwartly ignores the one on his nightstand, the one with Cas’s picture hidden in it. He ends up just fidgeting, tapping on his own legs, fingers dancing around anxiously, trying to find a tune in his head that could soothe him.
Dean leans back, relaxed—strange, when Cas is so keyed up—and a moment later is singing again. “It is the summer of my smiles. Flee from me, keepers of the gloom. Speak to me only with your eyes. It is to you I give this tune. Ain’t so hard to recogni-ize, oh, these things are clear to all from time to tiiime.” Dean hits the high note again, voice scratchy but sure. “Ooooh.” His fingers tap out the rhythm on Cas’s back. Dean hums the guitar part now rather than the vocals, building to the next verse, becoming more animated as he goes, rocking slowly beneath Cas, then he starts to sing again, bobbing his head along with music that isn’t playing. Cas hears it, anyway. He’d heard the song more than enough times. “Oh, Talk, talk, talk, talk. Bada-dadadada! I felt the coldness of my winter. I never thought it would ever go-oo-oh.” Dean’s eyes are screwed closed. He’s just banging his head, lost in the song, his hand patting Cas’s back to the beat. “I cursed the gloom that set upon us, 'pon us, 'pon us, 'pon us. But I know that I love you so-oh-oh, ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh. But I know that I love you so-oo-oh-ooh.” Dean gets quiet and opens his eyes, green and clear and close. “These are the seasons of emotion, and like the wind, they rise and fall. This is the wonder of devotion. I see the torch we all must ho-old. This is the mystery of the quotient, quotient: upon us all a little rain must fall. Just a little rain. Oh, yeah. Ooh ye-ah.” Dean sings out the guitar solo, quietly, but with “Love you so’s” instead of hums, punctuating each one with his fingers, tapping out the rhythm: “Love you so. Love you so. Love you so. Love you so, tru-ly I do.” He sings it as long as the words fit the melody, and even goes on and sings it again, longer than the guitar goes on the cassette, and then he hums the rest of the instrumentation, finally trilling his fingers softly on Cas’s back to indicate the end of the song.
“Come on me, darlin’—“ And he doesn’t have to explain any more than that, Cas slides back onto him easily, so fucking loose and slick by now—
Dean lets Balthazar lead him to another, smaller, inn, where no one bothers them. They eat and chat, and once he’s got a stomach full of stewed, spicy meat, Dean does feel a little better. Then Balthazar takes him upstairs and heads into his room. He points at the door across the hall.
“Won’t do nothing til you say so, but I can’t do nothing til you relax. You gonna relax for me, darlin’?” Dean moves to the other thigh—God, his thighs were huge—and kisses it as he had the other one, moving in closer to Cas as he goes.
The first night they’d met, Dean hadn’t thought twice about stripping down and wearing ladies’ underwear. He’d worn that stupid hat everywhere, too; thought it made him invincible. That past Dean doesn’t seem real anymore. Current Dean knows he’s mortal, knows heartbreak, and knows what it is to be figuratively and literally broken apart. But in many other ways, he’s more solid, now. He knows himself and his worth. He owns two properties in Abilene. He has his siblings back.
Dean slows, looking up at Cas, but that cloud is still in the way, and they are only dark shadows still, overlapping in the night. Cas puckers, but Dean doesn’t press in, popping off of him instead to drizzle more oil onto his hand. “Might be cold,” he warns, before bringing it back to touch Cas, gently. Cas gasps quietly at the contact. Dean kisses the side of Cas’s cock. “You want me yet, darlin’?”
Cas plants himself right in front of Dean. “If we don’t let him bother us he’ll leave us alone, Dean. Dean.”
Dean doesn’t play any more games. He just presses his index finger into Cas, who moans. He finds a rhythm in it, and sucks in an alternating pattern, fucking his fingers into Cas as he sucks up and nearly off him, then fucking his own mouth onto Cas, then sliding his fingers out. He continues this almost in a daze, trusting his muscle memory to handle it, his mind focusing only on the sounds Cas makes and the taste of his cock. He lets the haze take him, sucking and slobbering and drifting away, into usefulness, into pleasure that isn’t his own, Cas’s breathing and moaning the only sounds in the world, the twitching of Cas’s cock and the suck of his hole the only sensations in the world, and he keeps going like that until Cas’s hand tightens in his hair and he whines in frustration, and then Dean gets serious, alternating now between crooking and swirling his fingers, listening closely still to the sounds Cas makes as he does, picking up speed as he goes. And maybe there is a God, because that’s when the clouds part and Dean can see Cas as he writhes and moans his name.
He goes to Jo’s office, but she’s not in there yet. He tries her bedroom, knocking on the door. “Boss? You up?”
“Alright.” Dean puts an arm around Cas’s shoulders and kisses his cheek. He presses his lips against Cas’s ear. “I like to get fucked.”
Cas gets up, evidently ready to be dry, and Dean helps him with the towel. Dean offers Cas one of the frilly robes, and, seeing it, Cas sighs, leans over, and gives his dirty shirt a quick wash in the tub. He puts on the robe and carries his wet clothes as he follows Dean up to room three.
Warnings: depression, self harm, suicide, sad, not explicit, not even very much Cas in this one:( I mean why would you read this really
Dean leans forward, takes his angel by the waist. Still soft, still slow. Still afraid that the universe might shatter at any moment. They kiss. Just barely. Just a touch. They take a moment to process it. They kiss again. There’s a sense of relief. They smile. They keep kissing.
“—No, I won’t do it. I don’t— trust is one thing, but— God, Dean.” Cas gathers himself. “You scare me sometimes,” he says quietly. “There are more ways to save someone than by—by throwing yourself in front of the bullet. This wasn’t a zero-sum game, Dean. We proved that, six weeks ago. Nobody had to get hurt at all.”
“You are. Look at those lines on your face.” Dean pokes the furrows in Cas’s brow. “I can smell the smoke.”
On the final evening of their journey, it gets cloudy and humid as anything and Balthazar, anticipating rain, starts trying to set up the tent, hammering the stakes almost one full inch into hard clay.
“He’s my best friend. When he visits, he takes me to libraries and museums while Momma works. And he teaches me stuff. He’s the smartest, kindest, man in the world. That’s why I done asked him to be my daddy.”
“You done drawed it right, then.” Dean takes the pad from him and flicks through the pages, most of which were only half-done, abandoned as soon as Cas drew a line he didn’t like. Most of them seemed to be aiming for the same thing: a straight-on portrait of Dean in his hat, but as Dean flips farther back, there are some others— Dean in his hat, standing in the frilly robe; Dean in his hat, sitting in the tub; Dean in his hat, kneeling behind the tiger; Dean in his hat, leaning over the parlor table; dozens of Deans in hats, til he reaches Dean in Cas’s hat, tied up on the bed. It was easily the best likeness of him. “There’s so many.”
“Yeah.” Dean tries not to think about what a failure as a brother he’s been. “That’s something. Surprised he didn’t get disowned, too.”
Could he rope. “Reckon I can rope a mite bit better than ‘city-boy-Smiley’ here,” says Dean, causing Cas to scoff and push off away from him to a chorus of “oh’s” and laughter from the men.
Cas has to blink, to organize his thoughts. It’s difficult to think, with Dean so close. “It’s strange,” he says finally. “I always pictured us… I mean, when I did picture us— I just, never thought you’d be so… eager.”
“I want you to do something for me, Dean. Now that you’re cuffed, you have permission to talk to me. Tell me how things feel. Tell me what you’re thinking, what you want. Do you understand?”
Cas is gone again, for the last time. It hurts just as much as it did every single time before it. Jack is gone, too. They’re free now, finally free, but what does that mean, without Cas? What purpose did he have, without Cas there to love?
“Can I tell you a secret?” Dean whispers, making Cas lean in closer. “I ain’t gonna last, neither. Dying for you.”
Then again, Charlie had never had a problem taking a compliment in her life. What would she know about it.
Cas is silent, his thumb wandering to Dean’s lips. Dean kisses it, then sucks on it, holding it on his tongue as Cas presses into him, in and out. Dean matches him, moving his own finger to Cas’s rhythm, in and out, and they moan together softly.
“My big strong man,” Dean murmurs, planting kisses all along his skin. “Big cowboy needs a day to rest, don’t he?” Dean plunges the sponge under the water, washing the rest of Cas as he talks. “Let me take care of you, alright? No more trouble. You be good now and let me take care of you.”
That night, Cas goes through his routine— Teeth, shower, toilet, pajamas, and only then does he consider his options.
Cas’s eyes widen. He’s quiet, except for some shaky breathing. Dean’s afraid to stop, afraid to keep going. But Cas doesn’t tell him
He keeps it there with one hand on the back of his own head as he moves closer to Castiel, licking up and down him with relish, nice and slow.
“Baby,” says Dean slowly, teasingly. He leans forward and kisses Cas on the cheek. “Talk to me. Please.”
Dean somehow manages to scramble out of his pants and underwear without lifting his head off the floor. Cas watches him kneel there naked before him and makes him wait as he decides what to do next. He approaches Dean and sits on the bed above him. He runs the crop gently, so gently as to tickle, up Dean’s body and watches him shudder.
Cas pulls away and Dean lets him, not wanting to push his luck. He knows Cas must get less than he does out of their hookups—he’s never initiated one, though he usually seems to enjoy it once Dean gets his vessel going— and Dean’s fine with that, really, so long as Cas indulges him now and then.
“I know you ain’t gonna want to hear this,” says Donna, “but she was right. You gotta decide to live.”
Finally, Dean’s hands still and his heart stops pounding and he whispers, “Why’re we always fighting, Cas?”
“Haven’t you got any music, at least?” Crowley asks grouchily. He’s shoved himself into the corner of the seat that’s farthest from Cas; it reminds him a bit of Claire’s pout, if Claire had a mouth that cut from ear to ear and six shining black eyes.
Hell. Dean leaves the phone on the bed and stands up to follow instructions, and as he does so catches sight of himself in the wall mirror. He looks how he always looks. Somehow that’s unnerving. He pulls his gaze away and strips all the way naked before resuming his position on the bedspread. He looks down at his own erection. “Cas? I’m, uh, I’m all ready for you.”
“Oh, shut up. I haven’t had to listen to hour-long sermons from my holier-than-thou brother about how there’s nothing wrong with that, and how you’re the noblest whore in the world, providing for your worthless father and poor, downtrodden siblings for you to sit there and feel sorry for yourself.
“Yeah, said you saved me, or whatever,” Dean can’t look at Cas as he says that part; he busies himself unpacking instead, putting his dime novel full of letters, worse for wear but dry and intact, on the nightstand. “Can have us some tomorrow if you want, all of us. Unless you don’t wanna share.”
Of course, Dean has had sex lots of times. Maybe it was always like this. Maybe it was infinitely better; they still had their clothes on and Cas was already going insane.
“Said ‘no!’” Dean pushes Cas hard, and Cas laughs, falling back under Dean’s assault. Dean tackles him, straddling his waist and holding his hands down before going in for a kiss, which is slow and sweet, and which Dean draws out as long as he can. “Gonna miss you like hell,” he whispers eventually.
You could click on any number of fics on this website and read about these characters having mind-blowing sex. But you are here.
What more did he want? Dean was talking, wasn’t he? Dean had already bared his soul for Cas. This was the most honest he’d ever been about what had happened. “What do you want, Cas?”
Shit. This was exactly why it was a bad idea for a whore to have a beau. Two seconds in and he was trying to take Dean away. “Ain’t gonna do that, darlin’,” Dean says gently. “I know they won’t let me back on that ranch, but I gotta be nearby, in case. You understand. ‘Sides— and this is important, alright? Look at me. I love my job. I do. Ain’t quitting over some man I only spent two nights with, hear?”
“Get up and check your blood flow, then get on the bed,” Cas replies quietly, choosing to ignore Dean’s break in character in light of his own. “Face down. On your knees. Cuff yourself to the frame.”
“I’m on your side, stupid. I’m always on your side. Look.” She holds up a folder. “I found the will. They done it when Sammy was a baby. Bobby’s the godfather,” she explains, “and the ranch is yours. ‘Course, Adam’s birthday’s in a month, but he, Krissy, and Jo weren’t born yet when this was written, so we’ll have to look into custody law and see how that shakes out. But Bobby ain’t gonna take them away, so I don’t reckon it matters either way. Everything’s yours.” She hands Dean the paper. “Including us.”
“No, but I didn’t want to let the opportunity pass by.” Cas sways them gently. “I should commend you on choosing such an isolated place to sulk.”
Dean does so. Cas crawls up to him and kneels by his head, holding his cock next to Dean’s face. Dean’s still flushed; the sheen of sweat on his skin throws his features into relief. It’s absolutely gorgeous. Cas inserts a finger into Dean’s mouth and pulls it open wider. Dean lets him, loose and relaxed after his own pleasure. His breath is hot against Cas’s knuckle. His eyes are inscrutable.
“He would. Sammy was different; he always wanted Sammy to run the ranch, you know. But you. He loved it when you gave men hell, and school’s a great place for it. Should go to a co-ed school, show ‘em who’s boss.”
“Woah.” Dean grabs his hand as he moves to get up. His voice suddenly drops to an authoritative register. “That is not how we’re doing this. We are in this, Cas. For the long haul. If something bothers you, you don’t run out. You tell me.”
Cas sighs, staring at the paperback instead of Dean as Dean disappears out the door to change. He puts it down on the nightstand. Caught, red-handed.
Cas smiles gratefully and they look at one more (now too-small) property before the end of the day. In town, Dean sends Adam a telegram explaining that he ran into an old friend and doesn’t know when he’ll be home. They eat dinner at a big steakhouse. “I wanna sit next to Dean!” exclaims Jack, so Cas sits across the table from them and Dean helps Jack cut his steak. “Can I have some?” Jack asks when Dean sips his beer.
Dean gasps Cas’s name as he comes, as long as he comes, feet twitching and flexing where they hang off the table, torso tight as he spurts into Cas’s mouth.
Not one for client confidentiality, huh. Dean hadn’t been looking for John, anyway. Not really. Just trouble.
Dean shivers thinking about it, lying on his back on the bed. He stays there, letting himself feel it. He doesn’t remember every man who’s ever hit him. There are a few standouts, ones with knives or guns, ones who he’d thought would be sweet who turned out worse than anyone, ones with an evil glint in their eye, ones that looked a little like John. It felt nice, when Sister Jo kicked them out on their asses. It felt nice to know it was her job to do it. She made this house the safest place in Abilene, maybe the whole world, for a man like Dean. The worst he’d been beaten in a long while had been his own fault, that trip to Rick’s.
The world is strange. He’d gotten into the habit of thinking about Cas all the time, at night, in the morning, with clients, at the bar. And so he ends up angry all the time, the same few rants repeating on loop in his head, playing over and over, horny versions, sleepy versions, hungry versions, Cas’s logical and stupid responses playing out without Cas there to speak them.
“Yes, dumbass. We.” Dean stands. He’s so close; the last time they were so close, they were panting in pleasure. “You, me, and Sam, we're just better together. So now that you're back, let's go, Team Free Will. Let's get it done.” Dean’s words are beautiful, they are exactly what Cas had wanted to hear, but just like that sarcastic
Cas bobs on him, a few times quickly, and by then, that’s all it takes. Dean’s already been tight and ready, and now he pulses into Cas, who swallows it down like Dean’s coming water instead of semen. Cas sucks even after he’s done, like he wants to be sure to get all of it, then he slides off of him with a slurping sound. They both breathe and stare at each other for a second before Cas crawls back up and kisses him on the cheek. He collapses there, half on top of Dean, and Dean wraps his arms around him, closing his eyes and enjoying the residual good feeling humming in his bones.
“Easy as pie. Not that aiming will do you any good with this little thing. Can’t hit anything more’n ten yards away.”
Dean waits in Cas’s room while Cas and Balthazar lock themselves in Bal’s to discuss their fate. While larger than the room at the Sunrise, this room isn’t really up to the task of containing Dean for the day. Dean needs to pace, or better still: to walk, to ride, to move. But they’re supposed to be keeping a low profile and his dumb self had publicly confessed to sodomy and beaten a man in the street outside just yesterday. Dean paces the too-short distance between the bed and desk, peering out the window every time he hits the desk-most point in his path. He doesn’t see anyone that looks like a lawman; they’d asked the owner of the place, a man named Eduardo, when they’d checked in, and he’d told them someone had come by asking that morning. Maybe he wouldn’t come back. Maybe he would.
Dean finishes his shift. He kicks out a few straggling drunks. He collects Bela’s sheets and makes her bed. He cleans the bar, the tables, and the parlor floor. He puts out all the lamps. He goes to find Cas, who’s asleep in a kitchen chair, head on his crossed arms on the table. He gets Cas up. He kisses him til he’s about blue in the face, til Bela walks into the kitchen and observes in a surprised but unenthusiastic voice, “Boys,” as if she’d walked in and found a cat on the table or something. Like they were some unexpected thing she didn’t actually care about one way or the other.
Dean exhales a little laugh and shakes his head. “Now I know you ain’t that stupid. Why don’t you calm down some and you can come sit with the grown-ups.”
“Didn’t mean to criticize. What, you don’t like how I talk? Why’d you buy out my whole night for, then, if you don’t like how I talk?”
“I’m fine, thank you,” says Cas, who’s dropped his clothes on the floor and is now unabashedly going through Dean’s pack as if Dean couldn’t see him doing it.
And he’s coming on Cas’s chest, the orgasm shuddering through his body from his dick to his head, making him dazed.
once again, someone’s asking him about Cas, and once again, Dean’s ready to lie, but he doesn’t know what the story is.
“Water ain’t boiling yet?” Dean asks, looking at the kettle. “Turned the damn thing on five minutes ago.”
“Don’t rush,” says Cas, making soothing sounds now and pumping him slowly. “Easy, Dean. Easy on my boy. That’s good. Thank you, thank you, Dean.”
“For Christmas break one year,” Balthazar says conversationally, “when I was around fifteen, we went to the Swedish Alps, and I pissed off of one of them. The piss froze solid before it hit the cliffside and shattered a few hundred feet down. My pecker nearly did, too. Now
With a grunt, Dean sits up, removes his shirts, three of them, and throws them all on Cas’s floor. Cas meets his lips. He hopes he’s getting better at kissing; Dean isn’t complaining any more, just sighing softly, a hand gripping his hair, then dropping down to Cas’s shirt buttons, undoing them one by one until Cas gets impatient and pulls the thing over his head. Dean touches his chest, pulls him closer and down onto the bed, chest to chest, faces close. There’s trust in Dean’s eyes.
Dean sizes Castiel up. Despite the vitriolic glare, he doesn’t seem like a violent man. He’s got on nice clothes for a cowboy, even a little bit of turquoise on his vest. Money, then. It doesn’t match the layer of dirt on his face, but it does match that Yankee accent.
Cas’s eyes grow wide, almost as wide as when he first stood behind the tiger a month ago. Dean leans in close and talks to him nice and deep and syrupy.
He’d been so thrilled when Cas first became human, when they’d found him and brought him home, somehow brighter, more emotional, than he’d ever been before. He’d finally been
Dean lifts a hand to Cas’s, covering it, then pulling it gently from his face. He turns his head and kisses it, then looks up into Cas’s eyes, feeling shy for some reason.
“And the pants,” Cas prompts. “And your panties, if you bothered to wear any. I don’t have all day.”
“When Cas sacrificed himself, he told me—“ Dean meets Cas’s gaze again and this time holds it. There’s something other than nerves in his eyes now, distraction. Or, love? “He told me.”
Finally. Cas reaches for Dean’s hand. Their fingers brush, but then Sam is on Dean, giving him a hug.
and grabs a cheapo straw one for Cas anyway. There’d be time to wear him down before morning. In the meantime, Cas just follows him and the sales guy around the place like a cranky ghost in a trench coat.
Dean gives his shoulder a squeeze as they break apart. “Not yet, sweetheart,” he says. “Maybe next time I see you.”
It’s early in the night, the sun down but the sky not yet dark. Dean heads straight to the hitching post and mounts Baby, turning her quickly in the street to see that the brothers are still inexplicably standing on the ground.
Dean asks Cas to engage in BDSM play with him, something they’ve done before, but which Cas wasn’t entirely comfortable with and has since been avoiding. He hasn’t effectively communicated these feelings to Dean. Despite Cas’s reluctance, Dean convinces him, and Cas begins to dominate Dean.
“Lovers don’t talk dirty?” Dean asks, being a bit of a shit. There are a few seconds of quiet breathing, of smacks of skin, before Cas obliges.
Dean pushes Cas flat onto the mattress again and kisses him, running a hand down him then up again, feeling out his chest through the hair on it and the shirt overtop. Cas was bigger every time Dean saw him, muscles growing from all that riding and roping. He was turning into a real cowboy. “This boy dangerous?” Dean asks over Cas’s lips.
Cas eyes him, considering, and Dean has a feeling he’s going to say ‘no’ and then Dean’s going to have to endure an unending stream of compliments, all because he’d decided to call it ‘making love’ like a sap instead of just saying ‘maybe vanilla sex would be better than BDSM for my first time ever taking it up the asshole.’ Dean speaks again before Cas can.
He’s kept Cas way too long. Hours. Dean is hit by by two overpowering urges— one, to stop being a needy piece of shit and let Cas go, the other, to hold him closer as long as he can. Dean just lies there, paralyzed by it all. Cas, rather than getting up, squeezes him more tightly.
…Until he had. And Dean had let him. So was this normal now? Was Cas going to start assaulting him in every back alley they passed?
“Fine, yes, hold on.” Dean heads back in without Cas, immediately realizes his mistake, goes back out and grabs Cas’s hand. “Come on, come on,” he says, like it was Cas who messed up by waiting.
“Just because I want to do nice things for you, doesn’t mean I’m some—“ Dean doesn’t know how to finish the sentence. Cas catches his eye.
“Ain’t no different from those bruises you gave me before. Or the spanking you done gave me. I liked it.”
“‘M working on it.” Dean speeds up, despite his threats. He switches to rolling his hips against Cas’s instead of attempting to move up and down. It’s easier, and still hits that spot inside of him, and then Cas’s hips start meeting his in rhythm, slapping against his thighs and ass. “Fuck,” Dean whispers. “You fucked me so good, darlin’. Best fuck of my life. Fuck.”
The “tiger” was a large Chinese-style screen. It had become a little famous among cowpokes who herded along the T&P. Sister Jo had bought it when the house’s business was growing faster than the house itself could; clients could go behind the screen and get sucked off in half-privacy— it fit three customers on a busy night, one or two most others. Even after adding a floor to the building, the tiger was so popular that Jo had kept it, giving it pride of place on the second floor landing, visible to those below in the parlor having drinks, but out of reach to anyone who wasn’t willing to pay up.
“No doubt the events of the last few decades will be the starting point of many new religions,” Cas supplies.
“Insufferable,” Balthazar agrees. Dean puts a hand up, and Balthazar hands him the cigarette. Dean takes a pull and lies back down flat. “You never know when to shut up,” says Balthazar.
But Cas is already pulling back out, pushing against Dean’s thighs with his thumbs, and before Dean’s regained his senses, he’s thrusting back in again, properly hard this time, smacking against Dean’s bruised thighs, a wave of pleasure exploding through Dean.
A sudden relief as Dean rights himself, though now he chooses to straddle Cas, a problem in and of itself. He’s still singing.
“You’re always throwing yourself into danger like you don’t matter. Why can’t you take care of yourself for once?”
He and Miguel burst into laughter at this, but Dean just stares at Cas, at that little smile he’s getting. Sure Cas could frown up a storm, and that was most likely the reason these boys had dubbed him what they had, but it’s hard for Dean to see the irony. Cas’s mouth doesn’t even move; the smile’s all in his eyes, soft and wrinkled and sweet as sugar. Cas gives Dean a squeeze on the shoulder and stands, handing him his own nearly full bowl, taking the fallen one away, and leaving Dean more than a little bit lovestruck.
“No, no, I’m done here.” Dean turns off the shower as he speaks. He’s suddenly very eager that Cas not leave. There’s a voice in his head yelling
“You seemed to be getting on well without me. I didn’t want the others to catch on—which, well. Balthazar was right, as usual. But I’m sure it was for the best, anyway. I don’t usually improve social situations.”
Dean has to close his eyes and take a breath before he repeats, “I’m a good little cocksucker.” He stares up at Cas with trust. It’s something.
John stops there, leaving the final word and his own accusations toward his daughter in the air for the whole damn street to hear.
Dean is surprised by Cas, in this new environment. He never seems to keep up with the conversation. Maybe it’s because Dean, Sister Jo, and the girls have their own rapport, but Cas is always two sentences behind everyone else, always chiming in with something a little bit nonsensical that nonetheless makes Meg laugh and even Sister Jo’s eye soften. It makes Ruby roll her eyes in irritation, too, and Dean enjoys anything that tortures Ruby on principle.
“Yes, baby?” Dean’s unlocked some wild demon inside of himself with that word; it keeps falling out of his mouth now, but he doesn’t want to put it away. It feels so good to pretend. If Cas doesn’t mind, then he won’t, either.
“I do, darlin’. Want to take good care of you.” Dean doesn’t bother clarifying that fantasy dick-sucking and reality dick-sucking are two completely different dick-suckings.
Cas pants and stares back at Dean. He wants to ask what they’re doing tonight. He wants an itemized list, an order, a schedule. He wants to know exactly how every touch will affect him. But he also wants to discover it for himself, he wants to act on impulse, he wants everything, all at once, as it comes. He wants. He wants Dean.
Cas stops him with a steel hand on his chest. His voice is just as firm. “We’re not doing that anymore, Dean.”
Dean shakes his head. He’s feeling stupider and stupider. All of these questions were obviously traps, but he can’t tell in which direction. Had Sister Jo locked the room on her own, or had someone told her to? Had she locked it last night, or early in the morning? “I fell asleep early, before the door was locked. He must’ve went during that time. Sir.”
“It ain’t—“ Dean swallows and shakes his head. He grabs a towel and gets up to dry himself. “It ain’t like that.” Donna opens her mouth to protest, but he shushes her down. “You don’t know what it’s like, all those people out there wanting a piece of you. Sometimes you just want to give ‘em a taste. Let ‘em take what they want, and give some back.” It wasn’t dying, it was staring death in the face. Dean already knew full well how death would find him; it happened every few years or so. Folks would get bored and rile themselves up and gather a posse, and someone— usually a man, one without a family, someone black, or hispanic, or conspicuously single for his age— would die. And maybe Dean had been thinking about how folks would rather he was dead than alive. Maybe death had snuck a little bit closer in the last 24 hours. Maybe he’d had to look at it. Maybe he’d had to feel it.
“That’s right. Make noise. Let them all hear you. Hear what a good boy you are for me. Hear what I’m doing to you. Hear you squirm. Little sissy boy likes to get
Sister Jo comes into the room, breaking the silence normal as you please. “Lights out in thirty minutes, girls. If you wanted a bath tonight—“
There’s a knock at the door. Dean doesn’t move to stop Cas as he crosses the room to answer; Cas cracks the door and politely tells the angel on the other side that their appointment is cancelled. Dean tries to force some air into his lungs. He’s fucking up Cas’s schedule. He’s fucking up Cas’s everything. His thoughts won’t stop pinging around his brain. He knows what he has to say, it just doesn’t want to come out right. Why, God, why hadn’t he stopped for a minute to plan out something half-decent to say instead of rushing in here? He’s seen enough fucking chick flicks; he could’ve come up with something. Cas had said all those beautiful things in the moment. Cas was so much better at this than he was. Dean turns to watch as Cas goes to the phone and explains to the bitchy reception angel that he has to cancel his appointments for the rest of the day.
Dean snorts. “Do I look like the Queen of Sheba to you? Hell. Ain’t no photographer got any reason to come out here and take a picture of me.”
Cas quiets. He rinses Dean’s face with a cloth and helps him wipe his eyes. “I enjoyed it very much.”
“Oh, he did. It was a long time coming for him, though. Opium and spirits and women. Men, too, and father knew about them, but no one ever talked about it so
Too late, Dean realizes his mistake when from beside him an accented voice says, “Insufferable, aren’t they?”
He didn’t even know it was possible to fuck up so bad. He buries his face in his hands. He wishes he had enough grace left to turn invisible. To fly away.
The mistakes were Dean’s favorite part, knowing how much Cas must hate them, knowing the way he usually wasted paper in favor of perfection. He must’ve been on nearly his last page in order to draft this. He’d sent it anyway.
“Did you touch her?” Dean asks, striding down into the street while John pulls his gun on him. “Come on, John.” They both knew he couldn’t shoot, not with half the town there watching them in broad daylight. “Did you touch her?”
came here because you’re a drunk, John. And because you’re angry and miserable and a no-account controlling
Dean can barely wait for the others to get out before he’s crossing the room, rounding the desk, pulling Cas tight to his body. His fingers form hills and valleys in the fabric of Cas’s coat as he clenches it tightly, gripping on to him with everything he has. Cas feels warm, normal, alive. He feels like Cas.
They don’t fuck every night, as Dean had imagined, but most of them, especially once Dean’s muscles have been broken in and he feels up to moving again. One night when they’re about a week from Santa Fe, they’re lying naked together under the stars, Dean on his back and Cas propped on his elbow next to him. They’re playing with each other’s fingers, and Cas asks, quietly, “Darling?”
Cas leans up, away from Dean’s body, eyes wide and blue and searching. Dean stares back. His heart is suddenly beating a mile a minute; his body wasn’t built for all this shit. He’s never been so terrified while in this room before.
“Can I?” Cas asks again, removing his finger and pumping himself, feeling the closeness of the orgasm, dick twitching in his hand.
“Is this real?” Cas stares at Dean’s smile, at his outstretched hand. He looks real, but it’s so similar to his dreams.
. He’d thought they’d just fuck. They’d just fuck, and then Cas would leave him again, and they’d never see each other again as long as they lived. But they’d messed that up, somehow.
“You ain’t.” Weird that Cas thought a little rug burn counted as harm, but not an elbow to the spine. To the
And Dean has no one else to talk to. Charlie is dead. His own fault. He has only his ghosts for company; them, and the Darkness herself. When he looks in her eyes, everything is okay, because he doesn’t feel haunted anymore. He doesn’t feel lonely. He doesn’t feel ashamed. When he looks in her eyes, he doesn’t feel anything at all.
Dean’s quiet, not that he doesn’t know the answer, but because Cas at least deserves to have Dean take stock of himself, to give his request serious thought. “I can do it,” Dean says, head sideways on the pillow.
Bal offers him another drag and Dean shakes his head. With a flash, Bal’s eyes seem to take him in, not unlike Cas’s way of looking inside his soul. “Could do with some running water, but no,” Bal says. “No, I suppose it’s not all bad.”
But Cas’s face is nothing now but this combination of pity and horror, like he’s too shocked to understand anything, and Dean thinks he’s not gonna get through this if Cas is gonna keep looking at him like that.
They get seated in the dining room and play tic-tac-toe on a newspaper while they wait. Dean’s surprised to find that Jack’s already solved the game at his age; Dean can’t beat him and they end up tied. Dean asks Jack what he wants ahead of time, but when the waiter arrives Jack talks to him himself, perfectly confident about talking to a stranger. Dean marvels at the kid for a second before ordering coffee, a plate of hotcakes, and an omelet. They switch to playing cowboys and Indians while they wait for the food, Dean dumping all the little figurines onto the table so the two of them can have a battle there using the salt and pepper shakers as forts. They get a little too involved, so involved that it hurts a bit when the food comes and they have to destroy the scene. Dean carefully counts all the little men as he puts them back in his pocket.
“That’s good, darlin’,” Dean sighs. “You look so good. Hain’t I ever told you how pretty you are? Got eyes made for staring at. Got a nose like a greek statue. Eyebrows that make me feel all funny—“
“A little bit,” Dean admits. “I’m fine now, I swear. Just a bit stiff. Can’t oughtn’t jump on any bulls anytime soon.”
Dean is frustrated, hopeless, ready to kill but with nothing to fight. He’s all movement, pacing through the trees while Sam catches his breath.
There’s more air than he’d expected— he’s breathing so quickly, gasping out of necessity. His vessel is tensing up rather than relaxing, and his grace is tense, too, high and tight, vibrating at an uncomfortable pace. It’s still
“Hey,” says Jo, her head against his chest, “you didn’t ask him to do it, right? Krissy reckons maybe you did.”
“Look, it’ll help, okay?” Dean’s nothing more than a shadow in the dark room, and Cas’s human eyes are too weak to make out his expression as he says, “Trust me.”
Cas is being so fucking sincere, giving him the goddamn puppy eyes, and it makes it hard for Dean to fight. Especially about a topic that could get so close to— things. “Told you not to go dark.”
Cas leans forward, and they kiss for a while, nice and slow, Cas apparently not in any hurry to get his. They break apart and Cas presses slow, individual kisses to Dean’s face, covering his nose and cheeks and lips.
“Chrissakes,” Dean curses. “I take back everything I ever said about you making for a good whore. This is the least sexy thing ever happened to me. When we get to Santa Fe I’m reporting you to the sheriff on the grounds of— on the grounds of—” But Cas is back on him and he’s lost his train of thought. “Fuck.” Cas hums around him, bobbing on his cock for all the world like he likes the taste, then he pops off again and spits. “Fuck you. Rude as hell.”
“I do. But I couldn’t leave you alone out there. I couldn’t stand by and watch that. You can’t expect me to watch that.”
“Oh, come on. Don’t make me drink alone.” Dean proffers the wet bottle back through the curtain. After a moment, he sees Cas’s hand take it. There’s a pause while Cas takes a drink, then the bottle is pushed back through the curtain again. Dean takes a sip. Spicy. Hints of honey. Something floral. Goes down easy. He takes a larger gulp, feels it burn on the way down.
They stare at each other a little longer before a man bangs into the room and strides between them, making them both jump.
“She came into the kitchen, and she gave me a lecture on how good you were. She told me how you provide for your family even though you aren’t allowed on the property, how you’ve been doing this job since you were young, how you help out your father even though he’s— well, I won’t repeat her words there. She told me I’ve got a damn good thing in you, and if I break your heart she’ll hunt me down and— well, I won’t repeat that, either.”
“I promise.” Castiel’s voice is low, and full of tobacco grit, like it ought to be wrung through a rag before rolling out of his mouth. It’s everything Dean wanted. He can feel the smile spread across his own damn face.
“I wasn’t expecting to be seriously interested in this property. As you said, it’s too big for the two of us. But with you, and your family….” They could fill it.
Dean looks at the house for what feels like the first time. It’s a modest setup, just a big room that serves as a kitchen and parlor and then a couple of bedrooms shooting off from it. The outhouse they’d seen outside, and was a good 100 yards away, but that’s nothing Dean hasn’t handled before, and hopefully meant the well water was good. Dean gets the furnace going and starts pulling water for the bath. Cas finds the tub and drags it over into the kitchen, close to the furnace. They get the bath going, old hat for them by now, but Cas is gloomy going about it, quieter than normal.
“Dying to touch you, darlin’,” he says low in Cas’s ear, letting the vowels hang from his tongue before letting them go. “Get inside of you, make you feel good. Watch you squirm with how good it is. Make you moan and ride my fingers.” He kisses beneath Cas’s jaw to let him digest this; it was true, mostly. Of course he wanted those things. But chief among them was
“Lorna!” Dean calls out finally, shocking Cas with the wrong name. “Could you please get my devastatingly handsome companion here some Grey Goose? Seems he’s not a Coors fan.”
Happy hour ends and they walk out into the gravel lot, both of them sober, both of them drunk. There’s a chill in the air, but it’s still light out. It’s a grey, lazy sort of light, but it feels bright after being in that dark room for so long.
“You think I spend time talking to everyone? Most boys come in here so horny they barely make it behind the tiger in time. Men pay for fifteen minutes and only use three.” He kisses Castiel’s neck, lapping it up even though it’s dirty and beardy and the motion knocks his hat askew.
It’s Dean, who breaks. Dean leans over to shut off his alarm and turn on the lamp, and Cas, who had been happily asleep in his arms, follows him across the bed, grumbling protestations, wrapping arms around Dean’s waist.
His jackets. Cas was hot, but then again he’d been hot all day; he had forgotten to care about it. He stands up and slides the offending garments onto hangers in his empty closet. Was Dean really concerned about his comfort, or did Dean simply want him to strip? It seems insane that the latter is even an option.
Cas meets Dean’s gaze to find nothing but sincerity and the implications are too much. Dean wants him, wants him to do things like
Cas hums consent, and Dean presses on him, just a little, just enough to help him keep time. Cas hums deeper, and Dean’s eyes flutter closed despite the view, the pleasure making him feel a little weak.
So you’re saying… you’re saying just… set you guys loose and see what happens? No outline whatsoever? No
me, I—I’m overwhelmed.“ Cas forces himself to reach a hand out. He touches Dean’s chest gently, just with his fingertips. It’s so soft. “You’re so beautiful,” he whispers. “You’re… intimidating.”
Dean can’t say a word; he hasn’t heard this letter before; it must be a new one that John found before Jo could get it to him.
Dean shuts up, though it didn’t matter anymore; the sheriff goes on reading. He reads the whole damn thing. Every single letter. Every word.
Dean squeezes his hand. “Sure, I been bucked by a horse. Tried to ride my daddy’s stallion when I was too little for him, near got myself killed. Well. That ain’t a fun story, neither, huh?” Dean actually enjoys the story quite a bit, but he has a feeling Cas wouldn’t.
Dean reaches up a hand and cradles Cas’s chin gently, feeling the soft, short beard on his palm. “How’d you go and get prettier with age?”
“I’m perfectly fine.” Cas responds to Sam without taking his eyes off Dean. It’s like Dean’s own private creepshow.
Dean has another rule for situations like this one, one he’s already broken and isn’t going to mention. The rule is
Dean draws him closer, raises a hand to his neck, and pulls their mouths flush. Cas’s lips are cold, as if he hasn’t quite adjusted to the world of the living yet. Dean opens his mouth hungrily, capturing Cas’s lips one by one, warming them with his own, sucking them gently. It feels real. God, Cas, he wants to say. I don’t know how to live without you anymore.
Your honor, I intend to prove to you today that the World— I mean, that Mohinder, is worth saving. I’d like to call a witness.
“Not a chance in hell.” Cas stares at him sadly, half off the bed, Dean gripping his wrist tight. “You don’t get to run off again,” Dean says finally. “You owe me that much. You stay here, and you talk to me.”
Cas shakes his head. “I can’t watch him all the time. Hopefully the girls—or Benny— will keep him busy. And he had good reasons to bring me here. He said I was too pent up, and he wasn’t wrong. It’s a big adjustment, living this way.” Cas sighs. “And without alcohol on the drive, neither of us has been much fun. Not that I’m fun, regardless. But he’s having a hard time without it. We clash a lot.”
It takes Dean a moment before he gets it. He turns away. “Sweet talker.” The coffee’s probably done. He lifts the shirt of coffee beans up off the bowl and sets it on the counter, then passes the bowl to Cas along with a spoon. “How’s that?”
Dean talks slow and steady, letting the vowels rest on his tongue before moving on. “—What exactly are you fixing to do with your drawing of a boy whore from Abilene?”
“Stay there,” Cas says as he releases Dean’s torso to fall back onto the mattress. He takes a moment—one last moment—to stare at Dean, at the way his chest rises and falls, at the trail of cum running from it to his stomach, at his dick, just beginning to slump over, at his parted, panting, perfect lips. A perverse desire takes over Cas’s mind. “Can I—? Open your mouth.”
There weren’t many boys west of the Mississippi willing to whore themselves, not when land and work (not to mention men) were so easy to come by; Dean was a special case. He was a local boy, born and raised in Abilene since before the railroad was built through. He’d grown up watching the town grow and thrive, and Sister Jo’s at the center of it. He used to watch the girls on the rare occasions they stepped outside the house, all dolled up in their long, frilly dresses that cut low on their chests. All the boys watched Sister Jo’s girls, of course, but Dean’s gaze hadn’t been hungry the way theirs had. What Dean saw, when he looked at them, was the confident way that the girls moved in those dresses, with their backs straight and tall and chins in the air. He saw the way that the men would all orbit the girls as they walked around town—on the rare occasions they
Cas looks away. He looks now like he looked when they first met, ethereal. Pale. Inhuman. Dickish. “I didn’t think you wanted me to,” he confesses.
Dean feels a brush of skin and jumps, but it’s just Cas grabbing his other hand, which he washes just as gently as he had the first one.
Dean sighs heavily. The focus on this guy. “Yeah, I mean, I been in lots of scraps, Cas. Being what I am, talking shit the way I do, yeah. I been beat tons of times. Happy?”
Now there’s only 24 hours to go, and Dean feels electric. He’s bouncing on his heels, tending bar and not paying it any attention. He’s thinking about being crucified in some inn in Santa Fe. He’s thinking about blue fire eyes staring at him while he’s helpless and strung, piercing him to the core and being pleased with what they find there.
Cas offers to put him out the easy way, and Dean accepts. Two fingers are pressed to his forehead. Sleep takes him.
Bobby shows Dean in, hanging his lantern up on a hook by the door. Bobby’s business was breeding horses, but business had been bad ever since the railroad came through and richer folks had started moving in to town. Those folks could afford to buy thoroughbreds, and had sires brought in special to improve their bloodlines. Poor Bobby just had the animals his family had owned, and whatever people coming through Abilene could sell cheap, but they were good creatures, Dean knew, well taken care of, tame and well-trained. With a few notable exceptions, they were work horses rather than racers.
says Balthazar, rolling his eyes and turning to Dean. “Come on, dear; I refuse to have nothing to do while you two
Bobby grunts over his glass. “Must’ve forgot what that was like.” Poor Bobby had been a widower longer than Dean had been alive, living alone on his old stud ranch an hour’s ride from Abilene proper. Dean always meant to visit him and never did.
He has to get Crowley out of his head. It’s hard, though, because there is a vein of ironic truth to what he’d said. Cas even knows exactly what Crowley would call his current emotional state:
It’s not one kiss, but a series: slow, chaste kisses, lips only, pressing against lips. Dean’s head bobs gently while Cas lies still, holding his hand to Dean’s cheek, feeling the very real scratch of Dean’s stubble to ground him alongside the nearly fantastical softness of Dean’s lips.
Dean tilts his head back, getting a new angle on Castiel and winking up at him, before rocking his head back down, starting to build a rhythm proper.
“My primary study was chemistry, which was an excuse to study photography. Compared to illustration, I find it to be much more precise.” He places another sheet of paper over the drawing carefully and sighs. “And expensive.”
Cas does, and Dean talks him through it, encouraging him slowly until he’s fully seated inside Dean, eyes closed, breaths shallow. Dean watches. He can feel— something. Cas is pressing against something, but it isn’t as good as the finger-fucking, probably because they aren’t moving. It’s just pressure, just Cas. He has one hand on the thigh of Dean’s leg, slung over his shoulder, the other on Dean’s knee. Dean lifts that leg, too, puts it on Cas’s other shoulder, feels the shift of a cock inside of him. Weird. Not totally uncomfortable. Kind of nice, in a way. Cas releases a breath through his teeth. “Dean—“
Dean leans into the doorway to smile down the hall at Cas, who clearly hadn’t meant for Jack to take his suggestion so immediately. “Sure thing, kid. Now get lots of sleep so you won’t be grumpy in the morning like your daddy.”
When Cas comes back to bed, Dean moves to give him a hand job, at least, but Cas intercepts his hand and lies down beside him instead.
Dean’s body wriggles a little more, getting comfortable against Cas, and Cas is still too tired to really comprehend it, but he certainly isn’t going to complain. “You good?” Dean whispers.
Dean holds his hand out and waits for Meg to roll him one. She hands it to him and lights it with a match, which she waves out and then leaves right on Dean’s nightstand like the slob she is. Dean breathes it in deeply. He doesn’t usually smoke; it brings back dim memories of his granddaddy in the last few years of his life, hacking up a lung, but he needs it now, needs something to get inside him and send this feeling away. Whiskey wouldn’t go amiss, neither. He stares at his own hand, shaking as it tries to hold the cigarette steady.
Dean grabs a blanket and heads out to meet Cas, only to realize he near forgot his oil jar and has to run back in the house for it. He winks at Donna as he grabs it, and she gives him a little wave and a wink back from her bed. Dean leaves the house to find Cas unhitching his horse.
Cas sighs when Dean stops, moving his hand to Dean’s back, unwilling to let go. He noses at Dean’s cheek and kisses him, too, licking him just a little, just tasting his lips.
Cas slides off his finger with a slurping sound and blinks confusedly up at him, as if he’d been miles away.
Years, and that’s all. No explanation. The world was ending any day now, for the last time, but no explanation. This was
Shit. How could Cas talk like that? With those wide blue eyes, and sincerity coming out his ass? How could he just come out and say that sort of thing? Dean tightens his grip on Cas’s hand. He feels like there’s a rope tightening on his chest. “Cas, you think you can stick around til morning?”
“Shoot, who don’t got one!” says Donna loudly. “I got my good old Colt revolver under mine. She never misses. And I know Bela’s got more than one upstairs.”
You had to be close enough to look a man in the eye, to shoot him with a derringer. Cas couldn’t be a good shot, neither, had probably gotten even closer, to be safe. He may have even had words with John, in the end. John would’ve had words for Cas, for certain. Cursing and threatening, that’s how he’d died. He may have even tried to shoot Cas. He had almost certainly tried to shoot Cas. But, for once, how could you blame him?
The ‘cute cows’ comment Dean thinks is worth the money seeing as Balthazar didn’t appreciate what he was getting with Cas’s drawings, but then he has to shorten kiss you silly and miss you silly into one phrase in order to afford the dang thing.
“I want to touch you, Dean. I want to make you moan.” Dean is breathing shallowly, lost in his fantasy. His whole body feels warm, tingly. Cas’s voice is lower than normal, stilted and graveled. “Are you getting close?”
“First time with a boy?” Dean tilts the question upwards, trying to figure out how much of a virgin he’s dealing with here.
Suddenly Dean understands. He understands because he’s the one who went through Cas’s things after he died. He understands because he’s the one who cleaned out Cas’s room, who called Claire and Jody, who went through Cas’s shitty car and found the shitty mixtape he’d made years ago as a shitty, failed attempt at confessing his feelings. Dean understands because he’s been torturing himself with that goddamn tape on loop for months.
Cas shifts, aligning himself above Dean’s mouth. A wave of fear runs through Dean as he looks at the size of it.
Dean calms Sue-Anne; she had wanted to run off with the others. “Don’t you rip out on me, Sam. You ain’t got a clue what you’re talking about.”
“I am, Dean.” Cas leans down and kisses Dean’s stomach, still pumping slowly. Dean whines. He wants it faster. He wants to fuck, he wants so much. “Did anyone want to touch your cock?”
angel. I’m saying I’ll help you work out your sexual frustrations. You needy little whore, you.” Insults aside, he seems sincere. How bleak a euphemism he’d chosen.
Dean wants to do something easy, wants to keep yelling at Cas, but he can’t seem to, with the way Cas is watching him. It’s like he’s waiting for something. They stand in silence for a moment, Dean incapable of saying what he needs to, and Cas not asking.
They actually fall asleep crammed together that way, or Cas does, at least. Dean can’t rightly tell if he’s asleep or not most of the night, and when he figures he’s laid there for a couple of hours and the sun would be up soon, he gets up and dressed and sneaks out back to Sue-Anne, patting her snout gently.
“No shit.” Dean leans himself back against Cas’s finger. He’s still gripping himself awkwardly in one hand, trying not to come.
“Right in here, actually,” Dean answers, attempting to be smooth, despite his twitching lip. His blood is boiling. The air is too thin. “About ten times a day.”
Dean cranes his neck up and starts kissing at Cas’s cock, which is only mostly hard. Cas brings his free hand down to pet through Dean’s hair, and it sends shivers through him again, thinking of Cas pulling it earlier, of him pulling it while inside of Dean. It makes him sigh. “You can pull my hair, too.”
God, the relief Dean feels from that must be plastered all over his face. He nods, as if confirming plans. As if he was in any way in control of the situation. “Good. And you’re really not gonna tell me what happened?”
GODDAMN ROADHOUSE. And messing with our heads— Oh, I’m sick of him, Sammy. And there’s NO ONE here. No Cas. No Mom. Jack—who knows what the hell he did to Jack! All of friggin’ Heaven has been Thanos snapped— Do you realize we could’ve driven that road FOR AN ETERNITY and never seen anyone. How is that even fun, for him?
Cas sleeps in Dean’s bed again the next night, and the next. They never speak very much— Cas gets the sense that if he says much of anything, Dean will kick him out. In the meantime, Cas can’t believe his luck. The sleep was good, yes, necessary, even. But everything else—everything else was
“No, I just— didn’t want to be interrupted. I thought the time seemed worth it. So far I’ve been right.”
Dean gets into the car, door thumping closed beside him. On the other side of the bench seat is Cas, still smiling a small, dopey smile. Still happy just to be there. It wasn’t fair.
“Of course you can. Here you go.” Dean watches as Cas reaches into his pocket, pulls out a little cowboy figurine with a rifle, and trades it with Jack’s little pistol-toting outlaw before Jack runs off again. “He’s only allowed two toys to have out at a time while in public spaces,” Cas explains.
“God, Cas. I had no idea. Didn’t know you wanted this.” Dean rubs Cas’s tip with his thumb, making his head slick, rubbing sensation into it. “Didn’t know you liked this. Fuck.”
He moves his head into the crook of Cas’s leg, licks at him and starts sucking again. He bites at this thigh, too, gently and playfully, smiling up at Cas though a cloud has taken their moonlight away. Fumbling in the dark, he finds the jar of oil and pours some into his hand. He holds it there, warming it up as he finds his way back to his original position, kissing at Cas’s balls, now, then the base of his cock, licking up it eagerly and kissing the tip.
“Freedom is fragile,” Cas agrees. “Perhaps we can only truly appreciate what we have, once it’s lost.”
Dean bites his lip. The future is suddenly exciting. He can’t seem to stop smiling. “You gonna be good to me, darlin’?”
But Cas goes back down on him, distracting him by sucking deeper this time, seemingly eager, until he pops back off and spits again.
Sam and Dean sit on the front porch and drink beer while watching the sun set beyond the highway. Behind them they are framed by a window, maybe even some domestic-looking curtains. The window surrounds them with warm light as the sun goes down and the scene slowly DARKENS.
“I don’t—“ Cas just squirms under him and Dean remembers there are easier ways to get Cas to do what he wants. He kisses at the edge of Cas’s lips, turned away from him now, and brings his hand up a little to rub at Cas’s cock.
FADE IN on MIRACLE, who is playing in the backyard. Birds are singing, the sun is shining. Things are beautiful, but not heavenly. This is Earth. There’s the sound of a car approaching. Miracle barks and runs around the house toward it and we pan out and across, following him, past the more traditional-looking house on the side of the building to REVEAL Miracle Motors in the front: a large garage & workshop with a glossy ’67 Chevy Impala logo, right off the highway. Miracle greets Sam and EILEEN as they get out of their car (something practical). Sam has a casserole.
Cas groans assent, and follows orders with Dean’s fingers still in his mouth. If his hands linger a second too long, Dean doesn’t call him on it. Dean pumps himself slowly with his free hand, getting himself all the way hard. It doesn’t take long, watching Cas suck his fingers eagerly, and he stops, conscious that he wants to last as long as possible.
“I know, I know. Two weeks from now in Santa Fe. That letter’s gonna reach you, too; you just wait.”
After a second, the sheriff pulls out a paper and looks at it. “Let me help you out. Starts with a ‘C.’”
No, you don’t. You don’t know what you want. The Empty’s full of lame old characters. They were killed off for a reason. Trust me, the superpower cops idea is better. I’ll prove it to you.
Dean knocks on the farmhouse door first as a precaution. “Mr. MacDougal!” he calls. “Anybody home?” No one answers. Bela was cutthroat as hell, but she had no intention of getting Dean shot before he had to do her laundry. For a whole month. Dean pushes the thought away.
Shit. Dean stares into Cas’s eyes. They’re still lit, still hungry, still focused on Dean. Cas is panting, chest heaving, still holding him close, and he’s apparently not embarrassed about the situation at all, since he’s staring openly at Dean’s mouth like he wants to fuck it. Shit. “Shouldn’t ought you be working?” Dean pants, unable to take his eyes off Cas. He leans in a little closer despite himself. Cas watches him do it, and it makes the small motion feel monumental. God, everything felt important with Cas watching him.
Dean shakes his head. All he can do is shake his head. Maybe if he did the world would see reason. “You really just let him go?”
Dean licks at it, sucks it gently. Cas gasps quietly above him. Dean has a hand on Cas’s side, and he fondles it gently, letting his hand wander to Cas’s back, exploring his bare skin and supporting him gently; then, Dean expands his kiss radius downward, toward Cas’s navel. He licks into it, like some two-dollar whore.
Dean’s already made the decision not to walk out, or tell Cas to quit being so sweet. He just sits there.
I’ve spent so long hating myself. Just hating and not knowing why, and I’m only now realizing— I don’t even know who I am. For so long it was ‘protect Sam’ and then it was ‘hunt things’ and ‘save the world’ and ‘kill Chuck’ and now— and now there’s nothing to do but talk.
Cas nods, eyes watery and lips parted, like he really does want Dean to tell him, or maybe by Dean telling him he’ll make it true. “Please,” he says.
Cas looks almost disappointed as he walks away, but he goes to Sister Jo as instructed. They’re doing it by the book this time; Dean isn’t dumb enough to get into trouble when Jo still had seventy dollars over his head.
Cas meets his eyes. They stare at each other for a moment, then Cas shifts, climbing up the bed and over Dean. Somehow in the night Cas had gotten him facing the right way. Dean tilts his head for a kiss, but it doesn’t come.
Cas doesn’t defend himself; he leans forward and retakes Dean’s lips. Dean allows it gladly, kissing Cas until the kettle boils, setting it again, kissing more, boil, kiss, boil, done.
Cas blinks. His expression changes. He releases Dean’s hand and crawls up the bed, lowering himself over Dean’s face. He kisses Dean, and somehow it’s the hottest kiss they’ve ever shared, Dean’s legs still open, Cas’s tongue pressing fully into Dean’s mouth, wanting, desperate, loving.
Castiel sighs as Dean swallows him back up again, still keeping his hat on with one hand. “I don’t— hm. I could take you home,” says Castiel, and Dean hums approval. “I could keep you there, just for me. You wouldn’t need clothes, or anything. No rough fabrics for your skin. You could spend your time in silk robes, or in nothing at all. You could lounge around in my bed, naked in silk sheets, and wait for me.”
“May could be he’s pregnant,” Dean deadpans, but Cas doesn’t laugh. “Got any idea why he’d send a doctor of all people out to Texas to find you?”
Oh, don’t be like that. That doesn’t mean it wasn’t great while it lasted! I did you a favor, honestly, by taking over in the end, and man, was it worth it. My best writing yet. What did you think? Be honest. I mean, Dean’s death scene—I cried. I really did.
“Makes it feel like home,” Dean jokes cheerily, sitting on Meg’s bed and offering a spot on his own to Bobby, who stands awkwardly for a moment before sitting down on the plain cotton bedspread. “You want some water? More whiskey?” Dean offers.
“You’re riding tonight.” Cas had a point, though, and Dean wishes he hadn’t brought it up. The plan had been to do this yesterday, so they could really go to town and Cas would have a day to recover, but of course Crowley had ruined that. “Ready for three?”
Right. He’d told Dean to shut up. Dean had spoken kindly to him, and he’d told him to shut up. “That… I got carried away.”
sort of look that Dean accepts before kissing a trail down Cas’s heaving chest, Cas’s fingers in his hair. When he reaches Cas’s waist, he gives Cas a gentle pump. He has a plan.
“Dean,” Cas grumbles, far too reasonable in tone, almost certainly about to ask him to leave. One of his hands has moved to Dean’s shoulder, as if to push him away, though he doesn’t.
“You knowed about that?” Dean takes her by the snout and gives her a pat. “Ain’t she pretty? Name like that didn’t fit a sweet thing like her, so I just call her Baby. You’re my baby girl, ain’t you?” he coos.
“Hey. I’m alright, darlin’. Look at me. I’m doing just fine. Sitting… pretty as twelve acres of pregnant red hogs.”
so slowly—and as Dean ruts up against his thigh, Cas gasps deliciously against his lips. Dean fills the space between them with his tongue.
“I, ah, brought you something,” grumbles Cas, and a moment later a bottle is pushed through the gap in the curtain. Dean takes it in surprise and examines the label. It’s a top shelf bourbon. The hell?
“It gets better the more you drink. Personally, I don’t mind the taste.” Dean glances downward pointedly and then winks, sending the innuendo home.
“They, uh, they plan to, run off and get married, all legal and everything, but, ah, fuck, uh. Mm. It rains, and they get cold.”
“Just like that,” he murmurs, sitting on the corner of the bed and surveying Dean as he puts charcoal to paper. “God, you’re beautiful. Do you feel beautiful?”
“Don’t got to be scared of me,” says Dean, believing it. He runs his hands through Cas’s hair. “My sweet man. Couldn’t never hurt you. I still love you, you know. After all this time. Spent ten years trying to convince myself not to. Didn’t work.”
“Oh.” The next drive? Out all the way to Jackson and back? How many weeks was that? It didn’t matter; he’d already been gone from Abilene too long.
And Jack runs back down the hall to meet Cas, who gives Dean an exasperated look. Dean shuts the door on him with a wink, takes off his boots and hat, and lies flat on his back on the bed with a groan. He feels like an old man. Breaking your back in multiple places could do that to a person. Watching another man lift his son in the air when just standing was enough to hurt could do worse. Dean closes his eyes and tries to relax, and when he opens them again, Cas is sitting above him, kissing his forehead.
Dean sits on the bed and runs his fingers through Cas’s hair. “It’s just for feeling safe, darlin’.”
“You’re in a bath now. Just relax, angel. Look at us here together. Finally off your damn horse and someplace nice. Here, turn around.”
“Darlin’,” Dean sits up to run a hand up the inside of Castiel’s thigh. “Already done told you. So long as you keep talking to me with that voice of yours, you can do whatever the hell you want with me.” He reaches up further and fondles Castiel’s sac gently. “You any good? At drawing?”
Dean steps into the living room, and he’s seventeen again. The first thing that hits him is the smell—dark and woody, the comforting smell of too many people in too little space, of being a kid, of decades-old cigarette smoke baked into the foundation. It’s a smell so familiar he’d never noticed it until this moment, when it’s been made foreign by time. It’s dark inside; they don’t have big ceiling lamps like Sister Jo’s, so he waits in the entry for his eyes to adjust as Sam moves in, confident in the space. The walls are dark wood, the lamps dim. The furniture is oak: old, worn things, too hard to be really comfortable. There are a few quilts and pillows to make them sittable, old ones, ones he remembers only upon seeing them again. There isn’t much new, in that regard. None of them liked sewing, though they could patch things well enough. There’s a blanket that Dean had had to darn several times for the girls now draped carelessly on a chair and trailing to the floor, ragged and in need of re-darning. Dean’s eyes linger on it, and then find the old rug beneath his feet, nearly translucent with wear. He had used to play on that rug, though it hadn’t been new, even then. He’d played cowboys and Indians in this room with Charlie, and hidden behind that stiff oak chair, which had a burn on the back of it from when they’d roleplayed an Indian raid on Dean’s Lincoln log fort with “fiery arrows” made of matches. When the chair had caught, Dean and Charlie had panicked and called for their momma, who had put out the tiny fire with a rag and berated them for sitting there watching the flame instead of taking care of it themselves. He’d forgotten they’d done that.
“And neither is Miss Kline. And I’ve never slept with her. Biologically speaking, I’m Jack’s uncle.”
pps can u believe that in the CW’s Supernatural Cas really died and came back to life without any character development from the experience? But then again why should he be different than any other character
“It’ll only be a month. Summer vacation, like I said.” By the time they got back, Sam would be home for actual summer vacation. He might even talk to him. “Our own little Cape Cod,” Dean goes on, “only instead of a whole extra goddamn house, we’ll have the sky. ‘Stead of a bay, we’ll have the range. Campfire instead of a stove,” he whispers. “Each other for blankets.”
Cas grabs Dean’s wrist, pulls Dean’s hand out of his mouth and presses it down onto the mattress. He leans down over Dean and kisses him.
“You’re keeping him sober, which is mighty impressive. But he started on that stuff because he was melancholic, and he’s still melancholic. Leave him alone for a second and he’ll start again. Told me as much himself.”
Dean lightly runs his fingers through Cas’s hair, starting at his temple, letting his fingers just brush above Cas’s scalp. Cas closes his eyes, not protesting at the contact, face still. He opens them again when Dean reaches the back of his head, cradling it softly. Cas’s gaze is wary, dark. Dean raises onto an elbow to kiss him, gently, just a touch on the forehead. Another on his temple. Another on his cheek. Dean doesn’t let himself think. He doesn’t let himself pray. He just
winning hand,” Dean tries to make his tone exasperated, but his heart isn’t in it. “And I’m the one winked at you, not the other way ‘round.”
“You’re so intelligent, and competent, and beautiful. And charming—God, Dean. I can barely talk to you when you flirt. And confident— how can you just ride out here to a new environment and take to it so easily? You’re the most incredible man I’ve ever met. And so kind. So caring. You’re the most selfless, loving man I’ve ever—“
“Not flexible,” Cas explains, lifting a hand and separating his fingers as wide as they go. Dean had never considered such a thing before, a physical requirement to play music.
“I think I’ll get over it,” says Cas, which isn’t really an answer. “I got over everything else for you.”
Dean remembers forgiving Cas. The lake. The grief. He remembers Cas returned, insane but still kind, useless but gloriously
“What d’you say, baby girl? Wanna ride circles ‘round some smelly old cows with me?” She nickers and nods her head, dancing around a bit like she knows what he’s saying. She’s full of energy already, even though they just woke her up. “Shit, you’re beautiful.” Dean thinks he might be falling in love all over again. He shakes his head. This had to be Bobby’s most valuable horse. He wasn’t trying to rob Bobby out of house and home. He’d thought he’d just take some old thing. “I can’t take her, Bobby.”
“Please,” Dean says lowly, settling on Cas’s lap and leaning in close. “Pretty please, fuck your little whore boy.”
Cas didn’t believe in hell. Neither did Dean, not really. It wasn’t because of Cas. It had nothing to do with him. It didn’t.
“You’re good at a lot of things,” says Bobby, and Dean has to fight not to roll his eyes to the sky. “You’ll do just fine.”
Dean chuckles, holding Cas’s face so he can keep kissing it. Cas lets him, breathing shakily, fingers pulling at Dean’s shirt.
It always hurt Castiel, to look at Dean Winchester and not to love him, openly and loudly, but that was no excuse for pettiness. It was no excuse for mistakes. Cas needed time to heal the hole in his chest, to climb upright and find his pride again. So, he had more than one reason to search for Lucifer. By finding Lucifer, Cas could save the world, redeem himself in his own eyes and Dean’s, spend some alone, and maybe, by the end, feel less like a piece of shit.
Dean’s jaw drops, but Cas doesn’t seem surprised by this astute assessment from a six-or-seven-year-old.
“Shit!” Dean yells in surprise, throwing the blanket off as Cas takes his dick in hand and pumps him steadily. Dean leans up onto his elbows and watches in shock and awe as Cas gets him hard. A little warning would’ve been nice, but hell if he’s complaining.
“Bend your knees,” he says, and Cas does, lifting them to either side of him. Dean pets and kisses the inside of one. “Spread for me, darlin’.”
“Yes, Dean.” Cas does, and Dean tries to collect himself. It’s hard, with Cas naked in front of him. Dean slides his trousers off, finds the water skin and takes a drink.
to come back here with a win for you. For myself.” Cas searches Dean’s face for forgiveness, but it only gets angrier.
He’s so damn sweet about it, so grateful to Dean, and for what? For a little flirting? For taking his money?
Fuck. Fuck. He couldn’t— Cas pulls their hips together by Dean’s ass, making Dean’s rim and cock both cry out for more, and he melts, and fuck his back anyhow—“Yes, Castiel.”
She chats about nothing, about the weather, about her weight, about her clients, and soon Dean is calming down, sitting clean in the water, bones aching but manageably so. He finishes washing up, takes stock of his bruises, and leans back in the tub, groaning at the feeling.
Cas does and Dean follows, kneeling over him and kissing down his chest, his beautiful chest, tonguing his bellybutton, kissing at soft hair and then rougher hair, then kissing the smooth skin on the side of his cock.
Cas follows Dean down the hall, Dean making little slapping sounds in his slippers and Cas padding along behind barefoot. Dean opens the door to his room and waves Cas in. Cas goes, and stands awkwardly in the middle of it. He’s never been in Dean’s room while human before. He’s never been in Dean’s room at four am before.
Was that all that was bothering him? Dean claps his hands together in his lap conclusively. “Well, then, I forgive you.”
“And then you can take me back to our room, and have your way with me. Sound good?” Dean tries to make it flirty, he really does, but it comes out like the final snap in an argument.
He sits on the bed. Close. He brushes against Cas with his thigh and shoulder. He’s a fucking teenager.
“You’re the one that saved me. You’re the one that taught me; how to have faith, how to have hope, hell, how to be alive. You— you had it all wrong.”
“I reckon you come here from a place I can’t even imagine. Where everybody’s done up fancy and talking big talk and taking photographs of each other. And I’m sure your rich daddy had some thing lined up for you, but despite him telling you what to do all the time, you fell in love anyway. And then when that fell through, you got your heart broken and your dream taken away, and you lost your family, all at once. And then you dragged your good-for-nothing brother out here with you because he was all you had left, and you been helping him get better while you’re at it. And then you met me, and you treated me right, and you fell in— well, feelings, again. I think that’s real brave of you. To have that taken away, to know how much that hurts, and to want it again anyway. And I know it’s hard. I know we do things different here, heck I do things different from anybody else in town. And we won’t get to see each other much, neither. But we’ll figure it out, the two of us. It’s alright.”
They stick to each other in the night, holding each other close even though it’s too hot under the wool blanket. Dean has a vague awareness of a fellow body, a trusted body, moving against him, hair brushing his chest, a hard cock against his waist, skin rubbing between his thighs. He leans into it, moving against it lazily. It feels good, relaxing and exciting all at once. He gains enough consciousness to think of Cas, to remember that Cas is actually with him and this was probably real, not a dream for once, and that makes him moan softly. Cas’s hand pushes him over and Dean goes, flat onto his back, letting Cas climb on top of him and keep rutting against him slowly. Cas takes his hands, putting his weight on his elbows so he’s close and gentle holding Dean down, and Dean thinks he must have been really stupid, earlier in the night, to have had Cas on top of him and not want him there. He squeezes Cas’s hands as he starts to breathe in little gasps. It feels so good, just gentle and sleepy and safe. He’s never done it like this before.
