“Uhh, your siblings. I’ve never had any real siblings and I want to know how it feels like to have one.”
The motel room was booked. The room was situated on the second floor only three doors past Grace’s room.
It’s only until he hears another roar coming from the road that he switches his focus back onto the black ribbon of tarmac  and waits for the car to arrive. He waves at it as it speeds closer to him but, in the end, it doesn’t stop. Dropping his hands as he faces another loss, he concludes that it would probably be easier to walk to the nearest town so that he could at least get a little closer to civilization and get information on where he is and when he is.
“I guess that’s understandable. As a hunter, I’m guessing you don’t have many friends either who would like to travel?” Jimmy asked.
“N-no. No, I’ll be ok. I can do this on my own. I want to drive the car. I want to be able to lead this on my own,” Grace insisted.
~~~~~
Strolling down the sidewalk, he scavenges for something, anything,  to find out how to get to the people he knows- his family. That is… if they’re still alive.
A question he’d been meaning to ask Grace popped up in his head again. He decided to ask.
He stood up straight and tall, despite not looking much over six feet. His face was serious and rigid. His movements were off, like a stone statue learning how to move fluidly to blend in with its surroundings. She wasn’t sure how old he was but his comforting, seemingly all-knowing eyes suggested that he was an old soul. She couldn’t help herself but ask:
Try a hundred, Castiel thought to himself. He didn’t want to lie. He wasn’t very good at it.
He only remembers fragments of the dream. It was a little infuriating, not having all the information but, to be honest, he didn’t want to remember much from it.
“I have a lead he might be in northern Colorado. It’s a 13 hour drive from here,” Grace starts.
Protection.
Grace laughed.
“I’d rather remember the good parts of them. They were both good. Micheal was loyal and cared for the good of his family and Lucas simply wanted to love our father and our family. Those fights, although they caused a lot of harm, didn’t change how I see them,” Jimmy admitted.
“Yeah, well with my dad gone, I consider myself allowed to hunt for a little while,” she smiled, though it fell quite quickly and her eyes seemed to have dulled and lose its glimmer.
This wasn’t a dream Castiel had.
“Goodbye, Dean.”
2026, Castiel thinks to himself. That’s almost 6 years after I left, after I… confessed. Oh no. This wasn’t supposed to happen. Castiel was never supposed to come back. He wasn’t supposed to deal with the consequences or deal with Dean’s response. He wouldn’t know what would be more painful: Dean rejecting him, or Dean saying out loud that he loves him too, making Cas feel immense guilt for abandoning the man he saved. The man he loved- still loves.
Besides, Dean probably has a loving woman with him since he always was a ladies man so there’s no doubt he’s probably growing grey with another woman. He wouldn’t want to ruin the relationship they’ve been building.
The pleads echoed into the Empty; each of them more distant than the previous. The voice was disappearing.
“What have I gotten myself into?” He asked the freshly scented air,” not even a day has passed and I’m already throwing myself back into the hunting pit.”
He puts the paper back down and continues down the road. He’s thinking. He’s thinking about whether or not it is a good idea to call Dean, or Sam, or maybe even Claire or Jody to tell them that he’s back and that he’s okay. However, he decides against it. They’ve probably moved on already. It’s the hunter life after all, you can’t really get close to anyone because death will hit you hard and will be the cause of your own death.
Thump
“Vampires. Yes, I know.”
“Yeah… this time of year is always tough for him. I think that he lost someone important to him around that time. It was someone he knew well, his best friend, for sure, but I don’t know much about him. He rarely talked about him,” Grace admitted, keeping her eyes on the road.
Castiel looked at the state of his clothes: they were a little messy  and wrinkled and the thought of wearing that trench coat again made him shiver and gulp in fear as he doesn’t want it trying to eat him up again.
“Jimmy,” Castiel finally answered,” Jimmy Kline.”
Jimmy chuckled at her reaction. She rolled her eyes and focused her attention on the road again.
“Yeah, maybe,” she said as she picked up her burger and stuffed it in her mouth, trying her best to not chew loudly. Jimmy did the same and put a forkful of vegetables in his mouth.
“That’s a lot for someone as young as you. Do you want me to drive?” Jimmy asked, brows furrowed in concern.
“And you seem a little too old to be a hunter, my guy,” she smirked, popping another fry in her mouth and giving a toothy grin.
“Thank you! I’m Grace, by the way. It’s a pleasure to meet you Jimmy,” she held out her hand.
It took him a few seconds to recognize where he was, but as he sat up and looked around the small motel room and the pile of coats on the floor,the memories came flooding back in.
He decided to look back up and once his eyes met the sky, it looked vibrant, he couldn’t help but smile in fascination. Clouds are scattered across the endless blue, the sun was on its way down past some distant mountains still sprinkled with snow. It made him momentarily forget what he was dreaming about. Once his thoughts took over again, his eyes dimmed, and small smile turned into a sad frown. The countless bodies he murdered over and over again. They’re the same ones that he told “I love you,” to.
Is anybody out there?
There was another long silence. Nature surrounded them in shades of greens, browns and golds. The sun was already starting to set, but it hasn’t given the sky that beautiful array of colors yet. Jimmy was staring at the trees passing by, the empty fields ready for winter and a flock of birds that seemed to be migrating maybe. There was a big sign indicating where they were but they were going too fast and he wasn’t paying enough attention to read it.
He concludes that he’s unscathed and drops his hand beside his sides before scavenging around for a nearby road or any sign of civilization. He notices a series of electrical posts aligned and connected by a few black wires drooping and rising at each post.
The voice whispered to the angels for help.
He plays back the bizarre events of last night and tried to analyze them. It felt as if every season he’d missed on earth caught up to him during those few minutes. With delicate fingers he rubs his throat, trying to get a feeling of the presence of his grace, but it’s faint and flickering away slowly.
It was true. Castiel has thousands of stories to tell starting from the beginning of time and even beyond that. He has lived with his brothers and sisters before the earth was even born. He could talk and talk about every single day he was alive ceaselessly. He could talk about watching humanity evolve into what it is today with them. As an angel he was tasked to protect with his garrison. Jimmy Kline, on the other hand, didn’t have much of a story to tell. He wasn’t real. He didn’t have a life and he doesn’t have much to contribute for anyone. That’s who Castiel is now: a shell of who he once was.
They ignore him.
Grace scoffed and a minute later, they were on their way to Colorado.
“I guess I’m not really much of anything now,” he spoke softly, a bitter sigh escaped his lips.
Grace’s words lingered around his head and he couldn’t stop thinking about a certain green eyed man.
“I love you..”
He sighed in relief when the constricted coat was removed from his body. It was odd. He never felt this way wearing the coat (as he’s been wearing it for years) and not once has he felt it tighten like that. It was just the perfect size for him to move around comfortably without feeling at a disadvantage when it came to fights.
He fell heavily on the ground, barely touching the girl. The other two vampires, shaking from fear at this stranger who appeared out of nowhere, stood as still as they could, both unsure of what to do.
He drops his hand and huffs. He’s not giving up hope yet, so he waits for another car or other 4 wheeled vehicle to drive by and help him. While he waits, he looks around and takes in the greenery around him as well as the soft breeze making his hair softly fly and coat rise ever so slightly.
“I- No. No, I don’t and I don’t think I have any money either,” Jimmy said as he patted his pockets.
Her eyes were wide and blue, a blue similar to his, but a little bit more grey. She was on the ground, her legs shaky and heart racing from that near death experience. Her hair was a mix between chestnut and dirty blonde. It was curly and reached just below her shoulders.
“It’s a pleasure to meet you too, Grace,” he shook her hand.
Grace said that they aren’t leaving until around 10 or 10:30 am since she isn’t much of a morning person and,” the day I start waking up early is when I’m married and have a dull full-time job, which is never gonna happen so why bother?”
“Who are you?”
“Are you alright?” He asked. Kneeling down in front of her, having one knee touch the dirty cement and having his trench coat displayed on the floor like a graceful  peacocks tail.
“Y-yeah. I’m alright,” she started, voice dry, maintaining eye contact,” I’m just a little shaky.”
Grace started to have tears build in her eyes. She didn’t want to lose him. Jimmy was going to make sure that that didn't happen.
Reluctantly, he walks towards the discarded coats and kneels beside it, fiddling with the pockets and finding the credit card Grace gave him. He wants to give it back to her and to tell her that it wasn’t worth it. He hasn’t hunted in a long while and, as she implied, he’s ancient now. His body has older bones and weaker muscles. He wouldn’t be able to fight whatever evil that lurks in the shadows. Secondly, he definitely doesn’t want to have to experience those waves whilst on a hunt.
“I’m guessing that that’s why you’re here?” Jimmy asked.
Jimmy didn’t argue and smiled at her statement and waited for her to get in the car before he followed. She was flustered as she could tell that he was already impressed with her.
“Tell me, how old are you? You seem young to be a hunter?” He asked while playing with his food.
Maybe he’ll talk to them one day, but for now, it’s best that he stays off the radar. In the meantime, he has to find someplace to stay inside for the night.
She did answer, though.
“Dead,” Jimmy said it plainly as if it was just a common fact that didn’t mean anything to him, but his heart started to ache. Grieving claws scratched at it slowly, certain that he was going to feel every second of every tear that they were creating.
“Hey! Wait!” She called out to him as she started running towards him, blocking his way,” Where are you going?”
Her words.
Instincts kicked in and Castiel starts to sneak into the alleyway, the commotion becoming louder the deeper he walked into the narrow alleyway.
Town name: Marfa, Texas.
~~~~~~~~~~
Tell me it’ll be alright.
“What were you doing in the fields while your brothers were having fun being chased by bees?” Grace smirked, giving a quick glance at Jimmy before keeping her eyes fixated on the road once more.
Evening of the 13th of September 2026.
“Thank you, Grace. You’re not too bad yourself,” Jimmy paused,” for a kid,” he smirked, glancing in her direction, barely turning his head.
As he let his glimmering silver angel blade slip out of his sleeve, he approached the vampires swiftly, face stern and threw the blade onto the vampire closest to the young girl. The blade hit the vampire straight in the heart. The vampire eyed the blade, mouth open for so long it could catch flies, but then his eyes looked back at Castiel, then at the blade, then back at Castiel before muttering:
“He’s grieving,” Jimmy pointed out.
“Damn. Dude, that’s awesome you got to travel to all of these places. I’ve always wanted to fly on a plane,” she asked after biting another piece off of the burger.
“You know what kind I mean. Those people- things- you just scared away, they were-”
“Because my dad doesn’t like when his brother gets involved in this situation,” Grace replied again.
Jimmy was startled by the question and stared at her blankly for a few seconds too long before turning his attention away from greenery surrounding them to the young woman.
“I’m not sure, I haven’t been there in a while but I guess it did build itself on that premise.”
“The best.”
“I’m sure he’s ok,” Jimmy reassured. He wasn’t sure if these words helped Grace in any way but he saw the ghost of a smile on her face and that’s all he needed.
“I’m not too much of a food person. I don’t eat much,” he answered truthfully, tapping his nail on the metal bottle.
“And what does a great international explorer like you does down here in the middle of nowhere?”
However, he remembers Grace. He sees her soft smile and her bright energy that seemed to emit from her soul which is now hiding from his mortal eyes. Being human is something he can get used to, and with enough luck, he won’t be fully human until after their hunt. It’s wishful thinking, but he concludes that he shouldn’t quit simply because he was now human. It was selfish. After all, all his friends and family were humans, so it’s not like he’s jumping into the hunt with no limbs. He’ll just have to be more careful- less reckless- and pay more attention to his needs.
“He’s on vacation. Won’t be returning for a while,” Jimmy played along, smiling softly.
The woman gulped and opened her mouth to say something, but only a yelp came out of her lips as she was dragged by the man that grabbed her hand and bolted  out of this almost forgotten thieves’ playground.
“Depends. What kind are you referring to?” He answered as he hid his blade in his belt rather than in his pocket to avoid her figuring out who or what he is.
“Use this one to book yourself a room close to mine to stay the night. Trust me, you’ll need to the rest,” Grace smiled as she shoved her wallet back in her jacket.
His eyes fluttered open.
Castiel didn’t want to lie. His first instcint was to respond truthfully, but in light of recent events, if she is a hunter, she might know his old friends and now isn’t the time to deal with so many people simultaneously.
He sighed.
Castiel observes the trees of varying sizes and shades of green as some gently brush each other as they're so close while others aimlessly try to reach each other. Looking at them for a few minutes, he starts to sympathize with the trees. It’s bizarre and not something he ever did before, but something about the way the branches seemed to extend like limbs and fingers to reach its partner, but being stuck in two different patches of greenery made it impossible.
“Yeah,” she sighed,” though this year it’s different. Usually he didn’t leave till the last few weeks of September and even then he calls me or messages me every other day about where he is and that he’s doing ok, but I haven’t received anything in over a week and I’m fearing the worst..”
“So… you’re looking for two people then?”
It was a man’s voice, once strong and beautiful, but now sounded hoarse, desperate and broken. It called for Castiel’s name, called for Castiel’s presence, called time and time again to come back for help. That voice, however, seemed to change, fading out into a higher pitched voice begging for help. He heard a crash and more tears. The soft voice begged softly for help.
“I’m almost 19, and I don’t hunt often. My dad makes sure of it. He says it’s not a line of work I should get myself into,” she explained, looking slightly disappointed,” I actually haven’t hunted in a few months, or maybe a year? I’m not sure, time passes by too quickly for my liking.”
Grace stayed silent for a moment, clearly reluctant to share anything in her life but that same feeling she got when she first met him came back.
Another limp body falls to the floor, eyes blank and staring at him. Castiel would say that he wouldn’t want to look at his face, but it’s something he couldn’t resist the temptation to look at. Whether it is to try and feel guilt because of how wrong it is, or trying to feel accomplished and how right it’s supposed to be. Nonetheless, it’s all that has been staring at him for the past days. No. Weeks maybe? He’s not sure. He can’t help it though. Turning his gaze towards the floor, he sees the dull green eyes of a man he used to love. A man he wants to love. This one, however, feels different. For the first time, his lips start to tremble and tears start rolling down his cheeks. He dropped his blade. The loud clank startled him as it echoed in the seemingly endless room. Falling to his knees, he grabs the leather coat of his Righteous Man and pulled him close. The angel wanted to scream. The angel wanted to yell. The angel wanted to wail and apologize again and again.
“What the hell happened to me?” He asked himself, rubbing his face with his hands before staring at them. A sudden chill ran up his spine for a few seconds before he felt normal again.
A wave of fatigue crashed into him unexpectedly. It felt strange- feeling tired. His eyes couldn’t focus and he kept swaying. Blinking only made it harder for him to see. Still, he attempted to walk towards the bed and successfully reached it, falling face first onto the nearest pillow and falling asleep instantly.
As he passes a dark, narrow alleyway, he notices dark figures lurking in the shadows, as well as grunts and thuds, as well as hissing?
A series of footsteps echoes closer towards her and she snapped her head to the side.
So maybe there wasn’t much lying.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Why were you out buying clothes? Don't you have any with you?” Grace questioned, curious.
“Family does that to you. You love them unconditionally. You don’t really know why, you just do,” Grace contributed,” that I can understand. Sometimes I’d get into arguments with my dad but I just can’t stop loving him and caring about him, you know?”
Once she was done, she asked again,” Tell me, is Paris really as romantic as people make it out to be?”
“No, I don’t. He went on what I’m assuming is a hunting trip and he hasn’t been in touch with me for a while and I’m starting to worry,” she confessed.
“So, where are we going now, Grace?” Jimmy asked as he walked around Grace’s car. She showed it to him last night. It was a 76 Chevrolet, its colour a muted blue. It looked old and not as glorious as the other newer cars that he's seen before drive around the city. She keeps saying it’s an old dump and sometimes seems to have a mind of its own but she was determined to keep it and use it no matter the car’s stubbornness.
“Well, if you’re done, I think it’s best for us to head off and hit the hay,” she smiled while stretching her arms,” We have a long road ahead of us tomorrow. You have a place to stay?”
In front of her stood Jimmy. He was wearing what looked to be a second hand black shirt, a red and blue checkered flannel and a dark blue hoodie with a pair of well used jeans and boots. Hanging near his hip was a duffel bag which looked to be half full of clothes.
Dreams are strange. The concept of dreaming is strange, but also fascinating. It creates a temporary world inside your head. For some people it’s mundane things that happen, but maybe with a twist. For others, it’s something that would sound like it came out of a crazy person’s mouth because of how little sense the dream made and how unnatural it was compared to their real life.
Can you lead me to the light?
“Yes, I haven’t hunted in 6 years, yet it only feels like a few days, maybe weeks since I’ve been gone. But your father is right. Hunting isn’t a business you want to get involved in. If you have the chance to escape it, you better do it before it’s too late. Some people never get the chance to live a normal life.”
The young girl looked at Castiel.
“Thank you. You’re very kind,” Jimmy smiled, storing the card in a pocket.
“Dang, what happened to the tax accountant Mr. Kline?” chuckled Grace, sliding a stray strand of hair that waved through the wind behind her ear.
Castiel looked at the little alarm clock on the wooden night stand. The neon green letters stared back at him and indicated: 8:12 am.
“You… don’t know?” He asked, a sudden burst of concern washed over him.
He shouldn’t be here.
It’s been fairly quiet for the past 3 hours they’ve been on the road. Apart from the rustling cars, the radio playing softly and the occasional comment, there was no real conversation between the two. It wasn’t uncomfortable, to say the least, in fact, Castiel enjoyed quiet car rides. They were peaceful and allowed him to drift away in his thoughts for a while.
He sighed, trying not to think about it and just thinking about entertaining the young hunter, “It was a few decades ago,” Jimmy started, altered his story,” I remember it quite vividly surprisingly. There was a field of lilacs in my fathers garden and my brothers and I were exploring. I was with my older brothers Micheal and Lucas- back when they got along. It was… now that I think about it- it was strange how we got along so well during that moment. No one was really the type to enjoy life at its fullest. It was dull and simple but in that purple lavander field, it felt good. Lucas got chased by a group of bees while Micheal and I watched from afar, laughing, but not in a mocking way. It was… serene. It’s the best way I can describe it. It’s my fondest memory of them,” Jimmy smiled to himself, his eyes twinkled as he remembered the faces of his beloved brothers, faces soft, young and kind.
The girl finally stood up, brushing a few strands that got in her face and brushed her butt to get rid of whatever dirt and pebbles she could. She assessed the condition of her clothes but apart from a few mild rips here and there- which she could easily stitch up- there was no major damage.
“I don’t have a mother. She… she died a decade ago. The- the car was hers actually. She doesn’t have any taste whatsoever but it was the first car she ever got…” she rambled a little bit before clearing her throat again,” but I do have family. I have a wonderful uncle and aunt. They run a business together, actually. They’re expecting soon too,” she smiled at the thought.
“No, only my dad. He’s the one I care about the most since I never met his friend. I just— I just… forget it,” her grip tightened on the steering wheel as she sighed.
Castiel took a few seconds to think of an answer he could give instead of: I’m an Angel, I don’t need to worry about hygiene and clothes. Especially since he isn’t really an angel anymore and supposed to be undercover.
“Damnit…”
“My dad,” Grace answered, lazily dipping another fry in her mixture,” he hates planes. Never trusted these damn metal birds.”
She had to hold her laughter.
“We were 12 siblings including  me,” Jimmy started.
Once she looked up, she saw the trench coated man- Jimmy- start to walk away from her and back into the streets.
How could Castiel resist that?
“Maybe you should get some one day and try it out.”
“Aw, damn. With all your equipment too?”
“Oh don’t worry about it. I don’t mind you buying a few clothes, plus, from what I can tell you got second hand clothes so it’s not like you bought brand new clothes from some trendy shop,” she smiled and seeing her happy like that made Castiel happy for some inexplicable reason.
"That's poetic," Sam finally spoke after a moment.
Dean realizes now that he had not been on a business trip, but at the casino. The more reflection he casts on to it, he realizes that Mary had probably known that too.
Cas takes the note over to his desk and sits down, staring at it for a very long time. He could read it with little difficulty, but it did take a moment.
The talk is long and the walk is longer, but Castiel is patient and despite Sam asking an abundance of angry questions directed toward John, they make it back to Bobby's place with little difficulty.
"What happened?" Bobby asks again. "Your boyfriend here slept over, John freaked and threw you out?"
"Thank you," Dean says, his voice wavering. The words are heavy, they lay thick in the air. But it's a comfortable weight, like a tight hug after time apart or the feeling of your lungs after you take a deep breath. It's a freeing type of pressure. It lets Bobby know exactly the gratefulness he feels; not just for this instance, but every instance that came before, and every instance that may come after.
As Dean twirls Castiel around, he laces their fingers together and squeezes his hand. He grins at Castiel like he hung the moon--And Castiel grins back.
"No problem, Castiel," Sam smiles politely. "Thanks for saving Dean's ass."
While Sam goes red in the ears, Jess grins with the delight of knowing an embarrassing secret. She turns to him while failing to stifle her giggles. "I most certainly did not know."
Beside Bobby's house was a small windowed structure, on top of which flew brightly coloured flags. Ever since Dean could remember, Bobby was somewhat of a Head Lifeguard. He's been retired from going out in the water for a while, but Dean remembers sitting in the structure, having Bobby explain that his job was to direct other lifeguards on the radio, and that he saw all kinds of dangers from where he sat.
"I'm not eight." Sam places both plates on the table and starts eating his food. "What happened to your hand? Did you get in a fight?"
"Hey, looks like we're going to the same place." Dean nudges his shoulder. "We could just walk there together. I need to get sunblock. You know how it is, with the heat. Or—Maybe you don't, actually, with you wearing that coat all the time."
"It went... good, I think," Dean nods awkwardly. He grins easily up at Cas. "He doesn't hate me. He said he was proud, the freakin' sap."
The worry edging its way around Dean's brain takes over and he pulls back. "Jody, I'm really sorry for not showing up this morning, or at least not calling—"
“Cas,” Dean says lowly. “What did I tell you?”
"I've lived here all my life, trust me, they only say that to attract impressionable people like you who want to spend seven dollars on a mediocre clam chowder bowl."
He slowly takes the note out of his pocket. “While blackout drunk, I believe you... wrote me something.”
Castiel shakes his head. "I was leaving for the grocery store. I haven't eaten yet."
Cas looks down at the scattered books across the library table and nods grimly. “Yes, I can do that.”
He feels himself falling.
"Oh, Jess?" Sam grins. "She's doing good, I think. I might ask her out later this week."
Cas threads a shaking hand through Dean's hair. While Dean can't see his face, he imagines that it's pulled into a frown with his eyes crinkled in a way that is unbelievably sad. It doesn't sit right on his face. "I've got you."
More than anything else though, it was human. The word seems to crop up frequently, and Castiel can’t even complain, especially when Dean is pulling him in greedily for a second kiss, a third one, and he willingly complies.
Bobby shakes his head. "He was calling a helluva lot while you two were gone, but I guess he finally gave up. He stopped calling a few minutes ago."
"You shouldn't feel sorry," Castiel says simply. "You put the weight of the world on your shoulders, Dean. You're allowed to break every once in a while."
"What?" Dean tears his eyes away from Castiel. He downs half of the beer in his hands. "We're not. What do you mean 'a vibe'? I don't have a vibe."
Castiel was supposed to stay for a few months; and then he was gone and back to Illinois with his family. Dean really did try to convince him to stay, but he knew he wouldn't be able to afford living with Cas and also paying for Sam's college.
It felt as though a gazillion judgemental eyes were watching him, observing the way sweat collects on his forehead that didn't come from the sun, witnessing the way he squirms and fights the urge to chew his nails. It felt as though Sam was waiting to speak, to insult and ridicule him about being with a man, sneering and hissing and spitting all over the floor.
-Castiel randomly infodumping on crabs after they spot a bunch of crab corpses and dean being like "they're annoying little fuckers, a crab stole my sandwich one time"
•Stolen Dance, Milky Chance
"You should go for it," Sam says decisively, causing Dean to tear his eyes away to face him. He has such a cryptic look on his face, one that Dean's never seen before and therefore can't place. "You don't know when Castiel is going back to Pontiac. Might as well make the most of it, dude."
"Shit," he coughs. "Fuck."
The truth, really, is that he wouldn't say any of that to his past self, and if Dean were faced with his past self he would most likely punch him in the shoulder and tell him to get his head out of ass because it was okay. Everything would be okay, and he shouldn't be ruining his time by drinking his days away and coming home with bruised knuckles from the fights he gets in all the time. But, time is strange like that, where it drags away with not much changing and then suddenly and all at once you realize that you aren't the same person you were a week ago, a month ago, a year ago, and so forth.
Charlie hums and then keeps walking to the drink table. "He is awfully dreamy. Those eyes have to be one of the World's Seven Wonders."
"What about you then, Dean?" Castiel tilts his head to the side, looking at him curiously. "What's your secret?"
He knocks on the door lightly, holding the note in his hand. “Cas?”
Calm as ever, Castiel replies with a very simple, "Your dad told you what?"
Castiel's sleeping figure fades in and out of his mind. Despite the terror of thinking about what-ifs, the protective shield Dean creates for the people that he loves triumphs. Dean will not let his Dad hurt Castiel. If he can help it, he won't even let John have the pleasure of seeing the angel at all. He doesn't deserve to.
"You know," John starts. "You really ticked me off. You took everything I had. You must really hate me, huh? I've seen how you look at me when I come home. Sam's even worse. My own son wants to ditch home for some chick flick degree, and you? You're sleeping with a man." John pauses. "I'm coming over there, now."
•coney island, Taylor Swift
Sam's face brightens. "Oh? Well, let's invite him over. I doubt you thanked him, right? We could buy him a drink."
Time is moving so fast. He's gotten himself into a headspace where suddenly everything he needs to take care of is a clear list in his mind, and god save him, he's going to make sure everything on the list is crossed off. Number one being making sure that he was away from John. Number two being that Sam will be away from John when he finishes his school errands for the day.
"You should go back," Dean says, keeping his voice leveled. "It sounds like your family needs you."
Dean gives a yawn and pours out coffee into a mug. "Yeah, yeah. I've got it. Do you have your homework?"
Sam licked his lips and sat up a little straighter, and his eyebrows were screwed up in the way that they did when he was getting ready to defend himself. "Because I think I would make a good lawyer. I could protect people, and—"
He must remember bonfires that spark and glow against the sand.
"Bobby..." Dean shakes his head. There's a lump in the back of his throat undoubtedly, but he's not going to cry. Even though his entire chest is swelling with gratitude, he won't dare shed a tear. He's going to take this money and he's going to get Sam to college to make the both of them proud. "There aren't words."
(Dean decides that he would probably tan. Somebody as pretty inside and out as Cas doesn't burn from the sun's light, because the sun, much like every other reasonable ethereal being, isn't out to harm him. The sun would much rather remove the hair from his eyes and gently kiss the skin on his arms to leave sweet loving freckles in its place. Dean also decides, much later in life, that he would very much like to be the sun, especially if it meant he could brighten Castiel's day whenever he pleased.)
When it pieces together, finally, is when time slows. And this is where time slows for Dean, not for the first time and definitely not for the last, where Castiel and him are sitting on the pier, and it's quiet, other than the gentle sounds of tossing waves.
Castiel looks at him with a glint of amusement. "You don't?"
Dean stares at him for a long moment before snorting. He starts the car, letting it thrum back to life. “Sure. Buckle up, sweetheart. Time to hit the road again.”
(When he was a kid, his Mom used to say how much she loved the ocean.)
He blinks, now not sure what to feel at all.
Charlie trails off and stares at him, looking as if she wants to say more, but she doesn't. Instead she gives Dean a nod, which he feels grateful for, and turns to leave.
•NFWMB, Hozier
"They keep the world turning, helping everyone in their path have a better life, when in their brain they only think that they're following their orders," Castiel admits. "I think that's what you're like. You don't realize how much you help other people. You just think you're following orders."
"So, what do you think of California? Dean show you around some more places?" Sam asks him. "It seems like you two hang out all the time."
"So... When did you and Cas get together?
"Right," Dean narrows his eyes. "Either way. You may want to skedaddle off this beach. You going somewhere? Need directions?"
Dean cycles through a list of how he's been acting lately. "Off" would certainly begin to describe it. It was as if he was looking through the world in a new lense since the bonfire on the beach, and while it had only been two days, he certainly did feel strange. It shouldn't matter, it shouldn't affect how he sees anything, and yet now he sees more shades of grey than he sees of the rainbow.
When he was a kid, his Mom used to say how much she loved the ocean. That she loved it so much, she had to move right next to it just so she could tell it that she loved it every day. She told Dean that, you should appreciate what you have, you should never hesitate to say "I love you" to the things that bring you joy. This is known. This is familiar. This is history.
"I know," Dean says. He's pondered the thought many times, usually the morning after John disappears, and most often when he doesn't even leave a note before he goes. "I know."
Excitement.
"—ean? Dude, quit hanging out in outer space."
With that particular definition, Cas could easily relate it to when he lost his grace for the first time, and he had to experience Earth as a human.
"No." Dean shakes his head quickly. Hospitals were too expensive. "You've done enough. Just— Leave me alone," he shakes, his lips blue from the freezing water. There's a phantom pressure of where Castiel's lips have been.
This is where Castiel learns to understand a new human trait; one that has specifically and exclusively Dean Winchester written on it’s packaging.
"Do you just go picking for fights or something?" Sam accuses with exasperation. "Come on, man. Talk to me."
Dean must be waiting for some sort of response, despite no longer wanting to guess what that response will be. Over the past few weeks, he learned it was not worth the energy to assume what any of Cas's reactions would be to Dean's usual shenanigans. Castiel was carefully thought out and naturally good at it, which was contradictory enough. He knew the right thing to say every time, and ten times out of ten, it is never what Dean has planned in his head.
"Castiel." Dean tried the name out on his tongue. It sounded pretentious. It felt like a mouthful. He grits it out anyways, because he's heard weirder and it's none of his business. "What do you mean he was right? I thought you were all pro-homo rights."
Charlie grabs him by the wrist and pulls him out of the alleyway. "Your hands are so messed up, dude. You good?"
Dean gasps, and it sounds akin to someone gasping through a choke hold. This is what causes Cas to finally move, teleporting into the passenger seat to see the cause of such great concern.
And suddenly Dean has resorted to the old-fashioned techniques of holding jackets. He shows Castiel down to the games, and they both play skeeball, much to Castiel's extreme joy. It really is adorable, how his eyes lit up and how his smiles were full of such timid excitement, as if he were truly happy and didn't know how to quite articulate it.
A whimper.
June 20th, 1986
Dean watches with a faint disgust as Jess feeds ketchup fries into Sam's mouth, and drags his eyes back to Castiel again. "Yeah, that's cool."
Sam doesn't know about the split paychecks. He doesn't know about the jar. He doesn't know about the real reason Dean took that job.
"Yeah," Dean says under his breath. "Some tourist."
Dean gives a weak smile and pats him on the shoulder. "Yeah. You're right."
"Righteous?" Dean repeats, turning his head at an angle. A smirk curls up into his lip. "Gee, you really know how to make a guy blush, Cas."
"We're not going there."
"You seem off," Sam shrugs. "I just wanted to know if you were okay, Dean."
But nothing happens.
The waves crash.
And as he sleeps, he swears that he sees those eyes in his dreams, staring at him, begging him to speak.
Dean already feels the need to shower from sweating in the heat all day. He yawns, stretching his arms up as he does so, and then returns to the employee room that sits in the parking lot. He hears Jody call out a positive affirmation for his work for the day.
"Well," Castiel starts, looking down and smiling wider. "Did you know that bees have two stomachs? One of them is for storing nectar, or water, and the other is for eating."
“Touché,” Jimmy chuckled.
Castiel froze for a second, pondering almost as if he had forgotten his own name, but of course he didn’t. Angels don’t forget. His eyes glanced over at the girl, who was still sitting on the ground, though she seemed a lot more relaxed now in his presence.
“So, he’s not dead,” Jimmy concluded.
“I didn’t have much on me to begin with,” Castiel started,” I’ve been meaning to restock on my supplies but with no money it’s a little hard.
“I’m sorry about your mother,” replied Jimmy,” but there’s one thing that still confused me: why go on this journey alone? Why not ask your other family members for help?
“Hummus? I never tried it,” she confessed.
“And out of all of them, which one is your favorite?” She asked curiously.
“Yes, that’s where his last known location was. I’ve been looking for him for a week now,” she finishes her burger.
He turned to his face to see her.
“You know, you’re a lot less stuck up than I thought you were,” she smiled, turning on the engine of the car, the roar of the engine echoing in the rather empty parking lot,” For an old guy.”
There was a pause as Grace looked away for a moment to her left then to her right before facing the trench coat wearing man and replied,” I don’t know.”
If he’s human, or at least turning into one, there’s no way he would be able to help Grace find her father. He had hoped to assist her in protecting her from harm, but with his fluctuating phases of shifting from human to angel, it could be dangerous for both him and her since he’s now mortal and isn’t in control of his body. He definitely doesn’t want what happened last night in his room to happen again in the middle of a fight.
“To be honest, I’m not sure. The only info I have is that one time I found my dad drunk on the floor mumbling how ‘he was taken away from me’. Either it was death or some kidnapper of some sort- I don’t know,” frustration started bubbling up in her blood.
They got back just after Jack’s bedtime. Claire said he’d agreed to at least wait for them in bed but was pretty tired so he might be asleep. So after biding the girls a goodbye with plenty of leftovers and tight hugs they headed up to Jacks’s room.
They all nodded, sure they had complex relationships with all of those but ultimately they deserved a second chance. And Dean would never admit it but sometimes he missed Crowley, so did Sam. Speaking of Sam he missed Gabriel too because for some reason after everything Sam liked him not just as a decent guy, sometimes but also and he will never bring this up but he also had a crush on the angel a while ago.
Dean almost collapses in joy, “Ho- How?!” Sam and Jack are right behind him in the question and the joy.
“Jack when you blew up you woke up a lot in the empty. It hasn’t had a moment of rest since, trying to keep itself from tearing. I agreed to put most to sleep if it allowed me to take Castiel and a few others.”
Dean laughed, “Yeah are you gonna tell us? I bet it’s a girl we need a baby girl in the Winchester line.” Eileen shook her head and Sam shoved him so hard he almost fell.
“Mom you and Cas take care of the kid and I’’ll get Sam patched up, text if it ends up being moe than just that other kid and you need backup.”
“What do you need to know that we haven’t already told the police?”
“You’re what?!”
“Oh shut it, Dean. You can’t mock me for liking someone when you and Cas have been in love for ages! Honestly either you two are the dumbest people on the planet or have been together in secret. Which I wouldn’t put that past you Dean, you fucking closet case!” He shut his mouth physically again before smiling and leaving with a yell, “Gonna call Rowena!
That might’ve done it. “He’s not your son, he’s mine. I’ve taken care of him when he’s sick, I’ve done unspeakable things to feed him to keep him alive, I took him to school, I went to his school events. All of it, me. He is a better man than I could ever have hoped him to be and he is trying his best to connect with you, to give you some slack. Way more than I would’ve so don’t you dare drag him into this.”
Cas stayed silent knowing  he wasn’t done. “And angry because I am such an idiot. And because I don’t know how to love you and I don’t think I ever will but I promise to try if you let me. Because I hate chick flick moments but I’ll let this one slide because I’m so in love with you I’m surprised it hasn’t killed me, almost did a few times. You had almost every movie and book dumped in your head but watch and read with me and for me. Because you like nature and bees way more then any person should. Because majority of the time I think you’re more human than me. Because you love with your whole heart and always do what you think is right. You make me want to be the Man you see me as. Cas, you said the one thing you wanted was the one thing you couldn’t have. You’ve always had me. You have changed me in ways I can’t even describe. You have saved me and hurt me so many times. And I am ok with all of it the good, the bad, and I always will be. Because Cas, I love you too. And I will be yours as long as you let me.”
“That’s not who I am.” It was a lie, that’s absolutely who Dean was, at least to himself. But Dean was doing his best to be the man Cas thought he was. Even if Cas was wrong, even though he’s gone, he just wants to be the man Cas supposedly fell in love with. He doesn’t get it, doesn’t think he ever will.
“Don’t.” Dean closed the small distance that was between them and it was there that it sunk in, he could have this.
The boys nodded not really knowing what to say and honestly still in shock. Jack however grinned, “No problem! And I don’t really want to be god anyway, kinda just want to be a kid.” Both Sam and Dean smiled at that.
At that exact moment, Jack comes barreling down the stairs yelling “DAD DAD DAD DAD.” He jumps and Dean has to lean down to catch him in time, he is getting old if the way his back feels at heaving Jack up means anything.
"How's babysitting going?" Dean asks smugly as ever.
15 minutes later everyone is at baby except Mary. It’s tense and then Mary enters her bag ready. As she’s walking up Sam being forever awkward and considerate offers Cas the front seat, “You can sit passenger.”
Once they were finally at the bunker Dean was determined, he would man up and tell Cas he loved him. He would cross the line that has blurred more and more over the years between them. They were essentially married anyway, right? At least that is what everyone else said.
“No, it’s more than that. Come on what’s the problem I won’t let you cold-shoulder me.”
“Why Dean? Why can’t I bring Sam, my SON into this?”
And it’s here that it truly sunk in that Dean will never know what Cas taste like. What sounds Cas makes when he’s being made love to. Never know what it’s like to wake up beside Cas. Never know what’s like to hug him from behind or kiss his cheek or sit in his lap. Never get to go on dates, or get married. Never get to buy a house when Sam inevitably turns the bunker into a hunter home base with Eileen. Never get to watch him garden, or do that head tilt, not understand a reference again. Never get to kiss him stupid because he makes Dean so happy by doing the smallest things.
“Well I think I’m fine and that is really the only opinion I need.” Dean was really prone to anger alright? So maybe he’s frustrated and wants to be alone. He hates being sick more than anything. It was a vulnerability you couldn’t avoid.
“Andy Brown.”
This, however, was different it was still sarcastic but it seemed more fake than anything. Dean looked over at Cas who was smiling as he hung up since he was holding the phone. Dean couldn't help but see everything Cas is to him. His best friend, the love of his life, his rock, his damm co-parent if this latest conversation proved anything. Dean lived for his family because he felt it was his job to take care of them, especially Sam. Cas was no different, except he was, he lived just so he could be with Cas in any way the angel would let him.
“Dean I just don’t think you should be up and about right now.” Mary was back from one of her many hunts as that was really all she could find solace in doing in this time, this world. But she did know some things outside of hunting, not a lot but enough to know Dean should be in bed. He should be watching tv and eating chicken soup still.
Mary looked at Dean slightly impressed, she could tell he had an accent but seemed to be doing well. The daughter looked to her mother and nodded. They were allowed in and escorted to the living room.
“Oh don’t bring Sam into this! This started with you and me and it ends that way, don’t you dare that any of the problems going on here are due to Sam,”
“Jack come sit before your eggs get cold.” Cas said sternly while sipping his coffee.
“I know. Do you need anything?”
Everything was pretty standard until the thirst vic, Emma’s mom. A 20 something-year-old opened the door, “Yo lo tengo mami!”
“Thank you, Sam.” He smiled at him and climbed in. They all piled in and started the whopping 15-hour drive. Dean turned the music all the way up for the first few hours. Not really feeling like talking or rather not really being able to he tapped Cas’s thigh. His hand may or may not have already been there but that’s beside the point. Cas got the point, “Sam do you mind sharing the case details again so that Dean and Mary may be aware of what we are after?”
Dean wandered into Cas’s room at some point it wasn’t too decorated, kinda like Sam’s. But there was a bee figure on the desk and a few books. Dean almost walked out when he saw Cas still had the copy of Slaughter house 5 Dean gave him when Cas was making his way through the books per Dean’s request. There was almost no clothes in the closet. There were two pictures on the dresser one of Sam, Dean and Jack, and another of Cas and Claire.
“What is that supposed to mean?”
“It means I’m fine.” He said curtly.
"Because I am so tired of pretending like I'm not in love with you when everyone knows that you're it for me. I'm tired of losing you and every time regretting I didn't take the chance for whatever reason and then getting you back and not doing anything about it."
It almost happened with a truth spell. It was a classic witch hunt (so really just Dean complaining about witches). And Cas being almost entirely human now since his grace for some reason has been slowly fading has been more vulnerable than usual. But it was Sam’s turn to be self-sacrificing and vaguely suicidal this hunt.
In the end, she was right. Cassie always was. She had a knack for those sorts of things—telling people like it was and daring for them to argue.
Dean grins. "Hell yeah. There's this place my mom used to work at, every once in a while she'd take me to get lunch while she was on her shift. They definitely had the best chowder."
Meanwhile, Dean and Castiel's lunch together was nothing less than perfect.
Dean can't take his eyes off him. He can't, because he knows if he does, it'll be the last time.
"An Eli Styne?" Dean asks, his stomach dropping. Eli was just a kid. He may have made some real shitty mistakes, but it wasn't his fault just as much as it wasn't Dean's fault for being so angry. (There was blood splattered on the ground from where Eli had spit through his sobs. Fucking monster, Dean thinks of himself, and Eli was just a kid. His knuckles may have bruised harder than ever that night.)
Silence.
•Waves, Calpurnia
Then, the night was over, because the sun rose and he passed out with sand in his hair with his shoes tossed across the beach. The bonfire had burnt out over the night's end, leaving nothing but a pile of blackened and charcoaled logs.
"Why?"
"Yes," Castiel nods, sounding fond. He has a small smile on his lips. "I've noticed that particular detail about him."
The first three were given to him as a newborn baby, just as he was given to Mary for the first time. She had looked at him, covered in amniotic fluid and blood as he screamed and cried, and she melted, holding him close to her chest and sobbing with happiness.
Dean watches him walk up to the entrance door, and halfway up the driveway he speaks up again on some silly impulse in the back of his head. "Hey, Cas?"
"You know how people like either mustard, or ketchup? It's, uh... Preference? To pick what goes on your burger?" Dean attempts.
And just like the way an angel would fall from the sky, Castiel feels himself falling all over again. But happier this time.
(With permission, of course. There was something very uniquely sincere about asking for something and getting a yes. Dean isn't the only one who wants this. This was the epitome of a selfish generosity, and though that made no sense on paper, it worked just fine in practice.)
Dean sighs. He winces a little, swallowing the gut feeling that this conversation is about to crash and burn. "Do you know, like, burgers?"
The truth is that Dean hasn't fully figured him out, not really. Not nearly as much as Castiel had figured out about him. It's as if with one look at Dean and he had seen directly through his soul and knew everything about him. But Dean has never been very good at reading emotions. He instead reads in the multiple colours of intensity, which Castiel doesn't have many of.
Castiel gives a shrug, not looking particularly angry or upset. His narrows his eyes as his gaze wanders to Sam’s hand. “Why do you have that?”
When they walk their separate ways, Dean doesn't look back—at Eli or at Charlie.
Castiel shrugs. "They didn't really care. There had been an argument at the dinner table about what female actress my brothers would rather marry. Gabriel had asked me which one I would rather, and I had replied very bluntly, 'Harrison Ford.' And that was the end of it."
The door cracks open, and Bobby raises his eyebrows. "Dean. I'm surprised to see you at the asscrack of dawn. Something happen? John alright?"
"Y'know, you're starting to get a tan," Dean says with a smug grin, which was only semi-related but was entertaining enough for him to bring up. "I bet all the guys will hit on you now."
•It's You, The Buffalo Bills
The punch that is thrown knocks Dean back, and he crashes into the first aid stand behind him. The hit was incredibly unfortunate, and he can already hear his ears ringing due to the fact that his head was slammed against the wood.
Dean forcibly shuts the voice off and pounds his fist on Bobby's door with a shaking hand. He can't quite breathe properly yet, and if he focuses enough he can feel Castiel's concerned stare on the back of his neck.
The papers range from half written Enochian characters to very childish and scribbled doodles of Castiel, Castiel’s eyes—Salad—?
He actually said those words. Those three little words were finally spoken out loud and directed to the green eyed freckled man; before he was taken by the Empty.
“You know, brothers, sisters, lovers?” She glanced back at him at the last statement.
“I tried calling him a few times,” Grace spoke after a long silence. She looked at Jimmy,” My dad’s best friend, I mean.”
There were two men and a woman. They were clearly adults and they were all bloody and appeared hungry. Starved even. They were all fighting this much younger, petite girl. She too, was bloody, but not all of it was her blood, but she looked exhausted. The three adults growled and hissed at her as she was slowly winning the battle. They were vampires. He saw their teeth, their sharp ragged teeth protruding in front of their normal theeth.
~~~~~~~~~~
“Tell me, do you have other family members other than your father? A mother? Brother or sister you can contact and ask for help? Why attempt this journey on your own when you know you needed help?” There were quite a few questions in that one question. The young girl didn’t seem to want to answer them judging by her silence. Of course if she doesn’t want to talk about her family, then he wasn’t going to pry; although he was curious.
“I thought you said he was gone.”
“There were my brothers Gabriel, Balthazar, Micheal and Lu… cas- my brother Lucas and my sister Anna,” saying their names out loud made him realize how much he missed them dearly.
He can hear it roaring towards him and he reaches his hand out to try and get their attention, a small glimmer of hope in his eyes as it comes closer.
“I suggest you put your seatbelt on, I’ve been told a few times that I’m pretty reckless when I drive,” she gave a shy, almost embarrassed smile.
Castiel stood to reach the corpse where the angel blade was buried in his chest. He pulled it out and it made a squelching noise that made both of them cringe slightly; but the young girl had her curious eyes transfixed on his demeanor.
“Well, let me buy you dinner first! Please? As a thank you?” She asked as she extended her arms in front of him, rendering him unable to move forward anymore.
The back of Dean's neck starts to flare with an undeniable warning of danger, the same kind of flare when John came home with a red face and a pack of empty bottles. The same kind of flare that yells to run away, or defend himself. A flicker starts in his chest.
"My mom always loved the ocean," he says, looking out at the salt sea bubbling and twisting into each and every wave. The last of the sun settles over it, gleaming onto the metal bars of the Ferris Wheel. "She used to tell me that if I ever loved something as much as that, I should say it whenever I could."
What he can control is being angry at Cas, because never has Castiel deserved this forest fire rage, and today is not the day to start giving it to him. He will not be angry at Cas. He stands up to leave.
He leaves Bobby to finish his beer, and heads down to the beach with the feeling of getting one step closer to success. After quickly getting changed in the locker room, he steps out onto the sand and immediately recognizes one of the men there.
He's walking down the street now, and his stomach is twisting and turning and he can feel acid in the back of his throat. This is how it was always supposed to end, right? From the moment he set his eyes on Cas, the timer started ticking. He was never supposed to stay.
"Jerk."
He pondered this for another silent hour, until there was disruption of a different sort coming from the front of the car.
"They're going to run a toxicology report, but witnesses said his car was swerving. They're thinking he was drunk," Bobby says formally, as if he wasn't thinking what Dean already is. "He's gone."
"...My father has gone missing," Castiel states, painstakingly in pace. Dean doesn't say anything. "Gabriel said that he angrily stormed out the other day, and hasn't been seen since. Everyone is panicking about what to do, and Gabriel said that he needed help over there."
"Well, you do have a weirdass name," Dean says bluntly. He regrets it when Castiel frowns. "I mean, it's cool, it's just—Uh. It's different. It's biblical, right?"
"Just?"
Out of any possible thing to remember about her, Dean remembered for one that Mary always spoke with love. She spoke as if every meeting had a final goodbye; and that she was savouring the seconds between each moment with tightly knit fingers around the clock's ticking.
"Dean," Castiel's expression melts into a soft smile. There definitely is a blush on his cheeks, which sparks the flame even more.
"Illinois," Castiel replies shortly. "Pontiac, to be more specific.
"Two? Where's Dad this time?" Sam scoffs. "The bar?"
Dean glances at the man in question and realizes quietly that, maybe Dean isn't the only Icarus. Maybe the both of them are; just two souls learning to be hopeful again, and yearning towards the smallest sliver of light they can find. <
"It's tomorrow, actually. I'll pay for your tickets," Dean smiles back. He thinks that it's the first genuine smile he's had today. "Figured it's the least I can do, since you're paying for your pricey tourist hotel."
The nausea that overcame him in that moment, the guilt and sickness that was brought from being looked at by his little brother as if he was Dad himself— it halted all thoughts of drinking until Dean turned twenty. That's when it got bad, because Sam was old enough to take care of himself and Dean was in the very heat of learning to use the angry fire in his lungs to be just as bad as his...
Castiel gently tugs on his hand. "We can wait as long as you'd like to tell him, even if that time is not at all. But I know that it's important to you for Sam to know, so when you tell him--I'll be there for you, Dean."
The need to see those blue eyes battled peacefully the sharp words of a man that wasn't even home, and Dean was starting to think that Castiel was winning the war. The worst part was that he wasn't even mad. Cas was a gentle friend, he had no doubt he was an even gentler lover.
He turns around and goes.
The problem with Dean Winchester and drinking was never new. He very obviously adopted the habit from his father, which he has no problem blaming. He had his first drink at fourteen, and John had given it to him in an old brandy glass.
He must remember kisses that taste sweet of soft sodas. Strawberry milkshakes and coffee shops.
This was apparently the wrong answer. Cassie had given a half smirk and shrugged. She told him that it did exist, and that she hoped he found it someday. Dean wasn't expecting this to be a breakup, but Cassie told him that she wanted more, that she wanted to be monogamous and holy, and that she knew Dean wasn't ready for it.
Dean could've lied, of course, easily. He could've told her that she was different than most girls he dated—which was true, but not the point he would be going for in this scenario— but Dean knew that she would tell if he lied. So he told her no, that he didn't think so, that he wondered sometimes if love even existed at all.
Dean sweeps up the pamphlets from the table and drags the metal trash can over with his foot. The stack of papers makes a satisfying thud as it hits the bottom of the bin.
Then there was the fact that the note itself had been found behind a trash can and aggressively crumpled up, which spoke for itself on what emotion was most likely felt whenever this was written.
Castiel slowly looks over at him, confusion in his eyes. "What's the relevance of this, Dean?"
“Sleep well, Dean,” Cas adds sincerely, watching Dean wall out of the library and down the hall.
"Yes."
Castiel takes a seat across from him on the floor. "Right. Sorry."
While these wet hands tremble, Dean feels the overwhelming urge to punch something. To destroy with these hands, to tear something to pieces, to make his knuckles bleed and bruise by breaking a wall. A guttural noise of distress escapes his lips between the painful gasps, and just as he's about to do something he'll really regret, like kicking something so hard he accidentally breaks his leg. Then he'd have to worry about hospital bills. He doesn't feel human.
Nothing Gold Can Stay, Robert Frost
Dean looks down helplessly at the jar in his hands, and he puts it back down on the desk with the remainder of his strength and force. It makes a loud noise, but it doesn't smash.
Dean nods and then shakes his head, huffing a laugh under his breath. "Yeah, I'm fine. Do you want me to hold your coat?"
Dean goes still. Quiet because he holds his tongue. He shouldn't say a word unless he thinks out every outcome of what he'll say, but his mind has shut down with not even enough grace to provide an error screen or instructions to restart.
When Dean usually thinks of himself, it's of the blood he has shed from fights that sits in a thick cape over his nightmares, or the fire that festers in the pit of his stomach, grown from the smoldering of heartbreak and injustice he's been dealt since he was just a baby. He thinks of ugliness, an angry gnarled mess of tight joints and clenched bloody teeth that not even a mother could love, nor a father, for that matter. He thinks of incessant whispers that kick him to the ground, asking him loudly if he truly believes he deserves to be treated like a human when he's so clearly a monster, and in contradictory, if he believes that Cas actually cares or if he's just faking.
Sam didn't see it this way. He frowned deeply as he pulled one plate out of the microwave and then put another in, still looking at Dean as he did so. "Seriously? Why are you defending him?"
This was a good idea; he had been driving with no breaks for over twenty four hours. With this particular detail, as paired with previous evidence, Castiel is starting to think that Dean liked to drive when under a great amount of stress.
"Why not, huh? You got everything you could possibly ask for in Pontiac. Here, all you have is a cheap hotel room and what, me?" Dean scoffs. "I don't want you to go either, but Cas, I nearly got you killed today. Whatever you think I've got, I'm not worth it."
"I need help paying for Sam's college."
Castiel wakes up later that evening to green eyes blinking up at him. Those eyes; greener than the foam of an ocean or the moss on a tree, and yet more naturally beautiful than both of the two examples combined.
Castiel is another, beside him on the sand with his knees tucked into his chest. Dean watches him shiver and rub his arms with his hands. His eyes were focused on the sky, watching the swirls of rainbow burst and flicker in the dark of the night. The beautiful partner he never expected to meet.
Dean is Icarus and Castiel is the joy of flight; the heat of the sun against his skin. Dean needs to feel the warmth of his heart, even if his wax-feathered wings melt just as he does when Cas smiles at him. He will surely drown; one of these days, and Castiel may not be there to save him then, as he did before.
Castiel pulls out his wallet and leaves a five dollar bill on the table as Dean stands up. Together they walk out of the diner. Dean makes a mental note of how strange he thinks it is that time seems to shift quicker during the peaceful quiet that occurs after the darkest and most threatening storms.
He clutched the note a little tighter in his hands, smiling up at the ceiling, knowing true contentment. He doesn’t know if he could do much more than that.
Castiel gives him the recognizable expression of being caught, and he's immediately flustered about it. His cheeks go red again, and Dean is starting to think that the guy must have a medical condition or something, because he really does get embarrassed often.
Sam sighs deeply, watching him shoulder the doorway as he stumbles out of the library. He shakes his head and takes the grocery bags into the kitchen to put them away.
"Trainee," Jody corrects next to him. She's looking between the two of them with the barely contained amusement of somebody who thinks their interactions are ridiculous.
“I’m sorry.” That is what Castiel says to him, his deep voice carrying such genuineness and love in a way that seemed too soft for the hardness of his features. “I’m sorry I could not protect you then.”
"I'm just saying," Dean continues speaking, because he's already dug himself into a hole. He can feel the tips of his ears go red with embarrassment. "You're a pretty good looking guy. If I was a girl, I'd hit that."
(It seemed like that since the two met. They never drifted too far apart, because like the kelp will wrap around each other by help of the current, they're bound to be together even after life's slow rhythm pulls them away.)
Dean looks up from his coffee. "Huh?"
Castiel gently leads Dean into the kitchen with one hand on his back. Dean doesn't lean into the touch and turns around. "Guys, it's not that bad. We've got bigger problems. Cas, are you okay?"
Dean's stomach lurches. He doesn't move, going completely still and staring at Cas until he hangs up. The phone hits the receiver with the clunking sound of plastic against plastic, and Dean remains silent until he can't anymore.
"Dean, huh?" John scoffed and shook his head bitterly. "And how do you think he feels about you leaving? You ever tell him? Dean, what do you think about your little baby brother Samuel here leaving for college?"
"Dean," Sam warns strictly.
"I'm terrified," he admits. His organs feel like they tighten in their skeletal cage, and Dean feels so much visceral discomfort. "You already know that my dad isn't a big fan of gay people. And I know, somewhere inside of me, that Sam will be cool about it. He won't care, I know that, I'm just--"
Maybe it was. Maybe at the start of creation, Cas was already planned, like a flower in a garden getting ready for the springtime. He just had to be patient until he was around, and now that he finally was here, the sun needed to shine on him to make up for lost time. Cas was just a flower soaking up the sun, living and breathing nature like he was meant to do.
“It—“ Castiel frowns at him, tilting his head to the left. “Do you really not remember?”
"About what, Dean?"
But Castiel has grown a lot since the days where he followed his feathered colleagues. He’s made mistakes, he’s learned many things from many sides, and he knows now that Dean has everything to offer, because Dean is his everything.
"How's that girl you met?"
Then Dean understands. If the ocean reminded him of everything he had lost, it in turn reminded him of everything that once was. Memories like this; broken whispers, lost voices mixed with the salt of the sea; they were too important to lose.
He shakes his head and stands up as the ambulance parks on the street just outside the sand. And he feels good, proud of himself for saving somebody. He feels like a hero, with good feeling pumping through his veins and a smile working its way onto his face.
Castiel knew all there was to know about John Winchester, but to think he could cause such alarm and disquietude in what is supposed to be fulfilling rest for his partner makes his blood boil to a dangerous heat.
But grief comes later. Now, Dean is trying to catalogue every imperfection on Castiel's sleeping face. The blemishes, the worry lines in his forehead that relax when he isn't awake. He smiles softly at the curve of the cupid bow in Castiel's lip. The peppered stubble on his cheeks. The arch of his nose.
With John's words on his mind already, he can't help but think about the many times that the angry bitter man yelled about how the real heroes were the ones who fought. He had said that the real heroes were the ones who wore uniforms, and that they carried a gun and followed orders, no matter how dangerous or deadly to them or others around them. He had also said, on one particularly memorable occasion, that one could only feel like a hero after they had been killed in righteous blood.
"Dean?" Castiel's sleepy voice asks from behind him.
"It isn't the worst," Castiel says, which isn't a straight answer but the best one that Dean suspects he'll get. "I wasn't aware I needed a nickname."
Eli smirks. "I think he needs to be taught a lesson, Dad. I think John Winchester has been gone a little too long. He's losing his touch, forgetting valuable lessons and all that."
Dean nods slowly. "Yeah. What the hell are you so smiley about?"
"I'm tired," Dean states plainly, taking a seat at the table and glancing down at the papers Sam was looking at. He realizes with a sinking stone that they're all college pamphlets, and none of them are to Stanford.
Dean finishes his coffee. "I'm fine, Sam. Stop worrying so much, okay? I'm older than you are, bitch. I can take care of myself."
His brother, the reason why he's taking this job to begin with. He was going to change the world someday; Dean could tell. Sam has always had these bright eyes, this drive in him to change the world. He told them, them being John and Dean, that he wanted to be a lawyer just last year, and while it was a disaster of a conversation, Dean had been secretly saving pennies ever since.
"Calm down! Geez, Dean. It's just rumours."
Castiel gives an amused expression and then follows Dean out of the diner. Together, they walk down the street with the lampposts illuminating the way.
"Ice-cream it is," Sam says, wrapping an arm over her shoulders and holding her hand. He starts walking over to the stall, leaving Dean and Cas to trail behind them.
Charlie looks at him with the perfect picture of pity and understanding. "We've all been there, man."
Sam nods and sits down at the table. "Are you going to tell Dad?"
Dean slowly grins and then puts his hand on Castiel's shoulder. "Come on, I'll show you around while Sam and Jess go do cheesy lovebird date things."
"And are you happy, Cas?"
"I don't remember," Dean says honestly.
(John came home with a bundled baby in one arm and a bottle in the other. Dean was four.
Go over and edit fight scenes
"Good."
"I'm keeping the peace," Dean explains shortly. "That's all, sir. I don't know what he told you, but—"
Perhaps it was the unfamiliar room, or the idea that his dad could be anywhere, planning anything to get to him right now. Maybe it was the impounding ticking in his head, with the day marker moving from 5 to a 4, or the neon red of the alarm clock beside the bed telling him when morning will arrive, telling him when to make his decision.
Dean settles into the atmosphere easily, grabbing one of the bottles of beer and sitting down on a log. The bottle of sunscreen lay forgotten beside him. He looks over at Castiel. "Why don't you flirt with some people or something? Go have fun."
"I think you're cute when you blush," Jess smiles brightly. She leans up and kisses his cheek.
"Probably in a week or something. It's soon. I don't know."
Dean shrugs, still grinning.
At this, Dean sighs heavily. "I'll call him later, okay? I have to clean up the broken glass in my room anyways."
"Good lord," Sam finally says, sitting down at the table. The emotion hadn't quite left his voice yet, but he's going along with the change, and Dean is grateful for it. "Your day has been... shitty, I'm—I'm really sorry, Dean. Do you know when he's leaving?"
I love you.
"And what do you want for that, a medal?" Dean shakes, not tearing his eyes away from John's.
"Why?" Sam asks in an emotional awe. "Why have you been doing all this?"
Dean sighs inwardly and fights a smile as he gets up to follow her. When they're far enough away from Castiel, Charlie nudges him in the ribs. "You sly dog! You started dating him and you didn't tell me!"
If things do turn out alright, and John gets his kicks and punches in and moves on, crawling back to Vegas for new bills a day later, then the original plan will resume as follows. Cas leaves alone in the next few days. Sam uses the money Dean saved to go to Stanford. Dean continues to work as a lifeguard, maybe. Dean continues to live dreadfully alone, waiting for John to come back the next time. Things go on.
"Where's Mom?" Dean had quivered.
"Hey, Mom," Dean starts. The words feel rusty and awkward on his tongue. "It's been a while."
He's sitting in wet sand, gently drawing circles in it with his finger and watching them get washed away by the tide. Castiel is sitting beside him, drawing the same circles but on his back. He's not sure when they ended up sitting together, when Dean got back from Eli's porch, or what he did between. Bobby's house is just behind them. They breathe together. And as he watches grey waves crash over one another, leaning into Castiel's touch, he can't stop imagining how it must have happened.
"And what did that entail?" Dean raises an eyebrow.
The vehement fondness that he carries whenever Dean does very ordinary human things is another prime exemplar. Castiel knows full well that both Sam and Dean do silly things that are so very mortal, but Dean manages to do them in a way that can’t help but make Castiel grin with such devotion and warmth.
Dean would mention it almost every day after that, saying that he found his person whenever he brought home a new friend from preschool that made him smile. Mary would entertain it, grinning widely and serving them both pre-packaged chocolate chip cookies and letting them play on the sand; and even John had played around with this childish idea for a while.
Dean awkwardly shuffles on his feet. "Ah. I've never met one of you before."
Dean paused, and like a train wreck, he couldn't look away. His gaze had travelled to John now, and it was clear that the man's blood was beginning to boil. He put his slice of pizza back down on the paper plate, and he remembered thinking how fast it would take to step between the two of them, just in case. Just in case John didn't miss this time. Just in case Sammy didn't defend himself. Just in case John drank a little more than he admitted.
Sam looks at him with practiced patience. Steady silence. "Who?"
this entire fic was completely inspired by a few big brain ideas with friends and one song in particular called Beach Baby by Bon Iver. as I was working on this I created a hearty playlist that encapsulates the vibes of the story, so if you wanna give it a listen to, here you go:-)
"What the hell happened?" Sam asks with a worried frown.
"No," Dean grits. "And don't go looking for him. That's not what I came to talk to you about."
The lady giggles something fierce, tucking a strand of bleached blonde hair behind her ear. "Are you a new lifeguard here?"
Yes, this was it. Castiel felt so human, but it was in the most lovely and extraordinary way that he had to grin widely just so his joy wouldn’t seep through the scars on his heart and create sunbeams that would surely be seen from space.
"—Well. This is Cas," Dean says, a stupid grin fighting its way on his face. "This is my guy."
Castiel only tilts his head to the side.
Dean’s chest tightens and he freezes up, staring down at the writing as his brain tries to frantically process a multitude of different thoughts. He can feel the buzz of whatever he drank before wear off, leaving him alone with the stressful rapidness of his heartbeat.
Dean is thinking faster though, because he's sober, and catches John's clumsy wrist and shoves him back with all of his strength. He doesn't think, in this standstill of a moment, that he would imagine himself doing this in any other time.
“ I’m fine I think, I’m pretty sure the spell wasn’t too harmful as I would’ve clocked it. I'm getting pretty good at this witch stuff ya know? It feels really good to have power that can be used for good and isn’t something evil that’s been plaguing me since I was a kid.”
They had dinner with Sam and a pregnant Eileen. She was six months to the date and they celebrated, Cas and Sam got a little tipsy. Eileen and Dean made endless fun of them After dinner they walked around talking and joking, it was great. Dean even got to feel the kid when he put a hand on Eileen’s stomach. He remembered his mom letting him do that when she was pregnant with Sam, he’s surprised he can remember that.
Jack shook his head and crossed his arms plus a pout, oh he was not budging. “Bee facts please.” Oh but ever so polite. Dean chuckled and looked to Cas who’d gotten into the habit of telling Jack Bee facts so he would eat.
“I’m here as often as I can be without feeling like I’m going insane.”
“You know Spanish?” Mary asked curiously.
“I’ve already answered all the polices questions.” An older woman appearing to be in her early 50s walked to the door.
They went on their separate ways and Dean thoroughly enjoyed the car ride home in his baby with Cas. It was calm and they hummed along to the radio and held hands. It was incredibly cheesy but they both loved it.
They were at the motel, Sam was checking in and Cas was across the street getting them some food at the 24/7 diner. “Dean,” Mary says in a surprisingly soft tone.
Sam dove in front of a spell intended for Cas. He wasn’t sure what the spell was as his adrenaline was too high for him to process the words that definitely sound familiar and not just because they were in Latin.
Dean’s just about had enough of this. ‘Let someone take care of you’ oh bullshit. He doesn’t need to be taken care especially when it’s a measly cold. That coming from her too? Oh, that’s just rich. “I don’t need to be taken care of, especially not by you.”
It’s two weeks, two long weeks where Dean finds himself at the bottom of a bottle every night that Amara comes. “I owe you, I owe all three of you so I’ve worked hard and have managed to strike a deal with the empty to get Castiel back.”
“Mam is this the former residence of Emma Díaz we are FBI,” Mary said holding up her fake badge.
She nodded and translated to her mother, “Your Spanish is pretty decent. Also the name is Andy Brown”
It wasn’t that hard to get the kid out of class with their badges. The kid clocked them almsot right away  and went straight for Sam jumping him and pulling nife from out of seemingly nowhere and got a good slice at Sam’s arm before Dean could get him off. Cas took the kid from Dean and restrained him, taking him outside under the excuse of an arrest. Mary got to Sam first but Sam instinctivly reached for Dean and Dean pulled him up. And Sam gave Mary a smile before heading to baby.
“Crap that’s why it sounded so familiar it was a damm truth spell. I’ve gotta call Rowena since I don’t know the exact reversal for this version, shouldn’t be too different though. Speaking of call I should really call Eileen but we talked two days ago and I don’t want to seem desperate. I really like her. I honestly think I’m falling in love with her-“ Sam slapped his hand over his mouth.
“Ya wanna know what’s on my mind? How you haven’t stayed here for more than two days in months and now all of a sudden you’re worried? You wanna take care of me? No.”
Jack put on the puppy eyes that rivaled Sam’s, “Pleeeease.”
“No sabemos lo más estamos a” he looked to the daughter, “how do you say covering all our bases? Oh and can you ask her the name of the friend?”
"It's not babysitting." Both Jack and Claire answer.
They all headed back to the bunker, had a few celebratory beers. While having said beers Jack informed his fathers that he was completely human now, giving all his power to Amara. Also yes he would not die, he’s fine.
“Dean-“ Cas began and quickly was cut off.
“Uh no but I’m guessing it’s a relatively small number that or it’s a new and growing nest. Dean, we are gonna be south enough that a good number only know Spanish so you might have to break that out.”
“Great where is it?” Dean jumped at the chance to get away from this.
“Sam be at baby in 30, you can tell us the details on the way.” He turns to Mary before he goes, “You’ve been here for a day and a half so you’re welcome to join.” At that he left, Cas following.
“You’re planning to keep the sex a secret till they are born still?” Despite Cas being a firm believer it didn’t matter he was still curious.
Dean thinks of the thing they knew was there but never really talked about. The thing they constantly doubted. The thing they never let happen in fear of hurt. The thing they didn’t think they deserved. The thing, the love he could’ve had this whole time.
He does his best to hold back sobs and sleep. He doesn’t get much because he dreams of Cas getting taken by the empty.
“The Demons Crowley and Meg. Along with the angels, Gabriel and Balthazar. There will be more but those are the most notable.”
Dean raised a brow and Cas stared at him.
Dean couldn't really find his words at the moment so he pulled Cas even further moving his arm to Cas' waist and closed the distance. The kiss was soft and a little heated once Cas got over his shock and kissed back.
“N-no. To be honest, I just met you and hunters aren’t really trusty- trusty with each other. You should know better than I do,” she explained,” besides, my dad is someone that kinda has a bad reputation. If I tell you who he is, you’d probably walk away and never speak to me again.”
He sat there for a while, not really thinking. He was merely listening to whatever noise was around: the soft hum of the AC, the buzz of a lightbulb, and the last remaining birds chirping outside before they slept. He listened until those sounds faded away until he could no longer hear them. Everything was silent. Too silent.
Castiel leaned back on the leather seat of the Chevrolet and said,”I’ve seen and experienced more  reckless driving than you can think of. Show me what you got.”
One car is approaching.
“There’s some place I need to be,” Castiel lied. In truth, he didn’t want to deal with any hunters whether he knew them or not. It’s dangerous business he doesn’t want to meddle with and he simply isn’t ready for it. So he took another step forward
“I’m guessing this is more than just a hunting trip, then?” Jimmy raised an eyebrow, concern written in bold on his face.
Jimmy smiled at the young hunter’s comment about her father; he knew he made the right choice helping her. They continued their journey in silence. The sky was getting darker and darker by the minute, the beautiful mystical array of colours slowly fading into the dark blue that encapsulated their small world so they decided to stop their drive and find the nearest motel.
Castiel spots a motel a few feet down the street and decides to head towards it for rest. He found it bizarre- needing rest- it felt very human.
Jimmy chuckled,” I guess if you’re that intrigued, I guess hummus is not too bad.”
“He just… he’s just the most caring man on earth, it seems,” Grace wiped her eyes quickly with the back of her, sniffing a little before placing it back on the wheel and trying her best to compose herself,”I’ve never met anyone as kind with his family than him.”
“Is he a good father for you?”
Walking required a lot more effort than he thought. He’s not entirely sure why. He feels different. He’s not an angel, he doesn’t feel the grace burning inside his throat like it used to, but it doesn’t feel dry and in constant need of water like a human either. Not wanting to question himself and overthink his situation, he tries to direct his focus to his surroundings. He’ll figure out answers when he knows where and when he might be.
“No. Just a few bruises and minor cuts. Nothing too serious,” she explained to Castiel as he pulled back her jacket sleeve at her answer.
Breathing heavily and eyes darting from left to right, blinking the tears threatening to spill, he tries to focus and familiarize himself with his surroundings. He notices an environment that's all too familiar, yet also alien to him. There’s soft overgrown grass of shades of yellow and green. Slowly, he placed his hand down to touch it. It’s spiky and stings little at first, but once his fingers make contact with the soil, his fingers wrap around the grass, gripping it tight, he concludes that this is, in fact, reality.
When he arrived, the sun had practically gone down by that time. He breathed heavily once he reached the town. If his emotions weren’t dulled down, by what he’s assuming is his remaining grace, he would most likely be shedding tears of joy at the feeling of concrete under his feet, colorful buildings aligned neatly and lampposts scattered above the tarmac where a few cars rolled around.
Castiel grabs the keys to the motel room, quietly unlocks the door and heads out into the hall. He decides that if he’s gonna start hunting again and if his grace is this weak, it might be safe to buy a few spare clothes for his journey in case he has another episode of whatever he just experienced and for comfort.
“What did they do?” Grace asked, but when Jimmy didn’t answer, she regretted it immediately.
He finds a stack of newspaper and looks at the front cover: September 13th 2026
“Oh- Oh. I shouldn’t have used it without asking I-” Jimmy stammered, suddenly realizing that the credit card was only meant to get him a room and not to buy himself some extra clothes.
That’s when he screamed.
He woke up.
“I do,” Jimmy said simply.
“Yeah, I can tell. You only ordered a plate of steamed vegetables,” she smiled with an eyebrow raised.
For a reason she could not explain, those eyes looked very comforting and familiar. Despite their coldness, they seem to radiate a type of warmth from deep within.
“I doubt he is. He’s up there somewhere and I know it. He has to come back,” Grace said.
Their eyes met.
The path led into a wider opening where he hid behind the wall. The noise was clearly and obviously coming from there. Cautiously, he tried to take a look at what was going on and what he saw made his angelic warrior and protector instincts rise and kick in.
“No, Jimmy. Thank you.”
“Me?” Jimmy asked, slightly confused,” Well, if you were my brothers or sister I would tell you I was simply observing the bees on the lavender flowers but I’d be lying. Even though they were eye catching and beautiful, it didn’t compare to my brothers getting along so well in that moment.”
He looked into her eyes and there seemed to be a sense of loss and seeking comfort. He examined her one last time: she didn’t look any older than 18 or maybe 19, her hair was brown messy and if you looked close enough, you could see light freckles splattered on her cheeks.
Castiel approached the small fight zone and stood in front of the girl, guarding her.
Sam glanced at her before leaving her alone in the range.
“A few others?” Sam asks.
Cas rolled his eyes at what essentially their kids. "How are you both? Having fun at that fair?" Kaia was away doing something with Donna and since they didn't wanna take Jack on the case they suggested Claire take Jack to the local town fair.
“Dean Winchester, the ultimate killer.”
“Okay... Just stay more.”
“Good idea.” Mary commented. “Do you think we are dealing with a new vamp who maybe goes to the school.”
Dean nodded and finished the chip he had just dipped in salsa. “The girl’s mom said she had a new friend in the days leading up to her death. I ended up checking her Instagram and she goes to the same school as Jose’s kid so maybe we should look at the student body.”
“Papa told me Claire and Kaia is coming today!”
“I’m sorry, you were right Sam is yours. I may not know much but I know and I can tell that you are his parent. And I’m sorry it had to be that way but I’m tying and you have to let me do that in the only way I think I can.”
It was not a particularly good joke but Cas laughed anyway. "It’s not epic, but it shouldn’t be. As loving, you has been the most natural thing I’ve ever done."
“A fair amount.” That is all she got in response and it was from Sam.
Dean has a hard time letting people take care of him, which is fair given ya know, everything. That doesn’t mean people don’t try. Currently, it was his mom of all people. “No mom it’s fine. I’m fine.” He has a horrible headache and is just getting over a cold. He also happened to be in the shooting range because that’s a totally normal thing to do when they’re sick.
Sam was in the middle of a protest, “what does that mean”, but she was gone.
“Well I don’t really know how to be a son, so I guess we’ll both have to learn.” With that, he went to bed.
He barely moves, Sam and Jack are grieving too but Dean can’t really find it in himself to help.
