It had gone beyond physical gratification, any simple and vulgar noun phrase would have been crude and dismissive. He knew what he wanted and what he dreamed of, saying that sex with Cas had been for the greater good or not to let his friend down would be a disservice to both their intelligence. Their former life was over, aside from the nightmares, but, thank heavens!, over. Whether or not he deserved the new one was irrelevant. He wanted it. That night something had happened, they had liked it and would do it again. And again. And again. Wondering why it had taken them so long. No going back. In the weeks that followed, boundaries had been crossed - friendship, lust and love mingling, making things easier. They kept showing each other to be vulnerable and had not hurt a soul - if they were to hurt anyone, it would have been them.
The weight Dean’s been carrying his entire life lifts when he glances at his fiancé and finds the only salvation he’ll ever need.
Okay, how can Dean be annoyed even if it is the hundredth time Sam's said that too? Dean thanks him anyway.
He couldn’t have been more wrong. Jimmy shut the idea down faster than it took them to present and Castiel had received a very angry email about involving himself in Jimmy’s family affairs, an email that Castiel deleted with a roll of his eyes. His brother never listens and his stubborn streak is a mile long. He hates the idea of Claire becoming a writer so he’s doing everything he can to circumvent it and it
“Old family recipe. Replace the chocolate with a peanut butter cup. Instant upgrade.” Dean's mouth watered just thinking about it. “Wait, have you ever made s’mores before?”
Dean tugged Castiel closer to him, running his nose up from Cas' throat to capture his lips in a deep kiss. Cas’ groan shot straight to his dick, and Dean pulled away, resisting the urge to push Cas down on the bed and not come up for days. Instead, he squeezed Cas’ ass and shoved him towards the bathroom.
His dad isn’t buying it. John lifts him up onto the counter, checking him for bruises or blood and finding none, puts his hands on either side of Dean, looking him dead in the eye.
Dean finds what he's looking for; a pair of satin panties, maroon and trimmed with black lace. He drops his towel and gives himself a few quick strokes to take the edge off before he steps into the panties, feeling the drag of the fabric catching the fine hair on the inside of his thighs. Dean adjusts himself so everything stays put and he shudders as he walks the few steps to the closet, feeling the slide of the satin against his cock as he moves. He grabs his phone and snaps a few pictures for Cas. Dean tries not to think about how dirty they'll be getting later, and instead focuses on getting dressed, pulling on his favorite pair of leather pants and a maroon v-neck.
Then Sam called to congratulate him, during which he mentioned that the commune needed a new teacher for the arts. Dean didn’t need to see the puppy dog eyes to know Sam had them as he agreed to think about his proposal. It seemed too crazy at first, the idea of leaving Lawrence… and for
Now that it’s Christmas, Cas revealed his Christmas tie collection, one for every day leading up to Christmas break, ten different ties with ten different crazy Christmas patterns. Dean fingers the silky ties while Cas picks out his sweater vest, settling on the one that looks like an ugly Christmas sweater. He smiles when Cas pushes the other ties to the middle of the bed and sits next to Dean, waiting for him to slide the silk around his neck.
He stands up straight and places his hands on Claire’s shoulders. “Let me worry about that. Use my address for anything you need.” He tilts his head and gives her a gentle smile. “You know you have to go home tonight.”
“Oh he doesn’t know the difference, do you baby,” she coos at Pug, ignoring Castiel’s semantics. “Anyway, after he fell asleep, I did some homework and worked on a story for a while before I fell asleep.”
“My sister-in-law locks herself out of everything. You should see me jimmy open a car door.” The lock turns and Dean snaps his fingers in triumph. “Yahtzee.” He pulls it open for Cas. “Paying for a locksmith got expensive, so I just learned off of YouTube.”
Dean stopped short at the door, Sammy crashing into his back and like dominoes, Ellen and Bobby following suit. They all tumbled into the room together, making quite the entrance and somehow, no one dropped anything. Dean laughed as he tried to regain his footing, knowing only his crazy family could make such a graceful entrance.
They meet at the hotel Cas and the kids are staying at, both of them deciding this was the easiest thing for now, considering the long day they were about to have. He’s rummaging around in the Impala’s trunk, making sure he has everyone’s makeshift weapons for the day. Dean got put in charge of them; foam swords for him and Cas, a dagger for Emma, a kickass bow and arrow for Claire and a magical staff, as requested by Jack.
Dean had no idea Mary could hear the Novaks fighting, that she knew how often Cas ended up at the Winchester’s and exactly why.
Dean plays innocent but doesn’t seem to mind when Castiel kisses him silly in thanks when they get back upstairs. He’s enough of a distraction until they part ways so Dean can begin his daily walks and then Castiel allows work to become a distraction as he opens the store and goes about the day.
Dean rolls his eyes and leans back on one hand as he sips his beer. “You’re just a lot sweeter than they’re used to, is all.”
A glass shatters and one of their idiot classmates bumps into their table, causing all the glasses to rattle, a few to fall over, and for Dean and Castiel to spring apart.
Dean hums and moans around Cas’ dick with each slide of his tongue and pull of his mouth. Cas is thrumming with pleasure, his mouth eager and hot and absolutely devouring Dean’s cock. The room fills with the sound of their desire, neither of them trying to be quiet, moans vibrating in the back of their throats while they enjoy each other’s bodies.
“I’m from Minnesota,” she replies, as if that explains everything. Donna pets Pug while he chews through a chunk of zucchini. “This little baby has quite the sensitive stomach, don’t you sweetie?” She smiles up at Cas. “Y’all visiting the school?”
“You know, we’re supposed to blow out candles.” Castiel pulls his twin’s piece away so he can stick a candle in it.
Cas is wearing all his gear and it’s a comfort, the familiar shape of him with his thick, protective shin pads and caged face mask, glove swinging on one hand and in the other, the ball he's bringing Dean. Cas pushes the mask up to sit on top of his head so he can squint at Dean, his glove coming up to cover his mouth.
“I think you should tell him to fuck off.” Jo crossed her arms and stared Dean down. Dean clenched his jaw and stared right back.
Dean tips his head back so he can press their foreheads together. “You missed me, Cas?” He tries to say it teasingly, to push back the emotion filling his chest, but the words come out more as a whisper and Dean knows he’s failed to mask his sincerity, like he could ever hide from Cas.
Castiel laughs, a happy, stuttering laugh that bounces off the walls when Antoni spins him and pushes him in the direction of the hallway and he’s still smiling when he’s intercepted by Jonathan halfway to the bedrooms.
Dark now beyond the windows, Dean leaves the tray he loaded with their snack on his bedside table before he quickly pulls down his shorts and yanks his shirt over his head. He steps and kicks his foot, flipping the shorts into the air so he can catch them and toss both into the hamper before he goes into the bathroom to brush his teeth.
“Ellen’s right. We did grow up here. I know that Sam and I are better people because Ellen and Bobby stepped in to be our parents. All of you here today, well, you’re family and I appreciate each of you more than I’ll ever be able to say.” Dean cleared his throat and reached for Cas’ hand, pulling him out of his seat and wrapping his arm around his waist. “Call him crazy but Cas has agreed to marry me, and I couldn’t be happier about it. We might have grown up within these walls, but Cas has always been home to me.” He kissed Cas softly. “Thank you guys, for your support. It means the world to us.” He raised his glass and everyone lifted theirs in response, drinking to the couple.
“What about you?” Cas turns one knee towards Dean. The ashtray he’s been flicking into gets put on Dean’s stomach. Cas gives him a pointed look, making it clear Dean is to answer if Cas is gonna let him slide on the nagging.
Cas relaxes and clings to Dean’s arm pressed across his chest as Dean works the plug back in, using his own come to slick the way. Cas is making low, guttural moans in the back of his throat and Dean whispers encouragement into his ear.
The creaky stairs have been fixed and re-painted a gorgeous brick red and Castiel imagines art hanging along the wall, maybe something from a local artist to cover the blank walls. The front door to the apartment has been refinished and Castiel pushes it open—and gasps.
Cas is perkier when Dean sees him, and his coffee cup is empty. Dean holds his finger out, where his cup dangles by its handle, shaped so wide Dean can almost fit his hand through it. All the camp dishes are hand thrown in the camp’s pottery barn, somewhere Dean’s yet to go. He hasn’t signed up for any of the shifts there, to replace the dishes that never make it back to the Roadhouse.
“Really? Then why do you hand out your phone number to strangers?” Dean hopes he sounds flirty but fuck if he can tell.
“If you guys are done being gross, could we move on?” Cas smirks at Sam’s vocal bitch face and Dean shakes his head. “So, did we settle on DC Universe? Cas? Are you willing to concede Dean as Captain America for Dean as Batman?”
Cas shifts on his feet and it makes the hard on pressing against Dean's ass shift too and he can't help but push back against it which stills Cas' hand.
“Awesome. Ok, now let me show you how to make a proper s’more. First you need to prep your graham and your chocolate so it's ready for the marshmallow.” Dean stacked a peanut butter cup on top of a graham cracker. “Then, you need to roast the mallow, not too crispy, just burnt enough on the outside so it's gooey on the inside, ok?” Dean slid marshmallows on the metal rods he had picked up just for this. He handed one to Cas. “Okay so, let it catch fire—no Cas, it's fine, don't worry.” Cas looked at him in doubt. “Look, once it's on fire, you just blow it out and that should be perfect ok? Watch.”
Bobby’s gone all out. The ceiling is now white, stained wood beams stretching across the space and crossing, bringing a warmth to the room. The walls are matching shiplap and the newly built-in desk and storage are dark against the clean, bright walls. Cleverly hidden whiteboards are installed to one side next to shelves styled with books and framed photos of Castiel and Dean.
“Look Castiel, I will pull this car over until you are ready, just say the word.” Karamo eases off the gas and the Continental slows on the highway.
The casts come off but their sleepovers don’t stop. Their parents attempt to limit them to weekends only but more often than not, Mary finds Cas asleep in Dean’s bed in the mornings, snuggled together in their superhero pjs (Batman for Dean and Superman for Cas) and sharing a pillow.
Cas sucks in a breath and kisses Dean hard before shuffling up to his knees beside Dean, stroking his cock with his eyes focused on Dean’s mouth. Dean licks his lips and stares at Cas’ hand pulling at the head of his dick and he wants him. He leans in, mouth open and Cas groans and rocks his hips forward to meet Dean’s mouth.
“I wish I could give you what you want, Dean.” Cas’ thumb is rubbing the inside of Dean’s palm and Dean thinks he may cry. How do you tell your best friend that everything you want is right here in this moment?
Doesn’t mean he wasn’t there most weekends anyway, hanging out and helping Bobby where he could. It’s how he ended up on a stool beside whatever car Bobby was working on, not having anywhere else to go, or anyone else to talk to. Not that Bobby was much for talking, but Dean was okay with that, not much for talking himself. Maybe that’s why he got along so well with the surly old man.
There is still no run support to be had when the Kansas City Royals can’t score in the bottom of the fourth inning. No one even gets on base, and it doesn’t build the most confidence to know they need to go back out there and keep battling. A run always eases tensions, but it is what it is, and there’s nothing to be done except go back out on the field and fight. Together.
Final goodbyes filled with last minute hugs are exchanged when they return to the group, all of them sad to part ways. They try to make up for it with lots of enthusiastic waving as they drive away from both men who are happily waving back. Dean’s arm is thrown over Castiel’s shoulders and Castiel looks like there’s nowhere else in the world he’d rather be.
It was stupid coming back to Lawrence. It was really stupid going to The Roadhouse knowing Dean wasn't there and spying on his life. Castiel felt like a fool. Dean had moved on, he had
Sam rolls his eyes as Charlie tosses him the keys to the Impala. “No judge would convict us, once we present the facts of the case.” He holds open the door to the backseat. “Now get in.”
He snuggled deeper into the nest of blankets around them, and it wasn’t until he felt Cas’ warm breath ghosting over his shoulders that he decided it was safe to open his eyes. Even though the room looked the same, Dean knew everything had changed. He pulled Cas’ hand up to his lips and kissed each knuckle softly. Castiel let out a breathy sigh and nuzzled into his back. Dean decided to lay there for a few more minutes, enjoying their warmth.
Traveling west on I-70 affords cattle lined up at fences for miles, tails flicking as the wind whips around them thanks to the stormy, hot day. The rolling hills of Kansas are green and lush and friendly to travelers, billboards bragging about Jayhawks Basketball and promising you’ll feel like you’re not in Kansas anymore when visiting The Wizard of Oz Museum in Wamego. Cheeky, considering.
Dean has no clue what kind of business he might have to talk about with Bobby and Ellen, though. Still, he nods before he turns back to where they’ve been sitting, facing an enormous screen and a digital camera that MLB sent over, to record their reactions as the draft was announced, streaming the players something new the league is trying.
with one so Dean can appreciate it, and he loves that it’s his favorite blue one too. Matches Cas’s eyes. Dean’s jacket compliments it too, and so what if they’re kinda matching, they’re allowed on their wedding day.
gifted his dream car? Dean has to pinch himself as Cas pulls him to his feet. Cas doesn’t notice because he seems to be the one on a mission now, and he leaves Dean to his disbelief as he laces their hands together so he can lead Dean out of the field and back towards home.
When their flight lands in New York, Castiel pulls the strap of his messenger bag over his shoulders and grabs the handle of Pug’s pink carrier, his sweet snuffles coming from inside as they exit through the terminal. “We made it, my friend, your first look at city life,” Castiel murmurs to him.
They sat together, watching the sun come up over the water, the soft pinks and purples of the sky filling the Impala with light. Dean drove them home with Cas tucked against him. Neither of them tried to hide their smiles.
“Then you take the marshmallow and put it on the chocolate, cover it with another Graham cracker, and slide the stick out.” Dean demonstrated, making a perfect s'more on his first try. He handed it over to Cas.
The pizza place wasn’t much better. They forgot to account for little league season and the place was packed, tiny baseball players running around screaming and stepping on each other and smelling like a hundred kids who just played hours of baseball in the afternoon sun.
at him, her eyes dancing with excitement. “Have fun,” she says, her voice loud enough to address them both but her eyes glued to Castiel’s. She leans in and drops her voice to a teasing whisper, “On your date.”
The ball snapping into Cas's glove rings with a finality that the entire stadium can hear, echoed by a sharp, “You're out!” from the umpire, and then... all hell breaks loose.
It’s Castiel’s perfect sanctuary. It’s made even better when Tan emerges from inside the closet, a huge grin on his face.
“What’s this about, Sammy? I mean, I appreciate it, believe me but is there something else on your mind?”
Dean checks his watch and thinks about calling Emma, tell her he's gonna stay a little longer after all. For more time with Cas, he'll take the
“No,” Cas exclaims, picking up Dean’s hand again now that they’re inside and walking down the hall. “Did she at least bail you out?”
Between school and all the applications, Dean doesn’t have much time to think about how things are between him and Cas. It’s not weird, after the things they did, but things are different. When they’re at school, it's business as usual: Dean jumping between cliques and Cas on the fringes. He’s been withdrawing more and more, skipping school and generally not giving a fuck. He’ll make like he’s going but when Dean gets out of the truck, Cas  stares at the school with a far away look in his eyes and Dean knows he won’t get out. Cas will be there to pick him up and he never misses work but Dean can’t help but wonder what he does all day when he doesn’t go to school.
The twins are just happy to eat their cake until Jimmy wipes his face with a (also provided) napkin and clears his throat. “Claire, since your uncle is here, I think it’s a good time to talk about NYU.”
The video ends. A picture comes in, this one downright filthy. It’s Castiel’s splayed legs, their toy buried deep in his ass and come painting his stomach. Dean stares at it for a long time but halts his strokes and curses Novak while his erection takes its time going away.
“He’s distracted by the tree,” Castiel murmurs, wanting to stay in the softness of Dean. “You should kiss me again.” He guides their joined hands to his chest so he can get even closer to Dean, who huffs and steps between Castiel’s spread legs to nudge him against the jam of the door. Finally.
The voices are coming from behind him, and more possible bisexuals in the wild is something Dean’s gotta see. That’s the beauty of The Sparrow. You never know what you’re gonna get, or who you might hook up with.
Charlie kept him in the loop, sending Dean pictures of them getting ready, Charlie looking bad fucking ass as Harley Quinn and Gilda making a sexy Joker. Dean loves a good gender bend.
Cas takes the place of the ashtray when the cigarette is gone. His hair tickles Dean’s bare stomach so he cards his hand through it, rubbing Cas’ scalp.
“No,” Dean replies, muffled by the pillow his face is buried in. Light purple spikes stiff from sleep disappear when his grouchy fiance pulls the blankets he’s grabbed over his head. He whips them back down just as fast so he can throw a sleep rumpled glare at Castiel over his shoulder. “You like
It’s fucking Cas. Cas, standing outside the batter's box in his own practice uniform, royal blue chest protector and leg guards strapped tight to him, highlighting his wide chest and trim waist and holy shit, Dean’s brain is just making that annoying internet dial up sound now as he tries to process what he’s seeing.
Halfway through their pizza, Sarah puts her napkin on the table and clears her throat. Sam wraps an arm around her shoulders and gives her a slight squeeze. She looks a little nervous and Dean wonders what the hell's going on.
Claire pours a vinaigrette made with maple syrup, dijon mustard, and a balsamic vinegar they bought from the Kline’s stand over their salad and it’s sharp, spicy scent fills the kitchen. Mixed with the citrus of the mandarin oranges, it smells delicious.
“Gonna come,” he tugs on Cas’ hair. Blue eyes fly open and Cas bobs his mouth lower, hollowing his cheeks and swallowing around Dean’s cock, only closing his eyes when Dean’s release fills his mouth.
Dean freezes, his eyes glued to the man in front of him. The man who then rocks his hips, making his beautiful dick twitch against the crease of his thick, muscled thigh.
When Castiel wakes up in the morning, Dean is gone. His chest feels tight until he notices a note stuck to his alarm clock.
If it wasn’t for Claire singing him the birthday song via Facetime, most years Castiel would rather forget about the day. And this year, the brief notion of celebrating with Jimmy was foolish of him to imagine, even to begin with.
“Just trying to think up some last minute excuse to give my father.” Castiel grimaced, looking towards the entrance doors.
They get ready around each other with ease and Dean smiles when he leaves the bathroom to find Cas in the kitchen making a big pot of coffee. He’s wearing navy blue joggers that hug him in all the right places, his ankles showing above maroon Chucks. He has on a white henley that stretches tight over his shoulders. He’s so,
Thirty agonizing minutes Dean watches Castiel stroke his cock with one hand and do all kinds of delicious things with his other. Castiel’s long fingers look sexy as fuck when they roll his balls between them and when they slip inside his hole. He’s spread out in the same spot Dean sat in watching his videos and that makes it even hotter.
“She’s gorgeous, Dean, she’s a wiccan.” She’s blushing again. “She runs her own shop and I needed some new oils. That’s how we met.” Charlie’s into new age health stuff, essential oils and all that. Dean’s actually surprised she hasn’t gone off to yoga with Cas yet.
“Like I said, we just got this in and you’re the first person to have some, aside from me and my wife drinkin’ some last night. Made us both so drowsy, we almost missed the end of the show we were watchin’. You like Dr. Sexy, M.D.?”
Dean talks about hit counts and fan conventions and admits to having custom robes made for both of them and Cas listens to every word, laughing every time Dean tries to be funny and asking leading questions that send Dean on tangents with more anecdotes about his amazing daughter.
” his smile turns wicked and he drops his head back in stuttering, giddy laughter. Dean’s grip around his waist tightens and Castiel knows Dean has him and that together, they can do anything.
When they were far enough away from campus, Cas pulled over so he could kiss Dean stupid, making him feel alive for the first time in months. All the pain of missing him went out the window when Cas finally kissed him again, and Dean doesn’t even care how cheesy that makes him, Cas just does that—he just makes everything better.
Dean kisses his husband one more time for good measure. “Let’s go home then. You might have forgotten, but I won our bet tonight.”
“Miss Jo, Principal Harvelle, thank you so much for having us,” Bobby greets her with a small bow once they all untangle from their impromptu group hug. She’s laughing when she waves him off.
Dean’s so wired he thinks he could run laps around the stadium right now if he had the chance, just to burn off some energy.
Cas’ hand on his cheek stills him and Dean looks up into Cas’ eyes filled with trust and fondness and a hint of fire around the edges, like he kinda wants to wreck Dean.
Castiel’s had plenty of opportunities to talk to Claire about it and he’s loathe to break the peace of their evenings together, but if he’s going to do the responsible thing, he should probably at least test the waters.
Dean was only kinda, sorta joking this morning when he predicted twenty-seven, and at various times throughout the night, Dean’s taken many opportunities to consider himself certifiable for getting them into this mess. But then he looks at his pitch count. And then he considers that sure, Sam is concerned, but the clear blue of Cas’s eyes makes Dean believe that this might be possible. They’ve always made Dean believe
With clarity he didn’t have before, Dean throws a ninety-nine mile per hour fast ball that the batter can only stare at as it crosses the plate, and it’s a clean strike down the middle for the third out of the inning. Dean leads his team off the field focused, his perfect game intact.
We both agreed to go get tested,” he clears his throat. “Full on tested like—blood, not just urine. My appointment is next week.” Dean needs his annual physical, anyway. “When the results come back, I kinda want to make it special, you know?”
“If you think you want to take on that much responsibility, I’ll sign the consent form.” his expression softens. “I want you to be happy, Claire and I’m tired of being the one to stand in the way of that.” Jimmy’s voice goes quiet. “I’m sorry I did for so long.”
They’re walking side by side, so Dean can see when Cas’s eyes darken. “It was a tourist disturbing his nest that caused Crowley’s injury.” He clenches his jaw. “He was only days from his hatch and they removed him to take photographs.” There’s unmatched fury in Cas’s voice, and Dean can feel his own anger rising. “A local stopped them, but he was already hurt. His eyes weren’t even open, he was harmless—” Cutting himself off, Cas shakes his head. “I’ll never understand how someone could treat another living creature that way.”
and god, Dean’s gonna get to put his mouth on all of that like, real soon and why the hell is Cas laughing?
Castiel Novak is a handsome man. Sapphire blue eyes stare imploringly into the camera and Castiel tilts his head, a light flush painting his cheeks as he looks towards the throat clearer. A thick beard covers the bottom half of his face but even with it, his chiseled jaw is easy to see.
Castiel’s eyes meet Dean’s through the commotion and the two men share a smile, one just for them, one everyone feels bad interrupting.
Castiel’s thankful when Dean guides them the rest of the way out of the party, both of them falling into step and eating their ice cream in a comfortable silence. A few bites in, Castiel can understand why this is a specialty, the ribbons of honey perfectly balanced with the vanilla, a perfect treat on the cool, spring night.
Until Dean pulls out his portion of their family costume, a pair of reindeer ears which he nestles into his green hair with a grin. “Usually Sam has the antlers, so he’s gonna get a laugh out of this.”
Somehow that eyebrow goes higher and the guy gets even hotter and that’s when Dean’s hooked. His tongue darts out to wet his lips and fuck, the thrill Dean gets when the guy’s dark eyes go right to his mouth, even as he’s stepping well into Dean’s personal space.
They lose Sarah and Sam first, Sam pouring her into a Lyft and promising to call Dean in the morning. They’re staying with some of Sarah’s friends across the bridge. Charlie and Gilda go after, off to another part of town. Next stop is a closed Fable where Baz drags them inside for a round of Irish Coffee and pie.
Dean can’t help but laugh at the two of them as Mary tries to give Cas some very sticky kisses. Mary
He looks amazing and it takes Tan a minute. “Wow, okay, sorry,” Tan laughs softly. “Looking at you just reminds me how good I am,” he claps and grins at Castiel. “Okay, one last surprise.”
Castiel’s relieved however, when they finally get home to find Ash on the couch, Pug nestled in the crook of his arm and stretched alllll the way out, the two of them snoring loudly while a movie plays on Dean’s laptop on the coffee table. Dean grabs a photo with his phone before Pug springs awake, flipping his little self over and waking Ash in an attempt to get off the couch and reach them. Castiel was unable to convince Jimmy to bend his
Castiel raises an eyebrow in interest. "They have embarrassing stories that involve you? Maybe we should go back."
how to do this,” Antoni knocks their shoulders together and they get down to business. By the time Antoni’s done showing Castiel how to mix the ingredients and roll the dough flat, he’s all smiles and
“You don’t want anything to do with this,” Castiel states, already reaching for the stack of papers and its collection of small, yellow tabs to mark all the pages Castiel has to sign. “With me.”
Cas is waiting to nuzzle into him and Dean lets him, needs it too, now that they gave over to the building fear and uncertainty they’ve both been drowning in all week. It’s like Cas has been waiting for the release, waiting to be right where he is when Dean pulls him straight into his arms and Cas falls asleep, following a soft kiss to Dean’s chin.
“Well, we’re always happy to welcome a new face and it seems like Dean’s taking a liking to ya so, welcome to the village, Castiel.” Ellen toasts him and he nods.
Maybe they're divorced. Maybe Cas got dumped, like Dean. Maybe they just don't wear rings and she's waiting in their perfect, designed by Cas, big, white two-story house, sitting pretty in a Chicago suburb for her handsome husband to come home. Or maybe she is a him and they used a lovely surrogate for both their kids.
He bites his lip when Dean settles in next to him, their thighs pressing together. Dean shifts his leg every few moments, and the friction is killing Castiel. He shifts to relieve the pressure on his growing erection and he can see Dean smirk from the corner of his eye as he pats Castiel’s knee.
Charlie punches him in the shoulder with a laugh. “Great to finally meet the amazing guy Dean won’t shut up about.” She wraps Cas in a hug and he freezes for a second before he’s awkwardly hugging back. Dean pulls him from the ginger death grip, flushing a little at her description of Cas and Dean’s reaction to him.
“Coulda helped you with that,” Dean mutters back, tipping their lips together. If Cas is down for curbing this conversation to have a lot of really awesome sex instead, Dean's in.
“Do you wanna get out of here?” Suggestion has filled those emerald eyes and Castiel’s finding it harder and harder to resist falling into them.
Dean collapses on the wood floor of the dance studio, the last notes of Columbian hip hop fading from the speakers. Charlie sits down laughing and breathing hard as Dean digs his water bottle and towel out of his bag.
He’s pleasantly surprised when Cas is sufficiently educated in this department. Apparently they didn’t have televisions on the island growing up, but plenty of stereos.
Dean always calls Castiel his sunshine and the endearment is something that makes Castiel’s heart flutter every single time Dean utters it.
Cas’ eyes flair and he gives Dean a wide, beautiful, gummy smile infused with actual rays of golden light, Dean’s sure of it.
Castiel swallows around the sudden lump in his throat at the mention of the night he’s been overthinking all week. He nods as Dean goes on.
“Damn right we will,” Bobby answers, arm going around Ellen as she joins them. “And we got some business to discuss with you, when all this excitement dies down.” Bobby nods towards the crowd of the rest of their friends from the area, all gathered to watch the draft. Ellen went all out with viewing party food and drink and it’s already been a hell of an afternoon, waiting for things to start. They’re gonna go crazy, once Cas gets drafted and they can celebrate.
“Fuckin’ loved it, babe,” Dean sucks at the underside of Cas’ jaw. “You’re incredible, Cas. So fucking perfect for me,” he murmurs into Cas’ skin, willing his words to melt into him. “Best surprise I’ve ever gotten.”
It was definitely the biggest party on fraternity row. The frat house glowed, every light on, and Dean could see people in every window. The lawn was packed full of people, and Dean knew the backyard was likely the same. He had to give Benny props for this one, it looked like the guy had gone all out.
“Why do you think I might want this guy anyway,” he mumbles, scrawling out Donna’s phone number by memory.
Dean rolled his eyes, laughing at Castiel's dramatics. “Oh my god, you got it in your ear! How the hell did you manage that? You're crazy, you know that? I Iove you so much.” Dean leaned in to nip at Cas’ ear. Cas froze, his breath hitched. It took a moment for Dean's brain to catch up with his mouth, and he pulled back, mouth opening and closing like a fish out of water.
“Doesn’t hurt to ask,” she chirps with a knowing smile. “I’m leanin’ towards a yes, ya ask me.” She comes to stand beside him in front of the bulletin board. She nods towards the event listing. “Come back for one of our community nights, meet some of your neighbors.”
Dean knows Cas loves him but is hiding their relationship and sneaking around half the fun for him? If they take it away, will Cas lose interest?
“You walk fast,” Dean huffs, straightening and shaking his head. He beams and takes a deep breath. “I forgot to see if you were free Friday night.”
He’s still daydreaming as he climbs the steps out of the subway, and as his beloved arch comes into view, he smiles at the thought of his parents meeting under it to start their story. Feeling especially wistful, he decides he needs to pass through, maybe for good luck, for nostalgia, for everything it’s meant to him, his whole life and even before it began.
Castiel comes at the thirty minute mark, his mouth falling open in a silent groan. Dean has no fucking idea how he stayed so quiet. Their time is over, signaled by a knock on Dean’s door. There’s no way Dean can stand up, so he watches Castiel make quick work of his cleanup, stopping to tell Dean goodbye by shoving two come covered fingers in his mouth before he kisses Dean around them. He leaves Dean with a massive hard on but what the fuck else is new at this point?
“It’s July, Dean.” Cas chops up some cilantro, his hands moving quick and fast and Dean watches them, his chin hooked over Cas’ shoulder.
“All set, honey. Are you sure you're going to be able to carry this all the way to the lake? It's heavy with the blanket inside.”
Those what ifs don’t matter because she did and it got them both here, and had Cas not trusted in Dean, his life wouldn’t be the  fairytale it is, compared to the boring story it was before. Standing beside him has always made Cas stand taller, prouder, to know that he’s loved by a man like Dean Winchester.
Jack surprises him by shaking his head. “That’s okay, we’ve already discussed our plan and reviewed all my questions.” They did do that. A few times. “If I have any more, we can go over them at breakfast.”
Looming up and into the sky, a wall of water greets them as it cascades down the side of the mountain, lush green trees framing each side all the way up. There’s a pool of blue-green water at the base, and a giant cloud of mist where the falling water meets the sparkling river that winds away into the trees.
A tear slips down Cas’ face and Dean wipes it away with his thumb. “Come on, let’s hang it on our tree.” He pulls Cas up by his hand and laces their fingers together. He lets Cas pick the perfect spot, not too high and right in the middle of the tree. Together they hang the rest of the ornaments from their past, laughing and reminiscing over their Christmas’ together.
Before Jimmy can answer him, Claire returns, her eyes wide and anxious. She sets down the tray with their tea and Castiel stands so she can sit, pouring tea for them all once Jimmy nods at his holding up the pot in offering.
They all agree that the coolest part of the whole house is the den. It’s the second story of the garage and when they bought the house, it was empty. Now, it’s a badass family space; one half a homemade theater complete with giant projection screen and two rows of recliner chairs, one row slightly elevated over the other for maximum viewing enjoyment.
“No, some chick he met in our Econ class. We all had a group project together and they’ve gone on a few dates, kinda went to Prom together.”
There’s no way in hell Ellen would let either of them get away with any of the shit they’re up to tonight at
They settled on their beds, facing each other with plates filled with sausage and pepperoni pizza balanced on their laps. It had been a pretty good first day.
They watch the video together from the mound, now covered and ready for tomorrow’s game. Dean will be back here in less than a week with a clean slate, but for now, tonight, it belongs to them, and with his arms around Cas’s waist, Dean tucks his chin over his husband’s shoulder to witness their magical moment over and over.
“Awesome.” Dean leans in to kiss Castiel again, a quick press of their lips that Castiel returns. “I’ll see you tomorrow then.” He drops one last, sweet peck to the corner of Castiel’s mouth and squeezes his hands one last time before Dean’s letting go to scoop Pug out of the rhododendrons that separate Castiel and Rowena’s patios, passing him to Castiel with a laugh when a stray flower falls off his head. “Have a good day, you two.”
The music is loud and pounding when they finally enter the gym, their classmates all still existing there and not one of them missing Dean or Cas who’ve been gone for over an hour. Looking at Cas, it’s obvious what they’ve been doing, his lips swollen and the flush high on his cheeks. Dean’s sure he looks the same, if not worse, his lighter complexion useless against his blush.
He’s also not gonna walk in with any expectations, knowing Cas deserves better. If he only sees friendship between them, well, it’s more than Dean deserves. He considers himself lucky to be someone Cas would want to befriend, especially if he’s been such a hermit the last few years, if Jimmy is to be believed.
“Just today, with Cas and the way your house just feels… like a home, I guess. And Cas, the way he talks about you, about being here, it made me realize that he really loves you.” They both turn at the sound of Cas laughing in the kitchen with Charlie. Dean’s heart feels full, and he turns back to Sam.
All Castiel can do is watch him leave, walking through the restaurant like he owns the place, giving new meaning to the saying.
Castiel would too. Dean doesn’t elaborate and it adds more questions to Castiel’s ever growing list of things he’d like to know more about. They don’t get an opportunity to talk more because Dean seems to spot whoever he was looking for and they begin to make their way through the crowd.
Dean watched as Cas toasted the marshmallow, letting it get a little more crispy than it should but Dean didn't correct him. He was so focused on his task, and Dean couldn't take his eyes off him.
Cas relaxed in his arms and huffed out a laugh as Dean ran his lips over the spot behind Cas’ ear. Dean’s eyes drifted up and down Cas’ body in the mirror as his hands roamed, one tucking under Cas’ shirt from his side, gripping his hip with a gentle squeeze, the other brushing across Cas’ waistband, creeping over to touch his belt buckle. His skin was soft and Dean ached to taste it. Castiel watched Dean's hands as they made their journey, his breath hitched with Dean’s every move.
Dean opens his eyes and the first thing he sees is the honey bee inside Cas’ wrist, Cas’ arm tucked under his neck. Dean presses a kiss to the ink and appreciates his nickname even more.
Castiel tucks himself back around Dean, slipping his hand under Dean’s shirt and making him yelp when he tucks it against Dean’s warm side.
Castiel nods. “How did you know he could eat that? Most people have no idea what pigs eat, I find. Someone once suggested
“Whatever you’re thinking of doing to me, I suggest you take me home and do it,” Cas whispers, low in Dean’s ear, his breath hot and yeah, that's a good idea Cas has.
She reaches out to poke her dripping popsicle at Dean’s cheek, one of her dark brown curls falling into her eyes. Cas tucks it behind her ear so she can see better as she torments Dean with her dessert. Reminds him of Sammy at that age.
“You’re going to be thanking me later.” Castiel tosses one of the two hoodies he grabbed at Dean's head. He watches as Dean looks down at the sweatshirt for a minute before he pulls off the flannel he's wearing, tossing it into the back seat. Dean pulls on the hoodie and closes his eyes.
“I’d hardly call this kissing,” Cas responds, breathless in a way only Dean can bring about. The apples of his cheeks are pink when he turns around, blue eyes shining and determined as he wraps his arms around Dean’s shoulders. “I can show you some real kissing, if you’d like.” Cas raises an eyebrow and his cheeky grin brings Dean back to a cold night years ago, when he first kissed Cas in the dark, not knowing the otherwise innocuous moment would be the jumping off point of his whole awesome life. He had no idea how much it would change, but he knows now that the only reason it did was because of the man in his arms.
He’s smiling when he brings the food back inside, finding Cas moved to the nest, still naked but now packing a nice sized bowl for them to share before they eat. Dean drops the bags on the kitchen table and strips out of his clothes before he gathers everything they need to eat.
The champagne is flowing, all of them in celebration mode by the time Gabriel arrives, the last of their party. It’s obvious Gabe has been pre-gaming, but when Dean goes to pour him a glass of champagne to keep the party going, he finds them out. They’ve got enough time before their dinner reservation to throw back another bottle or two, and with half the crew taking advantage of the nice pool and weather, Dean decides to hit the poolside bar, not wanting to wait for their attendant. Cas is next to him on the couch, talking to Jess about her marketing classes, and Dean interrupts them to let Cas know he’ll be right back. Cas brushes their lips together and asks Dean to bring back some shots, too.
Dean slows his steps. “Doin’ okay?” There’s a hint of concern in Dean’s voice and Castiel can’t help but be slightly flattered
“Furthermore, if you continue to object, I'd ask that you not join us at dinner, or for the rest of the evening.”
Dean sighs, wondering why they want to butter him up. He thought he was in for a lecture but they wouldn’t bring him to his favorite diner to make him feel shitty, right?
Castiel’s not sure which of them sets the pace as they leave the patio, but it’s not fast, almost so they can take their time strolling down the middle of the street. Holding hands.
“Dean, m’gonna come.” Cas all but whines against Dean’s lips and it sends shivers through him to know he’s got Cas so wrecked.
They walk around the park, hand in hand, Pug trotting between them. Dean dressed him in his new rainbow hoodie, bought special for the cooling weather and his tail flips with happiness as they enter the park. The usual street performer tips his fedora but doesn’t stop singing his show tunes, Dean humming along as they walk by.
Castiel tips their glasses together this time and shoots it back first, grimacing at the taste before taking a few big swallows of beer. Dean does the same and watches Cas’ throat work and he almost forgets to swallow, until Cas puts his glass down and snaps Dean out of his daze.
“God, you're gorgeous,” Castiel tells him as Dean sucks his cock into his mouth. Dean's sinful mouth sucks Castiel down, taking every drop of come and his eyes are locked on Castiel as he does it. Castiel enjoys sliding his softening cock in and out of Dean's mouth for a moment before he notices Dean's eyes taking on a hint of desperation.
It took him two years to finish but after a few years of not being able to get it published, Castiel put the idea away for good and that’s in no way indicative of how Claire’s career aspirations will turn out.
Castiel has to lick his lips before he answers, and Dean’s hot breath cools them and it makes him shiver in ways he thought long gone.
“We’d probably break the Internet if we ever came out,” Cas muses, blue eyes sparkling under the twinkly lights. “That might be fun.”
Bobby turned and pointed at Sam and Jo, shock painted on their faces. “And you two, trust your brother. He’s a grown man and he can make his own decisions. Your only job is to back him up.” He looked around the kitchen. “If we’re done here, I’d like to take your mama home now, that all right with you three?”
Sleep comes with Cas using Dean's stomach as a pillow, Dean's hand carded through his hair. He can't believe this is his life, especially looking at the man in his arms, a man who says he loves Dean and fuck, how is this Dean's fucking life?
A picture of Dean's own grey sheets, rumpled at the foot of his bed; long, muscular legs sprawled out on top.
“Well, the flannel was nice,” Cas replies, like its nothing. “But you’ll be much more comfortable in short sleeves.” If it’s nothing, why won’t he stop glancing at Dean’s bare arms?
“You think he’s hot, he thinks you’re hot. This isn’t rocket science, Dean. Just call the guy.” Sam sounds annoyed with him and Dean wonders when he got so smart.
Groaning at the sight of the crowded bar, Dean decides to wait it out and finds an empty pub table to lean against. He brushes off the maroon and silver confetti before he rests his elbows on the tabletop, phone in hand. A new notification tells him he has a text from Emma.
“But there is, Dean.” Cas’ voice is soft and it makes Dean’s heart beat harder. “I just—everyone was talking about prom and—I had to get out of there.”
He has to kiss Cas after he shrugs on his black jacket because goddamn, his soon to be husband is hot, and Dean tells him so before he lets Cas go.
The crickets songs blend with the hum of the frogs as they walk together under the big sycamore trees. They’re walking close to campus so the city sounds are quiet, occasional honks cutting through the sound muffled by the trees. It’s nice, the space they share, the way it moves and wraps around them and Castiel forgets they’re in the middle of Manhattan, let alone a crowded park.
Karamo leans back and gives the car an appreciative once over. “Yes, Castiel, this baby is made for a powerful man,” he exclaims with a silly grin and a clap of his hands.
“Just stop, please. I can’t—okay?” Cas’ eyes are still shut and his brow is furrowed. Dean tilts his head up and tries to kiss the lines smooth. “Can you just—can we just—”
of Amazon.” Dean chuckles and continues his stories. Included in them all night is how Dean knows the person, be it by delivery or type of dog they have. It explains how a lot of people he’s met have recognized Castiel as the man with the pig for a pet.
When Dean puts the guitar down and takes Castiel in his arms, there’s not a single thing in the world that could make him want anything else.
Now that he’s standing, Castiel can admire him in his suit, his legs long and bowed, his waist trim, his shoulders broad and thick. His fingers are still captivating as he closes his jacket before smoothing it down. He looks incredible; flawless and confident.
It's been almost a year since they’ve spoken and yet, his dad doesn't hesitate to start in on Dean like no time has passed at all.
“I watched you earlier today, with Maura,” Cas confesses into the small space between them. “You and Sam were talking on the porch and she was in your arms and I found myself wondering what it would be like if it were
“Think you can come on my cock?” Cas asks, his voice dark. Fuck, Dean doesn’t know if he can but he wants to try. A for effort and all that.
Hot Guy chuckles against Dean’s jaw and pulls him away from the door. “Isn’t that half the fun of it, though?” His hands slip up and under Dean’s flannel to push it and Dean’s jacket off his shoulders in one move, and his clothes crumple to the ground as Dean gets pushed until the back of his legs hit a bed that he can’t help but sit down on as his shirt gets yanked off too.
“He comes in often, more now that he has more free time, and the kids just love him and his games,” her voice is full of pride with a hint of fierceness around the edges. “Cas is family here, just as much as all my teachers.” They reach a wooden classroom door, this one covered in the four colors of the four Hogwarts Houses, a different color for each corner, each House seal in the middle.
“Hey Dean,” Sam is stacking firewood and has a contemplative look on his face. Dean can see the chick flick moment starting. He waits for Sam to continue.
drunk, and he’s close enough to be eyeing the cigarette between Donna’s fingers tonight. He’s been feeling way too third wheel-ish for his comfort as Donna flirts and yup, they’re making out so that’s Dean’s cue to head back to his dorm.
“So you went out and became a big, bad architect and had yourself a coupla kids. Not bad, Cas.” Dean presses his shoulder into Cas’. Cas leans right back.
“My father preferred we read and pretty much let us read anything we wanted. We don’t even own a TV at home. I’m equally surprised that you’ve never read Harry Potter, it’s very popular.”
“Charlie, I’m sorry. Really.” Dean reaches across the table to squeeze her hand before turning to Sam. “I’m not avoiding you guys, I promise.”
Castiel flicks his eyes down to the envelope and sees his name before looking back at his guest with a wry smile. “Thank you,” he replies as he takes the envelope in his hands.
It’s almost tender when the guy's hand slips from Dean’s hair to cup his cheek, before he’s swiping a thumb over Dean’s lips. Dean can't help it when he leans into the touch.
Their silence stretches as long as the road in front of them. Castiel watches the stripes of yellow paint on the asphalt breaking every other second. It’s mesmerizing and together with the hum of the car, Castiel almost drifts off. He’s wide awake when Dean takes his hand and laces their fingers together. Dean pulls their hands into his lap, his thumb rubbing up and down Castiel’s own.
Dean grabbed Sam as they passed by, and shoved him outside before locking the door. He laughed as Sam pounded on the door, demanding that Dean let him back in. Dean walked into the kitchen to give Ellen a kiss and offer up his services.
Dean underestimates the crowd's response to him coming back out of the dugout. He knows what’s on the line, of course he does, but as the roaring grows with each step he takes towards the mound, Dean’s blown away by the show of support, so loud the ground shakes beneath his feet.
They’re back at Dean’s and he invites her up for coffee but she declines, pointing at the Lyft sitting at the curb.
There’s a half-finished piece propped against the wall that Castiel can’t stop looking at; an open landscape of Washington Square Park, the arch and fountain the only thing painted, the rest still being sketched. Dean is incredibly skilled.
Cas responds with a breathy moan, a tug on Dean’s hair, and a roll of his hips. “Yeah, yeah Dean,” he pants against Dean’s lips. Cas’ hands shake as he rolls them to their sides, keeping one in Dean’s hair and shoving the other between them, pushing both their sweats down as quick as he can without having to stop the kissing.
Jimmy’s certainly dressed for the office, his three piece suit sharp and meant to enhance his confidence in front of board rooms, selling ad space to men who pay his company a lot of money for their services. His career has made Jimmy a rich man, even by New York’s high standards and seeing him here, in this place—it’s clear he’s uncomfortable; he wears it in the rigidness of his shoulders and the way his eyes drift around but don’t really see anything.
Cas loves him, and they’re gonna get married. Dean doesn’t know when, hell he doesn’t even care when, but he knows for sure it’s gonna happen
The path slopes down and after a curve or two, Dean bursts through the trees into a slight clearing, only to be yanked into another kiss. Cas is laughing as he nips at Dean’s lips and before he can get a good hold on him, Cas is slipping through his fingers again and back into the brush.
“How you doin’ baby? You've been quiet all morning.” Ellen closed the cabinet she had just filled with mugs.
His hair is Cheshire pink and his smile curls like the crafty cat when he notices Castiel watching him and he bounces his eyebrows before he’s back on his bike. He’s halfway down the street, before Castiel can shake himself from the spell the man cast.
Castiel drained a nice chunk of his savings having the work rushed; the inventory stored and the space emptied and gutted, completely redone both upstairs and down.
Sam looks like he desperately wants to say something but Dean throws the lock shut on his slider and brushes past where his brother stands at the foot of his bed.
in freckles, just fucking drenched in them and Dean kinda gets why Cas is so into them. They're… delicate. His freckles give him a softness that he doesn't understand, but the thought falls away and his breath quickens when Cas catches Dean admiring himself.
Castiel shakes his head. “I flew over it but I doubt that counts.” He takes another pull off the cigarette still dangling from his fingers between them.
Dean takes it with a shaking hand, and instantly recognizes his mom’s messy handwriting, spelling out D-E-A-N.
Claire brightens at his offer. “Thanks uncle, I’ll give it to you when I’m done. In fact, I think I’ll grab another cup of coffee and go work on it while this guy naps.”
He was taking his first class a week later. And he fucking liked it. But Dean’s not an idiot, he negotiated his continued attendance with the promise that Charlie never,
Dean figures it doesn’t really matter since he’ll be gone, not to mention he’s been expecting this for years anyways, so he just shrugs in response.
Sam and Jo looked at each other and at least had the decency to look a little ashamed. Ellen gathered Dean up in a hug, only letting him go to pour everyone refills.
Sunday Night Trivia and they get a gift certificate for a free round of bacon and beer the next time they visit. Dean thinks it might be cool to bring Sam and Charlie. Shit, between all the couples, he’s gonna have to let Sam drive the Impala while him and Cas take the bike. He tells Cas his plan while they walk around Downtown Berkeley, holding hands and window shopping, the sun setting behind them.
“If you're trying to take my mind off of tonight's dinner, it's working.” Castiel sounded strained and Dean reveled in it.
Dean can't wait to get his tongue in Cas, but he frowns when Cas skips the part where Dean gets to rim him, instead only teasing Dean by bending over him to wet his cock with that perfect mouth again. Always an opportunist, Dean doesn't hesitate to lean up so he can at least touch Cas, and he loves the way Cas whines when Dean’s hands slide over his firm ass, his thumbs already brushing his rim because Dean can't help himself. He gasps when he finds Cas already prepped, his thumb slipping inside with no resistance, a sight that makes Dean whine and slap playfully at Cas’s luscious thigh. “Greedy babe, lettin’ me sleep through the fun part.”
The song spent ten weeks in the number one spot on the charts and twenty-four weeks in the top ten. It was the song that catapulted the band from good to great. After that, it was all headline tours and months on the road. Castiel is proud of Dean and his success and the thought he might have played even a small part of that always makes him feel warm. When Dean sent him the album before it was released and he read the last line of the dedication Dean wrote, his heart felt fit to burst.
Anytime he'd finish a task, Bobby would find Dean up in the attic going over the new additions to the room, intent to make sure Castiel’s new work space was perfect. Bobby had finished everything he needed to do the morning before but Dean spent much of the night making sure all the drawers were organized correctly, making adjustments where he saw fit.
Cas rolls his eyes but indulges Dean, standing and grabbing his hands. Dean’s head spins as he lifts himself up, stumbling into Cas. One firm arm wraps around his waist and he presses into Cas, breathing in the smell of nicotine and green apple. Cas waits until Dean is steady on his feet to let him go.
Dean’s eyes follow Novak’s gaze without his consent and from where he’s sitting, he can see everything happening under Novak’s desk. His legs are thrown open again, and he’s sporting a sizeable erection, his shorts, again, leaving nothing to the imagination. Dean curses silently as he watches Novak slide his hand down and pull up the hem of his shirt, revealing taut abs. He’s sweeping his fingers over his stomach in a slow drag and Dean wishes it was his tongue tasting that sweet skin instead.
Emma always makes a damn fine argument. She waves at him in the rear view until he turns off their street and Dean swears, he’s gonna fix this. Emma’s support is all he needs.
They’re all talking at once, Emma signing with a flurry of her hands, Mary running through everyone’s legs and by the time Dean gets to him, his little brother is crying and grabbing him for a tight hug. When they all turned into such criers, Dean has no idea but this seems a great enough reason.
“Jeez, Dean-o, at least after we’ve spent the morning humping, we have enough class to take a shower,” Meg states, her arms crossing over her chest.
When he reaches the bar, he tips the bartender an extra five to pass the note with the drink he buys the guy, after Dean confirms it’s him. Hot Guy doesn’t notice Dean as Dean watches the bartender make his delivery and Dean plays it as cool as he can when the bartender gestures towards him, and hot Guy glances up.
“Good evening, professor,” he teases and Dean sucks on the line of his throat. “I thought we were having dinner.”
The sun is beating down on him and Dean’s feelin’ it, sweat dripping down his brow. His hat is doing a hell of a job, but still, Dean sighs as he walks off the mound to take a minute before the next guy comes up. He pulls his hat off and wipes his sweaty brow with the back of his arm before settling it back on his head, using his other gloved hand to help. He still has to squint against the sun when he climbs back to the top of the pitcher's mound to wind up for the next catcher in line.
The waitress takes both their menus as she heads back inside to put in their order. Dean leans back in his seat, intertwining his legs with Cas’ under the table. He’s never one to turn away the opportunity for a little footsie. Cas tilts his head to the sun, eyes closed, a small smile on his face, content with the moment. He’s distracted by a flurry of movement, his eyes opening to see Dean swatting away a small honey bee that’s buzzing around his head. The little bee lands on the edge of the table, walking slowly. Cas watches as Dean grabs his napkin and raises it, ready to strike.
Cas rolls his eyes but doesn’t let Dean go. “You look handsome as well, my love. The sun did a number on your freckles today.” Anticipation dances in his blue eyes. “So many new ones to count.”
She poured them both a shot of Patron and held up her glass. “To the future Mr. and Mr. Winchester!” She paused. “Winchester-Novak? Novak-Winchester?”
Dean kissed him and Castiel can’t believe it. His laughter rings out in the empty store, a sharp thing, a surprise even to him as it echoes about the room, disbelief in audio form.
“When am I not?!” Before Dean can retort, Sam snaps his fingers. “Shit, I almost forgot.” Grinning, he reaches up to free a leather cord that's tucked under his shirt, pulling it free from his long hair and presenting it to Dean proudly. “You can have this back now.”
“Jimmy, come on,” Castiel interrupts, not wanting to be misunderstood. “I’m not trying to pick a fight, I promise. But it is the truth.” It was all Castiel could think about as he read the journals. “Please just do me a favor and read these. I don’t think we’ll be too far apart on this once you’re done.” He looks down at his hands. “I hope not, anyway.”
Dean stays burrowed and gives a muffled reply. Cas nudges his chin against the top of Dean’s head, encouraging him to turn his face and speak clearly. Dean does, rubbing his eyes with both hands.
It’s with shining eyes that Cas looks at Dean after taking all the ornaments out and laying them across the coffee table. “You kept them. All of them.”
He slides back into Cas in one smooth roll, snapping his hips and Cas groans into the sheets, pushing back for more. Dean holds him tight and fucks Cas fast and dirty, reaching down to pull Cas up by his hair. He remembers all the teasing Cas did this week and his hips move faster, punching out noise after dirty noise from Cas.
Looking between them, Dean realizes that it's no kind of secret at all, that he and Cas are together, that they might be more than just best friends; enough so that Dean might need a ring.
“You’ve gotta be shitting me.” Jo snatched up the box and opened it, gasping at the ring inside. “When the fuck did you get this, Dean?”
Dean sleeps like a baby, the deep, booze fueled kind of sleep that keeps him under until the morning comes. He tries to ignore the wrongness at first, as his brain comes back online, but it’s hard when the sun is shining so brightly on the other side of his eyelids.
Later, when Cas is naked, other than Dean’s sleeveless hoodie, unzipped and showing off his hot bod, he’s dancing to moves he demanded Dean show him, queuing up a Zumba playlist he found online. Dean lies on his stomach and watches Cas roll his hips, only pausing to take another hit off his pipe before he passes it back to Dean. He smokes but bursts out laughing when Cas stumbles as he squints at the YouTube video playing a Zumba class, his glasses askew as he glares at the screen like it personally insulted him.
They stumble back into the bar area laughing and wrapped around each other. Dean covers Cas’ erection with his body, keeping Cas molded against his back and under his cape. Dean doesn’t need any gawkers on the way home scoping his boyfriends ass. Which, by the way, Dean hasn’t been able to keep his hands off of all night but it can’t be helped, the way it peeks out of the bottom of Cas’ skirt, his fucking art on the back of his thighs making Dean want to drop to his knees and fuck, the things those heels do to Cas’ legs. And now that Dean knows what’s underneath...
Cas lifts Dean’s hand and kisses his knuckles as he closes his own around them, holding them against his lips, sighing. He says, “It’s going to be alright.”
The light that shone from the kitchen, filtering through the door left ajar, was dim but appeared to be brighter and ever so welcoming. Dean didn’t bother to turn the lights on, his fingers merely brushing against the switch without actually pressing the toggle, leaving it be. The short journey was familiar, he could walk it by memory - down the stairs and right ahead, no real impediments obstructing the passage - his shoes leaving wet prints behind him, belatedly trailing his path. With the shopping bags still in his hands, his fingers clutching the cloth handles so tightly that his knuckles had turned white, while the apple juice was moving in its bottle making a series of
Dean nods. “Fast asleep in his room. Went to bed rather late because we were watching comedy sketches for children. One leads to another.”
One day, Dean will leave. They are friends though in the intricacies of life it always seemed as if there was a different category, perfectly sealed off from everyone else, friends and the two of them, and in his dreams, sometimes, this odd friendship transmutes into something, gaining clarity and he allows himself to
There’s an intercom now, small, close to the door. It’s stupid when the whole point is anonymity, but useful if they did indeed manage to transform the bunker into a meeting point for hunters: people coming and going and the whole place alive and filled as it was destined to be. Stupid it may be, too shiny and new to look forgotten, but serving the purpose and he presses it without over thinking the simple gesture too much.
Reluctantly plodding the ground, the distant past clearer than the immediate one. Years that are long gone come back in flashes and echoes, glimpses of a life that finally feels like his own, but the last moments in the Empty feel like a bad dream. He remembers almost none of it, he remembers feeling cold and being half asleep and eternally tired with no motivation to even think about going back - a pestering disappointment once more. An all but peaceful sleep and then Dean’s voice, distant and dreamlike, calling his name. A voice from another world. It sounded like a prayer, lacking the usual perception of longing, a foreign sound distorted by either love or grief, perhaps even anger and rage. So similar to a myth or an old-wives tale narrated in front of the fireplace, transmitted from one generation to the other, offering the means of exploring secret dreams and deepest anxieties. He remembers the feeling of Dean’s hand in his, so real, his palm warm and sweaty and callous. The hand of a soldier, capable of violence and tenderness alike. He cannot tell what was real and what wasn’t. Not anymore.
had come out with a snort. They had looked at each other, smirked, and Cas had looked at him with such fondness and love that Dean had been forced to look away, flustered.
Castiel had come back different, changed. A newfound humanity and vulnerability, more guarded and all of his walls up. He was losing his grace and one bad day had followed another, the wait excruciating. And looking at his friend, Dean had been incapable of not wondering whether this new state of things would suit Castiel at all. What if human life was different from what Cas had imagined it to be? Disappointment may have been around the corner, ready to catch them off guard. Suppose Castiel would get tired and bored of all the compromises and would inevitably refuse to tell Dean anything, lacking the courage - one final act of kindness, saving the heartbreak for another time. He refused to subject Cas to a lifetime of misery and regret. There were the kisses and the casual intimacy as time ran away from them, leaving them strangers in their own lives.
It’s too much to take in. They stand there looking at each other, warily. There has to be something affectionate to say, he thinks, something that could potentially start a conversation about their moment in the bunker right before he was taken. Small talk could do too, serve the purpose, break the ice, reveal that they had yet to reach their limits and exhaust all tension and possibilities. He considers taking Dean’s hand, but doesn’t - the risk of showing himself exaggeratedly vulnerable too high. They’ve been through it once already, years ago, he shan’t expose himself as easily and as quickly. Not this time. Too many memories to forget, even the good ones.
His name sounds foreign on Dean's lips, for the first time in years, altered, with a different meaning. His ears may be deceiving him because of his own wishful thinking, but the first part of that sentence! Castiel swallows. New, different and unfamiliar, what a strange and anticipated unexplored territory. He'd never dare do anything, say anything to ruin it. Impose himself and his desires and profound wishes.
“Then I’ll have to tell you now that we gave someone your room. Moved all your stuff into my room so if you’re willing to share.” Dean grins. “I was going to ask you years ago, but… I guess life happened. So will you? Move into my room for the time being?”
A whole new life! The mere idea feels like a reassuring promise. In the infinite time that creates this limbo of not knowing, this purgatory that has him plodding the ground as if atoning for his sins, as comforting as it is, he finds solace and allows it to last a little longer by slowing down, walking with smaller strides. Nothing will change, and the time to be remains balanced on a sensible fulcrum: it’s a realm made of possibilities, it’s the realm of the conjunctive. Any action after the arrival at the bunker will inevitably spoil the delicate moment. Two possibilities then, equally frightening: one, a life of unabridged and unforgotten memories fuelling the heartbreak; two, easily lean back and find the courage to leap feet first into the unknown, no longer a coward, being brave one day after the other for the rest of time.
“We tried to make him stop but… Listen, you’ll find out eventually and I might as well tell you myself. When you… Died. When the Empty took you, I wanted to move on for Jack’s sake. Saving you was a stretch and with everything that happened- Hell, even when I did go into the Empty it didn’t feel real. It wasn’t. Not- I don’t know. Like you raising me from perdition or something. I did lose hope, Cas, thought I’d never see you again. Jack didn’t.”
Still holding Dean's hand, Castiel says, "I've been told to invite you for dinner. On the twenty-fifth. You may bring Sam, we'll be happy to have him. Jack says the more the merrier."
Castiel nods and steps into the bathtub. The water is hot and the surface ripples at such an unexpected movement. Once he gets used to the warmth, he steps inside and sits down, letting his body slide underwater. No noise and a feeling similar to floating. Out of time and space. He exhales through his nose, bubbles travelling to the surface. Relaxing, all tension finally leaving him.
"That's not true," Castiel replies in earnest. He smiles sheepishly, his cheeks flushed and his heart pounding in his chest, looking away from Dean. Then, changing the subject too quickly, he adds, "What are you going to do with the pups?"
“You can take a bath if you want to. As for the clothes, I’ll find you something to wear.” Dean stops. “Jack started to call people buttheads in your absence. God knows where he picked that one up.”
. History in the making. There was no discernible reason why Castiel shouldn’t feel the same way about him. They had always been intimate though neither of them had ever spoken those three syllables out loud. They were friends, someone to last their whole life. A wanted relationship but never defined as if words would inevitably reduce it and diminish its importance or make them realize that they were approaching it wrongly, putting a label on it that hardly fitted. It simply shouldn't have happened like that - oddest timing of all and no time to collect one's thoughts, untangling the mess of feelings and having a chance at expressing the enormity of his own desire.
At first, there’s nothing but mud and trees, the whole world seems to be made of them. A dreary and watery microcosm, distorted by the pounding rain that impairs his vision. Familiar and confusing at once, there is a distant memory of this place, an immediate recollection: Something about it feels like home or is at least distinct enough to have left an impression - months, if not years ago. A car drive and rock music blasting through the speakers, the summer air coming in through the open windows carrying the sweet smell of perennial violets, and a conversation with no real topic to keep track of. A feeling of lightness in his chest, the most treasured feeling of all. Smiles. Nay, perhaps, grins revealing teeth and gums. Words not spoken - out of fear - holding back, but there nonetheless: this truth, so safely kept, that always made him feel raw and exposed, vulnerable, and the awareness, no matter how remote, that there was something, sometimes - gazes held longer than necessary, and lingering touches lasting one moment longer. A well-kept secret, intimidating and fear-inspiring, adding up the surprising and disgusting enormity of his own desire.
The weather too contributes in the creation of a microcosm: if Castiel were at home, then the streets would be found empty and all the houses would have light filtering through the drawn curtains, silence and immobility, the end of the day, people getting ready to go to sleep or taking advantage of the quietness to be alone with their thoughts for another five minutes - sitting in their armchairs with a book, or the day's crosswords, a glass of something as their only company. But he isn't home and there's something about Dean's cottage, away from everything and everyone, if only at night, that makes it feel like a safe space, a different place, a place that likes him as much as he likes it. Warm and welcoming, with its heath fire and ugly tapestry, with the wooden bench that is the only dreg of Dean's job as a glassblower. A time long gone, though Castiel remembers all the many a thousand evenings spent in Dean's company, watching him work - the concentration on Dean's face, his fingers moving skillfully and with care, with infinite patience, to create something new. Hands with a new purpose, creating something rather than destroying it.
Cas. When they decided to really do this, part of blending their families was Dean connecting Cas with Sam and his family. When he learned that Eileen was deaf, Cas started taking sign language classes and he was getting pretty good. Emma was teaching Jack and Claire had enrolled in a sign language elective.
Thinking he might join Sam for a swim after they all have shots, Dean orders more bubbly and a tray of tequila shots and damn, the people here are friendly because the bartender offers to bring the tray over once she fills it and Dean's more than happy to walk away with a few bottles of champagne and not a tray of tequila to balance.
Dean felt Cas’ hardness against his hip and couldn't resist pushing Cas’ boxers down, freeing him. Castiel reciprocated, pulling Dean's cock from his boxer-briefs, gripping him tightly as he worked his hand up and down his length. Dean groaned and leaned forward to mouth at Castiel’s collarbone, then dipped his head to flick his tongue over a nipple. He pulled the dark nub into his mouth and sucked lightly, and a deep moan fell from Cas' lips, the sound echoing in the small confines of the Impala.
Unfortunately for Dean, he has a very pushy best friend and an even pushier brother who won’t let him ignore the rest of the world. Only a few weeks go by before Dean’s ambushed.
He’s never seen a waterfall in real life before. Sure, he’s seen plenty in movies, and in his Costa Rica googling but never did he think he’d get the chance to see one.
Ellen’s special delivery was breakfast sandwiches? Castiel finds that very endearing, especially knowing Dean’s also going over there to help Ellen clean. He declines the refill with a shake of his head and Dean’s gone inside in a flash, tossing their trash in the receptacle by the door before pushing his way inside. The line has shrunk considerably but is still stretched along the front of the building.
Castiel has their dinner’s plated, two hamburgers for them both and a mountain of sweet potato fries between them. Two tumblers of whiskey are served, an expensive looking bottle opened and breathing between the servings.
Dean packs a bag of snack foods: gummy bears (of fucking course), beef jerky, some popcorn, a six pack of beer, and a bag of spinach (because fuck you, Sam). He tucks in the hummus he made the day before with some crackers, knowing Cas is currently obsessed with the stuff. He kept buying it when they were at the store but Dean found a recipe online and insisted on making it fresh for him. This batch was lemon garlic, and he’s excited to see what Cas thinks.
Dean’s staring at him while at the same time, holding a conversation with people Castiel doesn’t recognize. At least Dean’s trying, his mouth creeping into a distracted smile, quirking occasionally as the people around him laugh but never taking his eyes off Castiel.
He goes the long way back through the park so he can visit Donna’s for a cup of tea to take home, now that he’s a little damp around the shoulders from the mist in the air. Pug’s smart to get off the ground and into Castiel’s warm embrace. As he walks, he strokes his fingers down Pug’s back, idly wondering if maybe
He’s pissed but Dean knows the moment his dad sees the ring which has made its way out of Cas’s shirt. Cas knows it too, his hand going up to wrap around the tiny piece of gold, as if John might try to snatch it away.
Castiel grips his gin and tonic and stares out at the New York skyline. From where he stands out on the balcony, he can see the Empire State Building, lit up in orange and blue; the Mets must have won tonight. He sips his drink and notices the difference between his view of the city now compared to a few hours ago on the boat. Then, he felt small, recognizing his place in this big world. Now he’s standing at the top of it and feeling like he’s been afforded the opportunity to do pretty much anything he’d like.
Not leaving the motel room, they spent the weekend in bed, wrapped around each other in every way possible. The talks they had were full of confessions and all the words they weren’t saying and in between those incredible discussions, they made love and
Castiel chooses to ignore that and he takes a bite of his salad, the fresh broccoli crisp and flavorful, the dressing and added cashews a perfect complement to each other. He takes another bite to savor all the flavors as he chews thoughtfully. He casts his eyes at her, wondering what she sees that he doesn’t, especially considering their time together. Is it possible Castiel misconstrued the situation that badly? Or did he just talk himself out of the possibility?
Old apartment. He's gotta get used to not referring to it like he still lives there—not when, as of yesterday, he's officially an American expat.
“Oh, even better, I get to show you around, take you to all the good food spots.” Dean’s eyes keep flicking back to Castiel’s mouth and Castiel swears his cheeks get redder but his voice doesn’t waiver when he drops his tone and leans in. “Good ribs in center field.” He pretends to avoid looking at Pug.
Dean takes the phone back with a roll of his eyes, not even needing to look and see that they’re mostly from his dad. He tucks it into his pocket. “My dad,” he explains. “Practice starts at six-thirty in his world.” Moving closer to the door, Dean ignores the way Cas studies him. He doesn’t want to talk about how his dad has controlled almost all of Dean’s every move growing up, especially after his mom died. No one wants to hear that from their hook up, and they definitely don’t want to know that kind of shit about their new teammate. “It’s not a big deal, I’m used to it. Just got a little distracted last night.” He bounces his eyebrows and eases his face into a smile, just wanting to play it off now.
“She did,” Castiel confirms, a bit taken aback at Dean’s thoughtfulness. It probably shouldn’t surprise him at this point, but he can’t help but be touched. “That was very kind of you.” He puts all the food on the small table that shares the space.
, the minute you go out in it, you’re soaked, your socks are wet, and don’t even get me started on my hair and oh! It’s a total pain in the ass to drive in, too.”
Friday. Dean hates every single minute from the moment his alarm wakes him from a dream where Castiel is slapping his ass while wearing a zorro mask, to the end of his work day when he still hasn’t heard from Novak.
“Lisa, numbnuts! Ellen told me you took her home last night.” Gabriel’s voice is filled with venom. Castiel doesn’t think he’s ever heard him so angry. “You come back, smile your hundred watt grin at Cassie and then leave with her. You’re a real fucking asshole, you know that?”
One of Dean's most prized possessions, a gift from Sam, a few Christmases after their mom left. Their dad was passed out drunk on the couch and if it wasn't for Bobby helping them, they'd have had no gifts to exchange. Dean got Sam a rock tumbling kit after saving his pocket money all year, and Sam had presented him with this as they sat together quietly under the small, hardly decorated Christmas tree John brought home—only on the pretense that Dean take care of everything and “leave him alone about it already.”
and it’s on every single list. What know-it-all Google couldn't have predicted is how both their girls refused to wear the shoes, declaring other people’s feet disgusting. Jack couldn’t find a bowling ball that didn’t hurt his fingers but Cas had already warned Dean that Jack wasn’t having a great day to begin with, citing a fight over undone chores just that morning as the reason.
“Okay, gross, I don’t wanna know. Forget I asked.” Dean will have to have a serious talk with Sam later, make sure he’s using condoms. He changes the subject because— it’s still gross. “Other than that, did the morning go okay?” Dean can’t outright ask if his dad was a total ass, but Jo knows what he means.
Dean nodded. “I appreciate you guys wanting to protect me, I do. But please, trust me. I didn’t exactly shout it from the rooftops, but we’ve spent some time together these last few weeks and I forgot how easy it was just to be near him.” Dean shook his head. “He just—He gets me. He always has. I don’t have to pretend or watch what I say or do, or worry if he is going to judge me or criticize something I enjoy.” He smiled. “Cas always makes me feel like the best version of myself. Isn’t that important?”
Moving to Costa Rica was never in the cards, it wasn't even a blip, until Sam planted the seed, mentioning that his commune was looking for a new music teacher around the same time Dean finished his degree in musical education.
Fuck. Dean excuses himself and goes looking for him. When they were kids, they would spend hours in the livestock tents, looking at all the animals and playing in the petting zoo for as long as they could. Cas loved the rabbits the most and that’s where Dean finds him now, sitting inside the rabbit pen, a big, brown floppy eared rabbit in his lap. Dean watches him stroke one of the rabbit’s ears.
He drags himself to his knees and crawls over to the edge of the mattress, grabbing Cas by the waist. “C’mere, babe,” Dean requests, wanting to feel Cas’ weight on top of him. Cas smirks and slides his hands up Dean’s arms and around the back of his head.
Dean’s mouth has that good soreness he hasn’t felt in ages thanks to the kissing they do between washing each other and talking softly, swapping more stories about their kids and laughing at their antics.
Dean makes a note to keep Cas and Charlie out of the comic book store together for a while. “You’re gonna look great in green tights, Robin,” he says with a kiss to Cas’ pout.
Charlie nods. “Yup. And I don’t know where Cas is, he went off with Meg when we got here.” She points towards the back. “There’s a few bars set up, check those. Bring me back something pink! Oh and Dean!” He pauses and turns back to her. She’s smirking her dangerous smirk. “Cas looks great.”
Cas’ grin is so wide as he shakes his head no, it stretches across his whole face and Dean starts to kiss him as the first fireworks shoot up into the summer sky. The cheer that goes up around the yard makes Mary jerk between them but she settles almost immediately in the warmth between her two uncles, rubbing her cheek against Cas’ chest contentedly.
Sam rolls his eyes and grabs the pipe, taking another hit. “And you have terrible taste in men, Cas.” He blows the white smoke out with a wicked grin. Cas just laughs.
“Hmm is that so? Well it fits, you're pretty weird.” Dean laughed as Cas pinched his side. “But you're my kinda weird.”
It must work because Dean straightens and hefts up the basket. “Hey, I can’t fuckin’ wait to go outside, I’m excited, I’m ready, what are we waiting for?”  His smile is cheeky and he’s still sleep mused in one of Castiel’s hoodies and even as Castiel shakes his head at him, he can’t help but love Dean so,
interested than usual. His eyes pause on the bedside table Cas uses; Cas’ glasses and his pipe sit next to a half drank glass of water from the night before.
With the touch of his hand, Cas moaned loudly, shamelessly. Dean stroked him faster, swiping his thumb over the head of Cas’ cock with every other slide of his hand. Dean's hand was slick with Cas’ pre-come, and Cas’ strokes were becoming erratic. Dean grabbed Cas’ wrist with his free hand and pulled Cas’ arm up to his own shoulders. At Dean's encouragement, Cas wrapped both arms around Dean’s neck, burying his face in Dean's shoulders, biting and sucking bruises there, making Dean his.
Nevermind that his dad never showed up today. Not that Dean expected him to, but sometimes miracles happen. It's not every day your son gets drafted to the Major Leagues, but John hasn't darkened the bar’s doorway in months, so Dean wasn't too worried about it.
They lean together and kiss as the coffee percolates, the sound of the boiling water hissing and spitting as it brews. Their kisses are soft and steady, warm and the kind of comfort Dean didn’t know he needed until he was getting it.
“And the kitchen is gorgeous, I think it’s my favorite room,” Karamo tells Bobby who nods in agreement. “I think we can call this one a success!”
Cas hangs the last ornament and steps back to admire their handiwork. It must be to his satisfaction as he nods and lays down on the couch, pulling Dean down with him. Dean settles between his legs, grabbing Cas’ thighs and wrapping them around his waist. He squeezes and kneads at one of Cas’ socked feet and Cas sighs and wiggles his toes.
“Met Cas at the end of our Freshman year and I was days away from dropping out of college.” Dean’s voice over continues as they watch the friends play. “School kinda sucked for me, ironic since I’m a teacher now, and I didn’t think I could cut it. Long story short, Cas convinced me to stay, we became roommates and the rest is history.”
Dean’s leaning over his desk to try to get his thoughts straight when his door opens and closes. Dean hears the lock slide into place and he turns and shoves Castiel against the door, pulling on the tie that matches the waistcoat and fuck, Dean wants him. He bites into the curve of Castiel’s neck and Castiel groans deep before Dean slaps a hand over his mouth. Blue eyes dance as Novak nips at Dean’s hand.
kiss Cas the way he wants to, the way he’s wanted to all day, since he heard his name being said over the broadcast, since he heard Cas’s name too, all day longing and waiting for this very moment.
“—and Sam is going to take one home. One for my office and the rest, I’ll give to a few co-workers. It was for a good cause!”
his lovely space and there is quite a large party going on around it. No, instead, they find him in a homemade sling, wrapped around Ash’s chest while he walks around, ever the consummate host. Pug boosts his popularity up to eleven and when Castiel and Dean find them, it’s clear the two of them are having quite a good time.
Castiel shuffles out of his room and to the kitchen, only to find another post-it stuck to the coffee pot.
Another cut to Castiel, a face splitting grin on his face, his tie loosened and his previously styled hair wild and flying in the wind. “You guys can pause this and open the other package now.”
Dean kissed him. Castiel can still feel the pressure of Dean’s lips against his, the way Dean smiled, the way his breath hitched in his throat—it’s all just… overwhelming. Mindlessly, Castiel strips down to his white boxers, tossing his clothes into the hamper before crawling between his sheets, his thoughts still down in the store and under the beams of the porch light and the way they made Dean’s hair glow warm and his lips shine.
They all fall asleep there, the temptation too great, the soft twinkling lights of their tree lulling Dean to sleep first, his soft snores startling Castiel out of the light doze he was in. He listens to Dean breathe for a few minutes, Castiel’s body relaxing as Dean’s does, his eyelids growing heavier and the time between his blinks getting longer.
“I was stuck on a new idea and thought I’d try and clear my,” he chuckles and looks down. “Head. Thought you’d enjoy the show.” His smirk is teasing. “As a thank you, be good for me and don’t touch yourself this week. I’ll make sure you get what you need on Friday.” Castiel’s eyes darken. “I’ll be seeing you, Professor.”
Castiel’s twin insisted on formality and the green tie Dean wore to dinner is loose and hanging half open, the cartoon dogs wearing Santa hats printed on it making Castiel smile just like they did all night. It looked like Jimmy wanted to comment when he saw it, but Castiel appreciated his brother’s attempt at civility when he didn’t.
“Made you guys somethin’.” Dean leans over to take a small, folded, black cloth from his back pocket. He puts his sandwich to the side a bit before he unfolds it. Castiel can’t imagine what Dean has or even why, but he always feels like that anytime Dean brings him something new. Anticipation curls in his stomach.
“Are you our little Kit Cat?” He murmurs so as not to startle her and the kitten responds by lurching forward to bump her forehead to Castiel’s with a scratchy meow that melts into a sweet purr and when Castiel raises his eyes to Dean’s, he realizes they’re brimming with tears. “Yes, I believe that’s her name,” he chokes out around his smile. Castiel brings Kit close to his chest. “Thank you for bringing her into our family, Dean.”
They manage a nap before the Christmas phone calls begin and that keeps them busy for a while, both their brothers calling to chat; Sam’s twins to show off their hauls and Claire to talk their ears off about Aspen. They surprise her with her present from both of them: admission to a writing workshop held by the New York Library and hosting authors and publishers who share everything they know over the course of four days. Castiel's concerned with his phone speakers and the potential damage Claire's screaming might have caused. Jimmy shoots them a thumbs up before they're all wishing each other a Happy Christmas and hanging up their call.
Why not elope instead? Neither of them care much about a big wedding, and while it might suck not to have everyone there, they can throw a party when they get back to Kansas or something.
“Thanks,” he breathes out, licking his lips and watching Cas do the same, their eyes coming back up to meet again, Cas’ hand warm in his and the silence of the night they’re sharing only interrupted by the sound of their shoes shifting against dirty concrete as they make their way closer to one another.
They’re deep blue, a blue Dean’s only seen in photographs of exotic oceans, a blue Dean never knew was a real color. Staring into them, that exhilarating feeling from last night returns, and there’s absolutely nothing Dean can do when Cas steps even closer, circling his thumb and forefinger around Dean’s wrist.
Maybe that’s Castiel’s favorite of all the photos. A close second is the one where he and Dean happened to glance at each other. The camera captured the way Castiel felt in the moment, full of love for the man beside him, for giving Castiel so much to be grateful for and in the photo, Dean is looking at Castiel the exact same way.
Ever since the store opened, their lives have been non stop. First Halloween, and Dean insisting that their family costume match the Harry Potter themed Halloween party they held at the store for their customers. Dean found some test online that “sorted” them into their houses and at first he had protested when sorted into Gryffindor, telling Castiel he considered himself a Hufflepuff but he had conceded after Castiel used several compelling examples as to why Dean was clearly a Gryffindor, highlighting his lifelong courage despite his circumstances and of course, the endless chivalry he displays daily not just at home, but around the Village as well.
“You’re welcome, babe!” Dean waits to hear the front door close and the rumble of the Impala before he jumps out of bed, throwing on jeans and a Royals hoodie before jogging down the stairs. Bobby is expecting him in thirty, which is why Cas took the Impala; Dean needed his truck to move his present back to the house.
When he’s laying in bed later, staring at his ceiling and enjoying the sound of the city and Pug’s quiet snores from his pillow bed in the corner, Castiel can’t help but be grateful, despite his disagreement with his brother. It feels good to be back, it feels
my story is basically a version of them but they’re badass ladies. The only thing about the original stories that I can’t stand is all the
Dean’s phone rings in his hand, Cas’ name glowing from the screen after Dean programmed it in. Might as well be optimistic. Dean chugs the rest of his beer before answering.
Dean isn’t helpful because all he wants to do is take pictures and videos and eventually, Castiel just gives up and makes himself another cup of tea. He’s enjoying it and one of Dean’s old Vonnegut books, his collection well worn from the many re-reads Dean’s confessed to. There’s a pot of chili simmering on the stove that Dean prepped for dinner and it smells delicious and their home is warm and full of delightful noise and Castiel’s never been happier.
“I like this black button up on you, it’s very flattering,” Cas says, his eyes looking Dean up and down.
of us.” He kisses him again, and again, as many times as he can to keep that smile on Cas’ face. “You and us, darlin’,” he whispers, confesses, his heart open for Cas. “Long as you’ll have me.”
Their hotel has a Brazilian Steakhouse that also has a tequila bar and the room they rented for dinner is incredible, fancy as fuck, and one of the best dinners Dean’s ever eaten. Nothing beats an All-You-Can-Eat option. Plus, Cas loves tequila and he gets handsy as fuck when he drinks it. And they’ve already been drinking it most of the day. He practically sits in Dean’s lap while they ride to the chapel in one of the town cars they hired to get them around tonight.
Dean rolls his eyes and pulls a can of coke from the fridge, filling two glasses with ice and whiskey, adding a splash of soda to each. He goes to Cas, plucking the smoke from his lips. Dean takes a drag and blows the smoke out the window, stubbing it out before he helps Cas finish the dishes.
“So you’re the one responsible for the noise that’s been interrupting my beauty sleep. I’m over three hundred years old, it’s no longer optional,” she raises an eyebrow at him but she smiles and Castiel thinks he either heard wrong or he heard
Dean stares at his reflection for the first time in a while. He huffs out a laugh because, well, he looks like he’s been having sex all night. The flush is still riding high on his cheeks and his hair is fuckin’ wrecked, sticking up in the back from Cas’ hands. His neck is littered with little red marks and he presses at them, wondering how long they’ll take to fade. He secretly hopes it takes a while.
Dean opens his messaging app and taps his phone against his forehead, hoping something witty comes to him.
He removes his suit and stuffs all his clothes into the laundry bag, leaving it outside the door. In the morning, he'll have a freshly laundered suit to wear home.
“You know too much about that crappy band, Cas.” Dean drops his head to Cas’ shoulder as his arms wrap around Dean’s waist. “Elvin Bishop kills that guitar solo though.”
“No, no, not a Yankees fan. My uncle was,” Castiel nods, remembering. “And maybe it was the natural rebel in me, but I had to root for the other local team. We used to enjoy going to games when they played each other,” he muses. It’s been a very long time since Castiel’s talked about his uncle and he’s enjoying himself, especially when his audience seems to hang on his every word. It makes him brave and he gathers his courage, holding Dean’s hand a little tighter. “Maybe we could go to a game together, when the season starts.”
“Your other coats were hideous, but that’s just because they were frumpy and stiff and just plain sad.” He looks between the two garments. “But these, these lovely jackets are mature, and professional, and they’re going to
Dean’s relieved when Cas walks him to the mound. The crowd is relentless, the music pounding in Dean’s ears as the team takes the field, everyone determined to finish this, and watch Dean chase history. His heart wants out, the way it’s throwing itself around in Dean’s chest, and he keeps his eyes focused on the red clay mound as he goes up and turns to face Cas.
They don’t say much after that, but the silence between them is comfortable. Dean can’t think of anyone he’s ever been with that didn’t fill the silence with chatter. Even more striking? Neither of them needs to. There’s no uncomfortable distance or awkwardness left to have, after you’ve bared your dumb heart and soul through public performance, and Dean’s just happy to be here, content to enjoy the moment, holding Cas’s hand under the trees.
Castiel had showed up on his doorstep around midnight, with his ripped pants, open combat boots, tight black shirt, and smudged eyeliner and Dean can’t remember much after that. It was all flying limbs and wet mouths for the rest of the night. Dean left him in bed to make it to an early faculty meeting and it’s obvious now that Castiel never went home, considering it’s Dean’s basketball shorts he’s wearing.
After that, Dean strikes out the second batter with four pitches, perfect arrows that are only meant for Cas's glove, thrown so precisely the batter has no idea what happened when Dean’s finished.
A tinkling bell announces his arrival to 6th Street Cafe and it relieves Castiel to see at least one menu board over the counter dedicated to tea. A glass case displays row after row of baked goods; croissants in different flavors like chocolate and almond, scones bursting with fruit, and a large assortment of donuts, powdered sugar being the dominant flavor.
She hides her face behind her hair as they stand to leave. Dean holds his hand out to help her up and she takes it, bouncing to her feet.
Bobby hitches a thumb over his shoulder and towards the crowd. “Tell her yourself, she’s in there somewhere with Jody.” He chuckles when Dean’s eyes widen and Dean puts some pressure into his touch to encourage Castiel to get moving. He waves his goodbye clumsily at Bobby and they’re only steps away when Bobby calls out to stop them.
“I’m talking like, a real juicy scandal—dick pics, maybe or ooh! A sex tape.” He wiggles his eyebrows.
Pug snoring faintly in his corner of the room, Castiel replays their time together, from the moment he saw him across the square when Dean’s pink hair made Castiel think of a frosted donut, the sweetness of it something he can remember almost tasting. Their day goes on in Castiel’s head, from Dean’s endearing stories to the way he bonded with Claire from the start and it’s enjoyable, thinking of their day together, of the laughter they shared and the occasional stolen looks.
“Ok, little man, it’s cool buddy,” Dean coos and Castiel can’t help but fall a little harder. “You slept through breakfast, dude, sorry.” Pug is trying to get into the crook of Dean’s neck and Dean supports him the rest of the way with a hand on his little rump. “Don’t worry, Donna packed you a piggie bag, yes she did.” He grins up at Cas and wiggles his eyebrows. “Get it? Piggie bag?”
Dean’s phone vibrating between them is like a tidal wave of ice water breaking them apart. Castiel makes a grab for it but Dean beats him, silencing the alarm reminding him of the next meeting he has to go to this morning, this one for the mid-term student mixer he’s overseeing.
The sorrow in Cas’s voice is louder than over the sound of the falls as he talks about Kelly, and when she first arrived in Costa Rica. Another expat, Kelly was coming from a high-pressure job in D.C. that she didn’t like to talk about. She was also eight months pregnant.
Cas hasn’t missed one of those since they’ve been together and Dean talks about her sometimes, so it’s not like he doesn’t know Mary, but this is different to Dean.
“He’s worked for me for many years.” The man takes a drink of his own amber liquid, the ice rolling in the glass.
Tonight. Tonight. Tonight. It’s like a bucket of ice water being dumped on his head when Cas confirms their time limit out loud. It’s not like Dean didn’t know it was coming, real life is a bitch, but damn, hearing it like that sucks. And it’s gonna suck when Cas leaves again to go back to Chicago.
Sam ignores him. “You'd still be in San Jose waiting for me. The road I needed to take washed out during last night's storm,” he informs Dean, all matter of fact about it too.
Cas is so hard under his shorts and Dean wants him but it’s getting fucking hot inside the car and he has an air conditioned bed he can take Cas apart in right above his head. Dean shoves the door open with a moan, pulling them both out. Cas pushes him against the door of the Impala, biting his exposed collar bone and ripping his tank off.
Dean’s house, while the perfect size for him and Emma, just wouldn’t fit a family of five, even with Claire in the dorms most of the time. Luckily they had time and with it, they found the perfect, six bedroom farmhouse. It was an awesome find, built in the fifties but completely renovated by the last owner, a fellow architect Cas knew from school, as it turned out.  All the kids could have their own rooms with enough left over for an office and a guest room. There was a big wrap-around porch and an enormous double garage, big enough to park their cars on one side and use the other as a workshop for Dean and to set up a workbench for Jack and his robots and other random projects.
The next batter hits into an easy pick up by their shortstop who throws it to first base for the third out and just like that, the team is heading back to the dugout, Cas feeling really good about the inning Dean threw. His pitch count is still low, hovering in the mid fifties, and Cas knows without a doubt Dean’s got a ton of heat left in his arm.
“She what! Jess is the reason you came out here. What the hell happened?” Dean can’t believe what he’s hearing.
Some of the best times of Dean’s life were on Halloween when Sam was a kid. Their dad never gave a shit what they were up to, long as they were home before midnight. For years, Dean dressed up right along with Sam, the two of them spending the weeks leading up making costumes from shit around the house, or stuff they found in Bobby’s collection of weird.
and together they sit, the pie between them as they laugh and fight over the size of the pieces Cas is eating, Dean complaining they’re “oversized” and that Cas is “taking all the good pieces of apple.”
“You’re perfect,” he resumes his pressure. “You’re everything I need.” Castiel is getting desperate. “I’m going to open you up now, may I?”
Dean hums and pulls his mouth off Cas’ thick cock, licking around the head wetly, dipping his tongue into Cas’ slit and Cas’ hips jerk and he spreads his thighs open wider. Dean strokes down his length and cups his balls, pulling them with the pressure he knows Cas likes.
. We talked about loss, and what it meant to lose his parents and how really, it’s been the two of you for a long time, is that right?”
no place for a pig and thinking Dean of all people should know that. Dean assured him he had it handled and took Castiel over himself to show off the custom Pug pen he made. It was set up in the space Dean used to share with Ash and Jo, Castiel getting his first real look at the loft space. It’s split into two halves, one side with privacy curtains hung to cover their beds but the rest of the area open and filled with projects and canvases and Ash’s wares and Jo’s records and it’s much more an artist's loft than anything else but Dean didn’t have any complaints about living there and he still works out of the space, from time to time. Castiel’s converted basement doesn’t have the proper airflow for some of his painting and he does his large canvas work out of this space primarily.
“Castiel? What’s happened? Is everything okay?” He’s rightly concerned to see Castiel in his doorway. Stepping inside, he takes in the room as he shuts the door behind him. Jimmy’s office is sharp, sleek, its large windows showing off an impressive view of the city and a small corner of Central Park. A desk lamp lights the large mahogany desk that dominates the room and its surface is littered with papers and a tumbler of an amber liquid that Castiel has no problem ignoring.
Damn, he’s cute. The tip of Cas’ nose is red and his cheeks look chapped by the wind. Dean wants to drag him inside and kiss him until they’re both warmed up. He settles for rubbing Cas’ arms through his jacket while he waits for the rest of the story.
“Bitch.” Dean grinned and grabbed Sam again, wrapping his arm around Sam’s shoulders. Sam tried his best to smooth his hair down for the picture. They were both leaning against the Impala in front of Dean’s new dorm, smiling to avoid death at Ellen’s hand. Ellen snapped the picture, and Dean made a mental note to ask her for a copy later.
gone. In his place is a bold, self-assured man, someone empowered to take his destiny into his own hands.
“To our own party? I don’t think so.” Dean pulled him close, breathing in his sweet scent. “Plus, I made you lasagna for dinner.”
Dean grins and in no time, they’ve killed an hour or two and a few rounds, their booth littered with empty pint glasses and two spent plates of nachos. They’re both tipsy enough to lose at pool but neither of them care when they slide into their seats.
Castiel stares at the picture from Dean and swallows hard. It's a shot of Dean from the nose down, his pink, full lips twisted in a devilish smirk, freckles scattered across his chest, including the one on Dean's left peck that Castiel loves to kiss. Dean's sun kissed skin goes for miles, lower and lower until Castiel’s eyes find one of the few things in the world that can make his mouth water.
They have a standing date night, every Friday. When they first started dating, they set their schedules up this way. Not very romantic but necessary, considering Dean’s workload and Castiel’s schedule as he finishes his doctorate. Dean likes to tease him about taking his gen classes last but Castiel always teases back, saying he was waiting for a hot teacher to take over the history class before he signed up.
They spent the next couple of hours shopping, first at Target, and then Castiel insisted they go to Barnes & Noble where he picked up a Harry Potter poster and Dean a Star Wars print.
It wasn't until he heard Castiel snoring softly that he closed his eyes and let himself relax. Dean didn't know when he fell asleep, but the early morning cries of a bird out by the lake woke him, and he gently shook Castiel awake.
Cas takes care of him, helps him into their sheets after wiping them both down with a warm washcloth. Dean’s eyelids are heavy while he watches Cas move around their room, naked while he puts away their costumes. He makes Dean drink water and he fusses with him about sleeping in his underoos.
like it,” Jonathan calls out, breaking the tension between the two men that was threatening to take over the entire room. Almost on instinct, Dean drops the corner of the jacket and both of them take a step back.
Touching Cas is like touching a live wire. He’s warm, and he stiffens at first, but then he’s squeezing Dean’s hand as they continue to walk. Relief goes through Dean from head to toe and then —
God, what the fuck was Dean thinking? John’s gonna kill him, he’s gonna have Dean running laps all goddamn night for this fuck up and he’s hating himself for being so stupid when he stops in his tracks, steps from the front door of his dorm because his buddy, and team manager, Garth Fitzgerald is already striding towards him, Dean’s equipment bag over his shoulder and a bundle of clothes in his hand. He must have broken into Dean’s dorm room.
“Me 'n Cas are gonna do it man, we're gonna tie the knot. In Vegas. Today. And we want you and Jess to be there.”
Castiel pours a scoop of Pug’s pig food into his bowl, throwing in a few cut up pieces of broccoli, chunks of sweet potato and some peas from the crisper drawer saved just for the pig’s meals. He places the bowl on the floor just as Claire comes back upstairs.
Dean’s already muttering by the time Cas reaches the mound. Both their gloves come up to cover their mouths and Cas just raises an eyebrow as Dean goes on. “Sammy starting wavin’ his book at me as we walked back out and it got in my head.”
Upon closer inspection, Castiel keeps happening upon items that were taken care of, certain books or carefully tied newspapers, tucked between pages and in the spaces between the rows of the shelves. He makes sure to use as much care with those items, boxing them as he goes, trying to preserve what little precious items Chuck had left. Working room by room, glimpses of his childhood make him pause and the weight of the situation is heavy on his shoulders.
“You didn’t let him down in the basement, right?” They’d remodeled it as well, but there were still too many small spaces for him to get stuck in, especially when Castiel wasn’t home. Plus it was full of Chuck’s boxes that still needed going through.
Dean texts Sam the next morning to propose a group costume which then prompts a conference call that night between them and Charlie.
Castiel laughs. “Most likely, yes. Pug is very trendy, we follow all the famous Instagram pigs, don’t we?” Instagram is another app Claire made him get at one point or another.
They fall easily into their own world; lazy walks to Weavers in the mornings when Cas stays over, Dean walking him back to his door before he goes home to get ready for work. Days filled with texts between them, flirting and making plans to get together almost daily. Drinks that lead to dinners that lead to cuddling in front of the fireplace while they still can. Cas stays over a few nights a week.
Cas laughs and flicks Dean on the nose. “It didn’t work. He just thanked me with a tip of his hat. Pretty sure I saw him slip away with the bartender not long after.”
He meets such a variety of people; Benny and a few of his men, all firemen from the firehouse a few blocks away who invite him and his family to their next pancake breakfast, an event they hold for charity the first Tuesday of every month. Dean confirms it’s a huge turnout and the best pancakes in town and Castiel finds himself excited about attending the next one.
They trade more kisses, the sky awash with bright colors and glittering sparks that make light and color and joy dance across all the faces tipped up to the sky. They’re both a little breathless when they pull apart, both excited about their ever evolving future, and the potential of their amazing and possibly expanding family.
Dean’s eyes widen as he tries to gather up the towel and the ice and edge out of the room. “N—Nothing, sir. I just… stubbed my toe and I was going to put ice on it.”
“Hey hon,” Dean says, raising his voice just so Cas will focus on him versus the logistics of his request. “I think I wanna marry you.”
“Stop checking out Charlie’s ass and hand me the damn lights, it’s freezing up here!” Dean snaps his fingers a few times, prompting Jo to drag her eyes away from her girlfriend and turn them on him with a glare.
“Oh, hell no man. Dean is the brains behind this. He's been perfecting his beers for about a year now. They're finally ready and we're really excited about it.”
“Are you sure? I thought you’d want our family there.” He kisses Dean again, soft this time. “Ellen might kill us, you know.”
Dean turns towards him and watches the way his lips wrap around the head of the bottle and he presses a finger into the dimple that appears when Cas smirks around it.
“I love you.” Castiel steps close enough now to lace their hands together, his newly found bravado making him bold. “And I’ve been waiting a long,
“You remember… Rufus’ damn dog.” At the mention of his old owner, Blue lets out a low growl. Castiel runs his foot over Blue’s flank. “Oh hush, you old grouch.”
“And you needed to put on your pants for that?” Cas puts down their coffee cups and picks up the pastry bag. “Maybe by the time I’m out of the shower, you won’t be acting so weird?” He holds up the bag. “This is for you… it’s a dagel? A donut bagel hybrid, the barista said. Blueberry.”
“Hello, I’m Dean, I’m an Aquarius, I like long walks on the beach, pie, and Led Zeppelin. I’m also Cas’ best friend and nominator.” He gives the camera the cheekiest grin, one side of his mouth tipping up.
The thought makes Castiel laugh again and he puts a hand on top of his head, which just reminds him that not a moment ago, Dean’s hand was in his hair, slipping through his locks and caressing the back of his neck as he kissed Castiel.
“Very much.” Castiel’s happy to accept this thoughtful gift and when Dean hands both over to him, their hands brush together and something catches in Castiel’s throat. He can’t remember the last time someone’s done something like this, besides Dean, who’s been so kind to Castiel for no reason beyond wanting to make him happy and he has to push away those lonely thoughts that make his throat ache. Maybe Dean will help them stay away for good.
“Our own crazy haired welcome wagon,” Ellen confirms, making the ladies laugh and Castiel looks down at his lap and smiles. It’s no surprise to him that Dean’s this welcoming to everyone, it confirms what he’s suspected about the man all along. Dean is kind hearted, and Castiel’s glad to know him, a sentiment he’s sure he shares with many in attendance.
Cas holds up one of his cards to read it. “Happy Valentine’s ay.” He side eyes Dean before he flips the card over. “I’ll give you the D later.”
Dean grabs his drink and follows Cas to his room. Before he opens the slider, Cas grabs a hoodie from under his pillow and throws it at Dean. He pulls it on, the familiar scent of Cas, of
The kids had fun and Dean got a kick out of signing autographs and taking selfies with them. Every time he came across another little Batman or even a tiny Joker, he’d act out a little fight with them. The kids seemed to like it and it made Dean laugh. Win-win.
Cas pulls away, his mouth dragging across Dean’s cheek. “Your mouth is perfect, all mine,” Cas asks with a rise to his voice, seeking Dean’s acceptance at his need for some control.
Dean helped Ellen get all the food onto the platters, and she smiled warmly after she caught him staring at Cas playing a game of rock, paper, scissors with Jo over who would do the dishes after dinner.
He’s waiting for Cas to come back from the house and from where he sits, Dean can see Donna and Jody sharing a big, pink blanket a few feet away. Jody’s head is resting in Donna’s lap and Donna’s running her fingers through Jody’s short spikes while she tells a story with a smile. Donna catches Dean staring and he smiles softly at her. She returns his smile but it widens when she glances past him, making Dean turn to find his fiance standing behind him.
His smile only widens as Dean reveals what he’s hiding, a rather sizeable and beautifully wrapped box, the paper covering it a newspaper print decorated with splashes of red and green paint, its lid decorated with a big red bow.
This is how Cas sees him and Dean isn’t worthy. He swallows that thought back and lets his eyes drift over the drawing again. “I really love it Cas, but, just one thing,” Dean hesitates before he taps on himself on the page. “Where’s my shirt?” The drawing is wearing exactly the same pants as Dean, he’s even barefoot like Dean but the only thing missing is the old Mystery Spot t-shirt he’s wearing.
“Me too, Cas,” he breathes out, pressing kisses along Cas’ jaw. He leans down to trail his mouth along Cas’ neck and down to his collarbones where they’re just waiting for Dean to explore them with his tongue. Soft, dark hair is smattered across Cas’ chest and Dean drags his nose through it, and it tickles him, the sensation sending delicious sparks down his spine.
Four years went by and suddenly, Castiel was graduating and Dean's band was taking off, opening for bigger bands and getting picked up to join a tour with some of the hottest artists in the industry.
Dean laughed. “Bring it, baby.” Dean grabbed his phone from the nightstand. “Come on, let’s send him a picture. Might as well give him my number now, right?”
“My daughter,” he shakes his phone with a grin, finding himself more relieved at Cas’ lack of jewelry than he expected. It gets him out of his seat quicker, anyway. “Will you excuse me for a sec? I'm about to get the mother of all ‘I told you so’s’,” he bounces his eyebrows and loves the way Castiel's eyes soften at the mention of his daughter. And the way his cheeks flush at Dean's flirting.
Sam's eyes grew wide as he stared at the box. Inside was a brand new cell phone, a black Nokia 3310. Sam looked up at Dean, disbelief all over his face.
“Shit.” Dean swears and guides Cas to his bed. “Stay here, I’m going to get something for your lip.” He furrows his brow. “Cas, is your mom ok? I think we should tell my dad.”
Cas's shoulders relax. He goes back to reading and Dean swears he's gonna burn a hole into the paper, he’s staring so hard at the words Dean’s mom wrote, so many years ago. “She knew you’d keep playing.”
by a large, bushy dog but he doesn’t seem to mind, his eyes on Castiel as they get closer and closer.
“Mom gave it to me.” Dean feels the strongest when he says the next words. “And I gave it to Cas and I’m real sorry, but there isn’t anything you can do about it.”
cell phones. I've got a matching one, see?” He dug in his pocket and pulled out an identical phone. “Now you can call or text me anytime you want, ok? You need anything, I’ll be there in a heartbeat. You wanna tell me how great it is to have your own room ten times a day? Go for it.”
“Hello all,” Jack greets them first, depositing the tray Dean brought in the middle of the table. The women reach for their drinks; beer for Ellen and Jody and another glass of red wine for Rowena. Dean plucks the clear plastic cup with the lid and straw with what appears to be iced tea from the tray so he can set it front of Castiel.
Castiel smiles and puts the note in his pocket with the other one. Dean left out a mug for him. He starts the coffee maker and heads to the bathroom where he finds another note stuck to the mirror.
, have they gone through it. “It’s like the last four years were some kinda test, you know? Bullshit kept coming up and it didn’t take me long to figure out it was you, Cas, that you were what I needed to get through it all.” Dean hates how his voice wobbles, but he can’t help the way Cas makes him feel raw, like a live nerve. “It’s always been you, Cas and I—I love you.”
The last week before they open, the inventory arrives. In a stroke of genius, Dean suggested trying to sell his uncle’s books to Crowley and when Dean made it sound like Castiel had
“Noisy fucking bottom,” he tells Cas, punctuating each word with a snap of his hips. “Maybe I should come in your mouth to shut you up.” Cas whines out his approval. “Or maybe I just fill you up instead.”
“That’s what I keep hearing.” The music hasn’t stopped and Dean wonders if he’s interrupting anything. “If you’re busy, I can call back? Didn’t mean to—”
Castiel is staring, and he knows the smile on his face is huge; it makes his cheeks hurt. Dean steps into the light and his eyes lock on Castiel. Dean’s grin widens and Castiel feels a thrill run through him. Castiel takes Dean in, his eyes trailing up from his black boots to his bow legs wrapped in leather. He squirms a little when he thinks about what's underneath, waiting for him to discover later.
“No and Claire, no. Your mother wants you home because you stayed last night—alone, I might add. Now, please get your things together, we’re going.” His tone leaves little room for argument and Claire seems to know it, the temporary break in formality gone.
He knows what he said, what he promised his daughter, that he’d go to his twenty-fifth high school reunion and at least
The morning of their grand re-opening dawns clear and bright. Dean’s already out of bed when Castiel wakes and listening to him move around the apartment makes a calm settle over him. He’s been nervous, the days leading up, but they’re here and before he knows it, today will be over and done. Castiel intends to appreciate every moment.
“Here, Mr. Cas, let me explain,” a young boy to Castiel’s left puts a small hand on Castiel’s, stilling him. He smiles gently at the jumpy guy and it softens all their hearts.
His eyes blew wide as he took in the sight in front of him. Dean stood, bow legs slightly apart, one hand hanging loosely at his side, the other slowly dragging up and down his chest. His bottom lip was clamped in his teeth and his hair stood every which way. The man looked positively wrecked. His eyes met Cas’ in the mirror.
Dean blushed and leaned in for another kiss. Their kisses tasted like chocolate and peanut butter and it made Dean warm inside. Cas leaned away to make himself another treat, enthusiastic in his duties. Dean leaned back and finished off his s'more, enjoying watching Cas cook up another marshmallow.
“Someone’s mad he’s not getting all the attention,” Dean teases, his eyes shining as he obliges the little pig and puts him down. Pug takes off to sniff the patio, his leash skipping over the concrete tiles as he runs around the edges and to the grassy area.
The class titters and Dean is glad the lights are low because he’s sure his face is red. He clears his throat. “Okay, yes that was hilarious. Never mind my mild concussion, thanks.”
“Guess I'll have to spend the weekend making sure you never forget again.” He had his face buried in Castiel’s neck, breathing him in.
“That usually means two weeks, tops,” Cas says as he crumples the note and tosses it in the trash. The house is clean, at least and Cas seems pleased by that. Dean doesn’t mention the way his shoulders relaxed when he found the note.
Being here with him now feels like finding a part of himself Dean hadn’t realized he’d been missing.
Clarity hits Dean like a ton of bricks. They don’t need to be afraid of the man posturing in front of them. Not him, not Cas, none of them. The harder Dean looks, the clearer he sees his dad for the first time in a long time.
As she talks, Castiel’s extracted Pug from his bath, the little pig wrapped in his navy blue towel, his nose twitching as he snorts and snuffles along to Claire’s story. Castiel likes to think it’s his way of chattering and adding his version of things.
Dean can’t stop laughing and Castiel’s cheeks hurt from how hard he’s smiling even as he stays cautious to ensure no one gets hurt during their first interaction. The kitten is half Pug’s size but holds her own, the two of them rolling over each other, the kitten coming out on top more often than not. Pug is such a pushover, it’s no wonder he lets the tiny cat end up on his head a few times.
One of Cas’ hands threads through his hair and the other cups his cheek, guiding Dean out of the crook of his neck. “And I, you, Dean,” he confirms before guiding their mouths together for a chaste kiss. “It makes me very happy that we’re together tonight.”
Cas’ head was tucked against Dean’s chest, his breath warm on Dean’s skin. When he reached down and took Dean’s cock in his hand, Dean didn’t stop him. Cas kissed away the tears on Dean’s cheeks while he came with Cas wrapped around him and after, Dean whispered his apologies and begged for Cas’ forgiveness.
Dean’s never said it out loud, but if the Royals don't pick Cas, Dean probably won't sign with them. He'll take a year off if he has to, but after the lessons Dean's learned, he's not ready to be away from Cas yet, not if he can help it. He can work at The Roadhouse for a year and drive Cas's car to and from wherever he ends up… Texas, maybe? Gross. No, thank you. Dean hopes it doesn’t come to that.
Castiel walks through the sitting room and into the bedroom, unbuttons his jacket and takes it off slowly, one arm at a time. He takes a moment to open the closet so he can hang it properly, the interior light revealing another jacket already occupying the space. He pays no mind and closes the door when he’s done. Before he can turn, a light clicks on and a throat clears.
The way Cas says that with such certainty shakes Dean to his core. Cas tells him all the time in hundreds of ways how much he loves him, but hearing him talk like this, with such conviction is fucking humbling.
“Sure thing, Bobby. Just say the word.” Dean stands back to admire their handiwork, the swing swaying in the breeze. “Might want to make a few for the porch at the brewery too.”
Cas is next to him again all of a sudden to accept Sonny’s next hug, and then, above all the chaos, Dean spies his six-foot-four little brother somehow flying over the mass of people to reach Dean as quickly as possible. It makes the tears he’s been fighting spill over at the same time Dean cracks up, his emotions a total wreck.
And it does something primal to him, when he sees the ring he gave Cas, nestled in the fine smattering of his chest hair. “Come back,” Dean growls, wanting, wanting to touch and be touched by the man he loves.
Dean’s mouth drops open and now it’s Castiel’s turn to huff in mock indignation. When Dean notices him trying to fight back a grin, his eyebrows go up under the brim of his hat and he looks at Castiel with an exaggerated look of disbelief, his smile trying to burst free and making the corners of Dean’s mouth twitch before laughter bubbles out of him and Castiel’s entire heart soars at Dean’s reaction to his teasing.
“And what would you like to do instead?” Cas licks his lips as he stares at Dean’s mouth. Dean bites his lip in response.
The pig pushes at Castiel’s ankles and puts his front feet on Castiel’s knees, stretching up on hind legs in an attempt to be picked up. Castiel obliges, knowing it’s time to head home so Pug can go back to sleep for an hour or two. Pug likes his routine just as much as Castiel does.
Cas’s shoulders are shaking with laughter by the time Dean’s done describing his outfits. “I’d have rather liked to see that, I think.”
this is pinnacle career type shit, shit pitchers strive for their entire lives. This stopped being a game about an inning or two ago, and if he can’t get his shit together, he’s gonna let everyone down. If he fucks this up, he’ll be a laughingstock, that guy that
of Major League Baseball’s one-hundred-and-fifty year history. He’d be the first perfect game in Royals franchise history too, and only the fifth pitcher to throw a no hitter for them.
Dean’s cheeky smile is contagious and warmth goes through him, Castiel’s own smile growing as he turns the name over in his head. As if she knows she’s being discussed, the kitten stretches her tiny legs out before cracking one eye open to peer at them. Castiel’s smile widens as he scoops her up to cup her in his hands. She’s tiny enough to fit in one but he wants her to feel safe and protected when he lifts her up so their blue eyes can meet.
“They’re cool chicks, don’t get me wrong.” Dean rubs the back of his neck as he looks around the crowd. “Just a little
“Can I use my key and come to the door?” Dean nudges Castiel’s cheek with the tip of his nose before brushing a kiss along his jaw, leaving behind sparks, Castiel’s sure of it.
At some point, Mildred pats them on their arms and continues to greet her party goers and for whatever reason, Castiel’s content to stay here and study the low slope of Dean’s nose, and how it comes to a perfect point, and how the dimples around his mouth deepen the more he smiles and soon, they’re just standing there grinning at each other in the middle of the party.
Castiel rolls his eyes. “It’s not that bad. As long as we all properly bundle, we’ll hardly notice the cold.” He wishes the hat he’s knitting was complete, but he knows they have plenty of beanies and jackets in the closet that will suffice. Dean’s just being dramatic.
The end where Castiel's confesses that because of Dean, he's braver, better, a stronger person than he was when he arrived in New York and all because Dean believed in him and his wild dreams when no one else ever did.
Castiel doesn't pull off until Dean's hand falls from his hair and onto the bed. Castiel nuzzles Dean's soft cock and pulls the now ruined panties off him, one leg at a time. Dean blinks up at him but grins in that lazy way Castiel loves. Dean will want to sleep in his stockings because he loves the way their legs slide together during the night. Castiel likes it too.
Cas whines, his mouth still full of Dean’s pulsing cock, when Dean clenches his fingers in his hair, tugging on the strands with each roll of his hips. One last, long suck up Dean’s cock and Cas pulls off, kissing the tip before coming back up to Dean’s lips so he can lick deep into his mouth.
Castiel cups Dean's cheek and wipes the tear away with the pad of his thumb, Dean's eyes sparkling behind unshed tears. "I know it's stupid, but I'd rather not be here when you read."
“Claire,” Dean says, his tone leaving no room for her to retort and clear that this is something they’ve been over.
but all Dean can do is nod. Adrenaline he wasn’t expecting floods through him, and he feels like Cas sounds. The only thing Dean can think to do is reach across the bench seat and yank Cas to him, Cas’s arms going around him just as fast as Dean’s, both of them needing to hold the other more than anything in that moment.
Either way, Dean may or may not have packed a big box of condoms in his duffle — not that he's interested in doing any of those kinds of activities with his brother involved.
“I never said that,” Jimmy fumes, his words clipped. “And it isn’t what I meant and you know it. Can you just save the dramatics and sign?”
“Well that’s a first,” Castiel states, crouching down to scoop Pug off the floor before he realizes his dads are in cahoots. “He never runs from you.”
to have a good time. When the invitation came, Dean had chucked it straight into the trash but by some kind of miracle (or the quick and clever hands of his sixteen year old daughter), the Save the Date was stuck to their fridge the next day. Dean had gotten into the habit of glaring at it while he drank his morning cup of coffee.
“It's excellent. Can't say I've had anything this good in a while, even in New York. Did you say this was your recipe?”
“She speaks for both of us, I hope you know that. You, Sam, n’ Jo are more than I ever thought I’d have and while I can’t replace yer dad, son of a bitch that he is, I hope you know— I hope I’ve—”
“Are you guys here to dress up Mr. Cas?” one adorable little curly-haired girl asks with a toothy grin.
“I’m going to tell him how I feel that night, here, over pie and his favorite whiskey and I don’t know how it will turn out,” slightly hysterical laughter slips out. “But I’m doing it, I have to, for both of us.” Castiel’s eyes are a little wild but the excitement coming off him is contagious and Antoni can’t help but hug him.
“Don’t worry dear, I simply whipped up one of my special teas and poof, no more worries.” She glances around. “And where’s your wee lass?”
Cas’ hand threading through his hair pulls Dean back to the moment so he can drag his eyes away from Cas’, even though he doesn’t really want to. He focuses instead on Cas’ thighs and covering them with kisses before he moves, pushing Cas’ skirt up to enjoy his star spangled panties and what’s under them.
Dean returns the greeting with a tight nod before leaning down to queue up the presentation for today's lecture.
The song goes on to talk about finding your freedom but losing faith and it’s not so funny anymore. Dean drops his act and just holds Cas’ hand tighter.
It’s been over six years since Dean’s seen or spoken to John Winchester. After their showdown at Stull, Dean never looked back, and whether it was John’s pride or just pure hatred, something kept him away from then on.
Castiel’s barely finished breaking the news when Dean crosses the room and wraps him in a tight hug. He slaps Castiel on the back once before stepping back, shaking his head and just staring at Castiel in awe. “I knew it Cas, I knew they wouldn’t be able to say no. Best news I’ve heard in awhile, man.”
Dean scowls at her and motions over towards a few of the empty booths with his chin. “Go grab us one of those, will you? Think I bring you along just to look pretty?”
“Thank you for telling me about him,” Dean says into the curve of Cas’ neck. “I’d love to check out his journals, dude sounds like a badass bisexual as I pride
the guy.” Karamo raises an eyebrow at Castiel who’s face, instead of looking terrified at the thought, breaks into a wide, gummy smile.
Castiel loses it. He’s laughing so hard his sides start to hurt. Dean is slumped against the side of the car door, clutching his stomach. Castiel can’t remember the last time he laughed as hard as this.
Dean puts his hands over his ears before using one to flip her off as he shakes his head, hating every second. Heads are definitely turning to look at them and Dean shrinks down in the seat, gesturing at Donna to hurry her ass up and sit down.
Dean’s hand had worked it’s way around Castiel’s wrist but now he lets go and sits back. He pauses before answering.
“This is the date night look, gents,” Tan advises the room, not shy about nodding right at Dean when he says it and he grins when he sees Dean nodding right back with an eyebrow raised.
When Dean turns around, walking away once again, Cas removes the stopper and lets the water travel down the drain before taking the showerhead, quickly rinsing his skin from any residual soap and then cleaning the white surface of the tub itself from any dust and mud, leaving it as spotless as he found it.
Castiel leans into the touch. Dean’s palm slightly sweaty and warm, like he remembers from the moment in the Empty. Callous. Surprisingly real. He feels touch starved, ready to beg for more, on his knees, hands clasped as if in prayer, his whole body screaming. To be held a little while longer and stand there after such a long time - free to be themselves, postponing the least important matters to another moment, a different one, calmer and less confused. The watch on Dean’s wrist ticks the time away, leaden circles travelling through the air.
He remains there for a little while longer before picking up Jack’s teddy and putting it back in its place.
So here he is, sitting on the ground when he could be anywhere else instead - dry clothes, the worst behind him and the future in front of him, at hand’s reach along with happiness, true happiness that may last longer than the last time, and an ending, not necessarily a happy one. Then again, is there such a thing? Will anyone be truly happy? Isn’t the very essence of life void of definite endings and true happiness, the kind one always ends up reading about? Isn’t it enough to aspire for the next best thing and mere contentment for it is impossible for anything else to remain as they are for the rest of time?
The world outside has been reduced to an infinite expanse of mist that started to ascend the moment he stepped out of his car, veterinary bag in is hand, all but slamming the car door behind him, and started walking on the wet gravel driveway to the main door with his hand already half-raised, ready to knock. Now, darkness has become the universe and the small and uneven country road that meanders itself across a sea of grass, the ground as hard as iron, amidst the naked trees that tower themselves against the sky, is now relatively useless. Vision impaired by the mist that at the beginning of the evening appeared silver and with an exact eye or the eye of an artist, with streaks of warmer colours and delicate reflections of dark shadows, ten-foot-high or more and impenetrable. The dark elms, the small brick walls on the sideway, with their patches of moss and ruined and crumbling mortar, the hedgerows, the ancient place of worship with its distinctive bell tower, and the milestones all hidden, swallowed up, disappearing until morning.
He heads to the sink, turning the water on and washing his hands, getting rid of the mud and looking at the water run down the pipe, leaving brown streaks on the white porcelain. The reflection in the mirror is that of a stranger, dark circles under his eyes and his hair lighter than it used to be, with some grey streaks.
His eyes soften around the corners, because Dean mentioned his daughter and it makes his heart beat hard in his chest. He goes on. “She said the five of us could have “Happy Ever After” together.” Dean raises his eyebrows and gives Cas a small smile.
Dean lets the sounds of the fair surround him. Kids screaming and laughing, the low hum of the crowd, a tinny piano melody. Cas laughing. It all fades away when Cas leans back into his ear, his breath warm.
He leans in. “Come on, take me on the ferris wheel, Dean.” He laces their fingers together and tugs Dean along behind him.
“Thank you, Dean,” Castiel replies, simply in shock and unable to come up with anything else. He really liked the pin but had no idea that Dean even saw him appreciating it, let alone that he’d want him to have it, to wear with his others.
The bar is packed, almost every table full and people standing at the bar waiting to be served. As his luck would have it, there's an empty seat right in the corner of the bar. The maître d' takes his coat and Castiel smooths down his seersucker suit jacket, enjoying the light fabric against his palms.
Castiel chuckles. “Once he knows I have this, it will join all his other prized cookbooks.” He looks around for said books but doesn’t see them.
Cas wrapped one leg around Dean's waist, one hand clutching the bedspread and the other tangled in Dean's hair. The whimpers falling from Castiel's mouth drove him insane. Dean pressed their foreheads together and let Cas catch his breath before pulling away.
Castiel shakes his head and laughs because it does appear that Pug is dancing along to the music. “That’s very cute, he seems to enjoy it.”
Dean is putting the finishing touches on one of his signature burgers when Cas joins him in the kitchen.
Yes, Dean's right, he supposes. They've both worked hard to be successful and enjoy their achievements in the best ways possible.
They get to the sidewalk and Dean gives Castiel room to walk beside him and it feels like a dream. He must be dreaming. Castiel fully expects to wake up at any moment, to open his eyes to his white ceiling with its wooden ceiling fan turning lazy circles above him.
It’s only a few more steps until they reach the ridge, and Dean’s surprised to see they’re not even halfway up the mountain when they emerge into a clearing. The river cuts out from the trees, jumping and sparkling in the afternoon sun, winding down and disappearing over the side of the cliff, leaving only open air and white mist in its wake. Beyond the falls, nothing but emerald green rainforest, the ocean sparkling in the distance.
“Don’t believe any of it,” he jokes. “This is Cas,” Dean beams as they shake hands. He leans towards them like wants to let them in on a secret. “He’s my boyfriend.” He bounces his eyebrows.
“I'm fine, mama. Really.” Dean flattened the box that held his plates and bowls. “Just ready to be done here.”
Castiel accepts the invitation and abandons his drink in favor of what’s in front of him. He presses his knees to the mattress between Dean’s legs and groans when Dean drops to his elbows, presenting his gorgeous ass. The straps of his garter stretch tight over the swell of his cheeks and Castiel runs his finger under one strap to pull it away from Dean’s skin. Dean’s breath hitches.
“I’m here asking for y’alls help because Cas—Cas is the best guy I know. And you’re gonna see that. He makes a lot of people happy.”
“Fine,” Gabriel spits out. “When lover boy over here fucks you over, don’t use that new cell phone to call me, got it?” He jabs a finger into Castiel’s chest before he stalks off towards the parking lot.
“Tell me you’re close, Cas,” Dean begs. He’s lost, he’s going to come, and he wants them to do it together.
He struggled through the chorus and suddenly, he felt a warm hand on his shoulder. Dean knew that touch and he looked up into Cas’ adoring face. The weight of Cas’ hand grounded him, and he swallowed back his emotion as Cas sat down to his left, picking up the low notes without missing a beat.
Dean wraps up the hamburger meat before he puts it inside the fridge, closing the door with his hip. He holds his hands up and wiggles his fingers. “All done, just need to wash these.” He bounces one eyebrow. “Wanna make out again when I’m finished?”
He’s nervous, even as he pulls on his trench coat and Dean kisses him goodbye, promising birthday pie for later. Something to look forward to, he supposes. Before he can leave however, Dean hands him another bag with two small white boxes inside.
“If that were the case, I’d expect a little more urgency in your message, unless you want that person to end up being you.” She yawns.
Castiel carries none of the stress he arrived with when he wraps Dean in his arms and slides his knee between Dean's legs. Dean pushes back, like if he tries hard enough, he can melt into Castiel and Castiel tightens his hold on the man to encourage him.
Castiel was bright red as he made his way inside, apologizing profusely to Ellen as he handed her the bag of potatoes.
John Winchester is a shell of the man he once was. It’s obvious he’s come from work, the cheap suit he’s wearing hanging on his body, his beard and hair mussed, his eyes tired and red rimmed. His hatred is so obvious, he wears it better than the suit, but for the first time, Dean considers that maybe the only person his dad hates is himself.
Cas smiles the rest of the night and Dean doesn’t even care when their friends look disappointed about prom. His mom is a different story and she lays the guilt on thick. She lets up when he reminds her that Sam will probably go to all the school dances he can so she’ll get her pictures then. Sam punches him in the arm but doesn’t disagree. She seems satisfied when he promises to wear a tie to graduation. It’s required but she doesn’t need to know that.
Dean’s pulled his mask off, fucking finally, and Cas won’t stop running his fingers through his hair. They lean against the bar to share a slice of pie and Dean’s getting hard feeding it to Cas in small bites. Before each one, Cas’ tongue darts out to wet his lips before they part for the fork, the tines pressing into Cas’ bottom lip and then sliding out, wet but licked clean.
The second is again on Castiel’s face but he has that far off look he gets when he’s freshly fucked and god damn, Dean loves to put that look on his face.
“He ain’t lyin’,” Dean replies with a shrug. Castiel doesn’t know how he’s so calm, but then again, Dean’s not the one with his foot in his mouth. He’s seriously considering making his excuses before he can say anything else awkwardly when Dean’s hand pressing against the small of his back has Castiel’s entire brain short circuiting.
It’s more kissing and pressing hips until voices just outside the door make them both freeze, Dean’s mouth hanging open, Cas’ lips glued to where he was sucking at Dean’s jaw. They hold their breath until the voices fade, whoever it was continuing down the hall and just like in high school, they both let out a sigh after a moment has passed, both of them realizing at the same time that they can’t get sent to the principal's office anymore for necking in an empty classroom.
Cas slows so Dean can move ahead of them. The path they’re on is leading them up the side of the mountain, but it’s not as wide in some places, making it so they can’t walk side by side. It cuts crudely through the rainforest, the sound of rushing water muffled, but louder, depending on the curves.
“You are recognizing your value, Castiel and that is so powerful. You are ready to go out there and get everything that you want,
“I thought Ellen hired that college kid to help out.” Dean’s shuffling his feet some and it’s clear to Castiel that Dean doesn’t want to have this conversation right now.
Castiel smiles. “I was finishing up when my invitation was delivered,” Castiel replies before he pulls Dean back in for a kiss. “We'll have to celebrate, Milton Hotels had our best year yet.”
“Get ready for your world to change, baby bro,” Gabe says as he squeezes Cas’s shoulders, winking at Dean before sitting back in his chair and ignoring the way Cas bats his hands away. Dean rolls his eyes and almost misses the next thing the announcer says.
He's half hard when he climbs out of the limo at the back entrance to MSG, the leather and satin working together to make him suffer. It's not until he's in his dressing room, minutes before he's about to go on stage, that he shoots a quick text to Cas with one of the pictures he took earlier.
Terrain? Dean bites his lip. “I don’t really do sandals? Shorts either,” he replies weakly. God, these excuses sound so stupid to him now. Dean’s just not — He’s never been — There’s never been a place for him to feel comfortable enough to wear whatever he wants whenever he wants.
With one more brush of his lips, now kiss swollen and catching the light, Dean tips their foreheads together. “G’night, Cas,” he whispers, shy again before he’s gone.
She looks relieved. “My point—right.” She snaps her fingers and smiles wide at Cas. “‘Supernatural’ by Cas and Gabe Novak!”
“I love us,” Cas replies, his lips finding Dean’s, their smiles matching, their happiness contagious.
The long queue and the tray Dean’s holding loaded with food and drinks says otherwise. Some other smiling villager is holding the door open for him and he thanks them with a wide grin before he’s plopping the tray down on the table and taking the seat across from Castiel, a pleased look on his face.
Sam chuckles and starts the jeep. “I just pick the packages up, I don't ask what's in ‘em.” Tall palm trees line the driveway, and Sam maneuvers them past a few other idling cars. “Anything alive? That's what I call Novak business. Not mine.”
“It was just a lure to get a little visit.” She winks at him and Dean. “You guys hanging around for karaoke? Jody’s plannin’ on singin’
“Ok, Jo, hand me the next strand.” Dean holds his hand out, waiting for Jo to hand him the string of multi-colored lights. He waits a beat too long before looking down.
He must look as flustered as he feels. Dean huffs out a laugh and shakes his head. “She’s incorrigible.”
“Oh, you do,” Castiel tells him, attempting a straight face which Dean sees right through. “But seriously, thank you.”
It’s something he never grew out of, not really, not even in school, Castiel always the one to sit in the back of the class and end up in the group that just needed one last person. Even when he was dating Inias, he thought they preferred to stay in, until Inias changed his mind about that. About him.
The whole Village is painted white when they step outside, covered in a thin layer of snow and quiet, muffled by the frozen blanket and making everything feel surreal, like something straight from the pages of a book. Walking through it again, the only sound the snow crunching under their boots reminds Castiel why he fell in love with it in the first place.
“Awesome,” Dean breathes out, his relief with it. A little tug and Castiel’s falling into step beside him without hesitation, not caring where they go, just wanting to get there without ever having to let go of Dean’s hand again.
It’s also no one else’s business if in between albums and books and tours for both of them, they drop off the face of the earth for a month at the same time.
Dean laughs out loud and almost wakes the babies when he opens the envelope and sees the hand drawn art that adorns the front of the card.
“Cas. Is. Family.” Dean interrupts and stresses each word, meaning this more than anything. “He’s my family, he’s Sam’s, hell, Ellen and Bobby put him to work like he’s one of us too, and you know what Dad? No one is wondering where you are.” The words are pouring out now. “You say we abandoned you but where the hell were you yesterday? You know what happened, you know we were both drafted and still.” The look on John’s face tells Dean he isn’t missing the mark. “First round, Dad! And you don’t even care. You feel so damn sorry for yourself, you can’t see past any of your own hatred. That’s obvious now.”
He thumbs at Dean’s cock over the panties and holy fuck, the sensation, the heat of Cas’ hands, it’s putting Dean’s brain into overdrive.
Cas unlocks their bedroom door, crossing the room to pull on clean, white boxers before he climbs into bed beside Dean, who got into the chips and guacamole the minute he got into bed. Their beer bottles are beaded with condensation that Cas swipes away, one after the other before passing one to Dean.
He scowls into his drink for a moment. Gin always makes him too introspective. Dean never stocks it wherever they stay because he says it makes them both too weepy. Castiel knocks back the rest of the drink and decides to switch to beer.
of, as well.” Cas huffs a wet laugh into Dean’s shoulder and nods his head. Dean’s thrilled to make him smile again.
One says “Watch me” and the other instructs them not to open until otherwise directed. They all exchange a look as Karamo loads the DVD into their player, hitting play as he settles into the couch amongst the rest of the men.
throw is the fast ball Cas suggested first, except this one is wild and in the dirt. Cas has to scramble to capture it with his thighs, closing them quickly and using his frame to keep the ball where it is, caught between the outside of his glove and his left leg.
Cas throws his head back in laughter and, yup, that’s the stuff. Dean draws him in for another kiss and thinks the world wouldn’t know what hit it, if they ever went public but for now, he’s satisfied to kiss his husband in the dark and know just how much he’s loved.
Castiel narrows his eyes at his brother. “You knew what your words implied, and the next time I talk to you, you have these. Tell me what I’m supposed to infer from the way you’ve been acting?” He pulls the stack of papers to him and starts at the first tab, scribbling his name wherever the little arrows point. “I’m happy to buy you out of your half you know, once I get the business back up and running.”
Dean drove through the night, holding Cas’ hand as he maneuvered the Impala down the highway. He pulled down an unmarked road, one no one would notice unless they knew it was there. Castiel looked at him curiously, there was no way he would have known this route since the last and only time they were there, they had walked. He pulled into the clearing, their spot, as Dean considered it. He had found the driveway a week before, confirming his theory that this property used be someone's home.
change.” She buries her face in his chest and he kisses the top of her head, Pug snorting in agreement between them. Claire’s arms come around him to hug him back tightly. “I’m sorry if I implied otherwise.”
But Castiel soon finds he doesn’t have any trouble either, his thoughts wandering to Dean and their morning as he draws a bath for Pug, tipping a little baby shampoo into the tub to create some bubbles for Pug to play with. He used to hate his baths at first but now, Castiel lays down a towel so he doesn’t slip while he moves around and as long as Castiel keeps the water warm, he’s content to sit and soak while Castiel washes him.
The guy whose bed he spent the night in, whose cock Dean had down his throat no more than ten hours ago, is standing on his field and getting ready to catch for him.
“I’ve always wanted to make out in an empty classroom,” Cas mumbles against his throat, making Dean scoff.
“You’re so good, Dean. So good for me.” Cas grates out, his voice soaking over Dean’s skin like honey. “I want you to come for me, Dean.”
They stare at each other, standing face to face. For a moment it looks as if Dean's about to speak, but the silence prolongs itself and the words that follow sound out of place, a last-minute rebound, mere stand-ins for something else entirely. He says, "Drink?"
Dean walked the last couple of steps before opening the door, the metallic handle cold under his skin. The kitchen looked softer than usual, more welcoming, less canteen-like - no better place where to spend their last evening.
One day, Castiel thinks as Dean hands him his glass, he will leave or send him away and then life won't ever be the same again, the whole thing proof enough that real friends merely exist in dreams where friendships are bound to last an entire life. Dean will leave, the three words have a certain inevitability to them as the breaking point has been reached more than once, steering dangerously close to it, always on the verge of destruction. And then? Back to the realm of reality and loneliness, with the thought of Dean wriggling in, knowing that he knew him better than anyone, knowing that he could never say that how much he knows him or knew him, how much he understands or understood. And then? He would have to take it for what it is because he couldn't possibly say
"Cas, you're more use to Jack alive than you are if you're dead in a ditch," Dean cuts him off. "Listen, you can stay the night. You'll drive back first thing in the morning. I'll take the sofa and you can take the bed."
“A piece of paper. A note, asking you to wait because we were out at the moment, but we’d be back. From school, work, doing the shopping, whatever. It has stickers on it.”
"Still no change," says Dean as he comes back inside. The door closes behind him and the large and rusty black hinges creak at the sudden movement. The sudden noise, on the verge of being unpleasant, is enough to wake Dean's dog up who looks up only to discover her owner to be the only intruder.
Tentatively and with a certain degree of hesitance, he lifts his own hand and places it on top of Dean's - waiting for a reaction; for inevitable discomfort; for a misunderstanding to surface; for Dean to pull away, step back, walk away as mutual awkwardness settles between them. A sense of dread, he can picture it all too neatly and clearly, down to the smallest of details, for a moment that should come but doesn't. Instead, Dean moves his fingers a little bit, allowing their fingers to lace. A warm touch, skin resting on skin, Castiel's palm slightly sweated. He doesn't move, still waiting for a cough or abrupt words to put an end to it, a sudden withdrawal. It's odd, to sit there when he spent years telling himself this far and no further; because he
"My- dear fellow," Dean replies, stepping forward. He places his glass back on the table, untouched, Castiel mirrors his actions - the amber liquid oscillates slightly at such a sudden movement. "Cas."
Evenings spent sitting in mutual and comfortable silence, away from the usual worries and the familiar and overwhelming sense of loneliness. It's a place crammed with memories, memories that always overshadowed what came before the beginning of their mutual acquaintance, eclipsing some of the horrors of their lives or making them feel irrelevant in light of each other's company. They understood each other long before the word friend was first uttered with a certain surprise as if neither of them had ever really thought about it as if neither of them had ever really had a real and proper friend before, someone to last their whole lives. At the time, it felt as if the entire world had conspired to make their paths cross, pushed together like in a carpenter's vice, quietly and steadily towards each other, resistance futile, not that there had been much resistance, to begin with. There had always been such a peculiar intensity to it all, an unexpected gravity, dynamics and feelings that at the time were enough to make someone believe in something - romantic intellectualism ripped straight from the ancients, from Plato's
