Anna stopped crying and a great smile speeded across her face. Finally, she thought, someone would protect the boys. These silly boys, who were running around, hunting demons and never watch out. "This is nice, Cas. God wants them to be safe, this is a good thing."
"Jesus, Sammy, snap out of it?" Finn waved his hands in front of him, trying to get his attention. Sam seemed mesmerized. Finn eventually grabbed him by his hand and tugged him outside, staring apologetically at Castiel's direction. "See you around, Dmitri!"
He hugged me so tightly and so strongly that I almost felt all my pieces come together and find their place.
"You're..." he started. "You're beautiful... what's your name?" he tilted his head, not remembering if the boy even told him his name.
"You forgot the apple pie" Cas smiled bitterly. Dean picked up his knees to his chest and wrapped his arms around them, trying to avoid Cas' look.
Gabriel smirked. "Not bachelor for long" When Sam blushed, Gabriel continued. "I don't want to interrupt the couple. Also…" He pulled Sam on the bed. "We could spent our time together, making up for lost time, don't you think?"
Finn smiled widely talking to him, while Sam was throwing up a few meters later. Soon Finn had to go and pick up the others. He promised Dmitri he’d walk him home, he just had to keep an eye on Sam.
Soon, a letter arrived for them; it was from the Police Chief in Birmingham. Castiel teared the folder up and read the letter quickly. Dean rested his chin on Cas’ shoulder to read too.
Tommy stared at her for two seconds before she sighed and rolled her eyes. "Fine. You stupid boys..." she murmured while she walked upstairs, back to her room.
Castiel looked around for Sam, with no result. He looked at Dean who was sitting heavily on the bed, whispering the word "Demons" under his teeth.
"On the bathroom, naked, under a demon's trap, which is on the ceiling. I can say, that's not the most delightful thing to see in the morning and I've seen many nice things." Sam listened Dean signing.
The day they parted was painfull; the yells and screams still ringed in her ears, whenever she wanted to dial Dee's number. She wanted to, but she was so angry; Dee did nothing to help her. Dee always obeyed mommy. Dee did everything she could to be good and obedient and loyal. She never disobeyed Joannah. Not even the night Sam left.
"Sam. Jack. Both of you. Out. I need to speak with him." Sam exchanged a worried glance with Jack and nodded. "We're... gonna be in the war room. Not far. I'll be hearing everything" he stated before he walked away with the Nephilim.
"WHAT?" Dean almost crushed on a tree. He pulled over at the corner of the road and looked at the face of the Angel. "Are-are you sure?"
"You're alive!" Sam hugged him tightly. Oh, how relieved Dean felt. He held onto Sam's body and cried, his body slumbing, shaking with whines of pain and sobs. He felt like shit. How could he? Why didn't he do anything? Why didn't he hugged Cas, protect him with his own body? How stupid he was. He should have done something for the angel, after he had sacrificed his life so many times for Dean. He should have. He should have...
Soon, Dean felt his dick tugging and he knew it was time; he was about to come. He took the angel's dick into his hand and slowly pumped him, in sync with his thrusts. He spent a glance up at Castiel; the angel was so out of it, enjoying himself. He was moving his hips erratically and pinned Dean's hands above his head. Dean gasped; his inner bottom did a happy dance.
Dean moved to open the angel up, but Cas' protests stopped him. "It's alright... You don't need to... I can handle a little pain..."
He throw a glance at Dean's face. His eyes were on Ruby. "What is this doing here?" he said, looking at her. Ruby smirked when she heard his words, stood up in front of Dean's face and crossed her arms in front of her chest.
Eileen started signing frantically. "Dean is a stubborn asshole. But this curse might seem useful to them."
When Dean opened it, sleepy, with his night robe on, Castiel leaned into his arms crying. Dean pulled him inside and closed the door.
After we ate, he told me there were a few hours before he had to go to his first class. I asked him if he was still going to college and he laughed.
Dean approached him slowly and gently pushed him on the bed, crawling on top of him. He looked into his eyes and kissed him. Dean kissed him hard, pushing his tongue inside as he slowly opened his legs, settling between them, wanting to be there forever... he left marks on his body, on his neck, his chest, the inside of his thighs...
"I found this under the bed. It's not mine, obviously!" he said, angrily. He was ready to jump on Cas again. Cas held onto me tighter.
"Oh, please." Dean stood up and faced Cas, his face an angry mask. "I don't give a fuck what your Father wants! And I'm sure you think this is a terrible mistake as I do, right?"
Castiel looked inside the hunter's eyes in confusion, his hands on the hunter's torso, his legs on both sides of Dean's body. "What happened, Dean?" Dean could sense the sadness on his voice. It ripped him apart. "Have I done something wrong?"
Dean pulled back, sitting on a barstool. "Mr Shelby - Thomas" he greeted, then gave Grace a charming smile and kissed her hand. "My lady... gorgeous as always"
Dean caught Cas by one hand and Jack by the other, and they ran to the rift. Luckily, it was still open.
"What the fuck are those?" Sam wondered loudly as he stood up and scratched his head sleepily. He took his phone with him on his way to the motel room's little kitchen, typing his brother's number and making the call.
"Nobody, Sam, what the hell. Are you hearing voices?" Dean joked, his attention at his not so interesting cereals.
"Sam, there you're!" Finn called as he walked into the bathroom. "Oh hey Dmitri". Finn waved. "Did you pissed already, mate?" he asked the boy, Sam.
Castiel wasn't getting much sleep that night. All he could think about was Dean. The way he smelled, the way he touched him, the way he kissed him like he was his last breath... Castiel hugged his pillow; it smelled like Dean. He really hoped he'd see him again...
Dean turned around and slid inside the car, putting the engine on. Before he run away, he threw a terrible glance at her. "Don't get involved, don't do anything, don't mess up with him or…"
Then the angel stared at her and... it couldn't be she. No way. "Azrael? Is that you? I thought Gabriel destroyed you in the Great Fall!"
Castiel smiled and pulled Dean down for a kiss. "I'd give everything to travel the world with you Dean..." he whispers and hugs the other man tightly. "Now please... shall we proceed to the real reason I came back to your place?"
The doctor was smart enough to take some of the remaining DNA out of Castiel’s mouth and anus. He thanked all the gods into this universe that he had the idea of chopping the asshole’s dick off with his mouth; the blood would be identified, if Sam had a record.
When he pulled back, Cas' eyes were watery too. "I love you, Dean. Never forget about that" Dean held him as close as he could, crying silently too. "I love you too, Cas. Always."
He left his sister and with heavy steps, he got his way on the room he was sharing with Dean. When he got in, Dean was laying at the bed, eyes on the ceiling. Cas stepped closer and sat next to him, on the bed.
Dean approached him and wrapped his arms around him. "Baby it's okay. It's alright. We've got this. We'll bring the bitch down, I swear to you and every angel who's there and still believing in you..."
Dean's expression changed from playful to angry. "I deserved it, huh?" he asked, looking darkly at the angel.
After a while, the second born boy was released, crying but he stopped after a while. Gabriel cleaned it up, healed Dean and cleaned up the blood.
"Uhm... the book says that when this happens... it's probably not a witch... She said she'd give you a gift, yes?"
They hugged for a while and the Empty applauded. "Great show, boys. But I won't have you here any longer. I've had enough of this fool and his bitching about you," the Empty said, staring at Dean.
"Save it" Cas abruptly stops him; he strokes his knee under the table though. "What we do here is purely business. Azrael here is a fellow angel; she's helping us figuring this out."
"You've no idea" the hunter smirked and rolled his hips against Castiel's fully clothed crotch. The moan that erupted his throat could break the windows and every glassy object in the room. "That's my boy..." Dean hissed into his ear as he kissed his neck and touched him everywhere.
"Shh..."Castiel whispered and stroked Dean's face. "It's perfect Dean. It's just perfect. I don't care if we have intercourse tonight I don't care... I'm glad you know... and I'm happy that I also know you love me and want me... thank you." he leaned and kissed him deeply.
Aunt Polly tilted her head, frowning. She knew Ada was a rebel since birth, but she wasn't that crazy to defy Tommy. "It's not what I think it is... it has nothing to do with that naked girl on your bed, has it?"
"Dean, please…" Castiel closed his eyes and threw his head back, his hands on Dean's arms, his nails digging deep in his skin. "It's a torture… I can't handle this…"
Castiel zapped away as fast as he could, after the incident at the bunker with Dean. Of course it was a sweet moment between them but… He couldn't have taken advantage of the poor guy! Dean was controlled by his human emotions and hormones so Cas should have backed off. Instead he almost… had sex with him! Cas sighed as he sat on the sand, at a beach somewhere far away. He thought Dean might be angry with him for being so weak and vulnerable. Castiel loved Dean with all his grace and also the twins in his belly as well, he loved everything Dean loved. He closed his eyes and tried to distract himself by the sound of the waves hitting on the beach.
They were chasing their orgasm together, the sweet release, while they kissed, tongues fighting over dominance, none of them winning... Dean felt like he was flying, the squeeze of Castiel's body to his dick felt incredible... he wished he was able to quit the fuckin' wedding and stay here, in this little room with Cas forever...
When Sam woke up next morning, he couldn't find Dean anywhere. Where would he be? Why he left him there, alone? What if Ruby approached him again, when Dean wasn't around to protect him? He was scared. He didn't wanted to became a monster.
"I need to… I need to have a shower" Sam muttered and grabbed a towel and a pair of boxers, heading to the bathroom.
Castiel wiped a tear off his eye and smiled at his boyfriend. He snapped his fingers and the angel body was gone.
Dean put the throttle of the Impala and drove back. He was about to think what would say to his apology, when the little angel he was thinking about popped inside his car.
I felt so fucking happy, in spite of the difficulty of our situation. As I had my head on his chest and listened to the rhythmic beat of his heart, I knew I wanted to hear that beat forever.
Sam looked both of them, smirking. "It's true." Castiel answered and nodded. "I was in Heaven with Father and suddenly I fell in this body, with no idea where my vessel is."
"I don't want you to judge me too quickly..." he said. "My family lives in Russia now, I stayed here to go to college or that's what I was supposed to do. My family is really poor but my parents insisted on college. When I ran out of money, a guy in my class offered me a job. What I did though..." he bursted into tears. I pulled him into my arms again and stroked his hair. He kept talking.
Sam chuckled with a great grin spread on his face. "Never in a million deaths!" he shouted at the direction of the voice. "And shut your mouth, I'm trying to think!"
Willa groans. "Jesus... that's a shame. But deep down I knew it. Guys like him are never single. Give him a kiss from me, will you, handsome?" she winks again and holds Cas' hand. "You're so lucky... just make sure to keep him, will ya?"
Cas smiles. “No, I’ll quit. If I have you… I can help in the house property and the estates.” He stroked Dean’s face. “I love you so much, Dean. But we’ve no time”.
"Oh no, that's not what I-" I chuckled like an idiot, as I let him drag me behind him. "I need to find an apartment. So I've my own space. Our own space"
From anxious it turned happy and relieved. It was obvious she was waiting for him to come. She screamed his name in awe and hugged him tightly. Cas looked behind her back, the other Angels who were looking at them. They seemed worried. When Anna freed him from her embrace, her eyes were full in tears. "Oh, Castiel. The Angels are talking about how Sam Winchester will open Hell's gate and how God protects him. Is all true?"
"Sons of fuckin' bitches!" Dean yelled and Cas stepped back, terrified. He had never seen him so angry. He tried to calm him.
Dean rolled his eyes. He would never find himself in a situation like this before. He had just turned 24; he and the Shelby family started cooperating during 1924. His father, John Winchester, was a lawyer too and worked for Arthur Shelby Sr. so it was a piece of cake for Dean to get into the business. The Blinders hired him as their personal lawyer. Soon, he was promised to Ada, even if both wanted different... things.
The cop nodded his head slowly. "I see. I still need someone to testify that this story of yours is true..."
Then, his phone rang. He took it off of his pocket and looked at the screen. "It's Sammy." He said out lout. "He will probably wondering where the hell we are." Castiel bit his lip uneasily, looking on hunter's eyes.
After a lot of thought and deep consideration, Cas admitted that Dean needed to get those babies out of him.
"Hey!" Sam walked quickly over him, looking curiously at the passenger's seat. The empty passenger's seat. "Dean!"
Sam frowned as he tried to concentrate; he drank a lot last night because… because of him. Because of the pretty blue eyed bartender.
Sammy pouted. "Fine. That's a shame thought... we're planning on going on a whore house after the party, me and Finn... you in?"
The girl’s eyes widened in shock. “Castiel?” she asked. “Castiel is that you?” The Russian accent was evident in her speech. She screamed and jumped on him, totally unladylike. Castiel chuckled and held her into his arms, crying. Natalia was crying too. “Oh my God, He heard our prayers! You came back to us!” she was now babbling in Russian so quickly, Cas wouldn’t be able to understand a word. He pulled her off his arms a little while, smiling at Dean. Natalia eyed the other man suspiciously.
He stood up, quickly pulling my underwear and pants up and pushing me into the corridor.  "Bathroom. Turn the water on. Now!"
A tall man entered the cell; Castiel would recognize him everywhere. The short hair, touching his chin were messier than ever. Castiel groaned. “Jesus… you’ll beat me up too, Sam? Let’s get over with it.” The man was sitting in the little bed on the corner, rubbing his eyes. He felt every inch of his being aching. He ached to see Dean, to know how he was…
"Shh... this has happened to us before, hasn't it? We'll make it... I'm sure there's a spell that..."
The angel's eyes fell on the floor in shame. "My apologies, Dean. I heard you calling me. What do you need?"
"D-Dean?" he said and pointed at the man. They both quickly got out of the car and looked at the man. He was wearing a trenchcoat and a suit, he had blue eyes and black hair and looked completely lost.
The harsh tone of the other terrified Dean. He sat down as he was instructed and looked up at the man; Thomas seemed calm and collected. “Why are you here?”
There he was; his voice sounded like angelic bells to Dean's ears. Son of a bitch. Dean's eyes filled with tears. "Angel..." Dean rushed to him and hugged the angel close to his chest. "An idiot, such an idiot... why did you do that? You didn't even think I might die? You killed me inside, you made me feel... like nothing."
Gabriel touched Dean's forehead and a few seconds later the older Winchester was laid on the couch, like he was sleeping. Gabriel disappeared and a few moments later he returned with a medical knife. "What's that? Don't you think I'll let you slaughter my brother…?" Sam said, frowning deeply. Gabriel snorted. "Oh, Moosey. I'd never do that." He said and snapped his fingers, the four of them transported to Dean's room. "Here. To be more comfortable." He hovered above Dean, marking the side of his belly who he needed to cut Sam frowned more as he watched. "How do you know so much about this?" He whispers. "Have you studied to Medical School?"
Dean lifted Cas's legs to his hips and kissed him deeply, licking the inside of his mouth, taking Cas' breath away. The ex angel surrendered to the feeling of being mated and claimed completely, feeling loved and needed. Dean was all he ever wanted and having him now felt like heaven.
"You started it" Sam shrugged and looked at her. "Would you do me the honor and tell me what the fuck is going on?"
He blinked once, his eyes getting blank. "Sammy's gone." He whispered devilishly. "Who are you? I don't know you."
Dean nodded and dipped down, kissing his belly, opening his shirt. "Don't worry... I know some things... I've had my experiences... Trust me"
Professor's words faded in his ears and Castiel felt something shiver inside his body. Next to him, Dean was smiling cheekily and winked at his direction, when he stared at him.
"I'm not him, Cas. I saved you because that's what anyone would have done. I love you" I hugged and kissed him vehemently. "I love you and I'm sorry for everything"
Cas sighs. “That’s bad… oh that’s so bad…” he walked up and down, anxiously. “I’ll go and quit the case. I can’t do this. That’s so fucking dangerous!”
Castiel sat next to him. He hugged his shoulders, trying to comfort him. Then it was when he noticed the ripped piece of paper on the blanked of the bed. There were a word and a monogram written on it.
"First thing to remember... that's not the way to fuck a woman... that's how guys do it". Castiel instructed and laid in bed, spreading his legs wide and throwing away his underwear; Dean sat close to him, still all blushes and shyness.
Castiel flied back to Heaven. The faces in front of him were angry, scared, terrified. Angels were preparing for the Apocalypse, he guessed. In a quick search, Castiel found Anna, a red-head Angel and approached her. Anna's face changed when she saw him.
"What the fuck, redeem herself? How about all those years? You never called or texted or even send a fucking letter! You never wondered how I am, or if I've food or a roof on my head! All those years I was alone and I did it just fine okay? I sure as hell don't need her and I don't need you! You did nothing to defend your own sister! Have you ever defended yourself, I wonder? Do you always comply, like the good soldier you're? Do you ever do your own thing? Do you even have friends Dee? A boyfriend? Does she let you to?"
Rowena smiled, a tear running down her face. "Don't mention it... How would I be able to see you kiss your angel and get your happy ending while one of you wasn't in life?"
For days all he did was reading; nothing distracted him. He had almost forgotten his sorrow and was concentrated on a purpose, to find the spell that would let them to enter the Empty and take back their friend.
All Dean could think about while he drove to meet Sam and Jack was one word; gone. He's gone. The angel, after he confessed his true feelings about him, just disappeared, let the Empty take him, like he didn't cared if Dean would survive after this or not. Dean hated him for this; he hated him, because how could he drop a bomb like this and then... Dean shivered. He couldn't even wrap his head around...this. He hoped Sam had an idea. He hoped Sam would help him...
Uriel nodded and stepped closer to Cas, ignoring Anna completely. "I'm sure you and God will be very disappointed when this Winchester kid fail."
Sam raised an eyebrow. "You?" The angel gave him a smirk. "I'm the angel of the babies, sugar. I thought you knew that"
Sam swallowed and blinked, eyeing at his brother, then at Cas, then at his brother, then at Cas, back and forth, back and forth...
I walked over him and pulled his earphones off the iPod. Whole Lotta Love starting blasting while he was staring at me, dumbfounded. He wasn't expecting me, heh? I stared back at him with my sluttiest grin, checking him out. He was only wearing a pair of boxers. I served the eggs on two plates, then started making some pancakes. He snapped out of it and relaxed, singing the song with me.
The Empty smirks, eyeing Dean up and down. "Hm. You know how to negotiate, boy. It's a deal. The last I'm doing with you." The Shadow dissapears and Dean let's out a breath he didn't knew he was holding. They return to bed. "What did you just did?" Cas asked, hugging Dean, who huffed. "I lied, that's what I did. Remember what I told you once? We people, when we want something really bad, we lie." Castiel smiled at the fond memory.
"Don't end up like her. You're doing her job, you try to do what she didn't. She fell for one of them. Don't get into that trap too, Castiel. It won't end well."
They ran away, out of this hideous house. It was silent since it was probably the middle of the night. Cas stole a horse from the stable and galloped away with Dean, back home.
"i don't know Sammy, I was thinking... well Cas is newly human... again. And I don't wanna take him clothes or something typical. I want it to mean something... I was thinking of maybe surprising him."
“Also… Sir.” Cas bit his lip. “Ada and Finn Shelby have nothing to do with this… The real responsible for this situation is Thomas Shelby, among with Polly Grey. They move the threads, while Arthur and John Shelby do the dirty work, the killings and the beat ups. Finn is just a tool, he’s a kid, he has nothing to do with it. And Ada… she was in France for so long… I’m sure she’s innocent” Cas confirmed.
His thrusts get frantic, bucking wild into Dean and the hunter sobs in pleasure, searching for Castiel’s eyes to latch on to them, blue and bright and blazing hot in mad lust.
Castiel chuckles, light-headed. «I love you too.» He brings his arm up to card through Dean’s hair with his fingers. Then he lets himself slowly fall forward, back sinuously arched as he rests on the bed, one arm folded under him and the other stretched above his head.
The hot water fills the bathroom with thick steam and runs down along his thighs and into the drain, leaving his skin feeling refreshed.
Castiel can’t help but feel flattered when Dean praises his prowess in bed, a sense of achievement warming him up inside. But he actually wants a straight answer to his question, to be able to imagine exactly how it is.
Dean slows down to balance himself as he leans forward, driving further into Castiel. He keeps his weight up on one elbow so that he’s not crushing the angel, but still close enough to brush against his back.
Then it’s time for a quick trip to the loo, where he washes the sleep off his face under the cold water of the faucet.
«Touch yourself, Dean.» Castiel growls, and Dean reaches around his own cock, gasping as he strokes it to the rhythm of Cass’s movements.
The end of the joint lights up again as he takes a second hit, deeper this time, and then hands it out to Dean as he exhales.
Castiel startles, like he had forgotten entirely about his nakedness. He brings one hand over his bare chest, considering the offer for a moment. Then he shakes his head. «No, just... turn off the light and get here.» He says, softly looking at Dean.
He takes off the blazer, and with one careless motion, slides the tie’s knot undone. With some effort, he opens the first buttons of his shirt as well. It feels like his grace is reverberating in his vessel. It’s strange, but not unpleasant.
He stills in his tracks when his eyes meet Cass’s, and time does this weird little thing where it stops abruptly. There’s a fragility in the angel’s face that he’s never seen before, like he could crumble at any moment. His heart fills with gratefulness, feeling ever so fortunate that Castiel trusts him so deeply. He’s not just allowing Dean to do this; he desperately wants him to.
He glances at Castiel, focused on placing the grinded weed on the thin, long paper in his hand. The angel reaches to take back the filter and places it at one end of the paper.
The angel nods. He searches for it in the breast pocket of his coat and once he finds it, he sheepishly slides it towards Dean over the table.
He loves how sex works for them now, loves being the one holding and pounding and feverishly kissing Dean’s skin, loves looking at his body as the hunter’s eyes get lost in his own, hearing him scream his name as if it were a desperate prayer, loves how Dean grips him tight to get faster, deeper, closer.
«Yeah well… I think it’s time I give it a second chance myself.» Dean admits, and meekly smiles back.
«Well, there’s a lot of stretching involved, especially in the beginning. I can feel my muscles easing as I warm up to it. You are quite thorough with my preparation, and I’m very used to it by now, so it’s not usually painful. But even when we rush it, I don’t mind if it burns a bit. Excitement makes it pleasurable anyway. It helps a lot that you can read me so well you always get the right pace. And when we really get to it, oh, it’s so good. I feel full, and it’s like my hole was meant to be stuffed by you. Then there’s the thrusting, it’s like waves of pleasure. And you know how I lose it when you hit the prostate just right. It’s all very… intense. And amazing.» He says, his voice getting thicker towards the end.
Castiel doesn’t really smoke, Dean struggles to convince himself when the angel lights up a cigarette after sex, even if that never happens more than once a week and the angel has never a strong craving for them. But the nicotine after an orgasm feels good, or so Castiel says.
Dean feels a bit out of place and a bit too old for any of this. He hasn’t smoked weed since that time when he was sixteen, and it felt way sketchier to come by it back then. He shoves the memory out of his head with a grimace. By any means, it hadn’t been a positive experience.
But he has stopped undressing over that point, so any other accessory of clothing is still on his person.
«It’s not just about the act itself. That is rather innocuous on its own. What I’m really asking is for you to take charge, which… scares me. Don’t get me wrong, I trust you with every inch of my soul, and you are so considerate when it comes to my comfort, which I’m beyond grateful for. But despite how curiosity has clearly taken the better out of me, I still feel conflicted about it… I don’t know how I’ll react to it in the moment. So I understand if you don’t want to deal with the possibility of a negative outcome.»
He works in one digit at first, and a second follows suit soon after as his head keeps on bobbing on Dean’s cock. He keeps a slow rhythm to his administrations, and Dean falls into it like it’s a trance, humming and rocking in-between Cass fingers and his mouth.
There’s only silence lingering in the air for a moment. It’s not because Castiel doesn’t know how to reply, but rather out of respect. He lets the words take up all the time they deserve to settle in.
Dean hasn’t read any fiction in a long time, or anything outside what’s needed for work anyway. But there is actually a book that stands out in his mind.
«You were dealt a lot of pain in your life you never deserved.» The angel whispers, combing through the short chestnut hair.
And then it all comes crashing down on him, as he comes alive in a mixture of pain and pleasure and sheer amazement.
"The Green Holden" is a reference to the title's translation of The Catcher in the Rye in my mother tongue ("Il Giovane Holden", in Italian). Also, I'm quite fond of beers, and I like overthinking about the tiny things those two would enjoy in their off time.
«It’s a textbook on quantum mechanics, it’s really interesting.» Castiel replies idly, concentrated on the flavour of the rye on his tongue.
«You look beautifully obscene like this, Dean.» It’s like the praise reaches into his soul, and he has to close his eyes to fully take it in.
«And now, fuck me.» He demands, his voice charged, sultry and sexy beyond reason. Dean blindly obliges.
There’s a different pace to Dean’s movements compared to the angel’s forceful snaps, more of a shallow roll of his hips and closer to a canter. He is gentler, more controlled, and pleasure floods Castiel in waves, gradually building up. He can feel the curve of Dean’s cock inside, rubbing against him, touching him within and filling him at each of the hunter’s thrusts.
«I can feel it stretch…» He says, his voice thick. «Just… keep going.» He searches for Dean’s hand on his chest and grips it tight over his heart.
Fuck Roman Polanski, but his movies are bloody good, damn that absolute wanker. I don't regret pirating them one bit.
He joins Castiel on the bed, carefully sitting by the edge, and he brings one hand to rest on the angel’s bare thigh. He circles his thumb over it, mindlessly.
«Out of curiosity, what was that tome you were reading this morning?» Dean asks, cleaning the foam from his upper lip with the back of his hand. The beer is mild, with a thin consistency, but it has a pleasantly fruity, bitter aftertaste which he enjoys.
And so they sit, with their glasses in front of each other while some obscure alternative rock plays on the vinyl player in a corner.
The angel accepts it without question. It feels experimental and new and not entirely the same thing as a kiss. They fumble against each other’s, tasting and lapping. Then Castiel catches Dean’s tongue in his lips and sucks it.
He has this fear, lodged deep in his mind, to see him slip and end up like the fallen angel he met in 2014, in that crappy timeline he was plunged into by Zacharia. The sheer misery that clouded alt-Cass’s bright blue eyes… it’s gut wrenching just to think back at it.
The notion eases the lump that’s been in the hunter’s throat this whole time, though the meticulous way in which Cass is now rolling up the joint still has him feeling a bit squeamish.
As the neon sign on the top of the entrance informs, the store is called High Heaven. The irony is not lost on either of them. Dean groans out a peeved «Seriously?», when he kills Baby’s engine in the shop’s parking lot. A small, amused snort rolls out of Castiel instead.
And sure enough, the angel can’t help biting his lips at the sight, because it doesn’t matter how many times he has seen his naked body, it always manages to awe him.
Dean's lips are barely curved upwards, but his eyes are clearly smiling, appreciating the view with such a gentle gaze that makes Castiel feel treasured. The hunter nods to him, instantly silencing away all his reservations.
Dean chuckles, but he’s rather impressed by how much content the angel can chew through. «Cass, that’s not what we’d call lighter.»
Also, you know it's a fanfic when people always come at the same time during sex. The whole "yeah, I'll just quickly jerk it off, just give me a moment babe" isn't as pretty.
«Would you like to hear what I have in mind for you?» He whispers. The angel nods, his eyes still closed to the unusual sensations.
«Thanks, but there is something else that would fit well there right now.» Castiel grins, all sly and mellow at the same time, and Dean feels like melting simply at the thought of it.
Castiel’s right hand is placed exactly where he had left his imprint on Dean’s biceps. The scar is long gone now, but it feels like there’s still the shadow of its ridges left behind. Like the mark has been planted way deeper under the skin, right into Dean’s soul, where the hunter has left it free to spread its roots, accepting it into himself without any protest, letting it thrive, and caring to make it blossom.
At last, he weaves his arms under Castiel’s thighs, his hands reaching around his waist, locking the angel in place. His face is properly buried in his ass now and he laps at him without holding back.
Castiel on the other hand prefers to sip weiss beers and blanches, with their soft, buttery texture yet slightly acidic flavours, or full bodied whiskies.
«But… There is one thing I’ve kept for a while now.» He says, his voice wavering uncertain like he’s not sure he should be talking about it.
«Easy there, tiger.» Dean chuckles, but the thought of food suddenly stirs quite the hunger in his stomach. «Honestly though, I could really do with a pizza delivery right now…»
My characterization of these two comes from the first five seasons only, as I haven't watched anything past that.
Dean rests his head on his pecs, breathing in his scent with a content hum. «Any consideration to make about tonight?» He lazily wonders.
The post-orgasm bliss fades away soon enough, but the high is still there. Dean whines about wanting to ride it out draped all over Castiel, but he needs some proper clean-up which the angel refuses to grant with a miracle.
Eyes shut tight and eyebrows drawn in pleasure, he calls Dean’s name in uneven, ragged pants, shaking with the need to be filled with his lover’s cock.
Castiel is high on the novelty of it, so different, so fulfilling. He still won’t touch his own dick, now throbbing and leaking precum at each touch of his prostate. He wants to get lost in these new sensations until he can’t take any more of it.
I'm sorry I've written not one, but two showers in this fic. Not very ecologic, but no way I'd send those two to bed without some proper clean up after that.
«How does it feel on that side?» Dean asks casually, getting closer to him. He places the lube and the towel on the bed beside him. Standing right behind Castiel, his fingers skim along the angel’s spine, sending a shiver running through it.
In the wake of that fuck, Castiel has started wondering what it would feel like to be on the receiving end. Dean’s enjoyment for it makes it look rather appealing, and while he’s intrigued by the idea, for some reason it doesn’t sound as natural to him as giving it to his lover.
They have their hands buried deep in each other’s hair, and there’s laughter on their lips as they yank and haul their bodies against one another on every wall.
It’s lazy and blissful, the wet sounds of Castiel’s sucking wash through Dean in waves until his ass is pliant and relaxed and ready for more.
When Castiel breaths into him a fourth time Dean doesn’t move away. He opens his mouth more to let the smoke escape in rivulets around the corners of their lips and slips his tongue into Castiel.
All the air gets sucked out of Castiel's lungs. It is further than where it got to before, in the shower. Now the sensation has a real depth within himself and it’s a strange concept to adjust to.
Dean is not sure he has gotten all the points, but the general outline is still clear enough to him. «You talk about the Word with so much reverence despite everything that’s happened.» He considers.
«Wait, let me get me out of this stuff.» Dean mutters, clothes feeling unnecessary on him right now. Castiel backs off and watches him slide out of his shirt and jeans.
Dean shuts him up with a kiss, ungracefully crashing his grin against Castiel’s open mouth. «Well, but does it hurt?» He asks with a cocked up eyebrow as he withdraws.
Now, the bulge in Castiel’s boxers is growing by the minute, trying to imagine what it felt like for Dean at that moment. To be touched tenderly while being pleasured from deep within. It is such a different scenario from what he’s used to, and it scares him and excites him at the same time.
If I recall correctly, Dean's name in the show really comes from Kerouac's novel, and I'm a big ass fan and scholar of anything beatnik, so I just took the chance to write that in. Having his mother's copy of the book in Baby's dashboard is an idea I shamelessly stole from another fanfic I've read some months ago but that I sadly can't find anymore (it was a recreational drug use fic, and there were some references about a pine forest, so if any of you know which one I'm talking about send me a line plz).
He now knows that even if his vessel was once Jimmy’s, Dean only recognizes Castiel in it. He doesn’t see any random man in his naked body.
When Dean asked him if he could wash his hair over the sink, Castiel was rather confused by the proposition. He accepted nevertheless, thinking nothing of it. But Dean’s fingers gently working a silky, flowery shampoo onto his scalp -and Castiel suspects he had bought it specifically for the task- made him feel so unexpectedly good and relaxed.
«Come get it, Dean.» Cass says, inviting Dean on his lap. The hunter promptly straddles him, his knees by the sides of Cass’s hips.
It’s a bit coarse and it scrapes against his throat as it goes down to his lungs. It’s harsher than tobacco, but he doesn’t mind it much and it has some damp, hearty undertones that he actually enjoys.
«You know, maybe I don’t mind you doing pot every now and then.» Dean confesses. «I like hearing you laugh this much.» He smiles as he drags Castiel’s hand to his mouth and places a mindless kiss into it.
«Well, they invited me to join them for a smoke right after class, hiding somewhere behind the school building. I tried to play it cool like it wasn’t my first time, but I was scared shitless. I coughed like crazy on the first drag, the taste felt really off in the beginning.»
«I’ve been thinking about it for a while now, and the thought really got me going last night, as you must have noticed. Dean, I’m asking you, would you mind if we tried switching roles during sex?» The question rushes out of his mouth as if he were ripping off a band-aid.
«Cass, you know you can tell me.» He encourages and proceeds to take the angel’s index in his mouth to idly suck at it, knowing very well how much Castiel enjoys that.
«Well, I haven’t tried it yet.» The angel replies, tongue in cheek, squeezing Dean’s hand in his fingers.
The hunter blinks with so much bewilderment that he worries he’s said something terribly wrong, but Dean’s voice sounds fuzzy, like the angel has unknowingly fulfilled some fantasy of his.
Dean blinks, overwhelmed by Castiel’s voice in his ears and his body around him, all too much to take in. He was supposed to lead the angel through this, but all of a sudden, he’s lost at sea, desperately trying to swim against the current.
«Can’t have countless one-night stands for years without picking up some skills.» Dean quips, getting a laugh out of the angel.
«Well, after that night, the pleasure you seemingly got out of it has… sparked my curiosity.» The angel is choosing his words carefully, clearly having a hard time voicing what’s on his mind. His hand automatically reaches for his neck. Nevertheless, he pushes through.
Castiel snickers as he turns the grinder in his hands, crushing some weed’s buds in it. «I can picture that crystal clear, yes.»
«We’ll talk about it in the morning, Ok?» Castiel says, feeling like he owes the other an explanation.
They leave the dispensary carrying a shopping bag with a glaring cannabis leaf printed on. There’s some cheer right at the corners of the angel’s mouth, just slight of a smile.
«Exactly. The Word of God is the substance out of which everything is shaped, the one true constant of the universe. And one of the objects of quantum physics is to get to that. It’s astounding how many things your kin has found out so far in its search. As I said, it’s very unlikely you’ll ever get to the bottom of it, but you are making incredible progress uncovering the forces and consequences that the Word dictates on the observable universe. Obviously, what you know is barely a fraction of how things work, but it’s still impressive. And the way you explain it all is just as fascinating, it is so different from how we angel would talk about it, yet the content is the same.»
«Don’t be blasphemous, Dean.» Castiel scolds him, but there’s a wide smirk on his face as he takes his mouth off him and slips his fingers out. They make a slick lewd noise and Dean feels entirely too empty without them inside.
"I know what you want to say." Dean finally confessed. "That I was always hating Cas and how against homosexuality your God is."
A few moments passed without feeling anything and Dean opened his eyes. Cas was gone. Dean closed his eyes sighing deeply and he fell backwards on the couch, trying to catch his breath.
"What are you thinking of?" Dean whispered; Cas' face seemed neutral and thinking. The hunter kissed his nose and smiled softly as he swiftly moved inside him slowly,as to not hurt him.
"I know you're still in there, man" Dean muttered, feeling his heart tearing apart. "I know I failed you. I didn't protect you. I know dad is waiting me to Hell, to kick my ass. But it's okay. I can't do this without you, dude. You're all I have." He whispered, tears falling. Cas swallowed thickly. Watching Dean like this… Felt like hell.
"Just take a break, kid" Dean pats his shoulder. "You were good back there... you helped us a lot the whole week. I think you should take some rest. Let's go" he grabbed the Impala's keys and walked outside, followed by the angel.
"That spell… The witch cursed you with.." he muttered. "You started to gain weight after our encounter with the witch?"
"Look at me, Dean" he demanded. When the hunter stared, Cas smiled faintly. "We'll get him back. You hear me? We'll get him back." Dean nodded and hugged him tight, his eyes getting watery immediately.
"Dean." he whispered, but Dean never looked back at him. Castiel could feel the heartbeat, the boiling of the hunter's blood inside his veins. Castiel tried again. "Dean, look at me."
After a while, thinking what he said, he laughed to himself intensely. Dean? With Cas? That was more than a hilarious idea!
"Whoa, whoa, hold on a second, angel" Dean exclaimed, looking at his best friend. "I'm a man. I can't deliver. How the hell am I supposed to give birth to…my children?"
"Castiel, my boy, step closer" he said, calling him to come in front of everyone. With a decisive step forward, he was at the bench where the cauldron with the potion was.
"Jeez, I know, stop whining! So, here's the plan - me and Eileen are coming over. You guys are our back up. I get inside and Eileen comes with me. We act like we're... the most open minded couple ever, that go in strip clubs together. We'll attract the Goddess and destroy her. We know she can be killed by a white oak stake, right through her heart. I suggest Cas is the one doing the killing, since you're a human and she can sense -"
Sam closed his eyes and moaned. When he opened them again, his eyes were almost black with lust. She smiled nastily and leaned to kiss him. He kissed back, pulling back and biting her lip harshly, causing it to bleed. "The answer is still no." She groaned and stabbed him in the heart."That's the last drop of blood you'll ever cause!" she screamed as she stabbed the spot repeatedly. After a while, the stabbed heart stopped beating. Sam was dead.
Castiel breathes against his skin and weed makes Dean so sensible he isn’t sure if he can bear Castiel’s mouth around him.
When Dean opens his eyes, his sight is flooded by the morning light. He blinks and squints them for a moment to adjust, then glances to his left to check if Castiel is still there. He’s not surprised or worried when he doesn’t see the angel.
This fic is pretty much sexual therapy for my own mental health. I'm a trans man, and I've had my fair share of terrible sexual encounters that left me quite wary of being seen/touched in bed, and to bottom altogether. Cass's issues with his body are modeled straight after my own brand of body dysphoria, and its related sexual complications. Luckily for him, Dean is a much better partner than the ones I've had for myself.
«It’s not about your vessel, Cass. It’s you, the way you move, act, the way you are. It’s always you. You are beautiful.» He repeats, swallowing down and praying to God he hasn’t just made a mess.
«Cass, I barely know what that word means when I’m sober.» Dean giggles, his fingers carding the wisps of the angel’s hair. «It means I’m high, Dean.» He declares heartily as he lifts Dean’s shirt and brushes his lips against the bare skin, trailing lazy kisses all over his chest until he lands on the hunter’s right nipple.
«I’ll come on your ass if you keep it up like this, Cass.» He warns him, as he can’t help bucking against the angel, looking for some friction.
«Don’t tell me you wouldn’t have the stamina for two rounds if needed.» He says hotly, nibbling at the angel’s ear. Castiel can’t quite deny that.
Despite the composure in his voice, Dean’s face is flushed, hot, and he looks like he could just break in a fit if the cap on the bottle of lube doesn’t collaborate fast enough. He finally gets it to open and squeezes its content on his fingers.
The hunter raises his glass to him. «Cheers Cass. To us, and most importantly tonight, to your ass.» The toast gets a roll of his eyes out of the angel, but it’s soon followed by an affectionate sneer at Dean’s daftness. They strike their glasses together, and proceed to take the first sips of their respective drinks.
It’s weird and unusual yet vaguely hot. Dean groans, and the way his tongue vibrates, stuck in between the angel’s lips, arouses him even more.
He thinks back to the one time he indulged Dean’s Western fantasies and wore leather cowboy boots, a fringed shirt and a wide brimmed hat. The hunter had rarely been that turned on, cries of pleasure coming out of him freely as the angel fucked him. Dean’s eyes were a pool of lust and wanton abandonment. Castiel felt powerful like never before, drunk on Dean’s sounds and his dishevelled expression.
So I apologize to all theologists and physics alike. Feynman, I'm sorry I brought quantum mechanics into this. And I'm also sorry, Tolstoy, I've never even read anything from you.
«I hit the joint maybe three times when the high hit suddenly and I got paranoid. I was so hang up on trying to get a grip and not make a fool of myself in front of them. I just didn’t expect it to be that different from being drunk, I guess. I chickened out real fast and walked back to the motel where we were staying. It was the longest five minutes’ walk of my life, and the most uncomfortable by a long shot. I have no clue how people can get used to be high and function somewhat normally.» He winces and shakes his head to get the image of alt-Cass, casually admitting to being
The angel shakes his head, a bit dejected. «No. I think as a soldier of God it’s hard to form any connection to material possessions.» He pauses, and his brow furrows as if something has just come to him.
Not that Castiel, mighty angel of the Lord, actually needs showers, but he has grown fond of them thanks to Dean. He hadn’t realized it at first, but the hunter had worked out a rather ingenious way to ease up his relationship with his vessel.
There’s a lively blue shine dancing in his eyes, and his expression is soft and content, even as his eyebrows are slightly pinched in concentration.
«I love you.» He repeats, and his arms wrap tight on Castiel’s body, nails digging in on his chest, and his head falls against the angel’s shoulder.
The hunter rubs against the small lump hidden there, gently pressing it with the pad of his fingers, making the angel squirm under him. There’s almost no resistance from Castiel’s muscles now, and Dean parts his fingers inside, moving them in and out of it, further stretching him.
Castiel drags the hunter into a deep, hungry kiss, his fingers still briskly stroking his full length. «Mh, yes, such a fervent man of faith.»
Its weight and shape are still familiar as he turns it around in his hands. He can’t help but look at it fondly.
«Because it sounds interesting, and the downsides are negligible.» Castiel answers plainly and Dean can’t come up with anything to counter that.
With the sunrays pouring from the window, Castiel looks like he’s glowing, and the way the light filters through his hair around his head almost gives off the illusion of a halo. It’s always impressive how angelic he looks even in his vessel, like it’s a quality so ingrained to his being that it comes through in all of his forms.
Also, communication is key and those two really do it right for once. Dean is an idiot and not quite good with words, but it's also pretty canon he's a very attentive and affectionate lover so I hope he doesn't feel too OOC.
«And it is lighter than Tolstoy, right? Because to be honest, I did find War and Peace a bit slow…» Castiel lowers his voice as he says that, like he’s embarrassed to admit it.
«Cass… just, take me. I need you, need you so bad right now.» He begs in a broken whimper, his mind going crazy with want, everything made so intense by the weed.
Every second hit Castiel blows the smoke into Dean’s mouth until there’s nothing but the oily roach left behind. The angel puts it out in an ashtray on the bedside table.
«Remember when I wore that Western outfit during sex?» Castiel’s incipit takes Dean by surprise, but recalling the event, a delighted, naughty smirk spreads on his face as confirmation.
Such a heartfelt reaction makes Dean’s own throat itchy with emotions. «I’ll get you a new string for it if you’d like to wear it.» He coughs at the end of the sentence to cover his own affect.
Castiel gives him a paper filter he has just rolled up tight to hold for the moment, and Dean takes it in his hand. He frowns a little, but he keeps the discomfort to himself, pressing on with the story.
Every now and then, Dean dips his fingers lower towards his butt, taking his time to reach it. When he gets there, he kneads at it with leisure, enjoying its roundness.
He slowly shortens the range of his movement to start focusing on the ring of muscles there, circling around it. He can feel the angel’s breath getting deliberately deeper while his pulse quickens. He plants a kiss on Castiel’s neck and then rests his forehead there.
«Was that enough for you to not try it again?» Castiel asks and his tongue swiftly wets the paper’s glue to seal it off. Dean is genuinely impressed by how neat the angel’s first ever blunt looks.
«Right. Cass, if you trust me enough to try it, then yes, I'd happily take you up on your wish. But you have to be real with me, ok? If anything, and I really do mean anything, feels off you tell me immediately. Think you can do that?» He explains the condition with firmness, but there’s a complicit smile on his lips as well which suggests he’s very keen on the idea.
«I… I’ve never read much if not for a hunt, but there’s this novel I like a lot. It’s called On The Road, by Kerouac. It’s about two guys driving all over the US in the late 40s, and how their relationship grows and changes through the years. It’s bleak at times but also very poetic. At least that’s what I think of it. I can lend it to you if you want.»
«True, but I want to get there with you inside me tonight.» The thought alone makes Castiel’s dick twitch, and Dean clearly notices.
Dean hums as he kisses his way along the line of Cass’s jaw. «You’re taking me so well.» He hazily compliments, genuinely impressed and thankful for it.
Then, he puts the joint down and turns to wrap his arms around Dean, on hand buried in the strands of his hair. Dean relaxes in the hug straight away, his fingers tugging on the back of Castiel’s blazer. Not quite digging in, but still grasping it firmly just because it feels good to have something to hold on.
«Oh no, that’s not the reason. When I got to the motel room I was confused and everything still felt really fucking weird, but it wasn’t that bad… Then dad came back.» There’s a drop in Dean’s voice that Castiel immediately picks up on.
Castiel’s ass isn’t as plump as Dean’s bubble-butt, but it is firm and cushy at the same time, and the way it juts out from his bony hips is perfect in his own way.
Castiel lets it go for a moment, which makes Dean groan in objection. «Get the lube, Dean.» The angel instructs and Dean’s protests die on his lips. He reaches out to get the bottle in the drawer, but Castiel doesn’t cut him any slack. He puts his hands on his ass, drawing him in, and takes him all in his mouth as he does so.
Falling asleep with Castiel helps though. His lover’s presence seems to keep the nightmares away most of the time, which lowers his ‘just awakened grumpiness’ by a considerable amount.
«Yes, yes. I’m getting there.» Dean assures, breathless, stunned, eager to satisfy his lover. He has one hand on the small of the angel's back while the other guides his dick to his hole.
«I want you inside of me. Now.» The words spill out of Castiel’s mouth feverish, and even if they sound commanding, he’s begging for it, holding on to Dean.
«Lord, you taste good.» Dean mouths, his voice dreamy like he’s just as entranced by the experience himself.
He can clearly picture Dean’s eyes opening in surprise, while the hand on his waist stills for a moment.
They moan into each other’s mouth, and when Dean starts to grind back, eager for Cass to get rougher, the angel picks up on the clue and shoves in further, faster.
«We are here exactly for it.» Dean replies upbeat, before noticing the disconcerted look on his lover’s face. «No, not like that, you’re not doing it for the first time in a pub, that’d be terrible. Trust me, been there, done that. But having just a drink before, well, maybe five or six in your case, actually helps relaxing. The stuff we have at home is cheap as fuck and it’s been a while since the last time we’ve been on a date, so I figured why not just go out for a change?»
Dean’s hand, the one who’s not holding him up, grazes on the angel’s skin so delicately, his fingers barely touching him. He caresses the curve of his waist, the bumps of his spine, then reaches around to brush his belly, leaving goosebumps on Castiel’s skin after his passage, awakening the angel to the responses of his body.
«You know I’m a devout man.» Dean retorts, feigning offense as he helps Castiel take his underwear out of the way.
«Fuck, you are hot.» Castiel whispers, his voice made rougher and his tongue filthier by the weed. He looks at him with drowsy, adoring eyes. Dean can’t hold back a stunned laughter; he doesn’t get to hear the angel swear nearly enough.
Castiel groans, but if anything his nerves seem to have loosened into mild annoyance, which Dean takes as a victory.
The clerk is a girl in her late twenties, with blonde hair, an undercut and a long list of piercings and tattoos. She greets them with a polite smile, asking them if they are after anything specific or if they need some help picking something for their needs.
Castiel’s right hand sheepishly reaches for the nape of his neck, as he always does like clockwork when he’s self-conscious or embarrassed by anything sexual. One would think he has grown past his awkwardness about those topics, yet this feels like a whole new domain for him.
«Anyway, I’ll give it to you, it does sound interesting. But do you ever think about venturing into some lighter reading as well?»
When it finally gets past it and inside, it’s like a shattering, brand-new revelation sets off in them.
He starts by placing his hand on it, taking it up in his fist with care. Dean shudders as Cass gives it a few tentative strokes while his tongue laps at his balls. He looks straight up into Dean’s eyes, brash and flushed. Then his mouth finally closes around it, and he hums against the weight of it on his tongue.
But now, as he feels it against his ass, he pictures it disappearing into him, stretching and filling him as Dean has described. He rolls back on it, tentatively at first, but his movements build up soon enough.
Dean’s hands rub his back in a soothing massage, undoing the many knots in his muscles of which he wasn’t even aware until they relax under Dean’s touch.
They kiss, sloppily, mouths open wide, riding out the last waves of pleasures as they shudder against one another in their dampening underwear.
Like desire is a fire running through his veins and Castiel is the only one that’s going to save him from turning into ashes. Like its flame burns for the angel and the angel only, and he’s kindling and extinguishing water all the same.
The hunter takes it up, and he’s flooded with the memory of how happy he felt when Sam gifted it to him, on that Christmas day from many years ago. And he also remembers how frustrated he was when Castiel gave it back, after it had failed the angel on his quest to find God.
«Take me, please.» He growls, his want so intense he feels like he could shatter if Dean waits any further.
Castiel’s tone is apologetic, but Dean isn’t angry at all. «So you have it here? Can I get it one moment?» He quietly asks.
And so they’re fucking again, and Castiel quivers as Dean drives into him in deliberate, deep thrusts while he works the angel’s cock in his hand, sliding up the shaft and caressing the head.
Dean senses it and places a chaste kiss onto his forehead. He’s still dazed, but his caring side immediately kicks in.
Castiel looks at him warmly. «You have so many little things that are dear to your heart, Dean. That is very sweet.»
He drags his feet towards the kitchen, where a warm cup of coffee is already waiting for him on the table. On a chair by the opposite side, Castiel seats with a hefty book in his hands. He wears his usual outfit, but the trench coat and the blazer are mindlessly placed over the backrest of his seat. The angel has recently started taking them off when he’s inside and the change somehow manages to make him look even more out of place than before, which amuses Dean quite a lot.
He moans, a dirty sound full of satisfaction as his whole body shivers. His eyes open heavily lidded, the heat on his cheeks scorching hot, lips parted, grinning with indulgence.
The angel sits against the headrest of the bed, fresh sheets now on, squirming ever so slightly because his ass still feels empty and confused.
«It should be illegal how hot you are. I mean, I didn’t think it possible that someone could make me come in my underwear with some dry-humping past the age of 14, yet here we are.» He complains, with a furrowed brow and farfetched disapproval.
Dean shrugs. They aren’t really that many. There’s Baby, with the little green army man jammed in the back and the Lego brick stuck in the vents, the movie tickets for Groundhog Day in his wallet, which was his present for Sam’s tenth birthday, and his mother’s copy of On the Road. Maybe dad’s journal could make the list as well, but he’s conflicted about it.
Dean leans forward, one knee on the bed and his weight on one arm while the other reaches for Castiel’s ribs. Hovering over the angel, he plants a kiss right in the middle of his shoulder blades.
Castiel hums with approval. «Yes, stretch me open until you’ll fit all inside…» He muses, feeling his own muscles loosen up, like they’re eager for it.
«Good.» Dean softly whispers, resuming his administrations. He adds a back and forth motion to his finger, a steady rhythm that makes the angel hum in content. At each push, Castiel feels himself open, getting used to the width of it. It doesn’t take much before he starts wishing for more.
They sit close in front of each other on the bed, their knees raised and leaning against ones’ another’s.
Tonight, Castiel lays on his left side, spooned into the curve of Dean’s body under the covers, the hunter’s steady breath in his ear and his right hand caressing his bare waist. His hands are big, and his fingers a bit callous against the soft skin on Cass’s side but the angel cherishes the sensation.
Dean looks at him with a dazed smile. «How are you doing?» He slurs out his words. The angel wobbles his head to the side, weighing the question in his mind. «The world feels so… volatile.» He comments as he leans towards Dean, his hands grazing on the other’s body over his clothes like he’s trying to commit to memory his shapes.
The air is full of their noises, the smack of skin against skin, lubed wetness, their names called out in rich moans, and it sounds like the most exquisite, filthy, music to their ears.
Castiel takes up on the offer of some guidance, candidly admitting he has never tried it before. They follow the girl’s finger as she points to different strains on display in big glass jars, as she explains the difference between them. Cass listens attentively, while Dean’s drifting off. It all sounds the same to him.
«I’ll get us cleaned and I’ll find some new underwear and a shirt for you. How does that sound?» He soothes, his eyes looking for confirmation in Cass’s own. The angel nods, grateful.
Dean listens attentively, pondering Castiel’s words in his head. «How exactly would you want me to take charge?» He questions.
He feels the angel’s body twitch against his own, and he doesn’t need to see his face to know there’s a displeased frown hanging on Cass’s brow.
«Is this fine?» He asks with a bit of apprehension. It’s not the first time now he’s hugged him without any layer of clothing on -underwear not withstanding-, but it has never been during any sexual act.
The angel doesn’t need to sleep, but each night he’ll get in bed with Dean just because he likes it. He doesn’t usually stay until morning; generally, he spends around two hours simply enjoying the warmth of his lover, sometimes hugging him, sometimes hugged by him. Then, when he’s sure Dean’s fast asleep, he slips out of bed, looks back at him with a soft smile, and gets on with his day.
«Could you… get closer, please?» He pleads, with uncharacteristic meekness. Dean obliges, bringing his body flush against the angel and embracing him with his free arm.
The morning after Dean woke up sore, but so thoroughly pleased he beamed the whole day. Around noon Sam made the mistake to ask what was up with his cheer. «It’s all thanks to the cowboy right here.» His brother said, as he shot a side glance at Castiel with a wide, suggestive smirk. Horrifying Sam with casual allusions to their sex life has become one of Dean’s favourite activities.
When he felt satisfied with that, he brought his hand to the hunter’s mouth. Dean licked at the palm with unfettered enthusiasm, then his lips closed around each finger, his tongue swirling between them, sucking on them to get every drop of his own semen. During all of this, he was still looking at Castiel with heavy lidded eyes.
Castiel loudly groans, the thought of Dean’s warm cum wetting their underwear and his back nearly sends him over the edge right there and then.
It’s only then that Castiel realizes he’s naked -save for his trousers still pooled around his ankles just like Dean’s- and trapped in between the hunter’s forearms beside his head as his fingers still grip the strands of his dark hair, tight yet careful not to pull on them.
Castiel already knows all of this. He has seen it before in the hunter’s eyes. He has heard it countless times now, quietly whispered in his love confessions. He believes the words without question.
The angel’s voice is measured, collected. He’s past his initial shyness. But there's still a distict dose of concern.
‘Dean is eating me’ is all Castiel can think of in his head, over and over again. His cock stands upright against his belly, but he’s enjoying the moment so much he doesn’t even consider reaching for it.
Then Dean relaxes again, and Castiel knows he’s smiling now, with that soft yet amused smile of his, too tender to be really called a grin.
«You’ve been hard this whole time?» Dean asks, slightly perplexed by Castiel’s reticence. His fingers however are already slipping under the cotton of the boxers, wrapping around the angel without question.
The pleasure is so intense it’s like a knife to his brain, like blissful agony, and he just gives in to it, trusting his lover to take care of him.
There’s something about Dean’s hardness that is always sexy, and Castiel loves it in his mouth while toying with the balls in his hands, or when it bounces against Dean’s belly when the hunter's riding him.
He still has some hang ups every now and then, and Dean always leaves him complete agency over how undressed he gets. It often translates to his shirt staying on during sex, but he likes Dean’s fingers wandering under it or undoing the first three or four bottoms well enough.
«Good… This is pleasant.» The angel admits, low and appeased. The touches so far have been sensual rather than sexual, keeping him hard while getting him comfortable with being touched there.
«Sure. Goodnight, Cass. ‘Love you.» Dean drowsily replies. As he yawns, he closes his eyes to the sight of Castiel’s peaceful expression.
When they step into the shop a strong smell hits their noses, and unexpectedly it is not the acrid, sickeningly sweet one of cannabis. There is incense burning and the scent makes Dean head slightly dizzy. Castiel on the other hand, breaths in the fragrance with a smile.
«So, tell me Dean, who do you pray to?» The angel wraps his fingers on his own erection. He shivers in pleasure, covering it in what’s left of the lube on his hand.
Finally, they can stumble back together on the bed, and it’s all so chill and quiet and Dean’s nestled, snug, into the curve of Castiel’s body, held in place by the angel’s arm.
Then Castiel breaths out and the smoke flows into Dean. It’s not as strong or pungent and Dean gets it down into his lungs without trouble. They part just enough so that Dean can exhales it in the little space between their faces.
Dean starts off with shallow circular movements, getting ever so slightly deeper at each turn of his fingers. He takes a deep breath, holds Castiel tightly, and twists his wrist to reach for the prostate.
The angel’s eyes open wide with child-like wonder and for a long moment he just keeps marvelling at it, not daring to stretch out his hand towards it.
So, through touching and nakedness under the casual pretence of grooming, one small step after the other, the angel has slowly started claiming ownership of his human form.
«Cass, I am serious though. I would be happy to try that out.» His voice deepens into a softer, earnest tone, and he looks at Castiel with genuine affection. «Alright?» He extends his hand on the table to reach for the angel’s, squeezing it in reassurance.
«Oh come on, that’s not a generous review. I want proper feedback.» Dean complains with overblown grumpiness, nudging his head against the angel’s hand behind his ear.
Despite having just come, when Castiel withdrew his hand, Dean begged him in breathless whispers to not pull out yet, to keep fucking him. Castiel chuckled and then, without hesitation, he obliged.
«Yes, I rebelled from Heaven’s former hierarchy. I rejected my faith in God. But it doesn’t change the beauty of creation.» His tone is slightly bittersweet recalling the events caused by the near-apocalypse, but it gets mellower as he contemplates the structure of the universe.
Which means he’s sporting his usual blazer, and that shirt that so desperately needs to be ironed, and the crumpled tie, and nothing more than his boxers and his socks on his lower body.
The angel’s fingers tap nervously on the now empty glass of whiskey, while his eyes are firmly planted in his lap. He looks like a kid who’s been caught stealing candy. «Yes, well… I fished it back from that trash can. I… I’m sorry if I held to it, I’m not sure why I did it. Maybe I thought I’d give it back to you one day, but it has sat in my coat ever since.»
Dean shakes his head as he pouts, disgruntled. «I see this stuff hasn’t improved much.» He complains.
Castiel feels wet, smothered in Dean’s spit as he keeps prodding and darting his tongue over his hole, around it, ever so slightly inside.
«Patience, Cass.» Dean says tenderly. The angel rises on his arms, turning his head to look at him with dazed eyes.
Before discovering the place, there was only one type of beer he cared for: the golden, slightly alcoholic and preferably ice-cold one. Now, he has developed a taste for IPAs and red ones, while he doesn’t fully understand stouts.
So, Dean walks to the bathroom and gets on with the post-fuck routine, but it all feels funny around him. He laughs at his own clumsiness and Castiel laughs with him, and it takes way longer than what it should to get it done, but there’s something genuinely heartening about how he feels so comfortable fooling around with the angel like this.
The admission rolls out of Dean’s tongue before he can catch himself. He holds his breath, terrified of how the angel may take it and cursing himself in his head.
«Alright.» Dean whistles, and he gets up to look for a towel and some change for them both. He’s careful to cover Castiel’s naked body with the blanket before turning on the small lamp on the bedside table, and when he comes back with the items, he mindlessly shuts it off again.
«Noted…» Dean replies, kissing Castiel’s neck. «And ditto.» The angel clearly feels the hunter’s smile against his skin, and Dean’s fingers start moving again on his dick.
They have bickered over it a few times now, fought about it maybe once or twice, because Dean is uneasy anytime Castiel gets a bit heavy with alcohol.
Rain starts falling outside, and its sound gently tinkles in Dean’s ear, lulling. He feels at peace, and content, and still high as a kite.
The shower is rather nice, Castiel has to admit. Dean has insisted on lighting up a scented candle for it, arguing it’d feel more romantic, much to the angel’s amusement.
I sent part of the pub scene to a friend of mine who studies physics just to peeve him. He wanted to bash my head in with a baseball bat. Opsie. This is what happens when I read too many books on scientific divulgation, coupled with "Fundamentals of Catholic Dogma" by Ludwig Ott (that shit's interesting af).
There is a poignant silence for no more than an instant, but to Castiel it feels like ages. Few creatures are as aware as angels about the subjective nature of time, but the knowledge doesn’t do much to ease him from the anxious knot tied in his stomach.
«Yeah… It didn’t take long at all for him to notice that I was baked like a cake. And God, he got so pissed. He hauled a lamp at me, screaming about how that shit makes people slow, how that’s a death sentence for a hunter. That I was a selfish asshole because I needed to be always on call for Sammy. He reeked of alcohol himself. While he was still howling at me, I got so overwhelmed with everything that I started crying, and…» Dean stops to take a sharp breath. His heart has picked up its pace, and it beats loud and fast in his ears. «And he beat me for it until I stopped sobbing. That’s… that’s what put me off it.». When he finishes speaking, Dean shrugs out a nervous chuckle, and downs his beer in one go.
But to Dean, each faint detail on his face reads as clear as daylight. Even the blue of his irises speaks volumes to him, somehow. He knows it’s cheesy to think that, but so what if Castiel turns him into an old sap, he can’t care less.
The notion makes Dean dizzy, and he would like to say something. But words don’t come easily to him, so he settles for a smile which Castiel returns, warm and welcoming.
He isn’t patronizing in the way he does any of it, his actions are casual and natural, and Castiel smiles at him through it, a small shy curve of his lips that is so candid and pure it makes Dean’s heart melt.
«Fuck.» Dean cusses breathlessly and he picks up the pace of his strokes. The angel’s now positively grinding against him and it’s such an unexpected situation that Dean can’t exactly process it, yet it turns him on like crazy all the same.
«Come on here then.» The angel invites him closer. He stares straight down into the hunter’s soul as he brings the joint to his lips and breaths in a big hit. Dean gets lost in the gaze, like he does all the time. He holds his mouth agape and Castiel presses his lips against his’. They are slightly chapped, like always, but Dean likes them exactly as is.
«God, I love you.» Dean knows his timing isn’t quite right, but it’s all he should have said earlier, and it’s everything he wants to say for the rest of his life.
With affectionate efficiency, he takes care of Castiel first, helping him strip out of his boxers, drying him up and slipping the clean, fresh t-shirt and underwear on the angel. He could perfectly do all of this by himself, Dean is well aware of that. But he also knows how nice those attentions feel after a lifetime of constantly looking after oneself. Besides, he enjoys providing for him.
«So it’s like Rosemary’s Baby, which is still a great movie despite the director being worse than a bag of dicks?» Dean knows Castiel probably has no clue what he’s talking about. He does so mostly because he is a bit lost discussing such abstract concepts, and the analogy feels grounding to him.
But at his core, he’s just as authentic to his self as he’s ever been, and that’s what matters to Dean.
Tonight, they’ve let the barkeeper, a round man with a full beard, thick glasses and a kind smile, choose their drinks for them: a light West Coast IPA for Dean, and a newly arrived rye for Castiel.
Thinking about his casual state of undress, a curve just short of a smile creeps on his lips. Time, and Dean’s patient cares, have helped him a lot overcoming the disconnect between his soul and his vessel. When they got together, this kind of direct contact would have made him unbearably nervous, possibly even sent him into a panic, but now it makes him feel appreciated.
«Relax, you’ll feel fine by tomorrow.» He soothes as he lounges on the bed. The angel sighs, sliding down on the pillow and wrapping his arms around his lover, snuggled against him.
«Come on…» Is all Castiel manages to say, urgent, finally so close to it, burning with the anticipation to feel all of his hardness and thickness inside. To feel Dean.
«Last week I read War and Peace by Tolstoy.» Castiel says proudly, like a diligent pupil who’s done more research than what was required by his teachers.
Castiel lets go, and Dean’s tongue lags behind, sticking out of his mouth stupidly. He’s flushed and his eyes flutter, smitten, as he can’t take them off from Castiel.
He brings his tongue to the back of his balls, savouring the natural saltiness of his skin, breathing in his musk.
«Breath.» Dean reminds him affectionately, hugging him close with his free arm. Castiel follows his directions.
He sighs. Truth is, he has grown quite protective of the angel. He knows well enough that Cass was born before most of the stars dotting the night’s sky or that he has lead troops of his brothers and sisters through sieges and open-field battles, that he is not nearly as clueless as he lets on at first glance, and that, if he wishes to, he has every right under the sun to have some adulterated fun with substances.
They bicker a bit over buying THC-laced cookies in addition to the small packet of buds that Castiel has picked out.
They don’t even get to slip them off their calves that their erections touch, and the contact strikes them dead on the spot.
«I’d love to see you on your knees on the bed, your legs wide for me. I’ll work my way to your hole, kissing you all over your back. I’ll get my face buried there, eating you up and opening you with my fingers until they slip inside with no effort, all properly lubed, slick and ready for my cock.»
The hunter smiles with satisfaction, slowly twisting his finger just past the rim. «Seems like you like that idea...»
The first few times they showered together, they did so carefully, with the lights off. Castiel appreciated it a lot. As he gained confidence, warm candles were lit up, the flickering flames dancing on their features, suggesting his outlines rather than highlighting the details of his body. And now, he doesn’t mind leaving the lights on at all, unphased by Dean’s soft gaze.
Slowly, Dean’s finger curls, then twists inside him. He is suddenly aware of all the nerve endings there, as they light up one after the other to Dean’s touch. His muscles clench, not out of rejection, but because he’s curious to explore the sensation.
Castiel holds his breath as Dean's hand travels from his hip to his belly, then gasps sharply when it finally wraps around his neglected cock.
Dean recounts the story with a melancholic smile on his lips. When he’s done with it, he takes a long swing at his beer, closing his eyes to the taste of hops.
The angel’s climax builds up, trapped in the space in between strokes and thrusts, overtaking him whole.
Dean finds the plea so needily adorable that it pains his heart. «Yes, most definitely.» His lips go back to the angel’s own for a languid kiss, then he slowly pulls back.
Dean squints in the effort to follow his statements. «Wait, so everything is made out of the Word of God, and They hold power over everything because They’re the only one who understand it?»
Castiel thinks about it for a moment. «It’s not painful, it’s just slick and a bit cold. And very much on the ‘inside’. I like that. A lot.»
Wild crave stirs deep in their bellies, their cocks squeezed between them and sliding on their skin, smearing precum all over.
«Great.» Dean says, taking his hand off the angel to walk up to him and pull him in his arms. Castiel meets him halfway there. They kiss, taking their time to savour it, the taste of Dean’s coffee now mixing in both their mouths. The hunter’s hands trail along Castiel’s back to get to his buttocks, which he squeezes playfully.
The Empty frowned, the expression deforming Meg's pretty face. "A deal is a deal. He gave himself for the kid. I can go and take him instead-"
Dean's balcony was leading to a nice view of his garden. Castiel held his hot cup of tea and walked outside, watching the sun rising. He was so deep into thought, he didn't heard Dean entering the room.
Dean chuckled and kissed him softly. "You're right. And the boy?" Dean leaned closer, to look at his son. He had the bluest of blue eyes and his hair were dark, like Castiel's. Dean knew this was love at first sight. Their son was so beautiful, he looked so much after his angel. "We should call him Castiel" Dean said. "He's so beautiful, so… you"
“Oh, Cassie stop whining.” Gabriel giggled as she examined herself. The vessel Gabriel picked was a busty 29-year-old woman; She was quite the opposite of Cassandra. Manoglia Sunders was blond. She had a tiny waist and narrow hips. She was wearing a skin tight pair of jeans, a crop top and a leather jacket. She was a stripper and seemed to be feisty and kind of kinky, so that’s why Gabriel picked her. “We can have some fun!”
He was such an ass! Why he was overthinking things, when they were absolutely perfect? What if God and all his children were against this? He was happy, he was making another person happy, what was the matter?
He was unnerved, staring at me until I calmed down. He squinted and walked over me. He was so fucking pretty! He was wearing that amazing robe and I wanted to jumb him... Every second I wasn't, I was impressed with my self control.
Dean held Cas' hand as they walked over the Impala. He could sense the angel's bad mood, he could literally see it into his thoughts. "What's wrong, angel cheeks?"
Sam laughed and returned to his armchair. "You think I'm that fool? You know, you can hide from Dean as much as you want, but not from me. I can see your worry in your eyes when he's in danger or the lust when he goes out of the bathroom with just a towel around his hips. Or the love and the genuine smile on your face when he's making you a burger, he knows how much you like it."
"I don't like it in here." Castiel frowned as he and Dean walked into "Lusty Leopard", the biggest strip club in the city. The angel was looking around anxiously. Dean could see it in his thoughts, they were reeking with stress and panic. "I think I'm having a strange deja vu, as you humans call it"
Suddenly, the wall in front of them opened and a black shadow or smoke appeared in front of them. Cas stood up, tugging Dean along; none of them seemed to be bothered that they were totally naked. "You came"
Dee bit her lip uneasily, playing with her hands, entangling them. "Well I just... I wanted you to come back. We've found a lead to the monster that killed dad and mom want you there, with us. With the family. She says... she says she misses you."
He pushed me against the wall and bit his lip. "I like the way you're thinking..." he kneeled in front of me and suddenly my body was on fire.
"Cas..." Dean swallows deeply. He had pulled over at the side of the road, eyeing Cas, confused, needy... aroused. Castiel could see the visible boner through his pants.
"Dean. Good morning" he whispered, raising his eyes from his task in hand. "Close the door behind you, please, we're not opened yet"
Dean wiped his eyes and nodded. “I’m grateful too, Cas. I’m glad we’re here and we’re together… maybe… maybe we can… we need to go to America, to mom. I don’t want to tell her about Sam over a letter or over the phone…”
"I can show you how those human hormones can take control over you, too." Dean teased and leaned to kiss softly Castiel's lips. Castiel quickly pulled back, embarrassed from what they were doing in front of Dean's brother, but Dean wasn't going to surrender so easily. He bit softly Cas' lower lip and touched his wings, the spot he knew it could make Cas moan so easily. So that's what happened. A slight noise came out of the angel's mouth, making him blush deeply, Dean burst into laughter and Sam roll his eyes. Castiel pulled back and threw an apologetic glance at the younger Winchester.
Dean felt uneasily for holding the Angel, when practically it didn't needed to. He was about to left him, but something stopped him. The Angel's hands. On his hands.
When finally Dean came back, it was almost noon. He opened the door, meeting a nearly angry Sammy, with flames on his eyes. His arms were wrapped in front of his chest and he was patting his foot on the floor nervously. Dean swallowed harshly.
Sam squinted his eyes as he looked at the man. Castiel laid him down on the bed and moved between his legs; he almost gagged. Sam’s dick was full of blood. Castiel could feel his anus being ripped but he could handle it. He’d live. He wished he’d hold onto that for a while, at least as long as it took to save Dean and leave this hideous place.
"Come on. Continue until you come" Cas thrusted in and out a few times before feeling his member getting soft and hot pleasure spilling into Dean's body. Dean moaned and clinged onto him, before relaxing on the bed, pulling Cas down with him.
"You're wrong. Castiel. A lot." Their faces were getting closer and closer and Cas looked terrified. What was that now? He knew Dean wasn't liking him at all, but what was he up to? Killing him? No, he couldn't know how. Angels only got that weapon which could actually kill them. How Dean Winchester would know anything about their angelic blades?
"I'm sorry, Dean" he apologized. He wasn't looking on Dean's face, he felt it embarrassing. He was about to betray his own brother. He couldn't do that. Dean was right, he should have stopped seeing Ruby a long time ago.
Castiel moved Dean's hands on his thighs and urged him to squeeze. Then he moved them to his ass, repeated the action. Dean gulped. "I-I dunno how...".
Dean nodded immediately in understanding. He kept stroking Cas' thigh comfortably. "Also, I prefer you far more than Anna. The sex with you is far more awesome." He winked. His words caused a deep blush and a damn flutter on Cas' heart. "We should uh…find Sam.." he muttered, closing his eyes, trying not to fantasize him and Dean making love behind the steering wheel. Dean smirked. All he had to do was to find his fucking brother. His love for the angel could wait. They had all the fucking time in the world.
Joaquin smiled knowingly at him. "I was there, you know? You forgot about me being there, covering your back? I saw it all. And... believe me, I get that. He was handsome and cute and you couldn't control yourself. But, mate... he's a criminal. You should think about it twice before you let your dick take the lead."
"Your brother and that crappy-winged thing. They're a thing. I know it." Sam stood up and looked intensely at the door, where the naked demon was held.
"Don't you ever call him that again! Don't you ever touch him again! I'll  fucking kill you!" I screamed with all my might.
He pulled himself in and out Castiel's hole softly, trying not to hurt him. After a while, Dean couldn't feel anything, but Cas' tight grip on his hair, his lips desperate on his mouth, his voice begging for more...
"You sure you'll be okay?" Dean asked as Cas unlocked the door to his apartment. Castiel nodded. "I just hope everything goes according to the plan. If Tommy actually believes Alfie, I'll buy myself some time. I can't betray them, there's no point since Arthur Sr is dead.  And Tommy... he trusts me. I can't do this to him... I think I might... I'll go and tell Chief I quit from the case, since I've no clues..."
Dean bit his lip uneasily. He couldn’t tell his boss the truth. He swallowed hard, trying to think quickly. Meanwhile, Thomas had poured some whiskey on a glass for him too and offered to him. Dean drank the liquid alcohol in two large gulps. “Thank you” he whispered. “Sir I want you to know… all I did was for your own protection. I didn’t thought… Dmitri told me about that… he asked me to not talk to you because… because his life was in danger, we all know that. The bartenders mostly are in danger, since they listen too much.  And you tend to be… reckless sir. I’m sorry.” He looked down at his polished shoes.
When Sam woke up next morning, he was unaware of the body next to him. He tried to stood up, but his limps were aching and he noticed he was naked beneath the sheets.
Dean giggles as he gets between Cas' legs once more and kisses his jawline. "Dude. You never ever thank a man for giving you a blowjob. Even if it's your boyfriend or lover or even husband. You just... don't. It's weird."
"You can get whatever you want here, mate; alcohol, women or even men, if you're in that kind of thing... cocaine... pills. Anything is yours..." John winked at him and pushed at his shoulder, to urge him to get in.
That's when she found out that all the monsters were real; even the ones that hid beneath her bed and into her closet. Her mom would train her to fight them, so she wouldn't be afraid anymore.
The silence was so loud, but it was comfortable. He kept sketching on the pad maniacally. I was wondering how did I looked through his eyes, I was dying to see myself through his eyes...
Once Castiel saw him naked... and the size of his dick... God. The man had a ripped body, defined abs and his biceps were similar to a boa's body. His legs were strong and muscular and his dick was thick and red with arousal, a single vein standing out. It was a blessing to watch.
Breakfast with them was so fuckin' awkward. I had to watch them kissing, hugging and feeding each other pancakes and I couldn't be able to stop being jealous of this. Why? He was just a random man I'd be able to find in any regular bar. Why I wanted him so bad then?
Dean held his hands and kissed them. "You won't lose me, Cas. Ever. If you ever asked me, we'd go back to Russia in a heartbeat. I'll do anything to keep you safe, I'd do anything you asked... tell me how can I help you to solve this mess?"
Dean shook his head. When all the ingredients for the spell had been gathered, Dean recited the psalm while Sam began to mix the ingredients. Suddenly, the rift opened; it was all jet black inside.
Castiel had took his position behind Dean, holding his belly and hands. "It's gonna be okay, Dean. I promise" he whispered into his ear. "I won't let you get hurt"
The next few days, Finn and Sam were following Dmitri everywhere; from work to grocery shopping to a mysterious house he was going… Sam knew this house, it was his own house! One day, Sam followed him on his own and found out Dmitri was visiting the police station. That was suspicious… At the end of the week, they visited Tommy to tell him everything they found out about Dmitri.
“You don’t deserve to live into this house. You don’t deserve everything I’ve done for you. I’ll write to mom, telling her everything you did. I want you to get out of this house. I don’t like rapists and whippersnappers under my roof.”
"I'll do it myself because I'm so impatient now but... if we ever meet again... I want you to do it". Castiel looks directly into his eyes, his voice husky and deep, making Dean's body shiver.
Castiel widened his eyes. Tomorrow morning? No way! He grabbed Dean's hand and tugged him to their room. He pushed him against the wall and kissed him deeply, his hands roaming all over Dean's chest. Dean smirked. "You've been a bad boy, haven't you, angel?"
were trying to track him down, with no hit. After what Anna had said about "him coming back", Dean was concerned. Was his brother had turned into a demon eventually? What if he had to kill him?
Dean frowned and held the gun tighter. "You know nothing about me." He aimed for her heart. It always worked when they were shooting to the heart. Dean only hoped Sam and Jack weren't far away...
"Dean" he muttered. "I'm with him. I love him. I cannot deny having sex to him. He might get the wrong ideas..." He leaned closer into my personal space and held my face between his own hands.
Cas huffed and threw his head back. "Dean I'm not what you think! I... I lied to you! Jesus... I'm an undercover cop. I need to find proof that the Shelbys are criminals so they're brought to justice." Castiel deadpanned.
He shoot his load on both of us while I was coming inside his delicious butt. I pulled him on top of me, kissing him.
"Sam? Is everything alright?" Jack walked into the room as well, confused as why Sam was taking so long.
Castiel whimpered and held onto the other, moaning at the words whispered in his ear. "Yes please... yes I need this... please do so..."
"Dean, darling?" she grabbed her robe and wore it; she was indeed very much naked, more than Dean actually wanted to see. "What are you doing here?"
"You're stupid" Dean pouts and kisses him deeply. Before he fell asleep, he heard the angel letting a tiny giggle.
Castiel lifts his gaze and looks at him, frowning. He left the rag on the sink beneath the bar and looked deep into Dean's eyes. "If you were paying attention, you'd know I'm with your side. Your side only. No Shelby, no police, none of these fuckers concern me but you." he mutters. "My father was assasinated, Dean. It's my duty to avenge his murder"
After Castiel left, Dean stayed in bed, trying to process everything his lover told him. He tried to think what to do next; he didn't want to lose Castiel or get in trouble with the Shelbys. So he decided to act normal and make up as they go. An hour or so later, he heard the door opening and Sam stumbling into the house. He seemed pretty drunk, his tie was loosened around his neck and his shirt was slightly open. He giggled when he saw his brother. "Hey!" he waved like a maniac. "Crazy night huh? So where is your pretty waiter?"
"You're crazy! What are you trying to do by spoiling everything?" Thomas was screaming, probably the whole household was hearing him, in the middle of the night. He was asleep, when he suddenly needed some water so he walked downstairs to take some and eavedropped his sister talking about "stopping the wedding". He stepped in, starting to yell and curse.
Sam, which was the nickname she preferred the most, nodded and held her hand as they walked downstairs to answer the door. Sam wouldn't ever believe in her own dreams who was standing in their door; her older sister, Deanna Winchester, or Dee, as she wanted to be called.
When Castiel finished his narration, he burst into tears. Dean kissed his forehead and stroked his hair. “My darling…” Dean whispered. “You’re safe… don’t worry…” Castiel nodded and leaned into Dean’s arms.
Sam looked at the hickeys and raised his eyebrows. "Dude, seriously. Can't you just not being that… loud?"
Dean groans again, his hands gripping Castiel's. "I'm okay with anything just… Get them out!" Another pained scream.
Those words were repeating on Castiel's mind. His Father gave Him a mission and he had to perform it successfully.
Sam shrugged, his eyes locked on Castiel. Castiel felt shivers down his body he couldn't explain. Who was he and who gave him the right to make him feel like this? Only Dean was able to make him feel like this...
"Castiel likes Dean a lot, I see" Jack hums. "I think they might... well get it on while they're alone"
Sam's brother, on the other hand, was a different case. Dean Winchester was a cocky, cynical man, his aura was so dark he could hardly track it. Dean Winchester's aura could easily been lost. Dean was happy about that fact, that the Angel couldn't easily track him. Castiel couldn't know his feeling about this human. He was all those cocky jokes and cocky responses and was so fucking smartass and disrespectful to Castiel. Castiel wanted so bad to punch Dean Winchester directly on his smartass mouth and make him shut forever. The Angel couldn't understand why God wanted this human to be saved. He couldn't even see a special thing on him.
"Dmitri, hello!" John Shelby approached him, clicking his champagne glass with Castiel's. "Crazy party, isn't it?"
"Ooh, you're into dirty talk now hm? Sexy." Azrael winked at Dean and closed her eyes. She chanted some strange words and moved her hands a little. Something exploded in front of them but nothing happened. Dean looked around, utterly and completely confused. "Oh welp. Nothing happened."
"No, Sam, I need to talk to you too. Both of you, actually." Castiel stopped him. Then, he looked on the back of Dean's hair. He wanted to touch the soft skin of his scalp, to tangle his fingers with Dean's blond hair, to admire with his lips the hot flesh on Dean's neck… But Sam was there and he needed to talk to them.
Sam hums. "The book says that when a witch is dead, her curse is gone as well. But we can still hear each other's thoughts, so apparently this case isn't solved..."
Castiel looked shocked. Then, he closed his eyes and answered calmly. "I think I was pretty clear about it last night… You didn't heard what I said?"
Sam sighed and shrugged. "Homos." He monologued and smiled to himself as he headed to the bathroom, holding some holy water and a silver blade on his hands. He opened the door and looked around. Ruby was nowhere to be seen.
Dean had a lopsided smile plastered on his face. "I know..." he held the angel close, stroking his hair. "You're so pretty when you're that fucked out..."
When he returned home, he wondered how Ada might have spent her last night as a "free woman". He gingerly walked into their room and had to cover his mouth with his palm; Ada was naked on their bed, with another woman. She probably heard him, which caused her to wake up.
"Yes. God demanded to save Dean Winchester from Hell. But he didn't explained why you shouldn't been burn at Hell forever, as you deserve."
Cas let himself get lost into the kiss before he abruptly pulls back. "Please... I'll die if you keep kissing me..."
Eileen blushed and held Sam's hand. "I love you" she told him. Sam smiled and said to her "I love you" in sign language.
Sam laughed to himself and stood up. He needed a really good bath to start the day and think. Under the hot water, his head and thoughts cleared. He wouldn't become evil. He would stop drinking demonic blood. He would stop the demons from raising Lucifer. He was a hunter, dammit!
." she winks at him. Dean blushed and rubbed the back of his neck awkwardly. "Uh... we've to ask you a few questions."
Cas froze for a while and then something flinched inside his brain. Victory. He won. Dean surrendered. He smiled and grabbed Dean's face, pulling his lips onto his own. Dean smiled on his lips and made the kiss deeper. Dean started to unbutton Cas' robe and climbed on top of him, untying both their ties. Cas' eyes were dark with lust and need. He grabbed Dean's waist and pulled him closer onto his body.
Dean loved the feeling of his angel kissing him, holding him, nailing his anus so perfectly. He was moaning and screaming his name as hard as he could, not caring who might hear. He couldn't define how much time it had passed since he felt his climax reaching and he came hard between them, on their stomachs and chests. Cas frowned at the view and Dean chuckled. "It's just come, Cas" he whispered softly and kissed him
"Since the very first moment." I assured him. He nodded and pushed me on the bed, moving on top of me.
Cas pulled back, sighing, looking up at him. He really wanted that much. But he was afraid. What if he didn't satisfied Dean? He didn't knew what to do and he was afraid Dean wouldn't want him anymore.
"I love you and care about you. Very very much. But I'm not selling my body for money Sam. Not anymore. What happened... I'm just begging you to forgive me"
"I miss him Dean. I miss him too. But we'll get him back I promise. Even if I have to die to give you your brother back… I will…"
Cas frowns and pulls his hand back, opening the door of the passenger's seat. "Dean, it's not that! You've been with many women back there! You even took Anna in here!" he whines. "Would you like it if I took you in some place where you knew I've been with someone else?"
"I'm with Cas on the road. We're doing a little research about Cas' lost bff. Don't worry, I won't let my bitchy bro without a good breakfast before vessel's hunting! Watch some x-files episodes and I'll be there soon with some food.
Dean bit his lip and kissed him again. "There's nothing to worry about though. I'll only talk to her about the case and that's all... Cas do you trust me?"
I watched him as he confessed to the policeman all that had happened that night: how he had come into my room, crying, telling me that Sam, in a burst of anger, had beaten and raped him. I couldn't believe my ears. I stared at Castiel then back at the wall, unable to believe what I heard.
"And serve breakfast to the Great Horny Dad." Dean interrupted her. "Sorry, your plans are cancelled. How about get the hell out of here, before I cut your head off?"
We had booked our tickets and were leaving the next day. Mom would come along. Under no circumstances would I leave her here.
"Stop" Cas leaned closer and their lips collided. He held Dean's face and pulled him closer; the kiss was bruising, hot, meaningful. Then it abruptly stopped. "I'm sorry..." Castiel whispered. Dean was blushing, his face was hot. "Don't... shall we search for the witch or what?"
Both women agreed and a door opened; Castiel’s nostrils welcomed the fresh scent of flowers and leather and motor oil. That scent was coming from the woman being the steering wheel…
I didn't realize my fist was in his nose, but I felt as much fucking satisfaction as I never felt in my life. My brother was a fucking bastard and he deserved to go to jail. How could he be so heartless, so soulless? I realized that all he wanted was to "save" Castiel, so that he could never get away from him. Sam wasn't himself... Something else was going on...
Dean's voice frightened Sam. His brother was using this tone when he was really angry with him. Sam knew that the moment Dean would see him, he'd be dead.
"Are you going to let me rot in here?" Ruby's fractious voice yelled. "At least come here and have some fun with me. I'm bored."
As soon as Dean kisses Cas goodbye and promises to see him again, he goes back to their table, which is empty. Sam and the others might be home or worse... on another club. Dean was afraid Sam might get involved with drugs or whatever... and he was too young for these shit. He was just 17. Dean should have been with him... Hoped John was the mature of them and held his brother out of drugs.
Soon they got bored of the game - they found out Eileen wasn't affected by the curse - and sat around the coffee table in the lounge room, talking. Soon, they started talking about Cas and Dean.
"Alright" Dean stood up and approached Castiel. "I can't sleep. What about some research for your lost vessel, Cas, are you in?"
Dean nodded as he put his clothes in his bag and also grabbed a briefcase which was under the bed. “Those are all my savings… We can go back to your homeland Cas. You can be a cop there… can’t you?”
Castiel had the feeling that somebody was watching him or following him. For the past few weeks, whenever he was out or going to Dean’s place, he had the impression that he was being followed. That night, he visited Dean; they had an appointment. When Dean opened the door, smiling widely, Castiel jumped on him and pushed him inside the house. He kissed him deeply, whining; his kisses were needy and demanding. Dean chuckled a little and sat him on the kitchen table, pulling back; he took in a breath. “Hello to you too, mister” he smirked. “Before you interrupt me so rudely, I was going to tell you I cooked.”
The brothers looked in awe the tall, skinny man who was standing in front of them. Sam was almost shocked and pointed at the man. "Is he…?" he asked, looking at Dean. Dean nodded. "Yes, it's Cas without Jimmy" answered playfully. "Ah, I almost forgot" he said, looking at Cas. "Castiel someway lost his original vessel and he needs our help to get it back."
Gunpowder? And leather? And apple pie? Those things were characterizing Dean the most. He used guns with his father; his favourite jacket was from leather; and everyone at Hogwarts knew about his obsession with the pies, especially the apple ones.
“I knew I shouldn’t have let you talk me into this.” Castiel knew this was a bad idea; flying down on Earth and get into a human vessel was a terrible idea. Castiel looked down at herself: she was wearing a pair of black ankle boots, a pair of black tight jeans, a business casual blouse and on top of that, a nice warm trenchcoat. Her hair were black and wavy down her waist. As she noticed the moment she took over the body, the human’s eyes were crystal blue. The human, Cassandra Novak, was a young 23-year-old woman, independent, working as a CEO in a big ass company. She was also very faithful, going to church every Sunday and praying. She was pure and a believer. That was a reason as why Castiel chose her.
«You mean when you fuck me silly until my brain melts, when all I can think of is how much I love you and your mind-blowing sex skills?» Dean cheekily asks in return, nudging his face against Castiel’s neck and shoulders.
Castiel takes in the description, the words further fuelling his erection. He feels his ass twitch on its own at the idea of being ‘full of Dean’. The desire is so foreign to him, yet it has him rock hard. He’s so caught up in the thought he almost misses Dean’s question.
«Does it have cowboys?» The angel hates that he’s even asking, let alone with a hint of hope in his voice, but he’s warming up to the genre. Not like he’ll ever admit to it. Especially not while he’s naked, hard and desperate for his lover to take his anal virginity.
«Do you have anything like that yourself?» The question sounds a bit callous as soon as it leaves his mouth, but it’s too late.
Dean has always been cool with physical gestures in front of others. He can’t be arsed to care about what people think of them kissing or holding hands.
So, Dean tries his hardest not to flinch when Castiel drinks, which isn’t often, or when he enjoys the drag of a cigarette around twice a month.
«Oh, sure.» Dean's casual openness has Castiel completely dumfounded. «Sure?» He repeats mechanically.
They sit at a table in a pub they’ve already visited a handful of times. Dean jokingly calls it ‘the nice hipster drinking hole’ since it’s quite higher end compared to the places they usually stop at when they’re on the road, but that’s a rather low bar.
Rationally, Dean can see the difference between Castiel occasionally enjoying a kick, and him clutching to substances because the apocalypse had made him into a beaten-down, hollow shell of his past self.
It’s so different from the vacant, embittered abandonment of Alt-Cass, who popped pills like they were tin-mints.
Dean has been peeling away the angel’s fears with soft nothings whispered in his ear, gentle strokes along Castiel’s ribs with cautious hands slid under his clothes and long, intimate hot showers together.
«Yeah, yeah. You don’t understand that reference.» Dean fills up the sentence for him. «I’ll tell you what, doesn’t matter if tomorrow somebody tries to jumpstart the apocalypse again, we will be watching Star Wars.»
«Have you all around me, so tight and warm…» Dean keeps going, building on the picture. «How’d you like that now?» He teases.
I thought it'd be fitting for Dean, who's so into pop-culture and cult movies, if he held to the memory of properly going to a cinema, especially if he shared the experience with his brother. I initially thought about Jurassic Park even tho the release date didn't quite match, but when I discovered Groundhog Day came out in February 1993... Well it wasn't too farfetched to think perhaps some cinemas would still show it for Sam's birthday in may, and I just had to do it, you know, considering Mistery Spot and all that.
