Castiel puts the tablet down on his knees, removes his glasses, and gives Dean a curious look. “You’re still technically an active detective. Why are you suddenly doubting your skills?”
"Got me figured out already," Dean smiles. "Yeah, I'll be leaving a little early today, and I'll take a nap. Trust me, my body shuts its damn self down pretty nicely when it needs to."
In wake of the best night ever, followed by the best lazy Sunday ever, Sam is loathe to go back to classes. He does, though. He and Dean had worked hard for the money to pay for his tuition, plus he honestly is so glad to be back. He's just yet to shake the constant fatigue that follows his change of routine. He'll manage. It'll probably only last a couple of weeks, anyway, so he toughs out Monday.
"Then you can give me a damn minute," Sam mumbles, shuffling across the hall to his bedroom and shutting the door in Dean's face when he tries to follow there, too.
Dean sits up and rolls off the bed, stands tall and stretches, hands over his head. Nothing pops. He’s glad he changed to memory foam.
She shrugs again and hands Jack a bottle of water. “It’s not totally my call,” she says regretfully. “Look, if the kid says it’s Michael, I’ll buy it. But we can’t haul him in without some evidence that he was even in the state. We’ll poke into his financials and have a look around, but unless we can figure out where he is, and where he’s been for the last few days, all that’ll happen is a freaking PR nightmare if we arrest Michael so soon after taking his brother.”
Sam pokes his head through the door and Dean shoots up, ready to stand, but Sam holds up his hands. “You don’t have to... um... can we talk?”
Gabriel scoffs, spraying bits of waffle, and at least Sam has the decency to make a disgusted noise at that. “Why not, sugar? They’re all secure and high profile. Good press for weeks.”
It's no use telling himself not to worry. His trepidation at being alone with Dr. Pellegrino coupled with his desire to have an impressive CV after graduation is making it impossible to keep a completely clear head. Then again, maybe this is just practice for the actual adult world. Mild terror of uncaring overlords holding his livelihood in their hands, ready to crush it at the slightest screw up. Grim thought, possibly valid.
Yanked abruptly from the brief daydream of dragging Castiel even closer, Dean blinks. That's been happening a lot lately. "Uh. For?"
Naomi considers him. She says nothing, and Dean’s got to hand it to her. She really has a perfectly constructed poker face. The only thing that he can read from her is that she’s taking him seriously. After a time, she simply says, “thank you for your time, Mr. Winchester. Counselor?”
Then it's to the garage; the only other space that Sam doesn't ever touch. Summer and Fall are officially over, so he's free to tackle the dust and cobwebs from every corner of the space. Which he does with enthusiasm. Sometimes physical distraction is better than mental distraction. It's why he details Baby every week, though it's starting to get too cold to do it comfortably. He'd bitched to Jody about his freezing hands washing the car in January, even wearing gloves, which had been a mistake. She'd slyly suggested it be the next compulsion they try and break since the weather was about to be perfect for it.
With a smile and a small salute, Dean grabs a green sucker, gets his prescription refill, and gets on with his weekend.
Gabriel slides off the railing and kisses Sam on the way down before he has to rise up on his toes in order to maintain it. “Fine. As long as you get to be the arm candy, even though you’re the famous one.”
“Is there something bad about that, in your opinion?” Cain asks. “From where I sit, it sounds like things went quite well. Perhaps faster than I would have suggested, but if the method works, it works. I’m not right all the time.”
Dean slips fluidly in front of Castiel, tugging down the shirt collar to lay flat and then takes a step back. “Didn’t you used t-t-to tell me that appearance i-i-is critical?” His smile widens as he surveys his work. “Lookin’ good now.”
For a split second, it’s all Dean can do to hold on and not bite his own damn tongue off. Larry’s handled a lot of riders, and he knows how to get them off with alacrity. In fact, he’s so good at mixing it up, that Dean’s given up any hope of style points as the animal sunfishes the likes of which he’s never seen. “Come on!” Dean screams as Larry leaps off the ground and twists, kicking his hind feet. Dean’s not sure whether he’s encouraging the bull, or begging for deliverance.
"Not right now," Sam says regretfully. "Talking about stuff caused the whole damn thing to begin with."
And in the way that Castiel looks up at him, eyes shining, Dean can see that he is beautiful to this man. But even more sometimes when he willingly wears symbols of their partnership. Their love. And it seems appropriate to share not only the symbol of their marriage with the wedding rings, but also their shared lifestyle with the permanent anklets.
Sam blinks at him. “Then... why did you even bother to ask me out? Why did you stay with me? Why did you tell me to propose, like, an hour ago? Were you just caught up in the moment or something?”
about taking it further. Dean’s actually a little irritated at himself for not having put the pieces together before this. Sam has always wanted to settle down, and asking Gabriel to move in last year was a pretty big fucking hint.
Dean’s still fairly adept at doing things with only one hand, so he can almost keep pace with Castiel on getting naked. Not like he needs much prompting. But he definitely falls behind once Castiel’s shirt hits the floor because there’s a broad, muscled chest under there that didn’t come from a desk job. No matter what, Dean’s sure he would have been impressed, but surprises are nice. And he can’t stop himself from reaching out to touch. It’s probably unfair that he flattens his palm over Castiel’s pecs and thumbs over a nipple because that little move completely derails whatever Castiel was about to do. Instead, he moans.
It says something about the relationship they've been cultivating that Dean doesn't even think for a second that it's like kissing a woman. He's never tasted lipstick on a man before, but it's goddamn great.
He presses his palm over his chest hard to help regulate his breathing. The unknown doesn't have to be terrifying. If Gabriel isn't there, nothing changes. If he doesn't come, nothing changes. Rejection means that nothing changes. But if he
It's pretty self-explanatory. Two people meet, scent each other and go, "wow!" This is what happened with Dean and Castiel at the beginning of the fic. It's a mutual crush with a little extra dash of compatibility. It signals to alphas and omegas that this person has the potential to be a good bondmate. It's not a bond at all, though after meeting and parting, the couple can still suffer very mild pining sickness.
Dean doesn't realize that he's smiling until his lips move to talk. "You're awesome, did you know that, Cas?"
“Bobby, I need your help and I need it now.” He knows he’s taking chances without any sort of pleasantry to his surrogate uncle, but Lucifer is unwinding. Quickly.
Castiel mumbles a wordless agreement, then sets himself to the task at hand. Gabriel's probably right. Trying too hard or not, wearing radically different clothes than normal
Of course, he’s not sure whether or not that was the right decision when he finds his husband holed up in the shooting range with a stack of used paper targets scattered on the ground, and five clips of ammo waiting to be loaded.
The cold air was a slap to the face, and he welcomed it as they crossed the driveway up to Bobby's front door, shoving inside. "Bobby?"
"That is yet to be determined." His eyes drifted down to Dean's forearm, where the tail of the Mark was poking out from beneath his rolled up sleeve. It looked irritated.
"Oh." Dean flattens himself against the table as a disgruntled woman passes them by. She gives them both weirdly hostile looks as she moves to the next row, and Dean narrows his eyes. It's not enough to start a fight over, but he gives her a bitchy look right back so she knows who's in charge here. He could take a fifty year-old soccer mom, even in a cast.
"Well, for one, I don't know what it feels like," Cas says with a quirk of his mouth. "I felt claustrophobic, if you could call it that. Being constrained to a body I cannot leave, and can only manipulate in the lower dimensions, was overwhelming at first. It still is, sometimes. I felt like I was constantly retreating inwards, away from myself, yet I was still always physically present in spacetime."
It starts off innocently enough. Dean's got his cast off now, almost back to normal by this point, and he can cook breakfast without worrying about having to ration out his energy for the rest of the day. And since Sam and Eileen are out of town hunting again, he doesn't have to put up with veggie bacon or leaky tofu containers or any of the other weird shit Sam keeps in the fridge. Dean just cooks normal eggs and bacon, like God intended.
"I saw the wrath in your eyes," Hannah continued. "I understand, Castiel, but in your state, perhaps it is best."
"Yeah, I just—" He sighs. "You were so worked up about me being hurt, I figured—I didn't want to add anything else to your plate, and I knew you'd worry."
Cas drags his head up to look at him. His expression is displeased, partially because he was just interrupted and partially because his position as 'the angel Dean Winchester brings to bed' is currently the topic of debate.
It thaws him out a bit. Between Cas' icy silence, Sam's stupid I-told-you-so face, and Charlie's crankiness, a genuine question and look of concern is enough to make him want to run over there and give her a big ol' hug.
Dean's not exactly clear on the next sixty seconds or so. He's conscious for all of it, but his brain's checked out, logged off for the day. Cas is still on top of him, chest heaving, but he's gone still and slack. There's no attempt to hold any of his weight up; the full brunt of it is pressing into Dean. He wraps his arms around Cas again, slipping them under his arms and up across his back, settling them there where they belong. His leg flops back down on the bed, heavy as lead, and tries, desperately, to suck in some oxygen.
"Hey, Cas." The dust swirled across the surface of the floor from Dean's breath, making him cough. "How's it going?"
With a groan, Dean opens his eyes. It doesn't do him a whole lot of good; wherever he is, it's dark. There's lots to smell, though. He's someplace dank and earthy, probably underground. Less pleasant, the smell of rot and blood and decay hang heavily in the air, and when he draws in a proper breath, it ends in a gag.
The other results are basically useless: a bunch of articles about straight men who have 'bromances' with their gay friend and why that's so revolutionary, panicky forum threads from dudes who realised they watch the guy in porn a little too often for them to brush it off as studying their technique—been there, done that, best of luck pal—and a disturbing blog article about a woman trying to sleep with her gay best friend 'as a favour' so he knows what the other side is like. It makes Dean feel a little more well-adjusted by comparison, which is not a feeling he experiences very often.
"Am I the only person not hiding shit from my family?" Charlie asks, outraged, and then doesn't wait for an answer. "Alright, whatever. Fine. Motel room."
"Okay," he says for some reason, and Cas' hand goes back to his hair, soothing him, which does help a lot. Dean's still floating somewhere in the gravitational orbit of Venus, but he's calmer now.
"I sensed you below," Hannah said, her eyes roaming across the bodies all around them. "Moving around the building during the battle."
The kiss turns into a few more, and then some more, until the pretense of conversation is abandoned entirely. Cas is apparently deadly serious about banking some practice sessions, and Dean is nothing if not a willing and enthusiastic teacher.
As Dean leaves the cafe, coffee hot in his hand, he once again practices his deep breathing techniques. But for once it has nothing to do with panic. It has everything to do with the pleasant butterflies in his body threatening to carry him away.
“Cas,” Dean breathes with mildly chiding affection. “Y-y-you been taking care of me s-since day one.” His hands come down to cover Castiel’s, stilling them.
“Guess we’ll find out what he’s up to tomorrow, or at the interview. It can’t be anything too bad,” Dean reasons. “He’s not a gossip. He doesn’t want to be in the press’ limelight for the wrong reasons. This is probably Gabe and Charlie being worried they haven’t had time to prepare him. But he’s good off the cuff. Gabriel’s paranoid since all his other clients enjoy starting fires when he lets them have their head.”
Gradually he begins to shift, and Castiel loosens is hold, hoping that he hasn't caused Dean any discomfort, but knowing that the whole situation probably has.
Dean stands up, pops up his collar, and gathers his drink. "What do I owe you?" he asks, still unable to look at Castiel directly.
"I know it," Donna agrees. "Look, if you're not comfortable with letting Castiel into your circle, that's fine. That's for you to decide. But. There's nothing says you can't be sneaky about it!"
“The doc says he’s in a medically-induced coma,” Sam murmurs. Castiel hadn’t heard that part. “The swelling in his brain needs to go down before they can wake him up.”
Clearing his throat, Dean astutely senses Castiel's lingering unease. "Hey, uh..." he starts. Castiel blinks up at him, encouraging; pouring all of his heart into his eyes. Hoping Dean understands. Dean reaches up and lightly touches Castiel's bottom lip. "You gotta know I did that 'cause I love you, right?" He says gruffly.
Behind them, Castiel and Dean follow, eyes trained forward on their goal, fingers clinging. The walk seems to take forever. But then it doesn’t and they’re standing at the center of the archway, surrounded by a fragrant breeze, and Missouri begins to speak.
Castiel must catch wind of his mood shift because he circles back around to Dean’s front with his normal soft smile. “You caught my meaning,” he says warmly. “How we used to be. So impatient. Hurried. Inexperienced. The things we’ve learned together in so little time, all things considered...”
Dean pounds into him with a beautiful ferocity, his messy curses and growls the perfect harmony for Castiel's loud moans. It burns him up - he's
Dean has put aside his computer and lap desk and piled the pillows behind his shoulders. He takes the bath towel and spreads it out behind his head, one of the hand towels around his neck. Then he winks. “B-b-be gentle with m-m-me.”
Nick joins him at the sinks, idly washing his own hands. "I'm not," he confirms lightly. "But every now and then I like to support our local establishments. Small business is so important to a vital community, don't you think?"
"No, nothing's wrong," Dean grouches. "Just... nothing. Donna and Jody were just getting in my head again."
He rips open all of the drawers in his dresser and then stands back, hands planted on his hips. "Okay, you've got this," he encourages himself. "You've got plenty of clothes. Just find something that isn't..." he grabs a small handful of shirts and tosses them right to the bed. "Stupid," he finishes weakly.
And when he wakes up several hours later, dusk painting the sky pink and purple, Dean is there like a miracle, pressed against him and flipping channels on the TV that Castiel didn't want in the bedroom, but acquiesced to since it turned Dean into a much more willing hours long cuddler when he had Netflix to partially hypnotize him.
The doorbell rings and Dorothy yells that she'll answer it since she's in the living room, in charge of mustering up all the pillows and blankets in the house. She's promised the most kickass blanket fort ever.
Jody turns sideways on the spacious sofa and tucks one leg up, leaning against the arm. She crosses her arms over her chest, then a moment later unfolds them. She'd been making a conscious effort to look less intimidating lately after Donna told her it can throw her more skittish patients off. It doesn't bother Dean, but he does appreciate her not looking like she's channeling his mom about to launch off on a tirade about his messy room or bad table manners.
There's so much more. And as smart as he's become over the years, he can't get past the annoyances that his mind wants to make up into these insurmountable mountains. Even when he wants that defense mechanism to go away and let him start making friends, it insists on sticking around. What's he supposed to do about that? It's too goddamn lonely up on Mt. Needless Judgements of Perfection. He hates it.
Gabriel props his socked feet up on the table casually, a sure sign that he’s internally wound up tighter than a spring. “Sam wanted me around while he’s on house arrest so he doesn’t get cabin fever.”
"That doesn't make it better," Sam shoots back. He plants his arms on the hood of the car, giving Gabriel is a hard glare over it. "I told you all that shit in confidence."
Dean huffs a laugh. "Just putting this out there, but whenever you need something like that again?" His eyes raise from the feather to meet Castiel's eyes. "Don't hold back on my account."
Lucifer purses his lips. “No, maybe not you, specifically. You’re right. But you and Sam are family. Blood. Even if you haven’t got the ‘it’ factor. But, I really
There’s a staring contest for a full thirty seconds before Lucifer sighs dramatically and grabs the pen, signing with a flourish.
“I like it, b-b-but I don’t need it l-l-like Cas does,” Dean answers first. Regretfully he says to Castiel, “I can’t answer f-f-for you on this.”
Without messing up his tortuously languid movements, Dean curls forward to nip at the mole on Castiel's neck that he loves to focus on when they're making out. "You feel so good," he whispers, blood on fire with need.
Blue eyes lock on to green when Castiel moves to face him more fully. “You made me think about a lot of things, Dean. And what’s stuck out in my mind the most is that I’d rather have you, than the heartache of thinking my trauma is more important than us being together. And... if you feel the same, then I’m not going to sign those papers. But don’t think you’re doing me any favors by giving me an out. I won’t take it. I don’t want to. I’m sure I’ll never want to.”
His embarrassment only makes Dean grin wider. "Hey, I never even tried to pretend that you lecturing anytime, anywhere, wasn't a
“And tons of people at every one had something to say about their issues. It’s also why we hired Charlie. So she and her team can take care of the comments and questions on his social media, and he only has to deal with potentially upsetting things when he feels like he can. It’s still hard for him. He went to a pretty dark place for a while. It took a whole crew of people like Charlie, and his awesome therapist, to help him back to a better place.”
Castiel's dirty smile in return is a gift. "My pleasure," he says, voice low. He drops to his knees under the spray.
“I’m starting to get it,” Dean says. He presses a complicated series of buttons on the wall, and the shower turns off.
And being home again for good, Dean’s not sure what to take issue with first. He drinks a lot of it in by silently glaring and leaving the room in his hot rod wheelchair. His first vocal protest is when Sam slams through the front door several days earlier than planned.
Sam rolls his eyes at himself as he glances around. "Shut up, Sam, you're not taking any poetry classes," he scolds himself. "Now's not the time to making up sonnets."
Sam beams wider as Dean beings to sway on the whole situation. “Don’t worry about it. There’s also plenty with me and Cas and you and Cas, too.”
Castiel kisses the tip of Dean’s ear. Right over the tiny freckle he’d discovered last night. “Laziness is a sin,” he murmurs.
"These clothes are extremely comfortable," Castiel protests. "They're hemp and linen. Both eco friendly and--"
The hospital calls while they’re at the hotel changing their clothes out for clean sets after a long lunch. Dean has come through the surgery well and is being moved out of recovery in the next hour. He’d woken up briefly, but is now resting comfortably, and expected to remain asleep for quite some time. Therefore, Sam and Castiel take their time sorting through everything to pack or send down to the hotel’s laundry, and go over the revised schedule with Gabriel.
Sam feels his own face pulling up into a smile, but keeps it small. "That's awesome," he says. "I'm glad the fantasy lived up to the reality."
"Hey," Charlie says soothingly, rubbing at Sam's back. "Don't go getting all droopy as your hair, dude. Think of it this way: you're starting at the deepest end. It can only go up from here!"
Sam is distracted by the TA's shifting enough that his eyes decide to move again to get the full picture. First off Gabriel in his deliciously nerdy dark gray slacks and sweater vest, and then they're able to wander comfortably around the rest of the room. All the blinds are closed, but for once that doesn't make the room feel claustrophobic. It's cozy. And on the table... "holy crap," Sam murmurs. "I was... kinda joking about the coffee."
Baby stamps her foot and tosses her head, displeased with the noise in her calm quarters, but Castiel is there soothing her while Dean has an emotional breakdown over by the feed bucket. Horse and human probably think he’s gone insane. If he is, it feels exactly like he expected it to.
Bubbling over with relief, with love, Castiel kisses Dean again. “Thank you,” he whispers against his lips. “I love you.”
Castiel hits play, and then settles up against Dean’s chest where he’s resting against the couch. He pushes the drooping blanket up on the arm of the couch. Charlie wiggles in between them and sees fit to cuddle Sam right as the opening credits of the movie roll.
"Of-fucking-course he did. Sam, I would never cheat on you. I wouldn't do that to anyone. I like you, and I promised to be upfront with you. I'm sticking to that. Nick... he's a jealous type."
That satisfies Castiel enough that he stands and leans against the counter and waits, arms crossed. It takes a few minutes, but gradually the hard lines on his face begin to soften. When he speaks again, it’s gentle. “You need to take better care of yourself.”
, Castiel thinks. “I really am trying.” Still, he’s ready for whatever Sam wants to dish out. He’s steeled himself against so much lately.
Castiel's eyes flick down to the gleaming tiles on the floor. "I've been trying to ask you out on a date for months, but we've never gone because I'm an idiot, and my house is falling down."
Michael lunges forward, and with a rush of clarity overlaying his previous experience in a situation so similar to this, Dean pulls the trigger. Fleetingly he thinks,
“Fuck that! So, what then?” Sam says, exasperated. “You were just gonna stick with me until I outlived my usefulness to you, and then dump me?”
“It was probably actually a heavy knife,” Jody corrects. “Several other bystanders were stabbed before he got close to Sam and Jack. No fatalities.”
He doesn't want to be determined to find something wrong with everyone all the time. It's his biggest character flaw and also the hardest one to break. It's so ingrained in him that he does it on autopilot.
“Damn right, it is,” Victor says. They stop outside of a closed interrogation room door. There’s a guard posted, and the warden himself is standing square in front of it, looking grumpy and put out. Victor pays the attitude no mind, striding straight up to the warden and holding out his hand. “Warden Turner.”
,” he drawls. He thumbs over his shoulder at them. “Dean’s the taller one. That’s my older brother who I
Rolling his eyes, Dean says, "I only agreed to go because you seemed so excited about it. I didn't want to look at flowers all day. Your porch railing was much more interesting."
Well, the desperation is a huge turn on, but contrary to popular belief, Dean isn't looking to be Mr. Right This Second. However, he selfishly allows himself some indulgence, waiting until their shirts are off to say, "hey, pump the brakes, Cas."
There’s more tromping and voices from the hallway, and then Gabriel, Charlie, Benny, Bobby, and... New Guy are all appearing in the living room before Dean can make his escape to the downstairs guest room that’s been converted for him, which he’s also started using his words to complain about. A lot.
Instead of answering, Dean turns his body until he’s practically sitting in Castiel’s lap, face squashed against his husband’s neck.
Plus, Castiel kisses Dean with his whole being. Both hands on either side of Dean's face, pulling him in, pulling him up. Tongues meeting with determination and absolute enthusiasm. He's also the one to break it. When he does, he's smiling fit to burst. "It's a good color on you," he says.
The music starts up to play him off and Sam grins. He’s never been all that great off the cuff, but Dean thinks it was a damn fine speech. The crowd cheers again.
really that fragile? No, neither of them are. However... yes, they both are on some level. They took a leap instead of a step. They can’t take it back, but they can definitely pull back to a more sedate pace. Hopefully. The one time that Castiel should have held the control like Cain had reminded him to, he hadn’t, and now he’s wasting water while ruining a perfectly good morning.
"Nothing." Cas straightened, eyes falling to Dean, and his expression softened. "How are you feeling?"
Had they discovered his second in command? He'd never mentioned her to Jonah. "I'm sure I've… been replaced in my absence."
He's got nothing on him, no weapons, and the nearest available bludgeon is a splintered skeleton. Dean grabs a slice of bone anyway, checking that the end of it is sharp, and tucks it out of sight under his leg, letting his bound hands hang loose in his lap.
Bracketed by the support of Castiel's hands on his shoulders, Dean leaned forward to kiss him. This one was altogether different—it was soft and slow, devoid of intent. Like the finger tracing, Cas thought. A touch for touch's sake.
Dean glances in the rearview to check if they've got any red tags on their duffel bags or red sharpies or something in the back seat. Apparently not. Nothing red on the dashboard, either, unless he counts the odometer dial, which Cas wouldn't pick anyway. He risks a glance down at himself—clean jeans, grey shirt, brown boots, silver belt buckle, blue thermos—and comes up empty.
"We'll be back before anyone knows we're gone, don't worry," he promises her, which is the incorrect thing to say, because Charlie explodes again.
"Yes, but we don't exactly have all the ingredients on hand." Sam looked back at Castiel. "Can you fix him or not?"
Jody sobers at the bitterness in his tone, and he looks away again. "Well, for starters, you're not doing damage control for a teenage pregnancy," she says dryly. "And you've known Cas for a long time." He flinches at the name. Plausible deniability is officially out the window. Woohoo. "I don't think this qualifies as a rush job," Jody continues.
Cas interrupted him with a kiss. It was clumsy, but less so than before. He had a baseline to operate from now, and he was a fast learner. The angle was awkward, though, so Dean rolled back onto his side and pulled Cas tight against him, groaning when it jostled his erection. Cas was hard too, hot against his stomach, so at least the both of them were suffering.
"Can you? Heal, I mean. You said it couldn't be fixed." Dean turned back to look at him. Their knees brushed together on the floor, and Castiel still had a hand resting on Dean's arm to steady him. He was greedy for the contact; excitement swept low in his stomach. Was this allowed now? Could he touch him, not just to shield and protect but to have and hold? It made him lightheaded with the possibility, and Castiel drank in his warmth, letting it course through him. His mouth still tingled from the kiss. He knew it would for a long time. He hoped it never stopped.
He's placing his bets on numero dos. What did Sam call it? Occam's Razor? It definitely fits a lot of variables. Charlie's pissed at him, and he said a bunch of stupid shit to her
"Yeah, well," Sam huffed, followed by the sound of print paper rustling as he turned over the leaflet in his hand. "Where to, though?"
"Which is?" he ground out. There was no way to hold his body that wouldn't produce agonising pain. "Brother, I'm going to die if you don't—"
Cas pulls them tightly together, as close as they can manage with Dean's busted arm in the way, and the hand on his bicep goes up to his hair, fingers threading through it. Cas drags Dean's head up with a forceful hand and kisses him, exhaling harshly, like he's finally able to breathe after months underwater. He's rough with his mouth, open and hot, demanding enough that their teeth scrape together. If this sort of thing didn't require weeks of misery as build up, Dean might do this more often. Cas is persistent enough when they have sex regularly—this is a whole other level.
"I was thinking about you too, you know," Dean continues, smiling when the path Cas is charting with his mouth falters. "For the entire movie. I picked out that shirt because I thought you'd like it."
the one who's out of place, if anything. Yesterday he even texted Claire and Jody to ask them how they were doing, see if they needed anything, and they still haven't responded to him, so Dean just accepts the fact that he's going to die alone and no one will visit his grave.
He shouldered politely past his brother, letting the door click shut behind him. Dean's eyes flicked between him and the door, brow arching. "Did I interrupt something?"
Dean's mouth was warm, and this time it did not taste like blood. Postcards fluttered to the floor as Dean reached up and grabbed his arms, as if to steady himself, and Castiel reached back, cupping a hand around his jaw. Dean was strung tight, every line in his body tensed as if he were still anticipating something. With a thumb, Castiel found his pulse, sweeping the pad of his finger across it and feeling the rough pull of stubble against his skin.
Nobody questions him on why he's going to bed so early, which he's grateful for, except that saying goodnight to everyone at 7PM means he's stuck in his room with nothing to do but remember that he'd been in here not two hours ago playing physiotherapist with Cas. Drinking is the only sensible option.
"From Titanic." God, he's an idiot. "I meant—like a rich English person, or whatever. I don't know."
Jody smiles as she picks at her beer label, and they both look up at the sound of Claire laughing in the other room.
"Dean. Stop." The bed dips again, and he can finally see Cas. He's even more beautiful than before. "I'm not going anywhere."
And Dean deals. It pickles his brain to think about it, and maybe he sleeps with a pillow hugged to his chest every night hoping desperately that he'll wake up the next morning and find Cas sleeping beside him, but he deals. It's not like this has never happened before, anyway. He's certainly gotten into fights with Cas in the past. They've even done the extended silent treatment thing to each other, and Cas can be a petty and stubborn asshole when he wants to be. Which he's doing right now, except that this time, what's on the line is a lot more than friendship. And Dean's got no leg to stand on. Anything he can think to throw back in Cas' face sounds stupid inside his own head, nevermind out loud. Sorry you're such a good person, you asshole. Sorry you care so much. Sorry that all I'm good for these days is being someone you need to babysit. Sorry I can't even do my fucking job right anymore. Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry. The words aren't good enough, especially the way he always manages to say them.
He looked away. "Yes. It's why I came here, actually. I have to repair my Grace. Theo damaged it in… complicated ways when he tortured me. It will take a while to mend."
"For a few hours, I am." He looked at Hannah, whose expression had soured further. "Is everything in order here?"
There was a heavy pause of silence. With the door open, Castiel could hear the distant shouts of angels and the clash of holy steel. The quakes that rocked the building were explosive now. It was enough for him to drag his head up and look towards the door.
"The sentiment extends to what topics you deem worthy of conversation," Cas tells him, ignoring his flippant tone. "What led you to such a thought?"
"Yeah." She let out a breath. "I'm less tough than I thought. It's kinda disheartening. And now you're—" Charlie gestured vaguely in his direction.
"Nuh-uh, no way. This is still my case." She marks something off on the map on her phone, pausing for a moment to look around. Dean swallows down a sigh of relief at being able to stop for a second, closing his eyes as a weak breeze blows past.
"Yes," Castiel pleaded, grip tightening on Dean's wrists, hoping that was not the incorrect thing to say. "You're—"
Jonah's blade appeared in his hand. Castiel tensed. He had no intentions of fighting back, but his tolerance for pain had worn very thin.
He was more forceful this time, mouth open and hot on Castiel's own. His hands were urgent, cupping his face, threading his fingers into Castiel's hair. They rocked on the bed, and Castiel kissed him back, sighing into his mouth, Dean's stubble rough and pleasant on his skin. And then he was pulling away again, eyes darting around as they searched Castiel's face, his breath scraping harshly out of him.
Dean picks his steps carefully as he walks through the unforgiving grounds of the cemetery, making sure he's not accidentally tripping on any embedded headstones. It'd be just his luck to disturb a random grave and have another angry spirit on their hands.
The broken window in his cell was replaced with a sheet of iron. The wash basin came and went, always situated in the middle of the room. Theo used the water in it sometimes to get his attention, though not to talk. Castiel would be left to hang from his wrists, soaking wet, shivering in his cell.
There's a strict moratorium on hunting when they drive back to Kansas. Dean doesn't remember a lot of the first few days they spend in the bunker, which probably has to do with the amount of morphine in his system. And the concussion, maybe. He isn't sure. The nurses said he probably wouldn't suffer any memory loss, but what do they know?
He sleeps intermittently in the passenger seat, but mostly, he's way too keyed up to relax properly, even with how tired and sore he is. The only time either of them breaks the silence is when Dean offers to drive when he sees Cas yawning about four hours in, to which Cas responds with a very short, very resolute
Bobby's voice came through rushed, on edge. He grabbed the backrest and pulled himself up, snapping to attention.
"Exquisite," Castiel offered softly, and the material of the pillow scratched faintly as Dean nodded.
The silence that stretches between them lasts for a moment too long. There's too much concrete between them and the library to overhear any sort of conversation, so the only background noise is the quiet, ever-present thrum of the bunker's warding and the air system.
Dean shoves his hand into his pocket and grabs for his phone. Fuck all of this. He'll swallow down whatever scraps of pride he has left and call Charlie, tell her he took a drive to cool off, and that he'll go back to the motel and they can do—something. Research. Look shit up. See where the hell a ghoul would hide, if not in the
"Well, then, make it up." She finishes her beer and sets it down beside his before turning back to him, crossing her arms. "I'll let you in on a little secret: most people don't know what they're doing most of the time."
Dean tightened his grip around Cas, fisting working between his legs. He could feel himself straining against the fly of his jeans, aching and uncomfortably hard. Unable to do anything about it right now, he rubbed his hips into one of Cas' thighs, shivering at the miserably insufficient contact. He needed himself hot and hard in Cas' hand, or his mouth, or—
"We don't listen to it often," Cas says with a shrug, a smile playing at his lips as he sips at his coffee.
"Friggin' exhausted," Dean muttered, touching his fingers to the hollow of his collarbone. "Dying is hard work, apparently."
Cas was silent as Dean led them out into one of the lots. The rows of scrapped cars glittered in the sun, and Dean picked a rusty line to walk down so he wouldn't get blinded. The gravel crunched underfoot as he zigged and zagged them through Bobby's salvage yard, far enough away from the house that privacy was guaranteed. He didn't know if that was something Cas wanted, but he was clearly holding himself back.
Castiel found signs of someone searching the rooms he cleared, but no Sam. Of course the brothers would also be checking for intel here; anything else Bartholomew might keep hidden in this place. It was well-warded, so stashing weapons and other supplies here would be—
"Oh." He resumed tugging on the blankets, handing the edge of it to Dean. "Well, yes, technically, I do."
Cas was dead weight in his arms, held up only because he was pressed against the truck behind them, hands fisted uselessly in Dean's jacket. Cas gasped when Dean retracted his hand, and he braced it on the bed of the truck beside them, bothered by the thought of dirtying Cas' coat with the mess on his fingers.
Someone ruins his plans for a nap by sitting him up. He leans into the nearest arm—it's Cas—and gives Cas the privilege of supporting all of Dean's weight. He can hear Cas' breathing where he's slumped against his chest; it's erratic and harsh against his ear.
"Help me understand, Castiel." She pulled at the blinds to the office, drawing them closed. "Because from where I'm standing, it doesn't make sense. Theo told us you were dying—"
"Excited to live with Sam," Dean mutters, shaking his head in disbelief. "Better warn her before she realises what a pain in the ass he is."
The sun had moved out of their path when Jonah stood. "I don't understand. I don't understand how you… find information, find new orders to give others."
Dean traces the side of Cas' palm with his finger, and watches Cas' pinky twitch in response. Their heads are bent close together—close enough that he can smell the pleasant mingling of dust and sweat on Cas—so he doesn't risk a glance up to see if Cas thinks that's weird. He probably does. Instead, Dean shifts Cas' hand in his grip so he can roll his thumb gently into the cradle of his palm, kneading the tense muscle.
"Fine," Castiel ground out. Sam helpfully shone his flashlight into the trunk as Castiel flipped Dean onto his stomach, zipping his wrists together.
The question was more rhetorical than anything. Jonah had discovered that he did not like most of the answers Castiel gave him, so he began to ask as many as possible.
"I don't think I should be responsible for keeping anything alive just yet," he replies goodnaturedly, watching Dean study their entwined hands. Some of the hairs on the back of his hands are bleached from the sun, catching the lamplight and shimmering gold.
Something fractured in her expression. It was difficult to pinpoint what, exactly, but he felt the change in the air, in the space between them.
"That's it," he whispers, sighing when Cas sucks at his pulse. "I'll make it worth your while, sweetheart."
It was difficult to manage the pain inflicted on his borrowed body, so Castiel didn't bother to try. He leaned against the wall instead, suppressing the tremors that worked beneath his skin. The chill even disrupted the old cuts on his body, picking at the scabs.
He looks away from the stupid woman and sees Cas holding his hand out. He's really just urging Dean to keep moving, but the important thing is Cas wants to hold hands with him. Dean takes it with all the fluster of a maiden from a Jane Austen novel and none of the grace, and catches the smile on Cas' face as he pulls them towards the back of the lot. Life is worth living after all.
"Charlie is going to drive my truck back to Lebanon," Cas continues as if Dean hadn't spoken. "I will drive us both back in the Impala. Is the case finished here?"
The present isn't much of a reprieve, either. He feels drunk, almost; high off the intensity of the day. Is this how normal couples feel? Is this why Sam is so goddamn annoying about how beautiful and smart and funny and skilled and perfect Eileen is all the time? Dean already knows he's gonna be fucking insufferable the next time he and Cas are around other people. It's not like he wasn't excited about their relationship before, but they've finally cleared the dragons off the edges of the map. The unknowns are all accounted for, the random vectors eliminated, and Dean's had like four orgasms today, which is a record he hasn't broken in Christ even knows how long. Since he first figured out how to jack off, probably.
The only possible benefit to drinking the brown sludge Biggersons brews in their coffee pots is the caffeine boost, which Dean isn't particularly interested in at the moment. He uses his mug as a makeshift space heater instead, wrapping his hands around the chipped ceramic cup and trying not to fall face first into the table.
"Dean," he said again, as if that was all he was capable of saying, and then his eyes opened. Even now, he looked strained, strung up. There was still something far away in his expression—stresses that he couldn't shake off.
"Yeah." He holds it up by his mouth, clearing his throat. His breath clouds the air in front of him. "Here, Cas. You find anything?"
"Grab his legs," he hears the cop say above the blood pounding in his ears, and then he knocks Dean's lights out.
Castiel helped him, peeling it from under his body and tossing it over the chair by his desk. "I thought I would give your brother the night off. He's exhausted."
Castiel searched his face, and determined after a moment that he wasn't lying. He relaxed slightly. "Good."
"Not every day," Sam said dryly. "Just a lot of days. Our lives are weird. That's not the average hunter experience, though," he assured her. "We're pretty big outliers."
Sitting now on the tiles of the lavatory, Castiel grabbed the water bottle beside him and unscrewed the cap. "I have to sit you up again."
"No, no, it's fine. Um—" Christ, he needs to use his words like a big boy again. This is so hard. And Cas' hand is so warm on his head. "So, gardening, huh?"
Cas tilts his head back and forth, as if weighing the question. "It's hard to describe," he says after a moment. "It's funny. I used to feel more centred when this was simply a vessel, when I knew I could leave Jimmy Novak's body whenever I pleased. Now…." He turns over one of his hands, studying his palm. "Now it's different."
Cas nods. A muscle near his jaw ticks, and Dean's intensely aware of the audience they have. Another point in Cas' favour; he's not gonna start shit in front of Sam and Eileen. Dean wishes he could just sink into the floor. Become one with the hardwood.
"I don't make Dean do anything," he said with a huff. "But he's just—he's worried, and stressed. Like we all are. He's got this… thing." Sam frowned. "Do
Cas smiles at him, brighter than the sun, and Dean thinks he picked the right shirt after all. Back to basics, that's his new motto. Nobody looks bad in a black t-shirt, and besides, he's still not convinced that angels like flannel. Cas never wears it—he prefers button ups and quarter-zip sweaters instead. Dean has no complaints in that department. If anyone could pull off the Gap catalogue, it's Cas. And he does, every single day.
"What's happening?" Dean asks, but Cas just waves him off and ducks his head, frowning as he listens.
It's a fairly simple case. Over two dozen drained bodies identified in the area, which means there are probably shitloads more actual victims. This isn't a too-many-cooks-for-the-pot situation; killings on this scale means the nest is big, big enough to warrant a team of five hunters. They split two adjacent motel rooms for the night, spending the evening planning the raid and sharpening their machetes.
"Oh." Dean leans forward, elbows braced on his knees, stretching his back out with a groan. He wasn't so much tidying his room as he was sitting here thinking about it. Whatever muscle groups are needed to clean houses are not ones he's used to exercising. "Right. Thanks."
"What?" Cas breathes, breaking off from his lips. His hand cups Dean's jaw and forces it up so he can kiss his neck, impatient, and Dean leans into his hand, eyes rolling into the back of his skull. Yeah, he's gonna die for sure.
Castiel rubbed a hand down his thigh, stopping at his knee. "Bartholomew is losing ranks, isn't he? Is it to Malachi?"
The hand Dean still had on his bicep fell away and slipped beneath his coat, a hand settling on his waist. The warmth of his palm was shocking, his thumb running along the bottom of Castiel's ribcage. He shivered, and Dean pulled away again to look at him.
The next set of results offer some much-needed relief, though only because they're even less helpful. A slate of articles pop up, mostly from women detailing their breakups with men who fucked one of their guy friends and realised they were gay. Desperate to find someone more embarrassing than he is, he clicks on a post from Medium and spends the next twelve minutes reading about the author's steadfast conviction that her bisexual boyfriend is actually gay and describing at length why she has to prove this to him as soon as possible.
"How did you find me?" He realised he'd never asked before—not even Hannah. That was a concerning oversight.
don't know." Castiel's sleeves were wet from the water, but he didn't mind. It wasn't possible to remove his shirt with his hands bound, so scrubbing at the stains on the fabric was the next best thing. "And there is also information you don't know that you don't know. I discovered this—"
Irritated, Castiel shook it off, stepping around the divot as he approached the building. The doors were all bolted shut, and the refuse and dirt around the exterior looked undisturbed. It further confirmed his suspicion; Sam and Dean had entered through the other side.
"Yeah. And usually, they do." He scans the row of nearby mausoleums. "You know if any of those were opened recently?"
The weight of his own body was too great. They sank to the floor, Dean stumbling awkwardly to his knees, and for the first time in weeks, Castiel's arms were not above his head. He slouched into Dean's warmth, unable to help himself, and wept with relief.
"I don't mind," Cas says sincerely, already collecting the pizza boxes into a neat tower. He's got that sad, warm look on his face that makes Dean want to put hot rollers in his hair and call him honey-bunches. Nobody else risks meeting his eyes for fear of being voluntold to do it in Cas' stead—cowards—and by the time Dean thinks of an objection that doesn't sound completely insane, Cas is already walking towards the kitchen. Oh well.
A lot of his fears about living in a really old underground hideout built by obsessive archivist weirdos prove unfounded; stuff generally operates the way it's supposed to, requiring only occasional check-ups to confirm that the boiler and the furnace and the wiring are all still in working condition. The much bigger bitch of an issue is the day to day upkeep. There's no lawn to cut and little snow to shovel, but the bunker is big, and vacuuming and dusting and laundry and dishes and furniture maintenance are all ever-present, never-ending realities.
Assured that it's not about him, Castiel smiles a little and scents the air. Dean must be telling the truth. His scent's shifted, but not so acutely. There doesn't seem to be a pinpoint for it. Simply vague, fading irritation as he'd said. And Dean
"I'm not," Sam says without hesitation. "You're my brother. This is what we are. We can wish that we were something else, but we're not. I'm not any better than you just because I don't get caught by the thrall anymore."
Waking up like this sucks since his defenses are down and it takes a conscious effort to keep from having another exhausting panic attack five seconds after waking.
Dean’s head comes up and he pins Castiel with an intense stare, eyes dark, lips pressed into a thin line, strain etched into every bit of his face that’s not covered by bandages.
“You’re being quiet now, but I still think you need...” Castiel trails off, grabbing Dean’s chin and forcing his head up. Dean’s expression makes him smirk, and he continues, “yes. Defiance in those pretty eyes. You’ll need a firm hand.” He makes a knot in the center of the tie, shoves it into Dean’s mouth, and then secures it around the back of his head. “Since you’re still so fond of ruining my ties, bite down on that, and stay silent. Do you understand?”
Castiel’s smoky chuckle overtakes the grating screams; a sound that Dean’s unashamed to admit has been keeping him warm for their eleven months together as coworkers, since the man’s icy personality towards him certainly isn’t. “Get used to it. It’ll only get worse with Sam being who he is.”
A rusty chuckle rumbles against his chest. “You were amazing,” the reverent voice continues. “Are you okay?”
"I'd be very appreciative," Castiel says with false solemnity; the grin absolutely evident in his voice.
Gabriel sighs. “You’re not wrong. And I blamed it all on that just being the way things work in Hollywood.”
Castiel deliberately controls the morning routine after noticing that Dean’s relaxation hadn’t lasted beyond their eight hours of sleep.
." Castiel makes an ugly noise, stomping away further, but Dean stops him. "Look, sure it needs some work, but you've learned your lesson about contractors. I know I complain, but I'm actually happy to help this house reach its potential. I'm happy to help
Dean suckles the head, fondles Castiel's balls, then draws back long enough to say, "c'mon, fuck my mouth, baby."
Dean presses in harder, mouthing over the shell of Castiel’s ear, murmuring right into it. “Give and take, right? Absolute trust. Do ya trust me, Cas?”
“Cool,” Sam says, tracing the whorls of color on the granite countertop. He shifts from side to side. “Um... is he avoiding me?”
"Sex requires calories," Dean reasons good-naturedly. "I'm actually kinda hungry, too. What do you want?"
“Don’t be racist,” Sam says mildly. "I'm paying for the movers to haul your car up there, too, so you don't get to complain."
"Normally," Castiel muses with a smile. "Does it bother you thinking so often that you're not normal?"
It’s enough to chase away Dean’s preoccupation with his own panic. Gabriel is devoted. Not just to Sam as a potential golden goose, but he’s also invested in Sam’s happiness. Just like Dean is. Just like Castiel is. Just like everyone who
“No more taking.” Castiel waits him out. Tests Dean’s focus and resolve to behave. Dean can do this. He can do anything for his Dom. He tries to recenter himself, breathing evenly in and out, clearing his mind. He’s practiced this with both Cain and Lisa. Mind over matter was a strong analgesic when he was in the worst throes of his recovery, and it works now to keep him in the present.
The fallout doesn’t happen immediately, which actually causes Dean some anxiety. He carries his phone with him everywhere the following day, and it remains silent. If he didn’t know any better, he’d think that Sam was trying to fake him out, but he’s not that kind of man.
Castiel had needed absolutely no convincing whatsoever to call in some backup. Cain, Jody, and Bobby had been thrilled to answer the call.
And he’s so preoccupied that he doesn’t notice someone else in Baby’s stall until he’s practically tripping over the guy. He rears back, tossing his hands out and being met with a staying grip.
They sit in silence for another minute, Sam staring thoughtfully out the kitchen window behind Dean’s head, and Dean polishing off the rest of his breakfast. “You’re worried about something.”
Sam turns slightly towards him. “I don’t think you’re like that. Not anymore. But that doesn’t explain why you don’t want to marry me.”
"Long night?" Sam asks concerned. He slides a cup of coffee over to his brother and sits down across from him.
Castiel's smile is deeply affectionate. "All over the house," he quips. He holds out his hand and Dean takes it. He helps him up, and then they're going up the stairs slowly, side by side, down the hall to Castiel's bedroom.
“Yeah,” Dean drawls. “You just focus on not flub-b-bing your vows or snot-crying enough for the cover of the Enquirer.”
"You're more like a fixture," Castiel says sarcastically. He puts both of the coffees on the counter and slides them over. Elbows on the counter and shit eating grin in place, he continues, "you don't count. But I hope you have a
Castiel’s head shoots up and he stares at Sam wiping his eyes on his sleeve. “I’m sorry,” he murmurs. “I’m so sorry, Sam.”
"Hello, Dean!" Castiel greets. He abandons the boxes to walk beside him on the way to the service counter. "I was wondering where you'd gotten to this morning. Missed you during the rush."
Castiel’s face screws up with pleasure. He takes his bottom lip between his teeth, hissing out panting breaths. “You can punish me, Dean.
There was another series of thumps from the trunk, interrupting her train of thought, making everyone except for Sam glance back.
Dean got two forkfuls of home fries into him before his stomach started doing weird shit again. Abandoning his plate on the table, he retrieved another water bottle from the mini fridge in the library and sipped at it miserably while Charlie explained cantrips to him.
"No, Cas. I hear you loud and clear." Dean ran a hand through his hair. "Look, man, if I'm such a problem for you, you can just—"
It was freaking him the hell out. "You okay?" Dean asked, and gently smacked his arm when he didn't respond. Cas glanced down at the contact, and then met his eyes.
His vessel was failing him. He could feel it withering as it struggled to contain that much more of his Grace, now bound to Earth and the linear flow of space and time. This must be what the others felt like, Castiel thought. All the angels who had been shut out of Heaven, their Grace still tied to the foundations of His kingdom and yet unable to return. Their human vessels weighed on them like a lead ball on a sheet of cloth. He remembered, long ago, what it had been like to first be confined to a vessel as he walked the Earth. Suffocating, claustrophobic, unacceptable. It didn't bother him now, which was exactly why Theo was doing this. To make him suffer as their siblings did.
"I know," he gasped into Cas' shoulder, fingers digging into his hip. The hand Cas had on his cock went still, and Dean groaned. "Come on," he muttered, rocking his hips forward. "I'm dying, here, Cas—"
"Hannah captured one of Bartholomew's guys and got the location out of him," Sam said with a small, humourless laugh. "Go figure."
Dean's no expert on apartments, but Alex's isn't half bad. Definitely better than some of the places he and Sammy squatted in; hell, it's better than a lot of the motels they've stayed in, too. The place comes with a fridge, a stove, and a sink—do they usually come with all this stuff? it would be weird if they didn't—and most of the light switches seem to work. The stains on the ceiling are small, old, and not immediately concerning, though the egg-white walls are scuffed enough to look barren rather than minimalist.
good—but not even their first time was like this. This feels like a proper do-over, getting rid of the uncertainty, the negotiating logistics and positions and awkward glances. Cas wants him, and Dean wants
"Prophecy failed," Castiel said hoarsely. "That was enough to plant doubt in our siblings' minds. And if that was wrong… perhaps other parts of Heaven were in need of reordering as well."
Dean studies the dark surface of his drink as he struggles to keep his eyes open. His jacket smells like graveyard dirt and smoke, and the rest of the table isn't exactly taking cues from the perfume department either. In fact, the other three people he's sharing a booth with are about as animated as fresh corpses; Eileen is staring out the window with her chin perched on her hand, seemingly debating the merits of falling asleep in a diner. Sam sits next to Dean, sipping his coffee and scrolling through the case checklist he has on his phone, though there's not much left to do besides call up the Sheriff and tell them the "graveyard issue" won't be a problem anymore. Dean had at one point known the man's name—Walt? it's probably Walt—especially since he was one of Jody's friends, but the guy's just a cop-shaped hole in his brain right now. Whatever; point is, they got the job done and escaped in one piece. It was the sort of case that's both a massive pain in the ass and incredibly simple. Get your hands dirty, smoke the ghost, retreat to an all-hours diner to celebrate your new layer of bruises.
"Yeah, he took the upper floors. We've been combing the place looking for you." Dean blew out a breath, boots scraping on the concrete. "I have to grab my phone. Can you stand?"
"I'm fine," Dean insists, yawning into his knuckles, and pulls the thermos out from between his legs to take another generous swig of coffee—not sludge this time. Sam went to a fancy coffee place earlier in the evening to get them all take-aways for the drive home, and in a show of gratitude, Dean only mocked him once for the vanilla latte Sam bought for himself.
He eavesdrops on Cas' phone conversation—he's a popular guy, apparently—while he grabs Woodworking for Dummies and flips through it to distract himself. It's probably for the best that he doesn't attempt anything more adventurous than handholding until he's one hundred percent certain he's not gonna vomit or pass out from any sudden movement. There's also his broken arm. If he's going to sleep with Cas, he should probably do it with both hands fully operational.
"I do," Cas eventually admits, cold as ice. It reminds Dean of when he'd first landed on Earth; speaking all monotone, with a complete lack of any identifiable human expression. His features are marble, severe and rigid, but the giveaway is his eyes. They're burning in their sockets, bringing to bear billions of years of cosmic patience, just to be tested by one puny little human. "When we spoke on the phone yesterday, were you still in Kansas?"
Dean's also careful to watch his footing. The ground is weirdly uneven towards the northeastern corner of the lot, and he has to test the grass in front of him with a foot to make sure he's not stepping into a dirt pothole. He doesn't really blame the folks of Sioux Falls for letting their cemetery fall into disrepair. Weird shit keeps happening here. Better to leave it be.
He could throw his arm over his shoulders, he thinks, and then immediately recoils at the idea. That's teenager grade shit, not to mention fucking embarrassing. He's got more game than that.
"I don't mean to disturb you," he said, looking between the three of them. "I can see that you're—busy."
That's actually not bad advice. The last few hours have been a pain-fuelled blur, and he's still not entirely sure what's going on. But one thing is certain; he's gotta recalibrate, really think out the next string of words he needs to say, and then say them to all the appropriate people in the right order and tone of voice. There are amends to be made, and he's trying to be better with that sort of thing. It would probably help his case if he stopped pulling stunts like this. But then, well, who the hell else is gonna do it, if not him? He's always been the fall guy. And it all worked out in the end, besides.
"Dean." Jody touches his arm, making him look up at her. She's got an earnest expression on her face, and it's hard to meet. "What is it?"
He was jostled rudely away from Dean's chest as Dean pulled him back by his shoulders, keeping him upright. It took all he had to meet Dean's eyes.
Dean shrugs. Resists the urge to start Googling better cleaning methods on his phone. Has a hard time resisting the urge to Google them. He groans. Swipes the screen back on and pulls up his contacts. He should probably call Jody or Donna right about now. The spiral is starting, his brain rapidly draining from desire to make it all worse on the internet, to the
to be scared of!” Gabriel protests. He gestures weakly to encompass all of Sam. “You’re eight feet tall, and nice, and kind, and you want dogs instead of kids, or maybe with, I dunno. You go running, you have a million women and men drooling all over you all the time... you could have literally anyone!”
The truth of it sticks behind Dean's teeth like it's been glued there. He can't say what he wants to because it's impossible. Unbelievable. Horrifying.
Dean eases himself onto the table, feet lightly brushing the floor. “Y’know, th-th-there was a t-t-time when I th-th-thought th-there was no one in the world who would b-b-be ab-b-ble to hand-d-dle all of me. Th-th-that it’d b-b-be a mistake to let someone g-g-get that close.”
Burying his nose against Castiel’s neck, Dean blindly gropes for the handkerchief in Castiel’s pocket to wipe his hands, and then tucks them both away. “Sorry.”
actually want Castiel to come over. He's not sure what'll happen opening up his own space to someone who doesn't know how to control it the same way that he and Sam do.
“Hey, Cassie,” Gabriel greets, sounding much more like his old self than before. “You exiling yourself, too? You said you were going to bed two hours ago.”
Day 0, as Dean thinks of it, is fine. Castiel smiles at him as usual over his morning cup of coffee, moving around him with ease and casual touches that they’ve become accustomed to in the past year, even before this mess happened. But it’s only for the morning. Castiel seems to sense Dean’s hesitance once they’re both awake and in their work clothes. As soon as they’re out of the car and on set for the day, Castiel takes up his post without comment. Dean watches him go silently, his need for both physical and emotional distance greater than his libido. Which actually makes him feel
Sam takes Castiel’s place, grabbing Dean’s arm and shaking him. He points up to the jumbotron. Dean’s name is flashing on the screen in bright yellow caps font. Next to it, a 92. Dean’s whole body startles. He jumps up, whooping. That score lands him soundly in first place with only four riders left. He fucking did it! He rode Larry! Hard!
"He said so," Dean shrugs. "Look, I know it's lame, but Cas is on board. He said anything that would make me comfortable. I know the cafe, and it'll be after hours, and I'll bring the food, so it's no big deal."
Castiel pours himself a cup of coffee, trying not to snap, but he hasn’t slept well in days, and it’s
“I know,” Castiel sighs. “I was just hoping... I’m still hoping that someday... I need it to all be behind us.”
, who guided me through all my ups and downs and roadblocks with this fic. It never would have gotten written without you. And it
... strange. Something to think about. Dean's always ordering the same drink, except twice. Always having Castiel make it. Always making it the exact same way. Always looking so uncomfortable walking in until he spots Castiel himself, waiting and ready to take over his order.
Dean tries to smile, but feels like if he moves his facial muscles too much, he'll end up barfing. Sam's okay. Sam's happy. Sam's out of his car. He's at school. Nothing will happen for now.
The pasta noodles fall right off Gabriel's fork. His mouth remains hanging open. "What? Do you and your brother collaborate on milestones or something?"
“Sure, yeah, whatever. He just doesn’t know a freaking thing about managing a breeding ranch. He hates rodeos. He acts like he’s better than everyone else because he’s in charge of the payroll. He wanted to put down a lamed horse that he was responsible for!”
He removes his gun from the locker and fills the clip. He pulls down the used paper target and replaces it with a fresh one, then hits the button on the side of the divider to move it to the end of the range. Ear protection back on, he squares off with the target, pointedly ignoring the way his arms shake a little. He can compensate for that. Hopefully.
She shakes her head and she reaches over to smack his knee. "Credit's yours, pal. Just keep moving onwards and upwards, 'k?"
Dean knew Castiel was strong, but this is incredible. It’s tight, hot, he can feel the flex of well-defined muscles against him; masculine in a way he’d been missing for quite a while in his recent years of sexual activity. “Shit,” he whispers. He blinks and stares up at Castiel, burning up with desperation. His balls tighten and he keens a strangled noise. “Cas, I really think I’m gonna...”
Quick and dirty. It’s delightful. Castiel and Dean both breathe deeply, recovering in the afterglow together.
"It's not on this week's lesson plan," Castiel retorts dryly, breathing in the steam from his mug. He sits down at the table, fearing a long, drawn out conversation that will be a while in coming.
“Yeah, I... yeah,” Dean says softly, clearing his throat. “You already know I like pain sometimes. Um... bondage. Not sure how far I’d like to take it, but I... man, I like ropes, cuffs, scarves, you name it, I’m probably game.”
Gabriel goes up on his toes and gathers Sam in a firm hug, patting his back several times and then rubbing vigorously. He’s woefully ill-equipped for this sort of thing, not having been suited to real comfort ever. Comforting people he cares about it is a pretty damn alien concept to him, because he’s rarely cared about anyone. However, to be with Sam Winchester is to be unselfish, and that’s to be out of character for Gabriel. But hot damn, does the huge actor make him want to try.
A hint of irritation seeps into Dean's voice, wiping away the remaining wisps of the afterglow. "Cas, seriously, man. I don't mind the midnight booty calls, but I'm tired now."
“I love these cons!” he enthuses. “All these people! And they’re so nice and supportive! Did you hear those questions they were asking at the opening panel? They know stuff I never even
Dean’s whole upper body shakes with his contained laugh. “Y-y-you and y-y-your formality,” he chuckles. “Okay, what can I d-do to help you not focus on your boner?”
Castiel's expression eases into his attractive half-smile. "No. So... now that we understand each other, does this mean we can keeping talking and decide if we'd be compatible... friends?"
Shaking his head, Dean says, "I don't even remember." He does remember, though. It had been when Sam was doing things that were best done in the middle of the night, and he doesn't do that anymore, so he's not going to get into any of that with either Jody or Donna. They've hashed out all of those past issues over the years plenty. They can read between the lines if they want to.
"Could'a fooled me," Dean mutters, feeling much bolder in the face of Castiel's embarrassment. "I watched you try on like, fifty things today, and you looked good in all of them."
Sam rolls his shoulders and adjusts his hands on the steering wheel. “Yeah, I know. But he figured his kids are able to take over for him at the ranch. And they want to, so...”
The DJ leans towards her and laughs, then flicks the mic back on. Speaking directly to Sam he says, "our good Miss Bradbury here wants to welcome you back into the warm, sultry embrace of higher education. First round's on the house. Second round's on me!" The crowd erupts into cheers and Sam's heart stops.
guest. Who has a great ass that Dean tries only sort of hard to not notice. Belatedly, he moves to relieve Castiel of the beer. "Thank you," Castiel says softly, eyes drawn up to meet Dean's again.
“Not much,” Castiel says. “Sam spoke some of himself during our time together in college, though he rarely spoke about you personally. He told me about your mother dying when you were children. The fire... he told me what he remembered. Some of his stories included you, so that I had an idea of who you were before we met, but he never betrayed your confidence even slightly. In fact, I once asked why you hadn’t come to California after your father died, and Sam only told me that you were working through your life in your own way.”
A hand on his shoulder swings him back around and he’s about to say something else to Sam, but it’s Castiel this time. He looks incredibly pissed. He grabs Dean’s hand and shakes it almost painfully. “Are you hurt?”
Desperately, Castiel strokes himself twice, ramping up the pleasure higher, relaxing around Dean's cock further. "Feels wonderful. Full. Oh, God, I could do this forever. I can take it. Please, Dean. More!"
Sam had spared no expense in remodeling this bathroom when they’d moved in. He’d allowed both Dean and Castiel to choose one of the rooms they’d claimed for a full revamp, no questions asked, no penny saved. It had been his concession to having his brother and best friend living with him in his large home. He wanted them to feel truly
And he knows what this is going to do to Dean. As in control he is inside and outside the bedroom, the combined heat and rut scents are taking him over. And he doesn't want it to stop. He never did. So he raises his hips higher, brutally aware of the slick glistening on his ass, on his thighs. In that moment, he feels so very young and giddy.
"Saturday," Gabriel murmurs as they pull apart for the fourth time, insisting that Sam has to go or he'll be late. "Come to the club."
Castiel coats his fingers in lube. Dean watches down his body as those nimble fingers stroke over his dick several times, then down to his balls. He whines again but it’s cut off in a gasp around the silk in his mouth when Castiel circles the sensitive skin around his hole and then pushes his long finger inside past the resistance. Dean’s lower back arches up, changing the angle of Castiel’s finger; forcing it in until it brushes against his prostate.
Castiel gives Dean's hand a warning grip. "We're going to come up with a way to discourage you from calling yourself crazy. I hate it when you do that."
“Don’t fall asleep,” Castiel says with warm humor. “I realize that I showed off earlier, but I don’t think that I can carry you all the way to the bed.”
It’s overwhelming in a completely different way than ever before. Not better, but different. And wonderful. The heat alone is enough to make Dean’s dick pulse with want. “Cas,” he grits. “Can I...?”
Castiel’s blunt finger circles his rim, warming the lube. He slips past the resistance easily, and Dean’s hips buck up to drive him deeper. Castiel’s finger hits his prostate so unerringly that he spasms and his foot locks up completely. “Sh-sh-shit!” he gasps.
Sam’s with them a moment later, actually staggering with all the fresh produce he’s bought. “Good haul today. You ready to go?”
“I don’t actually know,” Castiel admits helplessly. “There’s too much in my head. Our failed scene, Jack’s injury, Sam almost being hurt... it’s too much. There wasn’t time to process anything after the scene, and it was so long. And then everything after happened so quickly...”
Dean carefully puts the gun back in the cedar case and sets it aside. Then he stands and holds both hands out. “Right now. Come on.”
He’s only gone for a minute, returning with a small pine box. Dean blinks at it. It looks too small to be any sort of toy for their scenes, but Castiel is still holding it like he’s embarrassed to give it to Dean. His eyes are trained on the floor, ears pink.
“Okay, y’all. Aside from the usual security measures, we have an individual who has been stalking Sam here, and we have reason to believe he might show up at this convention. I’ll be forwarding you his file and picture, and I want eyes peeled for this guy at all times, even before Sam shows his mug for panels and stuff. He’s dangerous, unstable, and yes, his real name is actually Lucifer. If you see him, detain him as quietly as possible. His picture will be up in all the access areas.” He’s already had the hotel print out some copies, that the detail passes around.
“Can’t you just give him a chance?” Sam pleads. “I mean, Anna will probably be there, too just in case, but she does the runarounds like I do. You’re retiring, anyway. You can suck it up just this once.”
The man smiles smally, the crow's feet around his eyes deepening. He holds out his hand. "Dr. Castiel Novak. I'm a trauma surgeon at St. Joseph's."
Bobby tells him to not think about it too hard. But he gives the same gifts every year. Top shelf alcohol to everyone, and a mint condition classic skin mag that Sam and Dean laugh about coming from Bobby’s own personal collection. Though Castiel suspects, in reality, a long time of planning and researching is what brings those magazines. Even Charlie and Gabriel have been added to the list in recent years.
"Rut!" Castiel gasps, yanking harder on Dean's hair. "Is that smell..." He breaks off with a high, keening whine when Dean reaches behind them, slips his finger into Castiel's pants, and drags down to trail through the slick. "Oh, God, we're synced. Are we synched? Please say we're synced!"
But when he does, Castiel is there. He rolls his hips into every thrust, snapping against Dean's abdomen hard. He lets Dean set the slow pace, building them towards the tidal wave of release without rush.
Dean gapes at the message for a full minute. Then he starts to laugh. Relief and affection wash over him quickly and suffocatingly sweet. He grabs his remote and changes the channel. Then, before he can think twice, he hits dial.
"I don't wanna, but I am," Dean confirms. "It's just..." he shrugs expansively. "That date was awesome. Cas is awesome. Being around him is
"Hell, no." Of-fucking-course not. Why would some random dude in a cafe be a safe person? They've barely said more than two words to each other on the daily.
Dean puffs a short laugh onto Castiel’s neck and finally draws back. He gets one good look at Castiel, and then himself in the mirror and bursts out laughing in earnest. “Well, we d-d-don’t look like we just had-d-d sex,
Castiel gives Baby’s neck a final stroke, and says softly, “I don’t hate it, though. Would you mind if I watched you ride and came to your event later?”
This morning, his bones creak and pop a little bit more than normal as he stretches and sits up, rubbing his face vigorously with a moan. At least he can smell coffee brewing. That means that Sam is already awake and finishing up packing for their trip to Montana.
Dean huffs a small amused sound. “Sounds about right. Actually, he doesn’t remember a lot of what went down with Dad back then. I think... I
Castiel takes his time to kiss every one of Dean’s fingers in turn. “Patience. Discipline. Appreciation.”
Sam removes Dean’s hand from his jacket finger by finger in order to hold it tightly instead. Gabriel offers his hand on the other side.
Sam scoots around until he's on his side, phone on the pillow beside him. "Yeah, Dean's talking to Cas so I figured I'd make myself as scarce as possible."
Dean tries to smile, but all that can make it out is a grimace. "Hope I'm not imposing on a family vacation or something."
"That's rich, coming from you," Castiel says, though he can't stop the desperate tinge in his voice. As much as he enjoys kicking Gabriel out of his home - and he enjoys it a
Sam nods uncertainly. “Yeah. I... yeah, okay. I mean. God, it’s just like I feel things have gotten really complicated between me and Gabe. More than normal, anyway.”
Smiling a little at her constant cheer, Dean asks, "how do I get over all this guilt for more than a month or two? How do I start to believe it when you, and Sam, and Jody tell me that I haven't been holding Sam back from his life? When does this therapy shit really start to work?"
to him. And then get with Jody. She can help you with all the mental creepy crawlies you get around him."
They're so tuned to each other, that even the unknown absence is missed. At least for one of them. Dean has accepted several late emergency calls that pull him out of their warm bed in the middle of the night. He tries not to wake his mate, but it only takes a few minutes before Castiel subconsciously senses the fading pheromones, and rolls into Dean's space mournfully, hugging his pillow tightly. But there's always an apology waiting, no matter how little sleep Dean's gotten upon his return.
Castiel’s messed hand snakes down between Dean’s legs, fingers tracing over his balls, back across his perineum, around his tight hole. The touch is quite clinical, like he’s simultaneously preparing Dean and wiping the lube off of his hand. And
Dean lounges back, yawning himself, then shaking his head like a wet dog to throw off the last of his own exhaustion. "I get that. You're the brains of this operation. Not to sound like your parent or nothin', but remember to eat and sleep, all right? That's all I'm asking."
They'd managed to get there, but it had taken a lot of work. Namely, Sam putting locks on his bedroom and bathroom and carrying around the only set of keys so that Dean couldn't break in whenever he wanted and let his rituals destroy Sam's living space.
Dean rolls onto his side, propping his arm under the pillow and studying Castiel’s satisfied face. “Your eyes are a lot bluer right now,” he says without thinking. His brain appears to want to write its own sonnets in Castiel’s stead during the afterglow.
Dean’s eyes roll again, but instead of conking out, he struggles to move them to the side towards Meg’s voice. They dart around, but Dean’s forehead wrinkles with concentration and he’s finally able to mostly focus on Castiel as Meg draws back a little. His fingers twitch and Castiel gives his hand a light squeeze. “I’m here,” he says, leaning closer. “Welcome back, Dean.”
“Enough lollygagging,” Bobby says sourly, not about to be put off from his contest. “We got crap to do, so let’s do it.”
Dean snaps the laptop shut. “I’m t-t-trying,” he spits. “I b-b-been t-tryin’.” He strips off his reading glasses, tosses them aside. Scrubs at his face. Speaks a lot more gently once he continues. “Man, I s-s-s-see the way-y-y-y- y’look at m-m-m-me.”
Beaming, Sam throws an arm around Jack’s shoulders. “He’s done an awesome job the past couple weeks. I think you guys’ll do just fine with him.”
Gabriel uses his hands and the loofah to smooth the soap over every inch of Sam's body with reverence. From his shoulders to his back and down. He makes small breathy noises every time he encounters a spot that makes Sam's muscles unintentionally flex.
Castiel leans back on his hands, assessing. "Your fly's closed and you're just missing shoes, so what do you mean?"
Dean grabs the ketchup bottle and squirts another pile onto his plate. "Stay out as long as you want." He glances up, knowing Sam will more often relent and believe what he's saying if they make eye contact. He's getting creepy-good at reading people. "For real, man, I'm cool with it. I actually feel a lot better knowing you're out there having the good time you're
Castiel clears his throat. "Yes, I... um, I would like to speak to Dean... and you, of course. About a possible... deal..." he flinches inwardly. He's always been on the awkward side, but this is a lot even for him. He's always been able to put on his professional face easily. The only way to seal a deal is to be confident about it. Not like he's looking to make one. He just... why is he here?
Castiel realizes that Dean has noticed something off. As much as he tries to hide it, after a while, it simply can't be done. Very few things bother angels. This is one of those things. It crawls through his back to his shoulders, making him shudder occasionally.
Dean slides back up, finally picking up his fork. "It's not a family problem," he says eventually. "It's a personal problem."
"I know," Gabriel assures him. "It was all me and my wanting to find something wrong with every good thing. Self-sabotage and running away were sort of my calling cards."
And in the shuffle, inspiration strikes. Gabriel digs into his bag quickly for his packet of sticky notes, scribbling quickly before shoving himself out of his desk and passing the quizzes out. Then he goes back to his perch and kicks back in his chair, feet up on the desk, pretending to be engrossed in his phone, but he keeps half an eye on Sam, drooped over his paper, writing unceasingly. Until he turns the paper over for the last question.
In that moment, he's pretty fucking tired of all the egg shells they're walking on, too. "It was about Cas," he offers.
They've been out a few times before. Nothing like a date, as Dean would call it, but lunches off campus. Dinners. Bowling. To each other's apartments for movies and pizza. The lack of confidence today is new, so Dean does his best to pretend it's not there. "Sure. For what?"
“It’s incredibly useful,” Castiel praises lightly. “I’ve never been able to see the patterns that you do.”
is supportive of my vices." He carefully constructs the beverage and instead of moving back to the register, he pushes up the counter hinge and comes around to the front. "Are you in a hurry? This one is on the house."
“No!” Gabriel answers just as loudly. “I didn’t-” his eyes dart around, noticing the attention they’re getting. He pulls in close to Sam and mutters, “come on, let’s talk more privately.”
won't survive this. It takes him a minute to rally, but once he does, his smile is back. "Bet you've never actually watched the stars there, huh? Only done a lot of hardcore making out."
Castiel crosses his arms over his chest and leans against the dividing wall, watching Jack check over his weapon. “How did you get into this line of work, anyway?”
Sam laughs; an honest, true punch of humor that has Gabriel chuckling with him as they both lay their heads on the desk like a couple of sleep-deprived idiots. "I really wish you were the one teaching Nick's class," he blurts, infected by the nice repartee enough to be bold.
"Huh," Dean says. He's noticed the glass bottles of honey, both with and without combs, behind the counter in the cafe, but he's never thought twice about them before. "You know, I know some good spots around the area to watch the stars. Spent a lot of my wayward youth discovering them and wishing I was ballsy enough to run away."
, he is, okay? He's really fucking hot. Like, crazy hot. Like, I want to be inside him so much, I can't even stand it."
“Not even,” Sam assures him. “You won’t be the laughingstock by a mile, I promise. He’s booked up all day with pretty much everyone.”
Around them, people come and go. Other families, doctors who aren’t treating Dean. A few nurses who can only say, “he’s still in surgery.”
Dean scowls harder. Castiel squeezes his shoulder as he passes by further into the room. “How is that possible? The profile is impeccable.”
Dean Winchester has a pretty serious problem. A football problem. A football player problem. More specifically, a former wide receiver, now quarterback problem.
"Speaking of which," Sam ventures in a way that draws Dean's full focus. "I was thinking again about a small, part time job-"
. So why is the goddamn Retired Alpha's Association trying to wine and dine him with the offer of a free year of membership? Fuck them. Fuck them all up the ass. He tears up the envelope, throwing the pieces towards the kitchen trashcan. He's only forty. He's... "only" forty. Huffing a humorless laugh, he bends down to grab the scattered pieces that didn't make it into the trash. He's not that old. Just... not entirely young, either. So says his lower back the second he tries to stand up again a little too quickly. Jesus. He braces both hands against the dip of his spine, stretching back. Everything pops. But it relieves the pressure.
. More and more. He can’t come down this time from the painful ecstasy. Can’t take much more. His body isn’t his own. He’s not even inside it anymore. How can he be so fulfilled and still so needy? How can an orgasm not actually be one? How can his body be so heavy, yet still feel like he’s floating way above himself?
"What happened?" Dean asks, eyes on the griddle now that he's put down some of the mix to cook. Donna would see the avoidance of eye contact for what it is, but Castiel either doesn't, or is willing to roll with it.
Castiel's light blush is only heightened by his pleasure at hearing that. "Of course. It's a seasonal flavor, so we won't have it in a few months, but I've always preferred peppermint season, myself."
Gabriel eyes his oldest friend suspiciously. "Dude, since when have you been like this about the people I hook up with? What's going on with you? Have you... Castiel." He sits up straight, all traces of humor gone. "Have you met someone? Are you trying to spread the wealth? You always get like this when you wanna be monogamous again."
Laughing, Gabriel says, "you deserve that mental image for a minute. But, no. He doesn't. He just doesn't like me much and will go to great lengths to make my life miserable, and to make sure I don't steal away his pet projects.
That piques Castiel's interest. His general research had said Dean can play the guitar. He'd like to hear Dean Winchester unplugged.
Castiel collapses back onto the sofa. “I know. I’m sorry. I just... We talked about it last night. I really tried to communicate properly. We were on the same page. We agreed that we wouldn’t make any lasting decisions until we’d at least tried to find a good middle ground. I don’t know what else to do.”
There had been one frustratingly memorable night when Dean was able to do the grocery shopping and Sam had invited Ruby over. He'd intended to keep her in his room so as not to disturb Dean as a compromise, but she had taken it upon herself to bring other people with her.
what happened. I'd have thought he just didn't like me, but he was more scowly until I told him what was up. Then he just... he fucking
Sam smiles, but the gesture doesn't so much as touch his eyes. "I wish I could say the same, but I'm not entirely comfortable with what Gabe's asking me to do."
Snooze and lose on all counts. Dean can't blame the guy, though he wants to. The Winchesters may have started the flow of progress here, and they've made it an attractive area. Cheap, safe, and nice in the future. A good investment for increasing home values. Dean just wishes that their hidden gem could have been hidden for a little while longer.
"I would not!" Charlie protests. "I'd just download some choice games on Steam and play forever. Forget to eat. Forget to sleep. Forget the rest of the world exists." She sighs happily.
Castiel twists the tiny screw until it’s flush with the anklet’s edge and removes the sliver of the key, reaching behind himself again to place it on the night table.
Dean pats his old, tan hat firmly on his head and grins. “Yeah, you’re right.” Then he and Benny are being announced to the raucous crowd. Benny draws his horse to the right side of the metal chute, while Dean takes his place on the left.
Dean had tried his best to keep the neighborhood safe. Safe for his family both present and future. And the only way to do that is to make sure that the people around you can be trusted. People you know more than by face and the name painted on the mailbox. Strangers who live too close always end up being trouble. Hell, whoever they are, they've already stolen Dean's goddamn house. What else will they take?
It usually happens after a couple has either been together for a time, or go through and heat and/or rut together. They smell partially bonded to other people. To each other, they smell "marked." In this fic, for example, Castiel's scent would take on small notes of dandelions, and Dean's would smell slightly of old books. Scent bonds fade more quickly than blood bonds, though the longer they are established, the longer they take to break. For instance, a couple going through their first heat/rut together will begin to see a decline in the bond after a week or two if the couple does not remain in regular physical contact. Older bonds take longer to fade.
He's pulling into the empty lot at Espresso Lane with two minutes to spare, and feels a wash of relief seeing Castiel sitting at one of the patio tables out front, waiting. No time to stew after all. He kills the engine and Castiel stands smiling and approaching.
“What are you thinking ab-b-bout?” Dean asks softly since Castiel hasn’t told him he isn’t allowed to speak.
Gabriel shrugs. "If you dropped out and lost faith in everything, my life here would get way too boring."
“I’ll give Bobby a head’s up,” Dean says. “He’s got a lot of contacts. Maybe Jody can be of help if Lucifer’s local.”
Dean likes seeing some of the humor and happiness return, even if it is in the form of snark. "For us it is, sure. You're Sam fucking Winchester. Looks and charm is a Winchester family trait."
Sam nods, satisfied with that, and leaves Dean to the rest of his nap, or whatever he has planned, and fills his small travel duffel with extra clothes and his toiletries for what he expects will be a fairly messy weekend since, at the very least, they're going back to Splatter. There's still time before he has to leave, so he joins Dean for dinner before departing into the great unknown of having a real social life that doesn't revolve around getting high and staring at a wall for hours. Maybe anything would be an improvement over that, but he's gone past the need for improvement to measurable fun and lasting healthy friendships. It's an awesome feeling. One for the books.
To get out of his own head, he turns off all of the lights in the apartment, and locks the door behind him on the way back downstairs to the cafe's office.
Gabriel appears to be the same amount of talk as action because despite him absolutely locking up in surprise, he doesn't stall. In fact, he forwards the action. He trips back a step, and rather than chancing to bust his ass, jumps up a little, folding his legs around Sam's waist.
Sam allows a short kiss and then they're groaning and stretching out the kinks as they crawl out of the blanket fort.
!" Dean snarls, both horrified and more alive than he's been in a year. "Fuck!" Hands shaking, he reaches out and presses two fingers against Castiel's carotid artery. There's a steady beat there. Fast, but not critical.
Sam pats his brother comfortingly on the shoulder. "Let's hope he's more forgiving than that. Give him the night to sleep on it. In the meantime..." he eyes his brother's face. "We should probably get you to an urgent care. Come on."
Plus, Castiel appears to be sticking around regardless. After their nightcap he shouldn’t have expected anything else. Castiel pushes the wheelchair back to the bed, Dean having given permission and way too exhausted to fight the perceived indignity. He hauls himself back under the covers, rubbing his eyes. “S-s-sorry to w-w-wake you up.”
"But it's putting it all on you," Sam says pleadingly. "That's not right, either. You're dealing with a lot more than I am. Mentally, at least."
"Clearly I have too much time on my hands between the morning and evening rushes. Perhaps I should consider some sort of lunch option."
For once instead of the sound calming him, it makes Castiel profoundly lonely. His house is cavernously lonely. It's a bitter sort of joke for him to only realize as much when he's about to say goodbye to the vibrancy that's filled the cracks. An uncomplicated, "see you next week?" The upwards tone of the question keeping it casual. Reminding them both that this could be the last one. They haven't made any agreements. Either one could terminate the whole thing at any time, without warning. Simply by not answering a text. Or sending one.
All that's left is his Henley as Castiel straightens back up. At his leisure, Dean watching the flex of Castiel's thighs when he straightens. Damn, he's hot. "Yoga's responsible for all this?" he asks, waving his arm vaguely in Castiel's direction.
Castiel smile wryly. “You know me. I don’t go anywhere without a reason, and I’ve never lived in a coastal state before now.”
The second he turns around, Dean is on him like a freight train, kissing him like there's no tomorrow. Goddamn contentious asshole. What is he supposed to do about this? How is he supposed to keep himself in check around this nerdy hippie dude who just
"Sounds like a plan," Gabriel grins. Then, "speaking of bed, I'm dying. I should do that in my bed."
They have several days, though. Perhaps... Castiel shakes his head. It’s probably impossible. They’ve known each other for years and nothing has changed Dean’s opinion ever. A professional working relationship is the best that he can hope for.
He likes the way that Donna laughs. It shakes her whole body. She also hides none of it. She doesn't cover her mouth or try to be quiet. She lets it overtake her long enough that it infects Sam, too. He starts laughing softly. Donna leans forward and smacks Sam's knee. "Like I said: total lawyer. Charming, smart, and flattering. That'll be lethal later on. What I think is that you've
Castiel smiles. “Dean and I won’t be pursuing a divorce anymore. We’ve come to a workable understanding with the help of Cain.”
“Don’t do this. I can’t let you do this. Don’t blame yourself for Dean getting hurt, okay? I seriously can’t handle it right now. I’m about... dude, I’m about to lose my mind here.” He grabs handfuls of his shaggy hair, tugging and releasing before dropping down into the chair on the other side of the bed. He breathes heavily and deeply in time with the beeping on the monitors. “Castiel, I need you in this with me.”
Dean slumps forward, nose to Castiel’s neck. “Th-there was supposed to b-b-be a light at the end-d of the tunnel.”
But by the time Benny’s brought the rest of the luggage up and everything’s squared away, a few hours clocked in with crew about security on the location shoot, dinner ordered from room service and eaten, Dean’s working on a monster of a headache. Plus, it’s finally starting to get late after what feels like a never ending day. Sam’s in his room sleeping as much as possible while he’s healing, and late night TV blows. Slowly, Dean slides sideways until he’s laying down, eyes unfocused on the television.
The smile turns warm and private. Dean really likes seeing that look. “You hummed ‘Night Moves’ under your breath the whole time Sam filmed that love scene in his last movie. It was just barely loud enough to activate your mic.”
"I hear that a lot," Sam admits gamely. "It's good, though. Helps prepare me for the future of always being called a scumbag."
Dean kisses him long enough for them to get fully soaked by the water. His eyes are as warm as the summer when he draws away. "How come you can be so blunt about all kinds of embarrassing thoughts you have, but still hold back on other stuff? Don't mind me. My pretty little ears can take it."
“The selfish part of me hopes that you’ll recover completely. That you won’t lose your foot. That you won’t have permanent brain damage. That...” he lets out a harsh, wet, humorless laugh as he begins to painstakingly shave Dean’s face. “I pray that some miracle will happen. An impossible magic spell that will pull you back from the brink as you were before.”
“Yes!” Dean moans, coming in hot spurts over Castiel’s fingers. His internal muscles clamp down, forcing out Castiel’s own powerful orgasm.
Castiel nods distractedly as he brings out gauze, antiseptic, and ointment. "Most likely. You're coherent, but you are also still in shock a little. Once that wears off, you'll feel every bump and bruise, I'm afraid. Hopefully nothing's broken." He moves close to the edge of the couch and pauses right over the scrapes on Dean's ribs. "Um... we can get you to a hospital tomorrow if the road is clear. I don't have to..."
"That must be nice," Castiel answers, clearly envious. "I have a half acre myself, but it's a normal neighborhood. Lots of streetlights. The only thing that I can do is keep an apiary in my backyard. It's where the honey for the cafe comes from."
Gabriel’s expression doesn’t physically change, but Dean reads people well enough, and knows Gabriel well enough, to see the shift behind his eyes. It significantly piques his interest. “I do,” Gabriel says simply.
Jody keeps them in line, though she's also grinning. "Okay, kids of all ages, why are we're having this session free-for-all?"
“Charlie has worse timing than you do,” Gabriel intones dryly. “She called a few hours ago. ET is coming to town and wants an interview. Live. And my adoring moose said yes, no hesitation. Now, can either of you talk me out of a panic attack, or should I hit up the Xanax now?”
Balthazar scoffs. “Darling, more color options means more sales for the sake of fashion. People want options. And they’ll buy more options. Why sell one hat that works with every outfit when I can sell five of each?”
“I’m f-f-fine,” Dean insists, volume rising. He reaches out and attempts to tug at Castiel’s shirt, but Castiel firmly brushes his hand away.
Taking stock quickly, Dean has to admit, "not at freaked as I thought I would be." He's even able to glance over at Sam briefly. For a moment he's overwhelmed by his big baby brother filling up the entire other half of the passenger seat, claustrophobia clinging to the edges of his mind, but he lets it go. Sam's huge, so this is the worst case scenario. Castiel is smaller, so he won't fill up so much of the space. And maybe it'll be warm enough to ride with the windows down. If it's not...
Castiel plants his palms firmly on the counter to physically stop himself from approaching. But he wants to. He really,
Castiel’s smile is tender, eyes bright. A complete contrast to his sexed-out hair and swollen, glistening lips. “I love you, Dean Winchester.”
The warmth that suffuses him is worth all the saccharine embarrassment in the world. “I love you, too.”
Slowly, Castiel's smile blooms into a gummy grin. He finishes his creation and scoots it along the counter by the tips of his fingers. Dean takes it without a second thought. "Very true," he muses, mirth dancing in his clear blue eyes. "I've never really thought about it, but where
“Christ,” Dean breathes. “That’s what I was worried about. I’ll have Charlie and Gabriel monitor the feeds extra for now. See if there’s any correlation between Lucifer’s emails and that. So far I don’t think he’s the violent type.”
Dean’s head rolls back, and he looks at the ceiling. “D-d-don’t wanna... die. Noth-th-ing but b-b-black when I d-d-d-did.”
Castiel props his elbow on the table, chin resting in his palm. "Coffee tastes better on rainy days," he muses. "I've always thought so."
Cas'll need something to wear that won't accidentally - or intentionally - bring on the only good kind of dirty thoughts that Dean can stand. Track pants and a gray henley along with a pair of boxers that he hasn't used yet. Good enough. He knocks once on the door and slips the clothes onto the sink counter. "Comfy clothes," he says.
“You mispronounced ‘romantic’ and ‘profound,’” Castiel says dryly. “Though you are correct about the paparazzi. They’re going to be a logistical nightmare.”
But he also knows what Castiel is implying and that's... it just can't happen. "Um... you could... first."
Castiel stares at Cain for a moment, considering. Then he sighs. “I’m the reason he’s like this. I think I deserve some self-loathing.”
Days 2 and 3 aren’t all that bad, either, though Castiel pulls away further gradually every day. Dean knows it’s not avoidance, and that’s the only thing that keeps him from getting properly pissed off. Castiel sends him longing looks with tinges of understanding before handing him a cup of coffee and walking away immediately to start their mornings.
kisser. He should have figured. Dean redirects his concentration, urging Castiel to tilt his head. Withdrawing to tease with his tongue against the seam of his lips, interspersing intense, chaste presses of their mouths. He strays every now and then, over Castiel's cheeks, down his neck briefly, but always back to his lips. Worshiping the top lip, then the bottom. They tingle as much as his feathers, shivery fireflies under his skin.
"I'm not gonna lie to you," Gabriel grins. "I mean, not about this. I'll only lie about stupid shit that makes me sound cooler."
"I know jealousy when I hear it," Dean counters breezily, unwilling to give into the nerves just yet. "You can just sit there sulking with your books and potato chips, loser."
Dean doesn’t answer directly, but the relief is there plain on his face. He watches Castiel slick the condom with lube and then reach behind himself to prep a little further. It’s perfunctory, but watching Dean watch him is a highly effective turn on. In fact, he’s in danger of slipping the leash of his control again, so spends less time than normal with it. It’s good enough. When he raises up on his knees, Dean palms at Castiel’s waist, bracing him.
It seems like they’re in front of Missouri before they’ve taken a single step. The music ends. The only sounds that follow are the rustling of fabric as people sit, and the breeze that sweeps over the lawn before everything settles like magic.
you can keep Sam out of harm’s way. That’s not news. I just...” she sighs, deflating a little. “I love you guys. I wanna be a part of this.”
No, it's not. Not if the light is about to leave his life. "I'm not content with, as you so crudely put it, booty calls." The last thing that he wants is for Dean to doubt what he's saying, so Castiel looks him square in the eye as he continues. "I would really like for this to be more... real. Since knowing you, I've changed. Perhaps it's been gradual, but it's been there. And now I can't ignore it anymore. Am... am I making you uncomfortable?"
Castiel runs an agitated hand through his hair and slouches forward in his chair. “I don’t know. I don’t know what to plan for. There’s too much up in the air right now.”
"No teacher kink!" Gabriel admonishes. "I can't be chubbing up all the damn time when I'm at the podium."
“This Lucifer character is a real piece of work,” Dean mutters, swiping at his tablet to the next letter, and then back, and then to the next, and then back a few more.
With a huff, Gabriel falls flat onto his back, yanking his boxers down and taking his socks with it. "Sure thing, bossy. What's the rush?"
Sam opens his mouth to protest again for the hundredth time, but Gabriel interrupts them, placing Sam's coffee and a bagel in front of him with slightly more force than necessary. Sam glares up at him, but Gabriel is looking at Dean. "I told him not to do this," he says. "He thought ambushing you in public would magically make you agree."
Dean slumps forward over the metal table, curling further into himself in a futile attempt to stave off the cold seeping into his bones. "I know."
“Probably,” Dean agrees. The door buzzes and they all pile back to freedom. “I shouldn’t’ve lost my cool. I knew what he was d-d-doing, and I still g-g-gave him what he wanted.”
With trembling fingers, Dean takes it. He squeezes it in his fist. It's so cold. With his thumb, he pops the lid. He can't stop this. He doesn't always know when to give up or give in, but in this case, he'd rather be the one. He can't leave Castiel out in the cold. Not for this.
Gabriel groans. Repeats more slowly, “she went to rehab, okay? She’s been out for nearly a year, and she’s doing great. She’s been slowly getting back into the business. Mostly one-offs on shows up here, but it’s a start! She goes to AA meetings and looks really good when someone gets candids of her. And this morning I got a call that she has a guest role coming up in
Dean follows around the end of the bed to the other side and he sits down next to Castiel who is rifling through a heavy silver jewelry box. It looks like an heirloom. He finds what he's looking for and puts the box aside, grabbing for Dean's wrist again and looping a thin length of leather around his wrist.
But he watches carefully as Castiel watches him. His heart begins to race something awful, but he refuses to squirm. Instead, he does what Cain had taught him. He breathes in evenly until his lungs are full, counts down eight seconds, and then releases the breath. All the while he keeps his eyes trained on Castiel, waiting. For what? He couldn’t say. He just knows it’s a test. Not sure what for, but it is.
"That surprises me," Castiel answers, lifting the mug up high so nothing spills as Dean flops back into the bed beside him. "You seem like a man of action to me. Like someone who'd get awfully bored doing nothing."
It’s like watching a slow motion wreck. Lucifer from his seat at the table in the center of the room, turns his head towards the door. Without so much as blinking, his vacant gaze finds Dean.
And after they’re done in the office for the night, Castiel takes a chance and goes to the bedroom where he’s positive that Dean’s been hiding out the whole day, as usual. He knocks and there’s no answer. For the past week he’d been respecting that, but Dean needs to know the schedule, and it’s a step too far in the silent treatment to start texting him when they’re under the same roof. He pushes open the door.
"My best friend's been a bad influence on me that way," Gabriel says, some of the lightness returning to his arresting hazel eyes.
As he dresses for the show, he wishes for the millionth time that he could have something like normal human stage fright. He doesn't get nervous before a show. He always just feels sort of sick knowing why he's performing. Why he
"He mentioned, yes," Castiel answers, somewhat vaguely, like he's still not all here. "I didn't... I'm not..." he swings around suddenly to face Dean, looking totally out to sea. "To tell you the truth, I'm not sure why I came here at all."
That won’t be a problem. It isn’t a problem. Sooner rather than later, Castiel feels his balls begin to tighten, heat rushing from his spine to ignite in his chest. “Oh, Dean!” he gasps.
"I honestly don't know," Sam admits, brushing aside Dean's horrible jokes. "He seemed pretty laid back both at the club and in class. I'd like to think there aren't any TA's who would abuse their authority, but my faith in humanity is a bit low these days."
"That's fair," Castiel muses. "And it makes a lot of sense. Thank you for being so open and honest with me, Dean. I realize how difficult this all is. I'll do my best not to make it harder."
Dean barks a laugh and Castiel’s face burns hot. “I’m becoming extremely uncomfortable,” Castiel mutters.
"Sure you can," Castiel disagrees with all the false bravado in the world. "You can promise to be open with me. Talk with me and work with me on this. If you can promise that, then I can promise you the same. I'll never leave you wondering."
“I know this all seems overwhelming,” Sam continues, almost pleadingly. “My family is overwhelming and noisy. I’m picky about who I let in. I’m strict about the work I take. I’m stubborn and bullheaded. I own that. But I also think that’s why you’re so good for me. You’re just as stubborn. You don’t think twice about knocking down a single wall that’s in your way. You may have come from a vastly different background than me, but you still fit here. With me. With us. I love you, and I’m so,
Which is unfair, because Dean’s ears and the soft skin on his neck just under them are his weak spots. At least he can make noise. He whispers a moan and Castiel responds to it by nuzzling his stubble against Dean’s cheek before gently worshipping his lips some more.
“Shoot,” Dean answers immediately. Castiel’s face twists, but Dean just holds his hand tighter and leans in to ghost his lips across his temple. “I’ll talk,” he murmurs.
“You can take all the time you need,” Castiel assures him tenderly. “I’m not going anywhere. However, may I request in the meantime, we keep healing? Together now?”
Halfway through the exam, the pain medication kicks in, leaving Dean drowsy, and in significantly less discomfort.
Dean carefully grasps the edges and begins to work it out slowly, very gently jiggling it from side to side until Castiel’s internal muscles unclench enough for it to begin to slide out. All the air puffs out of Dean’s lungs. Castiel strokes into Dean’s hair, hanging on for dear life, confident that he won’t cause Dean any pain that he doesn’t fully appreciate. If Dean arching his neck up with a breathy moan is any indication, he’d be happy for more. And if he keeps on being so amazing, he’ll earn
The bed sinks as Cas sits on the edge, and despite the fact that Dean's done nothing but sleep for the last seventy-two hours, he feels his eyes grow heavy as the morphine kicks in.
"Theo," he tried to say, though the words came out in a squeak, his throat dry from disuse. Castiel swallowed, tried again. "Hello, brother."
"I did it to impress a girl," Dean says, unsure of why he's telling her this. "Did a lot of dumb shit to impress people."
Cas drags a hand over his mouth, pulling harshly at the skin, at the excess stubble, and shakes his head. "We have six hours of road ahead of us," he says, and Dean feels like he's been shot in the gut as he realises he's about to be stuck in a car alone with Cas for the next several hours. "And I'm not discussing this with you in Jody's living room."
"Nothing but an empty scabbard, now," Theo continued, as if he hadn't heard him. "And yet it has the command of an angel. Curious."
They find Sam and Eileen in the library, sitting next to each other eating Chinese takeout in front of Sam's laptop, and Dean feels an absurd spike of jealousy. Whether that's because they're eating hot food or because his brother is on speaking terms with his girlfriend, Dean's not entirely sure, and he's not inclined to think about it hard enough to find out.
He glares at her, but the words finally come out of his mouth. "I like—I stare at him. And he stares at me. Like when we do laundry. And stuff."
With that cryptic demand, Cas takes his leave. It's awkward, because Dean is going to miss him really badly and wants to kiss him goodbye like the fifties housewife he's turned into, but he blew his chance on that already and he'll shrivel up into a piece of gristle on the floor if Cas pushes him away again, so instead he watches him stomp up the stairs from a safe distance, his insides aching. Cas lingers at the door for a moment, his back to them, before seemingly resolving something in his mind and shoving outside, slamming the door shut behind him.
"Um," he clears his throat. Cas looks up at him, and he suppresses a flinch. "I'm pretty beat, too, so—"
There's about a dozen different ways for him to process what she just said, and he latches on to the last one, feeling something trip up inside his brain in a major way. "That's—that's good," he says, sounding like he's a second away from stroking out, and Charlie gives him an odd look.
It was dark in his room, but he could still see easily. He remembered that from last time, too. Glancing at his night stand, he saw the water bottle Cas had been drip feeding him last night, refilled with fresh water. Beside it was a piece of paper, which took him two attempts to pick up properly. Squinting down at it, he read the short note written in Cas' blunt and messy scrawl.
"Stevie." Charlie walks over and sits down on the other queen across from him. "I like talking to my partners, personally. Can I turn this lamp on?"
Dean lets his head fall back down on the concrete, gritting his teeth at the sandy, gravelly sound it makes.
"Metatron gave you orders to lie," Jonah accused him, and Castiel fought the urge to roll his eyes. Not this again. "But Bartholomew is our leader now. You will follow his directives."
"Theo told me that Bartholomew was intent on killing the Winchesters," he explained, hearing the unasked question in her words. "I was worried Sam would be used as leverage against us."
"That's not—" Cas grinds his jaw, and his hands flex at his sides. Lightning is going to strike any minute now. "You know that's not it."
sign at the end, with a soft, concerned frown and tip of her brow as she quirks her finger. Cas actually smiles briefly at whatever she says, answering back, and then Eileen glances at Dean, giving him an amused look, and says, "are you okay?"
Castiel collapsed to the floor on top of Jonah's lifeless vessel. The angel's Grace thrummed through his body as he swallowed the last of it down, already knitting together with his own, repairing steel connections and reinforcing the marble. His chest swelled with renewed power, staggering him. He was still broken, still battered and mangled and in need of repair, but the pain throughout his vessel was only a distant fact in his mind now, cause for concern instead of panic. Castiel braced an arm across Jonah's chest to steady himself.
"Well, I don't—I don't know," he admits meekly. "I don't know. It made sense… it made sense earlier."
Cas stares at him for a long moment, solemn. "I will forgive you for a great number of things," he says to him finally, and the bottle crinkles in his hand from the strain. "But dying is not one of them."
"I'm gonna… go to bed, I think." His eyes flicked to the toilet, nose wrinkling. "Nausea's gone. I got nothing left to throw up, anyway."
Instead, Dean puts his head in his good hand and shoulders his phone. "I'd like that," he says thickly. This is a normal conversation, he reminds himself, and everything is going to be fine.
Dean asks if they'd taken out all the vamps, but judging by the handful of confused looks thrown his way, it probably didn't come out right. He tries for something simpler: "Cas?"
"I gotta get my shit together," he mutters, and wipes his face one more time for good measure. "Uh, thanks, Jody."
Cas' smile lights up the room. "I'm glad." His eyes flick away for a moment, to the television, before looking back at Dean. "Would you like to watch the rest of the movie?"
There's something about kitchens that makes the people inside them say insane things to Dean. Or maybe it's just his kitchen in particular; the inner workings of the bunker are still largely a mystery, after all. He'll need to test this theory in Jody's kitchen and see if it produces the same result. Either way, if someone's in this room at the same time he is, ridiculous shit is coming out of their mouth.
Castiel had little frame of reference for this, but he was sure Dean was enjoying it. He would pull away to suck in breath, seemingly annoyed at his own lungs for betraying him, before quickly returning, face flushed and eyes hungry. His hands roamed, sliding up Castiel's arms, down his chest, around his waist. This, too, was unhurried, but Castiel didn't have to be instructed on how to touch Dean back.
The first inhale was harsh, panicked, the air scraping out of his throat and ending in a wet cough. Dean reached for his neck as he jerked in Castiel's arms, fingers trembling, touching the spot where Theo's blade had entered. There was no trace of it left on his skin—every atom had been gathered and set back into place.
"Then prove it, Dean, and take care of yourself. Otherwise…." Jody shakes her head, and there's a faraway look on her face. "I don't want to bury any more family."
He glances down. Cas is sweaty in that misted kind of way, the kind that only exists on television and photoshoots. If any of this is strenuous for him, he doesn't show it. Is that another ex-angel power of his? Seductively dewy on command?
All in all, though, it's fairly easy to avoid Cas—or rather, for Cas to avoid him. He leaves the bunker a lot, sometimes for groceries, sometimes for woodworking supplies, and sometimes for reasons Dean can't even begin to fathom and probably shouldn't try. He doesn't handle unknowns very well on a good day, nevermind now. Because whenever Cas comes back after several hours of 'going out for a while', Dean eyes his neck for marks and feels deranged for even doing it in the first place. He's not crazy; crazy people don't know they're crazy. He
It was a sound theory. He knew Jonah was coming to him for validation. Not out of pride for having crafted it, but because he sought comfort. He wanted order, even at the cost of heresy. He wanted the structure of Earth and Man to be that of Heaven's.
"It's alright," Cas says, and god, he's feeling weak enough to believe that, that this is alright and fine and normal and not wrong. He's never had someone hold him after a nightmare before. He doesn't know the etiquette. Cas is touching him, holding him like he's some precious thing, and he can't even get out so much as a thank you. Instead he leans into his fingers, into his chest, takes all the space Cas gives him and more. They only touch each other like this when something's wrong now, because whatever is broken in Dean's brain prevents him from speaking plainly, and Cas is too good of a person to ask him to try anyway. Instead he sits next to him in bed and keeps his hands to himself, even when Dean's half undressed. Nobody's ever done that for him before, and he can't figure out how to tell Cas that he has Dean's permission, now and always, to touch him as much as he likes.
"I will join Bartholomew!" Castiel cried, the cell around him wobbling as he trembled. He could not stand. He could do nothing but watch. "Theo, I will join you—"
"What? No," Sam said hurriedly, and then looked at Castiel, concern spreading across his face. "They didn't. Right?"
The 'garden centre' Cas takes them to turns out to be one of those summer pop-up sites built on top of an empty brownfield. It's an impressive set-up for a seasonal thing; steel shelving units laden with potted flowers frame the entrance, and beyond those is a busy section dedicated to herbs and small vegetables, all piled on top of those collapsible event tables. The rest of the lot, towards the back, is covered with a sprawling steel overhang frame, grated to allow for hanging baskets and a hose system. There's a boxed-in cashier's area in the middle of it, brandishing a sign that says CASH & DEBIT ONLY, and the woman manning the counter looks pleasantly bored with her job.
"You can trust me," he says quietly, eyes swept low. It's hard to get the words out, but she needs to hear them, and he needs to say them.
His phone goes off in his pocket. Sighing, Dean fumbles his hand into his jeans and pulls it out. He turned the brightness on his screen all the way down, but it still makes him wince to look at it.
The humour in his voice was weak, but its presence was reassuring. Castiel sat down properly beside Dean, his hand lingering on his shoulder.
Dean clears his throat. "Don't, um, don't be mad at Charlie," he says. "She wasn't—she didn't want to do this."
"I don't, usually," she tells him, exhaling smoke for a long moment before passing it back. "But it's a smoke-in-the-parking-lot kinda night."
"Huh?" he says dumbly. The look on Cas' face is growing increasingly worried, but the stubble on his jaw is making it hard to take it seriously. He should tell him to shave less.
"That's it?" Dean ground his teeth together, barking out a harsh laugh. "Well that's just great, Cas, that's awesome. You're welcome, Jesus—"
"Yes," Cas hums, and relieves Dean of the glorious burden of talking. "As I mentioned, it was a good distraction. I stuck with woodworking at first, because I was afraid I would kill anything I attempted to grow, but Rowena convinced me otherwise."
Hannah was quiet, hand still hanging from her shoulder. Castiel stood beside her patiently, trying not to let his exhaustion get to him. He wanted to leave this place badly. He wanted not to fight any longer.
"Cas?" He dragged his head up from the pillow, blinking heavily, and used his free hand to wipe at his eyes. "What… happened…."
"You're upset," he said finally. Castiel watched the command centre from the glass wall of the office, noting with a twinge how few angels moved around inside it now. He had cleaned up when he arrived, settling back into the familiar coat and dress jacket. His shirt was fresh and ironed once again, buttoned to the neck.
When they returned to the office, Bobby forced Sam to sit down and drink a Coke while he bandaged his arm. Dean went back to the couch, sitting on the coffee table and watching Cas, rigid with pain, breathe uneven breaths.
Dean's head lolls back against the pillow, mouth hanging open, trying not to lose it again. He doesn't exactly know what his problem is, but this is seriously pushing him to his limits. He can't remember the last time he lost his head this bad in bed, and Cas has barely done anything to him. It makes something deep inside him quake in anticipation.
Dean's hands fist at his side. "Fine," he says hoarsely. "Let me just grab my shit, and we can leave."
Dean tightens the arm he has around his waist, and pulls his head up to face him. Cas' mouth is slightly ajar, eyes faraway, like he's not entirely certain he's still on this plane of existence. "I'll have to do it to you again, then," he says quietly, and laughs when Cas drops his head onto his shoulder.
He can't complain too much. Sam did most of the legwork on this one, narrowing down their search to only a handful of graves in the cemetery that could feasibly be the source of the spirit stalking the grounds. Two hours into walking around in the dark and bumping into headstones while freezing his ass off, Dean's of the opinion that maybe they should just leave the ghost alone. Terrorising any teenager dumb enough to sneak into the graveyard at night sounds like a pretty noble cause if you ask him.
he buys him tasty food. Instead of telling Cas he deserves more than a gloomy bunker for a house and a benchwarmer for a boyfriend, he lets him drive Baby around and sleep in his room and goes to dinner with Sam and Eileen when Eileen insists on a double date night.
"Because it's my friggin' job, in case you hadn't noticed!" He struggles to sit up properly in bed, battling fatigue and pain and way too many fucking pillows. "That's what
Sam and Cas get him into the room and then get him horizontal on the bed, and all is right with the world again. There's a sling wrapped around his left arm now, so he doesn't have to worry so much about keeping it still. Someone takes his boots off for him, and on every level that matters, he feels like a Ken doll.
"You wanted to?" He's pushing his luck now, he knows that, but it makes his blood sing just to hear Cas say it. And he's spent the last however many weeks with every person under the sun being mad at him, so he can't help himself.
"We'll watch it again," he promises, the words murmured into Cas' ear. "You'll like it better when you're not blue-balled."
Cas looked up from the fresh rag Bobby had given him. His eyes were familiar; the same intense expression, the same confounding warmth that made Dean want to shield his face and turn away. But there was nothing else to it, no added weight, no flicker or spark. No indication he had any opinion—or even memory—of their last meeting in the scrapyard.
Cas picks at the lid of his own thermos, which just barely fits between his thighs. He has to keep a hand wrapped around it just so it doesn't slide out and fall to the floor. It's distracting enough that Dean seriously entertains the idea of installing cup holders into the dashboard.
Castiel quickly shifted his grip, bolstering instead of cradling, but the damage was done. He'd been too eager again. He closed his eyes, clenching his jaw. "Yes?"
Charlie sits back in her chair, heaving a deep sigh of her own. Her jaw works as she turns something over in her head, and then looks at him. "Fine," she says after a moment, and Dean's knees get wobbly with relief. "We can talk about something else. But Dean—"
Dean watches them go, feeling like he's slowly being pushed underwater, and it takes all he has to look Cas in the eye.
"If you can't, it's alright. I just felt you move earlier." Cas runs a light hand up the length of him, as if to test, sending a jolt of heat lancing through Dean's stomach. And Cas is looking at him, gently, lovingly, and Dean's definitely going to disintegrate at any moment.
"Don't," Dean says quickly, and Cas looks at him. "I'm not telling you this to snitch on her. She's fine, anyway. Won't cause problems."
He's pulling up Charlie's number when he hears the grass shift behind him. Dean drops his phone and takes a knee, unslinging his backpack and digging around for the machete. No way in hell is a monster getting the drop on him twice in a row.
Cas eyed him. "Yes," he said cautiously, as if unsure what portion of his statement was in question. "You're clearly busy, and I can't afford any distractions at the moment.
Both of them look just as exhausted as Jody. A fresh set of stitches zig-zag across Claire's forehead, complimenting the array of bruises on her cheek and freshly-split lip. And he's responsible for every single one of them.
With monumental effort and a final glance at Cas, Dean shoved himself up from the coffee table, stumbling towards the doorway. Sam followed after him, just as ungainly.
Mary gives him an incredulous look, and he grins back at her. "It sucked, if that's what you're waiting for," he tells her, and she laughs as she passes him the cigarette back. "I barely got two hits out of it. Coughed so hard I threw up. God, it was awful."
Shaking out of his thoughts, Castiel glanced down at Sam. He had his eyes squeezed shut, his face pinched in agony.
"Sleep well, Dean," Cas says finally. It's not impolite, but it comes out flat. He'd prefer it if Cas just outright told him to fuck off, but whatever.
Technically speaking, what Dean does for the next seventy-two hours would easily qualify as "sulking", but he's never been one for technicalities.
Mary even makes a surprise visit. Dean figures doing clandestine hunter work for a foreign government gets kinda tiring after a while. She brings beer, though, and asks if she can stick around for a couple days, so he can't complain too much.
"There is another apology I owe you," Castiel began. "For my departure, last time I was here. I promise you I wouldn't have left had it not been urgent." And it had been—a call from Rachel. The thought made something sour twist inside him.
"Dean—" He fixes him with a hard look, but there's too much heat in it. Cas is losing his cool, too.
"I don't know what happened," she said. "And I don't know why you're lying to me. But I know that you are."
"Yeah, and I'm giving it to you. I still have that whole stack." He nudged his chin in the direction of the other postcards. "I mean it. I want you to have it."
"I'll think about it," Dean says, a little choked, and Cas gives him an odd look. Then Cas raises up on both hands, breaking the comprehensive seal of heat between them, and Dean shivers, frowning in alarm. "What are you doing?"
“Then what are you talking about?” Castiel asks in a tone that indicates he’s loathe to force Dean into more uncomfortable discussions about feelings.
Tucking his foot under his leg, Castiel faces Dean more fully. "Not much. I mostly wear chapstick when it's cooler out. My lips get dried out."
Those who have survived and adapted are now just a bunch of land-based murders, in Dean's eyes. They go to bars, clubs, concerts, museums, amusement parks, and universities. Wherever there's a high percentage of humans who can hear them while they're trying to thrall someone. And with luck, someone will get caught in the trap. Most humans are susceptible to being enthralled by a siren, but not just any siren will do. That's why in the old days they traveled in large schools. A group of them could take a whole ship easily. A single siren has to go through a lot more trouble to find a meal.
Castiel wraps them with the padded leather cuffs, securing them with metal buckles. He threads the nylon through the hooks, tying them off with a sturdy knot, and then beings to pull the rope. Dean’s wrists come together and then slowly start to raise up over his head. “I will say this about western bondage. What it lacks in elegance, it makes up for in efficiency.”
He rolls carefully onto his back, letting the familiarity of the space and the music wash over him. Can he really do this? He knows better than anyone that
"It's fine!" Castiel rushes to assure him. "We have to be a little bit creative while we're figuring this out, and if that means a candlelit dinner here rather than a restaurant, I understand. Here's fine."
“Good day, Dean,” Cain says casually from the sofa, flipping through the thousand channels on the TV.
Dean lets out a huge sigh, one that sinks him fully into the seat. "Yeah, you did. Seriously, thanks."
Castiel takes Dean’s face in his hands, urging his chin up for a tender kiss. It’s jarring and shakes loose a sob in Dean’s chest. All of it feels so good. So complete. And they’ve barely even started yet.
Dean gives a single, sharp nod of assent. For a moment, he can’t feel much of anything, but then Castiel deftly begins to tie, yank, tug another loop of rope around both his arms. Tie, yank, tug, loop. Over and over. His arms begin to squeeze tighter against his sides. It feels mildly uncomfortable, but overall amazing. He can’t seem to completely relax still, and that’s perhaps why Castiel is making so sure he feels every binding. He performs about six ties, and then he’s done, and Dean is bound from just under his shoulders down to his hips.
God, he looks even better in the semi-natural classroom light. Today he's got on dark khaki slacks, a white button down, and an honest to goodness burnt sienna argyle vest on. And he's wearing glasses. They look amazing on him. Like a professor out of a sitcom, only better because he's real. And he's still hot.
"Meaning to do something means nothing if you don't do it," Castiel snaps. "And with your history, I honestly don't think you tried." He's too sick to be generous and too done with Gabriel's unfair judgments of people. The understanding approach had obviously failed at their previous conversation, so pointed it is.
The feral grin that spreads over Dean’s face almost flattens Castiel. That is, of course, until Dean sways even closer, wafting his spiced cologne. His warm lips pick a path to Castiel’s ear, teeth nipping the lobe softly. He murmurs, “badge and gun, huh?” Then he pulls back and tucks the tail of his jacket behind his holster, revealing those two cursed objects clipped to his belt.
Dean glances over with his own smile. "Me, too. So, what are you in the mood for? Sam already went grocery shopping, so we've got pretty much everything plus some leftovers."
Startled into a laugh that has him nearly spitting out some of the coffee, Sam coughs and grins. "Why do you think I've got a sob story?"
"Who cares?" Castiel counters petulantly. "I did get over it, and now I'm telling you that you're the best thing that's ever happened to me."
“What about you?” Dean asks, trying his best to rein in his irritation. The kid hasn’t earned it, but it lingers anyway. Cas likes him, so does Sam. Charlie and Gabriel are smitten with him, so there’s no real rush for Dean to like him too, but it’s not exactly true to character for him to hate someone on sight.
Sam is asleep the second his head hits the pillow, which doesn’t surprise Castiel in the slightest. He’d had a lot of explaining to do, questions to answer, and a long, emotionally draining interview about the accident to do. And that was before the press junket even started in the afternoon. Guy’s been going for nearly twenty-four hours on no sleep, and practically ripped himself wide open talking about the ordeal with Dean. Castiel hopes he at least has pleasant dreams.
Dean drinks in every word like he's been stranded in the desert for days. The lump lodged in his throat doesn't let him answer immediately. For a second he hates it, but then he thanks it because his desire to tell Castiel some way, that he appreciates every word, allows him to do something he had no idea he was capable of at this point. He
That’ll keep them out of his ear with chatter he doesn’t need to sort through. The emergency exit opens into a long, concrete hallway that’s clearly for staff only. Lucifer has covered a lot of ground, but Dean Winchester is nothing if not fast. “Patrol, converge on main lobby and parking lot! It’s Lucifer and he’s armed. Dean Winchester in pursuit.”
Even less as he sits at home on a freaking weekend night to review essays. Sam Winchester's is the third one down. Gabriel pulls it from the stack and places it on top. Doesn't read it, but flips through the pages with a smile. Guy doesn't even employ any of the copious "sneaky" cheating methods. The font is 12 pt. Times New Roman, as instructed. No extra spaces between the sentences. No punctuation marks set to a bigger font to fill space. The essay is exactly the length it needs to be, margins set properly, lines double spaced. The consummate nerd. He's going to make a terrible lawyer following all the rules so strictly.
Castiel laughs lightly, too. But his hands keep up their wandering. “I like it,” he says conversationally. “You’ve always been strong. I’ve never thought I could break you, but even so, now...” his fingers dig into the meat of Dean’s shoulders, blunt nails leaving slight crescents behind. Dean moans breathily. “Yes,” Castiel murmurs. His burgeoning erection presses into Dean’s cheek, and for the moment he allows his sub to nuzzle at it.
Dean knuckles Sam’s shoulder. “You’re paying me to. It’s the only way I’d agree to it. At least it ain’t L.A.”
Dean hates waking up early, but there is something great about sitting on the patio of a nice hotel room, sipping coffee, and watching the sun rise over the mountains. Idly he thinks about retiring to Montana. It would be a nice change of scenery. He lets himself imagine having a ranch. Maybe training horses and riders. Some chickens would be nice.
Dean gives him a contemplative once over. Then he grins. “I don’t think anyone’s ever said anything so cheesy to me in... ever.”
Castiel's breath hisses out between clenched teeth, hips jutting back slightly as his dick gives an interested twitch. The sudden, stinging slap to his right cheek makes him jerk. The next one and the next one start to make him properly hard again as his brain is finally able to let go of everything save for the exquisite burn left in the wake of Dean's hand. "That's good," he grates.
Dean blinks at the text. Reads it twice. Jesus. Castiel is actually serious about this. He's not sure if he'd just done enough homework to understand how to talk to him, or if it's some natural instinct he has for dealing with Dean, but either way, it's pretty fucking amazing. Constantly making sure he's cool with everything without sounding condescending. That pretty much never happens, so far as Dean has seen.
"Hey," she says, smiling. "You got that old devil, did ya? Sorry about that. We're heading to the cafe for an afternoon pick me up. Wanna join?"
That night, Dean tells Castiel about what Gabriel had both wittingly, and unwittingly revealed to him. Castiel is a mix of sympathetic towards Gabriel, and worried about the development with Ruby. He says he’ll bring their concerns to Sam directly, figuring it might be better received from a friend rather than an aggressively disapproving older brother.
The tightness of Castiel’s arms feels more... clingy than normal after a scene. The way he shakes. His unsteady breathing. Castiel is crying.
"God, I fucking know," Dean sighs. "D'you think it makes any difference if I was testing myself equally as much?"
"Because now I can help you," Castiel answers, steady. "My grace can aid you when I'm not there, and I... I can rest. I can just
Gabriel holds both hands up in defense. "Sorry, Cassie. After all these years, I'm still not cured of being a dick. I didn't mean to rain on your sexy parade, but Dean-o
“I know you are. You simply picked a stall tactic that I’m extremely familiar with. Well done.” He leans forward, elbows on his knees. “I’m not here to force you to talk, Mr. Novak. I’m simply here to listen and perhaps offer support and psychological tools that you may need to cope and recover from this trauma as well. Gabriel may have summoned me here, but I am in this line of work because I genuinely wish to help people exactly like you and Mr. Winchester. And everyone who loves Dean is affected by this in some way or another. And all of you equally need, and deserve, healing treatment.”
That makes Dean laugh harder. "It's okay, Sammy. Maybe one day you'll be lucky enough to get rid of your virginity."
Sam rests against the table, ankles crossed in that casual way that indicates he’s got something to say that’s decidedly less so. “It doesn’t have to be tomorrow,” he says. “The hiatus is over in another month and-”
Dean slides his head down, pressing his lips gently to Castiel’s. “Fuck, what did I do to deserve someone like you? All that faith you have in me.”
He can tell that Dean’s trying his best, but he’s never been quite as rope stoned as he is right now. To be fair, it was a beautiful scene. Dean had performed amazingly. Is still doing so.
“And never stop again. Or we could go to a resort that has a masseuse on call. Then you could like, change shifts or something. I dunno.”
Beaming, Sam pats Castiel on the shoulder. “Yeah, no, thanks for... um... telling me and everything. I’m not really married to Texas. So, like... did Dean seem happy about the offer?”
At least the roar of the Impala's engine is enough to drown out the white noise. It always has been. The uneven roar and vibrations under him, trickling up his arms to his fingers on the steering wheel. Back before he got into talk therapy and occupational therapy, he'd spent more than a few nights tucked into the back with his sleeping bag just to have a few hours without any nightmares. Sam never said anything about it, just made sure that the garage was closed and the car off.
But the grim mood won’t be shaken. It follows him through two cups of coffee, final words of encouragement from Brady, and the group walk to the courtroom.
Castiel unbuttons Dean’s jeans blindly, drags the zipper down. Releases his husband’s cock which bobs hard and hot in his hand. It feels amazing. Obviously to Dean too, the way he jerks and thrusts into Castiel’s fist before a sharp, “settle!” command makes him go still with a high whine in his throat. More gently, Castiel says, “we’re going to go slow. Feel my touch and just let it happen. You haven’t been able to have this in a long time. And I want to show you how much I’ve missed this the same as you have.”
She gives him a pointed look. “You’re toeing the legal line here, bucko, and I’d appreciate knowing why. Bobby did his normal, paranoid, ‘need to know only’ crap, and if I didn’t know him well enough to trust him, I wouldn’t be doing this.” She shoves a cardboard box across her desk.
he’s overestimated. His brain is sated; waves of endorphins flooding him. But his body can’t rest with his Dom so intent on torturing him. His already-raw skin is abraded even more. Castiel keeps clenching his internal muscles every time he rides Dean’s dick up to keep him from going too soft. The arcs of electricity up his spine make him want to beg for mercy while also begging for more. The only order he has no trouble following at this point is the order to not speak. There’s no way he can. He’s offline.
Somehow, it's completely unsurprising. Neither is the gleeful glint in Nick's eyes. Clearing his throat, Sam says, "seems off brand."
“Okay, great, now we’re getting somewhere,” Dean says, trying his best to bite back his annoyance. “Is this a friends with benefits scenario?”
He’s barely sure that he can understand words at all at this point, but his foggy brain sticks on something. Something that’s telling him to address because it’s significant to this whole, crazy relationship that’s only barely feeling real yet. “For you?” Dean echoes faintly.
"No," Gabriel huffs. "Your paramour, dumbass. Orders the same thing every day? Drives a real piece of compensating-for-something? Ringing any bells here, or were his green eyes that forgettable after a single, torrid night?"
“‘Morning,” Dean says curiously, digging for the room service menu under a pile of flyers for hotel services and local tourist attractions. “Did you sleep?”
Dean jerks his head towards the table. They both take a seat, not quite meeting each other's eyes. Slowly, he says, "Sammy, you've been really good about doing the heavy lifting the past few years, right? I need you to know that."
Dean rolls his eyes. “I’ll never not be about flying, but that’s not the issue here. We got a problem.”
Castiel swipes water and hair out of his eyes roughly. "Sorry!" he apologizes quickly. "I didn't mean to."
Strangely, Dean feels his face start to heat. "That's... not really what stereotyping is, Cas. You're just telling me your observations."
Gabriel sputters, and Sam laughs for real, helped along back to his normal self thanks to Castiel. Then it occurs to him that those two are talking with an awful lot of familiarity that doesn't typically happen between a simple customer and owner. Unless. Sam has the horrible thought that perhaps Castiel flirts with everyone. "Um," he says, shifting from foot to foot. "I'll have a blueberry muffin and a peppermint mocha, thanks." He tries to appear casual as his eyes flick between Gabriel and Castiel. "You two know each other?"
Dean acquiesces to Castiel’s request. His foot needs a recharge after all the walking, anyway. His leg is sore. His hands are starting to tremble again as his whole body begins to fatigue. Castiel’s noticed it. Of course he has. He physically turns Dean gently towards the house. “D-d-don’t get d-d-dead,” Dean says.
Thankfully or not, he doesn't have long to dither. Nick breezes in five minutes after the hour looking windblown and carrying another armload of books.
But Dean. Dean needs him. He's stressed about the date. Admits that he doesn't know much about Castiel. Says he asked him out by accident. Sam can help. He's in a position to help. He really should help.
“But I want to.” To show his honesty, Dean relaxes completely against the mattress. His shoulders strain a little against the spread angle, but it’s a good, grounding soreness. “Besides, you were pretty fucking enthusiastic a minute ago.”
Dr. Barnes looks at both of them in turn, and with a wan smile, asks, “good news or bad news first?” Castiel opens his mouth to answer, but Dr. Barnes’s rushes to add, “and I promise no sugarcoating.” She winks at Castiel.
what I’m getting myself into, but I’m ready for it. I love Dean more than anyone I’ve ever been with. I love you more than any friend, or perhaps... brother that I’ve ever had. The ‘worse’ would be leaving the life you’ve helped me have. Giving it up.”
Sam's pretty sure that Gabriel would be offended if he pointed out, or worse, complemented the chivalry. He'd say it's just who he is. He'd say it's what Sam deserves. He'd be wrong about both, and then they'd argue about it until Gabriel's more advanced degree in bullshitting won the day. Sam doesn't mind that, either, but he doesn't want to fight at one in the morning. He wants to keep feeling the way he is right at this very moment.
Rolling his eyes, Gabriel digs his key ring out of his pocket and uses the spare key to open the door. He pushes it open and Castiel stumbles back, affronted, but also red of nose, wild of hair, and blanket burrito-d of body. "I swear to God, Cas," he admonishes. "Go get horizontal somewhere. Bed or couch?"
Castiel takes the reins, and Baby is so pleased by this turn of events that she very nearly knocks Castiel over in her rush to get into position for him to mount up. “I believe she takes after her father.”
“Well...” she hesitates, searching for the right words. “They’re not so bad by themselves. Mostly just the usual adoration and all that. It’s not the content. It’s the quantity. And the sign off.”
There's more silence. Considering. "I don't know anything about OCD, so I'm not sure what to ask, but I suppose it's fine to ask whatever comes to mind?"
have a scent that the baby responds favorably to, or else there's a risk the baby won't flourish properly.
They’re quiet for so long in each other’s arms that Castiel’s eyes drift shut, and he thinks Dean has fallen asleep, until he murmurs, “thanks, Cas.”
Oh. Oh! Oh, shit. Dean rocks back in his seat, realization dawning and slightly terrible. “Are you..? I mean, do you..?” He coughs. Wow, he is woefully unprepared for this. “Sam? Really?”
Heat pools in Dean’s belly at the promise. Suddenly all that time he took cleaning himself and prepping is worth it.
"He's probably had weirder," Donna suggests. "And that's sometimes all it takes. Safe people don't have to be profound. At least, they don't have to start that way."
concerned. He can always drop it for a different elective if he wants to. It's not a part of his major, so it's not a big deal. The course had just sounded interesting. He's always been fascinated by religion.
After dinner, Castiel gives a much more polite goodbye to Ruby and begs off to get more work done. As much as he’s around people all the time, one wouldn’t think he was an introvert, but Castiel finds a bone deep relief in being able to shut the world out behind his bedroom door. He takes care of the necessary business, and then turns to less urgent matters, like his unreasonably popular Twitter account while the festivities taper off downstairs without him.
Gabriel nods sagely, standing directly in front of Castiel again, unbuttoning his dress shirt like a discerning parent. "Why are you so worried about it?" He asks as Castiel stands still and pliable, letting his best-friend-might-as-well-be-brother get him set right. "What's this guy got that the other people you ended up in love piles with don't have?"
“Yes,” Castiel says. “We were given the green light as far as that was concerned. If this is what Dean really wants, I’m in support.”
Even Bobby’s laugh sounds too wet. “Yeah, I know, ya damn idjit. So, where’s your head at? Plenty we need to talk about once it’s screwed on right again.”
Castiel plugs Sam's order into the register. "We went to school together, and for some reason, Gabriel never left either our college, or our acquaintance."
He taps his pen on the paper thoughtfully. Now's the big test of his resolve, isn't it? He has to decide whether or not a potential relationship with Castiel is worth digging into his mental health more than he's had to for a while. And the struggle is real. Dean doesn't want to short change Castiel. It feels totally wrong to judge someone on the basis of Dean's own mental health. Castiel is a living, breathing human being.
One of the hands moves from his cheekbone and down to the center of his chest, pressing and pressing.
a passport. He turned in his Federal passport when he retired, and never bothered to apply for a personal one. Castiel takes Bobby’s flimsy excuse for what it is, but Dean can see through it. It’s almost Christmas, and Bobby wants to be with his family, whether he wants to tell them that or not.
“Good.” Castiel stands and holds his hand out, hauling Dean up with him. He staggers a bit, but then rights himself properly, waving off Castiel’s further assistance.
In his own haze of fulfilled lust and intense pleasure, it takes him a moment to realize that Dean has floated away, lost in his sub space. Castiel chuckles breathlessly, proud of himself. “Come back to me, Dean,” he murmurs encouragingly, right into his sub’s ear. “Come back. I know you can do it, my love. The scene is finished.”
“Yes,” she nods. “He’s going to need more. You said no sugarcoating, so here it is: best case scenario, we’re looking at possible loss of motor function and neurological damage from the brain injury and oxygen deprivation. And probably amputation of his left foot from the crushing injury if we can’t stimulate the blood flow back to the limb. His heart has suffered some damage, though I don’t think it’s permanent. I need to take a closer look at the scans of the gunshot wound, but it appeared to be mostly superficial, so I’m thinking he at least dodged a bullet there, pardoning the pun. We won’t know the extent of it until we can wake him up and run cognitive and motor function tests. But he’s got a long way to go to get out of the woods just yet. He’s alive, he’s definitely fighting, and that’s reason to be positive.”
“Yes, Your Honor,” Brady says. Dean stands as the judge does, and then waits for Brady to gather his belongings.
The subtle fire in his words calms Castiel. He believes Dean. “Then I’ll trust your judgement here. I don’t want Sam to tell us to stop. I would understand his reasons, and furthermore, I’d agree with them. But, Dean, I...” He can’t stop the helpless feeling. As much as he wants to, Dean is the strong one here and now.
“He’ll pay for what he’s done,” Gabriel promises darkly. “Don’t worry your artfully tousled hair about that.”
Castiel says, “I have visual confirmation of the intruder. He appears to be alone. You’re in a blind spot, Dean. Are you behind the pool shed?”
“When you come b-b-back from running, all sweaty, I wanna shove those shorts d-d-down your ass and bend you over the kitchen counter.”
“Okey doke! I’m emailing you the itinerary. Don’t miss your lunch dates!” He makes a wet smacking kiss noise that crackles over the line, causing Castiel to jerk the phone away from his ear in disgust.
Sam balks but Nick chuckles. "That's why you're the best one, my friend." He claps Gabriel on the shoulder. "We should let you get to it, then. Sam, a word, please?"
“I thought so.” He eyes Castiel with a strange look for a beat. “You happy with where you’ve ended up?” Sam asks with real concern, giving Castiel his full attention while the opening credits of the latest Marvel movie begin to roll on the large screen.
He's not entirely sure what will happen when he fucks Castiel, thrall or not, but every time they meet, every time they touch, the want grows slowly larger to a
Moodily, Castiel rips at the packaging of the digital thermometer. "Let's see." He finally gets it open, tosses the packaging over his shoulder, and shoves it in his mouth. It beeps a minute later and he pulls it out. With the tiniest of smiles he says, "103. Brain's not boiling yet. I think I can stay here for now."
Something about that releases the tension in Dean, until he suddenly looks for all the world like he’s not about to face the man who nearly succeeded in killing him.
Dean looks back up. "You saw it, man. It's the truth." He gestures widely to encompass all of Castiel. "You feel fine now, don't you? Even though you drowned. Better than you have in say, six months?"
gonna be a lawyer. But you're right, and I'm gracious, so fine. Go wild. Get the most expensive thing on the menu; that's how much I love you."
Castiel balls up his shirt and tosses it into the dry cleaning basket with his trousers. Seeing the other clothing items similarly crumbled, he realizes that it's Friday. It doesn't matter to him except for the fact that Dean is off on Saturday and Sunday. He feels slightly less bad for calling him over so late now. He sometimes forgets that there are people who are lucky enough to have normal schedules with time to enjoy their money. Their homes. Their hobbies.
He shrugs, loosening his tie. “Not really, no. Dean, people creating romantic subplots out of people’s lives is a tale as old as time. There’s nothing to be concerned about.” He drapes his tie and jacket over the back of his office chair. Then he turns fully to give Dean an assessing look. But it’s not as clinical as usual. His voice is uncharacteristically soft and unsure when he asks, “would you hate it if people found out about us?”
Dean glances to his brother, finds nothing but open sincerity, then back to Castiel, his gaze flicking over his face. Same stuff there. Then he shrugs. “Cool. Charlie, can you really set something small up in three weeks?”
And if the DJ's announcement wasn't enough to show he wasn't just another student, he's now standing at the podium looking even more attractive when he's in command of a classroom the same as a dance club, though with a far more professional expression on his face.
The sun rises bright and early in Montana. Or at least it seems so to Dean with how it’s blinding his eyes before his alarm goes off. Life is cruel that way. He keeps his eyes closed but he can hear Sam puttering around in the small kitchen area making coffee and cooking something on the electric stove.
“No,” Bobby says. “It’s his name. We forwarded his profile to your email. Photo included. He’s a real piece of work, so keep a good eye out, okay?”
Dean's about to drop to his knees begging since Castiel wouldn't miss a single day at his cafe unless he was dead. Or worse. He doesn't even get the chance to open his mouth before none other than Gabriel waltzes out of the kitchen. Literally. The man waltzes with two large bags of unground coffee beans as his partner.
The speech sessions with Cain have been paying dividends lately. When calm and able to collect his thoughts, Dean’s stutter becomes much less pronounced. Cain warns that it may never fully go away, especially during times of stress, but all things considered, Dean isn’t going to be picky. But he also can’t define why Castiel looking at him with shock and awe during the first part of their joint counseling session agitates him so much. So he didn’t stutter through one whole sentence. Big freaking deal.
They talk at him and he politely listens until the lights go down and the opening act takes the stage.
On stage, Sam is looking appropriately embarrassed, yet pleased. “It’s not treating me at all,” he answers, and the crowd goes
Dean shakes his head. His lips part, but nothing comes out except for a broken hiss, his throat jumping.
The fever reducers go down the hatch next. "I know. I apologize. I just." He bends forward again, scrubbing wearily at his face. "I feel awful. I feel sicker than I ever have in my entire life."
"What would you say if I was actually late?" Dean asks, not standing on ceremony while he yanks his jumpsuit up over his clothes.
Dean laughs, the tension in his chest easing somewhat. "You don't have to be a hippie to enjoy the open sky."
There’s a reason steer wrestling is the most dangerous event in the rodeo. One small misstep usually causes a quick and dirty snowball effect. In fact, Dean isn’t even aware that something’s going wrong until Benny gestures wildly at him then abruptly changes Andrea’s trajectory. Which doesn’t make sense unless...
"In here," he heard from deeper inside the house, and Dean cut through the kitchen to get to Bobby's office. On the bottom of the fridge door was an Enochian sigil drawn messily in blood, and he ignored how shaky and desperate the strokes looked as he ducked past.
Six weeks out, a ten hour drive back from Montana put them just shy of Sioux Falls. It was snowing hard and fast, and driving against it made Dean's head spin so bad they had to pull over. He wanted to get back to Bobby's so they wouldn't have to pay for another night in a motel—or sleep in the Impala—but driving in this kind of weather was asking for a crash.
"It's—that's not the problem," he says, and it comes out confident, and he knows it's true enough to mean it. "Cas isn't, he's not—" Dean sighs, cutting himself off. Not opening up that can of worms right now. "Whatever. It's not that. I like… I like having sex. With Cas." What an insane statement. He's going to put his head through the wall.
"What are you making, anyway?" He tilts his head to read Cas' notes, and raises his brows when he folds them away. "Seriously? Is it a secret or something?"
Ignoring him, Castiel sat back on the bathroom floor. His trenchcoat was gone, hung haphazardly over a chair in the library, and now he picked carefully at the dirty spots on his jacket, frowning at the stray specks of blood on his left sleeve.
"I can—" He clears his throat, and suppresses a flinch when Cas looks up at him. Dean holds out his hand. "Lemme see."
"I'm just—" He cannot start the waterworks on this fucking balcony. Dean swallows down the twinge in his throat, tries to clench his jaw until the pressure in his temples recedes. "I'm just scared."
Cas is also staring at him. He does that a lot, which Dean used to pretend very hard not to like. He's getting better at letting himself enjoy it now. He knows at least that Cas enjoys doing it, which helps. Dean's hands are the current subject of study, neatly folding the mouth of a sock over the other, forming an oblong ball that Dean tosses into the basket before fishing out another pair. He watches his own hands while he does it, making sure to keep them steady, rolling the line of his thumb while he works. The mouth of the sock stretches under the hook of his index finger, lingering longer than needed before it's folded over its mate. He knows Cas likes it. He doesn't even have to look up to know.
Dean cast his eyes around the yard, at the busted and broken vehicles lined up haphazardly across the gravel and concrete. The air smelled metallic and dusty, making the back of his throat itch. It was a home, of sorts, but he could think of a lot nicer places.
"You have trouble sleeping, and this is a healthier alternative to alcohol." Cas smiles at him before moving along, the lavender now in his other hand. It's too narrow for them to walk side by side comfortably, so Dean trails behind, connected at the hand, and tries to stop his brain from shutting down completely.
to be anything but comfortable, after all, but he's glad that he's not telegraphing all the weird flustering going on in his head.
"You didn't pay for it," Jody chimes in a few steps ahead of them, pulling out her keys as they approach the door. Dean's heart begins to pound.
They spend nearly an hour at the garden centre, and Dean's head is in the clouds the entire time. He has to behave like a normal human being because they're in public, but Cas is looking at him and talking to him and smiling and cracking jokes and holding his hand. Their shoulders brush together idly when they stop to look at something, and every time Dean has to suppress a full body shiver. At this rate he's gonna start purring like a cat whenever Cas so much as breathes in his direction.
Hannah was silent beside him in the private office. It was much more difficult to monitor the communications between angels on Earth—what Dean so aptly called angel radio—and filtering such vast amounts of information through the receiver of a human vessel took a good deal of focus and discipline. What required even more skill was sorting through what was useful, what was truthful, and what was actively harmful. Most angels had quickly discovered that the open communication lines between all of Heaven's servants was a massive liability when conducting warfare against one another, and many had flooded the channels with false reports, useless flotsam, and bursts of hostile static. Amidst the slush there were sometimes useful bits of information, but they weren't easy to find. It was a tactic pioneered by Raphael during Heaven's last civil war, and while Castiel was not particularly fond of the strategy, he admired how effective it was. Angels had long ago found ways to keep things to themselves, but lying was not an intuitive skill among his siblings. He himself was still horrible at it, despite his familiarity with the practice among humans.
"I had to learn a great deal about table etiquette for a previous engagement on Earth several hundred years ago," Cas explains easily, unbothered by the fact that Dean just said something incredibly stupid. "Though it was in Portugal, not England. I suppose some of it must have stuck."
"No, you are way cooler than that." Dean exhaled again, still not looking entirely awake. "And we're good. I get it, I mean. I've called you down here for some stupid shit in the past anyway, so if you need a little soul bong hit now and then, you know my number."
He swallows down another mouthful of whisky and reads four more paragraphs about how worried this woman is that her boyfriend watches gay porn sometimes and doesn't fuck her often enough before growing bored with it and backing out. "Maybe you're just a sucky girlfriend," he murmurs, head still propped up by his hand. Dean could probably do a better job than her, and he's the one googling this shit. He should ask this woman's boyfriend out instead.
"Water would be great. I spilled the—the bottle." He pointed at the plastic bottle on the ground, the tile wet around it. "Stupid cap."
"Take care of yourself," he tells him, words clipped and severe, and Dean knows it's the same tone of voice Cas would use to give orders to his garrison. It's nothing like the soft whisper he'd been speaking in this past week. "And call your mother."
"If you buy it from a CVS, it's old man beer," Claire informs him, and then leaves without so much as a second glance, her flawless logic lingering in the air. A moment later, the sound of a bed frame being moved across a floor fills the silence.
"But—" Sam's eyes continued to search the road, and he took the upcoming turn wide and slow. "Being gay or a woman isn't—that's not the same thing as being a vampire. Vampires are dangerous and violent. They hurt people."
"Be careful, Dean," he said quietly. Dean looked down at his hand, and astonishingly, brought it up to his mouth to kiss his knuckles. For a moment, Castiel measured the consequences of leaving his post a second time. They wouldn't be world-ending, surely. That had already come to pass.
"What the hell am I supposed to do?" Dean says plaintively, spreading his hands. "I like him! I fucking
Gabriel moans a little when Sam zeroes in on the sensitive spot under his ear. “You’re gonna make me a Hollywood spouse.”
There’s a crash somewhere outside that startles Castiel back into reality again, shoulders jumping. He slaps the water off and dries his hands quickly, unthinkingly. His hands hurt. That doesn’t matter, either.
Castiel sighs, watching Dean pace. “There were professionals watching him the entire time. There was nothing that anyone could have done to prevent the accident. That’s why it’s an accident.”
“Sorry,” he says, shaking himself out of the thought spiral. He jumps in feet first. “Are we being too obvious?”
Sam opens it and Gabriel is only five steps away. "Sorry," he says sheepishly, holding up the bag. "My brain to mouth filter needs some real work. Will you forgive me since I brought soup?"
Dean tosses the rest of his now-cold coffee into the grass. "Like hell," he mutters, traipsing inside.
. Beautiful, desperate Dean, won’t let him go for anything. Not like he wants to. He’s fairly certain he’d die if he did. There’s a wildness to it that neither of them can control. They’d never gone more than a few days without having sex until the accident, so it’s an ocean of want between them. And they’ve both always wanted in terrible excess.
Smiling, he closes his eyes, phone pressed against his chest. He’s a lucky man to have married someone who can always see a silver lining.
“I know you don’t,” Castiel says, “but you need to. This isn’t forever, Dean. That’s the first thing. You need to understand that.”
Oh, is he ever. He's been ready and waiting for so long. For an hour. For a lifetime. He can't think about it or it makes too little sense and he already feels like he's going crazy.
Dean breathes a definite sigh of relief once they’re back on familiar ground. With a familiar security system. With his familiar badge being worth something again. They’ll all sleep easier tonight. Especially with Dean having lined up meetings with both his old boss tomorrow, and Bobby later in the week.
"Gabriel just has a cold," Sam assures him. "Nothing too catastrophic. But, me being around so many people every day, especially in the winter... Someone's gonna sneeze on me the wrong way someday."
It's like he's completely forgotten how to go on dates. Or go anywhere. He shakes his head. No, he hasn't forgotten, he just doesn't want to remember. That would mean he'd have to address all the life he's lost in the past several years. Even with all the therapy, even with all the support, even with how far he's come, he still doesn't want to remember what it was like to be fully functional. It's painful. And he'd accidentally put himself right into the position of having to address it.
Dean’s body has always been so responsive. Not just to touch, though that’s phenomenal. But his reactions. The way he breathes. The way he moves. The way his face changes with his emotions. The way he gives in. It’s beautiful.
But of course he does. By the time he’s in the shower soaping up his hair, the dull ache around his heart is back. Why does he have such a hard time accepting Dean’s good mood? Is it really that fragile? Is
Dean snorts. "Sure, let's call it that." He finds that he really enjoys Castiel taking his snark and firing it right back. Since Dean's brain to mouth filter doesn't always work so well, it's great that Castiel can handle it without offense.
