Professor Flitwick walked forward and placed a hand on my shoulder. “I came to find you earlier, but you did not come to breakfast. I have sad news and I hate to tell you, but your parents aren’t coming. Your uncles are coming to take you to America for the week since there are no classes this week.”
“Shut up…” Tony stood in shock trying to comprehend everything. “What do we do?” He finally asked after five minutes of silence.
“Alright,” Peter told her and kissed the top of her head. He got in the car with Jen watching Violet get in the other.
Violet looked at him and placed her hand on his arm. “D-do we have time to think this over?”
“Do they have your last name?”
“I’m glad you weren’t my Spidey boy.” Tony smiles and ruffled his hair. “Come sit with me.”
The whole room was decorated in fake flowers. Each flower had a different character from movies and tv shows they watched together. The tables were decorated as different Disney princesses. Everything was glittery. Just looking anyone could tell it was there wedding. Piano and violin players were playing theme songs to their favorite movies and shows as well.
“Then don’t do it,” Pops whispered and ran his fingers through my hair.
“Are you sad about your Papa’s friends Peggy’s death?” The one reporter asked.
Luna rolled her eyes and walked over fixing his costume. “Your belt is inside out. Your shirt needs to be a V-neck,” She took one of her Spirit keys and ripped the shirt down to his pecs. “There.”
“I get married to Violet like you and Daddy?” Peter asked and kept eating his plate full of pancakes.
Peter smiled. “Okay! Thank you, ma’am! Pepper we gotta hide! She got her friends helping!” he giggled and ran out of the room gripping her coat.
Luna’s knees gave out as she kneeled putting her head on his chest crying. “HIja’ bangwI’ SoH. Yes, you're the love of my life.”
The reception hall was filled with people. Reporters were there too wanting the latest scoop from the couple. Everyone was dancing to the upbeat music. No one was paying attention to the differences from the couples in the room.
Before either of them could say anything I ran out of the room to my room not stopping. He’s dying and they didn’t tell me. I ran into the couch which moved more than six feet from its normal spot. I fell back stumbling on my feet.
“First you crack the eggs,” Draco told her and threw four eggs at Luna making them all break on the top of her head making the raw egg go down her hair.
“Alright. I’ll let you get dressed and changed. Meet you in about five hours?”
Wanda walked the bag over and looked at him. “How about I clean that up? You should be down there with your children.”
“The Bre-” Bucky started, but Clint shot him with a light zap from his belt.
“Come on! We need to dance, Luna.” Peter told her while taking her hand into his. When she turned around Peter tapped his watch while walking off with her.
She was up faster than anyone else in the room could move. In the process of getting up, she ripped the IV out of her leg and stumbled onto the floor grabbing on to the sheets of the bed keeping her head up. violet sat up on her knees and lunged herself at Steve.
Clark asked a million questions and more pictures were being taken.
“Sir you already have a party for your co-workers aligned up. You can not bail on it now. Decides, sir I want to celebrate with you.” Jarvis smiles and patted his back.
“I will,” Luna whispered and sat in the chair next to Happy. “They look amazing don’t they, Happy?”
A projector displayed the building's plans. “Well if I change floor 50 through 70 we can make mini homes and training places for everyone. We can all live under one roof.”
“How old are you, Peter?”
Tony scoffed. “Leave the kid alone she is doing her best, but come on Missy! We really could use that closing.”
“I sorry, Papa. I very sorry!” Peter cried and held his arms out wanting to be held by Steve.
“Луна,” Natasha whispered and pulled me into a hug keeping me close. “I have missed you so badly!”
Luna took Peter’s hand and walked out to Happy’s car. “Thank you for hanging out with us for the past few days. It was nice to have a friend for once. And, I hope you learn to love the Gilmore Girls like I have... coffee is life and a part of the humans body needs.”
“Tony, Steve.” Pepper placed a hand on both of their shoulders. “Is everyone alright?”
“Luna, can we talk? I know your studying, but you leave in the morning,” Tony asked the girl sitting at the desk while drawing in her sketchbook.
“Steve, remember the last mission you were on?” Bucky asked him and sat on the bed with Steve pulling him close to him. Steve automatically laid his head on top of his shoulder curling into him taking up the protection.
Luna looked up from her lap and gripped her robe. “No. Tony and Steve are my parents. I don’t have a mom! I have two loving dads who will do anything to keep me safe and loved. I love them so much. I love them more than life. I would rather be with them right now, but here I am getting bullied for no good reason other than I’m blind.”
“MERLIN’S BEARD!” I screamed and held my hip.
Peter went over and sat next to the girl and smiled. “I am Peter! Who you?”
“I’ll go. You get looked at or your sleeping on the couch again.” Steve told Tony in his best caption voice.
“Love? What is love? Major… I don’t understand! I don’t know… what love means!” She screamed looking at him sobbing. “Major!” She gasped and held her throat as she fell to her side.
The judge just shook her head and continued with speaking. “With the both of you fighting to save the world you left your twins home alone. Your daughter has lost both of her arms. Your son had a missing finger, which I’m not going to even ask. You both are very dangerous with power. Whether power is wealth or true power of strength. Your lawyers are each going to speak on your behalf. Then we are going to question the twins. Am I clear?”
“Fine. Fine.” Tony told him and started cleaning up the living and dining rooms.
Peter chuckled and let go of his Papa rubbing the back of his neck. “Well, I am a growing boy.”
Peter cried into May’s shoulder shaking in her hug. “Okay… here is the plan guys.”
“Not until you say I’m cute blind-y.”
Rhodey grabbed Tony’s arm helping him to his feet. “Let’s get you inside.”
“Peggy.” Steve gasped and cried harder into his shoulder. “She died two days ago and they didn’t tell me. That was her lawyer saying that she gave me trust funds for the twins. I never said goodbye! Goodbye…”
“I know you're in here somewhere Peter,” Tony yelled and walked around the apartment. Steve pointed to the cabinet and sat down on the couch. Tony walked over to the cabinet and opened it up. “Found ya!”
“Luna, come here sweetheart. We didn’t even get to say hello.” Papa told me from the doorway trying his best to smile.
He landed in the sand in the middle of nowhere. “Ugh… damn, that could have gone better.”
- - - - - -
Peter slammed his fist down on the piano which just made an angry noise. “They said you could be dead, but I can’t believe that! I need you here! You need to come home! UNDERSTAND ME!”
Pushing her hair back she looked up at Fury. “I-I just pictured a bomb. Pops has one in the attic that he pulls out when it’s The Fourth of July. It was just the first thing I thought up of.”
Tony thought about it and nodded, “She does that a lot.”
“We can ask, Bruce,” Tony told her and walked over and kneeled in front of her. “You don’t have to be afraid of your powers. We can try some new training.”
“I told you that we could move out! But you didn’t want us to for the twins!” Steve yelled back and pushed Tony into the wall.
The next thing was…
Luna sat in the hall shaking.
Luna gladly followed her keeping Newt close to her. They walked until the lady knocked on the door. When Luna walked in it smelled like musk to her like it was hiding a smoke smell. “Nick Fury. Where is the fucking hell is my Pops?”
“Everyone is down. Where are we at with the source?’ Steve asked and looked around making sure there was no one left or anyone hurt.
“I told you he didn’t do that!” Peter yelled and went into his room to change.
“Take it easy. Peter take her down to the medics. Make sure she eats. We are in big trouble with S.H.I.E.L.D. If we aren’t home by eight tomorrow go to the compound.” Tony kissed both of there heads and laid Violet in Peter’s arms. “Be safe.” He flew off the others.
“You hit me right in the arc,” Tony told him and crossed his arms.
“Then we wait.”
“I sorry!” Three-year-old Peter cried and sniffled into his dad's shirt.
“Crazy?! This is absolutely stupid!” Tony yelled each word he got louder. “And we have done our fair share of stupid! How are you taking orders from a six-year-old?!”
After packing up the presents in the car and getting the twins safely in the car they gave their goodbyes to Bruce and Nat. The husbands got in the Toyota Camry and drove the twenty miles to there new home.
(Luna’s Point View)
It was a good thing she didn’t move from the stair. If she could see them she would have known that there was a booby trap in front of her with blades when you stepped on the second step. She was going the wrong way.
“You have our word.” Dr. Strange told him and looked around. “Well, I guess I will see you when they decide to redo the fundraiser.”
Violet began to tear up and tried to hold her hair, but the arms were glitching. “It was me or the world. I chose the world each and every time. They don’t deserve to die, dad. I may not be able to feel, but I know they do.”
Everything was how it was when he left so many years ago including the furniture. Everything was old fashion and floral from his mothers taste. The living room had the biggest TV he has ever seen since he woke up from the ice. “Damn, I remember when we bought this. It took my father, Bucky and me to carry the TV in. It was right before we left I bought it for them before I left for the war.”
Running on the top of rooftops they got joined by Thor. “Humans go away! I can handle my brother!”
“What? We just came back. I can’t do this! I need him home!”
“Give us an hour with the girl, then we will talk about who gets her,” Steve told him and looked over at the girl who hasn’t moved since they sat down.
Steve and Tony got Luna an IQ test once the school she was going to said that she was bored in class. A week later they found out that she had the IQ score of 175 which was off the charts for genius. The husbands decided that they wouldn’t tell her until she was ten so she could decide what she wanted to do with her life. He was happy he going to spend a bit more time with his family than just dying.
“The last of the boxes are at the house!” Tony yelled.
It took her twenty minutes to get one arm then another five to get the other arm on. She got dressed in the black dress but left her hair the mess it was. She wasn’t even going to try getting her new fingers stuck in her hair.
Luna spoke as she put the ring on Peter. “I’m a good pretender. I can pretend to laugh and smile. Pretend to be happy, but with you, I don’t have too. I don’t fake a smile or force a laugh. I can play around and be who I am. Tony always told me to fall in love with a person who enjoys my madness. Not an idiot who forces me to be normal. Who the hell wants normal. I’m glad you don’t. I vow never to be normal, but to always love you in our own Mad Hatter way.”
“Look a suit! I spiderman!” Peter yelled and put on his sweatshirt and cape running around the room.
“That’s my name don’t wear it out!” She sat up and ran over to Steve wrapping her arms around his waist. “Let’s go home! I want to see Dad. He's supposed to be back by now!”
Over one hundred guests were sitting waiting for the wedding to begin. Everyone expected the wedding march to begin when the priest went up on to the stage. Not the Star Wars theme song. Peter walked up with Ned and MJ right behind him. Behind them was Nat with Bruce walking together, and Steven and Thor together, Wanda and Vision together since they were the ‘bridesmaids’. May walked alone behind them since she was Luna’s maid of honor. Bucky, Bruce, Happy all stopped on the line with spaced apart from one another. Newt walked down with the rings tied to his collar.
Ginny walked forward and sat on the stool.
“Peter, be careful please,” Steve told him and helped him into the cabinet.
Tony slept the whole flight with an IV in his arm giving him fluids. He only woke up when the plane landed with a big thump. Tony sat up and looked around. “Where are we, Sam?”
At the moment Steve and Tony have been watching both of the kids since Bruce was needed in Africa for some convention. Since Nat didn’t want him to travel alone not knowing what was truly going on she went with him. Leaving Violet in the care of her two fathers and not even knowing that it was them. Steve and Tony wanted to tell her, but they knew they should stick to the rules they set up.
“No, you don’t. You love the idea of me, but not me… you forget me all the time. I heard dad tell you to come up here and tell you to sit with me today. Peter needs you anyway.” Violet told him and curled into her bed facing the wall.
“It comes from my side of the family,” Steve mumbled and sat back on the couch crossing his arms.
“Sorry to interrupt, sir. But the Avengers alarm is going off.” Jarvis told them over the speakers.
“You are in the compound. Professor X’s school is here now along with a hospital for the mutants. We brought you here so she wouldn’t find you and freak out. Luna… she’s getting married in a week. I wanted you to be ready to see her again. I’m ready to help you nonstop.”
“Jarvis? What time is it?” Steve asked while sitting up rubbing his face. He felt like he was sleepy but more awake than ever. When no one answered Steve knew something was up. Then his memories flooded into his mind.
“Peter, how did you know that you could calm her?” Tony asked him pushing his curls back.
“What’s up kiddo?” Happy asked him and hit the silent button on his phone denying a phone call.
“Alright. Thank you, Bruce. I’m sorry I couldn’t shower before you came up here. I haven’t been strong enough to stand long enough.”
“Why don’t you go play with Pepper as well? She can help you find a better hiding spot after you find your sister.” Tony looked up at Pepper. “Please, take him out of here.”
The elevator brought me up to the main floor of the tower. When I walked out I could hear him on the phone.
The twins walked out waving to the crowd walking over to the center of the stage where Steve and Tony stood.
Violet and Peter looked up at Steve and got out of there seats. Running to the front where the waiters were. They took immediate action on getting everyone safe.
Luna watched them and held her arms close to her chest. Not knowing what to say she stared at them from behind.
“Your welcome, Cap.” Tony smiled and looked back at the twins. “Man, can I print suits or what?”
“So, you two don’t know each other without the masks on.” Lois kept prying.
WARNING: VERY NOT NICE WORDS ARE SAID BY HYDRA
With that, they walked into the building. “Hello I’m Tony Stark-Rogers and this is my husband Steve. We are here to see Luna.”
The landed the plane into the water. Was he dead? How am I alive? Luna did she know where he was? Where is she?! “Hello?”
Luna put her finger on her lip thinking. “Hmmm… what about… Star Wars? Luke, Han Solo and I can be Leia?”
“I’m alright, sir. Never been better.” Luna told him and sat in the chair he pulled out for her.
“I’ll call the school and ask them when she is supposed to play,” Friday told them and went silent for twenty minutes. “Sir, Violet Evergarden is going to be playing from 11:45 to 12:30 and is in a few this morning as a company. She has two seats in the back that she told the school to give away but didn’t. They are faxing the tickets over. She is receiving an award today and would like you both to give it to her.”
“Don’t blame yourself. She did this. Not you. She ran in front of you. Not her.” Steve told him and rubbed his head. “Get some sleep kiddo. I’ll wake you up when Tony gets here.”
Peter smiled and stuck his tongue out blowing a raspberry. Steve made sure Tony would regret the day that he taught Peter how to make that noise. Steve slept on the couch for two weeks and made sure when Tony was watching he would bend over flirty or would come home shirtless and sweaty from the gym. Not giving Tony any loving made the makeup bittersweet.
Violet looked over at him trying her best not to cry in front of him. “I’m sorry. Don’t hate me. Please…”
“Violet, you can’t do this,” Peter yelled at me and stood up. “We are fifty-seven years old! We are both married and soon to be married! And we both have kids! Why do you want to give that up?!”
They stood outside of the orphanage gripping one another’s hand. They were so nervous about going in that they didn’t move an inch. “What’s her name, Tony?” Steve asked holding his hand.
“Yes, I know you told me that a million times now,” Tony told him and nipped his ear.
“Dinner!” Sam yelled holding ten pizzas and four buckets of wings.
“I am here to serve you, sir.” The voice from the ceiling spoke.
Luna walked into his arms and shook. “I thought you weren’t going to come back home to me. I was so scared. The guy asking the questions had a gun to my back… then he shot. I rather it would have been me than a civilian, but I was defenseless. I wanna learn self-defense from Aunt Nat.”
I nodded and sat up, but it was too late. I was in the past.
Tony woke up in a room laying on a cot. All he could feel was the little tube going down his nose and all the pain on his chest. The pain was the worst thing he has ever felt in his life his parent's death had this beat. Slowly Tony pulled the tube out of his nose while gagging. “Ew,” he whispered and slowly sat up.
Violet kept Peter back away from the medical staff that went on the train to help Tony. When Bruce came on the scene everyone stopped trying and handed the case over.
“Do you trust your parents to protect you even when they aren’t in the same room?”
Happy kept her hidden under him while the went up to the stairs. Basically carrying her besides the fact that her feet were hitting the ground. He didn’t have the full strength to hold her anymore even though she’s the size of a toothpick. Happy sat the girl under the computer control desk. “Sit here. I will be right back. I’m gonna check and make sure no one else is in here with us.”
“Dad? Papa? You said you were done with one another. Are we going to be family now?” Peter asked them gripping two water bottles in his hand.
“Love you,” Peter told him and sucked his thumb quietly as they went into the elevator.
“Dr. Banner, Dr. Strange, look at her for me, please. She’s bleeding.” Peter asked him slowly standing up and taking her by the hand dragging her to go see the two doctors.
“Don’t go. Stay.” Tony begged and looked in her eyes and touched her cheek. “Please, for us.”
Once everyone was seated at the round table Fury sat and glared at them. “First thing we need to do is sign these two before I can speak freely. Are you both in agreement that you will be agents of S.H.I.E.L.D?”
They moved everything. They probably packed up my whole room by now. I walked back to my room and noticed that the room wasn’t how I left it. All of my posters were down from the walls and on my bed. Everything was packed into boxes. What’s going on?
Bruce started to laugh and leaned over and started to cry. “You are really Tony’s and Steve’s kid.”
“Sir, the tower is under attack,” Jarvis told him. “I can not identify anyone. I think my scanners might be acting up,”
“I’m doing the best I can,” Luna replied looking down at the floor.
“Tony, you’ll be able to lead them right?” Pepper asked him while looking at her clipboard. “I’m trusting you both. Especially since your coming out as married for five years.”
“Jarvis, please bring up the x-rays of each of the children and normal x-ray,” Bruce asked and took out his notebook from his jacket.
“Major…”
“Can I hit you?” Peter asked and shook his head. “I can’t date her. Tony would kill me in my sleep. Steve would just do it while I stood here in front of you. She is really different and that's what I love about her.”
As she walked down the stairs a tall man with jet black hair walked over and took her hand. “V-Violet… it’s me, Gilbert.”
“Alright then. Number one on the agenda is my twins. They are not freaks they are the next generation of Avengers. My son goes by the name of Peter, but his superhero name is Spider-Man. He is able to make spiderwebs and climb walls with only his fingers. It’s amazing to see what he can do. Jarvis, show us the clip prepared for the news.”
“I guess we can, but I don’t know if I like the idea.” Tony sighed and sat back.
Steve always walked with Luna hand in hand so then she didn’t have to use her cane. Luna decided that if she was going to be using a cane that it had to be stylish. So, she took colored paints, washi-tape and glitter and stickers to design her cane.
“Why wouldn’t you tell anyone?! I could have helped!” Steve scolded him.
She nodded and took a few deep breaths and picked up the cup from the water and sighed. “My juice.”
“When you will you take over Stark-Rogers Industries?” Lois asked while flipping to a clean piece of paper.
“On three jump. One… two… three…”
All three of them slept out in the hospital waiting room. Steve didn’t want them to see Tony attached to all of the machines. Though he knew they were gonna go see him as soon as he woke up.
Luna got up and leaned into Tony’s chest. Taking both of her father’s hands. “Anything you guys want. We can go talk to the press if you need to.”
“Let it be on the record that I separated the twins. It was said that the twins could be not separated since they were attached at the hip to one another. I wanted to show the twins how it was to be separated from one another. To learn how to be different people though they are very different. It’s clear to me that the Rogers-Stark twins will be in the joint custody of Steven Rogers and Anthony Stark. Steven will have them the first two weeks of the month and Anthony will have the twins for the last two weeks. They will spend every other holiday with one of the parents. The next year it will flip for who gets them and so on.
“You think I’m cute?” Luna blushed redder than a tomato. “Don’t say anything like that until it’s been a week. I need to grief then I can deal with feelings. Please, Peter.”
They went into the empty shop and saw rows and rows of black boxes behind the desk. “Hello?” Tony yelled into the shop.
Bruce: “As long as your happy.”
“Peter, baby doll, how did a spider do this to you?” Steve picked the baby up being careful of Violet’s head. When he roved the web from Peter’s finger it just grew back on his finger while the baby just giggled. “M-m D-d” Peter mumbled.
Violet sat in the middle of the bathtub staring at her feet. The water was only up to her ankles. “Dad, Papa. Glad you're okay. Come sit with us. We’re having a tea party.” She held the little plastic cup full of apple juice. “Uncle Bruce said I could have the juice is that okay?”
Steve walked over and kissed her head, “Goodnight baby doll.”
“His name is Newt. Newt is a seeing-eye dog. He can go to school with you in two weeks. He will lead you through the school and make sure you have your things.” Tony told her. “It was the other reason I was in California.” Though that was a lie, he went for a doctors appointment and found the seeing eye dog company on his way home.
Steve sat setting Luna on the mat. The pair watched as she sat on the floor. “Where my Purple?”
“Luna when I met you, you were laying on the bed with your parents. Your shirt said, ‘Your eyes can deceive you; don’t trust them.’ said by Obi-Wan Kenobi. I knew the second I saw that shirt on you I was going to marry you. We have watched every single anime show over again so we could compare notes. We both know that being different is a great thing. Mirajane says ‘We are all different from each other and that’s what makes us special.’ I love that quote and it’s in our living room. You have taught me so many things. Just like Violet Evergarden wrote to the Major… And if I can ever see you again, I want to let you know… that the phrase “I love you”... I know what it means. I love you…”
Luna opened her eyes and squinted trying to see farther out that she could, but couldn’t. She could feel the needle in her left arm. She had bandages over her head. She could smell blood. She could hear her father’s outside of the room yelling at one another.
Clint and Sam dragged the boy out of the ring and tied him to the chair in front of everyone. The man sat there looking at his lap and tapped his foot slightly.
“You were all stupid fools today. Could have gotten people killed! You ruined homes and blew up monsters with unidentified bombs. How did you even get that kind of bombs they haven’t been made since the 1940’s?” Fury looked at all of them.
Chapter 7
“Yes I do,” Luna whispered and laid her head on his shoulder. “Do you know how much I love you? And how happy I am you took me in? I love you so much, Dad. Thank you for the amazing life you have given me. I love you so much. I love you, daddy.”
Luna walked up to the front desk lady and looked at her dead in the eyes. “Excuse me, ma’am. I’m Luna Stark-Rogers. I am demanding to speak to Nick Fury. Unless you want a lawsuit on your hands I suggest you get him out here now.”
“I love you.”
He could be dead. He could be dead.
All I could do was give a nod. That meant something happened. His cancer. “D-did it have something to do with Tony’s health?” I asked gripping my arms trying to hide how upset I was.
Bruce walked over slowly and cautiously. “Hello.” He reached his hand to take her temperature.
After an hour child protective services showed up and walked the twins up the penthouse. With agents standing outside of the door making sure Tony and Steve didn’t harass them.
Tony nodded and curled into him setting his head on his nape. “How long do we have until they come here?”
After a restful night, everyone was getting ready for the big move and the party. The ‘living room’ was decked out with yellow and blue balloons and streamers even though it was only going to be Bruce, Nat, and Tony’s little family. The rest of the supers were coming later. A big banner that said: “Happy Birthday and Goodbye for Now”.
“How can I tell what cute is?” Luna asked him and cocked her head to one side. “Now if you can excuse us. The ones with more brain and eyes are trying to leave here. In case you didn’t notice, that’s us and not you.”
“Go, Peter and I will stay with her.” Bruce smiled and put a hand on Tony’s shoulder. “We will be fine. Go,”
“Yes. From out of the country. I don’t care about the gender or if they are disabled. Just a baby. I thought about while I was in the cave. Us with a baby. Holding it and rocking it. Caring for it until they grew up. I want that for us” Tony told him rambling on.
Bucky stood up to look where to go next but got shot in the arm eight times. “Bucky!” Tony yelled and held him.
Steve sat in the chair with head between his knees. “I’m gonna be sick…”
Tony sighed and nodded. “Alright. Let’s see who we can bribe to let me go home. I can fix myself up from here.”
Tony nodded and jogged into the bedroom to find Steve sitting there looking at the monitor that was set up on the nightstand. “Look at it. They are beautiful.” Steve whispered listening to the two heartbeats.
They pulled up to an old brick house that was older than any other house on the block. When they got out of the car Steve couldn’t tell if he was going to cry with happiness. “This was my parents home. They lived here and left it to me. I thought they just knocked it down.”
One thing you taste: “My blueberry pancakes this morning. Which tasted great. Everyone loved them with everything.”
This a story my dad used to tell me when I was young about when he had me by himself.
“Try and sleep. We are right next door if something starts to happen. Though it would be funny to see Fury see your dreams.” Tony chuckled and kissed his head. “Night.”
“Jarvis!” Tony screamed and crawled over Steve to break the divider. “JARVIS!” Tony screamed louder and crawled through the hole he made. “I didn’t give you permission to die!”
“That’s okay,” Tony told him and sighed.
Peter nodded even though no one could see him and swung down to help get people to safety.
Holding Violet Steve went up to the front of the store. “Excuse me, son? Where is there a men’s room with a changing table?”
Steve worked hard every day getting caught up on everything that has happened. He learned that Peter and she became attached at the hip once he disappeared. That she took over S.R.I. without even thinking about it. Everything she had done had made the earth a better place. The new motto of S.R.I. is: “To bring peace to everyone who breathes,”. Something she wanted to do more than anything in the world.
Luna skipped back to the bedroom frowning.
“The suit is diving down at 150 miles an hour,” Friday spoke.
Steve looked at his shoulder. “Your bleeding. Luna what the hell happened?! Luna, you said you wouldn’t do anything stupid!”
“You in pain?” Steve asked.
Tony looked up at Steve who was clearly upset with his own actions.
“Six weeks kiddo. Not months. Don’t kid yourself,” Clint rolled his eyes.
“I was helping… I’m sorry. Papa, I’m sorry. I’ll be okay,” Luna whispered under her breath.
Luna woke up in the middle of the night sick again. The past two days she hasn’t been able to keep anything down. She had to take off work not being able to attend meetings while throwing up. Nobody ever likes working with sick people. Peter had to go to the meeting though not being able to miss it with her.
Steve began speaking. “We don’t want you to treat us any different. We are still going to fight with everything we have. Don’t protect us for her sake. We have many things in place if something happens to us. Which is why we are talking about this now. Pepper and Happy are going to take her in if something happens to us, but if they die or are unable to take her in we are trusting Sam, Rhodey, Bruce, and Bucky to take care of her. If it happens that all of them are dead then Dr. Strange, Natasha, Vision, and Wanda will be her guardians. She is going to need all of you, in the end, depending on who is alive. Thor since you will always be alive you are going to be her Godfather. She knows about Tony being sick and acts like it doesn’t hurt her, but it is. She needs you and we are asking permission to make sure that this is alright with all of you.”
“Tell him we are on our way please, Jarvis,” Steve told Jarvis and walked into the elevator with Tony.
“T-Tony…” Luna yelled from the couch walking slowly around to the living room going as fast as she could to the table holding the Ferby. “Purple!”
“I don’t know. I am truly sorry.” He told me and sighed walking forward with the other professors.
“N-no clue…” she gasped and coughed while shaking. “I’m cold…”
Peter climbed on the bed and smiled laying next to his daddy and having his papa on the other side of him. He felt love and strength laying between them. “Maybe Santa wanted this to happen. Us all be happy together.” Looking at the door Peter saw Bucky dressed as Santa. “Bucky! You can’t be the Winter Soldier and Santa. That’s not fair!” He giggled.
She nodded and smiled. “I know, Papa. I love you both so much you don't even know. See you in three weeks. Three long and terrible weeks!”
The two of them were unpacking the kitchen dishes handing them to Steve if they were glass, plastic to Tony. Everything was coming together. Only a hundred more boxes of everybody's junk was left to unpack in the common room.
Jarvis spoke up in a calming voice. “Ms. Luna, you are at the compound. You are not alone. You are loved and around many people. Natasha and Steve are right in front of you while Mr. Peter is down the hall. Would you like to me notify him of your panic attack?”
“She was found sitting in front of my office last week. She isn’t harmful and she is quiet. Attached to her was a letter from a parent we don’t even know how got in here.” Nick told them and pointed to the chairs. “Sit with me. Peter can play with her though she may not even move from the seat. Unless she has to use the bathroom.”
“Love you too, Lu,” Steve told her and left in the elevator.
“Tony we did our best. She just stepped in. And we have to punish her! She left the hospital!” Steve yelled. “What if she brought Peter into it? What if she passed out on stage?”
“It doesn’t matter. You’re here now,” she whispered in a hoarse voice. “You’re here now…”
Tony looked over from the kitchen. “How’d you get her down here?”
“I-I...” Luna whispered and sat in the chair where she sat for Tony’s. “It’s the only thing I can give to them… I’ll be okay. I have something written.”
“You will either make a verbal agreement or you may have a written agreement. If you are going out of the country you must get approval from both lawyers of the party.” She told them and got up. “Rogers-Stark twins you may go see your parents,”
When she opened the door she smiled at him with big eyes. “Hi! You must be one of Charles’s newest…” Luna looked at the back and stepped back gasping for air. Gripping her shirt trying to grab her shirt. “P-Pops…? No… you're not real… stop don’t do this to me!”
The crowds all flooded in at noon to pay respect to Steve. They didn’t have a body, but they told everyone he was cremated in an urn that sat on the table. Everyone kept telling Luna and the Avengers were sorry for there lost.
“Steve, did you want to bring this with you?” Bucky asked and held up the Red Skull’s mask for him to see. “It can stay here if you want.”
“My father bought the property and kept it how it was. What would he think about us being married? I bet he’s laughing his ass off in hell.”
“No, I just like to sound like I’m in pain. What do you think?” Luna sarcastically told him and rolled her eyes.
“Tony, are you doing alright?” Clint asked and sat next to him on the couch. “You're looking a bit paler than usual.”
“To the end of the line,” Rhodey whispered.
“Yes!” Steve handed the phone over and pulled his family close. The twins in the front and Tony in the back with Steve.
“May fourth is our wedding date…” Luna whispered and kissed Peter deeply.
Luna nodded and looked at her bag. “Yes. I didn’t even know I was a wizard until three weeks ago. I wasn’t going to come until what happened at home. My parents said it was the best way to keep me safe.”
“I’m sorry we made you feel like that,” Tony told her and got up walking to her and kneeled. “C-can I hug you? Is that weird?”
“I will. I promise.” Tony told him and passed out into his arms from exhaustion and heat exposure.
“Pops! Don’t you do this! Don’t you fucking dare do this to me!”
“There is never one hundred percent protection, Violet. I mean look at me I have a wife and three kids that got found out last year.” Clint told her and then at looked at Peter. “You both should think about your futures.”
After what seemed like years Bruce came out of the bedroom they shared. “Well, Tony. It looks like your going to be a father. The serum in Steve’s body reacted to how much sperm was entering his body and you know… a baby. He is carrying twins Tony.”
Tony started reappearing. Years started reversing.
“Do I know you?” A familiar voice asked me and a metal arm went on my shoulder.
“It is the greatest movie on this planet! I have lived without Wifi and TV for months!”
“Does Stark know?”
“She will be…” Natasha told him closing the door behind her. “I didn’t believe them when they said you were alive. Man! Now I owe, Bucky, fifty bucks.”
“I want to make it right to the people who have lost something,” Tony told him and sat in the chair. “And… yes, I won’t get looked at until my children are out of surgery. That’s what all of us Avengers are doing until they are awake.”
“Bruce, babycakes, how is she looking?” Tony asked him and sat up in the chair. Ever since the fight, he was sick to his stomach with the pain of losing her and not finding her fast enough.
Tony took the wand from the man and put it into her hand. ‘She’s blind,’ Tony mouthed to the man and patted her head.
“Daddy!” Peter squealed and ran into the room laughing. “Did you see, daddy? I was on TV again with Thor!”
“A girl” Tony started.
“Don’t fight one another! It’s okay. I have to study for my exams anyway. Peter, I’ll walk you out before there is a world war four here.”
“Get over here punk jr.” Bucky ran over and picked Peter up throwing him up in the air then tickling him as he came down into his arms. Peter kept squealing. “Don’t worry I didn’t lose your other kid. She asked to stay home with Dummy and anyone else at the tower. So I took her there.”
“My daughter has...” Tony got interrupted by the cutest thing in the world.
“PLEASE!” They could hear Luna yell from the doorway.
Opening her eyes she looked down at where her arms used to be. “Well… it could have been worst.” She mumbled her voice was raspy.
“Let’s go see daddy.” Steve picked up Peter and went into the room.
“Leaving where baby girl?” Tony asked and put a hand to her forehead getting Jarvis to scan her brain waves.
“Uncle Bucky!” She screamed and stood up and squinted. “I can’t see you!”
“Ms. Pots,” Jarvis started but his voice kept going in and out. “T-there… alert. Not... ”
“Can we go find them?” Luna whispered into Pepper’s side.
Tony took his boxers off leaving him in his birthday suit. “Sure Cap.”  he walked in the bedroom slowly and climbed onto the bed growling playfully at his husband. Everyone knew that they weren’t allowed to call them for the next few days.
Peter just nodded and went down to the lab with Tony gripping his hand tightly. “Don’t leave me, okay?”
“Do you enjoy staying at the penthouse? Even after you lost your arms?”
“Tony has been an excellent father to both of the twins. Even today we saw how distraught Peter was when he had to sit away from his father. We know that Tony shares all he can with the twins and has the safety on everything. The media even learned not to mess with the twins after the train accident where Steven Rogers tried to kill my client when having a flashback. Steven left the twins unattended for over four hours while Tony was in a coma. Thank you.”
Violet ran at them with an ax at her side swinging.
Tony sighed. “I found out I have a tumor in my brain. We wanted to have a child and I’m going to give him a child before anything happens to me. Steve doesn’t know anything yet. Doctors gave me two years and I want them to be the best I’ve ever had. Luna is involved in making it the best.”
The sleep spell that I was giving myself to make me feel rested kept dulling more and more as we flew further away from the school. The dark black kept getting darker as I got restless.
“Kids. We will figure this out so fast we promise,” Tony told them and hugged them close. “I have you. I love you both.”
They all sat at the big dining room table. “As you all know. You are all humanly different and have different skills. You are all the Avengers who will save the world when the time will come. You will need to train and know everything about one another. We need a place to shelter you all. Any ideas?”
Dr. Strange: “I have seen billions of futures and there is only one where you aren’t married to one another. I have been waiting for years.”
Tony opened the door and smiled at him. “Watch this. Jarvis you there.”
Both men got up and left the lab and went into all the chaos. Boxes were all over the house and very high classes S.H.I.E.L.D. agents there to help them transfer everything.
Tony went into there room and brought out the new member of their family the brown and black Airedale Terrier, Newt. They picked this dog out of all of them not just because the name was weird, but he was sweetest out of all of the dogs. The husbands sat on the couch with Newt in between them.
Tony sighed and sat next to Thor laying his head back on Steve who was still standing. They waited until the end to stand up.
“Tony, nothing is your fault,” Steve told him.
Violet took the microphone from Tony with a a bit of a glare. “Thank you everyone for coming out. Please enjoy everything.”
Peter came out with a suit like his father, but it was of his Spiderman suit with a Marti Gras mask. Of course, because Peter was only fourteen and didn’t come out to the public with his identity. And the world only found out six years ago that his dads were even married. “Dad! I! Love! This! Can I wear it to the prom?!”
The family of four stood outside in the snow. Peter and Violet stood in big jackets dancing around in the snow while the parents stood watching. Steve trying to get pictures of the three of them, but Tony refused since the paparazzi was already trying.
“Yes, love does make a family,” Steve leaned over and kissed her forehead. “I love you and I know he did too.”
“M-mechanical? What the hell did you do to me?!” Tony tried to yell but laid back down.
“No, but you can wear mine since you do love to support my superhero-ing,” Tony told him and looked back towards the bedrooms. “Violet! Let’s rock!”
“Steve, Tony why didn’t you tell anyone?”
“What’s up Peter?” Steve asked and sat next to him at the table and started eating the hard-boiled egg he made yesterday.
“I’m so sorry, Tony.” Steve began but got pulled into a kiss to shut him up. “Mm… What was that for?”
The rest of the team sat down wanting to hear about their niece and nephews conditions. Once everyone was nicely seated and comfortable everyone went quiet, Bruce began.
“Luna how old are you?! Do you enjoy having fags as your parents?! They teaching you how to fuck right?!”
When they arrived at the same venue they did Tony’s the crowd was being held back as Luna, Wanda, and Happy went inside. The rest of the Avengers were already there helping set everything up. They all looked over when the door closed.
“Okay. But he is going to take the babies out and put them in some tube thing to protect them and mostly you. Understand? This is the only way we are doing this.” Tony told him with all seriousness.
“Just paperwork and two doctor visits before you leave the country. If you come with me we can get them arranged for you,” Gale told them and walked with Tony up to the front room. “Is there a reason you're going so fast, Mr. Stark?”
“FUCK YOU! Your such a fucking asshole! NO one will ever love you! You will never get a family, a job or anything! You’ll be the ugliest homeless person alive.”
“Don’t die before we even see her,” Tony told him.
“He’ll come back.”
“So many glass balls…” Hermione pointed out and looked around. Everyone stayed close to one another behind Harry and her. Nevil, Ginny, and Ron were right behind them as Luna came up in the rear.
“Daddy you no answer my question!” Peter yelled and looked up at him holding his fork tighter. “Please, daddy!”
“Hey, dude!” Sam yelled and got on his feet walking over to the couple with Rhodey and Bucky behind him. “How have you been?”
“Yes, sir. It was the suit that got destroyed not me. Though you know that.” Jarvis told him. Steve swore if Jarvis could laugh he would. “Bruce Banner would like to see you in Mistress’s room when you are available.”
Steve pulled Luna off Tony and held her close not wanting her being wet make him colder than he already was. “We’re gonna go to the beach. We’ll be together for the last time. I’m sorry sugar pie.”
“I’ll go get the helicopter setup…” Luna told him and went out into the hall. She was happy that no one seemed to notice how badly she was hurt. She didn’t want to talk about it or even about how she was involved with something that stupid.
“What should I do?” I asked myself and looked over to see the illusion of my parents. After they died I imagined that every time I came to the graveyard that I would be able to see them. I enjoy it, though sometimes they don’t talk like themselves. But, it’s what I thought of and I can’t take it back.
Peter shot his finger web shooting the key into his mouth. Biting the top of the key he leaned over and stuck it in Thor’s handcuffs letting him out of the cuffs. Once the key was out of his mouth he spoke, “About twice week, maybe three when we first got started.”
Nothing could happen in three weeks. Everything happened. Luna doesn’t even know how she got caught in going to help Harry Potter fight in the Ministry of Magic, but she did. She fought against dementors. Yes, she wanted to learn how to defend herself, but getting caught up in a battle she nothing about wasn’t very smart of her. Ravenclaws were better than that she told herself the whole flight there.
“Cap. Let’s go.” Tony flew behind him and started taking down the floating bikes while Steve handled the soldiers falling off of them with Nat, and Hawkeye’s help. Ant-Man and Wasp were fighting the monsters that kept coming through the hole.
I could hear Happy sigh, “Penthouse.”
Peter got off the bench and ran over to Tony crying. “I hate our birthday. I wish she never left! I hate her for it, but I miss her all at the same time.”
“Okay?” Tony asked him and gave him a kiss on the forehead.
Violet smiled and curled into her fathers never wanting the hug to end. “We use to call this an S.P.V.T sandwich. I have to go.”
It was the twins- Peter’s eighth birthday and the tower was celebrating. The penthouse was decorated in red and blue streamers, and balloons (with the exception of one purple balloon). Tony was looking at the cake the store made with red and blue frosting and a big fondant spider sitting on top with other bugs crawling on the sides.
Pops smiled and kissed my head then laid on the other side of me. “We trust you with whatever you decide. Peter will thank you one day.”
The judge just smiled shaking her head. “You certainly are Mr. Stark’s son. Do you like school?”
My whole body trembled as I ran off the elevator looking around the penthouse squinting trying to see farther than I could. “Where are you?! DAD! PAPA!”
“Peter, you have to promise to tell the truth while in that chair. Can you do that?” The judge asked while looking over at him.
Looking at them she shrugged. “I always knew. From the time she showed me how to control my powers to how I could protect myself. She took me to the red room to teach me everything I needed to know about the future and fighting. Something I will have to do when Peter is in danger.”
“Hello, my, my you must be muggles. How did you get here?” The older man asked them looking them up and down.
“What’s your name cutie?” Nat started and batted her eyes at him and gave him truth serum in his neck.
“Your a pain, Tony,” Steve hissed at him and rolled his eyes. “Let’s see what you have planned.”
“Sure. If that’s what you want to do.” Steve told him and grabbed his hand. “Are you okay? You look a bit pale.”
Everyone stood when Luna walked out with Steve on her right arm and the hologram of Tony on her right. When she reached Bucky the hologram of Tony disappeared as they walked forward to Bruce. Bucky kissed her head and smiled taking his seat. Bruce walked her to Happy and hugged her close whispering in her ear. When Happy stopped with only the stairs left to the altar he kissed her forehead.
“I won’t leave you. We’re family. Twins forever. It’s in our DNA.”
The next thing she knew was she was at the top of the Statue of Liberty. Luna jumped off and flew in the rain to go to the compound. It took her a half hour to fly in the rain. She was glad that the broomstick was able to be told where to go without hesitation. Once she got passed the city the rain started to stop. She ran into the hospital wing soaking wet looking at everyone sobbing outside the room.
Steve walked over and kissed the top of Tony’s head. “Love, I am glad to see that you are having a good time, but you do know we have to go…” Steve looked at his watch the twins gave him for father's day, “...in almost three hours.”
She sat in the room by herself while Steve and the doctor talked. “Luna. Luna Elizabeth-Sara Stark-Rogers.”
She went pale then back to her normal color. “No… I’ve gotta be fine today. I need to get married…”
“I’m so sorry. I thought she would have been okay for a little bit,” Gale got up and went into the nursery. After a few minutes, she came back with a purple Furby. “She was found with this doll after the bombing. Luna has never let it go out of her sight. I think it’s the only memory she has of her parents. I think she has separation anxiety from the thing.”
“How old are they?!”
Scott: “Don’t eat her head off. Not many non-bug people like that.”
“I wasn’t scared!” Peter smiled.
“If you can’t decide we have a family ready to take them until you can decide,” Denice told them. “We can bring them down here and enlighten them.”
“Yeah. We can go. J-just give me a minute. I don’t want to wear a suit,”
Steve sighed and walked over to her. “Please, princess. I need help here. I know it’s your birthday and you don’t want to, but it was the only appointment they had. Daddy will also be back later today from the doctors. Please let’s behave so everyone can come over.”
Steve rolled his eyes and went into the kitchen getting out plates. “Do we need forks?”
She spun around and laid on the ground. “Only for a minute! I want to change my mind cause this just don’t feel right to me!”
Garrick smiled and wiped his eye. His sister made that wand when they were ten. She had just died two weeks before. “It was made by the first blind wizard. She was just as strong as you. She died at 100 years old. She would be proud that another young blind wizard is going to be able to use her wand.”
Violet sat there and watched leaning on the soft pillow trying to stand up. Whimpering when she fell onto her face not being able to get up. “Po….”
“Tony, we put her at risk! She needs to go to that school to stay safe!” Steve yelled.
“I want to apologize. I let myself become my disability for a second there. I acted like I was blind and not a person. I want to go to Comic-Con with you guys. When you said ‘see’ it made me upset that I wouldn’t be able to see everything. Even though I would just like being there to hear everything said. If you didn’t already sell someone the tickets, is the offer still available?”
“I think we're alone now. It doesn’t seem like no one else is around!” Peter sang back and did the robot.
“I missed being here, but as you all know we have a daughter now. With that, we needed to talk to you all.” Tony started and looked down at the table.
“A little bit. I’m fine, sweetheart.” Tony took his hand and started walking to the car where Happy was waiting. “I just wanna go home and sleep in my house.”
“O-Okay…” Luna whispered leaning into him more.
“Alright, pumpkin eater,” Steve took her hand and lead her out of the room and back out to the tower forgetting about the ice cream.
Tony kneeled and smiled rubbing Peter’s cheek. “I know, buddy. If you want to see Santa you have to wait your turn and wait like everyone else to board the train. Okay?”
Crab and Goyal let go of Luna’s wrists and grinned at the blonde haired boy. Draco kicked her back on to the ground as they all ran off. “BYE BOY!” She laid on the ground holding her side trying not to make any sounds.
Violet stood still like a statue when the two superheroes came down the stairs. They approached the girl slowly looking at her.
“I love you! I love you!” Steve yelled and ran upstairs to get his bag ready.
“That’s nice of them,” Ron said between bites of his sandwich.
“Flash, please. Leave us alone,” Ned told him and pulled Peter back by the wrist to hold him back.
“How did you all get out of your chains?” Fury looked at them not knowing if he felt amazed or scared.
“I will kick your ass kid if you don’t shut up. Get down here and fight.” Hawkeye told him. “You are an Avenger now!”
Steve rolled his eyes. “We each try to take them down. Spread out and search. Peter… you will stay here in the lab until someone comes and gets you. Suit up.”
“Pops?” Luna questioned and pulled her other headphone out of her ear. “Jarvis, hack into S.H.I.E.L.D. and get me into the microphone system to speak back to him,” she commanded.
Sitting up gasping for air she looked around and caught eyes with Hawkeye. “No, please tell me I didn’t kill anyone! Please!”
“That’s enough out of you,” Nat told him and pointed the gun at him shooting him in the eye.
‘Letter 244,
She looked up at Tony and let go of Bruce’s wrist. “D-dad. No. No. Please no!”
“Can we see her? If we decide she does go? I don’t want her to feel abandoned.” Steve asked and grabbed Tony’s hand tightly.
“Hey one step at a time, kiddo,” Bruce told her and set a hand on her shoulder. “It’s okay. You need to get looked at yourself. Let’s just get back to the helicopter and get you looked at. It’ll just be a minute, I promise.”
Natasha stayed back letting Steve do it on his own knowledge he needed to do it on his own. Taking a deep breath he knocked on the door. Standing there he swore the sweat going down his face was going to drown him.
“Why aren’t you coming with me?” Luna asked shaking. “Don’t leave me, Pepper! Please don’t!”
“Where do you live?”
She looked up at Nat and threw her arms around her shaking. “N-no bad.”
“Okay-” Peter went to continue, but the others walked in.
Tony just smiled. “This is my computer A.I. now. Jarvis is going to be the eye in the sky. Magic man in the mirror. He’s gonna help me with the company.”
“Okay,” Draco told her and dumped her out of the bag on to the dirty in the middle of a circle of people. The sun was just rising. Everyone had party hats on smiling down at the girl. Crab and Goyle held Luna’s wrist tightly.
“It could be that,” Tony told Steve and looked down at Peter. “Peter, you gonna go with Papa. Rhodey and I are going to go get Violet. I promise I will be right back. Just ask Papa to call me if you need anything,”
“What’s a purple?” Tony asked looking around for anything that was purple.
“PANCAKES!” Peter squealed and ran like a mad man into the kitchen swinging up on the table to sit in his chair.
“Welcome everyone I’m Peter better known as Spider-Man!” Peter smiles and took the microphone. “Man! There is more than enough projects here that I should have thought of myself. Kudos to everyone! I am going to be the lead man in the lab! I’m taking in the next generation of MIT applications. I can not wait for everyone to graduate.”
“Ass,” Steve mumbled under his breath.
Tony smiled. “Maybe.”
“Tell me that isn’t cum.” Bucky pointed to his shirt and started laughing.
“Peter. She’s a wizard,” Steve told him and looked down at his feet. “She’ll be attending the same school you do after the holidays. She doesn’t like it at the school she’s at now.”
Tony took Steve’s hand and smiled. “We wanted to announce to everyone that we have been married for the past eight years. A lot of our fans are happy to hear this. I know. I’ve read some of the things you genius things have written. We also have a ten-year-old daughter.”
“Your glasses are extraordinary,” Garrick admired and smiled. “You deserve an extraordinary wand.”
“L-leaving…” she looked around and grabbed her shirts torso.
Steve sat next to him keeping his eyes on Violet who struggled to keep her eyes open. “So, let’s begin, please.”
Not even five minutes later the twins stood in front of them. Violet stood behind Peter.
Tony looked at Steve then down at the newborn babies. “When can we start?”
“No,” Steve told him and grabbed Tony by the shoulders making Tony face him. Grabbing his chin to make Tony look into one another's eyes. “After I lost you I knew I wanted you. Tony Stark, I love you. I love you, I love you.”
“I want to prepare you for when she wakes up. We have taken from her shoulder down. She has no nerves in them. We brought Helen Cho in and she couldn’t repair them. So, we took them off so she can get prosthetics. Tony, we figured you would want to make them. In time we will attach them for you.” Dr. Denise told them as calm as she could. “We tried everything. As you know she’s been in sugary for the past eight hours. She’s starting to make things appear. We have started to wake her up, but she’s gonna be in shock.”
Tony stood taking off the machines. “I will be fine. Let’s go get home.” He grabbed his sons and husbands hands walking out of the hospital room.
Luna sat on the broomstick and watched the sunrise. Tears running down her red puffy face. She stopped when she made it to the rooftop of the tower. Sitting on her knees she screamed until her face was blue. She had to be happy and okay for her Papa. She had to be.
“Head hurts, but I’m okay. Where’s Aunt Pepper?” Luna asked her and gripped her shirt. “Bucky wouldn’t tell me.”
Violet turned and walked slowly over to him trying not to fall.
Jarvis and Tony walked out of the house and got into the limo rented for the night. The five boys got in the back while Jarvis went into the driver's seat. He took off to the there first bar of the night across town.
“But we're happy… aren’t we?” Peter asked slightly hurt. “I’m okay now.”
“I am doing everything in my power to take you back into my care. I swear I am.” Tony blinked back his tears and kissed his cheek. “You have to sit with your caretaker okay? Save a seat for your uncles and aunt though okay?”
“Hagrid?” Luna asked and sat up slowly. “D-don’t tell anyone, please. They’ll just make it worst. Please, don’t make this a big deal. I’ll just go to the showers.”
“Yes, sir! It’s been my dream since we found out what our parents really did!” Peter yelled excitedly.
Steve stood when the doctor came out of the room. “Doctor Cho, how is he? Is everything okay from our trip?”
“Great. Always loved the dog house!” Tony yelled back.
“Let’s get one thing straight, Peter Parker.” Luna glared at him. “I am a girl.”
“Hey, how is everyone?” Steve walked in straight to the kids not speaking to anyone else. “Are you both okay?”
They had watched YouTube on speeches that had happened and recaps of the years he was gone. They helped more than Bucky trying to remember everything that had happened in the past four years. Though he was more helpful with what happened with his daughter than the rest. Which was more important to him. Some of the videos that were out were of her getting engaged and the other was her speech at his funeral.
Steve could tell that Peter had Tony and his body’s combined. He was muscular and had not a bit of fat on his body decides the babyface he couldn’t shake off. Violet, on the other hand, was the opposite. She was fragile and weak. No matter how hard she would train she wouldn’t gain any body mass just like Steve before the serum. He hated that he gave her that.
Walking out into the kitchen he found Steve sitting on the bar stool on the island. Tony rolled his eyes and walked straight to the fridge and grabbed the fudge pop tarts. Ripping open the silver paper he looked up at Steve and spoke for the first time that month: “The fuck you want, Steve?”
“They have powers? Oh yes! Alright, give me the money!” Sam yelled jumping up and down.
“Peter Joseph Rogers-Stark and Violet Maria Rogers-Stark.” Steve smiled and stood above the twins. “Are they healthy?”
“Your father and I will talk about it. Let’s get you two in our room.” Steve got up and grabbed the twins my the shirts dragging them along.
“Yes. Decides a few things that we will worry about in the future, but for right now they want you.” Bruce smiled at the couple as they each picked up one of the babies.
“I’m really, really happy right now. Decides that I’ve been alive and that’s about it,” Tony told Sam and went into his arms hugging him.
The drive was quiet. Normally she would talk his ear off, but today didn’t seem right to her. It was like everything was against her. Something just seemed off in every single way. She went inside the school and went to first period sitting next to Peter.
I stopped in my tracks and turned around smiling. I knew I wasn’t in my uniform, but he hasn’t stopped me before... about that. None of them have. I’m a free soul around here. “Yes, professor?”
Peter nodded taking everything in and looked over at the curtain. “Where’s Violet?”
Not even ten minutes later the common room was filled with everyone. Everyone was dancing and playing party games to entertain the youngest. Since she was still the only child in the tower having a normal party was out of the question. There were no other kids for her to play with though she was fine with it. She wanted to learn more than anything else in the world. Since she knew she was a genius she wanted to study everything! People aren’t a big necessity.
“Violet you are in the front car. Peter, you are with me,” Jen told them.
“Okay, we will talk to her,” Tony whispered and kissed the top of her head while Steve ran his fingers through her hair.
Breaking the mask off he saw his little girl laying there with her eyes clenched shut. “Violet, can you hear me?”
“Of course sir,” Violet told him and went back to washing the dishes.
Thor sat in the back and looked at the door putting his hands up when the husbands walked through. “Don’t be mad. She told me ‘let’s do something crazy and I fell for it.”
“Alright. I’ll be up in a moment.” Tony told him and got up.
“Professor Flitwick said that you wanted to do all seven years that Hogwarts in one year. You understand that it is going to be a lot of work correct?”
“SHE’s not going anywhere without us,” Steve told him and took Luna’s hand handing her to Rhodey. “Take her to the house.”
Luna pulled him into a kiss and dipped him back gripping his arms. Peter put the ring on her finger while kissing her. They stayed like that until she couldn’t hold him up anymore.
“We also got all our cosplay outfits together!” Tony smiled and pulled her into him.
She shook her head. “Either my head makes something without my permission or I cause an event to happen. I thought about Papa yelling at me about not going downstairs and he did it. I thought about the train having to be stopped. We shouldn’t see Santa since we are bad. And it caused you both to fight.”
That night everyone was waiting around the living room. Tony was sitting there rubbing his hands together and Steve was pacing the room making a path in the rug where he has been. Nat and Bruce held one another's hand talking about the mission they had just been on. Dr. Strange and Clint were eating the leftover pizza while Sam and Rhodey were to busy trying to show one another up. Thor had just walked off the elevator going into the living room.
Pepper wanted to go and have a family with Phil Coulson, (which I saw coming and won the bet). So I made her a deal that I would get my degree and take over for her as soon as I could. I went to NYU and got a business degree on a fast track. What should have taken four years took me two years.  I got out right as Pepper was due with her first born, Anthony, in honor of my dad. I was the only one that ran Stark Industries until Peter finished school.
“What about our daughter?!” Steve yelled. “She needs one of us!”
I sat on the grass and covered my face taking in deep breaths. I was away from them.
“That was before we were even dating and had twins. We need to step up to the plate, Tony. One of us does. It doesn’t matter who as long as it is one of us. We could even swap out every once and awhile.” Steve suggested and kissed Tony’s hand. “Please, talk to me.”
Steve stood there with his mouth open. “When can we leave?”
“Hey, kiddo. Let’s get you home.” Happy smiled and got him in the car seat. “Tony, Steve let’s ride.”
“Tony, I-” Steve began, but the elevator closed before he could finish. He sighed and got up. “Yeah, court.”
“But, Violet once you found out she wasn’t your mom why did you stay with her?” Steve asked this time picking her up so she would face them.
“Can you even find your way back to the school?” Hagrid asked and put his hand on his hips. When she never responded he helped her on to her feet.
“They're my children too!” Steve yelled back and slammed his fist on the table. “They don’t even know about the separation!”
“Don’t start that shit.” Bucky glared at him.
“Find it soon or the kid gets pancaked,” Hawkeye told him and started walking towards their location.
Tony looked at Bruce and then at Steve. “In a few minutes baby girl. Bruce-bear here is gonna look you over.”
“I understand that, but me? We lost her once in that future and when she was first born though I don’t think it ever happened. But, we knew we weren’t going to lose her again! Then she ran!” Steve screamed running into Tony’s back.
When the van parked at S.H.I.E.L.D. everyone got out looking at one another. Steve’s plan was crazy, but it had to work.
“Language. I’m just telling her. She needs this and she won’t do what she’s told! She needs to have time for family. Pepper lost her hair and time over this job. Look at her. She’s just a baby at twenty four years old. Peter has three kids and a wife who is pregnant again don’t tell them you know. She needs to have a life.”
“In your room, Lu!” Steve yelled.
Tony nodded. “Fine… ass.”
Nick left the room leaving the four of them in there. “Hey, Peter who’s your friend?” Tony asked getting out of the chair walking over to the other table.
Steve opened the door with red eyes and tear stains on his face. “She’s dead. Before the kids could even know her better.”
Tony walked out of the room running up to the front desk. “Gale, where is this purple thing she wants? She’s having a panic attack over it.”
Steve cleared his throat and looked at him, “No. Not again, Tony. We really need to talk. Fury wants an answer by tomorrow. And sadly we need to decide which one of us is going.”
Luna sat on the stair and wheezed. She knew she couldn’t do the stairs without help or she would fall down the stairs and get hurt even more than she was. It was also a good call since she couldn’t see the booby trap on the stairs to avoid it. “Aunt Pepper?! Dad! Papa! Someone! Anyone!”
“Ahh… right. Another Weasley… I know what to do with you Gryffindor!”
“Oh, baby girl. We’re right here.” Tony whispered and sat on the left side of the bed while Steve took the right. “We have you. You're safe. It’s okay.”
“Hey, Miss can you hear me?” Bruce asked and looked her over from head to toe. Looking over each scratch. “You used too much of your powers again. And when you fell you got a concussion. You are lucky to be alive. When you go home don’t sleep just take a few aspirins.”
“I sold the tower. I bought land in upper New York. We can all live there safe and sound. I promise my love. I swear.” Tony mumbled and whimpered holding his side. “Everything hurts.”
“Peter… she took you. All my fault. She took you away and dragged me off. I-I got to the airport and she drugged me.” Violet snapped her eye shut tightly. “Make it stop. Please make it stop. Peter run.”
“Not gonna sleep again?” Peter asked.
She never noticed the rest of her family on the stage with her or even that there were more reporters there recording. Or even that Peter was walking out on to the stage.
“Packing? Where are we going” Luna asked and sat her seeing-eye cane down next to the elevator door.
“I, Steven Grant Stark-Rogers, do.” Steve kissed her cheek and leaned into her. “I’m so proud of you,” he took her hand and placed it into Peter’s.
“Fifteen tomorrow, well today I guess,” Steve told him and sat back. “Let’s talk.”
She looked at them confused. “Can… I take a bath? I’m dirty.”
Tony came and sat down letting Steve sit on the edge. Tony looked around at all the kids with there candy canes and homemade picture frames. “Kids, did we miss Santa?”
Thor walked behind Violet letting her lean on him. He tried carrying her but she had a hissy fit. Once they reached the locker rooms Thor stopped. “I can not go into the women’s room.”
Walking back to her bedroom Violet grabbed her real violin and a dress in a cover bag. She changed into the school uniform and walked out of the house. Without saying goodbye or anything she ran to the bus stop.
“It’s Happy! I have you,” Happy told her pulling her into a hug. Keeping her close to his chest protecting her from all of the shots going off. Compared to him the girl was only to his mid-chest. “We are gonna go back inside where we were before.”
Peter shook his head. “Nah… she’s gonna be perfect! She’s a Rogers-Stark,”
Tony sighed and walked out of the bedroom and held his arms. When he walked down to the kitchen his heart stopped.
“I can sober up before then. Let’s go get changed.” Tony paused the concert and walked back to Violet’s room before he went to his. “Hey, kid...” Tony waved his arm getting her attention.
Tony kneeled and hugged him tightly. “I have you love. I truly do. Fuck…” Tony sat gripping his back. “I was gonna carry you, but I need you to carry me. I need my muscle relaxer.”
Steve took a deep breath and sighed. “I wanted to say that I was sorry. For everything. I mean it. Before we go into court today just know that I will let the twins live up here no matter what. They deserve you as a parent.”
“Listen, Cap, we are fine. You are in the year 2007. It’s the night before Christmas. We have two kids. And we are married which I say it’s a great thing.” Tony grinned and smiled.
I flew to New York, S.H.I.E.L.D’s headquarters and left myself on the office doorstep of Nick Fury knowing he would find someone to raise me well. With only two hours left, I drove uptown and killed Adrian Toomes the way he killed my fathers. Shots in the head and in the back with a pistol gun. With that being my final act I faded knowing that my timeline was gone.
“Do you wanna go dance?” Peter stood up and helped Luna to her feet.
“Man I feel like chop liver,” Bruce mumbled and looked at him.
Tony began to panic but knew he needed to take a few deep breaths. Tumor? Focus he told himself and continued to work. He didn’t work on a bomb though. He made himself a new heart of his own design. Like from his companies at home. It took him ten days to make it all on his own without getting discovered. The guard watching him through the door window looked lost every time he was building something.
I changed into a doctor’s outfit and stood next to younger Steve. “Sir, I am Dr. Helen Cho’s assistant. I am here to take the little beings out of you and into the amniotic sac. I promise it will not be painful.”
Tony kneeled in front of the twins and sighed. “I should kick both of your asses, but your father and I decided that you did a great job here my loves.”
Violet went to fight him but got stopped when the shield slashed the right side of her face making a cut. She went down to the ground shaking in fear while looking up at him.
Tony leaned into Jarvis and sighed catching his breath. “Don’t tell them about this. Or any of the other times I’ve done it. I wanna tell Steve later.”
Tony leaned over and kissed Peter’s head. “Christmas kisses for my whole family. I’m glad your doing better, Steve. You scared us and a shit ton of pidgins a scare.”
“What about our lives we live now? We can’t just leave them.” Clint asked.
“We are also moving to New York City in the next few years. Everyone enjoy themselves and have fun.”
“Santa came!” Peter squealed and ran under the tree squealing.
She flinched and moved away from the couple. She looked at the ground and focused on the ground. “Don’t touch me, please.”
Thor unlocked the person to his left and passed the key around until it was back to Violet. She had the key disappeared and leaned on Peter closing her eyes.
“Just follow me,” Violet told him and walked inside the school. “Sugar… Thor, you can’t write. Excuse me… ma’am, could you please sign me in?”
“I didn’t do this,” Tony whispered and Steve shrugged his shoulders going with it. Steve and Tony sat down on the couch. “What did you get kiddo?”
“You’ve got buffer… man. I could ravish you right now.” Tony whispered between breaths. Sitting on the tile Tony pulled Steve into his chest. “Don’t leave me. Don’t leave me, Steve. Don’t.”
“Violet there you are. We are about to leave to go home and change. Everyone is going to come over later for the little party dad wants to have.” Peter told her and grabbed her hand dragging her away.
Tony is one of the lucky ones though. After eight months of treatment, the tumor stopped growing making everything in his life looking up. Dr. Cho told him to be careful but to live life while he was still alive. Take it slow at first, but dive in when your body is ready.
“Because you are both too young to be marrying one another.” Steve jumped in and looked at Peter hoping to god that it would end the questions.
Once everyone was inside they followed Professor McGonagall inside the great hall. Everyone was in robes except for Luna who was in a purple t-shirt with flowers and jeans. She had no shoes on since Draco took her trunk from the loading dock. All of the old students were looking at the newcomers. Luna kept her head held high and smiled behind the rest of the group.
Pepper pushed open the bookcase then shut it behind the girl before the bullet hit her in the back of the knee. Loki shot fire out of his staff and sent two men down after them. The first promise she gave to her bosses, best friends, we're going to come true first. She was protecting her niece at all cost. She was okay with dying for her niece.
Luna sat at the VIP table in the back of the room with Peter. The two sat there quietly looking at one another.
Taking a deep breath Violet coughed and grabbed on to her throat. “Wh-where am I?”
Steve woke up that morning to find the bed empty. He walked down the two flights of stairs into the basement. That’s where Tony hid in his lab. Steve knocked on the glass window and smiled.
“See…” she whispered and pulled the covers over her head.
Harry shrugged and stood up looking around. “Voices… I can hear voices.”
“Please leave us alone,” Tony asked as nice as he could. “Our daughter is hurt and we need to attend to her wounds. We promise we will answer all your questions at a later date. I have your number and we will call you. And if you get all the reporters away I will make sure you are the only one we talk to this month.”
“Who the fuck is that?” Tony asked staring at the kid. “What did you do?”
- - -  - - - -
“Blind me, Harry. What the bloody hell was this?” Ron asked and got on his knees.
WARNING: VERY NOT NICE WORDS ARE SAID BY HYDRA
“Sir, Lady Luna, and Mister Rogers are home,” Jarvis said as the door opened to the elevator.
Bruce walked over and grabbed her hand. “Hey… shh, it’s okay. They can’t hurt you anymore. Remember your safe. Here with us.”
“I’m not going anywhere. We’ve been able to live at home for two years now.” Peter whispered to her.
“Remember this isn’t you, Vi. It’s Miss Imagine. Colorful and fun. Annnnd my sidekick. I can’t do this without you,” Peter told her from the other side of her bedroom door.
Gale walked in the room and saw them all cuddling on the couch. She took a picture with the camera which caught both of the men’s attention. “Sorry. You both look so cute with her.”
Taking a deep breath she sat up and got back on the broomstick. “For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness,” she took a deep breath and flew off back to the beach.
It’s been two months since Tony did the DNA test on his daughter. He told everyone about the test and showed them the results. Tony and Steve thought about and knew it was best for the girl to stay with Bruce and Nat since they didn’t want Peter to think they were replacing him. They did plan to tell her on their 6th birthday and would give her a choice. They had two years until then to figure everything out in fine details.
“Playing.”
“We could have you each have a twin each week.” Steve’s lawyer Denice told them. “That way you each have one. Then celebrate things together.”
Steve nodded and looked at the ground. “It’s been happening again since the twins were created. I don’t know what is wrong with me. Please do not tell Tony he doesn't know and is under more stress from everything happening so quickly. He’s built the house and the business is taking off with Prince T’Challa. I just don’t want him more stressed out.”
“Peter, really kid?” Steve groaned and looked around. “How long have you been up?”
“I see a Lovegood, Stark-Rogers…” the Sorting Hat began. “What should I do with you? Are you as smart as your father or as brave as your Papa… you have the brains, but the bravery isn’t developed. Ravenclaw!”
Levi stood. “Your honor, Anthony would like to know if the court needs to know about traveling with the twins.”
“There’s to much smoke, Lu. Listen I need you to take like six steps back. Than jump. I will catch you. I know you can’t see it but if you touch the next stair you're gonna trigger some trap,” Bucky looked at the girl and noticed she was trembling. “I swear to you, Lu. Would I lie to you?”
Uncle Bucky was her best bet since he listened to orders like he was told and he is still feeling guilty for almost killing Steve four months ago. Thor might be an even better choice since he never cares about rules. She just needed her father to leave the room.
“Second. Pour four cups of flower, but since we want a big cake we are going to use four bags!” Draco ripped the top off of the four bags and poured them down her.
“Professor Flitwick, where are Tony and Steve?” Luna asked him and held her arms.
Luna rushed her hand to grab her wand from the group yelling the word. “Liberacorpus!” It sent the man fifty feet back down the row.
Tony leaned into Steve and kissed him slowly. Tears streamed down his face while sobbing. “Steve…”
“Where’s Vi? She was crying when she left.” Peter told him and nuzzled into his shoulder. “She looked hurt.”
“Yes, sir I do. I just want to get home and be with my family as soon as possible. They need me there with them. They always will.”
Luna gripped Peter’s arm and looked up at him. “Peter...” she whispered barely able to speak from how nervous she was.
“We could do Fairy Tail! Steven Universe! Oh my goodness there’s so much we can do!” Luna giggled and held them close to her. “Is everyone else coming or just us?”
Peter took May’s hand and followed her to the bench sitting on his knees looking at the door waiting for someone very important to him. The most important person in his life (if you asked him) the girl who shared almost 98.99% of the same DNA. Violet.
Peter started laughing. “OH, yes! How can I forget our first arrest?”
I wheezed falling to my knees trying to catch my breath. “D-don’t leave me.”
“Bucky, why is this happening now?” Tony asked him and kept low.
“Violet, do you understand what's going on?” The judge asked leaning over the stand to see her face even though she was looking down. Violet just nodded and curled into Peter’s side with her face in his chest. “I need you to speak, please. Even if it is just yes and no.”
“Bucky!” I wrapped my arms around him tightly. “We gotta get my things then we need to go. We can fly.”
The next morning Tony and Steve sat in the back seat of the car while Happy drove. They weren’t leaving New York. They headed right into Brooklyn.
I stood up. “It’s too late, Peter. It’s going to send me back in an hour, Peter. I was here to see if you wanted to go with me. Guess not.” I held a letter out to him. “Give this to Gilbert for me, please.”
“We didn’t want to fuck one up, but if she already has problems then we can help. And what woman doesn’t want to be a mother?” Nat told him and kissed the girl on the top of the head sitting her in the chair.
Luna walked slowly knowing there were a bunch of kids on the train and not much room. She could somewhat see what was in front of her, but the 2% she could see was squinting.
“Your daughter. You said she ran in front of the blast correct to protect your son?” Dr. Dessie asked them.
Steve hugged his son tightly and smiled. “Peter, you get taller every time I leave and come back I swear it.” The last time he saw Peter he was only up to his shoulders, but now he was almost up to his chin. “It’s only been two months this time too.”
Fury pressed the button for his communicator. “Have the vans ready and back the public up the building is coming down.” He let go of the button and looked at the heroes. “I want everyone in those military vans. Let’s go.”
“Луна, why don’t you sleep? We will be there in an hour. I bet you wanna see your parents well rested.” Nat whispered while putting her fingers through my hair.
Tony hugged her and sighed pushing the headband back on to her head. “It’ll be okay. We trust your judgment.”
“Of course. Stay safe.” He leaned over and kissed my head. I pulled him down into a kiss knowing this would be the last one in this timeline or at all.
“Well, when we open Avengers Land we have to be in our uniforms. But, we thought we could do something Disney in the parks. Anything for Comic-Con though. We are excited about whatever you want us to do or dress up as.”
“In here! Come quick!” Steve yelled louder than he meant too.
“Yes, that’s Peter,” Tony told her and put the sedative in her neck holding her up. “Get some sleep. I have you, little one.”
Steve curled into Tony’s side and fell asleep for the rest of the flight.
“I am a terrible husband and father. They are gonna get taken away aren’t they?” Steve asked in general.
Blinking made things go faster apparently because then it was only two minutes until they are here. I got dressed quickly in my green leggings with a black flowered pattern shirt and a pink sweater that I patched my house crest on. Then to top it off my glasses, which I put a spell that gave me back 40% of my sight. Which is amazing!
Steve cleared his throat. “I remember taking the plane down into the water. Where is my family? I need to see her. She’s probably scared of being alone. I promised I was gonna come back. I didn’t come back.”
“I killed Pepper! I killed her!” Luna screamed and cried harder into her hands. “Daddy! I’m sorry! I’m sorry Papa! I’m so sorry I couldn’t protect her! I’m sorry! So sorry!”
“Major Gilbert Bougainvillea. I am the Major of one of Hydra’s armies. I was forced into this position by my father. I never wanted to hurt anyone.”
“No clue. She’s upset though,” Dr. Strange told them with his arms crossed.
“No. You are going in there, kid. I did this with Harry and I am going to lose him to the war starting. You are going up the stairs and speaking to the headmaster right now. Understand?” Hagrid told her in his best professor voice.
“Papa! Daddy!” Peter screamed at the top of his lungs while crying. The snot ran down his face while screaming louder.
Every news station and paparazzi staff member for magazines where there waiting for them to get out of the limo. Cameras flashed making it hard to see anything at all. It was worse than going to the Oscars or even the music awards.
“I got pregnant after eight years of dating and had my daughter. Something I never wanted to do was leave her and my husband behind so I never got married knowing that I would hurt him when I left for the three years. During the three years I was here I kept her safe from everything. She learned to fight from a master in China. I told her it was the red room. She is quiet and scared of everything. She couldn’t master her powers though. Her’s are different from my powers.
Neville helped Luna on to her feet and started running down after the others. Hand in hand.
“She’s not in her head. Please. Steve. Let’s do this the right way.” Tony begged. “What if she tries to hurt Peter?”
Clint nodded and smiled.
Everyone in the school was around watching the two embrace one another while whispering. Reporters were already showing up at the school wanting to get information. Pepper was already handling the reporters telling them to leave. The crowd getting even more excited when the rest of the Avengers (but Spider-Man) came into the school.
The press was eating it up alive. They all wanted pictures of the hurt heroes from the battle. “Dr. Banner is inside,” Clark Kent told him and followed them keeping his camera on them the whole time.
“Good. Tony, Steve I promise they are in good hands. Just go out I don’t want you to have to watch.” Bruce begged them.
“About time you thought that. I am the superior parent,” Tony told him and grabbed his briefcase walking to the elevator. “Finish this in court. Oh, right. 100% will.”
“They don’t have a changing area in the men's room! We are just supposed to know that the nearest changing room is what did you say six stores over! Sorry, about!”
Luna looked up at him. “Did you know them?”
She started wheezing. Fully going into panic mode. Feeling that all of life itself was starting to drain out of her mind. Physically she began to pale and sink to the floor on her knees.
“I don’t want to cry! I want to fight! I want to fight for my family. My husband and my daughter. For the adults who act like our kids! I will fight it. I swear I will.”
I protected myself while keeping tabs on Peter. I forced myself to be born early so then Peter and I wouldn’t be twins and no one would ever think of it. I took the syringe out of my bag that I have carried for the past three and inserted it into the toddler's body.
“He is stable… but I am going to need blood from the twins.” Bruce looked around. “Where are your kids?”
“No, we are going to get ice cream with our new bracelets. Duh, of course, we are.” Sam rolled his eyes and leaned back on the wall. “It was nice knowing you why we had the chance.”
“Fine. I’m halfway there anyway.” Tony told her and hung up.
Steve got up. “I wanna know everything that’s happened with her. Where am I, Bucky?”
Four things, you feel: “Floor.” Luna took a deep breath gripping her knees tighter. “Desktop, my cane, and shirt.”
“How were we supposed to know he would go to your tower?” Clint asked him and rubbed his back. “The twins will be alright. You heard Bruce these are the best surgeons in the world.”
She sniffled and her voice sounded muffled with tears. “Yes, I did very much.”
“He said all three of us. Peter is coming. Eye patch wants all of us.” Tony rolled his eyes and took Steve’s hand.
“After the hearing, she got in the car. I turned to talk to whoever one of there friends were asked if they wanted to join us. I turned around and she was gone. I believe his name was Bucky.” The man told him and sat down. “The whole time she was with me it was like she was changing, She was quiet for the first two weeks. Not talking to me or my sons. Then she started becoming confused the third-week asking questions. This week it seemed like she forgot everything, she didn’t even speak.”
“Language…”
The courtroom was just allowing people in when Peter walked into the room. As soon as he saw Tony he let go of May Parker’s hand and sprinted to him. “DAD!” Peter screamed making every head turn in the room.
Luna nodded and laid her head on his shoulder curling into him closer. The blood in her hair went on his shirt.
“Queens is in big poverty right now so many homes are being targeted for crime,” Peter told him and looked around. “The little guy deserves to be helped as well as the whole world.”
Steve yawned and looked over at her. “Good morning, princess.”
Bruce disappeared leaving Tony alone in the living room. “Hey, Jarvis. Find me three archers of land in the middle of nowhere. Then buy it and build me a five-bedroom home. We are going to need to hide. Just don’t furnish it, please.”
Luna ran behind him with the others as black smoke surrounded them. The smoke took everyone, but Harry who stood there clueless. Luna stood there quietly knowing in a kidnapping situation not to talk or move unless someone asks you too. It’s better to be safe than dead.
Peter jumped and began to wail from Sam’s yelling thrashing his arms and legs. Tony began to rock him back and forth slowly. “Shh… I know Sam is a real jackass for waking you up. Tell him if he does it again that he will change your first dirty stinky diaper. Tell him, Peter.”
“No, you don’t!” Tony sniffled and gripped the collar of his shirt. “You don’t love me. You left me. After you said forever and always. I hate that I thought you were mine; always and forever. I can’t move on. Our children need familiar faces. Not the ones I bring home after finding them. I haven’t had sex since you found Bucky and you left me. I should have known when you started not sleeping in our room. Or being home longer than four hours.”
Luna leaned into his touch and grabbed his other hand. “Promise me you’ll come back, safe. Swear it to me.”
Jarvis spoke. “Sir, Mr. Parker is requesting to come into your room. He seems distressed.”
“You guys look so young… I’m sorry I put you through hell.” She told them and walked over a bit more. “I am V.M.R-S. better known as Violet Maria Rogers-Stark, CEO and runner of Stark Industries from the year 2022 to 2061 when I ended the company.” She held out her hand, but no one took it.
Violet tensed and looked at the dishes more intense. “No, sir. I-I need to clean the floor myself. Then they will be proud and I will gain honor for my mother's sins.”
One week came and went like it was nothing. Four weeks came and went with each day dragging its feet. On the eighth week, Luna left the ‘home’ part of the compound and went into S.H.I.E.L.D.S. part. After telling Happy that she was leaving to go to school with Peter driving her she got away from the pair. She was sick and tired of waiting for her Pops to come home.
DON'T LIKE DON'T READ
Tony nodded and leaned back into the seat. “I missed you guys so much. I think all the excitement is just...” Tony didn’t really know what was going on. He felt happier than he has in years. His chest was being filled by love making the sadness go away.
“Okay!” Luna skipped to her bedroom.
“Lu, come on out… it’s okay. You're beautiful… no matter how much you cry,” Peter told her from the other side of the door as he slowly opened the door. Going inside he sat down next to her. “You okay…? I know that was a bit much even for your dad…”
Bucky sat up from the stretcher looking up at Steve, “T-they took him…”
Luna packed everything she could in her book bag. She made sure Purple was going to fit in her bag. In the school's handbook they give out to the muggle parents said that she would need a trunk for just her robes and uniforms. They also made a map of Diagon Alley for them as well to help get everything else she needed.
“J-Just us… and Lu,” Tony mumbled gripping the blanket. His body was starting to slowly shut down. Every breath was getting harder and harder to take. Not even the oxygen mask could make it easier for him. He was cold all the time now. He hated every second of it. “S-she needs to hurry… home.”
It took the medical crew ten minutes to get Tony in the helicopter. Everyone joined them not caring about what Tony said. They told Tony that they were going to join them no matter what. The group knew that Steve was going to need support. Tony looked out the window the whole flight watching the sun slowly rise. The flight was five minutes.
All Steve could do was a nod. “I’m ready to start a family with you. Let’s dive in head first.”
“Fine.” Tony kissed his husbands head and left the room sitting on the couch. Tony couldn’t help but think of the worst. The number one being that maybe Steve’s body was finally giving out on him since he is 130 years old.
Steve rolled his eyes. “How should we dress?”
She nodded laying her head onto her knees. “I-I have to… go plan for, Papa. He won’t be able too. He needs to be remembered forever. He is a legend...”
“Tony, please stay here and rest. We need you better not dead, Tony.” Steve pleaded with him.
“After you all wash your hands you can touch the angle,” Tony told them and smiled turning around at the door. “That must be the newbies.” Tony opened the door and saw the eight standing there. “Hello, you guys must be the party goers. I’m Tony, Tony Stark-Rogers.”
Steve walked out from the bedroom fake smiling at her. “Right here. I just finished packing.”
Luna began trembling while running into his arms wrapping her arms around him. Newt rubbed the back of her leg licking the skin on her leg that was visible. “Happy…”
Luna looked at him. “I kissed his cheek not even his lips. Dad, please. I’m sorry. I’m only human and I have feelings too.”
Luna smiles and sat in the empty spot holding her book bag close to her chest. “Nice to meet you all. I’m sorry if I’m intruding on your privacy.”
“The Stark Industry robots are already out fixing everything. I called them out when we were on the way back here.” Tony told him and stood up.
Luna cried into his shoulder making his t-shirt wet. “Where’s Aunt Pepper?”
“I’m glad. Can I pay for that picture? Also, when can we take her home. Luna Elizabeth is destined to be a Stark-Rogers.” Tony told her and set Luna into Steve’s arms carefully.
Tony kneeled and picked up Peter kissing his cheek. “Yes, I did see. Is Papa with you?”
The drive home was quiet decides the music blaring AC/DC and sometimes classical music, but it was normally skipped after the first minute of playing. “What time is the party?” She asked looking away from the window to her parents.
“I’m honored you thought of us man. We will take care of the little Stark-Rogers. We have so many stories to tell her that it’ll be like you never died.” Bucky told them and walked over putting his hand on top of their shoulders. “You can trust us to make sure she will be taken care of. I swear on my life.”
“Never in a million years,” Tony told him and stepped into the lab.
Tony sat with the kids and watched the performance. He noticed once the performance was over Steve still wasn’t back. “Kids sit here. I’m gonna go check on, Papa.”
Peter smiled under the mask and blushed. “Thanks.”
“S-se’ u’...” Tony laid his head on Steve’s shoulder taking his last breath. His hand slowly losing its grip on Steve’s. Steve let go of all his worries into the tears that poured down his face finally. He wouldn’t cry until Tony died. It wasn’t fair to Tony that he was dying and had to see everyone's sadness.
“What do you like doing, Violet?” Steve asked and ate a cookie himself while looking at her then back to Peter.
Seeing the surprise on Tony's face, he softened. “Look, it’s been a long day and this –,” he said, moving his hand to indicate both of them. “This is hard for me, but here’s the thing and it’s the truth – I’m glad that he chose you.”
She deflecting the question with one of her own. "Would you?" she asked in a low voice as a smile played on her lips.
A monster – that was what he was.
He had to lure the emperor away from Steve and his friends, even if it meant duelling the monster alone. After everything, it had come down to this. It was time – for Tony to embrace the prophecy and his role in it.
He fingered the carving of the beaver, MIT’s mascot, recalling the words the president had spoken before the presentation ceremony.
The young lady replied, “Hen rhinka daor. Issa ia Stark. Issi aegenka smyth. Iksi separ collasi odres.”
Steve laughed.
“I don’t know. Talk? Anything in particular you want to say to me?”
“Ow!” he exclaimed, when he bumped into something.
Tony huffed.
“Steve!” he cried as he flung himself at the alpha, throwing his arms around his neck. “I thought you were dead!”
was a revelation. His mind spun with the words of the prophecy:
“I’m sorry to do this, but I had no other place to crash,” he said, showing Tony a message [SHIELD compromised].
“What?” he asked. “It always ends in a fight.”
She probed deeper, and narrowed her focus on Tony’s personal journey into becoming a dragon, going by the assumption that the heartstone had played a part.
“Dad used to say that the moment you think you know what’s going on in a woman’s head, is when your goose is well and truly cooked.”
And when Steve held up his empty plate and shyly asked him for
“Seriously, punk? You have never been a
Blue eyes flew open and the young man made a strangled sound in his throat.
Steve coughed and dutifully averted his eyes.
“How are you feeling?” Steve asked, his voice raspy from disuse.
“A cold war would do it too,” Tony said. He surveyed her red-rimmed eyes and the stiff smile on her face, indicating that she, like Steve, had been a victim.
“Steve!” Tony shouted, as he brandished the dagger in his hand. As the tentacle rose and closed the distance between them, Tony hurled the weapon at Steve, who caught it by the handle, which was a tight wrapping of silk. On the other end, venom dripped from what had been the fang of a basilisk. “Go for the head,” he said.
"Yep," Steve answered as he tightened his grip of his warm arms and strong thighs around Tony’s neck. “Eyes up, stay sharp,” he added, urging Tony to turn his head back to face their enemy.
“When I woke up in this era, I had no one, nothing. You – you gave me a purpose, somewhere to belong. A home. You made me - a shield. And I - I took the one thing you made for yourself. The only thing you care about,” he said, hiding his face in his hands.
The God of Mischief gave the map a withering look. “Where's the enemy?” he asked, with a deep sigh.
Bucky and Sam grabbed hold of his arms. "This is hysteria!” Ronan cried.
Steve let out a sigh and bit his lip. “It’s just that – this marr - union was so we could destroy the threat that was Thanos. And now – ,” he paused and swallowed with difficulty, as he carefully avoided making eye contact. “We never discussed what would happen after that.”
“He’s made it to Freoport, despite the delays from burnt bridges and scorched roads,” Sam translated.
Watching Obie plunge to his death was like having his heart ripped out of him for the second time in the same day. But the moment he breathed his last was when Tony felt like he could breathe, really breathe again.
Back at the tower, they watched the video feed from a drone circling their home.
“No, not yet,” Steve told him, somewhat regretfully. "I know I’ll love it.”
“Didn’t carbon date the guy, but he’s uh - on the young side.” Everyone was, compared to Steve, anyway. “And let’s just say tall, dark, kind of handsome,” Tony mumbled, preoccupied with putting the gauntlet safely away. Twelve per cent of it was true. An argument could be made for fifteen.
“Uh- You know I’m like a sure thing, don’t you?” he tried, feeling his way around this strange, new situation.
The din of arms rose high, with the rousing shouts of warriors and the neighing of horses surging around them. Horns were blown and trumpets brayed, and it gave the warriors the courage to charge bravely past the fading Shield of Seraphim.
“You take my breath away.”
She nodded, tightening the bowtie around his collar, like a noose around the neck, sealing his fate.
“I don’t know, Steve. I’m not ready,” he said, the panic rising within him.
“Aye. Call it, Cap,” Clint shouted.
“No drink? You sure? We’re all having one.” Tony said, and gaped openly at Thor who was slurping his coffee noisily, clearly enjoying the beverage.
. But Tony could tell that there was more.
“Thanks,” he said to the Hulk, who grunted, and tossed him back at the beast’s head.
The Sorcerer Supreme raised a brow, as he waited patiently for an elaboration of some sort.
Tony swallowed and looked visibly uncomfortable at being put on the spot. “Look! I’ve been trying! But we never get time alone. And whose fault is that?” Tony retorted, as he shot another glare at Strange.
The dragon lowered his head and whispered in Steve’s ear. “Steve, it’s just
Steve stared after Tony’s retreating figure, and his gaze lingered on his silhouette until it vanished, leaving Steve to deal with the charred remains of what had once been their home, to suffocate and choke on the words he never got to say, but just as quickly as it had started, the fire began to subside, and the only traces of the raging inferno were embers slowly dying in the grate.
“Pretty much everyone in this room, yes,” Steve answered. “And Bucky too. He’s probably suffered the most for it, could someday write a book on our swashbuckling adventures.”
Tony had no idea Steve was a
Tony approved. That sounded nice. He'd probably say
Sarah's blue eyes clouded over. “We’ve been at war,” she said. “It’s turned our boys into men. Steve was only ten when he tried to enlist. They’d turned him away, of course. With his list of health problems. Thought they were saving his life.”
He was about to use his last lifeline (phone-a-spouse) when power came back and he swept away from the ground narrowly, soaring upwards amidst his shrieks of triumph.
He followed Tony towards the dining table, where the parts of the turntable were laid out. “Ah. I see. You broke the stylus.”
“Right?” Steve said, looking pleased at the words. “I could have stuck the landing better. It’s just the new armour,” he added modestly, and broke out of Tony’s embrace to indicate the chainmail, before he remembered how Tony had been the one who made it. “It’s nothing. It’s perfect. Thank you.”
“Tony, come back. Please.”
He was merely driving across the Brooklyn Bridge to a coffeehouse, where he would meet the young omega hero who'd helped them during an armed robbery. Tony had to admit it was pretty impressive - leaping off a rooftop onto a gunman's shoulder, giving Howard the opportunity to disarm the thug and hep his wife to safety, before seeking help from a police constable.
“Steve!” Tony shouted as he darted after him, but Pietro was in the way, with the shield in his hand. From over Pietro’s shoulder, he could see Steve lying in a lifeless heap, after possibly hitting his head against one of the marble pillars.
At that point, the beast let out an ear-piercing wail, convulsing uncontrollably on the deck.
Steve’s gaze followed the lines of his neck toward his chest, resting for a few moments on his abdomen, before his bright blue eyes widened in horror. The king drew his sword, and pointed it at Tony's armoured chest.
“Lillian. Lip piercing, right?” she asked, raising one plucked, grey brow. “I gotta say, she’s attractive. And the metal is a draw.”
“It’s not so hard,” she said, smiling cheerfully at Tony over the rim of her teacup. “Compromise when you can. And when you can’t, don’t.”
Outside, the sky was on fire and Tony’s face was aglow with the last of the day’s rays. While twilight was upon them, the setting sun, together with the stars it would bring, was a promise that daylight would return after a long, dark night.
“Which model are we up to already?”
“It’s time,” Tony said as he took Steve’s arm firmly and marched (with) him into a room of radiant faces and thunderous applause, which only died down as they walked up the platform to address their guests.
“Exactly,” Tony confirmed.
“Avengers Tower is about to become a beacon of self-sustaining clean energy.”
This includes some mention of dubious medical practices /quackery inspired by historical medical treatments. I have no idea how accurate they are, except that I came across those examples a number of times when I did research and they happened to fit the story, so... please ignore any inaccuracies. Thank you very much!
Steve laughed at the admission, relieved he hadn’t been the only one. “You mean them, don’t you? The vows?” he asked, because he had to be sure.
Steve’s own cheeks burned with the memory of the other night, when he’d burst into Tony’s room to find his bewildered husband soaking in the tub, under the cover of bubbles. Instead of leaving Tony to bathe in peace, Steve had insisted on adding hot stones to the tub, only to be so shocked by the scalding water it caused him to brush against bare skin. Needless to say, Steve had fled from the bathroom in favour of a cold shower instead.
A well-placed kick to his abdomen sent the Anguisian plunging from the cliff, and they continued to hear his screams long after he vanished.
“The bond. Warm days and cold nights, though it was hard to tell the time with the hours you kept. You didn’t sleep very much, did you?”
that enabled Strange to fly, The
All that was left was the press conference. With the information he’d leaked, rumours were circulating, about him being more than the suit’s maker. So, the conference was nothing more than a formality, an official confirmation of his identity.
Without waiting for an introduction, Thor took hold of Steve’s hand and clasped it warmly. “Steve Rogerson,” he said, as he thumped him on his back. “Word of your valiant deeds have travelled far and wide across the nine realms. Today, I am honoured to make your acquaintance.”
“Nope. Don’t really have much time to meet people, and the ones I do meet are really nice. I mean they must be if they’re even willing to overlook this,” he added, gesturing to all of himself. “But – I don’t know. Maybe I am being picky, like everyone says, but is it so wrong to want something more?”
Tony messes up and Steve gives him a present.
It was barely a strain on his eidetic memory. The last and only time that had worked was a long time ago, when he was three.
Tony looked pointedly at the heavy bags under his eyes. “Better than you.”
He took a long, last look at Tony’s mussed-up hair, his red eyes and wet cheeks, and committed his image to his memory. For a few moments, they gazed at each other through their tears, neither knowing if and when they’d meet again. At the sound of a small explosion, Tony fled, and left behind the home they’d built and shared together, now going up in flames.
“Nope,” Tony said. “There's no room in his heart for a
“Not in a position to ask for anything,” Steve said. “But I’ll tell you my priorities. Being honest? I hope, yes. Building trust? We have to, at all costs. And maybe not dying would be nice.”
“Where are you going?” Steve shouted, running after the prince.
(See the end of the chapter for
So, he clapped his hands.
“It is more than what others would have tried. You will make a fine king,” Steve said, and silently pledged to back the young man’s claim to the throne, as was his birthright.
A growing group of people was also walking briskly, or running, in the opposite direction. And while Tony initially thought they were just overly excited to explore what downtown Brooklyn had to offer, their pale faces told him something was wrong. The pervasive stench of smoke began to feel almost suffocating, but what truly alarmed him were the blood-curdling screams and the loud crackling sounds of –
Tony was awake, revived by the Infinity Spell.
Tony rolled his eyes before closing them, angling his face upwards.
He chose to begin with a warning shot. Maybe they could talk this over like the adults they were, and the escalating situation could be defused.
“Stop joking,” Steve scolded. “You could have died.”
. Steve knew a little bit about lodestones himself, having had some success with his latest spinners. Yet, the way the shield moved defied all explanation.
A song of ❄️ and 🔥 .
“Of the Asgardian mead aged for a thousand years in the barrel made from the wood of Brunhilde’s fleet? You ought to sit down,” Tony said, and took the spot beside him.
He knew that date. He knew that car. He knew that road.
“Hi,” Steve began, tightening the hold on his hand.
Tony laughed. “See, that is exactly the sort of thing Steve does. And he gets away with it too. It’s not fair. Life is just so much easier when you’re an alpha,” he added.
The garden was a world of its own, with specimens from various parts of the world brought together to bloom in harmony, like Valoria and her open borders, welcoming peaceful travellers from all corners of the world with wide arms.
Armestria, her neighbour in the north, shimmered with silver and gleamed with gold. And when sunlight bounced off her land, it sparkled with the light of precious jewels gifted by the gods. The mountains of Armestria were troves of treasure, yet it was iron ore that her people mined in large volumes. Expert craftsmen toiled in the furnaces and smelted the metal for steel, which they used to forge swords, shields and armour, and they were the finest weapons in the seven realms.
Tony ran a search for the truck that the SHIELD agents had shoved Steve and Nat into. Hill and Coulson continued talking as he worked on tracking them down.
Jarvis rolled up his sleeves, to put on the kettle and spill the tea. “It wasn’t her first time. She started with the small things, and thereafter got bolder. She’d literally put the silver spoons in her pocket. I can’t imagine what she was thinking.”
“Do you want to have kids some day?” Tony blurted out, surprising them both.
“Don’t go!” Steve murmured, as he clung tightly to Tony’s wrist.
The would-be executioner turned his attention to Tony, shooting at his suit in a chorus of dings, so he punched him into the air.
"This is fear.”
“Yes,” Steve said, with Tony’s safety at the forefront of his mind. “You should.”
Steve looked exhausted and so ready to have a nap. And Tony considered holding his fire, putting off the confrontation to another day. He could use the extra time to build his arsenal, sharpen his knives. But he had a tactical advantage, the element of surprise, and the opportunity to launch the first strike.
was the one thing he never understood. Already, Thanos was the most powerful dragon in the realm, so why was his heart set on that last stone?
He paused to catch his breath, and swayed a little, so Tony steadied him with an arm around his shoulder, and in exchange, he received a small nod of gratitude.
Nick winked in response, asking him if he kissed his husband with that mouth while Tony continued to gape in disbelief as he looked at the scanner with his dead eye, granting himself full access to the system.
And someone who read a lot of books.
Nourished by sweat and blood of fallen warriors, the rich grounds of the Gladioli Fields had always been a strategic Valorian battleground. Just ten miles from Shieldberg, the injured could be conveyed fairly swiftly on horseback. In defeat, their flag would be lowered from the towering mast on top of the steep terraced slopes, which would give the city’s inhabitants precious time to escape through the catacombs.
They stared at each other.
He punched through a wall, found Bakaar.
"Thanks, Mom.” He kissed her softly on her cheek, just before Jarvis arrived to take him to the entrance of the church, where their guests had gathered.
Steve’s arms fell limply to his sides, and Bucky brushed past him to kneel beside Nat’s body and take her into his arms. “Natalia, please. It’s me, Bucky. It’s James.”
That breathed fire.
“Call me Rich,” the stranger insisted.
Tony laughed. “Who else knows?”
“Well, you made the Jericho missile and that ended the war, so I’d say you’re the real hero, Mr. Stark. You are a true patriot.”
“Ah. The evershining forest spirits,” Tony murmured with a knowing smile.
He was going to show him.
Tony couldn’t help the sound of surprise that escaped his lips. It was one thing
“I’ll be outside some more,” he said, walking off toward their horses, because he had no problems watching them push a man off a cliff he but couldn’t stand to see Steve in another person's arms.
“Well. I really wouldn’t know now, would I?” Steve said, smiling fondly back at him as he squeezed his hand.
“Arrows and
If the barrier came down for any reason, they would fall back on their regular formation. The cavalry would lead the charge, flanked by archers on both sides, and the melee troops would be right behind, ready to finish off the horsemen who’d fallen from their steeds.
Pietro shook his head in denial of the compliment. “There’s blood on our hands,” he explained with grave eyes and a solemn face. “It’s the least we can do.”
Staring closely at the smoke trickling out of his nostrils, Tony mumbled the first words that came to mind. “Tony - he’s inside.”
“That was dramatic,” Obie said, and looked slightly put out, as he pulled up beside him. “Tony?” he asked, turning sideways to look at him.
In the quiet of the antechamber, where the only audible sounds were Steve’s footsteps pacing the room, Tony could hear the joyful sounds of merrymaking inside the Great Hall.
He eyed the robots at the foot of his bed, the damned useless machines, which had once given Steve a glimpse of who he was.  Tony had been euphoric that night, when Steve had told him he was a mechanic. He was thrilled at having found a kindred spirit, someone who understood.
Tony enjoyed their conversation, but as the minutes passed, he found it harder to pay attention. Not that the man was boring. On the contrary, he was quite charismatic. And Tony loved talking about research. But something in the air was making him want to close his eyes.
Steve sank down beside him and leaned his back against the trunk. “You had me riding around in circles. If I didn’t know better, I’d say you were trying to run away."
“You’re Tony Stark.”
“Yeah. Kind of (not really) like Luke’s landspeeder. You
“I – I didn’t know,” Steve whispered in a rough voice as his eyes began to glisten.
And it was to this life that they were sending their only son.
“Good talk,” Steve said, before pressing a soft kiss to his forehead and closing the face plate.
“Why? You’re just going to want to take it off,” Tony teased.
The dragon let out a giggle. “It’s kind of a funny story, but all my life, actually,” the dragon said, and Steve could see that he was telling the truth.
“So, Tony, what are you going to do about Captain Rogers?” Ana asked, putting a stop to the retching noises he was making in the background. “You going to compromise? Because I’ve decided I quite like it after all.”
“Four,” Thor corrected, opening a cube-shaped box, to present a blue gem to Tony. “The iristone, one of two in existence. I present to you for safekeeping.
“Loki - ” Steve began.
one, according to Steve. While Steve and Bucky - were a match made in heaven.
“What about us?” Natasha asked.
“Yes,” he answered, and forced the corners of his lips into a tight smile. “You’re here, happy and well. What more can I want?”
Through Steve’s clear, blue eyes, Tony could almost see the gears turning inside his head to weaken his steely resolve.
“I will?”
Tony watched, amazed, as the pieces of his armour came flying through the broken window toward him. The left repulsor glove was the first to attach itself to his ring, before the left arm plates. Then the chest plate came on, and the right arm plate too. The right repulsor glove was next, followed by the thigh guards and jet boots. The helmet linked itself up from behind. Tony never saw it coming. Finally, the face plate came on, attaching itself smoothly to the helmet in the flipped-up position.
“You’re brave, Tony. And very strong. I’m so proud of you and everything you’ve done. But, listen to me, you don’t have to do this anymore. You’ve saved the world, ridded it of its monsters. The suit is a nuclear deterrent. And we can take it from here.”
Hi! This is the fifth chapter of this story. Thank you to the amazing Serinah for all her wonderful suggestions, which made this so much better!!! 💜 Thank you, also, to the lovely AvengersNewB for bearing with me and all my whining. I lob you both! 💜
“Enough!” Steve roared. “You talk too much,” he added more quietly.
Tony took a deep breath. The concealer must have rubbed off. 24-hour coverage was such a lie. “Uh- I may have kind of- well not kind of- I didn't want to do as Dad asked.”
An unexpected wave of homesickness washed over him. “Thank you,” he said, feeling his eyes getting wet.
Steve blinked his eyes before looking beyond the garden. “It was so long ago. And we were very young. But yes, I suppose it might have been love.”
“Yeah,” Bucky agreed. “When we were captured, you went behind enemy lines to rescue us. Sam, me – all of us - we’re alive today because of you. And when the dreadnought threatened to crash on our shores, you commandeered their ship and sank it to the bottom of the ocean, with nary a thought for your life.”
Tony laughed nervously, his instincts telling him that something was wrong.
Bruce was by his side, handkerchief in hand. “How are you feeling?” he asked, as he dabbed away the beads of perspiration gathered on Steve’s forehead.
“You know, Tony? When I looked out over the city that night that I waited for you on the rooftop, nobody knew I was there. Nobody could see me. No one was even looking. I had a thought that would guide me for years to come. Anonymity, Tony. Thanks to you, it’s been my mantra. You rule from behind the scenes. Because once you give the people a face, you hand them a target. And I see that you’ve learnt how wonderful it is, to hide, to wait, until it’s the right time.”
“Then, it will be the noblest ending in history.”
Yes, he could fly.
A N T H O N Y S T A R K
"Home?" Steve asked, breathlessly, as if unable to believe his ears.
First, he tried listing pi’s decimal places:
There were the constant reminders to take it easy, and to rest, which he promptly cast aside. Pacing around in tight circles kept the fatigue out of his limbs and gritty eyes were warded off by the occasional bout of tears.
The room had filled up completely with smoke and visibility was zero. Steve had to fumble for the medallion, and strain his eyes for its signature blue glow.
In that moment, Steve felt the urge to do the same, but a wave of exhaustion swept over him, and drowned his sluggish body in what felt like tar.
As if cursed by some obscure magic, their warriors began to keel over, one by one, wide-eyed and unmoving, like rocks.
He shrugged, trying to stay objective. “Those babies would be gorgeous.”
“Then- How- ,” Tony asked, struggling with the words. “What kind of sorcery is this?”
“Tony!”
“Why wouldn’t I?” Tony asked, as he looked worriedly at Steve’s motionless body from between the emperor’s thick legs.
I'm going to try to have the next chapter up in three weeks and the last one three weeks after that, but no promises, you know my situation. :p
“What the hell is that?” Steve shouted, as something heavy slammed into him and slithered ponderously toward the mainmast.
"Indeed," Tony replied, somewhat flatly. While it was a relief that Steve hadn't condemned dragons as a whole, he made it clear that he was frightened of them.
Concerned about snapping her only link to the heartstone, Wanda paused, as if to give him a breather, so Tony sucked in a deep breath and tried to breathe through the lingering pain. Scarcely had Tony regained control over his breathing before she was back inside his head, as her red eyes bored through his with a calm look of determination.
In the dense vegetation, Steve lost sight of him a number of times, relying only on the sporadic sound of a cracking branch or a soft chuckle to know he was near. Several times, he got close but Tony always managed to elude him. Steve was amused. And proud. It was a test. Tony wanted to see what he was made of.
Thank you to the amazingly-talented march_hyde (AO3) /
“It’s an octopus,” Steve said.
Tony scoffed. “You have a big gun. You are not -. Fine,” he sighed. “You go on up. I’ll draw them in.”
A few beeps and some oscillations. DUM-E was shaking his head.
Jarvis had just about finished pouring tea into their cups when they returned with dessert. “Lemon cake,” he said, cheerfully accepting the plate from Tony. Then, he turned to Ana, casually asking, “Have we got more lemons, darling?”
And he didn’t need to do it alone.
“Steve!” the dragon cried in surprise, stepping back in alarm.
But Jarvis knew. He knew everything.
. Proving they were the lowest of the low. Whatever tiny misgivings Tony had about his mission vaporised.
They clashed in a tangle of wings and talons, and Rhodey and Killian sought each other out in a dance of ice and fire, leaving Tony and Peter to battle Ivan.
“We’ve got a nuke coming in and I know just where to put it,” he cried, fearing that the transmission would cut off any second. He was getting higher now.
“No, don’t. It’s dark.”
Smirking at the rather simplistic explanation, Loki cut in. “Have you ever heard the tragedy of Rex Divinus?”
Tony frowned as he tried to recall a name. Something sinister-sounding. Along the lines of ‘Rich Villain”.
“You know what I want,” Thanos said.
“I mean - I already do. It’s lively and charming. A lovely fa – place. It’s full of surprises,” Steve said. “You must find it very dull here,” he added.
Tony laced his fingers with Steve’s. “That explains. Now I know why when I met you – again, it felt like I’d known you all my life.”
“And I said
“And what else?” Tony pressed.
“You think you might have children some day?” Maria continued, taking a sip of her drink. She made a face, which made Tony laugh, then promptly swept her marshmallows into his cup.
“As long as I don’t have to take the stairs,” he explained while Rhodey raced over to pick him up.
He heard a commotion on the roof. He flew out the broken window, and found Steve and Killian fighting it out.
They exchanged a long look.
It was to be a long, hard wait.
The flyers on their team would watch the Black Order closely, and take them on should they manage to break past Strange’s shield. Clint was to team up with the Hulk and take down the bigger combatants, like the trolls and stone-giants.
. The shoulder blades ached with unbearable pressure until they burst forth with gold-gilded wings. His chest filled with triumph which he released with a roar and a bolt of fire into the sky. Finally, he spread his wings, raising them up and bringing them down at the same time.
“I don’t understand. How can you approve, and not approve, of me at the same time?” he asked Fury, who wanted to see him (alone) after deploying Steve and Nat somewhere in the middle of the Indian Ocean.
“I don’t know about that,” Steve muttered.
Whenever Steve got closer, Glaive would twist his neck and snap his ugly maw at him, which forced the king to slip lower on the rough, uneven scales to stay out of reach. Finally, frustrated with taking two steps forward and three steps back, Steve leapt into the air and landed on Glaive’s shoulders. From this new position, he wielded his shield against Glaive’s skull, and the dragon began to thrash wildly from side to side.
Tony willed himself to do something. Anything. As long as it didn’t involve dying. He couldn’t die. He just couldn’t. What would happen to his sweet, precious Steve if something happened to him? And where was that stinking dragon when you really needed him? If he was planning to make an entrance at the last second, this was it. This was the last, last second.
quiet. It’s a peculiar sensation, one that he hadn’t experienced since –
“Sorry, did you just agree with me?” Steve asked, taking in a deep breath.
They never did.
Most of the shrapnel had been removed but bits of them were embedded in his heart. An electromagnet prevented the metal from moving towards his atrial septum and killing him.
Tony swallowed a giggle, and acting purely on instinct, he leaned forward and licked the side of Steve’s face. The king’s hand flew to his face and he stared at him in shock. Waving, Tony turned to step inside the cave and began to move. All Tony wanted to do was to find his medallion, and become human again. But the way back proved to be even more difficult, with his eyelids drooping and his feet getting heavier with each step he took.
Huge thanks to Serinah and AvengersNewB for not letting me give up on this. Thank you to everyone for reading and leaving me encouragement along the way. I don't think I could have finished this without your feedback and kind words.
“I need a minute,” Steve panted, tirelessly knocking out their adversaries before they could get close to Tony.
“You have a lot of demands,” Tony huffed, and looked slightly cross.
But, how could it be? They’d talked about it before and Tony had explained it:
"It is,” Tony agreed, as relief and exhaustion coursed through his body. Using magic was taking up a lot of his energy and Tony had never felt more tired in his life. “Look, it’s been a long day. I’m going back inside the cave and then, Tony will be back out. Okay?”
He was Iron Man.
“He doesn’t know, does he?” Stane said, once they were out of earshot. When Tony shook his head, he continued, “Go on, then. He’s not watching. Here’s your chance.”
Steve didn’t seem to hear him, eyes fixed on the ring on his finger. “You’re wearing it,” he observed quietly.
Steve cut him off. “This is for you,” he said, pushing the wooden box into Tony’s hand. “It’s not much, but I’ve worked on it a long time. I don’t even know why I’m giving it to you, especially now. I can only hope it makes you happy, just as you’ve made me, even if only for a while.”
Steve looked him over, before deflecting, coolly, “
“And I’m going to hunt,” Steve said, as he picked up Nat’s spear and moved toward the bow.
Against the red of his shirt, he barely noticed, but his hands, his wedding band, were soon covered in blood. Red on gold. Then gold on red. White spots in his vision. Before it all went black.
“You’re just jealous Apollo made me an arm.”
when you were locked up in an ivory tower. But Steve had been out here, in the midst of all these attractive men and women...
Just as the last of the civilians had scrambled to safety, Fury’s voice came on his personal line. “Iron Man, a nuke is headed directly for the city of New York.”
“Don’t be. I’m here now. I will take care of you. You need to rest, Tony. Bath now. Then bed.” His voice was soft but it allowed no room for arguments.
She would be. Ana loved her lemons. They both did, adding slices of them into their beverages and zesting all their desserts. And it was just like Jarvis to always be on the lookout for ways to make her happy.
They remained in the embrace, forehead-to-forehead, for what felt like an eternity. Tony had to tear his eyes away, under the impression that he was intruding. He had to leave. “I’ll be outside,” he told Sam.
have pop-tarts in our larder,” Steve corrected.
were twenty barges of haystacks that were steered by a handful of fishermen.
He was falling in love with Steve. It was just too bad that Steve didn’t love him back.
“No one quite knows how Rex came to be. Some say that six elemental crystals collided in space, creating a magic egg, and out of this egg, Rex was hatched. The elements bent to his will, allowing him to manipulate fire, water, wind and lightning at his command. He could hide in plain sight, influence others, take down a whole kingdom in one night. You’d never see him coming.”
She did a good job of hiding her sorrow. Someone who didn’t know her might even say she glowed. But Tony knew how to recognise the cracks. And stars shone brightest just before they collapsed.
“Дружище (Friend)?” Tony asked.
, defenceless against her chokehold.
“Uh- We are. You’ll get your cube back. But what is Phase II?” Tony asked, looking as innocent as he could.
“Not yet. We’ve only just got to the intermission,” Loki explained. “The rest is yet to be written. But the roles have been cast and it’s time for the actors to take their places on the stage, before we raise the curtains once more.”
They were on their way to SI for a board meeting when Miss Everhart, a young reporter, went too far, or too near, getting into Tony’s face and asking him about being the “Merchant of Death”. Steve stepped in, physically shielding him from a barrage of other vaguely-insulting names (
In the midst of all that revelry, Tony lost sight of Steve, so he milled around aimlessly, and exchanged pleasantries with anyone who stopped for a chat.
“Any idea where Steve is?”
“Hulk, you smash,” Steve said, and the changeling smirked.
“Fuck me.”
As far as dragons went, it was medium-sized, with disproportionately large wings for long-distance flight. Its silver scales gleamed under the evening light, and its eyes and horns glowed a brilliant blue, illuminating the rest of its face, so they could make out its snout, which opened to let out a stream of mist directly at Tony’s barge to douse the growing flames.
by Lord Kong Ming.”
Bruce shut his eyes, rubbing his temples. “At least he has a flying suit of armour with top-of-the-line Stark weaponry.”
If Steve had a retort, he never got to say it, for the trio of beasts had made landfall.
It was a telescope.
It’s a statement, a candid one, that Tony had made many times. A statement which invariably provoked the same series of responses.
He hadn’t had those nightmares in a while, if one could even call them that. He never knew where the dreams ended and the memories began, the lines blurring with the years that had passed.
Any of those would fit, judging from the sorrowful look in his eyes.
Tony clung on desperately to his sleeve. “Don’t go,” he pleaded, with what felt like his last breath.
“And what about Ivan?” Pietro demanded, reminding them of the dracastrom who was killed when his lightning bolts bounced off Steve’s shield and back at him.
“You forgot the
“Steve?” he said, cheerfully, into the receiver.
Tony grimaced at the rank breath. “You lack conviction. You love nothing. You care for no one.”
“What about that girl from accounting? Laura?” Tony asked, back on his mission to find Nat a date. They were in a limousine, heading towards the Triskelion in their disguises.
, the
made them hot, so he couldn’t let them touch him. And their regenerative abilities made them practically impossible to kill. Medically though, they were sick. And he had the cure, hundreds of injectors in his backpack. He spilled the contents of his backpack all over the medical trolley.
“Right,” Steve said as he gazed around the room, at a sea of blank faces, then back at his husband.
“Red, it is, then.”
“Jarvis and Ana are already waiting for you in Malibu. I’ll meet you there once we’re done,” Steve assured him, squeezing his hand.
“Yes,” he said. “Steve has been very – kind.”
Through the smoke, Tony could make out the distinct figure of the handsome young man from before, cradling what looked like a baby in his arms. By some miracle, the young rescuer had made it down to the second floor, but while the path ahead was clear, ominous flames continued to lick capriciously from the ceiling as debris came crashing down.
“A carrot,” Natalia informed him as she picked up the broken halves and offered them to their horses. They made for a sight – a tangle of arms and legs, armour and weapons, but a wiser man was not to be fooled. These singing fools were the finest warriors south of the
“The right person, the - the one – for me,” Steve told him quietly, when their eyes met.
“Do you trust me?” Tony asked.
Before he could locate either Steve or Nat, he found the masked assassin, on another monitor, jumping off the freeway onto a car, crushing its roof and that of countless unfortunate others. He was objectively mesmerising to watch - good hair, killer thighs and trademark death strut. Finally, he hit the ground, striding purposefully in pursuit of his target.
Tony finds his way.
Bucky rolled his eyes. “Right. It isn’t. You’re just half of it.”
“Wow," Nat mouthed. "I hope you fight better than you flirt."
Steve shrugged. “It worked,” he said.
“Come here, Tony,” Steve said, pulling him close. “
“Right?” Tony agreed.
Steve pulled Sarah closer, and her small frame fit easily into his arms. He often wondered how she made it through those difficult years, raising a sickly child all by herself with no partner to catch her in her rare moments of weakness.
carriers.
Standing, he allowed her to help him into his black jacket, meant to protect him from the elements that chilly, autumn evening. It was just too bad the cold was on the inside.
A deep voice rumbled past him and echoed throughout the room. “I take it that the berserkers have failed.” When Thanos spoke again, his voice was beside Tony’s ear, and his hot breath was on his cheek. “But it’s brought you to me, at long last. I’ve waited so long to see you. And truly, you are magnificent.”
“I know,” Killian said, rifling through the trolley to find his backpack. “Big bad alpha does. He took your suit, and here you are, like a good little boy, bringing him this?” he said, pulling the shield out. “I told you, Tony. I would have given you the world.”
Bruce was the first to shuffle in, looking sheepish and washed out.
“Steve!” he shouted, and blew a jet of fire at the troll who had raised his big, hairy fist above the king’s head, all prepared to club him.
Clint held her arm, looking at her in concern. “Nat, I know how much he means to you. Stay out of this. You’ll only make it worse.”
,” Loki supplied helpfully.
Reluctantly, Tony picked up the papers in front of him and began reading.
“What do you think, J? Red? Or blue?”
signed off by one
“We’ve brought enough,” Midnight informed her with a withering smile. “Thanos will have that stone.”
“No-cake-for-a-month furious,” he agreed, laughing.
Fumbling with his toolbelt, he pulled out a small wooden box and placed it on Tony’s palm. Tony remembered it from his last night at Shieldberg.
And how was Steve ever going to hold a candle to Tyranaksthon, with his gleaming scales and majestic horns, his gifts of magic and fire and flight?
If Dragonrocke was designed to look like an army of dragons, the high tower had to be their king, with its impressive height and large wings carved in the shape of, well, wings.
Tony let out a huff. “Really? Steve? Now? Right now is when you choose to quote
“Ho - wha – how - how’d you even know about that?” he asked, bewildered. His secret identity was, thankfully, still very much a secret, with only the team having seen him in the suit.
“Peter?”
The clouds swirled together in a misty greeting, and welcomed Tony back to their embrace. Supported by the westerly winds, he glided ahead and was soon flying over the Dracarex Hylls, which hissed furiously, as they spewed ash and smoke all over the Midlands.
It was him.
“Just doing what needed to be done? Even if it puts you out of business?”
He was about to take his husband's hand, reassure him with a sincere and heartfelt declaration of love, but JARVIS came on. “Sir, Lieutenant-Colonel Rhodes is requesting access.”
“Plummeting to Earth in Loki’s glass cage.”
“Nope, but I get the feeling that’s not the last we’ll be seeing of him.”
Steve pulled him to his feet, and dragged his arms through the holes of his tunic. “The boat. We have to leave.”
And he came to realise there were three kinds of guardian angels. There were the Howard Starks, who drove you down well-trodden roads paved with good intentions. There were the Steve Rogerses who trailblazed through the wilderness to build you highways. And finally, there were the Edwin Jarvises, who gently guided lost children back onto their boulevards of mended dreams, one roundabout comment at a time.
“could have been worse-”
The corners of his thin violet lips turned up in a smirk. “But it is,” Thanos said lightly, and his voice reeked of confidence.
“You’re doing more than okay, Tony. You’re wonderful, really. And DUM-E is a great idea.”
Tony spotted it, right under a pile of gold coins, glowing with the trappings of magic, all on its own.
Tony’s ears perked up at the sound of footsteps. He had just about made it to the door when a violent explosion blew it wide open, sending him backward as flying shrapnel pierced his heart and burst the bubble he lived in. It would be the catalyst to spark an irrevocable chain of events.
Watching the easy way Nat talked and laughed with the other knights, one would never have guessed that she’d been born anywhere else. Her heart well and truly belonged to Valoria, in spite of the blood that ran in her veins, and since she'd arrived in Shieldberg two years ago, she’d risen quickly through the ranks, earning the king's trust and her place by his side.
Did you find all the anagrams? :D
Tony wondered how mad Steve was going to be. Steve was always nice to him, very patient and sweet, but he had to have a dark side. Everyone did. So maybe Tony just hadn’t seen it yet.
Nat, unfortunately, was not on board. “Upload the files, then find me a date.”
“I know you are. It will be all right. Wait here for me.”
Tony nodded his head slowly, careful not to hit Steve with his horns. “This is not goodbye.”
Tony grinned at the refernce to their little display at the World Exposition of Tomorrow. He remembered  how he and Howard had amazed the crowd by having a car levitate for a breath-taking five seconds, before it landed heavily with a loud clunk. Clearly, it had left quite the impression on this particular member of the audience.
Sam addressed the group. “Twenty ships. Just outside the Bay of Asterica. They make one last stop at Liberta. We have ten days, tops.”
“Tesaurimea,” he murmured into the dip of Steve’s neck. “I want this. I want you. You have no idea.”
Tony’s heart sank as he watched Steve walking away with purposeful strides.
He heard the thud before he saw Rhodey, looking suave in the suit he only completed the previous day. There was no time for a test run, but it obviously worked.
Tony looked just awestruck as he was. “Just tea. With a little honey,” he mouthed back.
Loki waved his arms, and they saw the conjured dragon reaching for the last gem, glowing bright and purple above the middle of the dining table. When the beast clapped his forelimbs, and brought the stones together, it caused an explosion of white light, which rained down on them in sparks.
There was a huff of disbelief. “Iron Man will be living in our basement?”
For close to a week, Tony had slipped in and out of consciousness, and spent most of his time in the latter state. While initially relieved that Tony had been mercifully spared from his suffering, a part of Steve was beginning to grow afraid.
Whatever made him think he was worthy of Tony’s love? The magic tears that flowed through his body? Tony was the chosen one. He was destined for greatness. And Steve? Everything special about him came out of a bottle.
He could still hear the sounds, as though they were right there, in the next room. The clashing of metal on flesh and flesh on metal, the screaming, the pleading, the crying, the begging.
“Or down.”
Steve was more than a little awestruck when Tony shyly presented him with the circular shield, which he instantly loved. Equally suited for attack and defence, it was the ideal weapon for Captain America and all he stood for. The red, white and blue was a nice touch and Steve marvelled at how it moved as he tossed it around, recovering it easily with the electromagnetic panels on his new gauntlets.
Tony was touched one day to find out that Steve owned a copy of
“Tony,” Steve said.
Steve stopped struggling at the words, staring at him, with his eyes wide and mouth open.
"What about you? Is there anyone else you'd-” Steve countered, face impossibly taut.
Loki nodded. “Rex’s soul continues to seek revenge from beyond his fiery grave. With the dragonstones scattered over multiple kingoms, he's managed to sow discord between king and noble, human and mage, while they wage wars over his legacy and decimate entire populations in the process. Having no use for Thanos, the humans attempted to get rid of him, and banish him to the underworld, where he’d stayed for a number of millennia, before his eventual escape. His time in hades has only made him more vengeful than ever. The Mad Dragon has sworn to collect the dragonstones, to wage war on all mankind.”
They’d done this a thousand times on the playground –
“It’s a promise,” Steve said in a deep voice and it sent pleasant vibrations into Tony’s ear.
The Avengers - Not the friends he was looking for, but the family he’d found.  And he’d be damned to let them take sides in a war that could tear them apart.
“Cap, I need you to get to that engine control panel. Tell me which relays are in overload position.”
. Steve, who spent weeks sketching the mechanism. Steve, who spent months working with metals to make gears and balls and tracks in order to create a unique timepiece to mark this milestone. One year of marriage.
Tony’s heart clenched painfully at Steve’s words. Steve had someone, had had someone since a long time ago. Of course. A person like Steve had to have someone else. Steve hadn’t been trapped in a gilded cage as he waited for his life to begin. “So, if we didn’t have to marry...” he trailed off.
“So, what did you have that they didn’t?"
Please let me know what you think. Thank you so much for reading! You guys rock!
It was
“That doesn’t make any sense! The skin inside is as thick as the skin outside!” Sam said.
“You have five minutes,” Agent Hill informed them. “Get out of there now.”
“That’s enough chess for tonight,” Ana decided. “I’ve made dessert. Come and help me serve it.” Lured by the aroma of blueberry muffins, Tony followed her dutifully to the kitchen.
He was going to focus on Steve’s recovery. Make sure he was feeling better. For now. And then he was going to work on something big.
“What’s the name on the lease, Phil?”
had no idea what sort of monster they were about to make when they took him. And he was back to haunt them in the best way possible.
“Cap is with some trapped civilians at the bank.”
When Tony came to, some moments later, his brown eyes were bright and clear.  He blinked several times, as he looked dazedly at the large group of people surrounding the bed, his eyes growing soft upon finding Steve.
Steve nodded and got to his feet. “We should go,” he said.
“You know what?” Nat said, after a long moment. “I just fought a basilisk and I’m exhausted. So, I’ve decided. I’m done. This -,” she said, her hand sweeping over both of them. “This doesn’t have to end in a fight.”
His husband smiled mysteriously as he led them out of the house towards the stables to fetch their horses. They rode along the walls, with Steve pointing out the important buildings in the city, before they arrived at the garden, an enchanted one where magic had surely rained on the plants. The flowerbeds bloomed in the colours of a rainbow, and showcased the wondrous combination of earth, sunlight and rain. Peeking from behind low hedges were shy roses, blushing in the loveliest pinks.
“You know who I am,” Tony answered blithely, and startled himself with the deep, booming voice.
Steve nodded, and moved closer to the young man. “And as king, you will need your own collection of heirlooms,” he pointed out, thinking of his own sapphire ring and the curved dagger that the twins had returned to Howard on their first meeting.
Tony frowned as he reached out for Steve’s chin, and turned it slightly so he could look in his blue eyes. “Of course, it matters – it matters to me. I need you, Steve. I can’t do this by myself. Not half as good at anything without you around.”
“It is just for the summer,” Tony assured him, without taking his eyes off Steve’s troubled face.
Tony raised a brow. “So, you end work late and start early. Are you really that busy or is this your gentle way of turning me down? Because I can take a hint, but it really would be easier if you just said no.”
“All right, Pete. Time to earn your keep,” Tony said. He sped toward Peter, stretching his neck and throwing down his wings and body to pull up in a vertical climb. Ivan mimicked Tony, extending his body length-wise right beside the column.
“It’s going to be okay,” Tony said, reaching for Steve, trying to dab away a tear at the corner of his eye. “There are worse ways to die.”
The car crashed into a tree, followed closely by a man on a motorcycle. Tony saw his father crawling painfully out of the mangled wreck, blood running down his face as he pleaded, “Help my wife, please.”
“Yeah, me too, Steve,” Tony said, lost in soft blue eyes.
Maybe Dad was right.
“No, wait!” he protested.
“You need it – your treasure. The magic will heal you.”
Somehow, Steve managed to regain his composure and address their guests with the solemn grace of his station. After welcoming their distinguished guests to Shieldberg, they honoured past and living heroes for their contributions to this well-fought victory.
“Thank you,” he said, as he acknowledged the truth behind her words. Bordered by impenetrable mountains on the north, east and west, Armestria was vulnerable only in the south, where Valoria stood. So long as Valoria kept the invaders at bay, Armestria would be out of harm's way.
Neither of them attempted to make eye contact or speak with Tony. Nonetheless, the captain glared at them for the entire duration of a very long elevator ride because the STRIKE agents had the audacity to breathe the same air that he did.
Tony put the car in park, but kept the air-conditioning going, thankful that he'd thought of installing a filtration system for the noxious fumes. Reaching for the bulky briefcase in the backseat, he fished out a kit for a pocket-sized atomiser and began assembling its parts.
Tony nodded. “Rich. What is it that you do?” he asked, making polite conversation.
I commissioned this piece for myself as a reward for finishing the story, but never got around to posting it. It was done by the amazing
Till finally, he lay sprawled on the floor, sputtering and gasping, unable to tell if he was breathing in or breathing out.
“Tony,” Steve cut in, softly, to get his attention, but Tony merely hummed. “Tony, hey,” he repeated, a little louder.
He barely noticed the soft music above the beating of his heart. He tried to remember his mother’s instructions.
“If you don’t stop, I swear to Thor, I am going to kick you out.”
Hi! Sorry this took so long, but we've finally reached the N (end). I hope you like it!
“What if he doesn’t like me?”
With no leads on Loki or the tesseract, they returned to the Avengers Tower, reuniting with Thor and Bruce.
“Yeah. Imagine if every omega had one of these. What would we do with all the time we saved? We could, I don’t know, get actual jobs we liked. What a thought!”
Thanos, however, barely moved, and watched them impassively, with a bored look on his face, until the mindstone landed on the marble floor with a loud clink. As Wanda drew the stone into her palm, she released her hold on Thanos.
, Tony thought that maybe they were going to be okay after all.
“Oh, not you,” the dragon said, his voice ringing with laughter. “Just the usual. I love everything you ma -” the dragon began but stopped, looking adorable and awkward as he smiled charmingly at Steve. “Layered meatcake, bitter bean juice, whatever it is you people eat.”
“You –,” Steve said, inhaling sharply at the sight of his shield. “You brought me
“Or just yours, maybe?” Tony asked, noting that Ana wasn’t around for the third day in a row.
Armestria (Kingdom of weapons / arms) - Tony's nation
“You were found 400 miles from their base.”
Rhodey pulled back and checked his body for injuries. Satisfied that there weren’t any to be particularly concerned about, he nodded, pulling Tony to his feet.
, which allowed Strange to create magical blasts and shields. There were axes and swords and daggers, jewellery and clothing, cards and books.
“Rollins.”
Nonetheless, Steve had his words:
Tony paused to swallow the lump of indignation down his throat. “Insubordination? What? Excuse me, but I thought I was saving New York!” he cried.
Tony stole a quick glance as the captain recited his vows, promising to love, cherish and protect him. In response, Tony vowed to love, respect and trust him. Tony didn’t write the vows. He just had to repeat them after the minister.
drive me crazy. But I’m going to miss you.”
The safest hands were still his own. He couldn’t rely on anyone, not even Steve and his large hands to insulate him from the dangers of the world. It was something he had to do himself. And he could.
“This is where you’ll be working,” Coulson said, opening a series of highly-secure doors to a laboratory of sorts. “It’s SHIELD’s version of
So, when it fell out of his hand, rolling away and disappearing among other nondescript rocks in a pile, he knew he’d lost it (the rock? their home? his mind? he didn’t even know anymore) for good. All he wanted to do was to curl up into a rock himself and wait for rescue, but this wasn’t even possible due to his broken ribs and shattered heart.
An alpha with warm hugs, soft kisses and an impossibly gentle touch. A knot which filled the emptiness that had been his life. And a bite which made Tony’s head explode in a litany of “yours, yours, yours” as fervent rejoinders of “mine, mine, mine” echoed in his ear and reverberated in his heart.
home,” he said, burying his head in his hands.
He got to his feet and dusted himself off. “If we leave now, I could lead the way and show you all of our best views.”
“I don’t understand. Why are you here?” he asked.
DUM-E scooted over, wrapping his arm around him.
“Cap,” Nat said over the comms. “Barton’s back.”
“Oh - but I’m,” he began and stopped, as he flashed Steve a rueful smile.
“Can you stay? Please? At least till I sleep.”
“No, you won’t. I forbid it. Do you hear me, Anthony Stark? You are not allowed to die.” A loud sob was torn from Steve’s lips, as he squeezed his hand harder. “Tony! No! Don’t go,” he pleaded, as his voice cracked with emotion.
“I’m just going to the temple,” Tony said, giving him a reassuring smile. “I’ll be back for tea.”
“Banner, give the blades to Thor. Can you coordinate evac?” Steve asked, the safety of innocent employees not far from his mind.
“Rude, Steve,” Bucky said, glaring. Apollo can call me whatever he wants.”
Like shooting stars in the night sky, the fiery arrows rained upon their ship, starting new fires they hurried to put out. They ran to the water pump Tony had constructed and quickly connected the hoses.
It made Clint smile and ruffle his hair before leading him to cluster around Coulson and Hill like the rest of the team to go over the mission brief.
“I just did,” he said.
He felt Steve’s hand reaching for his. Steve’s wedding band felt warm and solid between his fingers. He wished he still had his.
“You know my armour is bulletproof, right?” he asked, rolling his eyes.
“Are we still good for tomorrow night?” Steve asked, interrupting the tempest in Tony’s head.
Tony did his best to hold him off and stay out of the way. But it was unbelievably hard to fight someone you weren’t actively trying to kill. He tried to escape. He wanted to help Steve. But the assassin kept getting in the way.
“You’re a maniac.”
films he was watching with Steve.
“I’m going to talk to Barton. Be back in a minute.”
“Upload complete,” Tony informed the crew once confirmation was received. “And it’s trending.”
“They’re on board,” Sam assured him.
“So, those things just stopped whatever the hell they were doing,” Rhodey mused, after kicking at one of the drones to be sure.
He did, and almost made it all the way out when thick hands grabbed his waist and tossed him onto the beach. He had barely scrambled to his feet before being kicked in the abdomen, which caused him to fall face-first into rough sand. Tony grabbed a fistful and flung it at a cursing Obie as he approached. A swift backhand had him landing hard on the sand, with Obie looming over him menacingly.
