“Inside. Or at least I think it is? It’s not the phantom limb pains, those feel different. This is like a stab or a shock.”
! But it’s radio silence from him, from all the voices actually. That constant chatter in the back of your mind gone.
“O-oh god.” Tony’s throat sore, and voice hoarse from strained vocal cords, he must have been screaming. “I- 'm so sor- gah!” He’s cut off pain shoots up his arm, as he moves his hand foolishly already forgotten about his wrist.
He goes on, talking about every piece of the arm as he carefully takes apart the upper shoulder. Getting a look inside, all things Bucky should know if he should ever want to do the cleaning himself, or need to replace a part.
Tony slides down to the floor and struggles to catch his breath. His legs are screaming at him in pain and his arms are sore. He really shouldn’t have gone to the gym, it was such a bad idea, who was he kidding. He’s seriously underweight, starving himself accidentally every other day. He can barely keep his head on straight or his breath walking, he should have never been in that gym. All that and now he’s got this soulmate to worry about.
“Thank you so much Bruce.”
She answers.
“That’s the conflicting part… there was this fire in his apartment- one that got put out almost right away so don’t worry.” Steve quickly adds when Bucky looks concerned. “But I pushed him out of the way which is why I touched him in the first place. Although sitting there on the floor with him… he looked so tired.”
Steve once told Bucky it started with a butterfly. One just outside his window while he had been so sick he couldn’t get out of bed to even press his face against the glass and watch it flutter in the wind. Steve was sad when it’d flown out of view and instead decided he’d find some way to keep those things with him forever.
"This is wonderful." He murmured, his forehead pressed into the side of the soldier's neck.
"I didn't say that. Shut up and let me sleep!"
Steve had a predatory gleam in his eyes as he stalked closer to the couch. "Clinton, did you know Tony is ticklish?"
you can go shower, and I'll be back in a jiffy." With one more deep kiss, Steve stood and scooped his bottoms from the floor, tugging them on before pulling his t-shirt over his head.
"--What?" Tony's eyes, already half lidded, popped open as he struggled to remember what Steve was referring to. Before Tony could even try to answer him back, Steve dipped his head and let his tongue lightly lave against Tony's hole, flicking up and down against the soft skin around the opening.
"Brain fog
Bruce gave a long suffering sigh, "You know. The usual. Desperately grasping at any levity he can find. Joking around, making inappropriate jokes about his and Steve's sex life, not mentioning the giant elephant in the room…"
"No! But you may get hurt! And I just can't… I can't lose you."
But still, sometimes they missed it. The attention could be fun, and the perks even better. Faster seating at the most expensive restaurants, cutting the line at clubs, and being showered with gifts everywhere they went.
above the doorway. "That's a coffee house?"
"I prefer Phil. Or just Coulson, if you don't mind, Mr. Stark."
Fury acquiesced. "The way the split works is that the second person -- the second Howard -- had to travel. We all know it's easier to travel light, right?" He waited until they each gave him a look of understanding before he continued. "It's the same with emotions. It's easier to travel light. They're not weighted like we understand it. It's a metaphorical sense, but just as important. Emotions like happiness, love, contentment… They're lighter. Easier to move. So the second Howard, he needed to be lighter, could only carry what he could, and the-" He fought for a word, tilting his head back and forth,
"I'm sorry," Natasha began, but Fury dismissed the apology with a wave of his hand.
Howard swallowed; the thoughts from just a few minutes before dancing at the edge of his mind. Tony's age. How he could know him. The three letters that flitted across his thoughts. Was it possible? Tony did look familiar in a way that Howard could only see when he looked in the mirror.
"Mmhmm."
"Fine, but can you tell me how old he is?"
Steve returned to Tony's suite to find him asleep on the bed, his head where his feet should be, and the television on. He was curled up in one of Steve's sweaters that he had shamelessly stolen, his hair still damp from the bath he had taken. At least he had tried to relax and succeeded too, if the peaceful look on his sleeping face was any indication. But Steve knew Tony better than that. Sleep was an escape, and if he was out at only half past four in the afternoon, he knew Tony had to have been exhausted.
"We need to figure out where he's hiding." Steve spoke, his voice in Captain mode. They could see his fingers moving still inside of Tony. "So we can take him in."
After the third camera flash in his face, Tony turned to face Steve, attempting to hide who he was, at least no one had said anything.
"Tony!" Steve grabbed his arm, but what he wanted to say died on his lips. The alarm was still blaring. Every second wasted could mean a life lost. "Get in the armor. If you need to sit this one out, do it, do you understand me? We'll be all right. Just stay in the armor. I can't… I don't want anything to happen to you!"
Steve's arms tightened around him. "I'm petrified he's going to hurt you."
," Tony shot back, his mood sour at the mention of Ty Stone, "but we don't
After they had ordered and their meals came, along with refills of Steve and Tony's beer and Bruce's soda, they tucked in. Steve groaned appreciatively, chewing on a bit of sausage with delight in his eyes.
She sighed and quietly reopened the grate, dropping down soundlessly. It was time to entertain their guest.
(See the end of the chapter for
If anyone could make him come without touching himself, it was Steve. Perfect Steve. His Steve. His sweet friend, who may never be anything but, someone to love from afar, someone to cook dinner with, watch Gilmore Girls with and not be ashamed with, someone who...
"Petra?" But he's already asleep.
Tony paused as he opened the adjacent cabinet in search of his mug. Dinner? Alone with Steve? Yes please. "What do you have in mind?"
"I'm not being Punk'd, am I?"
Steve almost cried in happiness, "Thank God. Tony, thank God!" He leaned down to kiss him, his hands stroking his back in comfort. One by one, the others left the room; this was a private moment, no need to intrude any longer.
Tony whined and moaned, his back arching with the overstimulation as Steve pumped his fingers in and out, rubbing Tony’s overworked prostate and smearing his come all around Tony's insides. Pulling free, he examined his fingers. "Next time, I'll clean you up with my tongue." Tony shivered at the promise, looking over his shoulder at him with heavy lidded eyes.
"No, thanks." He ignored the complaint, continuing to thump his feet. "Anyone else home?" Steve asked, watching as Tony discarded the old filter and measured out what was surely too many scoops for the amount of coffee he was making before leaning back, scoop still in hand, to get a good look through the door to the living room. Natasha had cleaned up the puzzle, apparently over it, and was nowhere to be seen.
Steve tugged Tony's hand up to kiss it and used his other to cup Tony's face. "What he said."
He spared no thought to leaving an apparent time traveler in their living room. If that didn't speak volumes of his love for Tony, nothing did.
Steve let his lips trail down Tony's jaw, nipping at his chin before pulling back and smiling down at him. "What do you want, angel?"
"Is that all?"
Shit.
"Could you make your anger a little more obvious? I don't think Howard got the picture."
Standing up straighter and lifting his chin, Tony let the words sink in before he spoke again, his voice even and strong. "I have celiac disease."
"Uh huh. Genius, remember?"
"Rest, Tony, we'll wake you for dinner."
Taking his seat again, Bruce played with the label on his own bottle, peeling it and fidgeting. "Rhodey leave?"
What mattered was that for the first time in his life, Tony was adored without a clause in the contract. He was loved just for being who he was.
"Yeah. It is. I know he means well, but I feel like he's making things worse."
Shit.
. Which was why he retreated to the roof so often, hearing aids hidden away safely in his pocket, and nothing but the cool expanse of blue in front of him.
She waved her hand, pushing away his comment. "The fact of the matter, Clint, is Tony
The smirk Tony received in response did nothing to warn him of what Steve had in mind. "I don't think I will."
Ria Rose- 3136 - T3 - Vibes in Public
It wasn't fair. Steve knew that.
"Please," Tony was tugging at his hair, and it made Howard's heart ache. It wasn't that long ago that he was standing in Howard's borrowed room doing the same as he came out to him. "Just tell me, am I safe? I know you said-- I mean I kinda get it but-- just put me out of my damn misery, shit!"
"Ignore him, Rahib. He gets bitchy when he's hungry."
"I prefer a challenge, sir."
"Stupid super soldiers and their stupid strength, stupid stupor soldiers and their stupor stupor strength, stupor st, stupid...I suck at this."
"Again, it's up to the individual. Some work two or three generations of charges and then retire. Usually around 200 years, but most stay for more than that. I think the mean age is somewhere about 700, but there are plenty of old-timers who stick with it well into the thousands." Coulson sits up and reaches for the texts. "You'll find most of that in these," he taps the books, "particularly
Tony wouldn't even look at him. And that hurt the most. Regardless of what had happened in the past, Tony was his present. His future. He had to make this right.
"Just, how many more stops?"
"I need it."
Tony sat in the small courtyard behind the studio, his voice ringing out like a prayer.
He jolted at that, but said nothing. It explained a lot. "Why are you telling me this?"
"It was a, uh," Clint's face lit up mischievously, "a blast, you could say."
"Yeah, you will." But Tony still sat, taking his own tea and dunking another cookie in it. "It's cold," he complained.
A Facebook message popped up in his notifications on his cellphone,startling him, and Steve would have been annoyed with the interruption had it not been from Cara, one of the other writers on the site he had grown close to (and no, she had no idea who he was.). It had become inevitable that he would strike up friendships with the others who wrote stories about him and the team, particularly writers who were just as into Stony as he was.
Smiling at the thought of Tony actually not saying something, Steve answered, "Not particularly."
"I'll pass on that," he laughed, pulling plates from the cupboard. He set them on the table just as Thor knocked at his door. With a grin firmly in place, determined to keep this as light as he could, he swung open the door and pointed right in Thor's face. "You disgust me."
Fury smirked, "Start a library in the Mariana Trench, I think. It's best that tome never sees the light of day again."
"That," Tony says slowly, "sounds ominous."
to do right by him.
Uncomfortable with such praise from an archangel, Tony shifts in his seat and changes the course of the conversation. "Favorite or not, why a guardian angel for me? I've been called selfish. Narcissistic? A complete asshole—and I'm sorry for saying the word asshole. And I'm sorry for saying it again."
"Dad?" It was so pitiful sounding, so lost. "I'm sorry, but this is who I am."
"What did we sign up for, more like." Bruce said, rubbing his eyes and sending his glasses up his forehead.
Steve audibly sighed.
Steve literally tucked him, put a glass of water on the bedside table, and left.
Tony twirled, completing his little off beat dance. "I'm an eccentric bisexual genius. Theatrics and musicals do it for me."
"What is it?" He asked, one eyebrow arched.
"Is that even a question? Cow, please." Mug located, Tony snagged it off the shelf, his hand still tingling from when he touched Steve.
"Make it four."
Steve blinked and looked at Howard, a slight flush creeping up his neck at being caught with his mind wandering. "Howard?"
It was the same as he had said before. But it never got them anywhere. Tony still refused to see a doctor. Natasha was right; this was getting out of hand.
"Here, man, get some food," Tony plucked a twenty from the folds of his money clip, and Steve stumbled forward, shock taking his breath and balance.
Clint shrugged, "Not a clue."
, he pleads with himself,
Dropping back to his heels with a clunk, he cradled the yellow container of his very own nectar of the gods against his chest protectively. "Does it?"
He shifted in his seat, getting comfortable as Happy pulled into traffic, "yeah, Doc said what everyone thinks. Came back positive for celiac."
"I'm okay," he mumbled, "I might be better than okay, you know, if everything goes how I hope it will tonight."
On the top, under recent stories, was the newest one.
"Say 'mess' again." And they were laughing, and Steve was kissing his face, peppering them all over his cheeks, his chin, his forehead...
"Sorry to interrupt," Tony jerks his head to the side. He had forgotten about Joseph. The Angel is standing with a stack of books in his hands; Tony hadn't even seen him get up. "I've got the texts if he says yes. And I think I know the perfect placement for him, but it means bending the rules a little."
filled
more than you."
It wasn't the moment to say
His favorite movies, his favorite foods. He learned that despite his aptitude for science, he loved to read, could devour a whole novel in a single night and often stayed up to finish.
He had to try.
But then the war happened. And his priorities shifted, squeezing out any chance of children. He had no longer felt the urgency to have them, even years later.
"About time." Steve sighed. "Sorry, I'm sorry. I don't mean to snip."
"I cannot tell you. Don't ask me how I know that; I just do. You must step inside and find out for yourself. But," Yinsen holds a finger up, "I do believe that your answer will be different from mine."
"Bruce is making us breakfast," Steve muttered, yawning and stretching.
Steve. His timbre deep and steady as he recited poem after poem, Steve's head in his lap. After a hard mission, after a bad day, after Peggy passed…
"Good to know."
"Hey," she said softly, "are you okay?"
And she would say she did and somehow the entire train car would burst into an off key rendition of Piano Man because these were Long Islanders and Billy Joel was their God and for a moment, just a moment, she was one of them.
She was just pushing her legs out straight in front of her, gearing up to stand, when someone plopped down next to her and held out a coffee cup.
Bruce liked Tony's suite just fine; it suited the genius. But he preferred his own little nook. Tony had let them each decorate as they wished, presenting them with a slew of interior designers and expensive furniture, but Bruce just took the IKEA catalogue from the corner market and created his own space. Natasha, Clint, and Thor took advantage of the designers and their own little studios looked like they could be featured in magazines. Steve went back and forth between doing his own thing and taking professional advice. His was less perfect, but Bruce thought it looked more like a lived-in home than the others. Though, he never gave voice to that opinion.
"Steve! Oh, fuck, there! There! Oh God, Steve, right there!"
"Start from the beginning." Bruce's hand stilled on his back, but he didn't remove it. "Just, wherever you think you need to. Tell me what happened."
The guest bedroom hadn't been used in a while and Steve's upbringing demanded he change the sheets on the bed. He propped Howard up at the kitchen island with a glass of water and two Excedrin and raided the linen closet for fresh bed-sheets. Howard seemed okay for the moment, so he dropped a blanket over Clint's sleeping form and left a glass of water with two more Excedrin next to it on the coffee table. He didn't want to deal with a hungover Barton. That never went over well.
"Your health is important, as would any of ours be, Tones, if it were someone else. We've separated the counters because we don't need much space to make a sandwich." Tony listened to Steve speak, his bottom lip quivering just a little as the emotions threatened to take over. He had never felt so unequivocally loved before. "We got a new toaster, look," Steve gestured, lightly guiding Tony to turn with a hand on his back. The new one was labeled
With a lot less gusto than before, she scrunched up her face and met his eye. "Eighteen months?"
"This is incredible, Tony. What you've created, I could never. Not in a million years."
Down the hallway, she lightly knocked on Steve's door. There was shuffling beyond, but no raised voices. Which was a great sign that what Rhodey had hoped -- what they all did! -- was reality. The door opened to a shirtless Steve, an equally shirtless Tony on the couch behind him. She raised an eyebrow.
Nodding, Tony took the letter, glancing at the header with the date and then down at Howard's signature. He looked like he didn't recognize it, as if everything about Howard was a mystery to him. And - Steve supposed - everything was.
"How dare you. Rory belongs with Logan!" Pulling back, Tony curled his upper lip in mock disgust at being so easily called out. "Fine. But I'm allowed to sing along to the theme song or so help me…"
"Oh, yeah, that's going to be really hard for a genius, what an awful learning curve!"
Really? But once Clint shows him the shooting range and what he's capable of, Tony's already got half a dozen ideas for how to upgrade his bow and his arrows.
"Modern Art. No, sounds great. Let's do it."
Steve crossed his arms, looking amused and concerned at the same time, a vision so wholly Steve it had Tony almost laughing. But as hard as he tried to smile or crack a joke, he couldn't. His eyes spilled over.
Tony threw his head back and howled, delighted at the crassness he was able to exchange with his father. It felt so
God, how Steve had missed him. "You're really singing Grease? Now?" He gripped Tony's hips, giving them a little squeeze and a shake. "Sure that's what you want?"
"I hate you." Tony paused, shifting on the stool and looking longingly at his projects. "Rimming?"
"Steve," Bruce tries again, reaching out for him, "Steve, we do know for sure. Tony's gone."
"Butter and salt from the kitchen. But tell Tony to get it because I don't trust him with the corn." Pausing, Steve tilted his head toward Tony. "He grew up with the finer things in life, and yet corn on the cob excites him almost as much as a cheeseburger."
Bruce snorted. "We should call Steve. There's no way we're getting him into the tower, and he can't sleep out here."
stayed!" He head whipped back and forth between Tony, Steve, and Fury. "I took the good with me. So the me that didn't time travel, he's-- he's…"
building. He had confided in Bruce early on that when they all first moved in he was worried he wouldn't be so readily accepted. The larger apartment had been for him to hide out in.
He shifted when the tremors made his thigh muscles quake with how he was sitting. His face screwed up in concentration. The physical withdrawal symptoms were temporary, he just needed to remember that. Sliding his legs out from under him, he fell back, arms splayed out and a light sheen of sweat along his brow. He took a deep breath, held it, and exhaled loudly. The whole team was obviously close, but Steve and Tony seemed to have a special bond. They spent most of their time together, and if Howard felt an obtrusive pang of jealousy, he pushed it down with two fists banging into the mattress.
Ah. Fuck.
Reaching blindly, he grabbed his doctor's coat and balled it up, shoving it under Tony's hips and pressing at the small of Tony's back so his legs splayed and his front fell onto the coat, propping him up enough to be comfortable. He shifted into a position that would have him punching into Tony's prostate from that angle and attached his lips over the bite mark from before,
"Wanna see how dirty?"
"Whole wheat toast with jam and milk." Natasha said, placing the plate on the coffee table in front of Tony. "Let's go back to the basics."
Steve bit back a nasty retort. It was only funny when the others teased him about his bedtime. But, that did raise a problem. Howard was bound to start getting suspicious if Steve rarely ever went to his own room. "Just leaving," he stood.
Steve bristled, but let it go. "$750."
Tony Stark is something. But I'm not gonna lie; I'll be bragging to everyone with ears that I taught you how to fire an arrow."
He had to hide it. Had to push down the aggression he felt growing inside of him. Tony needed him to be stable. He needed to be an oak tree, rooted deep, to weather the storm. But Steve wasn't sure he could keep up the facade. He didn't know if he could remain in any way impartial, fake or not.
Yet… It didn't seem right to shove Tony into that category. He was a good man. Hell, he was a genius superhero who was willing to sacrifice himself for the greater good. Howard had the internet now. He saw the video. Tony left him in the dust. Even if
He was working again, sleeping less, and had some energy back. When he appeared in a new black suit on the morning before his doctor's appointment, Steve could have cheered. Yes, the recently tailored suit showed how thin he had gotten, since it wasn't the oversized clothes from Steve's own closet, but it was the first time in a while that Tony had made an effort with his appearance.
for Tony to admit?
She ignored him and hit Bruce's name in her contacts. When he didn't answer, she sent him a text and tried Thor instead. "JARVIS," she spoke into her phone, "Can you connect me with Thor?"
The redhead nodded, "Sleep well?"
"Ah yes," Rhodey smirked knowingly, "the usual."
He feels Bruce's hands, gentle on his back, as he leads Steve to sit down. "It can't be true." A sniff beside him pulls Steve's attention from the television. Bruce is crying, and Steve feels his own eyes well up. "Please!" he's pleading, his voice cracking under the devastating emotions. "It
Hushed voices.
His laugh hollow, Howard looked up at Steve.
He was a mess, and the others were noticing. Steve definitely knew something was up. He was the one who rubbed Tony's back when he threw up, the one that put heating pads over his stomach when the pain got to be too much, and the one that gave him gentle reminders when he knew Tony didn't remember something.
, Howard. I hate what you become." Howard was quiet after that.
"Water, if you have it. Please," he added as an afterthought. No need to be rude. He caught the bottle as Bruce tossed it, chugging it halfway down in one go.
Howard was quiet, contemplating. His eyes fell to the floor, and his silence stretched for almost a full minute. At length, he looked up, staring into Thor's eyes. "No. I feel like I should be, but… No."
"German. I'm in the mood for sauerbraten."
He counted to the second and flipped each piece, bending down enough to inhale the savory aroma. The door clicked shut, and Steve was behind him a moment later, arms encircling his waist.
"This is getting out of hand. If he won't go to a doctor..." Natasha trailed off, glaring at Steve like it was his fault. They were in the kitchen, a safe distance away so they wouldn't be heard by the topic of their conversation.
"Do you want to see it?"
Conversation was still swirling through his attempts to block it. Louder now that Tony was sounding more upset.
"Come on." She stood, and held her hand out to him. "Let's get something to eat, I'm starving."
She grinned widely, too many years under her belt with him to not notice his flushed face or the breed of confidence in which he walked. "Do you two do anything other than have copious amounts of sex? Or is it just me?" She looked at Natasha.
Leaning back onto the arm rest of the couch, Tony propped his feet on the cushions, opening his legs and readying himself. And he began to read again.
Sitting up, Tony placed a chaste kiss to Steve's lips and swung his feet off his lap. "Okay, enough babying me."
"I do. Tony," Steve pulled back to look directly into Tony's face, "I just want you to be happy. Is that so much?"
It wasn't the family he expected, maybe, but they were the family he needed. And that was okay too.
"I like to know you're safe." He cupped his hands around his own coffee, interlocking his fingers and bringing it up to his lips to take a sip. "It's chilly down here."
"So, we'll just scare him into abandoning whatever crazy idea he has."
"Ah, yes. I've heard." It's somehow still unnerving to think of himself as favored by an archangel, and Tony adjusts his body on the cushion to hide his discomfort. "How old are you? Unless that's like asking a woman her age."
Instead of responding, Steve just kissed Tony's head and stood, unsure of how to answer that. "Dinner will be ready in about an hour, give or take."
He shot him with a Smith and Wesson Model 19, a gun supplied to him by a shady mobster under Tony's payroll. The proof? His whole left hand, or what was left of it after a molotov cocktail exploded ten years prior, nearly killing him and leaving him disfigured. Steve thought it more apt to have called him Paulie Half Face, but that was neither here nor there.
That had Steve laughing, raining kisses all over Tony's face, "You're incorrigible."
"So, we're back to the part where we're both idiots?"
"I was
Tony gasped, his eyes closing as the sensation grew. "Steve…" he groaned, head falling forward. "Oh fuck."
Tony's face went red as he hastily jumped up and pulled on his briefs. "What the fuck, Natasha?!"
Steve was cornered, his eyes going wide. He had a choice: leave and lose his one shot at the money he needed, or telling the truth and saving the most important person in the world to him. Decision made, he spoke. "My mother. She's sick. Consumption. Doctor says she needs the dry air, and we gotta move to Arizona. Need the expenses to buy a place. Need to take care of her."
The craziest part wasn't a stranger offering help. Since Natasha had willingly started allowing herself to live a normal life, which included actual social interaction, she had learned that there were all sorts of good and helpful people out there. No, the craziest part was that she had no look of recognition on her face.
He stepped over to his team, his love, and his friends. Accepting the hugs and the pats on his back, accepting that it was okay to not be impervious to everything in the world.
Steve nodded, closing and opening his eyes to clear the fuzziness that had crept around the edges of everything he could see. He still felt wrecked, like a book with the pages torn out. You could still read the story, but it was in no order, just strewn across the floor in a haphazard mess. "Yeah. Thanks."
Tony claps him on his back. "You too."
Natasha made a face, a combination amused and grossed out one, as she slid into the back seat beside Tony. "This whole being close to people thing is getting ridiculous."
Tony grabbed Steve's upper arms and shook him,
kotenok?"
"Hurry up, I'm next!" He swatted at Tony with the spatula, laughing as Tony jumped out of the way, narrowly missing getting hit.
Tony thought, but he kept that to himself. See? He could be considerate! "Actually, yes. Please. I'm losing my damn mind here."
. This was obviously important to Tony. That he had been such a monster Tony was this petrified to say it even now wasn't lost on him either. "You don't have to." Howard paused briefly. "If it's making you this uncomfortable-"
Steve's body went rigid, "Tell me you know how to get back." When Howard didn't answer right away, Steve let a burst of air blow through his lips in exasperation, "You don't, do you?"
always help.
"I love him."
"Natasha needs to reassess the Texas date," Thor said as he took the sweet coffee from Steve's hands, "Thanks," he took a sip, "not sure the stage we want will be right for that venue."
Clint shared a sheepish look with Nat. "Uh, yeah. But see? We're thinking about all the angles!"
"They're both stupid as hell, man."
"My son," Howard shook his head in disbelief and pride, "is incredible."
"I know, Legolas."
"I'm bored." Tony said. "Like, super bored. As in, all my current projects are done and honestly, I need human interaction or I'm going to go postal."
"No, you're right." He shifted in Steve's arms, turning his body so he could lay his back against him. "You've been quiet," he said to Steve, looking up over his shoulder at him. "Care to weigh in?"
monster existed inside
"Well, at least
"Steve," Tony was trying so hard to open up, so hard to let the words out. He had said as much to Natasha, to Thor, even a bit to Clint. Why was it so hard to say it Steve?
(See the end of the chapter for
"Oh my god.
Knowing what he knew
"How much weight has he lost?"
"Well, now you know if it ever happens again," Bruce said, not unkindly.
He needed to feel Steve come, needed to feel the ropes of seed spewing inside him, to feel himself filled up. Steve's hand barely faltered, the precome making the cock slick and wet, and Tony's back arched high off the lounger as he felt himself tumble over the edge, coming and coming, spurts of it almost exploding from his dick and splattering on his chest, his face, all over Steve's hand. He screamed his release, unable to hold back as the waves of pleasure crashed through him.
day, I've never been told that he's dead. Ever."
"You selfish, egocentric-"
"Who was she?"
"Don't you dare insult Top Ramen in front of me!" Clint sassed, ignoring an offended look from a young couple at the next checkout.
Tony was just running from his suite as Steve reached his door. Their eyes locked. "Tony-"
He doesn't fight it as he's lifted carefully into strong arms. Steve carries him with a gentleness born of a deep love and Tony wonders why he's never seen it before.
"Howard, let it go-"
Tony shrugged, "Don't know." Turning back to the table, he continued to set it while Steve drained the potatoes in a strainer in the sink.
"We're not drugging my boyfriend."
Her mouth
"Look, I just need the money. Tell me what I gotta do."
"Apparently, I'm also a total bitch." She glared at him. "No comments from the peanut gallery."
It was Steve's turn to shrug. "I remember getting a letter about it, I think Miss Potts handled it on your end."
He hopped back into the bed, this time at the top, letting the back of his head rest against his hands, his ankles crossing. "Strip for me, Anthony. Let me see you."
Please don't kill me!
It was the most spectacular thing that had ever happened to him. And that was saying something.
"Hey! Hey," he consoled, pulling Tony into his arms, "it's all right."
Furrowing his brows, Tony asks, "What is this, anyway. No one will tell me anything."
"Let me get back to you on that one."
"Don't be jealous, James, it's not a good look on you." Steve leaned forwards and picked up one of the teacups, playing along.
"Stop staring at my son's ass, you heathen."
Calming, Steve walked forward and took Tony's face in his hands. "I have never met a man like you before. Ever. Your heart is unique. You're full of so much love, so much compassion and kindness, and you try so hard to hide it, so no one gets close but it just...It bursts from you. I know you're a mess. We all are. But, Tony, you idiot. I still fell in love with you. Because I see beyond the hurt you've experienced. I see you. And you're wonderful. And I'm choosing you. Your mess is my mess. And my mess is your mess. Forever."
You walk across the room, opening the window and feels the cold pellets of water spraying your face, you pause thinking of somewhere to go, but then you realize… you could go anywhere you wanted in the nine realms. This sacrifice doesn’t have to be so bad. You get to travel the universe.
“That it feels nice.”
Steve sits back down, understanding Bucky’s reluctance. Yeah, there are a lot of benefits to being over six feet tall and two hundred-fifty pounds of pure muscle- and machine in Bucky’s case. For instance, people won’t break into your house, or play music once the sun goes down. Then there are the pranks when no matter what crazy diets Steve and Bucky lie and say they are on to mess with people, they believe them. There are people who find them insanely hot, they get random love letters and teenage girls follow them around the gym sometimes ‘oohing and ahhing’.
“It was abundantly clear after two minutes of conversation with Steve.”
Tony nods, looking to the ground and clearing his throat. Then there was that press smile, schooling his face. It almost hurt Steve more than seeing Tony sad would have. Another testament to how wrong things were between them.
Enjoy, and don't forget to reread the chapter before this as they were edited the most!
He looks just like Howard.
“Like the calm before the storm?”
The road was slick with a thin layer of dark ice, and when Howard turned the car spun out of control. Tony had been looking down at a new upgrade design for Dum-E and didn't see it. But he felt it as suddenly, he was yanked hard to the right and the seatbelt had tightened and dug deep into his chest and neck.
“No, it’s-” Tony shakes his head and quickly darts into the kitchen he’d cleaned out some of the beakers and flasks earlier and left them on the dry rack. He fills two of the largest ones with water and walks back over. “Here.”
“What is it?”
“I've never been able to feel.” Bucky whispers as if to himself. The grip on Tony’s arm loosens but doesn’t let go completely. Metal fingers ghost his skin dragging down. Just feeling.
“I can feel your heart, Tony.” Killian said, his pupils blown wide, lips parted as if this was something else, not pain, not murder, but love, and passion. “It’s beating so strongly.” A constriction tight around Tony’s heart made him full body stutter, his lungs seized, struggling for air, and pain wracked through him. “I should take this, right? We both know this belongs to me by now.”
You take that as your cue to leave, feeling some unfinished business and tension. You silently stand and hope you seem casual, but they don’t stop you and that’s good enough as you walk out the kitchen through the dining room and down the hall.
“I would too.” Tony nods.
Somehow it’s still wrong in Tony’s mind. He’s not worth his patience, this respect. Bucky and Steve are good guys, and they deserve someone worthy. Someone with less baggage.
“Steve?” You repeat the name.
“Then what do you suggest?” Loki asks.
“So, what? He gave the order before he died? How are we supposed to fix this? How do we find Tony? Do you know where he is?”
He hadn’t imagined red. He imagined orange like Rhody’s. Or green like his parents. He’d once seen a pink too. He likes the red. It’s dark, like crimson, or blood, it’s better than some of the neon-like colors out there. It’s simple, Tony likes simple.
“I—I just need-” His head shakes, voice muffled behind palm. “Uh, too fast.”
Tony sat up, shaking his head. This couldn’t go as easily as Steve believes. He can’t blame him, he doesn’t know the whole story. If this doctor recognizes Tony, he’ll tell someone Who wouldn’t brag about having Tony Stark sneak into his practice early in the morning hoping not to be put on any official records. It’s scandalous, a hot topic. What would everyone do if they realized Tony never even left New York, he’s been hiding right under their noses this whole time.
“Thanks, J.” He sighs, already feeling more relaxed with that taken care of. He looks at the watch on his wrist checking the time. Steve hadn’t said exactly when they’d be here, but he can just feel it, any minute now.
A scream ruined your inner plan.
“I’m scared of a lot of things Steve. Truly. I even scare myself sometimes. Oddly, the idea of your inexplicable strength, does not scare me.” He leans back on the couch. “Maybe I’m still drunk and it’ll hit me later. I don’t know. Out of all the bad things about today, that’s not even top five.” He runs his uninjured hand over his face. “What am I going to do?”
The sun sneaking its way through a single crack of the shades landed directly in Tony’s eyes, and as it woke him from his sleep, he wondered if it was on purpose. He groans deeply, turning away, flipping over, but the pillow is cold on this side, and he grimaces. It’s always so cold here. He finds himself no longer tired. His eyes glance at the clock on his way out of his room. It’s two-thirty in the afternoon, yet it feels much earlier. He should have gone to sleep when Jarvis suggested it. That was what, at three in the morning? Tony isn’t sure. He barely sleeps anymore anyway. All he has are his projects.
“Good.” He sits back up and flips through the letters. He stops on a tan-yellow card that’s written and addressed in cursive. Looks like another party invitation. Something for some charity and a good cause and all that jazz. He threw it straight in the trash bin, not bothering to open it.
“So- he doesn’t want to meet me?” Bucky asks.
“What did he sacrifice?”
Tony nods. “Works for me.”
“Doesn’t matter, I’ll defend their honor with everything I have.” He swore.
That’s what Steve regretted the most. He didn’t like that they fought, no. But that happens sometimes. People disagree and there are arguments, no relationship, friendship or team is perfect. Not to mention it wasn’t just some team dispute, it was Bucky, being framed for terrorism, it was the accords trying to control all enhanced people everywhere. It was Zemo trying to pull the Avengers apart.
that.
Now all you had to do was wait for Stephen to tell you-you're safe. Hopefully, that will be before you die of blood loss.
“That's a good idea. Can you stand?”
“He’ll take us. We can go now.”
Tony freezes. “What?”
“It was the first thing I thought of, just run away.” He clenched and unclenched his uninjured fist. "I never prepared for soulmates. Never intended on meeting you guys. I've been running from it ever since I was a kid, and when it finally came around, I just kept running.” He takes a deep breath. “I still am.”
Tony sighs, closing his eyes, rubbing a hand over his face a few times. The feeling is comforting as much as it is simple.
“I believe so, Sir. I suggest eating.”
“So, you didn't know we would win.”
“You know it’s just the one movie, right?”
Stephen's voice yells through your head, but you can’t reply, you can’t call for help, you almost feel like you can’t move.
“I’ve got a call coming through, for Steve Rogers.”
“Uh… no?” Tony gets that they don’t know him. They don’t know his last name and haven’t put together his ties with Stark Industries, but if they had then they’d understand just how ridiculous that question is. “I think it’s actually really cool. I’ve seen some designs and schematics of metal prosthetics, among other things, but never have I built or seen one built. It’s nice to see a working model. It seems to move smoothly. If you hadn’t told me I would never have guessed, and that’s a blessing prosthetic wise.”
“Y/N!” Steve yelled, punching at it uselessly. Why you weren’t moving he didn’t know. Almost as if time had stopped within it. They all gathered around it.
“Yeah.” Bucky nods. “I think somethings wrong with Tony.”
Thanos nodded stepping forward. “I understand the need to make things right. But you’re wrong. I’ve already made things right. Go home, enjoy the balance. See your people never know hunger. See the blissfulness of life when you have no worries. Everyone in all nine realms can live in perfect harmony. Don’t cheat yourself out of that by seeking petty vengeance, to only lose.”
“Well… Ross and the rest of the bunch honestly weren’t comfortable not having an Avengers team on call to save the world and such, which is silly considering how hard they wanted to control or lock everyone up. So, once you were gone I had to regain control of the narrative. Get the public to trust powered people again, while I also began to contact some powered people and see if they wanted to join.”
Tony knows the guy is just doing his job. But he wishes the guy would do it somewhere else and not in the direct vicinity. About ten more lifts, and Tony was sure the shaking in his arms meant they were done for the day whether he wanted them to or not. Almost relieved his body chose him, Tony stood ready to go right back to the apartment and avoid leaving for another two weeks. His balance faltered, which happened a lot lately, especially when he hadn’t eaten in a while. Only this time, there wasn’t a couch or desk chair to catch him. Only weights and hardwood floors. He was damn lucky the guy was cleaning the bench nearby and had reflexes faster than one would think humanly possible. He catches Tony just barely by the waist with a strong grip, stopping him from falling completely.
“Everyone is a stranger to someone.”
“Yeah.” Steve shrugs. “Or maybe it’s not a coincidence. Maybe Buck and I are such great friends because we’re meant to share a soulmate.”
So many maybes.
“Thanks.” Tony’s says, picking the olives off his slices and pushing them to the further side of his place. He grimaces down at them a little.
A deep breath, then another, then another.
“Fine whatever, let’s go.” Bucky huffs.
Steve had been adamant, determined that if against all odds he managed to survive and live another day passed all those illnesses, that Bucky would find his soulmate with just the one arm. For the last twelve years, he’s done his best to tell him that every day, and now right here, in front of his eyes he see’s Bucky actually did meet his soulmate, it just gives him a swell of pride in his chest. He was right, there is hope in the world, all you have to do is believe.
“Tony? Tony are you okay?” A warm hand caresses his cheek, his name is being called once more, he opened his eyes, Steve standing over him, ceiling light just behind his head giving him a glow, Tony smiled thinking he looked like an angle. Hey- hey, don’t close your eyes, come on, look at me.” Pain flares again in Tony’s head and he groans.
It makes him almost not want to stay. He’s all for the lack of people, but now he realizes how much he stands out in an empty room. He doesn’t like standing out. Not anymore.
Steve chuckles. “It’s real. Do you like it?”
They take a cab, Tony keeps his head down the entire ride hoping the driver doesn’t recognize him. When they arrive at Metro-General Tony sinks ever further into his seat until Steve coaxes him out. They walk around to the side of the building, and enter though an employee access only door, Tony’s surprised to find it propped open, and they just waltz in.
“He’s kind of fidgety. I can see why he might have ran when you met him. He got this really big panic look when I got close to him.” Steve continues. Bucky stands silently a moment, before looking down to the ground. He’s thinking ahead, trying to see where Steve is leading him in this conversation and from the sound of it, it’s not good.
“What’s- whats wrong?” His eyes are wide.
“Look at your wrist.” Steve points back. “I did that.”
Steve pauses. “Excuse me?”
“Yeah.” Steve nods, looking down at his feet, ashamed at being so jealous of such a small thing.
“Did you say anything?”
“So, what are you going to do? Wait for him to show back up at the gym?”
As soon as Steve gets home he showers. He’s got to be careful with the handle because one too many times of rough handling on his part, it’s now connected with six layers of duct tape, and wobbles whenever the water is running. He only every uses hot water, he hates the cold.
“We have to try.” Steve starts.
“Tomorrow.”
Before you could decide the creature shot its tongue out, much like a frog, crossing the entire distance between you and wrapping in a spiral loop around your entire right arm. Then sharp pricks that lined the tongue, dug deeply into your skin. It tugged back, pulling you a few inches, and your arm bleeds as the pricks pulled tearing your skin open deep.
Bruce blames himself and the Hulk for this partly. Because maybe, maybe if he had been better on the Asgardian ship, Thanos wouldn’t have gotten the Space Stone. Or that battle in New York. He might have been able to stop Strange from getting taken and the Time Stone would have been here, on Earth where they could have protected it more. Who knew what Tony, Peter, and Strange had to go through to lose that, and apparently the Guardians as well.  Then in Wakanda. Maybe if he could have held off Thanos for one more second. Or held back more of the enemies, maybe Shuri would have had more time to get rid of the Mind Stone.
Something inside Tony just finally clicks into place and he just feels safe. Six months of hiding. Adding locks, dodging phone calls, and having Jarvis watch over him all hours of the day, and it’s only right now that he’s actually ever felt safe.
“Titan?”
“Is he your emergency contact?” Steve’s face is so sincere, he’s open, he’s listening.  But Tony can’t tell him, not all of it. He can’t say the words.
can’t know.
“What’s wrong? Is it starting to hurt?”
Less than a minute later Steve was setting Tony down on the couch and leaving him with promises to be right back, producing a cup of water. Tony drank it like a man dying of thirst only to have Steve reprimand him and tell him not to drink it too fast.
“It’s probably time we go,” Steve says, and Tony nods.
You’re about to suggest going over to make sure he’s okay, but Steve’s already moving, almost breaking into a full sprint the moment he steps out of the doorway. You sigh at his speeds, knowing full well you won’t be able to catch up.
You breathe heavily, gasping every few breaths or so because there wasn’t enough oxygen in this cramped space. But moving wasn’t an option. You’re not willing to make that mistake, you value your life, but now it’s even more important with a kid sitting in your lap.
Steve chuckles. “I doubt you could have done that with that tiny needle. I was watching the whole time anyway, it was fine.”
Once he does, and he feels the cold metal against his fingers he smiles, and Bucky thinks this might all be a dream and he’s going to wake up now back at the gym, dozing off on his shift. That or he’s going to suddenly combust because the world will realize something impossible is happening and try to magically balance the scales of the earth.
Wondering if Tony would just leave, or if he’d take Bucky along with him.
And Steve knew without a doubt, he was in love with Tony.
“Hi, uh… this is going to sound really weird. But my name is Steve, and I work at the gym, not far from here.” Steve hesitates, this is really weird. “A friend of mine was working last night, and he’s your soulmate.”
Stephen sighs.
“Why stay away so long? I could’ve used your help. Earth could have used your help.”
“Everyone’s alive, and I need your help to save them before it’s too late.”
Natasha was still unsure whether to trust you or not. After all, you were a serious unknown. As they’d all waited for the portal, they’d discussed the possibility of this being a trick from Thanos. Naturally, Steve was against the very idea. That Thanos had gotten what he wanted and wouldn’t come back to torment them all like this.
Tony laughs. “About the same. I somehow feel as if I’m always sleeping and never.”
“Okay, Sir. The order has been made.”
“You’re awake.” She says, breathlessly relieved. Walking up to the bed and reaching out grabbing your hand and squeezing it lightly. “You were so brave, honey. You saved us all.”
His best isn’t a great job. Dum-E is good at cleaning up grease and work based messes, but dishes and silverware? Not so much. Tony sighs, sitting up, getting his balance and walking over, eyeing the counter for a moment.
“Any calls from Pepper or Rhody?” He asks, plopping down on the couch with a huff as the air is knocked out of him slightly with force.
“Don’t say that you’ll jinx it.”
Curiosity made you move toward it, and fear made you do it silently.
“It’s nothing.” Steve shakes his head.
“I’m Drax. You were very heroic in your fight against Thanos.”
“Why can’t they just do it? I’m not…” You pause, “I’m not even sure what happened, one day there’s an alien ship in New York, and the next day, people are just turning to dust.” You feel tears burn the back of your eyes, memories of your mom and brother coming to mind. “Maybe you should just go be in their heads, and have them save the world.”
“Welcome back to the land of the living.” Tony says, holding up a container. “We’ve got cookies.”
Hey guys, I really wanted to get to everyone meeting and talking and angst, so they can begun to build a relationship in the next chapter. But my uncle just died, and i was having a really hard time finding motivation to write that scene, which suck because writing usually makes me feel better. Either way, just know, it's coming in the next chapter I promise.
“You say you spent two years with Thor in space correct?”
“Hi,” Steve says back, and Bucky can only bring himself to stare. Tony avoids the obvious gaze, refusing to meet it, and instead his eyes drop to their hands. More importantly what is in their hands. Flowers. Specifically, red Amaryllis and yellow Lilies. Tony smiles down at them.
“That is different as well.  Being too strong and not strong enough are very different things, and they have different effects. You need to find a way, deep inside, to tell him this. Tell him it’s alright to fail, tell him it’s alright not to be the strongest person in the room. Tell him, that when you get knocked down, you get back up and try again. Tell him heroes don’t hide, they stand and fight. Even when it looks like they are losing they push back, because as long as someone has a heart. As long as someone is brave. As long as someone is strong. We will have a chance. True defeat, comes from inside, not from anywhere else.”
“No.” Tony shakes his head. “I just um- I’m not ready yet.” His breaths are shorter and shorter, his head feeling light. He may collapse.
Tony looks up at Steve hesitantly, and sighs. “I can’t do the soppy reuniting right now Cap… I- I’m not mentally prepared.”
Tony tries to ignore the way it makes his skin tingle or how his heart begins to beat just that little bit faster, and not with fear. He looks back into the still open part of the shoulder.
“Would you?” Bucky asks standing, “You feel it all the time. Always scared of breaking something or pushing too hard. Maybe you’ve just grown numb to it. Or maybe it’s not that at all. Maybe you’re so used to relying on your enhanced senses you couldn’t detect this one. Maybe I wouldn’t have had I already been awake and concentrated.”
When they got back to Tony there was a comment about picking up stragglers, and Steve chuckled. Tony then held the kid’s hand considering he wasn’t really in a good condition to be carrying anyone right now. Once they got back to the house, Steve immediately did his best to give you stitches, which was hard without Stephen directing his every move, and your skin was so torn in such jagged uneven cuts, not to mention deep. His fingers kept slipping with all the blood that was gushing. After about an hour of nonstop stitching, he finally came downstairs to find Tony had talked the kid into a nap, after feeding him some mac and cheese.
But that doesn't mean Tony likes being alone.
You’re not sure how great that creature is at hearing, but you’re not risking it by speaking anymore. You put a finger to your lips signaling the kid not to speak and he nods.
“Yeah like eating all the snickers out of the vending machine.”
And with that new power, that new clearness, she could feel it, them, the other infinity stones. Only two left, but she could sense how close she was to one of them. The Time Stone. It was in use, she could feel it. A vibration in her body. She closed her eyes and focused.
He doesn’t think he could handle it if he does.
“So, you were going to reform the Avengers and not even call us?” Steve sat forward in his chair, shoulders squaring.
Loki nods. “I will do my best.”
You don’t have time to react or speak to the people all standing around you as the voices all come back speaking all at the same time.
Things had changed so much, he used to be comfortable with people. With touch, and now he’s scared of it. All because of Killian.
Tony has had stitches many times in his life, and he knows this is clearly the work of an amateur. No doubt it’s going to scar. He looks around, not recognizing the home he’s in. He vaguely remembers Steve, and someone else. But that might have been a hallucination. He hears the distant sound of voices and listens closely.
“You’re back. Is everyone back? What happened? I don’t remember anything after I tried releasing everyone.” You say, thinking back trying to remember how you got back here, to what you’re pretty sure is earth. How you’re still alive, and if you were successful.
Your head is leaned back against the wall, and you’ve almost fallen asleep a few times. You’re sure you look the very definition of tired. But staying asleep was hard.
Bucky thinks for a moment, trying to collect his words carefully because this is important. “I saw how loosely you hugged Tony. I don’t even think your chest’s touched. Are you- were worried about hurting him?”
“I was just going to use the dumbbells.”
He smiles at you and then salutes. Then he turns to the tunnels and inhales deeply before yelling as loudly as he can directly into them. You can hear the echo of it along the tunnel walls traveling all over, and you crouch holding your own breath willing your body not to move an inch as you feel the ground begin to shake and screeches come closer. Steve stays still, reading himself looking into the tunnel. The creatures all running towards him, he waits until they are close enough to see him before running, not too fast though, making sure they all stay on his tail and leading them out of the tunnels making a clear path for you.
“He’s tiny… I thought he might have fallen in?” Tony shrugs, looking around the room again. Steve looks down the hallway at the door. It’s closed, and he hadn’t heard anyone open it. But he also didn’t hear the kid get up from the couch so he could be anywhere.
“Yeah, I think so, by the dumpster area right?”
“There's no way to truly know.” Stephen shrugs, “I don’t have a way to check. We’ll have to wait and see.”
“Yeah.”
“If you’re telling me your goal was to stop looking attractive, or… heroic, or however you see yourself, I’m going to say you failed miserably.”
“Sounds counterintuitive.” He mumbles.
He places his gym card on the counter, pretending to search for something in his pockets. It’s much easier than explaining that he doesn’t like being handed things. He also doesn’t like being touched, but the two are for different reasons. The man takes it and runs it under the keycard reader.
Steve’s just about to ask what exactly he means by that when he pauses. He can hear something. A crying. He listens closely, turning away from Tony and focuses.
Stephen smiles. “Of course.”
“That and saving everyone.” You shrug.
The real panic was the next day. Because not only was Bucky freaking out trying to find something to wear all over again, Steve was too.
“Shit! Shit, shit, shit.” Tony curses loudly, stomping around the living room with a frantic pace.
“Hi.” He whispers back, curling up against the headboard of the bed, he’s got a handful of cookies in his hands and he gives one to you.
“It’s fine,
I'm back with this fic, I've been quarantining in my apartment for a week and had time to rewrite the fic a bit and continue on. I don't have a set update schedule (As usual) But I had an amazing friend look over this chapter so for rarity it's lightly beta read!
Pepper almost ignored her phone vibrating in her purse as she pressed the button for the elevator. She was tired of investors, and lunch hadn’t even come around yet. She took a deep breath and pressed the elevator again, letting her frustration out on the defenseless device. Only after the third vibration did she even bother digging into her purse to check it.
They both seem to take that as permission to do so because they both inhale deeply at that.
“You followed him out of the gym?”
“Y/n said that they’ll call us when they need us, what if we’re supposed to give them a ride to Thanos. Think about it. Thor is the only one with a weapon that can kill Thanos, but he has no way to get to Thanos or find him. I’m betting Strange knows where Thanos is.”
“Oh no, that’s not it at all.” Steve shook his head. “Actually, I asked if we could come back tomorrow. You know, plan things and give him time to… I don’t know, prepare himself? Everything we’ve done was pretty sudden and I get the feeling he doesn’t like sudden very much.”
He felt hopeless, trapped in his body, in this strength. Terrified of this becoming a constant cycle. Hurting Tony again, worse, his soulmate growing to fear him, and simply pick up and leave one day.
You get a calming quiet in your mind, and you somehow just know, it’s time. Visible traces of it anywhere the eye can see. Moments playing out at different speeds, pockets of the past and future, things of import darkly shaded.
“You mean like all three? No, it says that’s never been documented.” Bucky shakes his head. “We’ve got the same soulmate.” Bucky says, dropping heavily onto the couch folding his arms over his chest in thought. “Who woulda thunk.” He laughs. Steve laughs and turns from the computer.
“He fell asleep.” Bucky whispered, holding his phone in his hand. It was overheated in his hand. The call having been going for almost three hours, the battery was low and screen smudged from the oil of his face.
“Yeah.”
Thank God for small mercies.
“Come on Steve! I know it’s weird, but I dunno what to do!” Bucky sighs dropping onto his bed, and it squeaks with the weight and force of him. “I’m not good with people, you know that! They take one look at me,
“That was before I knew he was my soulmate.” Steve hisses. Bucky rolls his eyes.
“We can if no one’s here.” He smiles.
“Hello?” Tony asks, voice still sounding rough. The man smiles big and bright, all white teeth that practically shine like Mr. Clean.
“What’s my other option?”
“Or he’s both.” Bucky shrugs. A car honks loudly behind them on the road at a biker who was still in the way when the light changed and Steve rolled his eyes, after wincing a bit. Downsides to having a stronger hearing.
So, what the hell were you supposed to do next? Your hands shake with fear and panic. Thanos is still staring at you, he’s got murder in his eyes and you don’t doubt he will try to tear you apart to get the stones back.
“Hi, I was told to call you. That you would help me save the missing half of the universe?” You chuckle because it sounds insane.
“When I was a kid, I was sick all the time. Everyone thought I was going to die, and I remember being so sad I'd never meet my soulmate. My pastor told me I'd meet you in heaven.” The words still scare him, the idea that he'll never get what he wants in this life, the things so many others get to experience. “Then I got better, stronger. Too strong, and all over I had another reason I'd never meet you. In one way or another, I've been running. Hoping, but terrified.” He holds his hand out, and Tony sets his smaller cold palm in the grasp. “I'm so sorry about your wrist, and I have no way to promise nothing like this will happen again, but if you decide to keep me around, I would gladly be here to catch up when you're ready to stop running.”
Steve met Dr. Erskine when he was in the hospital with a bad case of pneumonia. He was in the hospital looking for patients with weak immune systems for a study to produce a new drug therapy that could help patients with low immune systems and even potentially AIDS. At first, his mother had said no. That Steve had been through enough and didn’t need to be poked and prodded. But Erskine was a smart man and eventually convinced her it was the only way to save Steve, which might have actually been true.
Stephen sighs. “I got this job, because I like money, and successful surgeries. Fixing broken people satisfies me. It keeps me busy, and I’m never bored. I did not get into this job for fame or status. I’m the type of guy who sits at the bar hiding from people during charity events. That’s not the same guy who runs around telling other people’s business.” He stands. “You’ve got a lot going on Tony, you need help. If you don’t want to get it from the people you know, that’s your decision. I’ll be here to help you instead if you want. For now I’m going to go see how soon we can get those scans.”
When he passes the kitchen, he notices the mail slid through his door slot. Was it already Monday? He thought it was Sunday, but there the mail was, proving him wrong.
“Who’s Rocket?” You ask.
For a moment in time, she’d thought her death would be at Peter’s hand. Somehow that was a comforting form of death. He would free her from the never-ending fight against death, helping her welcome it as so many did before her. Just like her mother. Heaven wasn’t something she believed in, nor did she believe in hell. In her mind, there was just a place… no particular landscape, where all the dead go, good and bad, everyone who’s ever died goes there and they stay there in that place, peacefully for the rest of eternity.
“Have you always been able to hear voices of the dead? Or well… just voices?”
“Stay still for me Tony, you must be tired.” Killian leaned forward and whispered in his ear. “I’ll make it good for you.” Tony pushed at Killian, he tried to back away, free himself from the pain and torture, but there was nowhere to go, Killian wouldn’t move an inch, he was too strong, and Tony too weak. His body wouldn’t listen to him.
Somehow he was this, a sad excuse for owner of Stark Industries, hiding away in this apartment. He had a plethora of mental problems, untreated at this point, avoiding his own doctor because somehow he managed to screw
“Yeah, I guess.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I lost.”
Bucky: Barely, is good enough.
He thinks back to the man- his soulmate. God Tony doesn’t even know his name. He barely knows what the man looks like. Tony hardly ever makes eye contact with people. He always keeps his head down to avoid being recognized. Not that it’s such a difficult task. He’s lost fifty-pounds since he was last seen in public, and he shaves instead of taking the time to shape his goatee. It makes him look like a completely different person.
“Yeah we can work that out hopefully.”
Tony sits up slowly yawning and stretching his limbs. His stomach cramps and then rumbles loudly. “Sure thing.” He stands, making his way to the kitchen and looking through the fridge for his options.  Eventually he settles on a sandwich. He haphazardly throws the ingredients on the counter behind him.
“Huh, that’s really rare. I think there’s like one or two people with that this century, one of them is a really famous guy.”
“What stupid thoughts?”
The worst of it in your palm cut three different places causing the skin to flap horribly, you could tell because of the number of stitches Steve had placed there and around the whole area.
“Well, you are right?” Tony asks, looking back up.
telling me how he’s not ready to see you yet.”
“Good.” The bracelets stop their beeping and he puts them on. Looking over them. He looks up to you. “Nanobots, for my suit. I didn’t have enough last time, but I’ve got more now.”
“Painful? Why?”
He’s sure Steve would understand, after all it’s not a date. This is him finally getting the arm fixed, which Steve has been hounding him about for years. Besides, if he backs out now, Tony might think he’s uncomfortable being touched, which is very much not the case.
"Yeah, let me just change, spilled some beer on my shirt and don't need the rumors starting."
At Tony's desk in the bedroom, in the early light of New York City, he began typing. The soft clicks quiet as he worked the keys to title his new story.
The answering yell of, "BACON!" had him chuckling as Bruce answered.
It was her own secret escape. The ability for just a short time to be normal. She wondered at how many pictures of herself ended up on Facebook, or if anyone ever wondered what happened to the pretty redhead they had spent the morning with.
Laying his hands over the shell, Howard spoke,
After that, it wasn't long before Tony was shuddering into the water, coming again.
"That was days ago, Stark."
"And I
"As do you, my friend." He opens the door for Tony, gesturing him inside. "Till we meet again, eh?"
"Hide?"
"Right? Guilty guilty guilty." He looked at Steve. "Throw the book at 'em!"
Taking off to the door, clearly done with him, she groaned, "Ugh! He's really rubbed off on you!"
Clint was already back into the refrigerator, gathering lettuce, tomatoes, cucumbers, really any vegetable he could find that he wouldn't mind eating raw.
"I think this is exactly what Tony needs. To know who his father was, to get to know him and maybe
"But Steve's not straight," she countered, wiggling the phone in her hand, "this proves it. It's so obviously him."
It was close, but hearing those words--that he was going to be fine--almost set him off into tears again, but Tony composed himself. Though he'd probably be crying in Steve's arms later, if he was being completely honest.
"I can still hear you." Tony tries to cross his arms over his chest, but the pain flares, and he drops his hands to the bed. "I maintain it wasn't my fault." The back of his hand itches where they moved the IV when he accidentally pulled the other one from the crook of his elbow. ‘Accidentally’ being the operative word there.
The sketchbook landed with a plop on his bed, and the charcoal right after, his wrist flexing like it did so many times with his shield. The movements were practiced, honed, and accurate.
The honesty. It was hard to comprehend. That he could open up so wholly to one person. That for the first time in his life, he didn't feel the anxiety of having someone know what went on in his head.
"Come for me, angel." Letting go of one of Tony's hands, Steve wrapped it around Tony, stroking in time with their movements. "Come on, love. Let go."
Stopping, Rhodey turned and patted Bruce's shoulder comfortingly. "I'm going to try."
long before this.
"I maintain the right to write down all the things I
Disappointed, Tony sits back, sulking. "Boo. But understandable." He lifts his hand and points at Coulson, "But when we get there, you've got a whopper of a story for me?"
"No, I knew he was going to be trouble." He let the television play through the rest of the footage from the battle, raising his eyebrows as Thor sent the lightning into the dragon.
"Bratwurst or schweinshaxe?" Tony asked, looking over his menu at Steve and Bruce, though Steve couldn't see it. He had his nose buried in the folds of the pages, sometimes making a noise of appreciation for what he saw and sometimes making a sound of disgust. Tony shook his head, amused, and turned to Bruce.
The group of survivors is depressingly small. Natasha, Bruce, Steve, Okoye, M’Baku, Rocket, Rhody, and Shuri. There’s some other’s Steve doesn’t know their names, they are scattered from different tribes.
Steve spends the rest of his shift thinking about it. Tony rejecting them. Him. He seems quite eager to look at Bucky’s arm which was unexpected but makes sense all things considered. Tony works with machines. Of course, he's drawn to one attached to his soulmate. Just like Steve always said. Bucky’s soulmate would be perfect for him. Able to accept Bucky in all ways. But it's not the same for Steve. He didn’t just get s new limb. He wasn't in an accident. He was sickly. Supposed to die as a child. He was changed by science. By Dr. Erskine. He can't block the sad thought that sneaks into his mind.
A glow of green catches your eyes, and your eyes widen in surprise.
Steve’s eyes go wide. “Really? What makes you think that?”
“You are going to sit here.” He pulls the chair from under his desk and spins it around. Pulling up a stool from the counter next to it. “I’ll sit here. But first, I’ll need to see the whole arm, so you’ll have to lose the shirt.”
“Tell that to Peggy.”
“Steve.” Bucky shakes his head. “Maybe it only affects one of us at a time. It’d be kind of problematic if all three of us felt anxiety or fear at the same time. One of us has got to be sane and strong.”
But Tony was smart and private. Steve wasn’t able to truly learn anything of value.
“I’m not that bad!” Bucky protests. Steve doesn’t agree but he stops with the teasing.
“Might I suggest we limit it to three choices as you did with the pizza.”
He can see Bucky shake his head in the corner of his eye. “Are you- another soulmate? You think Stevie and I are soulmates too?”
He closes his eyes and falls asleep almost immediately.
“Oh god, it’s been so long.” He groans, stretching out, back cracking. His whole body feels stiff and sore. But that’s nothing new. He’s always got aches and pains. His skin is pale and weak from lack of sunlight, he rarely ever leaves his apartment, and when he does, it’s always at night.
“I guess not.” Brock shrugs. “Trying to start on a good foot, you know? I know everyone thinks I’m a hardass but I can be a team player.”
Steve breathes a sigh of relief and looks up at the ceiling. “Okay. I’ll go.” Bucky pushes himself face up and stares at Steve.
“I suppose that’s true.” He nods, understanding somehow. Maybe because he lost someone close to him as well. You don’t dwell on those thoughts. You’re just too tired for that trip down depression lane. "You know, Bucky and I used to share an apartment after my Ma died. It was so long ago, yet sometimes I remember it like it just happened. Anyway, it was this ratty old place. Leaks, holes in the walls, rats, roaches. Anything you could think of. What I most remember is the sounds, you could hear it if someone dropped a pen two apartment’s over. It made it hard to sleep.” Now you’re starting to see him getting to a point. “Eventually, we realized, it wasn’t all noises that kept us from sleep. But unexpected ones, that constantly range in volume and pitch. So we would take turns helping each other fall asleep, just talking quietly to each other, and-” Steve chuckles. “And Bucky would even go as far to sing every night.”
The scans are easy Tony even gets to sit for them. It’s a simple X-ray they take about three images and Stephen finally manages to get him something for the pain. After that comes the food proposal.
He makes two sandwiches sloppily because he's still half asleep, and he throws everything back in the fridge, and takes a huge bite. Grabbing a rag from the drawer and wets it then wipes the counter lightly before grabbing his plate and moving towards the workbench.
“No. I told you, I’m not one for meddling.”
“Somewhere with pizza.”
As much as he doesn’t like being touched or talking to strangers. He prefers it to having to give himself stitches again, that was just too painful, he’d rather scar and having to go through a slow healing process.
“You can keep it if you want.” Steve shrugs. “I’ve been drawing for a while.”
“No.” He straightened his back, matching Tony’s attentive posture. “I haven't spoken to him since before he went over to get his arm checked out. How'd that go?”
“Who is it?” He mumbles, voice rough from dryness. He’d drooled all over his sleeve and now his throat is sore. Not to mention the crick in his neck from the crouched position he was sitting in.
She stands gathering her papers before she stops still. “You knew I had a meeting, you purposely called me right before my meeting, didn’t you?”
“Why didn’t I feel it?” He asks eventually. Bucky tsks, shrugging.
“Good.” you think back on the stones. On your sacrifice. You don't remember what it was. “Why didn't you tell me? About Gamora, or my sacrifice?”
“What?”
He accounts it to his long stretch without human contact. It’s left him weakened, and touch starved, and to have someone in front of him offering it up on a silver platter, it’s so hard to find the temptation to decline.
“I don't do boredom very well.” Tony shrugged. “You know, if you told me, that it was you who broke the counter, I wouldn't have been mad. Confused, yeah, excited, probably.”
“Besides half of the population in the entire universe turning to dust? Nah, it’s been a pretty chill weekend otherwise.”  The bark of laughter Steve lets out almost startles you.
Steve sighed, deeply enough Tony stirred, beginning to wake. He quickly sent out the room number and reminded him which entrances to use before sliding the phone into his pocket.
God, just looking at the sketch makes him want to draw Tony into his arms and never let go.
Steve chuckles. “Yeah, believe it or not, there has been a whole lot of waiting.”
“While it is courteous to offer a drink and maybe a snack while having guests, I believe cooking would only add to your anxiety. I suggest ordering something.”
“What!? Right now? It’s six in the morning!”
“Would you like any toppings?”
“My metal arm?” He asks, surprises heavy in his voice.
Tony: Interesting, Lol, it's like fight club
Tony: Okay
Stephen reminds you.
You smile. Not knowing what he means by suit, but not wanting to ask about it either.
He pulls his shirt over his head and drops it to the floor. You could just barely see the faint outlines of his ribcage if he moves they only gain a better impression on his skin. His arms are so thin, they look like they could snap like twigs. His hips are bony and curved just over the bone.
“You haven’t even met them yet!”
“You did well. I’ve seen Natasha do enough quick stitches to know you weren’t too bad.”
The things he said after they kissed, that horrible reaction. The doubts about their bonds, their relationship itself. To think they would ever regret meeting him.
Bucky snorts. “Bruce isn’t shy. He’s just got some severe OCD. He doesn’t like when people touch his stuff or him. He’s got his own way of doing things.”
That kind of fear isn’t something Steve’s ever wanted to share with anyone.
“Tony, I swear to you they aren’t. I know we haven’t talked in a long time, we aren’t on good terms, but this you can trust me on. They are out there. All of them. We’re going to get them back. Dr. Strange has a plan.”
Stephen grabbed a stool and rolled it a bit closer before sitting on it. “Let’s start with your health. How have you been eating?”
“Really? What are you goin’ to say?”
Tony inhales sharply and stands from the counter quickly, speed walking to the bathroom. “Give me a second.” He manages to yell over his shoulder as he closes the door behind him and turns the faucet on, kneeling to the ground and taking deep breaths.
“Y/n speaks to him. But yeah, he’s there. He gave directions for cleaning and stitching you up.”
“Yeah I know, but um, Bruce, I need the doctor because I hurt him. I think his wrist is broken, and he’s scared to go to the doctor, he’s hiding from someone. He’s really scared. I don’t know what else to do.”
“Hey Pep. How’s it going?” His voice was easy, but thin. That didn’t stop the smile from blooming on her face.
“No.” Steve shook his head. “He said something about a guy. Killian? That he's looking for him. I don't know much beyond that besides he's scared. Why, do you know something?”
“But not you. Forever standing out and shining bright aren’t you Cap.”
“What’s that supposed to mean? You got the hots for me Stevie?”
“W-where is it?” You try to breathe out, your head feels heavy, all of you feels heavy honestly. Your heart is beating way to fast, and your skin feels so cold.
Steve nods, thinking it over. He’s never actually heard of anyone running form their soulmate the moment they met. It’s usually the opposite. Immediate declarations of love, or some sudden and loud PDA. Some sit down and get to know each other. There are times when people have not been in a good place in their day or life in general and just exchanged contact information.
There are a few more moments of easy silence after that, and Tony feels the way Steve stiffens slightly, then stands.
He doesn’t need that, he has Jarvis. Always knowing what to do, what to say. Sometimes Tony forgets that he’s not the real Jarvis, who used to take care of him when his parents were away and would tuck him into bed, and make him hot chocolate in the middle of the night.
“But-” You look down at the torn stitches on your palm. “But my right hand is hurt.”
“No, just a freak.”
“I don’t know.” You whisper, not that you know why Thanos thinks he can tell you about the eventfulness of your life, you can’t deny in comparison to being on an alien planet fighting for magical rocks because half the universe is trapped in one of them does make your life seem a little uneventful in comparison.
“Then I’ll wait right here until you are.”
“Adam.” He mumbles around a cookie, crumbs flying everywhere.
“Doesn’t it?” Steve stepped forward. “Because I think it’s the reason you didn’t talk to me when you got home, and why Tony was
“You’ve had this for twenty years?” Tony asks, trying to clarify because that can’t be right.
“Stephen says he’s alive, and that you three need to be with him.”
“You barely got any before your nightmare. Then all this happened, you must be exhausted.”
“I believe you have everything you need.”
That can’t be true. It’s rare to have more than one soulmate, but-but he always thought it was a three way bond. “So you two are just… dating then?”
“That has nothing to do with this.”
Stephen says, and you repeat the words to Steve. Which only deepens the concern in his gaze.
Tony hesitated. “Why?”
“I didn’t ask about money… I just made an observation.”
“The Guardians of the Galaxy? They’re all here.”
“That doesn’t sound good.”
“Soulmate, singular?”
“I-” Tony leans up and compulsively runs a hand through his hair. “Uh, answer it.” He clears his throat just before Jarvis connects. “Hello?” Tony asks, head turned up to the ceiling where the speakers and microphones are, he’d probably feel more comfortable talking into his phone, but his hands feel weak and sweaty, so his phone would probably fall out of his hands.
As you get older and see a few soulmate bonds in action you realize it’s not as magical as you think. There aren’t sparks. There aren’t explosions going off when you finally touch. Things aren’t easy.
Steve contains a grimace as he walks into the gym. It always stinks to his hypersensitive nose, but this is worse. His senses are attacked with the smell of bleach and it’s overwhelming. He’s used to the smell of sweat and musk, that’s what you’d expect a gym to smell like. Not ammonia and bleach. Bucky was right, Brock back with his overbearing need to overwork everyone. Probably demanding everything be bleached despite that all the machines are wiped down and the floors sanitized every night. Apparently, that’s not good enough for the man. Steve goes to the locker room and puts his stuff away before heading out, checking his schedule for today.
A kid had seen you from down the road, scared and alone he went to the first person he’d seen in hours. You didn’t notice him, eyes trained on the dead woman and creature. The boy's eyes went to it as soon as it was in view. He screamed, the creature snapped its head up looking right at the boy and charged without hesitation.
You grin. “He might have mentioned it.”
“Yeah.” Stephen agrees.
“Greasy? I probably should have washed my hair, I would have- had I known this was going to be a part of today's activities.”
Steve sighs giving up, and Bucky smiles, this is the first time he’s seen Steve out stubborned.
All of the clues to how this ends is starting to get drizzled in. I wonder if some of you are going to be able to guess it before it happens.
“Don’t.” He strains. “Don’t say my name.” That’s the last thing Bucky said.
He was fourteen and it was just before Christmas. They'd all just got back from a short vacation in the Bahamas and were jetlagged. Howard had decided to drive since Jarvis had been across the city with his own family.
You flinch at the urgency in his voice.
“And you can? Fix this sort of thing, I mean.”
Bruce stops struggling and looks at her, eyes wide. “That’s it! You have to shoot me.” She gives him a look but he speaks again before she can. “No, you don’t understand. This whole last two years he’s been getting more conscious, louder in my head, he thinks for himself, it’s not all rage anymore. It’s why he’s scared. For the first time, he’s thinking before he’s acting, and he’s terrified. He’s no longer just a big green rage monster, he’s a person, and like any person, you need to push the right buttons to get them to do what they need to. So, make him mad, shoot me.”
“Dr. Strange? Did you speak to him? When?”
“That’s okay.” Bucky shrugs. “Then I’ll wait.”
“Tony.” Bucky whispers to himself. As if saying the name might summon the man himself out of thin air.
“It’s between the couch seats, it’s also dead.”
But now he’s thinking about them. Every single scenario that could have caused his soulmate to run away at the gym. Every reason why his soulmate could run away again.
The strength came about a year later. He was watching some poor kid gets bullied, and he had enough. At the time, he didn’t look how he did now, piled with muscles. He looked lanky, only growing in height at that point. Muscle mass was soon on its way. One kid had shoved him, laughing off his attempted to tell them to back off peacefully. So, he shoved them back. But instead of just falling, the kid cleared a few feet off the ground with the force of it, landing on a row of lockers denting them.
The movie begins and Tony has a hard time focusing on it. Hyper aware of every breath or micromovement. By the time he calms enough to watch the movie he’s in for a ride.
It took a few years for him to actually draw something that looked realistic, or perfect compared to the image in his mind’s eye. But once he did, he mastered it. Now, he could look at almost anything and draw it perfectly to scale in minutes. Almost as if you’d snapped a photo and printed it out.
“Wake up!” There’s a sob and some heavy sniffling. “Wake up!” It’s a boy, probably young from the sound of his voice.
“Safe? As opposed to what when you’re here?”
“If I missed you I would have called.” Tony rolls his eyes, settling back into the chair.
“Where from sir.”
“Why do you focus on the one failure? Every day you show restraint, every day you see and work with people none of which you hurt. I understand the fear of not bein’ in control of yourself. I understand you more than anyone else could possibly begin, but you gotta see how much good you do. If you focus on the bad of course you’re going to feel bad. That’s just how it goes. You can’t start doubtin’ yourself, and your soulmate. Your hope and unwavering will about this was the only thing keeping me sane when I thought I wouldn’t ever meet mine. Don’t lose it now, please. We both need it, and maybe so will Tony.”
He hates the way Steve’s looking at him. He hates that it’s not anger, and he hates that some part of him is relieved it isn’t. He hates how he can’t decide what he wants, other than the fact that he knows he needs to be out of this room, he needs to be alone, he needs to breathe.
You drop to your knee until it passes, hearing a new voice. It’s so unfocused and panicked. It’s yelling for someone. An Aunt May, and Mr. Stark. You know Mr. Stark to be Tony, but not the other.
He liked the feeling of Tony’s eyes on him. The man hardly did that those last few months before he disappeared.  Killian shook his head. Irritated at his own impatience. It was foolish to jump so far so fast in those few days. Not after he’d been working on Tony for years. It just felt right at the time, and Tony seemed to be ready. He was broken up with Pepper, the night terrors coming back. Maybe the factors were set too high, he muses, pursing his lips in thought.
“Great. But first, there’s someone special here who’s been by your side these last two days.” He steps out of the room, and comes back a few seconds later, following behind him is a woman carrying a baby.
Stephen paused, eyes darted to Tony's sleeping form, then back to Steve. “How long have you known Tony?”
“Hey.” He smiled leaning closer to the bed. “Welcome back to the land of the conscious.”
“What?” Tony asks when he realizes they’re just staring at him. “I got something on my face?”
“Scouts honor.” That’s all Bucky says before Tony finds himself face first pressed against a very muscled chest and the smell of pizza and coconut fills his nose. The pizza he knows where came from, the coconut is very much a mystery, but he doesn’t mind.
There’s a long silence between them. Each second weights down on Tony like a sack of bricks.
“Sorry.” You say, pointing the flashlight down as the step forward.
“it was foolish for you to come here,” Thanos says, looking to the horizon not even bothering to give Thor so much as his gaze. “You will not win against me.”
“Sir, you haven’t eaten in thirteen hours, you’ve also stressed your body physically in ways you haven’t in months, I suggest you eat and rest.”
“You couldn't stop Tony from attacking you? He's like two pounds Steve, and you're basically superhuman.”
In that moment, of intense pain, something cleared in your mind. The endless chatter of voices, some calling out, hearing you in pain, others still chattering amongst themselves, it all silenced for a handful of seconds, and there was one clear voice that spoke. Asking you a question.
What Steve regretted the most. Was letting it go too far. People almost died. People were permanently injured. That’s the kind of thing that falls way too close to the unforgivable line. Reasons and motives aside it shouldn’t have gotten that far. As a leader, as someone who people looked to Steve should have tried to find a peaceful way to resolve it. Hell, Tony was trying to find the peaceful way. Just bring everyone in, and work on it back at the Tower on their own terms.
“He says you’ll know when you see him.” You answer Bruce’s question.
“Good luck with that.” Steve snorted.
“Yeah. I was thinkin’ maybe you could go an’ knock on his door. Talk me up to him.”
Once Steve gets the sand up, he decides to call it a night. His shift was up an hour ago, but he could use the overtime, and he hates leaving Bucky here to man the place by himself. He heads to the locker room after doing a quick survey of the gym and not seeing him anywhere else.
“Yeah.” Bucky agrees. “Didn't Fury call us co-dependent?”
“Yeah, yeah, Pepper I know, things are crazy. I just need you to round up anyone you can and meet up at the tower. Friday is up and ready. She’ll do whatever you tell her.” He pauses for a moment and listens. “No, I probably won’t be here. Well, I gotta try and fix this- yeah, Steve’s here. No- no- they’re dead or whatever. I don’t know at this point. - Okay… be safe.” He hangs up and drops the phone on the table in front of you. “Fri you got everything charged up?”
He hasn’t drank in quite a while. Not since he lost all this weight, his tolerance might not be what he remembers, he’s only what? Half way though the bottle of whisky before he blacks out. The next thing he knows he’s lying on the floor of his hallway, with a splitting headache and sore body.
He stands from the floor carefully, moving slow, because of his headache and soreness, but also because he’s worried. Who knows he’s here? There’s no way Pepper or Rhody found his location, even if they did they’ve been respecting his silence, his distance. Even if they don’t know why the understand the need to get away from it all sometimes.
Surely, he didn’t have Steve’s sense of smell, and he hadn’t hugged long enough for Tony to get a good whiff. Bucky sure had thought. Unashamed at his obvious deep inhales and tight embrace. How unafraid Bucky was to hold Tony in his arms, not wanting to let go.
Tony realizes that’s why they aren’t talking. Goodness, he’s such an idiot. He literally ran from one and the other he practically ushered out of the building. They’re waiting for him to not act like mental case.
“You don’t know that.” Bucky steps out of the closet. Holding the glove. “It’s weird, and… it gets cold, it’s heavy, the skin around it bleeds and gets infected sometimes, and my temper when it hurts… it would make anyone go running. He’s already run from me once. I don’t want him to again.”
“Got no idea what you’re talkin’ about.” Bucky smiles. Tony can’t stop himself from smiling back. Even with pizza pushed to the side of his cheek Tony can’t deny how attractive Bucky looks, Steve too. Both tall, strong, easy smiles, and piercing eyes. They fit each other almost perfectly.
“I could stay, ‘m fine.”
He nodded to himself once finished, adjusting the arm to get a better look further down for any other frayed wires. The moment his hand rested on the arm Bucky snatched his arm out of the grip and nearly fell out of the chair with the force of the movement. .
“Oh, this is a scary movie.” Tony realizes aloud.
So, all her life, she’s been fighting death one way or another.
“Yes.”
“What’s the verdict?” He asks.
The ground rumbles with the force of their battling before Thanos begins to get his feet back from under him, a good swing right to Hulk’s face has the Hulk flying back several feet. Valkyrie uses the moment to her advantage, pressing ahead full thrusters. Ship careening full force at Thanos.
“When you’ve got a thousand teenagers and kids coming in and out of the tower every day, safety protocols are your new best friend.” Tony chuckles. Pepper had said something along those same lines when he handed her two-hundred pages worth of updated information and security codes. After getting past the shock of the upgraded system she calmed down and was on board. Accidents happen all the time, and being this prepared prevents them, and also is great for avoiding lawsuits.
Tony looks at the man’s hands, and his eyes go wide at the color change. He lifts his shirt and examines his hip. Sure enough, the handprint on his hip had turned a dark red too.
“I was just...it all happened so fast. One minute everyone was there, the next they were all gone.”
He doesn’t eat regularly, and when he does, it isn’t anything healthy. Jarvis often reminds Tony he’s lacking in much-needed vitamin’s which is leading to aches and pains.
“You sacrificed yourself to free us. In doing so, the Infinity Stones shattered, whatever was left of their power, went into you. Allowing you to cheat death.” Stephen explained. It was a theory he, Tony, and Bruce had all come together to make sense of it all as you were here healing.
“I guess that’s something about me I hope never changes.”
“Alright, Sir. Will that complete the order?”
“Is this a hobby- or a job?” Steve asks.
You wait thirty seconds after they’ve all left and are out of sight before you move, heading down the tunnels. You turn the flashlight on and follow the largest straight tunnel you find, just like Stephen told you to. Trying not to let fear slow you down or chicken out. This was important and everyone had their part to play. This was yours.
“Then we need to wake Y/n up.”
Anger like what he feels comes with failure.
“Who?”
“If you didn’t you would have thrown the phone away. Instead, you had it on you.” Bruce had explained how he got the phone from Tony and managed to call them. So, Steve knows they weren’t in the tower when Tony realized they needed to call Steve so Tony had to have been walking around with the phone on him.
“I think I’d know if I was feeling deep amounts of anxiety and fear.”
“Illnesses I should be aware of?”
Stephen says.
“I’ve got pretty good hearing, you never know.” He jokes. There’s a short pause before he continues. “So what’s it like? The voices?”
“Uh all of them?” He shrugs.
“You’ve been sitting there a few minutes, staring off into space.”
Steve: Okay, I’ll talk to Bucky
“So something bad is about to happen.”
Steve shrugs. “I don’t know. That my best friend in the world is a huge punk and is too nervous to come over and talk to his own soulmate so he sent me.” Steve smiles. “Then I’ll probably tell him how you hog the pie when your sister makes us some. I’ll also mention that when you find a new movie you like you to watch it over and over again until you’re either sick of it, or you know it by heart.” Bucky laughs at that because it’s true. “Maybe I’ll tell him how you like to think you can cook, but if I wasn’t a science experiment as I child, I probably would have died of salmonella poisoning years ago.”
She relaxes at that, face expression softening. “I will.”
He knows this road, he knows that car, he knows this day.
“Oh god,” Steve says, ripping his shirt open to get a better look. The wound goes through Tony’s side all the way.
Just another unexpected turn of events.
Steve shrugs. Almost everyone in the gym gossips about why they have to keep ordering new ones. Fury already knows about Steve’s strength issue and just told him as long as it’s the bags he doesn’t give a damn how many he goes through.
“Ooh, gimmie.” Tony actually makes a grabby hand motion towards the arm. He’s got just enough self-control not to reach out and touch it himself. Personal boundaries, he has them and respects them. Bucky looks confused a moment.
“Yeah, sure.” Tony’s kind of thankful he said it because he didn’t want to kick them out just so he could take a nap. They all stand, and Tony walks them to the door. Tony’s just opened the door when Bucky suddenly turns, looking a bit nervous again.
“Really.” Brock laughs. “Come on, let’s start over.” He holds his hand out to shake, and Steve can’t find it in himself to be an asshole enough not to take it. Apparently not being an asshole was a mistake. When Brock pulled away looking down at his hand. “Do my eyes deceive me or do you have a blue soul-mark.”
The processes is as baffling as it is annoying.
. The cabinet above also had the same sign, further inspection showed that in it were the things he needed to stay away from: wheat bread, regular cookies, regular breadcrumbs, regular pasta, all storable items that contained gluten. Directly next to that counter was the sink, a barrier between what was cleaned and what wasn't.
And on the days and weeks that Tony couldn't, he was absolutely fine with no sex.
"Oh my god." Awe. That's what it was. Awe at how reactive Tony was, how sensitive that spot inside him turned out to be.
Pushing the chocolate closer to remind Tony that it was there, she said, "That bad huh?"
"-I know that!" He scoffed, tossing the helmet back onto the work bench, "But I also know - in case you missed the memo, I
"Tony!"
"And so are you," Steve whispered, tightening his hold on Tony's body and rocking softly. "You conquer everything thrown at you."
"I mean to be fair, Howard's got twenty years on you." Steve turned away and Tony threw his head back, groaning; it was a bad time for a joke. "I know, Steve. But he's going to find out. Wouldn't it be better that he finds out from me?"
"He's affable enough," she quipped, lining up three clean glasses, "it's Pepper and Rhodey he has to worry about." She smiled widely at Howard at that, "Scotch or bourbon?"
"Met an old friend, he let me take his plane back." Tony jerks his thumb over his shoulder. "He's going to take mine when it's fixed. I slept the whole way."
all that much help." He pulled her briefcase toward him, plucking the file on top of the orderly pile. "Tour contracts, did you say?"
A weird, pained expression grew on Steve's face, starting in his eyes and cascading down to his mouth. Tony feared he knew, but this was not a conversation he wanted to have at the house. It was better to be in the air, where Steve couldn't delay their return, where there was a finite amount of time to discuss it.
But his upbringing stood out like a stain of Thor's favorite cloak; regardless of the beauty of the material, it was an oily mark anyone could see. Like the cloak, it was still useful and still his favorite; he continued to wear it no matter how obvious it was, because things - like life - never stay perfect. There was a grace in those imperfections. He may hate the way Tony was raised, but it made him who he was and that was a person whom Thor loved.
But she's already shoved him into the hallway and slammed the door. When he turns around to re-enter and demand to know what's going on, the door is gone, leaving only a smooth, white wall. He has no choice but to follow her directions.
Rhodey was shaking his head, "Chopped liver."
"I wanted to marry her."
"How?" Steve whined, "How did you know?"
"Need any help?"
Steve felt his heart drop. "Okay, angel. Can you take a few swallows of the smoothie at least? Put something in your stomach?"
"A bit too much. If you ask me, trying to relax and drink my weight in tequila means the last thing I want to hear is a 37-minute off-key attempt at a Gregorian chant."
"Who says we would lock him away?" At their incredulous looks, she wilted. "Right, so maybe SHIELD would have. Wouldn't have been my first choice."
Laughing, Steve tugged Tony's arm. "Come on, up!" It was a testament to their relationship that Tony listened. He put his arm around the smaller man's waist, carefully guiding him to the elevator. Tony's skin felt cold to the touch. "Babe, you're
This is it! This is the end! I hope you all enjoyed!
he had been overjoyed at the chance of meeting one of his heroes. Being best friends with Tony Stark had its perks, after all.
Though the helicopter is loud, Tony is glad to hear it. He leans against Rhodey, drinking in every detail of his best friend. Knowing how close to being separated for an indeterminate amount of time they were, and after already spending three months not knowing if Rhodey had died in the attack, Tony is just really, really happy to be with him. Rhodey doesn't seem to mind at all. He puts his arm around Tony's shoulder and pulls him close, his body still shaking from the adrenaline of finding him. It's too noisy for words, but they don't need them. Forgoing protocol, Rhodey has removed his helmet, and he lays his head against Tony's. None of the other servicemen pay them any mind; they're content to let two best friends have their moment.
Steve's laugh disappeared into the bathroom. He returned moments later with a wet washcloth and lifted Tony's legs to wipe his bottom and thighs before cleaning himself up as well.
Natasha knew. She always did.
"I hear that they have great cheese."
Stuck in the hospital together, some things are said.
"How many different ways do you know how to kill me?"
"Actually, yes. Stevie made this lovely, and very British tea for us, like the wonderful homemaker he is, and we should drink it." Rhodey was trying to diffuse the tension, and Steve had to admit he was good at it.
Steve almost came at the very thought. They had to finish this or he was going to ruin the fun.
And they slept.
Steve took the plate from Tony's hands, setting his file down and taking over the dishes. Rhodey was grateful for him as Tony started to tremble, just a little, as his facade started to crack.
"Anthony." Tony shuts the door behind him and faces the interior of the room. A tall black man greets him with large and beautiful silver wings. "I am The Angel Joseph, head of The Protectors. Come in and please, have a seat." Joseph motions to a sitting area with a long, vintage couch with floral designs and a matching armchair. It's rather pretty for such a masculine guy, but then again, so are his wings. Somehow it all pulls together and makes Tony feel welcome and safe. Behind the sitting area stands floor-to-ceiling windows, and outside, a bright, blue sky expands forever outwards, the sun shining down on what looks like little villages.
And that was the problem, wasn't it? He really did have no idea.
Tony made a sound around Steve's cock as he pulled out again. He rasped, his abused throat fighting to make sound. "Me too,
"I-you...I mean...Asshole."
legs wrapped around his waist, he pushed in, mindful of the gasps below him. He kept it slow, giving Tony a chance to adjust to him inch by inch.
"And then what?" Tony asks, feeling a little lightheaded. The idea of being dragged to hell is horrifying. "We're just...trapped? There? In the...the other place?" He's named it before. Used the word a million times, but knowing what he knows how… it's become too real.
"Take me to bed, Steve." Tony breathed. Aware of his own cheesiness and for once not caring. All he wanted was to connect with Steve intimately.
It was a testament to both their bond to each other and their commitment to their fans. Natasha knew that there were worse acts out there to manage. But they were still considered poison to work for. She
Shrugging, Steve peers at him. "You should be asleep too, you know."
"Out! Out of my chair and out of my room!" Steve's face was doing an incredible impersonation of a tomato.
There was no music playing in the workshop.
Steve's, well, Steve's
, Natasha. Think about being
Steve, looking so dejected and forlorn, clashes hard with the warmth Tony is trying to soak up through his own cable knit sweater. It's been rough on all of them lately, but if there's one thing Tony is trying to learn, it's to take happiness where you can. Despite the nightmares and the sleepless tossing and turning in his bed, Tony is trying, for once in his life, just to let it be. He fails, more often than not; he is a work in progress, he knows. But it's still progress.
Clint snatched it away. "Mine."
He kissed her forehead. "We will. I got it taken care of. Just start thinking of what ya gonna wear when we get there and you feel better and can go out dancing again."
"I'm glad my childhood obsession is so funny to you!" But Tony is laughing with him. It's nice to hear Steve laugh, just as nice as it is to see the way the orange sky reflects off of Steve's hair and the way the streetlights glitter in his cerulean eyes. The blue of his irises complements the sky in a way that has Tony's breath catching.
"Oh, sweet mother Mary! Fuck yes!" Steve stilled himself, worried he had done something wrong. "Do it again! Whatever the fuck that was, do it again!"
"Has it? At all?"
"Oh, ye of little faith," Tony shot back, twirling through the air and purposefully getting a little too close to Rhodey.
as many fans as the late 90's and early aughts, but the quantity was still nothing to scoff at. And they still screamed
"You okay, Boss?"
"Then why did you ask?"
The nod he gives is barely perceptible. "Yes, I do. Have to hide me. Have to hide it. She saved my life."
He knew his name now, and had the vague memory of his kindness the night before: Tony helping Howard change and get into bed in his drunken state, his soft words… With that in mind, he smiled at him, "I love this camera! It's amazing!"
Steve just rolled his eyes. "Promises, promises."
Tony took a breath and looked up, his eyes red and puffy, but with an alertness she hadn't seen in months. "So, what now, Doc?"
"Say thank you, my pretty little boy." Steve whispered in his ear, "give them a taste."
Taking her arm again, he leads her away, his voice dimming with distance, but Steve can just pick up the trails of his conversation. "When I proposed to you, do you remember? Down by the water. And we fed the ducks! You were so worried the ring would fall off because I had bought the wrong size!"
And somehow, she was supposed to manage them.
Tony's throat made a sound. He nodded and stood. This was new. Usually his partners took their clothes off for him. He wasn't actually sure he could do this. And for Tony to not be good at something, well, that was a fucking travesty. He tried to think back to all the times he'd witnessed others display themselves. Hookups, porns, even strippers.
"That is what I wanted to hear. The rest we can work on." Standing, Thor offered Howard his hand. "Come, I am hungry and hate to speak of such matters on an empty stomach! I have brought mead from Asgard, and candied fruit! And I would like to order several pizzas." Howard took his hand and allowed himself to be led back into the living room. "Tell me, Howard Stark, do you enjoy pineapple on pizza?"
, but I ain't the devil neither."
"All the luck in the world, sir. I am happy for you."
He really did have it bad.
"Patience, my angel," Steve muttered, still not done watching him, just yet. "Damn, Tony. You are so beautiful. Do you know that?"
"Where have you been!"
"Yeah, let's just go."
Raising his eyebrows, Tony is genuinely surprised. "I actually made it into Heaven."
"You seem awfully sure of that," he responded, disbelief coating his words.
"Soft and sweet. With tiny daggers that can maim you."
"Hey, yourself," Steve spoke softly, setting aside a shirt he had just folded and standing. "You hungry? Want something to drink?"
"Just shut up, Howard," Steve snapped, bullying his way in between them. Not like it was hard, Tony had kept the Grand Canyon between himself and Howard.
"You're in a good mood."
"I'll have the nurse bring some in," she says, marking in his chart. "You were knocked out of the sky, fell a long way. But aside from a few broken bones and superficial scratches, you're going to be okay." Pausing in her notes, she looks at him over the clipboard. "That is one heck of a suit, Mister Stark. It saved your life. You should be proud."
A smoothie and avocado toast. It would be enough to get at least half of both into Tony.
"I'll have security bring it up."
And stopped. It still smelled like Steve. And wouldn't that be perfect? Getting off while surrounded by the scent of the man he was hopelessly in love with?
"-Ha! Frosty!"
The little efficiency apartments they each stayed in were comfy, cozy, and high tech. Spacious enough for a small living area as well as their beds, and an alcove that housed a mini-fridge, a sink, and a small stove, with a line of three cabinets above. They each had their own en-suite bathrooms and medium-sized walk-in closets. But for all Bruce cared, it could be a box. What made it home was Tony and the other Avengers. And he hadn't had a home in so,
"Grow up, Barton."
Smiling softly, Tony pulled the menu from his hands. "Weisswurst. Trust me."
"How do we go along with what Natasha has planned and not alienate our core fanbase?" Steve mused, looking back at Thor and then to Bruce, "And we tried the Top 40 sound with
Of course it probably would have gone better had Tony not been still holding him in a vice grip, but the point was made.
Tony can feel the tautness of what he's learning. This is important. And this will eventually break his heart. "How do you know?"
"You punched him."
"You all share too much."
laughing," Tony said honestly. He motioned to Howard, pushing off the table, "I'll let you two do the talky thing. I had mine." He stepped up to Steve and slid a hand around his waist, pulling him close and tilting his head up to kiss him. "I'll meet you back upstairs?"
With a smile, Rhodey pushed off the door frame, walking into the kitchen. "They're together in Steve's room, talking. Been in there a while, so probably more than talking." At her raised eyebrows, he laughed. "Tony and I had a really good conversation before. He knows he was wrong breaking up with Steve. And I doubt Steve wouldn't take him back."
"I'm keeping the door open." Steve let him go, setting Tony back on his feet. "Just in case."
We're coming close to the end! What do you all think?
Saving Iron Man went a long way to garnering the respect from the general population.
Further down showed Tony, surrounded by journalists, trying to escape them and failing, Natasha hiding from several imposing men and woman in suits, Thor looking sadly at his brother while handcuffing him, Steve looking confusedly at a marquee with fans pointing, and Clint walking fast from a hot dog cart, shoving the food into his mouth with one hand as he took a pen from a little boy asking for an autograph.
Tony likes his blunt honesty. He can tell right off the bat that Clint is who he says he is and nothing more. It's refreshing. "We go way back," Tony says evasively about knowing Coulson. He adjusts his stance to what Clint has shown him.
Rhodey nodded, falling into parade rest, though his tense body language looked anything but restful. "Speak."
"Control your boyfriend, he's being a brat."
Just before he edges away into sleep, she whispers, "You don't have to hide anymore,
The thought made Tony swell with joy. "That sounds really nice actually."
"Whatever," she smirked, signaling the waiter. "Can we get another round, please?" When he left to head to the bar to refill their drinks, she looked back her phone, reading the text from Tony again. "Do you think he's in denial?"
"I don't care if you have to pretend, you will do what you have to in order to keep Tony happy. Do we have an understanding?"
Even Bucky couldn't control Steve. He could guide and offer direction and help, but he couldn't always get through Steve's thick head.
Were they just pretty words? Could Steve believe him?
He had received the spellbook from a high priestess of some super secret coven of sorts (read: stolen). Also, the abbreviation was now going to be SSSCofS, because
Two days later had Tony literally laying on top of Steve's naked form, happy and content, except for the grumbling in his stomach.
Steve winced. "Sorry, I'll try harder." He paused, thinking. "Maybe we should stay in my room until he goes back? It might be less, I don't know, in his face that we're together?"
"Hiya, sexy pants!"
Steve let out a breath and slightly adjusted himself on the seat. "Like this?" With another hard smack to color the smooth skin even more so, he pulled the toy up and out, using the fingers of his left hand to trail down the crevice of his bottom and pull the rim further open, and jammed the toy back and back out, picking up the speed and angling it as best he could through his lust filled haze.
"So I've been told," Clint responded, coming up for air from the box when he found what he was looking for. "Eat shit, Apple."
He should never have left his bed that morning.
As he slides into the backseat, Tony feels like a weight has lifted off of him; he doesn't see the shadow of Obie at the doors or the twisted glare on his face.
"Where are we on that anyway?" he asked but continued on before she could answer, "I spoke with Hill yesterday, and she knows something is up but granted me access to the archives. Next week, of course."
He was graced with a real smile. "I know it. Love you, Rhodey-Bear."
"Fiction. Right."
Able to step out of the suit with no problem, Rhodey looked impressed. "You were right," he relented, looking back as the armor closed up, "that is easier. Oh, I should tell you this place only takes cash."
, of course. He moved past Steve, "What are you doing here, Howard?"
"Thought this was apple pie, Nat?"
Tony was hard. Already. And nothing had even happened yet. He felt the same anticipation as his counterpart in the story. Ready and willing for Steve to use his pretty tongue inside him.
"Lies and slander!"
"I'm glad you can at least know that now."
Sometimes Steve doubted Howard ever knew Tony at all.
"I'm going into the office today. Gotta let them know I'm not dead."
up here?" It was said with a huff of exasperation and a slap to the mattress. Tony chuckled and wiggled his way out from under the bed.
Taking the eggs before Tony could drop them, Bruce swung around to walk to the table. "What? The great Tony Stark? Ticklish?" He traded a loaded look with Steve, "Impossible!"
"Are to!"
"I'm good, glad to be here! Sorry I'm late," she rushed right into business, laying her briefcase on the long oak table and gesturing for them to return to their seats, "I have the contracts for the tour, but first I want to talk about promo for the album. Have you decided on a first single yet?" Steve opened his mouth to speak, but she pressed on, always organized and a born leader. And also, the more she established friendly dominance to begin with, the better her chances at making it through the next eighteen months, "Never mind that, get your choices to me by email and I'll pick one. The music scene is changing again, so if you want to be relevant, we're going to have to-"
Steve pulled back, a smile playing on his lips, "Why do you taste like chocolate?"
"The fuck was that?" Tony laughed, rubbing his face where Steve bit.
"I don't know if I can do this."
She appreciated the attempt to get her to smile, but the sinking feeling in her stomach wouldn't dissipate. Something bad was coming.
In the early hours of the morning, when Steve woke, feeling rejuvenated like he hadn't in so long, he silently crept into the living room and into the elevator to retrieve his laptop where he had left it.
slid down the neck of the dying dragon and brandished a crossbow at Tony, who had stupidly exited his suit. "Jesus."
"Thirty minutes, tops."
"How did the water look?" he tossed over his shoulder as he finally found an MIT zip up hoodie that might have been his at some point.
Howard stood - and Steve pretended not to notice the wide girth he made to avoid moving too close to him - and sat next to Tony. "This is the camera!"
"I take happiness in eating! It is an enjoyable activity, and Midgard has so many new foods to offer me. Let us see," he said, opening the refrigerator, "I do think I saw a rather delectable looking...aha! Here it is!" He emerged with a box, chocolate cake Bruce had bought the day before for a treat after he had finished phase one of his new experiment. "Acquire us some plates and utensils, my friend, and I shall get the milk and divvy up some of this sugary confection!"
"Including my bookmarks?"
"Fury will be here soon," Hill warned, "so not too much longer. Have JARVIS alert them at least. And Dr. Banner and Thor?"
In the kitchen an hour later, he stood with the refrigerator door open for far longer than his usual frugal mindset would allow. It was a battle within him. Something nutritious that he knew Tony sorely needed versed something Tony might actually eat. His hand hovered over a bag of spring greens to make a salad before grabbing a carton of strawberries and a container of Greek yogurt. A smoothie. It was healthy, and Tony would absolutely drink it.
"Nat!" He scolded, surprised and quickly checking to make sure nothing was showing through the towel, "What are you doing?"
Michael shakes his head. "No, but I wanted better for you. That's why I put Happy, Rhodey, and Pepper in your way. So you could meet them and cultivate at least some meaningful relationships."
A line of police officers had set up a perimeter, and at the barricades three blocks down, after Steve had found two more civilians, he hastily handed them off to the cops. As he turned back, he felt the heat of the fire before he saw it. The dragon, with his mouth open wide, was burning a line down the center of the block.
- he walked back into his bedroom and grabbed a pair of socks. "Want to tell me why you found it necessary to hang out in my room while I was in the shower?"
There was a post-it note stuck to the coffee maker in the kitchen.
"Okay fine, it's marginally funny. Can you fix this?"
Tony waves his hand, placating. "JARVIS, be nice. I'll donate fifteen new PlayStation consoles if you leave Clint's alone." He hasn't even been up long, but already his eyes are slipping shut. That's what several days of only sleeping in increments would do to anyone, let alone someone recovering from being injured.
Steve on his side.
"I am Michael, Anthony, and I have a question for you. But it can wait. Come now, it's okay. It's almost over; no need to suffer endlessly."
angel. I know what you like, just like you know what I like." Steve sat up just enough to kiss Tony's forehead. "We're meant, doll. That's all there is to it."
Their walking ascended slightly and Tony looked up from his watch to find that they were on a bridge. And not just any bridge, but
Steve's eyes darkened. "I think we both know the answer to that, you insatiable maniac."
"Just going to the workshop, honey-buns, nothing to see here." Tony slipped his robe on and walked back to the edge of the bed, "Go back to sleep, it's only six."
Taking a seat, Tony gestures for Coulson to do the same  "Really? Follow the gossip rags? Or do you love technology?"
of his childhood. That sets
"And why not? We're sneaking around, almost getting caught. I can't touch you outside of our rooms, and it sucks, Steve! It really fucking sucks!"
Blindly reaching for the afghan on the back of the couch, Tony tugged it down. Steve helped him pull it over both of them, settling down to finally give into the urge to nap. Making up, the sex, and the talk had taken a lot out of them. It was time to rest.
Mouth opened slightly with the pleasure, Tony moaned, "l love you too, oh," he let out a puff of air, "oh, that feels so good…"
Surprise! I had created this chat as a way to plan out the last chapter and had never intended to share it, but then I figured, what the hell? It's fun, it made ME laugh while making it, and maybe you guys would enjoy it as well. So, enjoy some campy bonus content.
"I can set you up with a nutritionist, unless you have your own, and I've printed out some information on CD for you to start with. Stay gluten free, watch the cross contamination, and you're going to be just fine."
"Keep that on your face." Tony pulled his legs underneath himself and leaned his right elbow on the back of the couch, a mild headache forming behind his eyes. "I had a bad childhood."
"Tony," Steve says softly, continuing the comforting massage of Tony's scalp, "I'm going to take you to your bed, is that okay?"
Tony, well practiced in eye exams, did as he was told -- completely missing the innuendo -- and propped his chin up, adjusting his head until he could look through the lens. He closed one eye and began to read without being prompted. It was almost cute. "D...O...Y...O -- U? Is that a U or an O?"
"Tony?"
She leveled Nat with a glare. "I'll bet."
Tony smiled brightly up at Steve, feeling his heart swell with the depth of his love for him. He was honestly the luckiest son of a bitch there was. Although, son of a bitch wasn't exactly true anymore, was it? For once, true contentment settled over him.
"Of course, Captain."
He let his hand rest on the glass before knocking lightly, and Tony jumped, hands grabbing at a socket wrench as he reeled around on the stool, ready to defend himself. His body relaxed upon seeing Steve, and he let the wrench fall back to the workbench. His mouth moved, speaking words Steve couldn't hear to JARVIS, and the doors slid open.
They were smart. Wise. They deserved more respect than a fake play at cheerleader.
"Oh, would you look at that!" Brandishing the spatula, Tony grinned. "Tag you're it. I'm going to shower. Think I'm covered in your jizz."
had given nothing away. Tony, Steve, and Bruce had come back not long after.
That was the wormhole. This is tumbling sky. A vast expanse of blue dotted with clouds. Twisting, turning, free falling until he sees the green of the grassy meadow coming closer. A dandelion. Bright yellow in the sea of green. Closer. Closer. Then nothing.
Steve cocked an eyebrow at him. "Is that even a question?"
"I know." She gave him a small smirk. "But fiction, it's like another life. One that's not his."
as loud.
He knew Tony wouldn't go back to sleep. Was almost positive he would stay in the suite, at least, to avoid walking past the living room and seeing Howard. But he wouldn't sleep. Not until he was sure Steve was done with Howard and back next to Tony in bed.
Tony clenched tightly around him and that was it. His world exploded into white and he was filling him, pumping his come into Tony, letting it mingle with Clint's and Thor's, thrusting until he grew soft then popping out and tossing Tony onto his back, grabbing his legs with tight fingers and pushing them up to his chest roughly. "You can come now." His head dipped and he shoved his tongue inside, tasting himself, tasting Thor, tasting Clint. Licking the rivulets of come from Tony's skin, and diving back in again, fucking him with his tongue, laying it flat and licking across the used hole. He let his right hand caress down Tony's body before taking him in hand and pumping quickly.
that boiled inside his gut.
"I got this."
"I don't know what you're taking about." But if Tony had been facing him, he would have seen the pleased look on Steve's face.
"It's fine, don't worry," Steve was sounding more awake by the second. "DNA?" He paused, rolling the term over his tongue most likely, and trying to gauge just how much he knew about it. Bruce spared him the feeling of ignorance.
"Howard-"
"You're a menace to society."
sort of paternal bond with him, no?" He was grasping at straws, he knew it. Howard didn't deserve to have Tony as a friend. He didn't deserve forgiveness.
"Bruce won't hear because
They were down, but they were not out.
Tony laughed as he shut the door behind him, but as soon as he cleared the doorway, his face fell. His little suite with its living room, kitchen, bathroom, and bedroom was like a bubble. In there at least, he could be protected from the annoying and upsetting fact that his father was currently sleeping off a hangover in the guest room. But outside of it…
"You've gained some weight, which is good, and your skin is a bit more like a living person's." Avery said with a small smile, checking his chart. "We have your test results back."
Clint allowed the back legs to the wooden chair he was on crash back against the floor. "Hill, eight o'clock," he said, sotto voce to Natasha, who sat next to him.
"-They're waiting for me to leave again."
?" Tony said, lifting his foot, soiled spats and all, over the arm of the chair again. He was a king. He did what he wanted.
Steve jumped, sailing out of his chair and falling hard on his ass with a loud grunt, the blanket tangling on the arm of the desk chair and sending it toppling over. He reached out for his shield to defend himself from the intruder, but only managed to knock it to the ground, where it comically rolled away and flapped to the floor, right at the edge of the bed. Right where Clint fucking Barton was sitting, legs pretzeled and hands tucked under his chin, smiling coyly. His grin widened when Steve glared at him.
"Soon,
knew and somehow trying to reconcile that Howard with the one who raised Tony (and raised fists to him as well) with the Howard who was holed up in the guest room not fifty feet from him. It was all too much. Too many pieces to fit into a puzzle that shouldn't have been so huge. Pieces that absolutely fit somewhere but seemed too big, too bold, too off color with the picture he had in his head. He felt like a toddler just learning his shapes, trying to fit the circle block into the square hole. Cramming it against the edges like he could force it to make sense.
"You are an adult!" Steve called back, his voice almost right behind him.
It's a horrendously bad idea. He knows it. But he's had a crap day, and his resolve is running low. "Let him in."
"You kill for fun."
replied: WHAT ABOUT THE FOOD PLAY. STEVEN NEEDS TO GET ANTHONY TO EAT SO HE BRINGS HIM THE ICE CREAM.
It was one of those grey days where the mist hung in the air like a sheer curtain. Dark and gloomy, cold and damp; like how you feel at the peak of fever, all chilled and uncomfortable.
They slowed, catching their breaths. Tony gripped Steve's solid arms, anchoring himself against the wall of his soldier: his protector, his absolute soulmate. He let his hands slide up to cup Steve's face, taking a moment to drink in his beauty: his eyes, his jawline, his nose…everything. Tony felt the love he had for this man explode in between them, and he surged forward to take his mouth, kissing deeply and breathlessly, conveying without words just how utterly in love he was with him.
"Oh, he wasn't happy, but he's not an idiot. He knows Bruce - and Tony for that matter - are smarter than all of them combined. I think he knows something is up, but as long as he gets the finished product as well, he's not fighting the issue. Yet."
"But?"
With that in mind, Steve carefully untangled himself from Tony, and it was a testament to Tony's exhaustion that he barely stirred at all. He made quick work of packing a bag for Tony and managed to sneak down the hallway to gather things for himself. It was selfish, but his plan was to take the Quinjet. They'd stay long enough for Tony to get his head on straight and return. Howard couldn't keep them from their home. With any luck, Natasha, Clint, or even Bruce - and he was almost hoping for the Hulk to break out and show just how protective
It always worked on Asgard and almost anywhere else he used it. But this was Howard Stark. And Howard Stark had no idea who he was.
"He's not, Pep, I swear," Tony defended. "He's really good at letting me be who I am with barely any complaints. It's
Steve sunk his teeth into Tony's neck, biting down hard enough to leave a mark but not break skin. "The last lines, Mr. Stark. Tell me." A bead of sweat rolled down his chest, falling to where their bodies connected and mingling with the sheen of perspiration along Tony's body.
The blonde handed Clint her phone, "My mom, you're her favorite!"
The next morning, Natasha entered the kitchen and grabbed an apple, looking smugly at Steve. He was at the counter, laptop open, with a confused face on.
Clint looked up from his waffle, "What about me?"
"I mean, it doesn't have to be the zoo, you're not a kid but I figured you'd maybe want to do something you never got to and-"
"Right," Rhodey spoke firmly, dipping his own head to catch Tony's eyes, "so you know why I'm a
To Bleakloft for being a friend and cheer reader.
"Tony," sighed the quiet man above him, his arms around the genius closing tighter, "You have no idea how much I want you. Don't ever think I don't." Tony felt his lips on the top of his head. "I want all of you. Everything. But you gotta let me in. We can't start this-this wonderful thing we're starting if you have doubts. About me or about you."
! Because of the wonderful things he does!" A few passersby joined in, "We're off to see the wizard! The wonderful wizard of Oz!" More flashing, but Tony didn't care. Let Connor Caruso take a picture of them now! He so seldom laughed like this anymore, and it felt really good. Something about Steve made him feel younger and more joyful. Something he was only realizing that he missed desperately.
Tony's head tilted to the side, looking up at him quizzically.
"I knew it was Captain Rogers who wrote those stories. That is why I sent them to you."
So was it really any wonder that the Other Guy decided that Tony was
"Sure thing, Nat."
He felt guilty, sometimes, of falling so quickly in love with Tony. Felt like he was doing a disservice to her. But on her more lucid days she had told him how happy she was that he had found someone. Even if that someone was a man she had watched grow up.
"I don't know, Steve. The idea had merit."
"Take a load off," Tony gestured, seating himself on an old but comfortable looking lounger. He swung his legs up and leaned back, looking for all the world like a cat lazing in the sun.
"I like to fuck myself when I read your stories."
Tony's shoulders dropped in concession. "You know I would."
"You're a child."
Steve opened his mouth to answer, to rebuff what Bruce had said, but the blaring of the Avengers alarm cut through his thoughts. He stood up fast, turning a shocked expression on Bruce and Thor. "I-"
The elevator opened, and Pepper stepped out of the hallway and into the kitchen, her heels clicking in the way she loved best: authority on marble. A man was seated at the kitchen island, sipping coffee and ignoring a bag of chips open in front of him. She knew without asking that
Tony didn't look away from the TV. "I get it. I do. Doesn't mean I have to like it."
"-Drop it, Barton." The waiter was approaching the table, so Tony lowered his voice and leaned forward, "Steve looks at me like a brother, he will
She studied his face, scrunching her own. "No, you're not. But you will be." She nodded once, satisfied with what she was seeing, and Clint couldn't help but scoot back just a little. He would never admit it out loud, but sometimes Pepper scared him more than Natasha. "I had a talk with Howard, and I will back whatever play
"Even when Steve's probably going to tear us a new one?"
She quirks an eyebrow. "Does he?"
As for him - and Thor for that matter - they knew only what they could ascertain by spending time with Tony. Things he did, quirks he had. They told volumes. Thor had him in years, but Clint's studies as a spy were nothing to shake a stick at. He was nowhere near what Natasha was, but then again, he didn't go through what she had to in order to gain those skills.
"-And still have enough sex to create Tony. He is a billionaire, do looks really matter?"
Tony hates magic. He also hates hospitals. He hates being injured moreso.
Tony scoffed, amused. "Is that even a question? He'll play fetch until his battery runs out. You didn't answer my question before."
Tony looked up at him, taking Steve's hand, his own trembling. With a tight smile, Steve kissed his head and led them into the other room, projecting a wall of unity. She watched them, feeling the earlier elation at their regrouping slip away to nervousness. It wasn't just Howard being stuck in the wrong time, it was Tony's future as well. If Howard couldn't go back, were they going to lose Tony?
"Do you remember when I said that you don't know when your charge will die until a split second before they do?"
"And anyway," he said, completely used to her threats and legitimately not caring, "I'll be a perfect rebound if they ever break up."
Steve grunts. "We're barely five feet apart."
"JARVIS?" Voice raspy with sleep and exhaustion, Tony sat up, the blankets pooling around his waist. "Where's Steve?"
"I think," Howard said, wiping his eyes, "your spleen is a bit higher than that."
"Oh fuck, indeed," Clint
"Killjoy," he complained as the doors opened. "Anyone here? We brought nosh!" The kitchen was empty, and a peek into the living room showed the same.
"You should work for Hollywood," Tony had quipped as Joseph strategically ripped the bottom of his pants.
Howard frowned. "What's a Google?"
It doesn't last long.
"How do you do it?"
"I was thinking," Joseph starts, "of having Philip mentor him." Michael looks confused, but Joseph holds his hand up, "No one knows that Anthony Stark is dead. Except for us."
But Tony…
They turned heads as they weaved through the tables, two heroes, beautiful and strong, one deadly in her training, the other more intelligent than anyone in that restaurant combined. Some of the looks they received were of a different appreciation, though. Tony knew Natasha could recognize them just as he did: the leers, the envy, the lust.
"Yes!" Finally something they could agree on, "I've spoken with KTU about doing KTUphoria again; they're stoked to have you. Your fans help sell the place out."
"Pauper's grave. In the Bronx. I couldn't afford it at the time to bury her right. Now I don't know where she's at on that island up there, nothing I can fucking do." He paused, looking at Steve with a deep wisdom. "When ya ma goes, don't spare any expense, you listening?"
Steve took a minute to answer, gathering his thoughts and trying to place them in some sort of cohesive order. He sat back, scratching his shoulder, head tilted as he studied the man seated next to him. "I think-" he began slowly, "-that we all have that darkness inside of us. It's just we usually have enough good to balance it out. When you came forward in time, you took that balance away. So
"MR. STARK! MR. STARK!"
"At the risk of sounding like an echo, I agree with Thor. You are worthy, sir. And if he can't see that, then he is not worthy of you."
"It is though, Pep. I'm the same way. Hypothetically speaking, had it been his father and not mine, I might've done the same thing."
Tony, who never held much stock in things that weren't rooted in science, who scoffed at things like poetry. Who learned and read for Steve.
"-No. This is Tony's health. I want to see the stuff we buy before it gets into the tower."
not going to tell him," Clint groused, setting the menu aside.
"That was a low blow," he squeezed out between clenched teeth. "Deserved. But low." Bruce squeezed his shoulder in sympathy before casting a nervous glance in Howard's direction and retreating from the room. Clint didn't blame him. Regardless of the steps Howard had taken to prove himself, the Hulk still didn't understand. All he knew was that this guy had hurt
Her eyes darkened and she smiled. "Do you really want to know?"
Smiling, Steve gently adjusts him. "Hey, Shellhead." He's happy to see clarity shining out from the wide brown eyes. "Hungry?" Tony nods, pushing himself up and wincing. "Careful, Tony, let me help you."
kotenok?"
"I can't make a promise I don't know if I'll keep."
"You knew!" Tony rounded on him.
Howard looked apprehensive, but he pushed away from the doors, gesturing for Thor to lead the way. Tilting his head knowingly, Thor started through the kitchen, only turning back to assure himself that Howard was following. The man was fearful, that much was clear. He walked a good distance away and kept Thor in his sights for the entirety.
"Tony's entire life plays out how it has
"I'm a bit clumsy today," Tony said, sitting up and looking a bit red.
"The news, did you see it? Fury said Tony was on that flight, can you confirm-"
Nat pushed his face by actually putting her palm to his cheek and pushing him away, "Goodnight."
"No."
Tony is watching with unhidden glee. If he's hearing this right, he'll go right back to his old life, just better and more focused.
It all came down to the separation between the different Howards he had encountered. He had been treating the situation as if there were three of them: The Howard he had known in World War II, the Howard that had raised Tony, and this one. Back when he had first started dating Tony and he had first separated the Howard of the 40's from the one Tony knew, it was simpler. And it was the closest to what Steve had to do now that they had all the answers they needed to move forward.
"And no one is going to argue with you on that-"
He laughs. It's tired and hollow. "I feel like I got knocked out of the sky."
"Uh-huh. With Natalie Portman." Closing the book, she turns fully toward him. "Where is what, Tony?"
problems in his
Steve snorted and took the plates from Tony's grasp. "You wouldn't last a day."
"So," he said, leaning back in his chair and looking at Tony and then Steve, "enjoy your one day vacay? Howard was beside himself that Tony didn't emerge all day."
"Look who thinks he's a chef now."
Steve's smile spread wide enough he could cover the entirety of Route 66, "ours?"
Laughing, the slight against Hill and Clint at least bringing the mood up a little, Nat left the kitchen and headed into the living room and the couch in the corner. She sat, crossing her legs and letting the weight she was carrying fall off as she sank into the cushions, her back melting into the softness. Thor and Bruce both entered, looking curious and taking the loveseat across from the bookcase. Clint stretched out next to Nat, and Hill took the armchair, her face creased with worry.
The look Steve gave him was meant to be stern, but all Tony could think of was draping himself over Steve's lap and being spanked. Damn. Where did the daddy kink come from? That was a new one!
Tony laughed self-consciously. "You sure you want to know the bad? You know, it's me," he tried to smile, "I'm kinda a lot."
Tony writhed, unable to stop his hips from undulating as his ass was worked so thoroughly with the digits. He let out a whine, "Steve…"
that cemented it. Steve had made quite a few missteps in the last several days, but one thing he understood was that when Tony said
"For the past week or so, just some soup, fruits, vegetables. Cereal. Yogurt. It was all I could keep down."
"We're
Standing, Tony tucks the texts under one arm and salutes Michael and Joseph. "Let's get started!"
"Thank you." He spoke softly, overwhelmed.
He nodded, "Been doing my own research. A lot needs to change around here. But it's doable."
Tony comes to his own realization.
"Thanks," Steve spoke softly, reaching out to take the pin, but he changed direction, noticing a laminated sheet of paper that was also in the box, and picked that up instead. "It's a letter," he said, reading quietly, "it's from your father!"
He and Tony had such a fantastic time during their outing the other day that his muse was bubbling. There was another story here. And it needed to be told. His fans
Lifting his hand, he studied his nails and scrunched his nose. "That's fair." He dropped his arm and put on his best business face. "I promise you that Natasha and I are looking out for Tony and we're only doing what we think is in his best interests."
Steve's face is crestfallen, he pulls Tony closer. "Why didn't you say anything?"
Her smile is sweet and indulgent. "Everything will be explained. You're going to exit through that door. Ignore the signs; they're not for you. What you're looking for is the Office for Inter-Angelical Communications. Joseph knows you're coming."
Tony smiled at that, hugging Bruce once more. They weren't often affectionate with each other, despite being so close. The hug empowered him, made him feel more worthy, more strong than he had since the realization hit.
Tony's voice is soft. "Oh. Yeah, I guess I did."
. "Tony," he said a little too shortly and had to adjust his tone. "Come on. I want to finish that movie." Howard had enough time with Tony. More than he deserved. His platitudes were just that. Platitudes. Nothing he could say could ever erase what he had done, of that, Steve was convinced.
as well. Tony likes to snack on it." Folding the menu back up, she gathered it with the others and placed them back into the drawer. "JARVIS, please place an order at Kiran Palace for everything we mentioned, including
"It's okay," Bruce is saying. "You're alive, it's not your fault. We're just thankful, Jesus. We're just happy you're okay!"
He loves him.
She rolled her eyes at his vagueness. "And?"
Bruce sighed, "Miss Romanoff-"
"Like before I can respond to something,
His temper was no secret to anyone that knew him. It had gotten him into trouble more times than he could even count, but never -
Because Steve might turn him away. He might agree with him and wise up. So every time Tony tried to force himself to say the words, the sounds got caught in his throat.
And it infuriated Steve to no end.
Another eyebrow arch. "You know my name, may I be privy to yours?"
"Holy fuck!"
, I need to be in you so badly right now."
"Said so himself."
Steve
"Holy shit."
Steve rolled his eyes, "Sure thing, Lorelei."
Tony cracked up, "Fuck you, dick-bag."
She called it
"Jesus. Fuck! I need you to fuck me!"
die." At Tony's incredulous look, he smiles in understanding. "Let me explain. Your shell, and even your spirit body, which you're in now, can take damage. You will get sick, you will feel hunger. You will get injured. You can feel sadness and elation, loneliness and guilt—everything you had as a mortal. The only difference is that if something kills you, you only expend the shell. Your spirit body will ascend back up to Heaven where, I won’t lie, you will fill out a lot of paperwork and receive another shell. As long as your charges did not witness you dying, you can be sent back in the same design. With me so far?" Tony nods, taking it all in. It's a lot, but he is afraid to interrupt; he wants as much information as he can get before he makes a decision.
Much thanks to Musicalla and Lady Lanera for catching my typos and mistakes, WilmaKins for being the best Alpha Reader and sounding board in the world, and BleakLoft for the encouragement and love, and for the surprise that's in store for the readers of this story!
"Says you."
Steve smiled and pressed his lips to Tony's forehead. "So, done with the gyroscope?"
"Sweetheart?"
"My file," Tony bites out bitterly. "Does it also say that I'm a slut with a drinking problem?"
Eyes wide, Howard answered with no hesitation. "Absolutely not."
"I appreciate this."
They had all surmised that it had to be something Tony was ingesting. The vomiting and diarrhea always seemed to happen no more than thirty minutes after a meal. Maybe it was a food allergy? Or maybe Tony needed things healthier than just pizza and Chinese takeout. He wasn't exactly young anymore, as much as he still acted like it, but such a drastic change in his tolerance of what he ate didn't sit right.
it yet."
notice, but that doesn't mean it's not a good song."
"We did."
"Okay, Will Ferrell, so you admit you are actually an elf?"
Tony's face was red when he glanced up, hiding it again quickly when he saw they still weren't alone. "Steve, fuck," his hips shook and his ass visibly clenched around the toy.
"Of course! Come on," he gestured, leading Tony into the kitchen.
Tony came with a shout, a long yell of release that had Steve partially hoping it could be heard in the living room.
"It's enlightening." Steve said. "Look at us, so busy trying to skirt passed the fallout of the invasion, we're not even living." He turned to Tony, "There's a lesson here."
"How do you do it?"
"Now, why would you think that? We did nothing illegal!" He had to smack Clint's arm when the archer burst out into a fit of giggles.
Michael looks pleased with Tony's understanding. "Your genius works well with this; you can process a lot faster than most."
my friends from back in the war. I miss Bucky and the rest of the Commandos. I missed you and Peggy and everything. And I really didn't have anyone to talk to about it who was there or understood what I had gone through."
"Et tu, Brute?"
He wakes again to lights that are too bright and the smell of antiseptic. There's a brief flash of Steve, concerned and talking to him, but he can't make out the words. His hand reaches up, fingers curled around something that isn't there, and he brushes his knuckles against Steve's cheek. The world whites out again.
Rhodey sat so still next to Tony that he had to turn from the window to make sure he was still there.
He flinches, and she sits back with a knowing grimace. Looking away, he explains, "Petra. She used to call me that."
"Tony will be suited and ready. If he knows what's good for him."
Steve sees right through him. "Steve," he says with a soft voice, coming to stand closer to Tony. His hand still hasn't left his shoulder. "In uniform, I can be Cap. But here? I'm just Steve."
