‘I didn’t mean to,’ Dean says, again. ‘I didn’t mean to say it, Cas, I didn’t.’
‘I can pay you back,’ he says.
. ‘I do.’
Naomi is wearing a promenade dress of pale grey silk with faint pinstripes, and it fans around her as she steps down from the carriage. Dean’s hands still.
He keeps thinking about Cas’ brother, about Michael. It’s stupid - the Governor of Kansas is not standing around on Cas’ lawn, watching Dean do his evening chores - but all the same, it’s an idea he struggles to shake. Perhaps it is the thought that at any moment, his body might betray him again, even here. He bolts the back door carefully once he’s done, lets the smell of Cas, of Cas’ territory - a little stronger than usual, this close to his rut - reassure him. That’s pretty fucked up in itself.
He can feel Dean’s eyes upon him again and steels himself for further prying, but when Dean speaks his voice is almost - soft.
He flinches at the word, from the mouth of a woman. ‘I understand that.’
He’s a mess, the second day. A literal mess, sure - the maid who comes in to bring his food and change his sheets is an omega too, but she’s still an unmarried woman, barely more than a girl, and Dean’s pretty sure he mentally scars her for life - but also just stupidly sorry for himself. It’s the closest he’s ever been in his life to having an alpha who might - might do what mates do - and he’s still gross and alone.
‘Fine,’ says Dean, a little tersely.
‘Yeah, but that’s why you don’t want me to see you naked. Isn’t it? Cause you think I’ll like it.’
Balthazar snorts. ‘The usual. Polish the chandeliers. Slide down the bannisters from time to time. Can you play piano? Doesn’t matter. Fancy house, plenty of staff around, always a job. And no one will ask questions about where you come from.’
He’s silent again, like he’s forming the words in his mouth and then swallowing them down instead of spitting them out, and he doesn’t know how to fix it; yet another thing he doesn’t how to stop his stupid body from doing. Naomi sits beside him gazing out at the sunlit road, just waiting, like this isn’t anything unusual.
‘It’s not-’ Castiel pushes the book aside, and for a moment he catches the brief expression of relief upon Dean’s face, before he replaces it with a second tome. Dean has opened all the windows, earlier, clambered all over the chairs to do so, but the air still feels still. ‘There are scientific essays upon the phenomenon, too. That scents might be especially appealing or - or overwhelming, to someone you are biologically compatible with. It’s not - it does not disprove the Bible’s word on the matter - if anything it supports the notion of intelligent design. Of God’s design.’
, they’d probably send the Pinkertons after
Very gently, he pulls out the telegram from Wichita and drops it silently into Anna’s lap.
They’re really fussing over Wichita.
‘What exactly,’ says Michael, his voice acidic, ‘do you intend to do with your little pet, then? If you return him to the Refuge, I’ll take him on. If you pass him on to anyone else, I’ll buy him. If you keep him, you’ll be unemployed and homeless and - I promise you - cast out of this family in every way you can possibly imagine.’
The Patient’s neurasthenic symptoms have abated significantly in the last four weeks, and he appears consistently quieter in mood and far less troubled by his perverse instincts. He has responded well to treatment and will continue with weekly sessions of hypnosis for a time longer. In the hypnotic condition he always gives the impression that he is free from onanism and sexual feeling for men, an assertion believed by his physician and alienist.
‘You weren’t supposed to
‘Right,’ she says. ‘We’ll sort that out. Castiel said yesterday was pretty rough for you, I figure we’ll get you some breakfast and settle you in while he’s out in town today. That sound alright?’
He looks at the half-finished sentence he’s supposed to be completing. He has written, ‘
they’ve put Cas through hell, and he really does want to talk about it with him, but right now
Cas reaches for him, eyes wide. ‘Sorry,’ he says, again. ‘Sorry, I couldn’t - I thought I was-’
, Mr. Novak. He’s past that, at any rate.’
Michael takes the telegram, shouts out, ‘Ashland-’ as he turns to the district map, and Dean sinks away into the mass of bodies, hoping desperately that Cas will realise where he’s going. As a valet, he’s bringing Michael the mail personally; will be going in and out to receive the telegraph boys all night. It means any initiative is in Cas’ hands - it’s not like Dean can get away with taking any detours or shoving anyone into bathrooms tonight - but if he is willing to talk to Dean, he only needs to get out onto the front porch to manufacture the opportunity.
‘Yeah,’ he says. ‘Yeah. No, I know.’
A strange creature, this omega; hunched and damaged and still spitting out angry words. Railing against Heaven, of all things. Castiel smiles peaceably, and for the first time something close to fear flits across Dean’s face. An odd thing.
before.
Okay.
He doesn’t expect an answer and he doesn’t get one, and when he slips out of the room, he pulls the little bolt closed again.
bringing him down here now,’ and immediately starts to slow his steps. She sounds annoyed. So, when his brother answers, does Michael.
‘I had savings,’ he says to his mother, instead. ‘You didn’t have to pay the last few months.’
‘I don’t need that.’
They’re starting to get disorderly up in the main hall, the next time Dean goes inside. There’s a big sheet of numbers pinned up by the staircase, which Michael keeps reading and rereading; when he sees Dean he snaps, ‘Where have you - get me a drink, for God’s sake.’
Although we think of 19th century mental asylums as infamously horrific places, those were mostly public/pauper asylums. Thankfully, due to Cas' social station, he would be at a private asylum where the idea of 'moral treatment' was favoured. This is a useful source: https://www.apa.org/monitor/2012/03/asylums
‘Depends whether you bring the “yes sir” Dean or the “ooooh, aaah,
Naomi doesn’t look surprised at the question. So, okay, she’d known he was lying. All the same, she says, ‘Oh dear, then he didn’t tell you,’ presumably just to be a fucking bitch about it.
you want me.’
It’s not enough to break the spell, not with Cas so close, not with his eyes and voice so dark, but it does make Castiel’s frown deepen, like he thinks he must have misunderstood. ‘What?’
‘I’ve never met a male omega,’ he says, instead of moving. It’s mostly to distract them, but it’s also mostly true - he has known of people, sons of congregation members or friends of friends the next town over, and those who emigrated North, quietly, without comment, once their children reached puberty. He’s never, as far as he knows, spoken to one. They are rare at best: a female omega - that is something right, and appropriate, particularly if raised by a good church-going family. A good female omega should get married, bear children, keep the household and guard the moral purity of those within it.
He begins with scripture, with the Lord God saying: ‘
‘Thought so. You surprise me, Cassie! Didn’t think you had it in you.’
He gets through another paragraph - they have been debating educational reform through the framework of Christian morality - before Dean says, ‘My brother would’ve loved this room.’
‘Yes. Yes.’ Cas is still touching him. Dean wonders if he realises. ‘I didn’t mean to upset you.’
‘I’m still working,’ he says, inaccurately.
They’re all fully aware of what ‘an unfortunate’ might mean, he supposes, and it would be improper for a single one of them to allude to it. By rights, Anna should never have acknowledged the matter.
,’ and he doesn’t even realise it until Cas pulls off and kisses the head of his dick, sweet as anything.
For a moment, Dean's jaw works noiselessly, and then he narrows his eyes at Castiel. ‘You’re joking. You were trying to make a joke?’
‘They’re gonna send the cops after you,’ he says. ‘They’ve still got your contract. Shit, Cas- Novak’s paying off mine, and his brother’s the
The doctor stops.
Dean’s really focused on the bottle of booze by this point, but he does a double take at these words. ‘
‘They’re not gonna-’ she starts, and then breaks off abruptly, and it takes Dean a second to realise that inside the house, a lamp has been lit. He freezes, skin prickling.
mean?
his father, of course, very much so. The whole family revolves around his father, or the absence of him: their political legacy descends from him, as does Michael’s public influence. The existence of the Milton House, sprawling across perfect grounds, is owed to him. Each well-disciplined unit of direct heirs and distant relatives is his, reporting for duty on the same night annually, ever ready.
It’s hard to tell what time it is, in this little attic room. Castiel stays as long as he can, coaxing purrs from Dean’s chest - low, contented noises he didn’t even know he could make, and most likely neither did Dean - before he finally has to shuffle free of his weight. Dean snuffles an objection into the pillow, and by way of a compromise Castiel indulges his alpha urges to wrap the blankets tighter around him until Dean is secured, like tucking in a child. Not that he’s ever done that, or had it done to him; Dean might laugh, if he could witness Castiel’s inexpert ministrations, but it satisfies something inside him to do so.
‘Dean, Kansas is a dry state.’
Castiel flinches. He has, by this point, given up on rebuking Dean for cursing in Jesus’ name: it is the only time he ever uses it, so in Castiel’s estimation that makes it almost, effectively, a prayer. He’s not sure this defence would stand up to anyone else’s scrutiny, but it helps Castiel rationalise it.
‘Not very well. Are you staying out here, or do you need to be escorted on my arm like a debutante?’
‘Yes, sir,’ says Dean, teeth gritted.
‘Wanted that.’
‘That’s it, baby,’ he mumbles, lifting himself up a little from the mattress so that he’s resting his weight on his elbows; so he can really see what Cas is doing. ‘That’s it, you got it.’
He likes all of it. It’s a faster journey on horseback than it would usually be on foot (‘A few
His mother turns cold eyes upon him. ‘These are the consequences of your actions, Castiel. Of your refusal to obey.’
Over by the telephone, Anna puts the telegram into the butler’s hand.
He sits on the edge of the mattress for a moment, brain still whirring. It’s not an alpha. If there had been an alpha outside, he’d have smelled it earlier, even in the fresh air - more importantly, Cas would’ve smelled it then too, would be extra sensitive to other alphas on his property by this point, would probably be out there with a shotgun even now (a thought Dean allows himself to grin at). So, while that doesn’t mean they’re not a threat, it’s some kind of solace. Secondly, whoever it is, it’s Dean’s attention that they want, and that’s the weird part. Dean doesn’t
It’s Cas, he imagines. It’s Cas, locked inside him.
Cas doesn’t look annoyed, exactly, but he does look like he wants to roll his eyes again. ‘Okay. Okay. I thought it might be worse if - if you didn’t know. Or if you smelled it on me, ahead of time. I’ll be locked up for it anyway, but the house will be-’
at. He can feel his voice getting sharper; annoyed. Confused. ‘I can- I don’t have to use my mouth. I can do it, take a knot, whatever. You’ve just gotta tell me.’
She smiles. It’s uncomplicated.
Or the next.
‘And he’s your brother?’
‘Yes, you did.’
Castiel stares, tips his head to one side. ‘Do you believe in God, Dean?’
,’ breathes Castiel, startled. ‘No, no. Lord, no.’
‘Dean,’ he says, smoothly. ‘We know.’
Here's an turn of the century photo of the Hutchinson Kansas State Fair though, just for a visual: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Kansas_State_Fair,_1900-1919,_Hutchinson,_Kansas.jpg (it says 1900-1919, but mate the absolute LATEST this could be is 1912 if I know historical womenswear, which I do, so I'd put it earlier.) And this one is 1906: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d4/Kansas_State_Fair%2C_1906%2C_Hutchinson%2C_Kansas.jpg?1620044960487
He doesn’t care. He doesn’t care. He twists his shoulders away to steal another mouthful, an ugly gulp working his throat, and then Cas’ hand is fisted in the short hair at the top of Dean’s head and he’s yanking backwards, not as hard as he could. Dean can’t help it; he follows the movement, head dropping back, balance completely thrown, neck exposed - he throws out his spare hand as he stumbles, catching himself, but all he can see is Cas’ face close to his own, the blue eyes burning, all rage and hurt and betrayal. The fist in his hair pulls harder, makes his scalp burn, makes it hurt the way he wants it to.
It’s not that Dean doesn’t appreciate the offer, or understand where he’s coming from. It’s not like Dean hasn’t dreamed about this exact scenario, half-conscious in an opium den somewhere in the midwest, hating himself for not going after Sam in the first place; hating his dad for not making sure. If Sam had been his alpha ten years ago, Dean could’ve kept right on taking care of him the way he did as a kid, and he’d never have to worry about Sam throwing him out or getting sick of him and handing over his guardianship to someone else.
Mrs. Allen flushes. ‘I would disagree with you there, I’m afraid. I promise, it’s no hardship on my part.’
‘I have, uh, spare nightshirts,’ he says. ‘A couple of sleeping suits. Whatever you prefer. If you want them.’
He approaches, cautiously, and she extends a gloved hand to him.
‘Dean,’ says Cas, from somewhere behind him, and in flashes Dean sees him move, sees the cane drop to the floor and be kicked away, spinning across the tile. An arm grabs for him, hauls him upright again and pulls him back against a firm chest, and he thinks Cas might be weeping. ‘Dean.’
‘What deals?’ he says.
,’ Castiel recites, quietly.
of a thing to say that Dean can only stare up at him. ‘What?’
Despite his casual attitude, Castiel notices that Dean’s eyes are very wide as they step down from the carriage outside of the vestibule. He has perhaps never visited a mansion of this sort -
‘Yes.’
He has barely quoted scripture since he was first admitted to the asylum. It did not seem the place, or he did not seem worthy of the comfort he finds in it. He knows that logic is flawed. It’s something Dean would-
too late for that one. It is Tuesday evening, the day before Dean gets shipped off to the ranch first thing to do - whatever (and what will his job responsibilities be there, exactly? Just help the general servants out? Try not to get underfoot? Will they let him help out with the horses, if he asks?). Cas is already acting weird - keeps asking Dean to stay out of the study in order to keep him from being distracted, then comes prowling around the house or the kitchen or whatever like he’s trying to reassure himself that Dean is there, Dean is fine, Dean is - he’d literally started smoothing out Dean’s hair at one point, practically grooming him; and then they’d both gone scarlet in the face and Dean had quickly gone off to clean the range. He hasn’t turned aggressive or anything yet, but Dean’s ready for it.
‘Mr. Novak-’
‘Cheer up, sweetheart,’ says the British guy. ‘From what we’ve heard, sounds like you might enjoy it.’
‘M’not a bird, Cas.’
Dean steadies himself, inhales, and reaches for the alpha’s belt.
‘I- the verse doesn’t mean a literal brother,’ Castiel clarifies. ‘It means your fellow men. Or fellow Christians.’ He pauses. ‘But he is my brother.’
It’s the same face, though. It’s the face they showed him, sometimes, during the hours he spent in that dark room; sliding the glass plate into the projector alongside all of the grotesquely graphic others as if they were all one and the same. A leather bit clenched between his teeth, the mechanical whir and rattle of the machinery, his own heartbeat hot and fast in his ears - the flicker of light as the images changed, changed again, changed back. The white hot pain that coursed through him, that burned him empty, from the inside out. It’s the same face as that.
The British guy looks at Michael’s face. ‘That’ll do. Three witnesses for that?’
, Castiel asks himself urgently, why doesn’t he just
‘I haven’t seen him.’ A lie. In the church. Maybe it doesn’t count as long as he keeps standing in the foyer. ‘What is the difference between a light in a cavern, and a dance at an inn?’
‘Uh,’ he says. ‘The stained glass windows are - nice.’
. I’ve brought illegal booze and I’m not afraid to use it.’
An omega servant sets down a glass of cold lemonade in front of him. Even she smells mated. He drinks down half the glass almost immediately.
So Cas slumps down on top of him - not even his whole weight, not even crushing him - and they hold each other while their breathing evens out, and the whole time Dean is
He lunges through the door and for the throat.
The Patient speaks of women with admiration and has experienced feelings of platonic love for the fairer sex. It is possible that despite his pronounced sexual instinct and desire for the same sex, a desire toward the opposite sex is indeed present; but the latter is much weaker and is manifested episodically only. Weakness of feeling for the opposite sex often has its basis in weakness of the genitals as a consequence of onanism, although there is no evidence of degeneration in the Patient’s physical form, and he is again adamant that he has never pursued self-abuse. The truth of this cannot be confirmed.
Gabriel holds up his hands. ‘Just saying what I heard. Don’t tell me it’s not true that you went out scandalising women and children left and right after church yesterday? Oh, the tears and histrionics in town about
(See the end of the chapter for
Michael has been alternating between using his father’s study and striding back and forth to the main hall, biting out directions to colleagues and staff. It is on one of these journeys that Dean comes in through the front door and delivers him the very first telegram, head bowed.
Dean sets his jaw.
He doesn't understand why Cas doesn't understand.
Chapter specific content warning for Cas' deteriorating mental state; dissociating as a trauma response, mild delusions, memory loss and confusion.
Lise is pretty good at reading people, too. She’s got a sort of guilty, ‘yes, okay, I was in the pantry, you got me’ smile on, dark hair falling a little loose around her face.
‘Nothing!’
‘Yes,’ he says, obediently.
He doesn’t mean to blurt it out quite like that. But then, they probably don’t have much time.
He’s moving against the tide, but it doesn’t matter. Cas is clear in his vision - the
‘Isn’t it different?’
Without thinking Dean starts to move: one fast, straight line towards him.
The omega male is described as masculine in physicality, of excessive height atypical for his secondary gender, although his facial features are delicately formed and feminine in character. He is a known seducer and prostitute, engaged for domestic work from a refuge designed for fallen omegas intended to rehabilitate their moral character.
‘Take him upstairs,’ says the Matron, unexpectedly. It takes Castiel a moment to realise she is addressing one of the Overseers. ‘Make sure he’s presentable to leave. I’ll go through the paperwork with you, Mr. Novak, discuss the financial and practical aspects, managing his care, that sort of thing.’
Cas doesn’t swing around to look at him, but he twitches slightly as if he’s physically restraining himself from doing so. His breath catches. ‘What?’
Why is Dean trying to calm him? Castiel does not think he appears agitated. He is speaking quickly, perhaps, yes, but there is a lot to- there is a lot -
Castiel wants to lie. He does not want to lie.
Dean must sit there for an hour, all in all. After a while, his brain falls sort of quiet, just sitting and staring at his own hands, and then eventually Castiel comes to retrieve him and Dean tries to figure out if he’s pleased with whatever he did or didn’t do, based on a grand total of zero context clues.
He still does not look around. It is the thinnest possible mask of plausible deniability, but Dean understands the urge. The distance between them is so small that he could break it by simply reaching out a hand, and wide enough to be the gulf between earth and heaven.
‘Michael,’ Castiel repeats. ‘He believes you are his true mate.’
‘Hear anything you like?’ says a smooth voice at his shoulder.
‘Mr. Novak,’ says the Matron, behind him. ‘We’ll take him to solitary, if you’ve seen enough. If you can excuse this -
Cas nods seriously. He’s not getting it.
It’s tactless, but she doesn’t take offence. She’s got that same kind of flat affect Cas has, the impassive expression belying what’s beneath it. ‘Maybe. They also make me drink a lot of milk, for some reason.’
He’s ready for it, but he jerks all the same when it strikes him, white hot across his bare ass; for a moment it’s like his brain can’t process what it’s feeling, and then the sting spreads upwards through his body. Dean chokes on air, tries to hold still: Castiel hits him again. Dean knows he meant it, when he said he didn’t want to do this, just like the first day they met when he said he didn’t want to hurt Dean, but did not say he wouldn’t. All the same, he is not sparing anything in his strikes: hard, precise, each one searing the skin until Dean is panting, and Castiel hits him again and again. Dean wants to curse, or cry out, or beg, but that will make it worse, and he is only still supporting himself because his knees have locked, and the switch cracks hard against him again. He does not count the lashes. He can’t; he can’t think; his whole body is hot with pain, engulfed by it.
Cas swallows. ‘So I won’t see you.’
At least he knows, now. That’s gonna make it easier.
The list of chores is… a lot. Dean’s pretty sure he’s going to fail miserably at it as soon as the whole explanation opens with waking up at six am - very, very much not going to happen without the Refuge’s bitch of a Matron crawling up his ass over it every morning - drawing up the fire, opening up all the shutters and curtains in the house, shaking out the hearth rugs, cleaning the parlour grate, sweeping the carpet and floors, collecting and sifting the cinders from the previous day, dusting the breakfast room-
It means he is outside the general store on Mass street when Jody comes flying down the road to greet him, clutching her hat to her head, and yells, ‘Castiel!’
He reads on the journey home, and he reads in his study, and he reads when Dean brings him coffee and bread and eggs and cold cuts of meat - it is too hot to eat anything else - and he reads through the evening as Dean lounges in the green velvet chair, trying to stay in the path of the barely-there breeze from the window, complaining.
‘Well then, fuck!’ says Dean, losing it, ‘Okay, fuck! Close your fucking eyes then!’
you-’
The man staring across at him, a few yards away, is dressed in a footman’s uniform - a neat, tailored thing, his boots well-blackened but for the telltale dust that betrays the fact he has run here. The low evening sun is at his back, outlining him in gold - it flares, makes it hard to look at him directly - but he’s not trying to move any closer; on the contrary, he’s standing like his whole body has abruptly turned slack, as if he has been slapped across the face with an open hand; his fists curled loosely at his sides, his mouth parted uselessly. Even from here, he is very beautiful. His eyes are as clear as glass, unguarded. Everything about him is as exposed as an open wound.
It is not long after polls have closed, and the hall is thick with bodies: local politicians in identical black suits and hats, arguing over predictions and dredging up old disagreements. With the exception of the odd ambitious beta, they’re all alpha gentlemen, which means that in very little time there’s practically a cloud of competing scents - too many alphas in one space often leads to conflict as they naturally vy for dominance - all crowded beneath the fog of tobacco smoke and confident voices. It’s too loud and busy for Dean to remain in the thick of it, and the alpha scents make him nervous: not long after the telephone rings for the first time, he’s sent out onto the front porch to receive telegrams as they arrive, and it’s a relief to get some distance from the overwhelming atmosphere.
She sits up, slowly, like she’s trying to regain her composure. ‘You didn’t have to
It might be pleasant, to have a companion. It might be more pleasant if the companion stopped telling him to shut up, but all the same, Castiel thinks - despite the odd twinge of something that might be reluctance to admit that his family was right on this front - perhaps it is time to keep a general servant. Technically, according to his mother, his position requires that he keeps at least two, but he can work up to that, once he’s used to having someone underfoot. And if Dean doesn’t calm down, doesn’t respond to discipline. keeps answering back and refusing to learn - he can, after all, return him to the Refuge. It is only his own pride that argues otherwise, and Castiel must not be prideful.
‘Cas,’ the man says again. His voice is raw. Everything about him is raw. ‘Jesus, I’ve been so worried about you. You son of a fucking bitch.’
‘You’ve been alone here for, what, three days now?’ she says, without looking at him. Dean flinches; she adds, ‘I suppose you know where Castiel has gone?’
Cas is a straight line of tension right now, but his mouth twitches. ‘No, you don’t.’
‘No.’
‘God is eternal.’
‘However, we must never lose sight of what is truly important - our family - and, for the sake of our country and state, I ask you as always to-’
‘You know you have to walk behind me,’ he says, in the quiet of the carriage.
-’ and this time Castiel puts some growl into his voice, something fierce and overpowering that make the stupid omega instincts in Dean want to back off, roll over, obey. He shivers, shuffling backwards on the bare floorboards, still not standing up.
‘Good luck with that.’ He watches as Castiel pulls off his hat and overcoat, then trails through the house after him as Castiel heads through to the kitchen, with Dean on a short leash. It feels faintly ridiculous, like a parade. ‘You must have known Mother would want to see what you came back with. Didn’t Zachariah send you off with a checklist?’
Castiel nods, relieved.
‘Cause I’m an omega? You know it’s the same thing.’
He steps a little closer, so he’s standing just a foot or so behind him. It’s quite possibly imagination or desire, but he thinks he can feel the warmth of Cas’ body radiating out, the evidence that he is a living thing, that he is real.
Castiel breaks off.
‘Don’t ever make me do it again,’ and it should sound like a threat, but Cas’ voice is as shaky as Dean feels, and it’s more like a plea. ‘Dean.’
He’s still not sure Cas gets it, but he can’t ask any clearer than that. From the driver’s seat in the front of the carriage, Benny audibly groans.
He is, but he is spared saying so by the ringing of the dinner bell.
Oh, he thinks.
Cas is going to pull away from him again. Cas is going to shake himself back into control, disgusted, bewildered; push Dean aside, revolted and repulsed.
In the morning he aches, and Cas isn’t there.
He doesn’t stop walking, though, and this time as he walks away she stands still on the dusty street with her hands loose at her sides, and just stares after him.
‘It’s a handful of votes in it,’ snaps some pointy-faced guy. Dean thinks he’s Michael’s running mate, but he doesn’t want to say anything in case he’s wrong. ‘Ignore it. We’d better get some decent fucking numbers from Wichita-’
He doesn’t want to stand up. Cas is twitching like maybe he plans to, like he wants to go and get cold water and bruise cream right this minute, but Dean really doesn’t want to be trusted with his own weight right now. His nose is close enough to Castiel’s neck that he can inhale his scent, and while it’s not exactly reassuring - it’s somehow thin, at the moment, sour and distressed - there’s still something inside him that wants to curl towards it, make it better. Something inside him - something very small and alone, a broken off fragment of the child he never really got to be - wants to press his face into Cas’ neck and sob. He doesn’t know how to do that, though.
‘Where is he?’
‘What happens if they break the rules?’ he asks, still scanning the list of offences.
‘You seen the teeth on a horse?’ he says, with an effort. ‘Wouldn’t let you within a mile of me.’
‘Sure,’ Gabriel agrees. ‘Most people still would.’
volunteered to be here. But he’s not sure - it’s - he doesn’t-
,’ he had said to Anna. Maybe he considers this one of those things. Castiel isn’t sure he agrees.
‘That was when you were still employed,’ his mother reminds him.
? About what, Cas? Yeah, I’m real proud of myself, I’m real proud of what I am, okay. Tell me how you’re imagining it, and I’ll tell you that’s not how it was, alright; you think I asked for everything that happened to me? Any of it?’
Something shivers at the back of his spine, and he glances up the staircase to the top landing.
‘Yeah, you know how many people have told me to kneel before?’ Dean’s fists are clenched again, and now he’s shaking, but he doesn’t know if it’s fear or anger. ‘You know how many of them meant
His brother revolves on the spot, following him inside. ‘Would you rather the whole family dropped by unexpected?’
who I was hoping to see,’ says Gabriel, way too brightly. ‘Just who everyone wants to see, I think, man of the hour. Heard you were out soliciting just last week, that right? Had alphas running up and down Mass Street all day long after the scent trail you left - what an advertisement! What an entrepreneur!’
It makes him want to live in sin, as long as sin will have him.
It’s harder than he expects, but not for the reason he expects.
It takes Dean a second to respond. ‘Yeah,’ he says. ‘Yeah, Cas. Sorry, I-’
He takes off surprisingly quickly, like he’s barely holding himself back from running. Castiel stands on the spot for a few moments, a little bewildered, until the flock of chickens - half of them had scattered away when he stepped into the run, while the other half had immediately approached in hopes of food - get used to him, and start to settle. Very slowly, he drops into a crouch, using a stick to scratch at the earth, and that gets their attention - they immediately assume there are going to be worms in the offing - gets them making little curious clucking noises, pecking at the ground. Castiel’s face relaxes into something like a smile.
‘He’s been relatively expensive in the time he’s been here, since he’s prone to aggression,’ the Matron says. ‘I’ll give you a copy of his contract, but suffice to say you’d be paying the institution directly for a number of years before his debt is paid. So you needn’t worry about him running away, any police department would take your side there and help recover him if need be.’
Alright. Cas is getting visibly tenser and more defensive by the second, which means it’s Dean’s time to intervene. He coughs loudly. ‘Do you wanna - uh, if you want to go into the parlour, I can make some coffee, or something?’ He glances back towards the kitchen, where he’s pretty sure Lisa was polishing silverware and is now probably standing frozen on the other side of the door at the sound of visitors, if she hasn’t darted into the pantry by now to hide. She had freely admitted to both him and Cas that that had been her reaction to Castiel’s mother’s visit, which had made Dean laugh out loud and even Cas’ mouth curl into a reluctant smile.
It is too late for guests, anyway. That is the main indication of who this visitor might be - Dean knows Cas sent a telegram a few days ago, the expensive sort he had to go into town to arrange - so despite the odd appearance, from Dean’s perspective this guy may as well be his best friend. He holds the front door open, trying to look like he knows what he’s doing, and the guy smirks again, steps over the threshold, and sing-songs, ‘Casti
Dean is close again, keeps getting closer, moving like the push-and-pull of the tides.
Cas sticks his head out of the study door, looking ruffled, and his eyes go wide. ‘Balthazar?’
He leaves the candle on his nightstand so that whoever is watching the house won’t be able to track his movement through the windows, and pads silently downstairs.
The fever’s broken: when he stirs back into consciousness this time, he’s cold but no longer sweating, and there’s a clarity to his awareness that has been missing for days. This time when he hears voices, he reacts with instinctive defensiveness - reaches for a knife under his pillow that isn’t there - and tries to cover himself. There are men outside the door - deep voices, one with an unfamiliar accent - and confusing scents. One is - one is -
here.’
He’d never seen Cas shake like that before. Never seen him break.
‘You’re so-’ says Cas, but not like he’s thought about how he’s gonna finish that sentence.
He’d wrestled with himself over whether he should come here in the first place: it had taken far too long for it to occur to him that Dean might have had an ulterior motive in sharing the location of his bedroom, and then the possibility of Castiel having misunderstood or made some sort of awful assumption had seemed too high to risk. Even once he’d made the decision, the fear that Dean would expect him to - to
‘When you call me baby,’ he says, ‘it makes me sound like a horse.’
So softly that he can barely hear his own words, Dean says, ‘You could come with me.’
‘Staff?’
Naomi snorts. ‘And
(See the end of the chapter for
, sir” Dean,’ says Gabriel suggestively, and this time Dean almost goes for him - makes a short, aborted movement as if to strike - and the shorter man flinches back, dancing out of reach, his eyes getting impossibly brighter as if Dean is beyond all of his wildest dreams. Something is twitching in Dean’s jaw, he can feel it. ‘Hey hey hey, alright! Can’t take a joke, I see how it is. Maybe you
He turns around.
‘Perhaps He has a greater purpose,’ Castiel suggests.
No one answers him.
‘I wasn’t
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean gives him a sideways look, shoveling corned beef into his mouth. ‘I’m hungry.’
She immediately raises her hands up a little, warily. ‘Hey,’ she says. ‘Alright, relax. It’s Dean, isn’t it?’
Dean. It’s Dean, calling him
, you went,’ she informs him, disapprovingly. ‘Both of you. And then I heard you’d gone away for your health. Not even a note-’
‘Yeah? He’s eternally been ignoring me for my whole life, maybe. He’s eternally turned his back on - you think there weren’t believers in the Refuge? You think no one there prayed every night, waiting to be saved? Except they weren’t, okay, so what’s it’s gotta be, how bad does it have to get, before God steps in? You got an answer for that?’
Dean exhales a little heavily. ‘Yeah. Yeah, we’ve all heard it.’
The format of this chapter is based upon the case studies in 'Psychopathia Sexualis' by Richard von Krafft-Ebing - a lot of sections or descriptions are derived from or very often direct quotes from the book. Basically anything that you're like, 'Oh, God. Oh, no.' about... that's probably a quote from a real life case study of a real life queer man in the 1880s/1890s. It was a pretty rough chapter to work on because a lot of the quotes from the patients are just. Shattering. 'Psychopathia Sexualis' was first published in 1886, with later editions published, and despite how horrible it is to read now, actually took an incredibly sympathetic stance for the time. Conversion therapies got much worse later, in the early-mid 20th century, when lobotomies got real popular (you know, like Cas actually was given in canon). This was not a cheerful research project for me.
Castiel remembers-
Castiel tightens his grip on his fingers a little.
‘I’ll do yours last.’
‘Uh,’ he says, concentrating on the bread.
Cas flinches.
She frowns. ‘You can work in the house, can’t you?’
There’s a crush at the door, and that’s what puts Cas in arm’s reach of Dean. It honestly doesn’t register in his head until he feels Cas grab for his hand - his
Dean can see the way he inhales, as if considering speaking, but Cas doesn’t say anything.
Dean scrambles back. ‘Shit,’ he says, still mostly whispering, and then, ‘What? Lisa - what are you-?’
Out of the corner of his eye, he sees Anna in her wicker wheelchair, quietly rolling herself out of the room. How odd.
He has to sit through a final consultation with the alienist first, before they release him. He’s learned how to do this: what to agree with, when to nod or shake his head. Sometimes they ask questions he doesn’t understand, and then the safest option is to maneuver his face into the shape of something sorrowful, something regretful. Somehow, they always know when he is lying, so he doesn’t lie; the physician sits in his dark brown chair, and Castiel mentally catalogues the places where the leather is beginning to crack along the surface, and he admits to the empty spaces inside of him. They don’t seem concerned. Castiel understands now that it is better that those spaces remain empty. They worked very hard to destroy what was inside them. He doesn’t wish to offend.
They both break off.
‘I can
‘Not pointless,’ Dean manages to say, and then groans aloud as if he’s touched something significant. ‘Ah - Cas - fuck. Come over here, come on.’ His body practically trembles with anticipation when Castiel steps closer. ‘Just give me a minute, I’m almost there.’
‘Nnnn,’ says Dean. He wants to get his mouth on the underside of Cas’ jaw. It’s suddenly very important. ‘There’s some stuff under the bed.’
Because it isn’t complicated, what they’ve got now. It’s just… kind of wonderful. Having his family around him - Sam pouring the coffee and Bobby wandering in and out grumbling about whatever imaginary problem is bothering him now - and Dean standing at the range frying bacon, humming his dad’s old songs, with Cas hovering over his shoulder to supervise (he has strong opinions, it turns out, about the correct texture bacon should be). Every time Dean moves he practically trips over the guy and has to swat him away, which makes Cas look very pleased with himself.
It’s a baffling state of affairs. Castiel, as far as he remembers, had been in his right mind last night - this morning - when he’d returned here; but perhaps the lack of sleep had affected him more than he’d thought. Had he somehow locked his own bedroom door, instead of Dean’s? There’s no key that he can see anywhere, which confuses things further. One of the domestic staff has made a mistake, perhaps.
(See the end of the chapter for
‘Okay,’ he says. ‘Bye,’ and before he can talk himself out of it he’s following the alpha upstairs, back to the master bedroom which he’s undoubtedly stinking up again, dawdling in the doorway until Castiel looks over his shoulder and notices him. He’s holding a pair of dark pants, a vest and a white shirt - a nice one, pressed real smooth - and looking uncertain, like he’s trying to decide whether he wants to waste them on Dean.
‘Cas,’ says Dean again, barely audibly.
Dean’s waiting for the mouth on his dick again, so when he feels the flat of Cas’ tongue swipe over his hole, he’s not too proud to admit he yelps.
‘Before long,’ his mother is saying, adopting a polished smile, ‘as we’re all aware, our eldest son, Michael will once again be running for re-election as Governor here in our beloved Kansas.’ She pauses for the room’s polite applause, not that this is news. For one of the few times this evening, Michael does not appear to be at her shoulder for this speech, although Castiel can’t blame him - there is little more embarrassing than being told of your own accomplishments. ‘It is the responsibility of all of us, every member of the family, to uphold his work and our great name, as per my husband’s wishes, and follow his guiding principles: the beauty of tradition, temperance, Christian charity, and family values.’
This time, when Cas says, ‘
And the time in between those two things, he’d -
Cas smells like a thunderstorm.
‘Are you wiping your
They sit there for a few moments, sun-baked and full-bellied, and eventually Castiel holds up the apple slices and says, ‘I don’t know about horses. Would they like-’
He’s at the top of the stairs, just at the edge of the landing, and Cas is standing in the middle of the hall, wearing his old, tan coat.
She makes a dubious noise, but doesn’t argue. Castiel can see his uncle now, circling around on the other side of the room.
‘I - apologies. What is his name?’
He mustn’t sleep for very long - the candle hasn’t fully burned out yet - but when he wakes up they both panic. Dean’s on fire again, empty and open and desperate, and he realises almost immediately that he’s been grinding up against Cas in his sleep; Cas’ thigh has crept between his own and Dean’s hooked a knee around him, unconsciously seeking friction. The need to grab him - to press closer and rut against him until he just fucking comes and his brain clears for a moment - is the only thing in his mind, the only thing, until Cas yelps with something like horror and Dean flings himself backwards, disoriented, his elbow banging against the wall.
So he can deal with this.
God, he’s so fucking stupid. Cas took him out riding, and swimming, and gave him fucking
AUGUST 7th 1890, CASE NOTES: PATIENT 401.
‘And I was hesitant, and my mother informed me of Michael’s belief, that - that you are intended to be his. That you are meant for him. It is
‘Castiel,’ says Naomi, sharply. ‘You’re over-reacting. You know this is the right thing to do. If you had any idea how much work it’s been for me to tidy up your mess, after everything - the last thing you would
There are a handful of soft thuds from the study just off the hallway. It sounds distinctly as though someone has got to their feet very quickly and immediately tripped over something. Dean can’t help the corner of his mouth twitching.
On the other side of the table, Castiel exhales, heavily. ‘My family,’ he says. ‘We have an annual - gathering - to honour my father’s birthday. It is expected that my brothers and I will each be there, usually bringing our personal valets or attendants.’
This at least gives him time to retrieve his underwear.
‘I,’ he says, cautiously, ‘chose to prioritise my career, at this stage in my life. My work has always been the closest thing to my heart. My purpose, I suppose.’
Balthazar leaves the bottle of whiskey on the sideboard when he and Lisa leave, as if he thinks Castiel might change his mind about it. Maybe it’s just the lateness of the hour, but the moment the front door closes Dean feels himself deflate, exhales and just keeps exhaling; he tips himself into a kitchen chair and lets his forehead drop against his arms, flat against the surface of the table. Even with his eyes pressed shut, he can feel Cas hovering behind him, and then the very hesitant touch of a hand against his shoulder.
Here is more about the valet role intended for Dean: http://www.avictorian.com/servants_valet.html. Like footmen, they were as much status symbols as attendants, which is why they were often chosen based on height, figure, and attractiveness.
‘Uh,’ says Cas, from behind them. ‘Lisa, Dean - this is my old friend, Balthazar. We studied together. In the seminary.’
Perhaps she even likes - this is what Anna posits, in the carriage on the way home - that Castiel has been away, recuperating. It is not necessarily a negative thing. ‘Aren’t omegas supposed to want to take care of their alphas?’ Anna suggests, her eyes fixed out of the window, not looking at Castiel. ‘There are plenty of women who would want to fix you.’
Some inspiration for the Milton House: https://www.lockwoodmathewsmansion.com/
Yeah, he’s definitely not going to relax. She takes a couple of steps closer, then goes to yank the curtains fully open, cracking the window open an inch or two, giving him time to get a look at her. Ordinary white shirtwaist and long navy skirts; ordinary brown hair; deliberately ordinary conversational tone, like she’s trying to keep him calm but doesn’t want him to realise she’s doing it. She smells good, though, comforting, like freshly baked bread. An omega? She doesn’t move like an omega.
He’s expecting to be yelled at for asking, but the men just glance at each other. The new guy has a leather briefcase, sort of like a doctor’s bag; he sets it on the table now.
She nods. ‘Castiel, you’re home. You look well.’
‘Dean,’ she says, addressing the omega directly, and Dean’s shoulders tense. She says the name like there are quotation marks around it. ‘You may go and fetch your master a drink.’
Anna has drifted away a little, inspecting a painted advertisement for Mennen’s Borated Talcum Toilet Powder in the drugstore window with a level of concentration he’s not sure talcum powder warrants.
‘Yes,’ says Cas, faintly. He edges closer to Dean again, offering a wrist and baring his throat at the same time; Dean goes straight for the latter, reeling him in and rubbing against him. Cas lets him do it for a few minutes, and then he very quietly adds, ‘Tell me what else you want?’
Dean's experiences here draw from the (deeply upsetting) British 1871 trial of Boulton and Park, who were arrested for cross-dressing and charged with 'conspiracy to commit sodomy'. The trial used evidence from seven medical practioners in total, as they were originally physically examined (without consent) by a doctor who worked with the London Metropolitan Police. He inspected their genitals and anuses and concluded that 'there were symptoms in these men as I should expect to find in men that had committed unnatural crimes'. The defence arranged for another six doctors to examine them after this to argue otherwise.
Bertha stays quiet, in Castiel’s arms.
‘Dean,’ says Castiel, like he hasn’t noticed, ‘I’d like to show you the church.’
He shifts on the bench. ‘The chickens. Do they have names?’
‘I don’t want mine greasy,’ Sam says mournfully, like he can’t stop himself.
‘You beat his ass, of course it’s funny. It’s inherently funny. Come on, you’ve got to admit it.’ He’s still up in Dean’s personal space as Dean tries to focus on his stupid attempt at making cornbread, knuckles white around the handle of the jug. His eyes are prickling, hot and embarrassing. ‘Did he go easy on you? Dean. Deano.’
(See the end of the chapter for
He’s not sure what to do with himself when Jody actually makes him up a compress, though. It’s not the first time - he spent enough time in the Refuge infirmary, had bruises and fractures and on one memorable occasion a dislocated shoulder - but that was always perfunctory, like trying to mend a broken machine or a tool, so that it could be put away and reused. Jody keeps it practical and matter of fact, but she’s gentle as she presses a wet towel against his cheekbone and makes him hold it steady.
‘Alright,’ Dean lets his head fall back against the pillow, grinning. He’s not sure he could make himself stop if he wanted to. ‘It’s not how blowjobs work, then. Speaking of which, am I ever getting one, or did you just wanna talk about horses?’
JULY 18th 1890, CASE NOTES: PATIENT 401.
And he’s stronger than Dean - a lot stronger - and he’s in his bedroom, and it’s not like it
‘I’d like to fuck you,’ says Cas.
‘Get up,’ he says.
(See the end of the chapter for
‘Yes, probably.’
funny, and the reason it isn’t funny is that Gabriel is entirely correct. Rehoming an omega from a Refuge is - unusual, far too unusual for his family to like the idea, but at least it had been built upon good Christian values. A noble calling, even, something Castiel could tell his parishioners as he talked to them about
The man is shorter than him by a few inches, wearing a well tailored dark suit; he smirks when Castiel twists to look at him, narrowing his eyes.
They’ve come in to collect his sheets before - the omega maid has brought in food and water twice a day, and traded in clean linen - but they’ve never ripped them off him before. If anything, the maid’s been especially reticent to approach him the last couple of mornings - she usually stops short as soon as she lets herself in the room, nostrils flared wide, even when he’s in between waves and relatively decent.
Is Castiel trembling?
His bad knee gives out, and Dean drops, banging his chin hard against the table top and tasting blood.
Dean slides down from the saddle and into the dust. Stupid move. Lost that advantage. He doesn’t know how not to do what he’s told.
‘I get it, you’ve been reading the humour columns. I thought you were here to atone, not to irritate me.’
‘You can’t keep me from resuming my job role,’ he says. ‘I can discuss it with Inias, I saw him today. I’m of sound mind.’
‘Uh,’ says Sam. ‘I can-’
‘I’d rather nobody dropped by unexpected,’ says Castiel, flatly.
‘I - I disagree.’ He wishes she would sit down. ‘This Refuge - its very purpose is relief and reformation, isn't it? You must have some sort of faith in its objective.’
The room’s too small. There’s no way out of it, and Dean’s outnumbered, and if Michael really wants him to roll over and bare his fucking neck, Dean’ll do it and wish he was dead the whole time. He’s shaking.
He’s slightly less certain about this one. ‘I- believe so.’ His mind flinches over the logistics of such a thing, but if nothing else, he has been proven capable of sexual feeling. Now that the sickness inside him has been cut out, he must be able to redirect that: his body will naturally seek out pleasure. It will know what to do. It makes sense. ‘Perhaps - I would be more comfortable if - further sessions between us-’
Dean snorts.
There’s still no Cas. He’s starting to panic.
He’s staring now, from his position in between Dean’s thighs, irises just thin rings of blue around wide, dark pupils, and his mouth half-open as if he’s forgotten how to close it. Dean’s hard, his dick already drooling against his belly, and every time Cas works a hand around it or licks long and messily along the shaft, he feels the muscles in his thighs twitch with barely controlled desire.
‘God,’ he says. ‘Christ. You want me to go with you?’
Not the question he asked. ‘Why?’
When the alienist asks him about marriage, Castiel says, ‘Yes, I believe - I believe that is the natural next step for me. I’d be happy to - I’ll try.’
‘You need to say something beginning with ‘b’.’
His knot is most of the way deflated, but it still tugs against Dean’s sore rim in a way that shocks the breath out of him. It’s the first thing he’s done that hurts even a little. Although it’s in no way cold - even here in the church, it’s still July - it’s weirdly jarring to feel the air against his body where Cas should be, to feel the sudden absence inside him. Dean’s not sure he can stand, but it’s clear that Cas can, and he just sort of stares up at him, punchdrunk, as Cas gets to his feet - he’s all even tan skin and long, lean muscle, and maybe the real sin all along was covering all that up in like four layers of suit material and a too-big overcoat - and starts fumbling for his clothes like he doesn’t have long, wet smears of Dean’s slick and semen across his belly and groin.
‘That’s ‘cause you arrived about five hours later than everyone else,’ Dean snaps, annoyed. ‘So no.’
Cas’ eyes look real strange. He’s not looking at Dean now, not properly; kind of staring over his head like maybe if he doesn’t look directly at him Dean won’t be lying there, weak-limbed, with Cas’ fucking come dribbling out of his ass. It’s the sort of thing that turns Dean hot and angry all at once, and he doesn’t even want to say anything in case it betrays that he
‘Dean-’
So is the coffee, but Dean doesn’t say anything. If this is how Castiel likes it, this is what he’s stuck with.
Behind him, a hoarse voice says, ‘Cas.’
‘Cas,’ he says, softly.
,’ says Dean, furiously, face hot, ‘there
Michael stands in the doorframe, his face impassive as his eyes track over Dean, leaving prickling skin in their wake. He’s as perfectly groomed as ever, wildly out of place in the context of the bare-bones servants’ quarters - how long has he been staying at the house? Is he angry that Dean’s heat has coincided with his visit, preventing further training?
‘You don’t have to stand in the door,’ he pants, and then gets distracted. ‘What have you - what’s-?’
‘Dean,
‘Yeah, he’s - like, religious. So-’
Castiel knows the reaction he’s supposed to have. His stomach is supposed to lurch; his throat close up, draw tight; he is supposed to freeze up on the spot: it’s the same way he was supposed to react when Jody said Dean’s name. Except he’s hollow on the inside now, so his body doesn’t do anything at all.
‘You’ve brought illegal
‘Yes Alpha,’ says Dean, eyes lowered.
There’s a small pause, and then Cas sticks his head through the door. ‘Like what?’
to omegas, and sucking them off is one of those things - but he’d dedicated himself to learning Dean’s body in exactly the same way he used to dedicate himself to learning about the railroad, or Italian revolutionaries, or the  Western fucking Meadowlark.
Cas just nods. Sprints.
‘But it was only one. I thought you were going to get a woman.’
‘I hardly think anyone’s going to believe that you went there while he was in heat, for multiple nights, and you didn’t touch him,’ Michael says, skeptically. He’s right about that, of course - no one would, not with Castiel’s history and all of the things he’s told the alienist. ‘Of all the weak lies-’
‘Yeah, so. I’ll be locked up in my room, pretty much.’
All at once, there is chaos: staffers and colleagues and supporters roar in celebration and approval, beginning with a rumble and swiftly becoming a wave of thunder. Someone starts banging on the table; someone else begins a round of cheering; someone throws a great armful of campaign flyers in the air so that they rain down like black and white confetti - Naomi Milton sweeps through the crowded hall triumphantly to congratulate her eldest son - and the lingering members of the press who were loitering at the front of the house are crashing inside, tripping over each other, joining the fray. Michael is lost to Dean’s eyes, swallowed up in the crowd, a triumphant messiah at the centre of his baying devotees-
Cas hesitates, then nods.
He’s not being serious, but Castiel looks like he’s considering it. ‘I will- I will have to punish you for profanity.’ Great work, Winchester, give the guy who owns you
Castiel arrives early to the afternoon meeting with his family, to show willing.
This time, Gabriel takes a step back. Castiel watches him compose himself.
Dean snorts. ‘Right, none of them have ever tried to fuck me before.’
‘I was just - saying, about Sam, alright, I wasn’t - you don’t have to patronise me.’
He chances a glance upwards. Dean’s eyes are soft too. The sun has turned his eyelashes to gold.
It sounds nice. He’s sure Inias likes it. Castiel always liked it.
Her eyes flick to the Bible on the nightstand. ‘I bet. Come on; downstairs. Don’t get used to me cooking you breakfast, I’m not here every day and when I am I’ve got better things to do, so this is gonna be your job. But a couple of eggs isn’t gonna hurt either of us. You know your way around a range at all? I’ll talk you through it.’
‘So who owns the property?’ Castiel interrupts. ‘If it’s part of the church. Who owns it, the parish?’
‘I was in
He feels, rather than sees, Dean’s hesitation. ‘Yeah, well, they were the only two people on earth, Cas. There weren’t a lot of other options.’
The beast inside Castiel wants to strike. The beast inside Castiel wants to howl and snarl and rip at him; wants to hurl his brother aside, tear at his throat, cover Dean with his own body. This doesn’t make any sense.
When Castiel retreats, he slides the little bolt on the outside of the door closed behind him.
He’s groaning, ‘Cas,
He thinks he can hear Castiel’s heartbeat. It’s proof that he is alive, that something still lives inside him, something that his mother and his doctors and the hollow heart of the Milton house itself tried to douse and darken and kick out. Cas has lost almost everything of the man he used to be, but he’s still here.
. He has yet to fully comprehend any of those things himself; but God loves them, that is an immutable fact, so it cannot be wrong for Castiel to love them too.
He can smell Castiel’s scent before he turns around; bitter with hurt and fury in a way that makes him want to flatten himself to the ground and bare his neck to him. He doesn’t, but it’s an effort to make himself turn around and meet those blue eyes. Castiel’s brow is creased again, like he’s confused, like Dean is trying to hurt him on purpose and he doesn’t know why; but that’s secondary to the barely contained anger and embarrassment radiating from him, the way he grabs for Dean’s arm and Dean lets him.
to stay-
Anyway. The point is, they’re able to take their time now. The point is, Dean’s alpha is dark-eyed and gravel-voiced and his scent is smoky and bright and contented as he learns how to take Dean’s cock deeper in his throat, and how to swallow around him, and how to make Dean’s mind go blank with the all-consuming heat and wetness, and how to slide a finger - and then a second - into Dean’s hole as he works, slow as he can, even though Dean’s so wet he’s gotta be soaking through the mattress at this stage.
The Overseer pulls Dean to his feet by the back of his shirt; the omega stumbles, makes a quiet, pained whining noise, and then immediately looks absolutely furious with himself. Castiel watches them leave.
Puberty began without difficulty at age eleven; the Patient presented as an alpha at the age of fifteen, after which his biological seasons proceeded with regularity, and he was troubled thereon with nocturnal pollutions that weakened and frightened him greatly. He is no longer unable to recall the circumstances under which these occurred, or the nature of the dreams that were connected with them.
He nods, startled. The guy’s face does something odd as he lets Castiel into the run.
Castiel doesn’t think before he says it, but it’s not insincere. All the same, Dean recoils. ‘Don’t fucking make fun of me.’
,’ she says, recovering herself. She reaches for his hand to shake, but he’s just started lifting his hat to her, so she sort of smacks him on the arm instead. ‘You’ve been such a worry.’
Dean moves an inch closer, two inches, close enough that Cas might feel the warmth of his breath against the nape of his neck, although Dean’s lips are barely moving.
‘Again, you’re omega trafficking-’
. He can keep it a secret. He can keep it a secret. To be the head of a family, master and protector - that is all any alpha should require. If he had that, perhaps he could be happy with it. Perhaps he might forget about the rest. His mother must believe so, and no one could know what he needs better than she.
He hadn’t even been able to go inside. He hadn’t even been able to pray.
Shit. Shit. ‘He hasn’t done anything to me.’
- so any true alpha must likewise lead and protect his or her family, should he wish to be respected by his peers. Castiel has got this far on a solid foundation of religious piety. He is starting to be afraid he might not get much further.
He gets to go into town the following day - after a private evening spent in his childhood bedroom, his dinner brought to him on a tray by one of his mother’s preferred ladies’ maids and some awkward conversation with his uncle. There’s no real call for it: he no longer needs to visit parishioners as part of his work, nor even run his own errands anymore, but it’s important to be seen out and about - Zachariah’s words - to be visible, and healthy, and perfectly, perfectly ordinary.
Predictably, Dean gives him the sort of offended, disgruntled expression that suggests such a thing has never crossed his mind, and he has never spent over a week angling for it, and how dare Castiel.
Castiel hesitates, and decides to go with, ‘Better.’
He pauses mid-step to read the framed print on the wall:
‘You don’t have to knot me,’ says Dean. ‘Or fuck me, or whatever.’
‘Because I’m a sodomite,’ says Dean.
was in the church with you?’
, Dean thinks,
It’s the wrong thing to say, anyway, he thinks. He should say, ‘I’m not going to hurt you’ - that’s what Dean wants to hear - except he can’t really say that, not honestly. He’s not sure.
Dean makes an incoherent noise, and then scrunches his face up as Cas comes back in for another kiss. ‘You’ve gotta be joking, I know where that mouth’s been.’
So, maybe Castiel is pleased, but all the same he retreats to his office almost immediately once they get back, brushing off Dean’s cautious offer to cook up some bacon for supper. Instead, Dean sits alone at the kitchen table, soaking up bacon grease with the heel of yesterday’s bread - now mostly stale - and watching the fire grow low. He thinks about Jody telling him to rake out the fire and lay coals and firewood at night ready for the morning, but doesn’t do so, and eventually Castiel comes padding in like maybe he’s checking Dean hasn’t run off.
’ He makes the mistake of glancing at the omega, and quickly looks away again. ‘
‘That’s alright,’ says Dean, softly. ‘No hurry. I’m not going anywhere either, not without you.’
Both brothers stare at him. ‘What?’
Dean’s not sure where he’s gone, and he doesn’t have any way of finding out. By about midday he gets up the nerve to check Cas’ bedroom, where the folded sheets have clearly been undisturbed and Cas’ scent is faint. He’s taken off somewhere then, same as yesterday; Dean doesn’t have the energy to be afraid for him again, so he closes the door.
Although Topeka is only 26 miles from Lawrence, in the US trains ran much slower and would read speeds of just 25mph in the West until the late 19th century - it would therefore take about an hour to get between them by train. The alternative was eight hours by horse and carriage, so.
‘What?’ she says. ‘No.’
‘Come with me.’ Castiel’s voice is clipped. He starts walking towards the house, so fast that Dean is forced to practically jog alongside him, fingertips pressing hard into the meat of Dean’s arm. Dean’s been dragged along like this before - this is how his dad would look back when he was a kid, right when he was about to take the belt to him; how he’s been pushed around a hundred times, or pinned down, or restrained - but not here. He’s never seen Cas’ face this cold.
‘I knew you’d help,’ she says, stubbornly.
There is a muffled, ‘
This time, Castiel does almost turn. He visibly forces himself into stillness, his voice gravelly as he begins, ‘You can’t go-’ just enough for Dean’s stomach to turn for a split second, before he adds, ‘-alone. Dean, it isn’t safe.’
He’s mentioned the brother before. Castiel tries to put down his pen very quietly. ‘What was his name?’
’ - but he wonders how true it is that his father still guides the direction of the family in any significant way. He has never spoken to the man; he can only take his mother’s word for it.
She shrugs. ‘The bill came in, Castiel. We didn’t want to concern you with that sort of thing.’
He begins with alpha and ends with omega, created for him. A true mate.
Gabriel brushes the question aside. ‘And who is this?’
‘Wish you were naked,’ he says, before he can stop himself. ‘Wish you didn’t freak out when you look at me. Wish you - I wanna - want you in me again, like you did before, you did it so good. Felt so good.’ It’s just nonsense, pouring out of his mouth, but it’s like now he’s started he can’t control it. He said, ‘I wanted’, and now he can’t stop wanting, a lifetime's worth of wanting, flooding out of him. ‘I want - want - when you fingered me? I want your hands. Oh, my god.’ It turns into a groan. ‘Want - can I scent you? Cas.’
There is movement around them, a ripple of anger, and he feels the Overseer step forward as if ready to hit Dean again. Castiel doesn’t react.
Dean sits back on his heels, staring up at him. ‘What does it look like?’
‘He’ll come back,’ he says.
Dean’s forgotten how to speak, again. He just stares back, jaw clenched. The mare is upset now, properly, dancing on the spot; Castiel gives up on trying to be casual and dismounts clumsily from his own horse - better, that’ll slow him down, that’ll buy Dean a couple seconds more - in order to approach him properly, and then he’s standing at Dean’s hip with one hand on his thigh, saying, ‘Come on, get down, look at me.’
If it is a distraction, it works. ‘You didn’t know my name?’
‘My grandmother keeps chickens in her trunk,’ he tells her quietly, standing upright with her in his arms. She chuckles a little in her throat, but doesn’t try to struggle.
Shit. Shit. Not Michael.
‘You’ve been asked to sign one document, Castiel, it’s hardly the labours of Hercules.’
throws Dean is nothing but abject disgust.
Very slowly, quietly, he lets himself out of the chicken run and closes it behind him, steps around the slumped body of the man in front of him, and starts to make his way back up to the house, as the last of the summer light burns itself out.
He needs to see Cas tonight. It’s pure selfishness, for which he hates himself, and after their last interaction he’s not sure Cas will be willing. Dean’s pretty sure that other than himself, no omega has told an alpha to shut up
At night, he lies in bed for far too long, wrestling with himself. It’s the memory of Dean’s eyes turning abruptly too-bright and too-wet at the offer of care that pulls him from his bed, wearing only his nightshirt.
He’s gone quiet, though. ‘Cas,’ Dean whines.
He’s given so many blowjobs - professional and efficient; carefully making his throat go slack and breathing through his nose so that whichever alpha could fuck his face; not fighting it when tears leaked down his cheeks or he gagged, so that it could be over sooner - and he never imagined it could be like this.
‘You’re gonna lock me up?’ says Dean.
‘One day in which I should be able to use my property freely, while I’m here!’
Dean moves instinctively, then tries to fight it. It means he sort of rocks on the bed, sheet wrapped around himself, muscles tensing. Even with the heat broken, the room must stink of it; any other alpha would be wild with it. Dean’s been here for days, bringing himself off and sending out
It’s like seeing him come back from the dead.
On Thursday morning, a carriage pulls up outside the little house, and Naomi Milton gets out.
‘I don’t,’ he says, stubbornly, ‘I- I need a bath.’
Cas lifts away. ‘Sorry,’ he says, quickly. ‘I didn’t mean to - it smelled good-’
The doctor takes a step towards him; reaches for the sheet.
Dean snorts. ‘Sit down. And you,’ he lifts down a skillet from above the range and brandishes it at Cas, ‘drink some coffee and remember some grammar before you get bossy. Is Bobby up?’
‘Why’re you being so nice to me then, Cas?’
The rush starts around 10.30. The counties who have counted and sent their results in earlier in the evening have been weighted in Michael’s favour: now it feels as though there is a near constant stream of telegraphs being delivered, and the strange chime of the telephone is starting to give Dean a headache, reverberating in his skull like the bone is vibrating. Every time more numbers come in, the staffers and party members in the hall send up great raucous cheers or howls of complaint, banging on tables. It is more of a party atmosphere than anything Dean’s seen since he’s been here - even at their dinner parties, even when they have guests over, no one actually seems to have fun; nobody seems to
It takes a second for him to understand the directive. Castiel nods.
He still hasn’t got a plan. It had been instinct, to hold something Michael wanted out of his grasp, and Dean’s sure there’s got to be a way to use it, but he can’t for the life of him think how. He’s standing out on the front porch once again with his fingertips tracing the edges of the card in his pocket, pretending to wait for the next delivery, when he hears the squeak of a wheelchair roll up beside him. So nobody’s keeping a close eye on her either tonight, with so much else going on.
When he goes to the door, it is locked.
‘Cas,’ he says, ‘answer honestly. Did you - have you - do you think you met your true mate? Was - this woman at your mom’s today, is - is that why you’re-?’
No. It is better not to remember.
‘I’m not a woman,’ Dean says.
According to the butler, it had not been a close race, this time four years ago. Michael did not, traditionally, enter contests he was not certain he could win. By midnight, the atmosphere had been celebratory - further results would come in over the next few days, but nothing that was likely to change the result - and the gas lamps had been lit at the front of the house, family members and guests and friends and men from the newspapers spilling out across the front steps, Michael standing with his wife on his arm and his favourite omega attendants a few steps behind him, the picture of a triumphant warrior, as the photographer took his picture with an oversized camera. This year Dean will be one of the attendants, which is why he is also afforded a hot bath and a shave today, before he escorts Michael off the grounds of the Milton and into Lawrence.
The Patient’s family is deeply religious, and he was raised in the religious way, with a great devotion to his duty and a strong sense of morality. He has worked as a pastor in the Church for his entire adult life, following his education in the seminary, and has been a committed and respected pillar of the community. However, he grew increasingly distressed once again as we discussed this in our consultation. He refers to scripture often as a method of calming his discomfort.
Before he can stop himself, a low growl crawls out of Castiel’s throat. Out of the corner of his eye, he sees his mother and uncle look at him, startled.
‘Gonna need you to come back,’ he says. ‘That’s the deal. Alright? I said
He waits. Castiel’s hands are curled into fists, but not like he’s about to punch Dean, more like - like he’s digging his nails real hard into the palms of his hand, leaving crescent moon marks behind. He hasn’t taken his hat back off once they came indoors; on a reckless impulse Dean raises his own hand to Castiel’s brow and slides it off his head, letting it fall back down to his side. Cas’ dark hair is rumpled without it, standing up at the back. His eyes track Dean like he’s written in a language he can’t read. They’re shiny, too blue, like he wants to cry.
‘I said, get up,’ Michael repeats, his voice hardening. Dean can’t help himself this time, still susceptible to alpha authority; he tips off the bed, holding the sheet tight around his waist, and finds his legs are wobbly as he drags himself to standing.
‘How is his training proceeding?’ she asks.
Dean’s eyes flick between the two of them. ‘The church?’
Castiel scowls at him. ‘Are you a guest of my brother’s, or-’
His mother looks irritable. ‘Come in and sit down, Castiel. Zachariah will be joining us in just a moment. You’ve met Mr. Crowley?’
No maid comes in to wake him in the morning, and so Castiel - after several nights of interrupted rest, making his pilgrimages to Dean’s bed - sleeps in far later than he usually would. There is an abundance of crisp fall light brightening the room by the time he realises it, and yet no one has brought up the regular breakfast tray; by now, Castiel isn’t used to waking without the scent of coffee filling his nose, and he shifts uncomfortably in his bed.
‘Well,’ says the guy with the accent - Dean doesn’t know him, but he’s short, sounds British - ‘That’s a sight for sore eyes.’
What, she told you this
Without Cas on top of him, Dean’s suddenly grossly exposed. He tries to shift his legs closer together, and feels wetness leak out of him where he’s been so abruptly unplugged. ‘Cas,’ he says, again. ‘Are you - you going to the house?’
Dean babbles a handful of bullshit nonsense that even he knows isn’t remotely coherent. ‘Oh my god, Jesus, god. Come the fuck in. Please come in, you can unlock it.’
Cas deserves this. He wants it for Cas as much as he wants it for himself. As long as Dean keeps fighting, Cas will keep fighting back, and he deserves that. God knows he'll feel better for it.
Dean huffs, and flops down in the green velvet armchair, scooting the whole thing closer to the fire. Castiel watches him settle in for a handful of moments, before turning back to his letter.
He watches his mother watch Dean. Her expression is not uncritical, but he is not fool enough to imagine she does not know everything of the last few weeks, has not received multiple reports from various sources of Dean’s flight into town on the brink of his heat, and the upset at church a couple of weeks ago. Dean has, thankfully, been a model citizen since - the last two Sundays have passed without incident, although Castiel suspects that Dean has achieved this by sitting in complete silence without making eye contact with a single soul for several hours at a time. He has never liked to ask Dean’s opinion on the service, in case it turns out that Dean hasn’t been taking in a word of any of it.
Cas looks between Dean’s face and his dick. ‘I’m a bit occupied.’
Very firmly, but very gently, Cas pulls Dean towards him, as if it’s very important that Dean is safe from whatever threat a little brunette omega woman might pose in his backyard, before they get any further into it. He turns back to Lisa.
‘Don’t - don’t use that word-’
‘Castiel has committed himself to an asylum,’ she says, and the words burn in his mind like a lingering handprint.
‘Entirely,’ says Castiel.
‘I’m sorry to say I have yet to attend any of your sermons,’ Mrs. Allen says pleasantly, her eyes on Castiel. ‘I’m most dedicated to my own church, of course, but I’ve heard wonderful things about your oratory skills. Your family speaks very highly of you.’
They stay like that, for a while. Dean pulls his own shirt off and seems happy to nap in the sun, stretched out like a cat, until a line of sunburn starts to creep across his nose and the top of his cheeks, and more freckles begin to bloom on his exposed skin. Castiel goes in and out of the water, alternating between swimming further laps and trying to cover Dean’s face with his hat whenever he thinks the omega might be asleep, in an effort to protect him from the sun (Dean consistently wakes each time and bats his hand away). After an hour or so, Castiel retrieves the brown paper package from the saddlebags, and unwraps ham and tongue sandwiches in great slabs of crusty bread, and apples, and ginger beer. The lady in the General Store has slipped in two types of cookies: sugar and molasses, which Dean instantly descends upon, although Castiel can’t imagine the lady in the General Store expected them to be eaten in a single bite each. Castiel takes no more than a couple of bites of his own sandwich, and then passes that over to Dean as well and just watches him wolf it down, transfixed.
He sounds desperately unhappy, now. Castiel doesn’t want him to be unhappy. He thinks that’s more important than anything else, and the unfairness of it all is too much. He’s making it worse, without even trying - they both are, just by looking at each other, so intricately tied up in each other’s suffering while so desperate to prevent it.
His mother is right, of course. Just as it is natural and commendable for an omega to assume their role in the domestic sphere, the angel in the house that acts as the moral heart of one’s household - he has heard a hundred times that no omega can be truly happy until they are a mate and a mother, although it is only now that he thinks of male omegas every time, only now that he has
Castiel’s face goes briefly serene, beatific. It’s better than its usual blankness, but it’s still not an expression that looks like it fits on a human face. ‘I’d like you to sit for a while,’ he says, ‘while I talk to some parishioners.’ He sobers a little. ‘You’re very welcome to pray.’
‘Yeah. Well, yeah.’ Dean gestures down at himself, self-deprecatingly. ‘Got the legs for it.’
‘He’s quite obedient,’ the British guy says, approvingly.
‘I know,’ she soothes. ‘But you
Castiel can’t let him. He understands, now. He understands why Dean gets to his knees when he is afraid; he understands why Dean offers his body when he fears Castiel might send him away; he understands why Dean begs to be beaten when he believes he has caused Castiel pain. That Dean might kiss him, that Dean might break him - and for what? In the hopes Castiel might turn against his family, might go against God’s own plans? - and feel nothing? Castiel could not bear it. He cannot become yet another thing Dean endures to ensure his own survival. It is partially for Dean’s sake, but it is mostly, selfishly, for his own.
Castiel is not sorry to leave, but Dean watches the building recede from his seat in the carriage.
‘You should clean this up. It isn’t safe, someone will know-’
do it. What is it, like, follow you around and shut up and pour wine or whatever? You think I couldn’t do that?’
Dean reappears at his side - he is obviously trying hard to be light-footed, and not having a lot of success - and silently maneuvers a very small, very full glass of something into Castiel’s hand.
‘I-’ he says. ‘Know what?’
‘It would help if you touched me,’ he adds, with the sudden nerve borne of desperation. ‘Cas. I’ve been really-’ fucking
‘My intentions?’ She gestures down the darkly panelled hallway. Castiel has not seen any actual omegas yet. ‘They are as I outlined. I believe in,’ he ducks into a smaller, neatly decorated room, and takes the chair she indicates, ‘I believe in redemption, Miss McKellan, not only for the privileged among us, such as ourselves, but for those whom most believe lost. I believe that with God’s love,’ he straightens, feels his eyes brighten, ‘even the most corrupted can be saved.’
‘You seem almost genuine,’ she says.
, they had called it, also. It means they believe he has laid with Dean again - fucked him, Dean would say; knotted him. Sodomised him.
‘That’s - Dean - you mustn’t - if you speak like that again I’ll be forced to -’ he chokes on the words, suddenly furious, suddenly scared; very much wishing he was fully dressed again. ‘That’s
chapter specific content warnings at the bottom of the page.
‘You’re looking better,’ she says. ‘I mean - a bit drawn, but. Do you feel better?’
I am.’
The black mare still harnessed to Gabriel’s carriage sees them approach. She twitches on the spot as Dean grabs for her bridle, gives her a quick pat to calm her as Cas swings up onto the side of the carriage and scrambles to the front bench seat. Dean twists to follow him; jams one foot onto the step and then feels Cas pull him up with their joined hand, and for just a second he lifts effortlessly through the air before Cas catches him by the other elbow, his face just inches away, and Dean can’t help it - he can’t - he closes the gap to kiss him, hot and breathless, still half-hanging off the side of the carriage.
She takes a couple of steps away from him, the heels of her boots ringing on the hardwood floor. Castiel assumes he’s supposed to follow, and does so. ‘I remember your letter. Please, the reception room is this way - I admit to some curiosity regarding your intentions.’
‘Better?’ says Cas, sounding forced.
The itch rises back up, though. It’s a time later before he realises that he’s shivering in Cas’ arms, enough to make the alpha pull back in alarm - god, it’s gratifying the way Cas’ eyes go wider every time he inhales Dean’s scent, his pupils blown - and then Cas is mumbling, ‘Aren’t you supposed to - shouldn’t you have a nest?’ into Dean’s hair.
Dean blinks several times, very quickly; exhales.
, but I mean
‘It’s not funny,’ says Castiel.
‘She knows best,’ says Castiel, with certainty. It feels good to be certain about things again. ‘She has always guided me truly.’
‘Don’t go away,’ he says, fisting tighter into Cas’ shirt.
He’s spent most of the day panicking about Cas, ever since he walked out of the service this morning - and it already feels much longer ago. Dean had gone straight back to the house first, obviously, but there had been no sign of him; his second thought had been one of those insane walks Cas does, up towards the lake, but he’d walked up that way for an hour and the sun had been too high, and he hadn’t even been sure of the route much after that. By the time he’d come home and started working on dinner, it had been in the hope rather than the expectation that Cas might show up halfway through. He’d even come to church for the evening service and sat through Inias’ cover, and then afterwards he’d just… stayed. As if he knew this was where Cas would come back to.
‘You can’t be serious,’ says Gabriel. His wide, arrogant smile has slipped a little.
‘Castiel,’ his mother intervenes, her expression almost indifferent. ‘You know we want the best for you. We’re your family. You’ve been through a lot and we’re concerned that you may need a little extra help getting back on your feet. Your uncle is simply pointing out that you don’t, unfortunately, own the property you’ve been living at, and-’
From a distance, watching him fight, the man had looked like an alpha, too tall and broad-shouldered to be anything else. Now, on his knees, Castiel can see his face, and bloodied though it is there is a distinct prettiness to his features, something delicate in the pink mouth and the lashes and the eyes like green glass. He is going to bruise, badly. Water drips from his hair, pools around his knees. There is blood on his lips.
Or perhaps not, because then Jody makes him clean out the chamberpot with hot water and soda, and laundry’s looking pretty good in comparison.
‘Dean,’ says Cas, ‘I’m not getting rid of you. I’m not getting rid of you. I’m so sorry.’ His hands are at Dean’s shoulders, now, but Dean can barely feel them. He looks down, distantly, trying to make sense of it. ‘That’s not what I meant. It’s not what I meant.’ He turns his face to the sky for a moment, like he can’t bear to look at Dean any longer, and breathes out, ‘Oh, God,’ like a prayer.
As subtly as possible, he inhales, looking for the warm curl of cinnamon in Dean’s scent - woody, spicy, the brown sugar sweetness that sometimes rises through it. It is hard to make out any individual in a room such as this - the number of people, the perfume that clings to the women, the lingering smell of food, coffee, smoke. All the same, he is sure that if Dean were here, he would know.
Okay, so Dean’s in love with him.
Castiel says, ‘I thought you deserved…’
He snorts. ‘I’m not a fucking invalid, Sammy.’
(See the end of the chapter for
It’s interesting for a couple of reasons, but mostly because the results from Wichita are in Dean’s pocket.
Sire children, she means. Castiel is familiar with the procedure. He struggles to imagine himself… participating in it.
‘-and I can tell you he doesn’t light the range on the days I’m not here, so if you’re at all interested in keeping regular meals or not freezing to death, that’s going to be the first thing you do in the morning. You’re going to save yourself some time if you lay out the fresh coals and firewood last thing at night, and with all due respect, you don’t look like a morning person, Dean, so I’d make a point of it.’
It’s such a fucking
tried to explain this to Dean. And Dean
‘I am the pastor,’ says Castiel, immediately. ‘It’s - Inias has been covering the role for me, but it’s still - I’m still-’
The man blinks at him, and points further down the hall. ‘I believe-’
‘Yes,’ says Castiel, uncertainly. ‘Sorry.’ Is it usual to engage the horse in conversation? He does not wish to be impolite.
, needle and mock and goad until Castiel does something Dean can make
Aversion therapies continue as before, with the integration of images of the previously mentioned omega male. The Patient continues to be distressed by these sessions and often vomits or weeps, but now displays no physical arousal when exposed to perverse images, indicating their success. As of yet he does not display positive physical arousal to hetero-sexual images either, which further sessions of hypnosis will aim to address.
‘So. It would be very easy for me to assist in getting you reinstated, in that case, if that were what you wanted. In exchange, I’m simply asking you to pass the omega’s contract over to me a couple of months ahead of our original agreement. There’s no financial loss to you - it would actually ease your financial outgoings a little in the coming months while you readjust to ordinary life, and you could take on a replacement domestic servant once you’re settled back in.’
There is nothing especially radical in the Milton library, of course. It was always considered wiser to limit the availability of such things - perhaps he, like Anna and her own books, might be negatively impacted by such thinking. His mother has always understood him better than anyone, has always been patient, has always made sure there is nothing that might disturb him in the content provided for his study. None of the works of John Draper or Andrew White here, at least.
He stops Dean with a hand to the chest, and when he leaves the study Dean remains, standing by the desk, a hopeless, motionless figure in the still, hot room.
Or - perhaps he does. She is a pretty brunette omega, a touch of honey to her hair, and he thinks perhaps they have been introduced before - or, no, he knew her husband before he moved further afield to get married and began attending a different church. Emmanuel Allen: Castiel had heard of his death with sorrow, although he doesn’t remember the cause. He cannot remember this woman’s name, although she is faintly familiar. Perhaps they have not met since she was widowed, then.
Castiel doesn’t panic, exactly, but he doesn’t not panic. Dean has been standing behind him for hours now; had been perfectly attentive throughout the meal, even though Castiel had been fully aware - had heard him fidgeting and shifting his weight - that the omega had been bored or hungry. He should have made sure Dean ate before they came out, but of course, it had never occurred to him before that the attending omegas never eat at these parties. He wishes, bizarrely, that he had managed to set aside one of the little apple tarts. He thinks perhaps Dean might have liked it.
There’s no sign of Cas. It’s not all that surprising - the press of bodies and overlapping voices and overwhelming scents of various alphas all crushed into one space is kind of a nightmare for him, Dean figures - but all the same anxiety starts to crawl up in his throat. If Cas doesn’t come back downstairs - if Cas doesn’t show up at all - then Dean’s on his own. He’ll wait as long as he can, because he really hadn’t been lying in what he’d said to Benny weeks ago: if Cas can’t protect Dean, then he can’t protect himself, and Dean isn’t about to leave him to the wolves. ‘Not without you,’ he’d murmured to Cas, in the attic bedroom, and Cas had said, ‘I’ll come back.’
‘Yes.’
‘You didn’t tell me.’
‘I’m not sure you understand, kitten,’ says the British guy. ‘You can just tell us, and we’ll let you go about your business, take the bath you
‘The fin is.’
‘Yeah,’ he lies.
-fallen. Dirty. Broken.
Dean just watches him, not like he’s afraid. Just like he wanted to see what Castiel would do.
‘There is little more important than a religious education,’ Mrs. Allen says to Castiel, and it takes him a few seconds to replay the last few moments of conversation and make sense of this. When he does, he nods again, more earnestly.
It’s sort of like a fairytale anyway. He wouldn’t say as much, but - well. Nobody’s fucked him like that before. Nobody’s ever - this is embarrassing - committed their full and undivided attention to fingering him open, as if they’re cracking the Vigenère Cipher.
He actually fucking glances at Cas. Incredible. Dean’s bounced back to team ‘liking this guy’, and Cas is standing there with his expression completely unchanged, like the joke has sprouted wings and flown so far over his head he’d need binoculars to see it.
All the same, he picks up a hell of a lot very quickly on Election Day at the Milton House.
He is distressing himself for no reason.This is a simple mistake.
you that you’ll see Hell freeze over before-’
Dean sleeps.
Castiel takes several steps backwards, retreating to the bed and sitting on the edge of it, his body abruptly so tense it feels as if something inside him might snap. ‘What is this?’
‘I’m okay,’ he says, with an effort. He’s bitten his tongue, and his mouth tastes like metal. ‘That’s it, you did it?’
‘Mornin’, Sammy,’ he says, lingering in the kitchen doorway.
He clears his throat. ‘Whenever you figure it’s the right moment.’
‘They’re only borrowed,’ says Castiel.
‘He’s exaggerating,’ says Cas, who apparently just assumes that no one else is capable of identifying jokes either.
‘I’m not going to,’ says Castiel, very clearly.
‘Nellie,’ he informs the closest one, who ignores him. ‘And your friend can be Bertha. I hope you’re paying attention, because you do all look very similar.’
The carriage swings up the long road towards the house, and for the first time Castiel is able to lean forward in his seat and see the little building again. He expects, somehow, that it will appear altered in some visible way, but it doesn’t. The clapboard is still white, and the shutters are still green. There should be a man on the porch, with broad shoulders and freckles, perhaps shining shoes or sweeping out dust or shaking a hearth rug out over the bannisters. There isn’t. That’s the only real difference, though.
‘I thought you were getting a servant,’ Gabriel says, his eyebrows raised pointedly. ‘Not a - did you have to drag him here? Who broke his face?’
As an alpha male, Castiel should be one of them, but there is no sign of him. Perhaps they realise that Cas is petty enough to vote for Michael’s opponent, Dean thinks, with no small satisfaction.
He hunches over himself, turning his back; there are a few moments of hesitation from Castiel behind him while Dean works himself, hot and trembling and embarrassed, and then he flinches as Cas lifts a cautious hand and runs it soothingly up and down over Dean’s shoulders. It’s the weirdest way he’s ever done this - the bizarre disconnect of Dean’s frantic movements, and the alpha petting his back - but it works, something works, because it’s only a handful of seconds before Dean spills over his hand, before his brain lights up for just a moment of relief. He’s too conscious of Cas sitting beside him to make any real sound, and it’s barely even satisfying anyway - the second it’s done he stops wanting that and starts wanting something else, starts remembering the heat of Cas inside him, and he wants
‘I won’t.’
It’s bizarre, the way she’s talking to him, like - like he’s a kid, maybe? Someone who needs to be taken care of? There’s a little mirror hanging over the dresser, but he hasn’t seen his reflection since he arrived; does he look that bad, or is this just how she thinks a male omega should be treated? It’s not how anyone has ever treated him before.
‘Really okay?’ Sam provides, his expression soft.
That thought is new, too.
It is getting late, Tuesday evening, and someone is knocking at the back door.
I'd never heard of Euchre, but it was popular enough in the 19th century to be considered the U.S. national game, apparently. The rules are here: https://historicalgames.neocities.org/Victorian/euchre.html
‘Dean,’ Cas is saying, his eyes very wide and very blue. ‘Please calm down. Please listen to me.’
‘-shameful, savage thing-’
Following discussion established that the Patient appears considerably less agitated and unstable when compared with his state upon initial admission. Nonetheless he admits himself to be suffering a deep melancholy, and is easily moved to tears. He describes experiencing a great repugnance for himself and his abnormal condition, along with a constant consciousness of the immorality and criminality of his state of mind and his longings.
Castiel is so angry he wants to kill someone.
Castiel struggles to concentrate. He works on his latest sermon, but it is slow, repetitive work - several times he crosses out lines and then rewrites them, and then realises too late that he has got ink smudged all along the side of his hand. When he finally feels like he’s getting somewhere, he makes the mistake of glancing up at the carriage clock on the mantelpiece and realises that not only did neither he nor Dean have anything solid in the way of dinner, but it is almost supper time, and the office is growing dark around him. The thought of facing Dean again, however, makes him feel faintly ill. He occupies himself in pulling together an improvised meal of bread and butter, corned beef, and a square of Jody’s gingerbread.
Dean steps forward almost immediately, eyes lowered. Something like pride blooms in Castiel’s chest; he gestures vaguely towards the omega. ‘As you know, he’s joined me from St. Mary’s Refuge in Topeka. He’s been working for me in a general domestic capacity.’
‘-attendants, personal valets, as you saw at my family’s house; it would be an
‘We make them read that,’ says the Matron, watching his gaze. ‘Daily - aloud, of course, for the sake of the illiterate.’
‘Her embroidery is marvellous,’ says Anna, who looks like she is being paid to be here, and not enough. Perhaps their mother asked her to attend, to keep Mrs. Allen from being the only omega present among alphas.
It’s permission enough. Castiel strips off his boots, socks - hesitates again - and then pauses with his hands at his shirt and pants. He has never owned a swimsuit - there has never been much point, in a landlocked state, so although he is familiar with the idea of bathing machines and striped costumes, he has never personally experienced such things. It would be indecent, of course, to expose himself this way if he were likely to see anyone, or to bare so much as his chest in front of a woman or anyone of his own social class.
Dean’s body stops, because Dean’s body always betrays him, ever since that first day the fever hit and he realised he’d presented all wrong. Dean’s body stops, because God wills it: because God has designed him to be a body without a man inside, to be an empty shell, to be a vessel, to be Michael’s. Because he has a destiny. Because he’s a bitch. Because he doesn’t know how not to do what he’s told.
‘I just - for a minute I-’
Dean watches Balthazar watch her emerge. The guy’s dressed like an idiot, and he’s kind of the opposite of the sort of person he’d expect Cas to know, but he doesn’t seem dangerous or even especially sleazy. Hedonistic, sure. Nothing wrong with that. If Dean had been born an alpha, able to live freely and do whatever he wanted, he’d probably be fucking hedonistic too. As it is, Balthazar’s just pulling a bottle of something that looks like whiskey out of his bag, and he flings Lisa a delighted, flirtatious sort of grin.
‘Castiel!’
He went to the tomb of Lazarus, and said,
‘Dean,’ calls Castiel, from upstairs.
The church, a short distance away, is really the important part - the house is on the church’s land, rather than the other way around - but perhaps the omega hasn’t noticed that yet, or doesn’t realise its significance. Castiel can introduce him to it, give him a tour, maybe. Teach him everything.
‘I’ve never had an omega in the house during - it,’ Cas confesses. ‘I’m afraid I don’t know how you might affect me.’
, full like he never even realised he’d been empty the whole time, and when he shifts his hips he can feel the thickness of the swollen knot inside him, and all it means is that Cas has to stay.
Dean can’t overpower Cas. He’d have to get the drop on him. And all that’s assuming that - if he ran - Castiel’s alpha instinct wouldn’t kick in, and he wouldn’t just chase him down into the dirt.
Mrs. Allen makes polite, assenting noises; Castiel tips his head into something that might be a nod. His mother makes no movement at all.
And a couple of visual resources for a shabby saloon-turned-eatery. Neither of these are in Kansas, but it's more or less what I had in mind: https://vinepair.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/03/09-svacina-1024x678.jpg and https://vinepair.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/03/13-mueller-1024x678.jpg (pov that second one: you are castiel in a fancy suit and you have just walked into a shitty saloon with ur cute date and everyone wants to kick ur ass).
Is Castiel unemployed?
He’s immediately annoyed. ‘You were lurking outside the house-’
time no see!’ He steps around Dean before Dean can think to react, and is immediately up the hallway to fling his arms around Cas in an exuberant hug that makes Cas freeze up under the touch, his eyes bugging out. When he lets go again, Cas reels. ‘Your message was - well - a shock, but also, have to say, you’ve livened up, old friend.’
He bites back a laugh. ‘
’; but now he wants to write, ‘
Dean’s face changes.
Castiel almost asks, but doesn’t. Dean had said - Dean had said he hadn’t wanted any of it. That much, at least, had been clear.
It is not much quieter here, in truth. There are fewer bodies milling about, but the babble of voices spills out from the entrance hall, and lamplight leaks over shiny black carriages until they gleam like spilled oil; local news reporters are mostly settled indoors, but their photographers and assistants loiter out on the veranda and the manicured grass, smoking pipes and gossiping as others make their way in and out. It’s a cold, still night.
noticed, haven’t you? I’m sure you’re as concerned as I am.’
‘I know how teeth work, Dean.’
The Patient denied being seduced by this omega, and attempted to defend its character; however when it was alternatively suggested that he may have forced himself upon it, he grew deeply agitated at the idea and denied that with equal fervour. He appeared upset that this information had been shared by the nurse to his physician. It is now of primary importance to ensure that the existing bond between the Patient and this omega male is severed.
‘A compromise,’ she says, and then: ‘You’re unmated?’
, so. So Dean gets on his knees.
‘He affected you!’ Castiel shouts, before he can stop himself. ‘He affected you, at the dinner party, we both know it! You said as much yourself! I’ve been reading - Dean, I’ve been reading, and it can only be that. It can only be your biological compatibility. He scent-marked you the very first time he met you-’
He stares at her. It seems like an odd thing to say.
‘Now, I’m sure Castiel has scared you a little with some of his behaviours,’ she says, her voice soft, ‘and perhaps some of the ways he’s misrepresented our family to you. But you have my word, Dean, not only that Michael is a good and righteous alpha, who has graciously offered to take over your care and guardianship, but that no one is going to make you do anything you don’t agree to. I simply want you to understand that this is the best option for you. Do you understand that?’
‘Do you want to come like this,’ Cas offers, very politely - so politely that Dean wants to laugh, ‘or…?’
He glances back at Castiel. ‘You’re for real, I get to ride?’
‘Sure,’ says Dean.
They’re going to arrest him. Both of them, maybe. Dean’s had physical inspections before, cold and humiliating - had to have one before he was admitted to the Refuge, had to be stripped naked and checked all over for sores and rashes to ensure he wasn’t bringing syphilis into the institution; and it was kind of a miracle that he wasn’t, to be honest - but it’s been a long time, and he remembers little but how awful they are. This guy - the doctor - he’s got a look on him like he’s enjoying himself, like he knows Dean’s trembling at just the idea of it, and the silver instrument in his bag looks like some sort of speculum, and the idea of being touched against his will,
Dean’s body stops.
The Patient is the youngest of five children, and comes from a highly-respected family, although for professional reasons he has distanced himself from the family name in adulthood. Otherwise his relationship with his family appears close. He has two alpha brothers, one beta, and an omega sister; all the brothers are stable and successful, although the sister suffers hysteria and episodes of violent insanity that suggest a congenital element to the Patient’s condition. The Patient has never known his father and is unable to answer direct questions about his history or mental state.
His brother, Michael, has Dean pinned against the wall; is standing close against him, neck slightly bent and head dipped in order to scent wolfishly at Dean’s exposed throat. His teeth are flashing white in the low light, his scent - the strong, musky one, that Castiel realises now he has never known untempered - is almost overpowering. Dean is frozen, still, wide-eyed - his pupils are blown, he looks as if he is barely holding himself up, and yet there’s something in his scent of the prey animal, and Castiel can almost hear his heart beating rabbit-fast.
Chapter-specific content warnings at the bottom of the page - please take care to check these if you think it's likely you'll be affected by any of the content here, bearing in mind the overall tags on the fic.
Cas is so hard against him it’s amazing he can still form words, considering all the blood in his whole body seems to have long-since travelled downstairs. ‘You wanna just grind on me, or you wanna fuck me?’
‘I thought we were going to do this later,’ he says. ‘After the election.’
‘You couldn’t.’ He is heavy with grief. ‘You know you couldn’t. Not alone.’
Dean is quiet for a moment, and then he says, ‘Sounds rude.’
‘This is the - your rehabilitation effort?’
‘Do you have a plan?’ Cas murmurs.
‘What are you doing,’ he says, his voice hoarse.
‘Do they have names?’ says Castiel.
‘Can you calm him down?’
‘It’s night.’
Castiel is tremendously pleased he noticed. ‘Yes,’ he says, proudly. He thinks for a moment and then adds, as an afterthought, ‘You really shouldn’t, though.’
’, and Castiel does.
be. For other people. Jesus will understand this one.
Whatever he does, however he answers, they’re gonna decide it means whatever they want it to believe, and he can’t bear to be-
,’ he says.
He knows he has to go back, eventually. Now people in town are aware that he is back in the locality, they will expect to see him there - and he does
Crowley shrugs. ‘It would draw a lot of attention, though, if you testified. You’d have to leave it a week to start things moving, anyway, until after the election. I’d go down the physical evidence route.’
Dean claws the replacement sheet over the top of himself. It’s cold and insufficient and it doesn’t smell right, and it’s only his exhaustion that lets him curl in on himself and sink back into oblivion.
‘Wait,’ says Castiel. ‘Wait-’
‘Dean,’ he says.
’, with the intention of finishing, ‘
Jody smacks a plate of eggs down in front of him. ‘Yes, you do. Eat.’
It’s the most startling sight he’s ever seen in his life. Dean is exposed, on his back, knees bent. His whole body is flushed, covered with a sheen of sweat, as his hands work. He’s - his - Castiel doesn’t know what to call it, although he knows what Dean would call it - his cock is dark and swollen and standing away from his body, gleaming with borrowed slick; it’s shiny over his balls, too, where they’re drawn up tight and heavy. There’s a seam running down them that Castiel wants to touch. Below, three fingers plunge brutally inside himself, not even slowing with Castiel’s sudden arrival. It’s - he’s never seen anything like this, and perhaps that’s why the anticipated panic doesn’t hit.
It’s not until he’s in bed, and a handful of gravel rattles against the pane of his window, that Dean acknowledges something is truly going on.
The Patient claims that he only seldom becomes excited sexually, and has only infrequently suffered any lustful impulse to satisfy himself with persons of his own sex until recently. He cites an experience as a youth when he first tried to embrace a beta man lovingly, upon which he experienced an erection and became greatly excited; but he was able to control himself and to repel his lover. Thereafter he always avoided such attempts, and has lived an extraordinarily solitary life in the following years, mostly interacting with fellow alphas. Due to his strong sense of personal morality and religious commitment, he has never been driven to satisfy himself and has resisted all impulses towards onanism, even in his biological season when nocturnal emissions occasionally take place, to his distress. These have increased in frequency more recently, and the Patient admits to dreaming only of men during such pollutions, and never of women, although he appears greatly depressed by the admission.
Castiel isn’t sure how much Anna knows. What exactly needed to be fixed. He’s not sure most women would sign up for that level of project management. ‘Maybe,’ he says, and then, because there’s a fair journey ahead of them and she looks like she’s going to continue in this vein unless he heads her off at the pass, ‘Would you like to play Grandmother’s Trunk?’
‘I’m sorry.’ It is absurdly insufficient. It tastes like absence in his mouth.
It’s such an odd question that Dean pauses in the middle of tipping bacon onto a plate, the skillet hanging in mid-air. ‘Like what?’
‘Are you interested in such things?’ he says, a coward. He has to tip his head back to see Dean’s face at his shoulder. Dean twists his mouth a little, the way he does when Castiel quotes scripture and he’s trying not to say whatever he’s thinking out loud.
‘I thought you needed that?’ he asks, cautiously.
‘Ma’am, he’s - he’s undressed underneath it.’
Dean doesn’t move. ‘You don’t have to be,’ he mumbles into his arm. ‘You helped us.’
For this moment, he is the most beautiful thing Dean’s ever seen.
Dean is sitting on the porch anyway, shining shoes. Nobody’s asked him to do this, but he needs to do something; with his hands occupied he doesn’t have to think, and he really doesn’t want to think. It’s still hot, but indoors is worse, and this way when people walk past and nod acknowledgement towards him or whatever, it feels almost normal. It doesn’t look like anything’s wrong.
‘I am,’ he says, ‘I am - susceptible - to the sin of wrath. At times. I remind myself of Jesus’ words; that anger is an offence to God, a sign of - a lack of faith. Our Father’s love will drive it from our hearts.’
They’re going to send him back to the asylum. He’s sure of it, suddenly, and the unfairness of it hits like nausea, when he has tried so hard to be loyal to his family, when he has tried to hard to carve out whatever inside him was broken, when he knows - he knows now, he knows - that it isn’t
‘I’d get paid?’ she confirms.
Their eyes meet, and for one moment, Castiel’s face is wide open. Raw and exposed. Not an order, but a question.
‘My grandmother keeps an apple in her trunk,’ he suggests.
The back door creaks open and Dean knows Castiel is there with a switch, but he doesn’t turn around; leans further down on his forearms so that he’s bent in half over the table, ass up, eyes down. It’s easier to do it this way. Easier to be a body, without a man inside.
‘I’ve got fingers in my ass, stop trying to make eye contact.’
‘Castiel.’
Despite his punctuality - Gabriel had refused to join him in no uncertain terms, had grown steadily more annoyed with him even as Castiel attempted to avoid difficult topics, tried to offer him further witticisms he had memorised from the humour columns in the hopes of pleasing people, tried not to be the person he had been - his mother and Michael are already inside the smaller room. He can hear their voices as he picks his way through the rest of the library, around the plump chairs dressed in red velvet and the hand painted globe in its mahogany stand, picked out with gold detailing.
It’s never going to be safe for a lone omega, not anywhere, not without an alpha around. Dad had been enough for the first half of Dean’s life (and that’s a weird way to think about it. For Dean’s first life, is more accurate) - even Sam would’ve been, once he’d presented. Dean’s way past his adolescent fury at the concept that he would always, always have to depend on someone else - at the knowledge that he’s never gonna be allowed a bank account, or own his own place. Shit, maybe a hundred years from now, omegas’ll get the vote: he wouldn’t bet on it. So, yes, he and Lisa will be safer together, but it’s such an incremental value of ‘safer’, and Dean is so bone-tired of getting hurt.
Dean’s jaw bangs against the edge of the stairs as he loses his balance and slides several feet further down where Cas can better reach him, where Cas could climb on top of him, if he wanted. He’s dizzy, briefly, can’t tell which way is up and which down, and he twists under Cas’ grip in order to roll onto his back, but the stairs dig in hard against his spine. It’s worth it to see Cas’ face: pupils blown, barely a tiny ring of the usual blue around them, the ferocious intensity of his expression. Cas scrabbles for Dean’s wrists and Dean finally, finally, loses his grip on the whiskey bottle - he’s practically wearing half of its contents - as Cas forces his arms back over his head and pins them in an iron hold.
‘But you must have seen how he’s struggled, lately,’ she adds. Something sympathetic twists her mouth. ‘Castiel is - well, my youngest. He has always needed a lot of guidance. A lot of extra help. I’ve always been concerned that he is somewhat vulnerable, in some ways. Easily led astray.’
The population of Sioux Falls was actually only 2,164 in 1880, and grew to 10,167 by 1890. Assuming Dean hasn't been there since about '75 - the closest I can find is a population of 592 in 1873 - it would be a pretty radical change. Likewise, South Dakota only became a state in 1889 - it would have just been the Dakota Territory last time Dean was there, which is why he uses the older name.
He has been obedient for such a long time.
‘I don’t think I can,’ Cas repeats, pink-faced, ‘uh. If you wanted me here to- to-’
‘Gabe’s,’ says Dean. The realisation is like a bolt of lightning. ‘Gabriel’s parked right on the outside, he said he couldn’t find anyone to sort out his horses-’
The first poem extract Anna quotes is from Elizabeth Barrett-Browning's 'Aurora Leigh'. The second is, of course, by Emily Dickinson. Yes, too much education damaging women's weak minds was absolutely considered a very real cause of insanity. Or at least, a valid enough reason to decide a disobedient woman was insane and get rid of her. (https://skemman.is/bitstream/1946/16449/1/BA-ElisabetRakelSigurdar.pdf)
It’s still cold out. It’s still dark, outside of the golden semi-circle of lamplight at the front of the house, where dozens of disciples wait for news. He bumps shoulders with Gabriel as he’s circling round - the beta’s only just arriving, even though it’s past midnight, apparently having decided to skip the long period of waiting and show up only for the anticipated party that will take place once enough numbers have been counted - and Gabriel laughs at the sight of him.
Here we are! Just a quick note to say thank you so much to everyone who's been following this story, especially the amazing commenters - this story is the first real piece of writing I've done in about eight years ish, and it's been so gratifying to get positive feedback (or any feedback lmao). Part two of this fic is (mostly) finished, so I'm going to take a week or so break while I start polishing the first few chapters of that, and then I'll start posting 'All My Desire'. Please make sure you're subscribed if you don't want to miss that!
‘So you’re determined to avoid any fun,’ Gabriel concludes.
‘Well, uh,’ he says. ‘My room’s in the attic, if - top left if you take the servants’ stairs on the West side.’
‘I’m a man of the cloth,’ says Castiel, fainter.
‘Yes,’ says Cas.
He should’ve cut Michael’s throat. He should’ve cut his throat and been hanged for it, and it would be over.
Chapter specific content warning: dubious consent sexual situation; Dean tries to initiate sex under the mistaken impression Castiel is demanding it.
He wonders what would happen to the man on his knees, if Castiel continued on - perhaps took in the pretty brunette woman with the strong throwing arm, taught her scripture and the value of domestic work, helped her understand the depth of her sins and pray for God’s forgiveness. She might be saved, but then again, she might be saved even without his help. Dean, still soaked and bloody and trembling with anger and adrenaline, would be locked into solitary confinement for god knows how long - weeks, he suspects - to eat and sleep and defecate wherever he is left, and eventually rejoin the rest of the institution, half-mad, to start the cycle again. Eventually, he thinks, they will give up; eventually they will put him in an asylum. Castiel knows that. He knows how that works.
No. Okay. He’s panicking.
AUGUST 23rd 1890, CASE NOTES: PATIENT 401.
‘Just tell us,’ says Michael. He hasn’t moved from where he’s leaning against the desk, unaffected. ‘Just say yes.’
‘You were committed to an asylum, Castiel.’
He stares at her until his mind clicks it into place, and he puts down the brush and the boot polish.
‘And my dad.’ That’s not how he knows what it’s like, though.
It does not take long for his mother to excuse herself, as Castiel expected. She is, eternally, the perfect hostess, even at what is ostensibly a family event; greeting each new arrival with intense appraisal.
