First the car starts making a ticking sound.
“Other than seagulls, I don’t see anything out of the ordinary. This is so unfair. I expected to find a bad guy secret base. I was hoping that these unstable boards on the boardwalk would reveal a secret door or something.”
For the next few minutes, they both scour the shelves. Tony is glad that he’s read a lot of books in college and can therefore skim through the files easily, his mind picking out certain key words. Finally, after a multitude of files pertaining to old murders, assaults, drug busts – typical crimes – Tony finds exactly what he is looking for. The file is thinner than others, meaning that the case is still open and with little to no leads.
Then Tony briefly explained everything to Steve as they got dressed in their disguises (Tony wearing all black, topped with a leather jacket for extreme badass-effect, causing Steve to dress up similarly for the sake of them looking like they’re employees working in the same place), who didn’t seem to approve of the plan at all and made sure that he was vocal of that as they continue to walk towards the police station a few blocks away.
“I’m never one to back down from a challenge, and it
His sudden movements didn’t seem to bother Steve one bit – the man continues peacefully sleeping, his chest rising and falling rhythmically with every breath. Tony watches for a few seconds, wondering if he has ever seen Steve look so untroubled and peaceful, especially after last night when he had such a wild and terrified look in his eyes. Then he turns away, softly cursing his sudden staring problem. Seriously, what is wrong with him lately?
He mentally consolidates himself, though it was more of a scolding. The last thing they needed was his anxiety disorder acting up every night. Anyway, what kind of grown man still has nightmares? His father would be immensely disappointed if he knew – perhaps disappointed enough to pretend like Tony doesn’t exist. Yeah, as if that hasn’t happened before.
As they begin to part ways, Steve grabs onto the sleeve of Tony’s jacket, tugging him backwards. There is something in his eyes, something akin to determination. “Try not to get your ass kicked again.”
“That the teammates clause only applies to you. I think that helping people is in your blood, too.”
This back-and-forth game goes on for a few minutes, from favorite colors to which of the Avengers they had a tendency to favor over the others. Tony doubts that they both answered honestly for the latter, or at least Tony didn’t. Both of them tread carefully and refuse to share anything beyond small, little harmless details about themselves.
Their awkward silence is broken by Natasha clearing her throat. “Boys? Are we still going to talk about the mission or do you have other things in mind?”
“I wouldn’t have even needed to come here had it not been for you.”
The first day of the week-long waiting period makes Tony feel trapped and restless.
Natasha:
and not as Iron Man. He spoke as if he knew that there is a man inside the suit, and it
“They were trying to take this kid off the street. I think the kid’s homeless, I didn’t see any parents nearby. Reminded me of the conversation we had. You said that they would choose someone they’ve been watching for a while and I figure they’d choose an easy target, too. Why waste materials on someone difficult to get unless you’re certain that it will work?”
He darts through a small, hidden street that leads to the city, planning to make use of the various alleyways and corners to make his escape. After all, a rabbit that runs in a straight line is bound to be caught. Unpredictability is key. Unfortunately, as a result of his Arc Reactor, he can’t run as fast due to the lack of space his lungs have and his stamina is lacking. A few minutes into the chase and Tony’s breathing is beginning to suffer; he can hear the footsteps behind him getting closer and closer.
“Not that what you stole was valuable,” the nerd chirps, “I don’t think you would have understood it. The Avengers might but they’re not going to bother with us. We’re too underground.”
The video is set like an interview. Both Steve and Tony are in view, sitting down, and the “reporter” is unseen. He can tell it’s for the sake of an easy voiceover. The background is colorful, a light yellow, a sign that they’re trying to use color psychology to ensure that the atmosphere of the video is joyful and positive.
The rain relentlessly pours down on the hotel, giving the otherwise quiet room a soft pitter-patter sound against the window. The sky is a dark gray, almost a deep blue, and in the distance Tony can see the ocean’s waves wildly thrashing about. Barely anyone is outside and if they are, they are rushing against the wind, desperately clutching their hoodies to their heads.
His thoughts endlessly race in his head and it’s actually the last one that finally kicks him into action. Stuffing the flashdrive into his pocket, Tony rushes out of the room, nearly barreling straight into Steve, who was apparently planning to enter the room as well.
The officer suddenly looks interested, but Tony can tell that it’s only because he has been told to keep his mouth shut about something. “Uh, yeah, sure. I’ll ask my boss to shoot him an e-mail to confirm that you were here. Just, uh, don’t go into the Confidential room, yeah? Wouldn’t want you guys misplacing anything there, boss likes it kept orderly.” He fidgets with his belt for a few seconds before drawing out some keys, motioning for them to follow him.
“The only way out is the front door.” Friday chirps.
anyways, let me know what you think! comments keep me going!
Steve smirks mischievously. “We’re right next to the beach. I don’t think anyone will bat an eye at me. What, are you jealous?”
“I think I know exactly who you are.”
“Right!” Tony exclaims before adding onto that, “You can ask the director of S.H.I.E.L.D. himself if you want. He just heard about what’s happening over here and wanted to make sure that you’re handling everything. Maybe we’ll upgrade some of your technology while we’re at it.”
“Haven’t been sleeping well?” Steve asks with a sympathetic look on his face, breaking the silence, settling down on the edge of the bed beside him. Tony sees that he has a cup in his hands, steam rising from it in gentle, thin wisps. The faint yet familiar smell of coffee hits his nose.
“No,” Tony responds flatly, voice dripping with sarcasm, “I’ve never gone undercover before because all I do is sit in front of cameras and smile. Of course I have, Rogers, you think I go to Home Depot with a red carpet behind me?” He pauses. “Though, now that I think of it, it doesn’t sound like too bad of an idea.” Of course, he never went undercover in this sense, but he’ll leave that detail out for the sake of Steve not going into cardiac arrest so early in the mission.
They trip, stumble, fall, curse, help each other up, and continue sprinting to their pathetic rental car. Tony sneaks one look back and he catches the building collapse in on itself, a loud rumbling noise filling his ears. He spots smoke rising from the ground and before he can notice anything else, the vibrations on the ground cause him to stumble and he immediately curls in on himself, covering his head with his arms just in case any debris comes flying at him.
“Steve?” Tony whispers, looking over at him, noticing one of the man’s legs kick out from under the blanket, as if he were kicking an invisible enemy off of him. “You alright there? You’re not sounding so hot.”
“Oh, come on! Do you seriously want to sit in a car with me for hours? Think about it, Cap. Think long and hard. I might just have to kill you by the end of the first hour and I sure as hell will do it while a Britney Spears song is playing.”
“Anyways, Fury wants you to lay low for a week. He suspects that they’ll be at another Gala or event in a week, and he thinks that they’ll be much bolder if they assume that you’re dead. That means that you have to stay away from continuing the mission until further notice from Director Fury.” Natasha can barely finish her sentence before Tony is ready to make a complaint.
“Tony, wait, I didn’t mean it like that –“ Steve begins to apologize but Tony ruthlessly cuts him off in a terse voice.
“S.H.I.E.L.D. would break down the hotel door as soon as you do,” he points out before adding, “and Fury would personally make sure that you never do it again.”
“We’re from New York, it’s the same ocean here as it is there,” Tony points out with his cup of coffee barely touching his lips, interrupting the man and earning himself a glare that basically spells out “don’t be rude” from Steve. He simply shrugs his shoulders and feigns innocence. He’s in no mood to listen to the stranger speak to them as if they came from Kansas, with their little cowboy boots and a dog named Toto.
Tony rapidly maps the room, though the voices are getting closer and he realizes that he can hear their conversation. He feels Steve stiffen beside him.
who I am?”
“We don’t need your money. Geez, how many times do we have to say it for you to get that thought into your thick skull? We’re just here to
“Well, you did tell me to listen to some of their music, didn’t you?” Steve looks back at him as they make their way towards the entrance. Truth be told, Tony is surprised that Steve remembered and actually listened to him, especially since they were both pretty tipsy at the time of the conversation. They both stop and stand a few feet in front of the front doors, which are closed but obviously not locked.
With that said, Tony slides down in front of the car, sitting on the pavement, and he looks up to see Steve doing the same. It shouldn’t take long for the engine to cool down especially since the hood is open and it’s airing out but he doubts that it’ll take a handful of seconds.
Tony freezes. If they have any audio recording of them speaking to each other, they’re toast. Testing the waters, he shoots back, “What good is video footage if you don’t even know our names? There’s at least a thousand guys out there that look like us. Don’t you think that’s why I went into this business?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Back then, Steve had told him that he wasn’t the person to make the sacrifice play, that he was selfish and only fought for himself. Now he had said that he believes Tony is better than he, himself, thinks he is. What caused the sudden change of heart? Surely it wasn’t just the wormhole incident.
There was something about Steve in the way he spoke to him. There was no pity in his eyes, his lips moved and refrained from babying him for being stuck with a piece of metal in his chest. In that moment, he saw Tony as
“No, nothing spilled.” Steve pitches in, in a voice that is too cheerful for Tony’s liking. “Don’t worry about it, son, it was an honest mistake.”
They both share a smile and continue chatting aimlessly, easily jumping from one topic to the next. Tony is surprised how quickly his words flow out of his mouth when he talks to Steve – he doesn’t have to worry about what he says or pick his sentences apart carefully, and the playful banter sprinkled in makes Tony wonder how he managed to only do it with A.I. for most of his life. He hasn’t even realized that he had moved closer to Steve so now the two of them are sitting next to each other, Steve with his knees brought up to his chest, arms resting on them while Tony has his legs outstretched across the bed, his arms folded up against his chest, barely covering the Arc Reactor.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You didn’t look at what’s on the drive?” One of them – the smaller nerdy looking one – asks. He looks quite troubled by the news and Tony smirks in satisfaction, realizing that he has unintentionally thrown them off again. Still, something about his comment makes his skin prickle with unease.
“Breaking the rules, are we? Wouldn’t Fury not want us to chill out in the open like this?” Tony softly chides as he follows Steve over to the small balcony, fit just for three or four people. There are two chairs beside each other on one end while a circular table is on the other side. Tony can see various pieces of cigarettes scattered under the table, most likely from the previous tenant. The afternoon sunlight is warm and colors the white balcony in a golden light. Below them and practically everywhere around them, there are various other balconies of the exact same shape and size. The hotel staff seems to know how to take advantage of their seaside view.
“You and me both, Captain Spangles,” Tony agrees, taking a few steps forward. It is definitely strange that there are no cameras in what is supposed to be a secure room that requires an elevator key simply to unlock the floor. He knows that they are not out of the weeds yet but at least they can rule out their faces being connected to anything that goes on here.
By the time they reach the third floor, they have nothing of substance to go off of and Tony is frustrated beyond words.
People normally fall in love by falling head over heels. Tony Stark falls in love by falling straight off a cliff and tumbling down.
Once Steve finishes up his breakfast and Tony drains his cup of every last drop of coffee (and finishes his egg), they both disperse back into their hotel room, where everything is exactly as they left it. Their beds are messy despite not being slept in, their suits from last night are still in random places such as the top of the chair or the surface of the table, and everything remains in temporary lockdown mode. The files are the only things kept organized and well-hidden, as both of them knew better than to leave them outside in plain sight.
“Do you, really?” Tony whispers, drawing his hand away. He stands up and, clutching the flash drive in his hand like a life source, takes his laptop off of his table. As he stands in the doorway of the bathroom, he casts one last look at the sleeping man.
Tony stares at the dark brown liquid in the cup, arching an eyebrow. It looks exactly like it’s made how he likes it. The cup warms his hands – speaking of which, he notices that his injured hand is bandaged.
“Don’t wear it out, Steven Grant Rogers.”
Steve rolls his eyes. “We’re both wearing things with the same exact purpose. I just look like less of a…” his voice trails off and Tony devilishly grins.
Once again, they share a silence, the only sound that breaks it being Tony tapping a pen against his thigh as he thinks. He’s already coming up of various different ways to remedy that situation but before he can voice any of them, Steve’s voice interrupts him.
the challenge itself. “We both say things about ourselves and the person who admits to knowing the least loses.”
Steve looks at him strangely and Tony knows that it’s out of character of him to suggest pushing off potentially new knowledge but he
He recognized the signs of a nightmare before, but this sold the deal. Experience comes in handy, thankfully.
Tony throws a smug “I told you so” glance at Steve, who rolls his eyes. “I feel like we should have bet money on that. I’m in the mood to be ten dollars richer.”
kissed
“Ready? Yes, we are. We look like ourselves in business suits, and to me that’s nothing new, so I’m wondering how you’re expecting us to pull this off,” Tony muses as he watches Steve try to change something in his hair style in front of the mirror, snorting when the strands just spring back to normal, “I’d give us five minutes out there before someone recognizes us, and that’s being generous with my math.”
“Please don’t tell me you blew something up.”
he bitterly thinks,
“Of course! What if one of them shows up in a maid outfit calling out room service and is only using it to find out who’s in here? We can’t risk that.”
Leaning to the side with one elbow propped up on one arm of the chair, one leg hanging off the other side of the chair, and one leg bent at the knee with his shoe resting on the surface of the chair, Tony looks at Steve through his sunglasses. “You have a problem, Rogers?”
“Tattletail. What are we, in grade school?” Tony grumbles, hoping that Steve notices the irony in his words. After a few minutes he decides that he’s not scared of Fury and presses, “So, you wanna hear it or not?”
Tony finds himself sandwiched all the way in the back of an elevator with Steve, who is equally uncomfortable, on his right side, and some tall stranger on his left. Tony sees Steve tug at the collar of his suit, most likely in an attempt to feel more at ease, but in this scenario, it seems nearly impossible. His gaze is fixated on the steel doors in front of them, as if the elevator doors are the most interesting thing in the world.
He earns a weak punch in the arm from Tony, who turns away to hide his flushed cheeks. “Jealous of what? I’m the one with the genius-level IQ and awesome tech to play with.”
Tony isn’t sure why but he feels more at ease with Steve behind the wheel than anyone else, even if Steve is out of his century. Tony has feared letting other people drive him places for years ever since the death of his parents and his kidnapping in Afghanistan, all of those occurring when he wasn’t the one behind the wheel. Tony usually refused to let anyone in the driver’s seat but the night before, Tony was the one who lunged towards the passenger seat as the two of them sped off with a large folder of files, and today seems to be no different. It’s curious, but Tony has a lot on his mind and he doesn’t have the time to analyze it.
“You and I both know that isn’t the good news we need right now,” he says, a bitter and metallic taste rising in his mouth. He expects another response out of Steve but instead gets nothing, and after a while he takes a deep breath, trying to calm his nerves. When he turns his head to look at Steve, he realizes that Steve is already looking at him, a mixture of concern and curiosity on his face. They make eye contact for a few brief moments but it feels like forever.
this fic is 100% spontaneous and impulsive, but i like the idea! i'm really excited to write more, but since it's impulsive i don't have an outline, so would you guys wanna see me finish this up? it'll be a somewhat lengthy fic!
The genius simply shrugs his shoulders, pressing another button and returning his voice to normal. “Probably not, but we need time to read and dissect the files. I’m not in the mood for kicking butt at the same time and this will come in handy soon, you’ll see.” He casts a look at the files he ran off with, a sinister pile of papers barely held together by a beige folder. The folder sat on the nightstand next to the bed that Tony called for himself, the one nearest to the door. Steve wanted the same bed, most likely for the same exact reason, but Tony won the rock-paper-scissors match they had so by those sacred rules it is rightfully his, and Steve got stuck with the bed next to the window.
The man smiles in response to Steve’s friendly disposition and softly sighs. However, he begins blinking rapidly before donning a confused look, eyebrows furrowed, mouth slightly open, as he points a finger at Tony and slides it to Steve, and then back to Tony. “Are you two…uh, together?”
please let me know what you think!! comments are always appreciated. kudos, too!
“There’s a lot that law enforcement doesn’t tell us, Mr. Rogers. I feel like they’re hiding something that won’t make them look good. Anyway, it’s not stealing. We’re the Avengers. What are they going to say?”
Tony wonders if Natasha ever told him that undercover work involved more paperwork than an office job. No, she probably left that detail out, and for good reason.
Tony’s admittance of that didn’t seem to make Steve feel any better. He still held a frown that only seemed to deepen, blood trickling in a thin stream from the corner of his lips. Despite the fact that he was injured and not looking his best, Tony still couldn’t help but keep his eyes on him.
“Don’t you need breakfast?” Steve asks in the middle of stuffing his fork into his egg and Tony waves his coffee cup in front of his face in response. Frowning, he shakes his head, “You’re not seriously going to try to get through today without eating something, are you? You’ll pass out.”
“Human
“Show me the danger and then we’ll talk. Come on, you can’t tell me that you’re not bored. I mean, sure, you might be in your Picasso mode right now, but I bet my entire tower
“I’m just saying.”
He lunges forward, keeping his eyes on the woman’s face to throw her off but his hands outstretch towards the gun. He successfully knocks the gun out of the woman’s hands but she returns the favor with a sharp kick to his calf, which causes him to stumble.
Tony shrugs. “I think you’re forgetting who I am.”
“I still have no idea how Fury wants us to fool people into thinking we’re not who they think we are. Us styling our hair differently will just make us look like we had a bad hair day and let me tell you, that in itself is a massive blow to my pride.”
Her text makes Tony snort. He knows that she’s just messing around, since Fury is most likely busy with other problems the United States seems to be riddled with, but at the same time he can definitely see Nick Fury saying that. He can imagine all of the gray hairs that are named after them. Just as he is about to lock his phone and resume working on his sunglasses, it buzzes with another text from her.
“You don’t even have your tools.” Steve protests as Tony clambers out of the car and makes his way towards the hood of the car. “How are you going to fix it without them?”
Tony pushes the file folder through the window first before he starts to climb up as well, wincing as some broken glass digs into his hands. By the time he scrambles out onto the pavement, Steve grabbing the files and also reaching out to help him up (though Tony rejects his hand), a bright white light streams through the broken window, followed by shouting and a string of colorful words.
“An asshole.”
also, i absolutely adore writing interactions like these, where both are clearly pining but they don't know it yet and are just confused 24/7. it's so much fun.
When he looks back up at the laptop screen again, Natasha’s eyebrows are furrowed and she’s chewing thoughtfully on her bottom lip. Tony also notices the dark circles under her eyes, but he chooses not to comment on it. “It means that whoever you’re up against is skilled and they’re definitely not new to this. They’ve most likely been doing this for years.”
“Oh. Uh, no, it actually looks nice in the sun.” Steve stammers out, clearing his throat at the end. “You know. It looks nice for someone who was thrown into a sign this morning.”
will help us?”
Steve looks unimpressed. “I don’t think I’ve seen you eat something healthy since we got here.”
me updating this fic is the equivalent of me screaming into the void. local idiot man keeps updating this fic.
“Didn’t they teach you to pay attention to your target?” As he spoke, Tony’s other hand manages to grasp the hilt of the gun and pull it towards him, where he roughly hits it against her leg, forcing her foot off of his hand. He rolls to the side, air whoosing past his ear as he narrowly misses a kick to the face, and stumbles to his feet, pointing the gun straight at the woman.
As their laughter fades, he looks back out at the sea, the sun casting orange and golden rays across the water and sand. He turns his head to the side to say something else and catches Steve staring at him. Their eyes meet and Steve immediately looks embarrassed, breaking eye contact first. “What? Does my hair look bad? It’s your fault if it does.”
“Tony Stark? Genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist? Sometimes known as Iron Man?”
“Okay, good, we’ll look over them once we get the chance. Do you have a plan for how to take these guys down figured out? Or any next move, at that?”
The elevator soon stops once again, interrupting their conversation, and the doors smoothly slide open, the light from the elevator illuminating the dark area extended out in front of them. It takes Tony a while to adjust from such a bright area to a dark one, and if he has to be honest, the darkness unsettles him. It reminds him of the darkness of the cave in Afghanistan, and that is certainly not the comparison he wants to be making right now.
“You boys lucked out,” she claims with a smirk, “we have other things to attend to. Consider this your final warning. Tell whoever you work for to find you guys a new hobby. By the way, just so you two don’t go home like kicked puppies, I’ll give you something. The name’s Laverre.”
Tony tears his attention away from his fake ID and sees that Steve had pulled out a rather small lens case and before Tony can ask where he got that, he mentioned Fury’s name.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well, you heard her. We have a week to lay low and get our shit together,” Tony says to Steve but he silently adds to himself,
“Yeah.” Steve quietly agrees. “But we’ll stop them. We already know ten times as much as we did before we raided their secret base. Or, maybe not that much, but we still know a lot more.”
“Are you sure this is the right place?” Steve asks as he pokes his head out of the elevator, eyeing the dark room as a frown slowly forms on his face. They had no weapons on them and Tony’s Arc Reactor, which could have provided a light source, was covered by his suit, though that can be a good thing if they weren’t alone.
Two restless superheroes stuck in a hotel room, five feet apart 'cause they're not gay.
“Left,” Tony whispers to Steve, quiet enough just so the two of them can hear it, “go left. There’s a small window there.”
“Really? Did they not put that detail in my file? Right next to ‘textbook narcissism’?”
Tony rolls his eyes. “Geez, Steve, were you even listening to a word I was saying? Did you somehow miss the ‘genius’ part? I don’t think it’d be too narcissistic to say that I can do anything I want with whatever I want.”
Fury told us not to separate for this exact reason.”
“A human.” Steve finished grimly, and he looked just as disgusted as Tony felt. “Can’t they just invent a better one?”
“Yeah, yeah, we’re grounded. Do you really think that’ll stop either of us, Mr. Cheats-His-Way-In-To-The-Army?” Tony hears Steve snort and the two of them continue leisurely walking.
As if reading his mind, Steve adds in a pathetically hopeful voice, “The files said that they don’t have their next victim yet, so that gives us a little more time to figure things out.”
to tell the tale?” Tony echoes as his brain processes what Steve just told him. “Well, you don’t have to worry about that happening on this mission, so consider this a lucky break from those awkward moments.”
What's the worst that can happen with a reckless engineer, a man out of his time, and a car on the verge of keeling over going on a road trip?
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony snorts and opens the file, skimming through the various papers that are held inside, which include a small handful of photos, though he mainly sees blocks of text. “I’ll be fine by myself, trust me. I’m the only one on the team who ever does the reading anyway. You do all the punchy stuff.”
on that?”
he realizes at the same time he remembers that he didn’t disguise his voice. Thinking fast, Tony pretends to go into a coughing fit, making his voice hoarse on purpose in an attempt to disguise his usual quick snarky tone. “Do you know where the nearest CVS is? I got a nasty cough.”
Steve isn’t going to know.
“Jealous?” Tony smirks as he retracts the gauntlet, the lights flickering on as they sense movement. The room is rather small, nothing like the room that Tony expected to come across, but the shelves are filled to the brim with files. “Organized my ass. This is only vaguely alphabetical. Alright, we’ll play it their way. You take right, I’ll take left.”
Now it’s three in the morning. They both showered, relieved to have their hair back to normal, took out contact lenses that changed their eye colors, stripped themselves of their formal clothes and tossed them carelessly around the hotel room, put on clothes that
Natasha:
“His post-traumatic stress would act up. We can’t risk having that happen during a crucial moment.” Fury would say and the entirety of S.H.I.E.L.D. would nod their heads in agreement. Tony would be kicked off the mission faster than the speed of light. They’d toss him into Stark Tower – better known as Avengers Tower these days – and call it a day.
Steve stares at him as if he had grown a second head as they begin awkwardly walking. “You were blasted straight through a sign.”
Tony mentally congratulates, though he doesn’t say anything aloud and instead straightens his posture, clears his throat, and takes a much more careful and dignified sip of his coffee. His face continues to burn and he knows very well that it’s still red, which is why he is thankful for the chance to blame it on his near-death moment seconds ago if anyone asks.
When the rain finally stopped, Tony mentioned going outside for some air and with some coaxing, Steve agreed. They threw on some outfits – Tony, insisting upon looking his best regardless of the circumstances, made sure that he at least had an expensive light gray suit jacket on, one that complemented his black jeans. He also insisted upon wearing sunglasses despite there being no visible sunlight outside. Steve, naturally, went for something more casual, such as a navy-blue jacket and pale blue jeans.
“I can and I will. What is this, a democracy?” he scoffs and rolls his eyes at Steve’s frown. “I just think we’re missing something here. What’s our background knowledge of these people so far? Zilch. Nada. We have maybe 1% of the entire picture and that’s being generous.”
“Listen, about earlier. I didn’t mean it as a bad thing, to have scars,” he says softly, voice barely above a whisper as he continues, “I knew you went through a lot but actually seeing it reminded me of how strong you actually are. I know you don’t see yourself like that, Tony, but you’re a lot stronger than you give yourself credit for. And I’m not talking about your armor.” Steve’s hand lingers on his Arc Reactor before he quickly retracts it and flees to the bathroom, muttering under his breath something about taking a shower. Tony watches the door close, his own hand drifting up to his Reactor in place of Steve’s hand.
“What do you think we’ll find there? Once we get there?”
Tony pulls his shirt over his head, tossing it to the side as Steve gets the first aid supplies. Steve brings out a tiny box, seeming to be distracted with its contents until his eyes fall upon Tony…and stay there.
the case.
They come across a small ice cream parlor and Tony grabs Steve’s arm, pointing at the parlor as if he were a little kid asking his parent for a treat. “Look. I don’t know about you but I’m starving. Hotel food can only sustain me for a few hours. I might just keel over if we don’t get some ice cream right this second. Don’t test me on that.”
Tony waits until the car eventually stops before he casts Steve a knowing look, “I told you so.” As much as he wants to continue to gloat, however, he feels a twinge of guilt settle in his chest as he watches the corners of Steve’s mouth drop to form a frown as he shifts it to park, just so they wouldn’t roll away. He looks so
Tony wishes they can go in there with their guns blazing, ready to kick ass, but even in this situation he knows that it won’t be a good idea. After all, they know nearly nothing about the group, and this might just be a small part of it. Going in there would only force them into hiding and inspire them to be more careful when going about their schemes. Still, he hates the idea of there being people out there suffering while he just lays back in a five-star hotel room on the coast.
Tony absentmindedly walks down the boardwalk, the hotel he and Steve stay at shrinking more and more the further he walks. He doesn’t plan on straying too far, just enough so his restlessness can stop making his life hell. The problem with being on break is that Tony is used to
The loss of proximity between them makes Tony frown.
He feels a hand on him and blindly throws a punch, his fist connecting with the nerd’s glasses. He hears a satisfying snap as they break, and he already knows by the white tendrils of pain shooting up his hand that he punched the wrong way but it still did the damage he was hoping for.
Steve seems to be doing his absolute best to ignore Tony. He sits on his bed, paying no attention to the storm outside, focusing instead on his drawing pad. Whatever Steve is drawing there is a mystery to Tony, but he does notice the colored pencils sitting by his side.
“I know, Steve. Just trust me on this. It’ll work out.” With that said, she gives both of them a brief nod before the call ends and the hotel room is filled with silence, save for the sound of cars honking a few floors down and the hushed murmuring of people in the hallway. Tony relishes in the silence simply because it gives him a few moments to think through what had been said to him. He knows that Fury and Natasha are most likely right, since they’ve been doing this for much longer than they have, but Tony doesn’t share the same confidence.
Steve snorts and Tony almost smiles despite their debate. Keyword: almost. “We can’t risk it. Fury is right, if we blow our cover then they’ll just go into hiding and we’ll never pick their trail up again until it’s too late.”
Then again, he isn’t sure if he would be willing to be stuck trusting anyone else.
want to try your own ice cream flavor? And what are you, a nutritionist? Am I going to be seeing you making salad commercials now?”
A cover video, huh? He supposes it is due time for one considering how much interaction they had with their enemy despite supposedly being on break. Leaning over the bed and taking his laptop, Tony clicks on the video sent to him, not particularly dying to see it but still rather curious.
“A bullet to the leg won’t kill you.”
“Earth to Capsicle, what’s going on? Let’s skedaddle while we got the goods and have the chance.”
Tony shuts the door behind him and locks it.
“You don’t think what’s true?”
doing something and now that he’s left with nothing, all of the energy inside of him threatens to break loose. He’s been tinkering on his off hours but nothing has been finished yet.
Tony ends the call before Fury can finish his very loving and thoughtful threat. By that time, Steve is done dressing up and looks at Tony in wonder, expecting some sort of explanation from him. Tony sits up and motions for Steve to hand him a thin folder, “Let’s take a look at this so we know what we’re doing. As much as I prefer to wing things, I’m afraid Fury will materialize in here and follow through with his promise if we don’t prepare.”
The problem with Tony is that once he sets his mind on something, it’s difficult to talk him out of it. No matter how ridiculous or wild it is.
Tony chokes on his coffee. He pounds his fist against the small space above his Arc Reactor and below his throat, coughing and feeling his face redden as he attempts to get air back into his lungs. Naturally, Steve is useless in this situation, simply standing next to him frozen as if he got transported back into the 1940s. Tony finds himself glad that he isn’t lending a helping hand, though, since he is 99.9% sure that a slap on his back from Steve would cause all of his bones to shatter. He has enough problems as it is.
working on the mission. They both need to be in the loop of new information. Not to mention the fact that Steve has told Tony he trusts him.
Then something weird happens.
Finally, Tony’s words seem to reach Steve. The taller man’s expression suddenly changes, from close guarded terror to a mixture of relief and confusion. “Tony.”
Before Steve has the chance to answer, they are both interrupted by a high-pitched voice. A girl with a nametag on her shirt appears in front of them, a bright smile on her face. “Hey! Do need any help finding anything? My co-worker Laverre is supposed to be here but she says that something came up. I can fill in for her once I set up!”
” Steve practically squeaks, his blue eyes widening. He looks at Tony as if the mechanic suggested murdering someone. “What do you mean? You can’t seriously be going back on what we said, Stark.”
Tony feels a smile form almost instinctively. “Really? You know a few other men smarter than me?” He laughs as Steve gently punches him in the upper arm, which stings only a little, which is strange considering Steve’s super strength. Then again, he’s sure that Steve would be punching holes through everyone if he isn’t able to control it.
“We need to get these guys,” Nick had simply said, “and we need to do it without mass hysteria. Agent Romanoff and Barton are out of commission for a while. You know I wouldn’t be asking you if I didn’t think it is important or that this is some average every day bank robbery.”
“Uh-uh, I’m gonna stop you right there,” he interrupts Steve from apologizing to his grave, and pauses for a moment before impossibly softening his tone of voice even more, “I’m the last person to judge you for having nightmares, okay? You don’t have to give me a novel of an apology. I’m not going to read it.”
Steve laughs. “Big man in a suit of armor, can you even reach my phone if I held it up above my head?”
Pulling himself upwards, Tony ignores the protests his back makes against the sudden movements and tries to insert himself into the fight. Vertigo has a strong hold on him and he has to lean against the wall to keep standing, nausea making his throat tighten. He considers using his gauntlet but before he can make the decision, the fight seems to stop as the woman pulls her phone out of her pocket, murmuring something to her partner before returning to look at Steve and Tony.
“You could’ve just asked me.” Steve murmurs as he follows Tony inside.
Tony feels a hand drop on his shoulder and his instincts kick in. He turns around so quickly it makes him dizzy, raising his hand above his head, preparing to throw a desperate punch only to have another hand clamp around his fist, stopping any momentum.
“I’m thinking a road trip.”
“You’re a little bitch.” Steve snorts at that and Tony smiles, happy that Steve seems to have forgiven him for breaking the rules.
Tony thinks he knows Steve: the truth is, he falls flat on his face when it comes to minuscule details. Both the mission and Steve are mysteries to him.
“Busy getting some sleep.”
They cease bickering as the station comes into view. It’s bigger than an average town police station, which makes sense considering how many people reside in the hotels daily. They probably deal with an unholy amount of drug and alcohol busts. As they approach the doors, Tony looks at Steve questioningly and only when he nods does he proceed to go through them.
That is the one thought running through Tony’s mind as he lies in bed, arms behind his back, his eyes blankly staring up at the ceiling above him. After processing the documents on his laptop and sending them on their way to Fury, both Tony and Steve agreed to get some rest, but Tony finds it hard to sleep with all of this new information on his mind. The files described, in great detail, plans involving human testing to make them more “useful,” and both of them had cringed once they found out what that word truly meant in that context.
Tony is about to dramatically gasp in shock, already prepared with an entire speech to give to Steve about language, until he feels a rough bump on his back and he stumbles, nearly falling into Steve in the process. Thankfully he doesn’t, but that doesn’t stop him from feeling as embarrassed as he would have if that unfortunate event did occur.
Tony taps his foot against the pavement in irritation before he turns to face Steve. Their eyes meet. Steve’s eyes are really blue, so blue to the point of him feeling like he’s about to drown in them. “That means that we have to be skeptical of anyone we’re speaking to. It means that since we’re teammates, we have to depend on each other. It means that you have no choice but to trust me. Do you trust me?”
They both fall into a silence that is quickly broken by the radio above them playing another upbeat song.
He inconspicuously pushes his thumb down on a button on his watch, swiping through screens using pure muscle memory. Finally, he finds what he’s looking for and pushes down for the final time, successfully disguising his voice. He already had his contacts in his eyes so he prays that it’s enough for them to dash away any suspicions about the man in front of them being Tony Stark.
“Ready for what we’re about to see?”
As soon as Tony had confirmed their next move to Fury, who approved of it, they grabbed their fake I.D.s and left. They had no time to waste and Tony was itching to get things done. Naturally, they got stuck in bumper-to-bumper traffic for at least an hour or two – perhaps even more! – and Tony made it a habit of letting out some colorful words while Steve seemed to be resisting the urge to hit a hole through the steering wheel. The sky, now a headache-inducing bright blue rather than painted with the pale orange and yellow colors of the sunrise, made Tony glad that he is a sunglasses enthusiast.
“Yeah?”
“Yes, easily. I can probably do it with my hands tied behind my back. Not exactly cost efficient but I don’t see how constantly managing another human in order to keep them alive is. There’s most likely another motive behind this. They can’t be doing this just because they want to save a few bucks.”
Tony can tell by the hesitation in his voice that his response isn’t one-hundred percent honest but he doesn’t push it, instead opting for searching for an escape. “Alright, let’s get out of here. I have what we need.”
Tony pulls a small, golden key out of his back pocket and confidently stuffs it into a keyhole located below all of the floor numbers. The keyhole looked like its purpose is to open a system control for an engineer, but Tony’s been eavesdropping with a drink in his hand, finding out the true purpose, and with his wicked charm, he got his hands on the key. As soon as the doors close once again and the elevator lurches into motion, Tony stuffs the key back into his pocket and casually leans up against the right corner while Steve remains in the left.
“Steve?”
“Not unless I absolutely have to.” Steve admits. “It’s just been a while since I’ve worn a suit so formal.”
“Yeah. He didn’t put up much of a fight.”
However, as Tony stands up to show him what he has done so far, the mission is the last thing on his mind.
Tony looks away and reaches outward, his hand touching the cold nightstand beside his bed. It feels nice to touch something solid. The only sound of water came from the sound of the ocean waves crashing against the sand. They never stopped no matter what time it was.
Out of the corner of his eye, Tony sees a tall woman running up to them and he recognizes her as the other person attempting to kidnap the kid. She stops beside the nerd, peering at Tony through her sunglasses. Her hazel eyes stare directly at his. “The damn kid got away…huh. You look familiar.”
“Contrary to popular belief, I know exactly what I’m doing because I’ve done it before hundreds of times and hey, I’m still fine.” Even Tony knows that it’s a lie, but thankfully the conversation is dropped as quickly as it had been picked up. However, Tony doesn’t miss the glances that Steve throws at him every now and then. His bright blue eyes seem to be able to see through his soul and that is mildly unnerving.
When Tony looks to the side, the cup of coffee on his nightstand stares back at him mockingly. His hand remains on his Reactor, in the same place Steve had put his.
Tony tilts his head up at the voice above him and he makes eye contact with Steve, whose blue eyes seem to be much bluer now that they turned the hotel lights to full brightness. Even though Tony can’t see anything but Steve’s face and the ceiling, he’s one hundred percent certain that the man is crossing his arms. “Let me think about that,” he pauses for a minute before shrugging his shoulders uselessly and looking back down at the metal he’s tinkering with, “no.”
“Leave me alone already! Don’t you guys have anything better to do? I don’t have any money.” Tony can tell that the kid is the one yelling and he looks up again, this time curiously watching them.
Steve’s face reddens for some reason and he turns around as he quickly spits out, “Alright. Uh…my middle name is Grant.”
“Steeeeeeeve. I have something important to tell you.”
“Why can’t we just look everything up online? I’m sure that there are some records. Do we have to resort to stealing from them?”
Now that he’s closer, Tony can get a better look at him. He has light brown hair, pale blue eyes, and thick-rimmed glasses that make him look like the pretentious sons of rich men that Tony has met as a kid. It is also just now that Tony realizes he’s wearing a suit but from what he can tell, there are no identifying marks to it. It’s just a regular suit.
Then it starts to get hotter inside the car despite the air conditioner being on.
Tony smiles wryly. “Hey. Are you alright?”
There isn’t much room for argument, so both of the clamber back into the car and hit the gas, speeding away from the smoking remains of the building. As Tony takes a peek in one of the mirrors, he sees the tendrils of smoke slowly rising to the sky, painting the bright blue sky a hazy pastel color.
“Yeah, yeah. In the very small chance that they’re not, you can call me a dumbass to my face.” Tony replies absentmindedly, getting his fake badge ready as well as his watch, going for another disguised voice.
“It’s not my fault that they had so many options for toppings. It turns out that I have as much of a sweet tooth as you.” Steve looks at him and grins widely, some ice cream smeared on top of his lips. Tony’s heart seems to skip a beat. Steve notices his lack of response and he looks at him questioningly. “Tony?”
“Sounds like a fun time. I have no idea how much use I would be to you if I’m full of bullet holes. You’re not taking me alive,” he warns, pretending to be adjusting his watch but in reality he made sure that it started recording what he was witnessing – whether it be sights or sounds. He had sent the SOS signal to Steve a few minutes ago while searching for his disguised voice but so far it didn’t look like he had received it.
“Great.”
Suddenly, Steve slings an arm around Tony’s shoulders, nudging for Tony’s hand to wrap around his back. “You’re acting like they broke my kneecaps and took my kidneys. All they did was rough me around a bit.” Tony complains but he does as Steve silently directed him to, thankful for having some support to lean against other than a wall. He isn’t sure what device they used but his head feels like it’s still spinning. He hopes that Steve blames his burning cheeks on whatever he was hit with.
Steve is silent for a few moments and Tony begins to worry that he has offended him somehow, or that he isn’t as alright as Tony thinks he is. “Do you have them, too?”
“You haven’t seen the photos?” Natasha snorts and taps on her phone before smiling and saying, “Steve, check your phone. You’ll love them.”
“Where are your pants?”
“That interview feels like it’s a hundred years old. Anyway, are we going to look at what’s on the flash drive tonight?” Steve asks, looking up from combing over the files they’ve stolen the first day of their mission.
he begs. If Steve uses his full strength then he’ll easily be identified and therefore Tony’s cover would be blown, too. As if answering his prayers, Steve pretends to stumble back from a punch to the chest he could have easily dodged, which left him open to a punch square in the jaw – Tony winces at the force but so far it seems that Steve is mainly acting.
“I don’t. We’re winging it.”
“Open it! You’re a supersoldier! Dad didn’t hop you up on drugs for nothing.” Tony urgently orders as he moves over to the desk to make room as Steve climbs up it. Steve obliges and hooks his hands underneath the window, pulling it up. Unfortunately, and Tony realizes this too late, that having super strength also means not being able to control it at all times.
Footsteps above them signal that the people in the hotel room above them are also on their balcony. Soon enough, music starts playing, most likely from a radio considering the static that it suffers from every now and then.
“Jackpot!” Tony exclaims as he looks at the confidential file, which is filled to the brim with disorganized papers. He puts his phone away and gathers the folder in his arms, surprised at how heavy it is. As soon as he has it in a secure grasp, he glances back towards Steve, who is busy staring off into the distance behind them, his eyes unusually clouded. Naturally, Tony doesn’t take it as a good sign.
“Tired already?” he teases, elbowing Steve in the ribs. “You’re supposed to be a super soldier! Or is your old age finally getting to you? Do you want me to design a walker for you, Sir Rogers? We’ll stay out here as long as we damn need to. The only lead we have is a flashdrive from an exploding building and we don’t even know what’s on it because it could explode, too. I still think we should run it regardless, by the way. The curiosity is killing me.”
The paper makes a tearing noise and Steve groans. Tony turns to see him with half the sheet of paper in his hand while the other half desperately hangs onto the drawing pad as if it were the edge of a cliff. Tony spots a smudge of bright blue on the paper and tilts his head, trying to get a better look at it only for Steve to clutch the torn papers to his chest, his blue eyes narrowing accusingly.
below our paygrade.” He flips through pages, attempting to memorize faces, names, anything he could get his eyes on. Eventually, his eyes fall upon two small cards paperclipped to the end of the file, and he curiously picks them up.
“No heat signatures detected inside.” Friday reports.
Once they make it to the far left side of the room, Tony wastes no time in looking for a possible exit and, lo and behold, there is a small window a few feet above a cluttered desk. Tony scrambles on top of the desk while Steve makes sure to let him know how much time they have while also knocking over chairs and other obstacles to buy some time. Tucking the folder under his arm, Tony tries prying the window open – and to no avail.
what he’s doing. For a handful of seconds, Tony’s method works like a charm, but eventually Steve ends up besting him and he throws his head back as he groans in defeat, “Okay, okay, fine. Just one. This is manipulation at its finest, I hope you know that.”
Tony thinks, horrified,
“What?”
Tony pushes the thought away as soon as his common sense overrides his emotions. He shakes his head as if the action would put a stop to such thoughts from pestering him and leaves the hotel room, making his way to the elevator and eventually out of the hotel itself.
“How long are we going to be out here?” Tony hears Steve ask and he turns his head to the side just in time to catch Steve checking the time on his watch – the watch that Tony made for him last night. Tony can’t help but smile. “I think it’s going to start raining again soon.”
As Tony takes a sip of the coffee, Steve continues speaking, this time his gaze averted downwards, “I also wanted to check on your back. But you were out like a light as soon as we got here so I figured I wouldn’t do it without your permission.”
He winces at the memory. “And let me tell you, my back is going to be feeling that for the rest of my life.”
As soon as he confidently struts outside, the dawn air hits him, crisp and a bit chilly. The waves lazily roll in the distance, seagulls continue to caw overhead, and no one else seems to be on the boardwalk. Tony can see a handful of people on the beach beside the water if he squints – they were most likely there to watch the sunrise and then decided to stick around before the crowd comes in. The smell of saltwater hangs heavy in the air but Tony can also smell something sweet and quickly realizes that hotel kitchens must be making breakfast.
to bench him under the current circumstances just because he deals with PTSD – as if Steve doesn’t experience it, too. They’d want to take Tony off of the mission because it’s so reminiscent of what he has gone through in Afghanistan but little do they know, there is never a point in time when Tony doesn’t think about what happened. The constant reminder is imbedded in his chest, for heaven’s sake.
On their way back, Tony tugs on Steve’s arm, pulling him closer to the entrance of a nearby gift shop. Since they had a hotel so close to the boardwalk and beach, the area is loaded with gift shops around every corner. A great marketing tactic, honestly. Tony hesitantly separates from Steve, gesturing towards the door.
Tony knows well enough that Steve is still awake, too, even though he didn’t sneak a glance at him yet. He’s willing to bet all of his money as well as his company on it. Back in Afghanistan, Tony would lull himself to sleep by listening to the sounds of Yinsen softly breathing while he slept, taking comfort in the sound of another human being in a cave so isolated and dark. He’s grown so accustomed to listening to it that he now knows how to tell whether someone is awake or not simply by paying attention to their breathing patterns, and to be honest Tony feels like it’s a talent that he could comfortably live without.
As they burst through the front doors, Tony knows that their time is incredibly limited and they need to be a good distance away to avoid getting seriously injured. Clumsily pressing a button on his watch that causes the gauntlet from his suit to appear over his hand, Tony resists the urge to ask Steve if he’s still mad that he brought some parts of his suit along.
“I’m willing to bet my entire net worth that the drive doesn’t mention them. It’d be too risky even with the bomb planted there.”
For the next few minutes, Tony rummages through the room while Steve trails behind him. He finds other keys, pencils, pens, guns, bullets, various papers with half-finished sketches, receipts, and some take-out boxes. He contemplates how much he can carry, especially if he’s on the run, and frowns.
He hears Steve snort and get up from the bed. Suddenly, the sun disappears, and Tony lets out a small sigh of relief. He lifts his arm from his head and sits up, noticing that Steve has a different outfit on – a white T-shirt and gray sweatpants.
“Fuck!” Tony snaps as he finally gets a good look at the engine and notices the tendrils of steam rising from it. This is the last thing he needs.
Thankfully, what Fury ended up describing sounded less urgent than aliens invading Earth or a robot trying to commit mass murder, but still important. He was vague, mentioning that Steve and Tony had to go undercover so the “bad guys” wouldn’t get nervous that the Avengers were on their tails and go into hiding, therefore jeopardizing any potential evidence and ways to stop them before they go underground.
“I’ll take my chances, Winghead. Now get out of the way of my light, I’m busy.”
As he reaches for it, however, he feels his anxiety suddenly spike. Something about this process seems too easy and convenient. The flashdrive has a chance of being useless, yes, but it also has a chance of being important. He hesitates, drawing his hand away as if the flashdrive will burn him if he makes contact, before he shakes his head in disappointment towards himself.
Steve arches an eyebrow, finally looking away from the elevator doors. “You act like we’re going face-to-face with an entire army.”
Within moments, Tony and Steve are left alone in the innermost part of the station.
Tony glances at Steve, who is sitting down on the chair closest to the side of the balcony, his eyes curiously fixed on him. He wears a soft smile and just then, a breeze flickers by them, ruffling his hair. “I have. I used to live in a place where I’d always wake up to the sound of the ocean,” he says in response, drawing away from the balcony and plopping down on the chair beside Steve.
“Are you going to sleep anytime soon?”
Eventually, Steve picks it up again. “Just have one.”
one of my kidneys that it’s the latter.”
“Excuse me, it’s going to
To his relief, the subject is not brought up again.
“How do you like morning jogs?” Tony asks and before he gives his enemy time to answer, he pushes past him, running in the opposite direction the kid came from.
But what will come of this groundbreaking new information? Suddenly, this mission became personal to one of the heroes. That’s the last thing any agency wants, especially one that wants to remain on the down-low.
The two of them exchange worried looks in the darkness before Tony starts taking note of more of their surroundings, trying to mentally map a quick and easy exit.
They turn the corner into the hallway and open the door that leads them back to where they came from. The officer from before is still there, lazily kicked back, softly humming a song. Tony takes the lead, awkwardly shuffling towards the front door with the file hidden in his jacket as he quickly shouts, “Everything looks great, you’re doing a great job, if I were your boss I’d give you a raise, you have a great humming voice. Our work here is done.”
“No, we’ve got the files. They’re in the middle of being processed and sent to you right now.”
In a desperate attempt to throw his pursuer off, Tony sharply turns the corner into an alley nestled between two large buildings, praying that there’s no wall to stop him.
“This might be bigger than we thought.”
“If there’s anyone who isn’t a team player there, it’s probably you,” the voice on the other end states matter-o-factly, and Tony has to mentally agree. “Please tell me that you two found something and that you’re not hanging upside down over a pit of acid.”
“If they’re as meticulous and careful as Nat said they are, then probably someone they’ve been watching for a while,” Steve answers but he sounds distracted, and Tony hears the eraser annoyingly squeaking against the paper as he attempts to gently get rid of a mistake. “Someone close to their base, maybe, so they wouldn’t have to use too many resources for transportation-”
A silence falls between them and Tony expects the worst. Ever since their first interaction in New York when Loki tried to take over, it seemed like they were prone to arguing every second of their lives. He shifts his weight on top of one leg, biting his bottom lip before he decides to put Steve out of his misery and prevent this moment from getting any more awkward. However, before he can get a single word out, Steve’s words stop him.
Finally, there was a light at the end of the tunnel. Steve made a right turn and that smaller street led to an emptier, calmer road with barely any cars traveling on it. Tony could have cried at the sight. They both breathed sighs of relief and laughed and turned the music up, trying to make the most out of their trip there, finally free from the clutches of traffic and the poor driving skills that plague the East Coast. Naturally, this type of bliss only lasted for fifteen minutes at most.
A few more awkward and silent seconds pass as the elevator descends down from the second floor to the first, taking all three men away from the Gala event they all found themselves in. Thankfully, as the doors slide open, the other man gets out of the elevator and walks down the hall, allowing for Tony and Steve to get some much-needed room to breathe.
After all, Iron Man protects everyone. Tony Stark makes it a statement to protect those he loves.
starts to wonder what he was drawing over there.
“Y’know what I’m thinking? We walk right in, take what we need, and walk right back out and be back by dinner so I can get some five-star hotel wine.” Tony says as he stuffs his hands in his pockets, the action seeming casual but actually being a way to wipe his hands against the fabric of his jeans.
tempting to do it right now.”
wish I was undercover with Nat instead. Have you ever even been undercover before?”
“You know who I am? I haven’t seen you before in my entire life.”
Ignoring the obvious remark about Natasha, Tony pauses for a moment as he finally finishes tightening the tie and says, “Hey, it’s happened to me before. Didn’t I tell you about it? Somebody had a tattoo of me on their arm. Anyways, I haven’t seen anyone with you on their bodies, but that increases the chances of your face being drawn straight on their butt. How do you feel about that, Capsicle?”
“Have a little faith in me, Capsicle.”
“He’s one of them. He said he recognized us as the people who stole the drive and tried getting past me but he sort of walked into my fist.” There’s something strained in Steve’s voice.
“I need to make upgrades to your watch. I have a few fun things in mind.” Tony remarks before adding, “I’d have to teach you everything, of course. I’ll explain everything slowly and carefully so your old ears don’t miss anything. That’s how it is with the elderly, huh, Steve?”
Now his reality might be someone else’s and they wouldn’t have the mercy of escaping.
As soon as he finishes the sentence he pops the hood of the car open and props it up, Steve coming up to stand beside him.
“I already know that.” Tony dismisses with a wave of his hand. Seriously, who did Steve think he was? Tony grew up
if you wanna yell at me about how bad tony and steve are at being spies, consider endgame. trust me, they're the worst people for the job.
“That’s
Steve shrugs in defeat before he busies himself with his own tie, colored blue in contrast to Tony’s red. Both of them are in formal wear since Fury reported a Gala going on where they are most likely to find out everything they can.
Steve is the first to flush red with embarrassment as he rigidly sits up, brushing a hand through his hair, which is still messy from the collapse of the building. “Sorry, Nat.”
His voice cuts off as Steve shuts the front door behind them and they both quickly jog away from the station just in case the officer wants to get up and put up a chase – as slim as those chances are considering how comfortable he looked. As soon as they’re a good distance away and mingled into the crowd, Tony slows down to a walk. He feels as if something is weighing him down and this time, it’s not the Arc Reactor.
that Steve notices something off in his behavior, too, and he can tell from the glances that the other man keeps tossing at him every now and then.
Tony thinks.
this chapter is LONG holy shit. a lot of things go down. i feel like this is turning into a buddy cop story but listen, i'm having a lot of fun writing this. the next chapter is also gonna be pretty important.
“You went undercover with Nat before, right?” Tony remembers; neither Nat nor Steve told him about it in detail and frankly, Tony never cared enough to ask but he supposes that with their current circumstances and simply because he has nothing better to say, he might as well help pass the time.
Steve is one of the only people Tony trusts to be in the driver’s seat of a car.
Not that he wants Steve to sit close to him. No, that isn’t the true reason. It can’t be. He reasons with himself that it must be for security reasons. They only have each other to trust. They have no one else to turn to other than Fury and perhaps Natasha but he doubts that they will show their faces here unless they mess up beyond repair.
comments and kudos are always appreciated! lemme know what you think!
After a few moments, Tony breaks the silence. “Hey, uh. Thanks for saving my ass back there. Not that I would have normally needed it, I would have just called my suit and blasted them into oblivion, but you know the circumstances. You’re the supersoldier and I’m not.”
“What do you think? I don’t know if you’re aware of this but you currently have no pants. Go shopping. Tell me what you like and I’ll buy it.”
His thought process and trip down memory lane is soon rudely interrupted as Tony’s phone rings, and he spares a brief glance at the caller ID. “It’s Fury. Let’s not pick up. I wanna see if he sends the entirety of SHIELD after us or if he just assumes we’ve keeled over and calls it a day. I’ll bet you half of my company’s fortune
“Seriously? Anyone can tell that’s fake. You’d never give us a vacation. In Florida, nonetheless. Is your team going to focus on Photoshopping pictures of us on the beach? If so, can you make me taller than Steve?”
In the distance, Tony can see the ocean, the waves crashing against the sand as civilians of all ages splash in the water. Rainbow umbrellas dot the pale sand. Laughter can be heard from every direction, extending from the beach towards the boardwalk, the latter of the two being closer to the hotel. If he leans against the barrier in front of them, Tony can see various people walking across the boardwalk, their voices mingling into one single sound. He notices that a lot of them are families.
Casting those thoughts aside, he determines that the video is enough to keep their alibi going for the time being. As long as they don’t mess up anymore, they should be alright.
Back then, Tony agreed. Did he really know what he was getting himself into, though?
Exchanging glances with Steve and shrugging, Tony takes initiative to speak first, holding out his badge. “The name’s Anders…uh…” his voice trails off as he realizes that he never took the time to memorize his entire fake name. It’d look weird if he looks at it now. He clears his throat, quickly improvising, “Howard. Howard Anders. My partner and I are here to examine your station. Make sure that everything is up to date.”
handle whatever is on the drive right now. He isn’t even sure if he wants Steve to handle it, either.
comments and kudos are always appreciated and help keep me going, thank you!
Steve huffs as he does the same. “There’s absolutely nothing stopping me from doing that right now. In fact, it’s
a regular gun before he’s hit with a blast that throws him against a nearby discarded wooden sign, which splinters and eventually breaks. Groaning in pain and annoyance, Tony props himself up on his elbows, his ears ringing. His back feels like it’s on fire. Come to think of it, every part of him feels like it’s on fire.
“A cult maybe?”
It’s only after they stumble back into the hotel room, slamming the door behind them, that Tony realizes his hands are still shaking.
Steve seems to be surprised that he’s called out but he quickly recovers, clearing his throat. “Are you alright?”
The words printed on the paper ring in his head like a church bell. His chest seems to ache with sympathy. A wave of nausea threatens to wash over him.
He wishes he could laugh at the hilarity of the situation but instead he just stares at Steve’s face. The sheer determination it holds seems to pierce through his soul. His heart skips a beat.
“You alright?” he brushes his free hand against Steve’s shoulder, who offers him a small smile, meant to be reassuring,
Finally, after seconds that pass by like hours, the ground stops shaking. Tony tentatively lifts his head up, wrinkling his nose at the smell of smoke. Still on the ground, he tilts his head and looks around him, searching for the familiar sight of Steve next to him. When he sees nothing but grass and dust around him, his stomach lurches and a crushing weight presses down on his chest.
He opens his mouth to respond, his first instinct being to lie, but then he stops himself and hesitates. His eyes wander from the blanket, taking note of the rumpled sheets, before he looks back up at Steve again, who is looking at him with such a searching expression that it makes Tony feel like he’s looking right through him. However, there is no malice behind it and Tony feels like he’s being softly encouraged instead. He finds that he can’t hold Steve’s gaze any longer for some odd reason and therefore he looks back down, removing his hand from Steve’s shoulder.
“As long as the media believes it, then your bad guys will believe it, too. You’ll also find other necessary supplies in the folder I gave you.”
They spend a few minutes rummaging through various rooms, all of them rather small and empty. Tony always goes ahead, managing to read papers in record time, therefore deciphering between a lunch schedule and something important. Steve trails behind, making sure that they won’t get ambushed even though Tony is confident that Friday was right about there being no humans in the building currently, other than them. He also goes through what Tony might have missed, since Tony is quick but often careless in his approach.
Voices catch his interest and he looks up from his watch, where he had been toying with it to keep his hands busy, peering through his sunglasses at the only other people on the boardwalk ahead of him. Tony spots a rather short male and a taller female, both of their identities unknown to him, hanging around a kid who doesn’t look more than thirteen-years-old. At first, he thinks nothing of it. After all, they look very much like a regular family out for a walk.
“For now, just stick to files. Any files you can find. We need to know more about what we’re up against before you take them down.”
“Yeah. Yeah, sometimes. I think that comes with the job description of being an Avenger,” he softly admits, “everyone on the team has nightmares. I know they do. You can’t do the shit we do without seeing it again in your dreams.”
A loud clap of thunder interrupts them both and Tony turns his attention towards the window just in time to see the rain intensify, pelting the glass of the window like miniature bullets. It is unspoken but Tony takes that as his sign of game over and both of them fall silent once again, the only noises coming from the rain and the muffled voices of people in the hallway. Naturally, Tony’s mind drifts back to the main reason why he is stuck in a hotel room with Steve in the first place.
you.” The man with the glasses says, his emphasis on “help” sending off alarms in Tony’s head. Tony straightens up and slowly edges forward, making sure to look like a casual bystander as he catches more of their conversation.
“No, not for me. For you. I figured that since we’re both undercover, you need some technological benefits, too, since it’ll help us keep in touch just in case,” Tony explains, wondering why he feels compelled to explain it when it really is a simple concept, “and don’t worry, I’m in the middle of installing a tutorial for using Google.”
Tony lies awake.
he mentally consoles himself to avoid spiraling, lifting his face up from his hands to dare look at Steve again.
Realization hits Tony like a brick.
He doesn’t bother leaving a note. He doubts that he’ll be outside for long. If anything, he has his watch.
“I don’t think that’s true.”
“Oh.” Steve wipes his mouth with the napkin the cashier gave him and that was the end of that situation. Still, despite that, Tony couldn’t stop thinking about it. He blamed it on the hazelnuts in his ice cream – lovingly named Stark Raving Hazelnuts. He had never really like hazelnuts. Yeah, that was
Finally, Tony has had enough of Steve’s not-so inconspicuous looks towards him. “What are you looking at?”
“Are you kidding me? Have a little faith in me, Cap,” Tony laughs bitterly before he adds in a much more serious tone of voice, “But really, the building is about to blow up, so unless you want paramedics to try stitching our bodies back together like some screwed up jigsaw puzzle, you better use those supersoldier legs and run.”
“Yeah, it definitely is.” Tony notices that Steve’s laugh sounds a little different as he says that, but he doesn’t think about it too much. However, he gets a weird feeling in his chest as he mulls over his own words, but thankfully before he can think too much about it he suddenly remembers the reason why they’re sitting rather pathetically on the road.
also, this chapter is a little longer than the others.
“What are we doing here?”
The sunlight streams through the large windows of the ground level of the hotel, and the pearly white interior design doesn’t make it any less blinding. Barely anyone is around despite the free food, though Tony supposes that if they can afford a five-star hotel, then they can wake up whenever they please. Tony is relieved that there are no crowds – even if he is undercover, he still feels like he’s going to stumble across an over-enthusiastic reporter with so many personal questions that would make Tony feel like he has his own personal therapist.
It took a bit more coaxing but eventually Steve agreed to try his classic ice cream flavor – Super Soldier Swirl. When they both walk into the parlor, Tony realizes that he is still holding onto Steve’s arm and he quickly lets it go, his face heating up despite the cold air that hit his face. Thank God Steve didn’t seem to notice.
When they walked out after paying the teenager behind the register – who thankfully didn’t seem to recognize either of them – Steve had the most sprinkles on his ice cream cone, which made Tony devilishly grin. “Well, well, well. Mr. I-didn’t-want-ice-cream has a cone that looks like it belongs to a five-year-old.”
“They really weren’t lying when they said that they were everywhere,” he murmurs as soon as they are out of earshot, “knowing our luck, some of them might be employees in our hotel.”
“That’s it!” The man smiles and snaps his fingers.
The officer doesn’t seem too interested in looking at the badge. His eyes scan over it quickly before they glaze over with the same bored look he had before. “Who sent you?”
“I’m telling you I don’t know where the second key went!” A voice yells, distressed and masculine. Tony recognizes it as the person he bumped into earlier in order to get the elevator key. “It could have slipped out of my pocket. One of those bitches I was messing around with earlier could have stolen it. Listen, I really doubt that if anyone did pick it up, they would be here.” As the man quickly speaks, trying to prove his innocence, Tony remembers that the key is in his back pocket.
i wrote this by impulse, hope you all enjoy!
Trying to shove that moment in the back of his mind and keep it there, Tony takes advantage of Steve being knocked out like a light in order to change clothes. He sheds his tank top, replacing it with a black long-sleeved shirt that is dark enough to cover the glow of his Arc Reactor. He doesn’t usually hide it whenever he goes outside but it’s his most identifying mark. In other words, he has no choice. He then puts on dark blue jeans, sunglasses despite the sun having just risen, and expensive sneakers.
“Steeeeeeve.” Tony whines as he collapses on top of his bed, his stomach and one side of his face squished against the covers. He quickly changes position to lie on his back when his Arc Reactor starts to feel like it’s squeezing the air out of his lungs. When Tony gets no response, he says it even louder and in a much more vexing tone of voice.
Despite Steve’s words, neither of them end up getting a wink of sleep.
Despite Friday’s words, they creep inside slowly and cautiously, making sure to quietly close the doors behind them. It’s oddly quiet inside, quiet enough for Tony to hear birds chirping outside. Sunlight streams through the windows, making the white interior seem whiter, resembling a hospital in a way. The floor is dirty and the walls have a multitude of stains and cracks of different shapes and sizes but other than that, it seems like it’s only recently been abandoned. In a way, that only seems to unnerve Tony more.
Tony’s knuckles briefly rub against the area under his Arc Reactor. His mind is elsewhere now, paying no attention to the storm raging outside. “Hey, Steve? Who do you think their next victim is going to be?”
“Yes, thank you, a large plain pie with a side of ‘cut the sass, Stark,’” Fury’s voice comes from the other end. “Are you two ready? The event starts in ten minutes and I want to make sure that you didn’t argue yourselves out of there.”
anyways, lemme know what you think! comments and kudos are always appreciated!
as your disguised voice?”
Behind him, he hears Steve gather his papers, stuffing them back into his drawing pad before he closes it. The art session is over and apparently, so is the conversation between them.
The voices get louder. Panic begins to take a hold of Tony’s throat. Tony tries again but the window only budges a little, not enough to fully open.
“Does anyone actually believe this shit?” Tony scoffs.
He tries to open the handle but it doesn’t budge. No surprise there. Bending down, Tony taps a few times on his watch, the gauntlet appearing over his hand. He waits as Friday reads off his strength percentage before finally putting his hand on the handle, pushing down with controlled strength. The lock breaks with a sharp and satisfying click but the handle remains in place.
Silence.
“Don’t you already have one?”
My chest is a warzone. Why don’t you tell me something new, Rogers?” he spits, not meaning to come off so harsh but somehow managing to do so despite that.
“Hey, I don’t know what’s down here other than the fact that it’s what we need to kick this mission off.” Tony says before he watches Steve tug at his collar again. “Do you wear suits often?”
Rogers. That’s just fucked up.” Tony emphasizes, his chest beginning to ache with frustration as words continue to spill out of his mouth. “It’s not exactly a great bedtime story if you know what I mean.”
“It’s rude to look at an artist’s unfinished work. No one asked you to look.” Steve says defensively, and now Tony
“Do you think they saw our faces?” Steve asks after a long moment of silence as the both of them prepare the hotel room for temporary lockdown, which includes shutting the blinds, drawing the curtains closed, locking the door, and putting a chair in front of the doorknob. The basics of temporary quarters safety.
His eyes catch the glint of the gun shining in the sunlight a few feet away from him and he desperately reaches towards it, only for the woman to step right on his outstretched hand, forcing him to yell out a curse. “For a spy, you’re pretty weak. Did they put you through any training wherever you work?”
“Have you ever seen the ocean like this?”
thanks for reading, comments and kudos are always appreciated.
he winces,
“Batteries have a short life span, right?” Tony had said earlier that night as they examined the various papers, beginning to explain it not only for Steve’s sake but for his own, too. “You throw them away once they run out of juice and buy some new ones. But what if you can have a battery that lasts for years? More than ten years? More than twenty? What will you need to accomplish that?”
“Hey, let’s go out to the balcony. We’ve been stuffed in here for a while.” Steve suggests as he stands up and opens the sliding window, something that Fury told them not to do. Sunlight streams into the room and Tony wants to shy away from it and continue working, but instead he finds himself drawn to it as if it were a magnet.
