“Don’t push your luck, with the amount of narcotics in your pocket I would suggest you take your leave” Sherlock said with a lift of her chin
She blinked a few times, shifting their stances so the obvious bulge of John’s tented trousers wasn’t pressed against her thigh so prominently
“Charles!” his grip was crushing, much too enthusiastic  “Mike’s been going on and on about you! Turning our Sheryl into a decent woman, aye?”
Her lips were everywhere, his ears, jaw, neck, and all he could do was bite back a moan and grip her slender waist tightly in his hands
“Of course I don’t, but Christ!” He shook his head angrily, finally getting around to zipping up his fly in an attempt to hide his modesty, but there wasn’t much left. Sherlock had flown up the stairs like the force of nature she was, completely ignoring everything John had repeatedly told her about boundaries and walking right into John seconds away from losing himself in another woman’s mouth, and he nearly came from the sheer shock of gooseflesh that prickled over his skin when his eyes locked with hers
But the alcohol was wearing his stamina and far too quickly did he have the sense to pull out, his cum spraying over her nightshirt as he trembled, wordless cry leaving his lips and resting his forehead against her silk-clad shoulder
“But I try” He added after several minutes of silence, his voice piercing the speechless air and caused her to tense just slightly, before relaxing again, shoulders slumping
“This case is solved.” She rolled her shoulders back, as if checking the range of motion she still held, before standing up, straight, using her height to her advantage to seem healthy and confident, even as pain bloomed over her ribs, stomach, thighs, places his foot had made contact with during the physical fight
Getting her brother to leave the flat, Sherlock noticed, was getting much easier with the new development with her flatmate, just yet another thing added to the list of reasons she enjoyed sleeping with John Watson
“There aren’t any signs of infection, and the wounds are shallow, you should be free to leave by this afternoon” She spoke cheerfully, tucking loose red hair behind her ear “I’m sure you already know all the proper ways to treat your wounds but I’m afraid I have to explain anyways”
“What’s got you all worked up, then? A bit jealous?” Sally smirked, as if her accusation was well founded, the hand she had playfully rested on John’s shoulder twisted possessively
He flinched as she grabbed her shirt, not bothering to even shoulder it on before stomping down the stairs to his room with a parting remark about him enjoying his ‘freak show’, and slamming the front door hard enough to shake the walls
“Not now” John barked, running his hand through his hair what must’ve been the 10th time in the past five minutes, his pacing as short and curt as his response
“Quite right” Sherlock smiled, again, “though you’ve missed the fifth. He’s the husband; the others are his son’s, her stepchildren. They’re attempting to locate a piece of vintage jewelry judging by the victims thus far, a piece legally sold at auction but most likely belong to the leader’s family at one point. They mean no harm, and steal nothing at all, only trash the place in an attempt to locate the family heirloom that was more than likely stolen from the generation before her, be it mother or father’s side. I have no doubt she married the man for his previous involvement with the law, break ins, petty robbery, the sons are an added bonus in case they were to run into the home owners. Though from their lack of weapons it’s obvious they have no real plan for if such a thing were to happen. More than likely had a victim walked in they’d just restrain them and demand the location of the heirloom, leave when they find they do not have it.” Sherlock turned to Lestrade to say the rest to him “She’s taller than John; roughly 5’7” judging by her shoe print, average weight, the men are closer to 6’5”. You’ll hardly have trouble finding them in the system, and it would seem” She paused, pulling out her magnifying glass and crouching down, retrieving tweezers to pluck a single red hair from the floor, short like that of a cat “His DNA has been left behind, there is no doubt in my mind he is already in the system. Take the father in for questioning, have the sons and wife in separate rooms. The sons will sell out their stepmother in an attempt to cut back the time for their father. You can take it from here, I assume” Sherlock said, dropping the hair sample in a plastic bag the forensic analysis handed to her without a word, helpful and actually admiring of Sherlock’s work unlike the previous one who had long since moved away to a different city in an attempt to save his marriage
Look at me, actually doing my update, if a lil late, but still technically the second Saturday (it's 11:25pm where I am), so yay
“You should’ve picked some bloke closer to your height for this” John gestured vaguely with his hand
It wasn’t as if this was something he wasn’t used to, of course, it happened before. More often than not did he and Sherlock pose as a couple to more easily blend into a crowd.
Her hand pushed back her curls, raking through her hair as she leaned forward and thought of the best way to explain it all
“Excuse me, sir” a soft knock followed by a quick entrance caused John to dart his attention away from his sleeping flatmate, looking up towards the door and bringing one finger to his lips
“Sherlock…” He called softly, but she didn’t stir, out cold and catching up on years of neglected sleep, the job and stress exhausting her beyond even her self-control could handle
Her long thin fingers dug their way into her unruly curls and pulled them loose, allowing them to fall around her face in uneven waves of brown that looked almost red in the noon lighting flickering in from the window
It's anime styled (literally the only thing I can draw) and it is my own work, so please don't take it
“Sherlock!” John repeated louder, through clenched teeth “Not good!” and she paused, glancing his way before blinking a few times, as if she hadn’t noticed she was about to start deducing her family’s lives in front of them
Again, I'll be updating as often as I can, since writing/updating/networking was part of my New Year's Resolutions, so yay?
Sherlock is aware of the tension between them, so thick in the air it runs over their skin and leaves gooseflesh in its wake, a spark of fire in their veins that are so pumped with adrenaline, it leaves their hearts no break in their drumming
But there were some things that didn’t change, some habits that never went away, and that bit was obvious every once in a while
“But I need it! The cravings are worse than nicotine, and it’s not as if there is a patch for that sort of thing”
“Elementary” she replied, her hands returning to her pockets as she handed back the sample to be tested
It truly hit her then that this was her HUSBAND, John Watson, perfect, complex, ever interesting John Watson, the man that limped into her life and changed everything
The first challenge he received, and he didn’t know how to handle it, so he stumbled over his words for a bit, opening and closing his mouth a few times before finally settling on telling Irene what mattered most, that she needed to let Sherlock know
“John…” She moaned when he licked the pulse point of her neck where his teeth had been a few moments before, but that wouldn’t do, when she said his name, spoke at all, the anger in the pit of his stomach grew, and he growled into her skin, pulling down her pajama bottoms and pants all in one smooth motion, and they pooled around her ankles as he curved his hand behind her knee, pulling her leg up and to her stomach, hooking it over his good shoulder. The frantic sound of his fly being undone punctured the air otherwise filled with their heavy breathing, and he pulled himself out from within the confines of his jeans, pushing in rather roughly, and groaned when her body accepted him easily.
“Of course” Sherlock replied, transferring the child over to their landlady before turning her attention towards her brother
It wasn’t until later, when he was brushing his teeth, did he see the very noticeable bright red spot forming on his neck, right where Sherlock’s mouth had been hours before, and he realized she’d been more concerned with marking him than getting him off
From all that it was obvious a surprise party for her was out of the question, any type of party at all, actually
“Nothing to be ashamed of? Honestly, John, surely you don’t believe that? After seeing what addiction has done to your sister, you think she’d be so willing to share the details to any future partners?” she shook her head, “If you knew half the things I’d done during those times, the trades I made for a simple fix, I doubt you see it as anything short of shameful” with that, she looked up, her eyes dark with an emotion he couldn’t place, only knowing he didn’t like the way it played across her features
“We agreed no murders until he was 18” John added, just to say something, it always helped to remind people that he was still the other parent, and wasn’t about to let Sherlock do something too crazy like trying to show Junior a picture of a beheading when he was 7
“It is a restroom, I’ll let you deduce the answer” She answered evenly, slipping her gloves back on, straightening her coat before flickering her gaze over the woman in front of her
“I can care for myself” she added angrily, dropping the now trash into the bin with enough force to echo through the kitchen and shatter the glass
“Hardly, and a blindfold won’t be effective when I am able to find out exactly what cross streets we stop at before you’re able to read them by the amount of turns and the bumps in the road”
“I would imagine the case with the mail man who dressed as various cartoon characters to commit murder would come out on top…” Sherlock replied, a smile on her lips while she turned to meet his eyes “Pet Mail, was it?”
“My, my, have we interrupted a domestic?” Donovan’s lip curled up slightly in a sneer as she arrived on the scene, followed quickly by Lestrade, who wore a mask of disapproval over obvious concern
The words were harder to say than he imagined, even with practice, the speech where he told her she wasn’t tied down, where she could leave him behind like she always did, only this time he wouldn’t follow, if that’s what she wanted
“No, but your demeanor says it all” she replied, getting up gracefully, like a cat after a stretch, and plucking the case file from his fingers, flipping it open to skim through it
“I’m a doctor, you know…I know pregnancy…” He sighed as another message tone rung, his fingers already working their way back into his pocket to read it
John put down the book he’d been reading, standing up from the foot of the bed and straightening his cardigan and insuring all the buttons were properly in place
“You prevented a scene,” Sherlock said as she left the restroom, in her button up silk shirt and bottoms, towel drying her wet hair as the waves gradually became curlier
Instead Sherlock had merely glanced the man’s way after he had stumbled over something while leaning just a little too close to her for John’s comfort
“John, good, you’re home. Did you get the toaster? I’m having another craving. It seems the child wants jammed toast and onions” she wrinkled her nose slightly “I don’t suppose you’ve purchased whipped cream by any chance? With Vinegar crisps”
Of course, now John chose to be observant, by her side in a matter of seconds with a steady hand on her elbow
So I did not actually update yesterday, but we got home around 10pm and going through her candy, showering the infant, taking off the cosplay makeup, it was late and I didn't wanna actually bother with a computer
I'm also a leftie, that's what inspired this chapter. Even now I've been married 3 years and I still play with my ring every now and again because it has fallen off before so it's become a force of habit
“Bollocks!” John yelled, “You could’ve been killed! You’re not supposed to just run off without me!” he ranted on, picking up where he’d left off
I'm sorry for not updating, I recently had a baby and also I got married and also I got hit by a car (did I mention that before?) so like my life is hectic, but I'm gonna start writing again because my baby is 9 months now, I have more free time since she rather watch Kpop videos than hangout with her momma (my baby is half Korean so it's just her being exposed to one of the 3 languages she's gonna end up speaking since she's also half mexican and also living in america she's got Korean, English, and Spanish lined up for her)
She was in the same position. Things were moving fast, faster than her brain seemed capable of keeping up with, the sensations of his touch overwhelming her, and though she wasn’t the virgin everyone seemed to think she was, she never had an experience quite like what was happening, were a simple brush of skin on skin sent fire racing under her veins, gooseflesh over her body, and a kick in her heart
“Not what I meant, you brat” he said teasingly, “I meant a relationship. You know, boyfriend, girlfriend, whatever”
“I was so certain I could duplicate it!” She yelled for the third time, moving in quick, fast paces in front of her couch before dramatically dropping onto it, as if her bones became jelly and could no longer hold the weight of her massive intellect.
“I have always said that caring is not an advantage, merely sentiment found on the losing side, but it seems that Sherlock was not able to fully lock herself away from such emotions, and thus has found herself where she is now.”
“Despite your compact size, the sofa isn’t big enough to hold you. Should you sleep there your shoulder will be in pain the entire ride back to London”
“Sherlock” John sighed, pushing on one of her socked feet, to which she let out an annoyed sound and pushed back, kicking the palm of his hand
Rush of adrenaline and testosterone didn’t mix too well, and he saw Sherlock’s eyes widen in surprise as a look of pure horror etched his own features
She also wasn’t a fan of social events, anyone who had ever met her would know that much, it was rather obvious by her heavy sighs, her dramatics whenever a case made them attend any sort of gathering, avoiding other people like the plague when it came down to it, because people weren’t worth her time unless they had something to offer, the humans around her were dull, stupid creatures that she couldn’t be bothered with if not for some kind of reward, information, a case, a limb or two from the morgue.
“It’s…a difficult thing to understand, Sherlock” John said hesitantly, as if afraid of the turn the conversation was taking. Perhaps he should’ve seen it coming, broaching a sensitive
Of course, now was one of the only times he wished she didn’t feel like she claimed, because she wouldn’t have to suffer, to shoulder guilt that wasn’t even hers to claim
“Uh…Congrats Mate” Lestrade said with a vague gesture towards John, who seemed frozen in place, still staring at Sherlock, because, really, leave it to the consulting detective to announce such an important event with the same voice used to read out an ingredients label
It was her way of saying it, he knew for sure, and he couldn’t care less if in the next 30 years she still couldn’t speak them out loud, because those three little words hung at the end of sentences like these, were felt in every clinging grip and soft touch, heard in every breathy moan and half mumbled praises. The way she talked around it, but never actually said it, that was his proof, and it was all he truly needed. If she was never able to actually utter the simple phrase, he would be just fine with that, because he already knew what she was unable to say
The thought was cut short by the opening of the restroom door, and Sherlock smoothly slipped the test into the wrapping of a tampon, disposing of it in a nearby bin just in time to see Donovan coming in, looking flustered the second she saw Sherlock.
With his eyes squeezed tight, he could have sworn the world ended just then, lost in the white behind his lids and the blankness of his mind, a climax so intense it hit him in the gut and swept the breath right out of his lungs, and he panted, trembled, resting a sweaty brow to her lean shoulder in an attempt to collect himself
Her mind working over time to find a way to just FIX THIS, fix what they had, what they were before the test showed positive and threw them into parental responsibility she was clearly not ready for, nor ever would be
He was like his mother in a lot of ways, and around the age of 6 he had started experiencing headaches, telling them both that his mind was too loud and that the world was full of unnecessary noise and vividness. But while Sherlock had dealt with it all the way through schooling before turning to drugs at the young age of 19, she swallowed her pride to ask Mycroft to teach her son whatever technique he had used as a boy to silence his mind. Mycroft taught Junior without so much as a smirk or sign of smugness in his tone, something both John and Sherlock were grateful for. The end result being in their son, who still suffered from the occasional headache and fit of boredom, being able to narrow his focus down and concentrate on only one thing at a time, the centering giving him a way to use his gift without having to endure the burden of it during down periods
That night, with the murderer caught and the day done, John had just shrugged out of his coat, ready to sleep off the exhaustion of the day, when he found himself being pressed against the door the second it closed, his back smacking against the wood with a loud thud and his arms suddenly full of consulting detective
“Leave it, John” He heard Lestrade radio in from the earpiece, and he bit the inside of his lip, keeping himself from barking out a curse in response, something along the lines of ‘fuck off, that’s my wife’
I have a TKR coming up so for the most part I may start updating sooner than later, again I finished this story ages ago but I do need to go back and make slight edits since I wrote this fic 3 years ago and my style has changed a bit
“Who was that?” John asked with a yawn, lingering just outside the kitchen in a loosely tied dressing gown
“Wait…!” She broke apart with a gasp, her pupils blown so big there was barely any gray left to see, her cheeks and neck flushed beautifully pink and her breathing sending shock after shock straight to his groin
“Quite” she smiled, her fingers moving to his jaw, tracing and tilting his face towards hers with gentle pressure “though I find myself unable to contain the desire when I’m with you. It’s rather ridiculous the kind of libido I’ve developed, I almost feel sorry for everyone who has had to deal with it their entire adult life”
Of course he’d always been aware of her beauty, but, it seemed, this night, Sherlock was taking full advantage of her looks, bringing out each of her best features and emboldening them to the point it seemed unfair to every other woman on the planet that she even existed, having that appearance while never putting any effort in before, and the good doctor wondered how they were going to get through this ‘date’
She found herself doing this, every time a case ended within a few hours, trying to get home as soon as possible only to have John glance in her direction before ignoring her the rest of the day, the ‘silent treatment’ having gone on for over a month now was no stranger to her, and there was no way of John knowing she was rushing through the work, she was so desperate to do just to arrive at the flat early, to spend the rest of the day with a crying infant and his passive aggressive father
It wasn’t anything new, of course, he dealt with the same behavior before, only now she had a reason to make him drop everything and come to her. Taking full control of his time, his social life, and just his life in general, becoming the sun in which he revolved around
How anyone could cheat, lie, and betray Sherlock like that was beyond him, because they’d have to be a bloody idiot to not see her for the wonderful woman she is
He was so damn close! So close to a climax that didn’t involve his own hand, but it never seemed to be enough
Not for cases, family ties, appearance, or whatever other excuse people seemed to find. It was just affection. Plain and simple from the moment they became flatmates
“Marriage counseling” she practically hissed under her breath before returning her attention to the infant in her arms
She wore a mask of indifference as the soft kicking presumed, but she couldn’t stop the small smile that formed on the corners of her lips when John broke out into an astonished grin, like he’d never felt anything like it before, as if every time he felt it was for the first time, and he could never get tired of it
As she made her way out, sure enough Anderson was there, waiting for Sally to give the ‘all clear’ before heading in
“John…” she breathed as she buried her face in his neck, kissing the smooth skin with a hint of morning stubble there earnestly
Though it was a rather obvious lie, she still was grateful to the chain of events that lead to the two of them where they were, her in an uncomfortable dress and John practically glowing with happiness
His eyes snapped open in alarm, only to find his flatmate, fully clothed in one of her usual suits, straddling his waist, her arse only a few inches from his morning wood, looking as calm as ever as her eyes followed her fingers down his frame
“How’s your son?” Donovan’s voice cut off the detective’s train of thought, her glove hand running over the dust trail left on the window panel
It’s happened before, when their eyes locked in moments like this, each holding their breath, and for once, Sherlock didn’t seem to have all the answers, her mind blank of words, of deductions and reasons; she would just stared at him, with a look John, if he didn’t know any better, would call confusion. Like in that moment she didn’t know what to expect, what would happen, because the tension was so thick and the air was thinning, each knowing what a risk it would be to lean forward, but wondering if maybe, maybe it would be worth it to just feel each other’s breath on their skin, the promise of their lips, the taste of their tongues
His body was already pumping adrenaline, mind reeling with possibilities of who exactly had managed to sneak into the flat without raising either his or Sherlock’s attention, something no one had managed to do while they were both there
“I never would have guessed it, that she was that kind of woman,” Donovan continued, her arms crossed and leaning her weight on one hip
Granted, he never planned on sharing a flat with a woman, not one he wasn’t romantically involved with at least, but it would seem, even that would change with time
“Same thing he did with you. He offered him money in exchange for information on me. Though he wasn’t nearly as principled, he accepted, to which Mycroft made his detest very clear… I never heard from Victor again”
He supposed he shouldn’t be surprised with the kind of self-preservation she’d shown in the past but he still couldn’t believe her complete lack of care, her indifference towards her own safety
At some point he must’ve dozed off, because when he opened his eyes the lighting that greeted him was that of a dim evening, his eyes immediately landing on those of the consulting detective that was leaning over the side of the sofa, hands prompted on the edge of the cushion to support her, her curls veiling around her face like a halo of darkness, looking rather black in the low lighting
“Oh, this is good!” she replied, shoving the file back at the DI and heading towards her room to change
The swarm of doctors monitoring every little thing to ensure a safe birth, Sherlock’s cries of agony, the biting pain of her strong hand squeezing his, and the beeping of machines became a blur of worry and sweat, until finally, John heard what he swore was the most beautiful sound in the world
“As if they have any worth broken” she sighed, pressing her soles into the armrest, the skirt of her dress pushing up dangerously and revealing the boxer shorts she wore underneath (really, he HAD to start locking his pants drawer) “besides, they were the main cause of my discomfort. There is no logic in wearing shoes you can’t do daily activities in without breaking out into blisters”
“Oh, good, finally. I was contemplating waking you, but the nurse informed me repeatedly it was ill advised”
“Deduce” he rolled his eyes, running the pad of his thumb gently over her sole, feeling slight inflammation under his delicate touch
She jumped, jumped from the bridge after a the suicidal man that had killed his wife, her only intention on keeping him from getting off as easily as taking his own life, and dove right after him, under the waters and out of sight for almost an entire hour
“John, text me the test results as soon as they appear” Sherlock said, before turning on her heels and heading towards the door without another word
“Of course” he said, “Yeah I don’t want other guys flirting with you because you’re my wife, but I wouldn’t punch out any bloke that made a move on you, only the ones that crossed that line”
She rose on brow before smirking “Hmm, I wouldn’t have taken you for a man with a stocking fetish, John” She moved, placing on knee on his chair and moving to straddle his lap
“Better?” She smirked, staring at him through half lidded eyes as she repeated the motion, swirling him inside herself and searching for ah yes…perfect, she sighed, giving a half crazed smile which he responded to with a giggle
“Wait, where are you going? Sherlock? Sherlock!” John called after her, turning to see her rescinding figure as those seemingly endless legs carried her quickly through the hall, she kept going, ignoring him in favor of whatever was going on in that head of hers
“Hmm…” John hummed, rocking his son and keeping his eyes on the slowly resting face “You shouldn’t feel obligated, you know…just because I…I mean…I wouldn’t mind…I could handle it…”
“Of course not, it’s ridiculous, as if I have any need to appear taller as is” she responded with a shake of her head “I’m 6 feet tall, John, hardly in need of an extra three inches”
But Sherlock always broke the contact, and John, as usual, would follow her lead, dropping it and never bring the subject to life, just let it hang there awkwardly. Like an elephant in the room, both could read the situation but neither able to make sense of it.
“You’re…asking me… That’s not how it usually works” John cracked a small smile as her words slowly sunk in
John had gone through quite a bit of trouble to just do a simple gift giving like she’d done for him. He sent a text to the number that had magically found it’s way onto his mobile the day he met Sherlock, and was surprised by the immediate response
Funny how I make Donvon such a bad guy here and yet I've literally written Sherally smut before lmao
“I was already on my way home, there was no need” Sherlock replied, and bloody hell, was she blushing?
“It’s not…” he stopped, setting his jaw but remaining on the cusp of the kitchen, as if trying to give her the illusion of space “There’s nothing to be ashamed of…” he started, but her snort of laughter cut him off, sounding too bitter to be anything close to real
Consciously, Sherlock made a move to appear to be adjusting her scarf, and one pale finger pressed to the purple mark hidden there beneath, where John’s mouth had been the night before, grounding herself in that little piece of data, proof that John was completely satisfied
“It’s just Morning Sickness, it’ll pass” she huffed, standing tall once again and shoving her hands in her pockets, confident stance for someone who was turning a shade just darker than the body on the floor
“John invited you to this wedding out of courtesy, family rules and such, but seeing as you have yet to control your dependency” eyes running over her figure, “having had a few drinks every night for over the past two weeks, the only thing keeping you from alcohol today is the fear of the scent lingering on your person. Clean, neat, and proper, John would invite you in with open arms under the assumption you’ve sobered, as you intended, but would instantly be crushed to learn of your deception, something I would bring to his attention should you so much as think of lying about your sobriety.” She narrowed her eyes dangerously “Of course you’re his family, but that does not grant you the right to reenter his life as a destructive force. You will drag him down should you stay for more than the immediate ceremony.”
She met him back full force “Hmm, I rather don’t see the point if they’ll just end up on the floor again” she replied evenly, leaning casually against the frame with her arms crossed over her chest
“Will you ever tell me about it?” John asked, speaking after almost an entire day of silence, finally getting to whatever was weighing on his mind and she looked up from her microscope, cocking a brow and waiting for him to clarify.
He stared, wide eyed at Sherlock, who remained unmoving across the couch, fingers pressed together under her chin
John didn’t move, giving her completely control, deciding how hard, how fast, and if she chose to stop, he wouldn’t protest.
She bit her bottom lip, pinching the full red flesh between two perfectly white rows of teeth, and John’s eyes immediately dropped to them as planned
John looked down and realized the position they were in, along with the implications of such a thing could be
And he bit back a groan realizing it wasn’t even a challenge, his choice was decided the second Sherlock had walked into and took over his life
The sound of the steps being climbed was drowned out by the mix of laughter and the string of curses John threw around, their legitimate training dissolving quickly into a half assed wrestling match between the two, evenly matched, while John had much more experience, Sherlock’s cleverness and overall flexibility were working in her favor, and when the door of their flat was opened, they were rolling about, ending with John on top, pinning Sherlock’s wrists to the floor with a “Ha! Got you!”
John snorted, “Usually children get their father’s last names anyways, so seems like Mycroft will be the only one to pass it down”
Sometimes he wished that Sherlock would actually express interest in men, women, anyone (other than fugitives of the British government or madmen with bombs) so that she could finally find someone, as irrational as that was, then he could easy and squash the little glimmer of unlabeled emotions that bubbled up whenever someone would mention what a cute couple they were
“Because” He breathed again, his eyes moving down her figure without shame, though it wasn’t lustful, but loving “You’re beautiful” he caressed her cheek, his smile soft and shy “And you’re my wife, now”
“I’ve learned to ignore what wasn’t important, take in what was, and focus my attention on cases and further development of my mind palace. You have also proven to be a rather effective distraction” she gave a half smirk, and he laughed softly, muttering “Thanks” under his breath
He had gone out on a date for his birthday, the flavor of the month girlfriend taking him out to dinner with a couple of her friends, so he got ready like he always would, shower and shave, not hearing a word about the date from Sherlock, though by the fact she’d stolen his birth certificate at some point she knew what day it was on, but either she couldn’t be bothered to say anything, or was so lost in their case slump to care for what day it was
“Sherlock!” A woman called from the seemingly endless table “How long did you plan to make us wait?”
“It would seem Lestrade and his wife are officially divorced” Sherlock deduced as she lazily swept her eyes over the DI’s desk “his character traits and personality compliment yours well”
“The human heart is a fragile thing…” Mycroft went on to say, his gaze piercing into John’s soul and if he were less of a man, he would have cowered away from its intensity “Easily swayed…”
“Quite. I always say people see but not observe, but it’s a rather nasty experience to be able to do nothing BUT observe. Insufficient as they were, I was unable to ignore the clues of every passing stranger, and when I locked myself away I felt my mind begin to rot. Cocaine fixed that. Stimulating my mind yet silencing all the useless information trying to make itself known” she sighed again, before rolling up her sleeves to show him her scars, and his delicate touch left her hair to traced up and down the track marks, oh so softly, like he was afraid he’d open the old wounds
“Has there been any word from Mycroft?” she asked after a few moments of silence, and John blinked a few times as if coming out from a daze
“Mycroft has hired a Wedding Planner who will contact us via text should she need any information, which is unlikely seeing as my brother will be providing it” she adjusted her scarf “Really, John, our first case together in over half a year and this is all you have to talk about?”
Everyone had been affected, Sally turning around and burying her tear filling eyes in Lestrade’s shoulder, whose face had pulled into a mask of anger and remorse.
He joined her, because why the hell not? Curiosity getting the best of him, he shut his eyes and tried to imagine the inside of his head, only to be greeted with Baker St behind his closed lids
She simply lifted her hips, allowing the fabric to come off and hang loosely on one ankle, the stubble on his chin tickling the inside of her thigh with a kiss, two, moving just slightly higher each time his lips met her sensitive skin
Sorry it's so short, I'll try to update again sooner rather than later, but I've been kinda busy running my online stores and shit to raise money since I'm gonna be moving soon (by soon I mean a year but never to early to start saving)
When she arrived at Baker St, she began unbuttoning her top, not bothering to announce her presences to someone who seemed indifferent to it
She shifted slightly to better adjust their positions, and went back to her thoughts, though John noted, with relief, that there was the slightest smile that appeared almost shyly on the corner of her lips
“It’s hardly my fault that your dating life interferes with the Work, and I was under the impression you didn’t want me working cases alone after the jewel thief incident”
“You’re heterosexual, but once your sister came out you became curious, along with being at war with almost strictly men, you experimented only to not find it to your liking. You prefer to be in a relationship before engaging others in intercourse but you’re no stranger to one-night stands. Your experience with pregnancy scares, along with being a doctor, makes you a fan of condoms, and as a result you have no current STD’s and plan to keep it that way, I assume?” she spoke with her usual rush “Should I continue or would you like to ask your questions now?”
“We thought we’d visit” John grinned, taking the infant in his arms’ hand to wave a limp wrist in her direction
That hope was quickly squashed, however, when he opened the door, and there she lay, across the sofa she was so fond of, one long leg crossed over the other, sporting a powdered blue tank top and pajama bottoms that were clearly made from women closer to 5’5” and not 6 ft. Her dressing gown sprawled out on the floor by her feet; fingertips pressed together under her chin.
“Thanks” he said, gathering the blanket and approaching the bed, though his eyes adjusted he still steadied his hands on the bed railing to keep from toppling onto the mattress too quickly
The good doctor took a few seconds to regain basic bodily functions such as breathing, sucking air greedily into his lungs, before following after her tall figure dumbly without sparing the surrounding shock so much as a passing glance
This was dangerous, unknown land he was wondering with Sherlock, and, like always, he’d follow her anywhere
It was clear from his expression that it was something important to him, and she sighed before giving a “Very well”
“Yes, but they proved to be rather useless our last case, the results of being held captive could …”
“In all likelihood I will not be sleeping tonight” she said “if you’re that against the idea of us sharing a bed then I’ll take the couch”
It was like she wasn’t there, her mind far off and unaware of her surroundings, the glazed over eyes and emotionless expression torn his heart into little pieces
“John and I are to be wed, date pending, should you matter at all you’ll receive further details via email” She said with a tone of complete indifference, turning back towards John, who was turning a soft shade of pink, and rolling her eyes “There, now they know”
“John, of course” Sherlock sighed heavily, tucking unruly curls behind her ear, before turning back to Lestrade before anyone had a chance to react “I assume you’ll be able to take it from here?” without waiting for a reply, she turned on her heels, strutting off towards the main road to hail a cab “Come, John! I have experiments waiting back home!” She called over her shoulder
The loud ‘Thud!’ of the ‘murder’ weapon hitting the floor made him flinch slightly, which Sherlock didn’t seem to notice
It's short, so apologies, but we've officially hit the place where Parent!Lock will become a thing, so if you're no interested in that, or if pregnancy gives you the heebyjeebies, I advice you stop reading from here on out
“I have to admit he’s cute” Donovan said, before pulling a ridiculous face that junior found hilarious as he extending chubby hands towards her
“Married to her work.” He repeated,  “Sherlock said that when we first met, still seems like the case”
“Hmm, it’s entirely up to you whether or not you take my advice, but Gray” shove from John’s elbow “Greg” she corrected with a roll of her eyes “may be a suitable match should you want to start a family”
Imagine his surprise when the doors of Bart’s swung open to reveal a woman, a few years his junior, with curly brown black hair reaching down to her chest in a waterfall of natural spirals and eyes that seemed hell bent on being every color available
Sherlock didn’t reply to his last comment, and breathing out a shaky sigh, he contemplated just dropping the subject, it would certainly be easier
The frantic removal of his pants ended when she felt him pressing, hot and heavy against her, hesitant as if asking permission one last time. When her only response was nails dipping into the strong expand of his back, he pushed in, causing her lips to part and a huffed moan to escape as neglected muscles stretched to accommodate his length
The steady beeping monitor of the machine next to him helped him maintain his calm, and taking a deep breath, he took in his surroundings
“And that did what, soil me?” she asked with a huff, gripping the edge of her tank top to fling it off, before hunching over to unzip the sides of her boots
This was John, looking up at her with deeply focused eyes, yet his mouth ajar and panting and a look of awe running its way on every line of his face, like she was the most amazing thing on Earth, like she was beyond understanding but still so deserving of praise, like she was something to hold and treasure and admire no matter what
His arms went around her back, holding her up for support as he walked blindly, lead only by Sherlock’s huffed sense of direction ‘left, chair, doorway’, each coming out sounding sexier than they should with her breathy moans whenever John sucked a specific spot on her neck
Sherlock traded her suit for a loose fit vest top with the UK flag faded on it, tiny black leather short shorts, and fishnet tights with boots that he swore she stole from a stripper, reaching up to her knees, making her look like she was in her mind 20s instead of thirties, crazy curly hair straightened into grungy waves of black, eyeliner smeared under her eyes and a fake nose ring shinnying on her nostril
She gave a dramatic sigh, before entering the victim’s home, her head held high, and instantly, as always, all eyes fell to her, and it was as if she had never left
She sighed, her hands moving to trace his stomach and he instantly regretted every order of takeaway, flexing the muscles under her touch to seem a little less pudgy
He wondered vaguely what her initial hesitance stemmed from, and the idea of some form of self-consciousness came to mind, though coming from Sherlock it didn’t seem probable.
He snorted a laugh, though it quickly died when he saw no humor in her expression “You’re…. You’re serious? Of all the bloody…Sherlock, no” he shook his head, as if he couldn’t believe her
“Dinner is ready” Mycroft actually knocked before entering the room, something surprising to John, and the older Holmes eyes darted between Sherlock and John as if expecting to see them in a more compromising position than the one they were in
“At least now you won’t be pestered by your family, right?” John gave her a weak smile as they followed Mycroft down the hall “That’s got to be worth this whole trip”
She’d go on cases, John stubbornly refusing to join her, taking time off the surgery to spend every waking moment with his son within arms reach, even going as far as placing a baby monitor in a plastic bag to hang in the shower
He was hesitant and gentle and that just wasn’t going to work for her, so firmly planting her foot on the mattress, and pushing, she flipped their positions so she landed on top, the quick movement ending in a gasp from him
He stared at her for a few seconds, wondering why he let her bully her way into every part of his life
She could never offer him normal, she could never become a homemaker, cooking, cleaning, and raising a child while John worked at the surgery and came home tired and blissful.
She startled, like she hadn’t realized she had spoken out loud, her face flushing with embarrassment as she dropped her clipboard
“I can’t keep feeding you junk food, Sherlock…” John sighed, heading towards the kitchen to drop off the bags
“Don’t be silly John. Of course if I were to marry anyone, it’d be you. Can you honestly see me with anyone else?”
“I know how much of a fan you are of cheaper product but try not to butcher the fabric while washing it, it holds more worth than all your other cardigans combined.”
“It’s not going to disappear” she said, her accusing tone causing him to raise an questioning eyebrow at her, stopping his left thumb from twirling the ring while it rested on his armrest, his right hand lowering the book in it loosely to his lap
John was waiting as well, leaned back against the wall and idly playing with his knit jumper, before looking up and giving her a grin
“Come, then, John” his flatmate said, leaning her slim body against his door frame, one perfect brow raised in annoyance and expectancy
She clawed wood of the door behind her at the unusual violence of his thrusts, uneven and almost animalistic as he grunted into her neck and covered her mouth with his hand, keeping her from saying anything at all, his other leaving her leg to fist into her hair, not pulling, but controlling all the same
Fingers curling around brown locks, sanity slipping away with every hallow of her cheeks, he lost his ability to think, to breathe, to do anything besides stammer out her name in warning a tug every so gently on those soft curls
If the time did come, he planned to leave 221B Baker St, because with all it could offer, the promise of forever was not part of it, but until the day came, he would live his life at Sherlock’s side, giving up on anything that may call him away
She pulled away with a gasp, and his teeth sunk into her neck, cruelly biting were he’d only kissed tenderly before
“Dr. Watson is a forgiving man, Sherlock, but it would not be wise to test his limits.” And with that, the smug bastard left, leaving her frustrated and confused. Having to go over her decision once again and factoring in the new variable, exactly has he planned his visit to go, no doubt.
So she shifted, swinging legs off the couch, leaning her head on his shoulder and touching a finger to their baby’s closed fist
“Obviously” she rolled her eyes, before narrowing her attention to the collection of dust on her fingers
“He did. Though switched to the piano out of humiliation, more fitting for him anyways, seeing as it’s more common for the musician to remain seated during the entire performance”
He peeked an eye open, looking at her surprisingly peaceful face, and if it weren’t for the fact it was Sherlock lying there, he would’ve assumed she was asleep
“Perhaps I should thank you” she said after a few seconds, the twitch of a smile on the edge of her lips “Though I don’t believe Lestrade will see it as an appropriate reason to start a fight and ruin a case”
John opened his mouth, before closing it again; pursing his lips in thought “I’m…not really sure, actually. Maybe”
He shrugged off his jacket, feeling the shirt underneath sticking to his body in the summer heat, and physical toll running around London was taking. Sweat and aches in his muscles told the tale of this case, physically demanding and twice the high
“You’re pregnant…?” John’s voice broke softly when she didn’t clarify, and it was his time to sway in his step, nearly falling over if Lestrade hadn’t caught him in time with a solid hand between his shoulder blades, his legs suddenly turned to jelly under him
He was so mad he swore he could see red, visibly trembling and just waiting to burst at his seems, unravel all of his self control and blowing up at the consulting detective
“I also have a husband” Sherlock pointed out, smirking just slightly at John’s blush. They’d done just a bout everything in the bedroom imaginable, had a child, and been parents together, yet the title still seemed to fluster him
But then some guy, someone who didn’t matter at all to the case, went on the hunt, his vision tunneling in on Sherlock from where she was, and he approached, without any shame, his pasty fingers gripping her hips like he had every right to, and brought his crotch to grind against her back
As a baby, it was a little less noticeable. The child could have been anyone’s, to be frank, not that John ever suspected Sherlock of anything
She paused, halfway done taking off her shorts, and they hung loosely around her calves for a few seconds “You were defending my wishes…”
“You ripping my clothes off in a darkened swimming pool, people might talk” he joked, an attempt to easy her obvious nerves
The war had drained him, both mentally and physically. Leaving him the whisper of the man he once was. No more casual smiles, no more running, fooling around, joking, and laughing. Forced happiness and sleepless nights, that’s what he had become, what he was afraid he’d always be
Mycroft stared idly her direction; his face completely expressionless, though John picked up on even more tension in his shoulders than regular, his stance too stiff and a look in his eyes that he hadn’t seen before
His thrusts were deep, and she looked up at him with half lidded eyes, watching his face twist with pleasure as he drove in and out, his hips trembling every so often as he held himself back, trying to keep from slamming into her like he normally would
Sherlock’s eyebrow went up, but she didn’t say anything, and for that, John breathed out a sigh of thanks
“Hmm, even in a hypothetical situation where we were to wed, I highly doubt I’d so easily agree to changing my name. Holmes is a trademark”
She had mentioned it in passing when introducing herself; but for the first two months he hadn’t actually seen her so much as pick up the instrument, allowing him to completely forget she mentioned it, the flat remaining relatively quiet those days
Donovan shook her head, but even John could see the wheels turning it her mind as she handed back Junior
“Please” Sherlock rolled her eyes, more of habit than actual annoyance. “It is a simple string of break ins, no weapons, no danger. There are limits to what I would allow my son to be exposed to”
“Have you ever had this” John asked, his fingers moving up and down her bare shoulder and side lazily, tracing her lean curves over and over
Sally shook her head one more time, like she still couldn’t believe the family of Baker St before getting her radio and speaking into it, “Holmes is here, bringing her in”, having dropped ‘freak’ around the same time as Sally’s deodorant became similar to that of a certain DI
“Sh-Sherlock!” he groaned, his hands gripping her hips tight as he pressed her down against him, bringing her as close as possible as pulse after pulse of his release hit him
Fumbling, he did what she commanded, leaving him in just boxers, tented at the front, his arousal hot and heavy, and God he’d kill to have her touch him with those endless fingers of hers
“It will help keep the liquid from pooling under your skin, and stop the swelling” he said calmly, his fingers working soft circles from her heels up “You’re lucky the blisters aren’t actually on the soles of your feet, but I can clean and wrap them when I’m done”
But, it was never like this. Normally she was dressed as usual, trench coat over a flattering suit, but John couldn’t ignore the figure hugging dress she was currently in. Its pitch-black color matching well with the smooth expands of her pale body, making her look ghostly white, flawless, untouchable, a statue carved of marble; an angel among humans. The thin strapped, sweetheart neck line dipped low, drawing eyes there as intended, and whatever she was wearing underneath held her chest up in the most flattering of ways, a teasing show of skin John unconsciously licked his lip to. The silky fabric continued downwards to her mid thigh, short, which was both flattering, as well as practical, John noticed, in case this ended with a chase. Even as ridiculously tall as she was, she didn’t hold back on shoes, strapped silver heels reaching around 3 inches high, and when he stood to greet her, he had to tilt his head up just to meet her eyes
“Clothing like his is hardly practical, John. I would never wear it were it not for the circumstances”
“You don’t just tolerate me. You actually enjoy my company and not for anything in return. You follow me into danger wherever it may be, and you never once doubted my abilities, nor wished I were a different person.”
How was it that this was one of those rare moments that crawled under her skin and dug into her nerves?
The sudden movement didn’t seem to sit well with her, however, and a wave of nausea hit her unexpectedly, causing her body to sway lightly, and she clamped her lips shut at the taste of bile rising up in her throat
She leaned back in her chair, but her eyes didn’t come to meet his as they normally would, instead, she stayed quite, long enough that he shifted from foot to foot in uncomfortable silence
She continued looking at him, staring, like she could will the answer to her unasked question by her gaze alone
Standing as tall as he could, he shook his head with a sense of finality and turned towards Lestrade “I’ll be heading back. Can you send over copies of the files? I’m going to go pick up some things at the market for Sherlock” and with that he left, going down the stairs of the victims flat and slamming the door at the bottom hard enough to echo
“That….” John spoke, breathing heavily and resting his hands on his knees, trying to catch his breath, though his efforts fruitless for the first few huffs “Was… by far…the craziest case…we’ve ever worked…” he finished, standing up straighter and slumping back against the wall, his body unable to keep up the slight tremble of exhaustion that rode through him, craving its way into his tired bones but leaving such a delicious thumping in its wake
John opened his mouth to respond, but decided better of it, simply retrieved his laptop from the kitchen table and retreated up the stairs towards his room
“Shh” John held a finger to his lips, a quiet chuckle bubbling out of his chest, and Sherlock smiled, climbing up the steps two at a time
He put on the kettle to boil, removing the new toaster from the shopping bag and putting bread inside
“Sherlock?” John’s strong hands pulled back her hair, keeping it from soiling should she need to vomit again, his fingers brushing over her cheeks to check for a possible fever, alarm woven in his touch
“You’re bloody right I’m angry” he responded, his tone so harsh it cut the air and he almost flinched at the ice in his own words
“I…could watch after him…whenever you have cases, dearies.” Ms. Hudson tried, giving an awkward attempt at a comforting smile
“What’s her problem with you? I know you’re not the easiest person to get on with…but there is a limit”
“No, John, it is not alright.” She frowned, plopping down onto her chair and crossing her long legs, torn fishnet ripping further up her legs as she reached into her loose tank top, her bra, and removed her wedding ring, slipping it back onto her finger
John looked back, having already gone off in his own thoughts on what else was needed to maintain Sherlock’s healthy diet, a shopping list halfway made in his mind
She paused, her eyes taking on a far away look she got whenever she was thinking, going through different responses and their possible outcomes
But, she knew, deep down, John was always the one that brought out the most unexpected reactions from her, her mind, her body, her
For a few glorious seconds, he looked completely at a loss for words, such a rare sight, before closing his half open mouth, turning on his heels, and quickly descending down the stairs
As if reading his thoughts, she shook her head, standing up straight and wiping her mouth with the back of her hand “No time” she said evenly, her voice only slightly hoarse from their previous activities “The lab results should be back by now”
“Mucus, honestly, John, one shouldn't feel obligated to wear clothing in one's own home; I only dressed to maintain boundaries”
“My cousin’s are hardly the most appropriate people, prone to gossip, they’d rather speak of others lives than their own”
“It was the mistress who he hired on as a maid” Sherlock interrupted, completely ignoring Sally “The build up of dust here suggests their affair stayed inclusively in this office, an argument surrounding his marriage broke out, resulting in his death. Though, it would appear” she bent down, sweeping her gaze over his body once more “it was self defense, the gun a weapon of opportunity, unregistered, but his. He came at her, she struggled with this drawer,” she pointed at the desk drawer, the slight scuff marks from frantic fingernails craved into the wood “pulled the gun free and shot him twice”
“You’re curious about something, I can hear you thinking” She sighed when no response came “Ask so I can get back to work”
“So, you never do that, then. Wear heels, I mean,” he asked casually, ignoring the quiet moan she let out when he put pressure on the arch
Even after the ridiculous tradition of sealing the contract with a kiss and erupting applause from the crowd and a rather deep blush from John, it still wasn’t over
“Did Halloween come early this year?” Anderson smirked, his eyes roaming up and down Sherlock’s figure, taking in the sudden change in her usual attire
“We need a…” He cleared his throat, because that squeak in his voice was not flattering his pride, and tried again “condom”
What other choice did she have? Drugs to offer relief for an instant as the needle dug into her flesh and the release pumped through her veins? So short lived and so destructive, yet besides the work, it was the only thing she could do to just STOP
Hesitantly, he placed his hand there, running rough fingers through the softest of hair, untangling and combing as he went
Sherlock, it seemed, was catching up on years of neglected sleep, the process as exhausting as it was seemed to completely drain her of energy, leaving John to rock the newborn in his arms softly and gently, a soft repetitive hum of a song that his mother used to sing was gently lulling the baby to sleep
“It’s rewarding” He smiled, leaning forward so his jumper clad elbows rested on the table between them
She blinked a few times, processing the information and discovering it fit perfectly with all the signs
“Keep trying different things and I’ll let you know” he grinned, before she bent forward and stole it from his lips
Every time she arrived back at the flat from work, he felt a ping of happiness, like she was returning to him and their family, a sort of domestic bliss, only to be squashed down by the guilt of allowing himself such a childish fantasy
She furrowed her brows, surprised by that. The only people who had asked her about her history were Mycroft and Lestrade, both wanting to know what laws she’d broken and who she’d purchased from, but never what drove her there in the first place. Perhaps Mycroft already knew, but it never occurred to her someone would care enough to ask
As if on cue, she heard the stairs creek in protest of her brother’s arrival, and she left her room with a vague mumble of ‘tea’ to John before greeting her brother at the doorway into the flat
“Yeah, sure. Listen, I need your help” Lestrade said, obviously not believing a word but too busy to follow up on it
“I’m not her toy.” His voice was the same volume but harsher than he intended, and the area around them grew quiet at the sudden change in tension
The command, like any other she tossed his way, was immediately obeyed, and he pulled a fraction out, his hands gripping her waist trying to center himself to the world around him, to not lose control and finish right then and there like a bloody teenager
Sherlock lied down, propping herself on her elbow, her head in her hand “During family dinners, I’m to observe but not give voice. Every one of my family’s supposed ‘secrets’, Mycroft and I know them all, but pretending we don’t is part of playing the role” she sighed, rolling onto her back “It was much worse than I imagined. Had I known, I would have simply come alone again this year.”
Even in her late 40’s, she still worked at the Yard, wore her favorite coat and her perfectly tailored suits. She’d be cruel to anyone she found annoying and she’d still dismiss clients with a flick of her wrist and a single muttered ‘dull’, but yet, she was still so very different than the woman he moved in with 13 years ago, from the woman that got pregnant 11 years ago, to the woman he married 10 years ago.
“Yes. He claimed to have found the proof confirming that the Mona Lisa portrait has indeed been partly based on another portrait. The one of Leonardo’s favourite apprentice, rumoured to have been his lover as well.”
She shrugged – a gesture which always drew men’s eyes to her pale, flawless skin as well as her cleavage, which she always took care to highlight in a subtle way.
It was a silly thought – especially since John Watson was still living here. The good doctor would be unable to conceal such a fact.
Meals late at night in John's flat, looking at each other in the eye, both enjoying the unsaid and unresolved tension between them.
Sherlock spluttered in his drink, nearly choking on his last gulp of coffee. Mycroft observed him in silence, letting out a slight sigh before perching himself on a nearby stool.
My Muse has taken a shine to this story... and who am I to resist her? Enjoy and thanks again for the support, much appreciated!
“When you’ll finish ogling Tall Guy over there,” Mike said with an amused grin “you’ll tell me what I should do.”
. He entertained himself for a while trying to discern a sign, a clue which would reveal enough about their owners and he would deduce the rest. But it was getting too dark and thanks to the lights around the Honeybee’s bar, it was simply too tempting to glance at John’s reflection in the window.
When she has started to get to know Sherlock, she has believed her to be asexual. Or at least someone who didn’t feel desire or have sexual urges in the way most people do.
[You do realise you have made me waste my time? I was obliged to phone Lestrade. And you still haven’t apologised. Therefore I expect an appropriate compensation in the immediate future. Consider yourself warned. SH]
Jane was rendered speechless before letting out a cry of rage and striding away. Ignoring the stunned silence his reply has created, Will turned to Mike.
Another man would already have gone into a huff, bristling at Mycroft’s choice of words and taking flight, thus behaving exactly like Mycroft has wanted him to.
A bold statement which made John smile, before he became lost in an extremely detailed analysis of the various brands of tobacco ash.
“In the end, he cottoned on to the whole thing a bit quicker than I expected him to do. He tried to jump me before running away, but Lestrade tackled him from behind. And I took the opportunity to make sure he would stay put.”
He knew of course – and Mycroft must know them as well – the many names, often derisive, which have been attached to the man seated in front of him.
But he had to acknowledge it was becoming more and more difficult to keep a clear head around Sherlock.
“Hush. My turn to speak. You’ve been honest with me, I’ll gladly do the same if you don’t mind,” he softly said, a teasing smile quirking up his lips.
John fought the temptation to lick his lips and let his appreciation show on his face. Besides, Sherlock’s current expression didn’t lead him to believe that flirting would be welcome right now.
He hastened to sit down in the nearest chair, refusing to listen to the little voice whispering in his ear he better take flight before he completely humiliated himself.
You remained aloof from all your peers, cloaking yourself in the superiority you were feeling over anyone crossing your path. They didn’t know, you thought on the very few occasions you were burdened by loneliness, observing the others from afar, they didn’t know how fast they would stop laughing and smiling at their loved ones if they only knew what the other was really thinking.
He would at least get one silver lining from this whole disaster – Gregory would stop being Gregory, the nice, charming policeman, with a heart of gold and a teasing smile. He would become Lestrade, an useful tool among a thousand others to prod in the right direction when it would be required.
It was a rhetorical question – John didn’t see what else Sherlock could have got worried about – but something in him
“Would actually be nicer if you all weren’t always at one another’s throats!” Lestrade retorted. “You know, closing such a case is the perfect opportunity to celebrate at the nearest pub…”
“Shhh. (Greg pulled back a little, looking up at this ravishing Mycroft.) Shouldn’t wake the neighbours.”
She was quite as tall as him and the way she carefully pronounced the words suggested it has been some time since she has had the opportunity to speak English. However, it was obvious she has received a sound education abroad – she might have got into Oxford. It would explain the connection between her and Mycroft, at any rate.
It was completely intoxicating. John groaned with arousal. It was difficult to see in the half-light of the cab, but it seemed to him that Sherlock’s pupils were dilating further.
So, Mister Curls was this man’s sibling. John suddenly felt a stab of pity for the poor bastard. Growing up in this man’s shadow has surely not been a piece of cake.
Both Sherlock and her, when examining the case, agreed that their man, now he has cut his teeth on online abuse, would set his sights higher.
It’s really not a wonder then that growing up, you decided friendships – or any kind of relationships, really – just weren’t worth the time and energy.
If you could see me now, I’ve no doubt you’ll be frowning before telling me once again that it’s over, that you forgave me, that’s it’s all right between us.
Of course, there were rumours and of course, they mostly talked about a torrid, behind-closed-doors affair going on between both of them.
“I mean texting people. Well, technically, it’s not true, I text Lestrade and Molly, but that’s not the same and…”
Strong fingers gently gripping her chin left her speechless. She looked up. Sherlock’s blue-green gaze held her prisoner. There was no trace of amusement in her voice when she asked
He smothered a sigh. He knew Lestrade didn’t mean any harm, trying to take his mind off his loneliness and the grief he still felt.
“… how I knew you were in the army, I heard you the first time. Let’s begin with your tanned face or the way you are standing up straight, hands behind your back, an obvious military habit…”
“Hush, let me finish. I was saying it might be the opportunity to sort yourself out.” Greg’s tone lost its teasing quality. “You know, prepare the ground, make him notice you’ve stopped dating and give him a subtle hint…”
John stared at his phone, torn between the desire to join Sherlock wherever he might be in his own Wonderland and the need to send a message to Greg, trying to alleviate the pain he was quite sure the DI was in.
Million pounds question, that one. He absentmindedly drew invisible circles with the tip of his left forefinger on the wooden counter. Two months and Sherlock’s clear gaze still haunted him. Creeping into his mind when John least expected it, dancing in front of his gaze when he was revising for his exams and – worst of all – imposing itself whenever John was being chatted up at Bart’s, a silent, all too clear reminder that he has business unfinished with Mister Curls. It drove him to distraction, leaving him silent and lost in thoughts even when he was with his friends, attracting their attention “What’s up, Johnny?” “Don’t tell me you’re brooding again!”
How Harry has held his hand tight in hers, silently asking for his support, for him to come forward and to say “Me too” as she was stuttering along in front of their parents, their stares focused on both of them.
“Sorry, didn’t realize you were miles away! (He pointed John’s empty glass out.) Just wanted to know if you were up for another round…”
He – or was it a she? He couldn’t be sure – finally entered his field of vision. John screwed up his tired eyes, trying to commit to memory every detail, from the height of the stranger – around six feet – to his clothes – jeans and hoodie – and his gait. It was this characteristic which puzzled John. The intruder didn’t try to be especially stealthy. On the contrary he was strolling around as if the garden belonged to him, stopping here and there to examine a plant or something else. John frowned. He couldn’t imagine someone belonging to Moriarty’s network, whether a spy or a mercenary, behaving in such a way. It simply didn’t add up.
She didn’t even bother restraining herself from smiling goofily at this and John felt a prickle of jealousy faced with his sister’s obvious happiness.
Without any warning, Sherlock put her hand on hers, her nimble fingers squeezing and stroking the satiny skin, picking up the instinctive rhythm when Joan, who was shivering with want, was unable to keep up any longer.
But it was all worth it, Mycroft instantly deduced, as he saw his brother’s dazzling smile and the shiny, silver new ring on his finger.
Because there was a thin line between wishing to protect someone and intruding on her privacy, removing her free will out of the equation under the pretext of keeping her safe.
“They’re as perfect as you are,” Sherlock whispered in her ear before lowering her head and kissing the other breast. She opened her mouth, tonguing the areola until it was wet with saliva.
No. What completely mesmerised him was the sight of John, drinking at the bar and laughing with his friends.
Reaching the row of mailboxes, the dark wood glistening after the last shower, he found straight away what has aroused the curiosity of the community garden’s team.
He carefully ignored the counter arguments his treacherous heart was coming out with and washed his glass before putting it again in the cupboard.
He straightened up, slowly walking to John until they were nearly touching. John swallowed with an audible gulp, getting himself lost in the pale gaze focused on him. Sherlock’s behaviour seemed to promise casual intimacy, bordering on seduction, but it was belied by the inquisitive look in his eyes.
His heart gave a painful lurch when he thought that tomorrow, at this hour, people would be laughing, dancing in the streets and kissing their loved ones while wishing them a Happy New Year.
Irene became aware that her voice was sharper as intended. Her self-control was slipping and her frustration with both the case and Molly’s unexpected appearance was getting the better of her. Her companion must have felt this because she nodded and sat down with a quiet “Sorry”. Irene fought the temptation to tell her to stop apologizing, replying instead “Thank you.”
Mrs Hudson. The 221A. The chair’s back under his fingers – and when exactly has he started to lean on it, as if he needed a material support, something real to keep himself from drifting away in the past?
His hand was now a blur on John’s cock. Pleasure was stifling him, but John resisted, he didn’t want to go under now. Not when the words were already rolling on his tongue.
“I know. I know what you mean and I promise we’re going to talk about that soon. Especially that now we…”
It was a well-rehearsed argument between them – Ross trying to convince to try something new while Sherlock persisted in holding in to his habits.
Both of them strolled away, a peaceful silence growing between them. It was really a nice place, John thought, observing the still blooming shrubs and bushes. He was reminded of Mrs Hudson’s words when she has talked about the garden “It helps me clearing my head, you know. I find it quite relaxing, to be honest.” She was completely right. Maybe he could take a leaf out of her book and see if it also worked for him. After all, he got nothing to lose.
Sherlock took a step forward, taking care not to spook John. But he had to get closer, he couldn’t stay away, not with all he knew right now.
And the desire which was never far from Sherlock’s thoughts when John stood by his side, laughing and smiling so openly as he was wont to do, roared once again in his heart, suffusing his whole body with the desire to touch and to own this amazing man. Their gazes locked in a scorching embrace, electric tension crackling between them. All trace of amusement fled John’s face as he hungrily looked at him.
I guess I’ve never told you that (among many, many other things) but the memory of the circumstances under which I’ve first encountered Mike, for instance, does not remain with me.
“Look at the ladies!” he not so softly whispered to his friend. “Got my eye on this blond chick near the bar… You think I’m allowed to chat her up a bit before the whole thing starts?”
At first glance, John thought that a war has been waged inside against an invisible enemy. It was completely messy – the floor littered with crumpled papers and wrinkled clothes, dust laying thick on empty shelves and window sills, windows grimy with fingerprints and London’s pollution.
“I may be a right wanker as you so crudely put it,” Sherlock broke in, accentuating the sibilant sounds in his indignation, “but I’m not the one playing with other people’s feelings.”
I can hear your voice in my ear, smell your warm breath on my skin. Feel the imprint of your hand on the nape of my neck.
That one made John smile, unlike the one received the day before – [I know everyone around me is an idiot, but Anderson really takes the cake! SH].
Suddenly the hips below his fingers were not round and soft anymore, turning to hard, skinny ridges.
Oh god. He was a complete mess. He glanced up hopelessly at the bartender who was remaining silent, an eyebrow raised. His expression was stern, but not totally devoid of sympathy. He finally sighed.
“What are you trying to do here, Sherlock? What are you waiting for? That Chance will drop everything your heart desires in your lap, including your little student?”
One look at Sherlock’s faintly flushed cheeks – that shower must be working after all – and John knew he was unable to face him.
Sherlock’s first impulse was to reply something sarcastic and sharp enough to rebuff the little man who dared to challenge his methods of investigation. But he forced himself to consider his unexpected companion, who has declared him “Brilliant” when others would have insulted him. His struggle to keep his indifferent, slightly amused front was etched into every line of his face. Deep down in his blue eyes, the spark of interest – and not a carnal one this time, although it was never far from John’s thoughts as far as Sherlock was concerned – the thrill of danger was shining.
He has tried to be as gentle as possible with this awful reminder, but it didn’t stop Mycroft from flushing crimson. He looked down at his hands folded in his lap.
“We’ve found a nice single-room flat not far from here and since I was around, I thought “Hey, why not coming round and seeing my little bro?” and here I am!”
From their hotel, it was easy to reach Amboise’s historical centre – barely a 15-minute walk. As they were walking side by side on the bridge stepping across the Loire river, John heard tourists admiring the truly amazing view with the old castle towering above the city. Most of them were taking pictures, looking for the best point of view from which they could catch Amboise’s quite riveting sights.
“Caring is not an advantage,” Mycroft has whispered in your ear, one day. He has just come back from the uni, you were still a child. At this time, you didn’t know the exact circumstances, you merely deduced your brother’s feelings have been grievously hurt.
Before turning her back on his associate, she saw Sherlock doing the same with his love interest, whispering a few words in the soldier’s ear.
He hasn’t yet decided and now he was afraid that this disastrous situation would cheat him out of this choice.
He has never believed it could happen to him either – and in the sultry atmosphere of a gay club to boot. He swallowed hard, completely unable to look away from Sherlock.
He sometimes lent a hand for harder work, helping those who couldn’t lift up a barrowful of earth or when the wooden compost bin must be cleaned out.
She was about to reach for him and drag him along with her, whether he wanted it or not, when she heard behind her
He took a first gulp of whatever was still in his glass, enjoying the burn it left in his throat, while watching Bes’ still smiling face.
Mycroft rolled his eyes, amused despite himself by the cheekiness of his much-needed assistant and, in all likelihood, his successor. At least, he was doing his best to ensure it would be the case. At this level of power in the great pyramidal structure of her Majesty’s government, no position was easily gained or kept, but it was even more difficult when you were a woman of Indian descent like Anthea.
So, the Russian crisis seemed to have been brought to an efficient end, Mycroft thought, trying not to look like he was a little bit frightened by Anthea’s mischievous smile and missing it by a mile, if his assistant’s cat-got-the-cream expression was anything to go by.
But the DI didn’t pay him the slightest bit of attention, too lost in whatever was filling his mind.
Taken aback by this unexpected confession, John stared at him, trying to decipher what was going in his brilliant mind. He narrowed his eyes – what could he have discovered in John’s phone to be so upset about it?
The woman next to him, who was observing them with amusement, gave her colleague a slight nudge in the ribs.
“I got my hands on some hush-hush documents,” Greg whispered. “A killing spree recently occurred in Eastern Europe, clearly aimed at several unsavoury contacts that we suspected before of being in Moriarty’s debt. It abruptly stopped two months ago in Byelorussia. As far as I know, no one was arrested.”
gave him a little smile in return, patting his hand once or twice before pulling back and looking away. Sherlock realized only then his hand has been clenched into a fist. He cleared his throat before turning again to Mrs Dubusson, who was watching them with an amused glint in her eye.
Whatever the interloper and his friends wanted to achieve, it has the opposite effect – Sherlock startled, his cheeks reddening in a way John would have found completely endearing in other circumstances. For the moment he softly released Sherlock’s coat before taking a step back and glaring uselessly at the drunken group, which was already going away.
A man was killed, two others were left for dead and Sherlock seemed to have disappeared into thin air.
In the mood for an AU, slightly angsty (with a happy ending) story? Consider checking my other WIP "He's looking at you... again" - http://archiveofourown.org/works/13614678/chapters/31257855
It shouldn’t have been the case and especially not in the sleepy little town of Amboise. Mycroft couldn’t deny he has been surprised to hear from Sylvia and has found himself intrigued by the predicament she was in, but in no way, has he considered the situation as truly dangerous. Otherwise he would never have sent Sherlock off to France. His mind was already busy examining which resources he might call upon tonight when he heard Sherlock barking a mirthless laugh.
His pallid skin was still flushed red from grief, his eyes red-rimmed. His hair looked greasy and unkempt.
“He may have introduced this powder from the start. You will have no way to know if it has already been there before the box caught fire,” Sherlock stated.
Mycroft, you devious little thing, he thought. You’ve just offered me what I was looking for on a silver platter.
Their kiss has been one of the most wonderful things Sherlock has ever experienced in his life, something which felt right and natural, but obviously it hasn’t been the same for John.
“Please what?” Sherlock groaned in his ear. “Tell me you’re hungry for my cock. Tell me you want me to fuck you until you see stars.”
“You don’t have to…” Mycroft started but the protest died on his lips when Greg shot him a smile he hoped was charming, especially at this hour.
With a more careful maintenance, he mused, this flat might turn out to be really fine. Appropriately located, with enough space for a grown man to…
He should have been ashamed, letting it all go like that, bawling like a kid on the not quite clean floor, but Sherlock soon found out that, on the heels of the waves of misery and grief crashing into him, pain radiating in his whole body, came a gradual relief.
“Hey, look at this,” John suddenly said, bending over and examining the bottom right corner of the safe. “Something has been scratched out here…”
He clearly intended his remark as friendly, a teasing smile on his lips, but when he saw Mycroft’s face darken a little bit, Greg called himself a bloody fool.
John knew he was grinning like an absolute fool, but he couldn’t stop himself. A minute later, he dropped his shopping basket, apologising with a smile to the cashier before rushing outside.
“If you care so deeply about the persons you just mentioned… Don’t breathe a word about it to anyone.”
Of course, Sherlock didn’t bother replying, pocketing the key instead before sauntering to the stairs. John smothered a sigh.
“And why, exactly, did you do that? Especially if your father’s name is well known in the artistic world… It should have helped in your line of work, shouldn’t it?”
How John had kissed him earlier, growling “You make me crazy” in Sherlock’s neck before touching him with a passion so intense it had made him go weak at the knees.
They weren’t dancing anymore, lost in their own little world among the anonymous crowd, the throbbing lights sporadically illuminating their faces.
She was looking forward to catching this abuser and leaving him in Lestrade’s care before going home and taking a very hot bath.
The first thing John Watson noticed when he came back to the room where he has left Sherlock, trying to open the door without dropping the heavy box in his arms – Serge Dubusson must really be crazy to send such a parcel to his sister, it had to cost a bloody fortune to consign it to France! – was Sherlock seated on a chair, shoulders slumped. His head was bent, mad curls fallen in disarray all around his face as if the detective has run his hands repeatedly in them. Although John couldn’t see clearly his face, Sherlock looked like the very picture of misery and John’s heart missed a beat.
John was sure he was grinning like an utter fool but couldn’t bring himself to care. Instead he stroked these strong, utterly delectable thighs.
But no, his Highness Mycroft had to call upon them, turning up at their flat like some malevolent deity, riling up Sherlock and exchanging barely veiled barbs with him, until John, annoyed at this interruption and fed up with this display of brotherly animosity, had snapped at him
Surprised, John glanced up at him… and found himself nearly face to face with his friend. His mouth became suddenly dry and he felt his heart racing in his chest. Only a few inches between them. He automatically glanced down at Sherlock’s mouth before looking away, his cheeks burning.
The furious embarrassment he has felt was fading. In its stead, a wave of indignant anger welled up within him, growing so sharp that Mycroft was trembling from head to toe.
She developed a hopeless crush on Sherlock, admiring his rude boldness and cherishing the few moments when he dropped his guard, revealing his hesitations and his uneasiness around others. She never let drop anything about her feelings, but it must have been obvious, especially for Sherlock’s and Irene’s sharp gazes.
“Getting an online harasser arrested, more precisely. Irene and I believe he’s on the brink of assaulting someone – physically this time.”
Sherlock turned to him, an odd expression on his face. Something akin to soft wonder and which made John’s breath catch in his throat. Goodness, as if he needed Sherlock looking even more gorgeous than usual.
“Come on, then,” he said, turning to the stove and starting on the scrambled eggs. “Take your time, I’m not going anywhere!”
Now that the time has come to say out loud what he has privately thought for months – or has it been years? – Sherlock found himself overwhelmed. How to describe what John represented in his eyes? His heart raced in his chest.
It was the raw need in his lover’s voice which more than anything spurred John on, giving him the final impulse to unlock the naughty, downright dirty images which have ever crossed his mind as far as Sherlock was concerned.
He could hear himself growing restless, he mentally cringed at this, but it was too late, a searing pain was spreading across his chest and he couldn’t stop it. He just couldn’t.
In the soft darkness, only disrupted by the lights from a nearby nightclub, Sherlock didn’t look inaccessible as before. In truth, John thought, he looked suddenly young and quite vulnerable. He watched him swallowing hard before saying “I wasn’t expecting you.”
“You could have… hips! Sorry… helped me earlier, y’ know… I mean, if you’re really a sex god or something…” he mumbled, feeling his eyes closing of their own volition.
Torn between horrified disgust at the idea that this piece of shit has asked about her and amusement when she imagined the messy brawl that must have occurred at
“An unexpected visitor. However, I think you’ll welcome him with open arms,” she retorted, laughter in her voice.
A single word which made him look up at this man, his heart constricting painfully in his chest. He licked his lips.
“A large part of Moriarty’s network seems to have gathered here, in London. We do not have any proof yet, but some signs do not lie.”
John swallowed, glancing around him like a child caught with a hand in the cookie jar. The effect Sherlock has on him, even after six months of relationship, was completely ridiculous.
A confession which left John shaken to the core. No need to ask to whom this “him” referred. He swallowed several times before answering “You’re allowed to miss him, you know. You also were his friend.”
“Apologies, Detective inspector, my brother’s away for a few days. I trust you’ll be able to get by without his help this time,” Mycroft flippantly replied, glancing down at the documents spread over his desk, looking like he couldn’t wait for Greg’s departure to get back to work.
Still, he resented this. Why couldn’t Sherlock suddenly appear on the 221b’s doorstep, imposing himself once again upon John’s life and pulling him over until John was captured in his orbit? Deep down he knew he was irrational about it, but he couldn’t help himself.
Men promising her the earth and dumping her a week later with “It’s not you, it’s me” – oldest excuse in the book.
When the cab dropped him off in front of the 221, John was a mess. The driver’s large smile told him that in his haste to get out of the car, he has paid him far too much. John gripped the handle of his walking stick. He would care about this later. Right now it was time to face the music – and discover what was hidden behind the 221’s door. He was taking a step forward when he heard behind him “Hello, John.”
“Detective Inspector, I do not know if you have noticed, but I do not care for such triviality as “having a chat over a cup of tea”. Nor would I have the time to do so, even if I was feeling inclined to. Now please tell me the purpose of your visit.”
John felt his whole face heat up. Sherlock has only stated the truth in bare, neutral terms. He hasn't made a mock of John's behaviour nor has shown any anger towards him. His words pierced John's heart all the same, filling him with shame and guilt.
receipts. The best part is that I didn’t get a chance of telling him one word before he started babbling about Everett!”
He has barely set foot in his cramped little flat that John was already opening his laptop, addressing a fervent prayer to whatever deity was keen on listening to him right now.
“I’m shocked, Irene. I would have thought stalking and getting our harasser arrested would be exciting enough for you.”
He should already be there, getting in touch with the museum’s administrators and dazzling John with his deductions.
“That’s all right, we’ll take it,” a deep, oh so very familiar voice suddenly said behind John. One second later, Sherlock appeared at his side, in all his Belstaff-y glory, shooting a large and completely unconvincing – at least in John’s eyes – grin to the receptionist while giving her the Visa card provided by Mycroft. He then turned to John.
The man who has ordered his guards to throw him out of his office before he later that day set foot in Greg’s flat and kissed him.
It was obviously the wrong thing to say as John’s face clouded over. Sherlock felt despair creeping over him. Why couldn’t he say anything right anymore?
He automatically nodded, his mind already focused back on the fight he was currently having with the old roots.
Until the flat’s door opened and, thanks to the light flooding the landing, she could see Sherlock’s face.
“Shut up, you know nothing!” he screamed, his voice rebounding off the walls of his tiny flat. “You don’t know what it’s like, having to watch yourself, keeping silent, afraid you’re going…”
Sherlock let out a disbelieving snort, but didn’t insist. Of course, there has been no clue in Serge’s letter to his sister as to hint at which combination will open the box. The whole thing was doomed from the start – they could try any combination and be none the wiser when the deadline will be reached. It wasn’t so much a trap than a way for Serge to beat once again his sister at a game whose rules he was the only one to know.
“Auto-ignition safes,” Sherlock absentmindedly answered. “If you attempt to break into it, what’s inside will immediately be destroyed.”
He was drowning in pure pleasure until he heard right behind him “Shall I bring a bucket of water or will my voice be enough?”
He tensed at the thought worming his way into his mind – what if he has just blown every chance he might have had with Sherlock?
“And when I finally look my fill, I will order you to lie on your front. I will put myself between your legs, my hands will stroke your ass. I will spread you open and I will rim you until you’re crying and begging for release.”
“Assuming you’re telling the truth, why do you need my help, then? (It was Greg’s turn to sound amused.) Unless you absolutely want my idea as regards the holiday souvenirs to bring me back and offer me next time we see each other, hum?”
“Tell me what’s happening?” he asked in a tone he hoped was coaxing enough to his brother. “Has some… problem arisen?”
Coming from a man who was way shorter than Sherlock, it was quite ironic to be called like this. However, Sherlock didn’t remark on it. He would rather die than admit it, but Ross, with his weathered face and kind gaze, reminded him a bit of his own father.
“No. I didn’t fit the profile he was looking for in women. But he couldn’t resist the temptation of spending a few hours with me, on the pretext of consulting me on a case, so he could boast afterwards that I haven’t seen him for what he really was. That I was some kind of fraud.”
After the sweaty, electric atmosphere of the club, finding himself in the back seat of a London cab was putting quite a downer on John’s excitement.
"Soon," he whispered in his ear, enjoying very much the flush which immediately bloomed in his partner's cheeks.
That night, his father joined him in his room, seating on his bed and staring at John for such a long time the teenager he was then got convinced his father somehow knew what he has failed to do alongside Harry.
Among the vast nest of roots stood a little board, with a large “073” written on it. Right, John thought, Hussein’s numbering system to easily identify the plots in the garden and…
As far as I know, the Islington CG does not exist - I've been inspired by Culpeper CG which is very much real and looks like a lovely project!
He raised his head, pausing in his struggle to uproot an old stump of lilac tree – who knew it could resist so valiantly against all attempts to dislodge it? He panted for breath, wiping the sweat off his brow with his handkerchief. Out of the corner of his eye he saw Meriem, a sweet, middle-aged woman, hurrying toward him.
“Oh yeah, your life is so hard!” she cried out in a high voice before dropping it. “Try walking in my shoes, don’t you, and see how it is before you come crying your heart out, hum? Try being out, not hiding where you are or the sex of your partner, and hearing a flat’s owner hanging up on you. Try walking with your girlfriend, wanting to take her hand in yours and not doing it because you’re afraid it’s not safe!”
He startled, a bit surprised to find himself lingering in the lobby, his hastily thrown together suitcase lying at his feet. He raised his head, looking up just in time to see Sherlock coming down from the stairs, a frankly annoyed look on his face.
He was even more taken aback when he heard “Later” whispered to him before John pulled back, turning to their very amused hostess.
John stared at him a bit longer before shaking his head. Sherlock had time though to see amusement flashing in his dark blue eyes.
John wasn’t really surprised by this. From what he knew about Da Vinci – which was very little, by the way – he could see how a young Sherlock could become enraptured by the Renaissance genius.
But with John, it was more than the simple appeal of flesh. As soon as Sherlock has set eyes on him, he has been trying to puzzle out the delicious and captivating enigma the medicine student represented. A man blending so successfully among others, laughing and talking with them and no one could see what Sherlock has glimpsed right from the start – the hidden face.
He hasn’t come all this way to wallow in self-pity and bringing barely buried memories back to life, has he?
And if he wasn’t already feeling irritated at Sherlock’s attitude, Joan thought, the flow of rash words, each of them intended to demonstrate the fact that yes, she could read him like an open book, would surely deflate what was left of his ego.
But he needed this, he realized. He needed the closure on what has been one of the most brilliant, craziest chapters of his life.
John tried to ignore the fondness in Greg’s voice when he pronounced this name. Good Lord, was he so obvious when he was talking about Sherlock?
Fortunately for the treacherous heat creeping up his spine and into his pants, the wanton thoughts were brought to a swift end when Mycroft looked up at him, giving him a potent glare.
He dimly perceived the surrounding noises – doors of the nearby flats closing and opening, snatches of conversations, cars honking and people crying out in the streets – but for once, they didn’t manage to disturb him. For once his mind was at peace, deep waters shining under the sun, shyly peeking through clouds. He knew it wouldn’t stay like this, that his relentless curiosity and the overwhelming need to
He kissed John back, sucking on his lower lip, letting himself taste – finally! – the thin, rosy skin which has so prominently figured in his fantasies.
A storm was brewing inside him. Tremendous waves of fury were crashing against the stronghold of the admiration and affection he was still feeling for his former flat mate, shaking him to his very core. And underneath his anger and his resentment lay the overwhelming relief to know – as far as the strange events of these past days have led him to believe it – that Sherlock was alive.
“It’s okay, John, it’s me who should be sorry. I thought…” He shrugged. “It doesn’t matter anyway. I completely understand you regret...”
He sat up suddenly, gasping for breath as the memories of the day before were rushing into his mind.
She would trust Sherlock. She would trust her friend, who certainly wouldn’t waste any time in taking Mister Conceited down a whole series of pegs.
“You know, in the language of flowers, every one of them has a special meaning. I only know some of them, mind you, there’s much too many for me to remember… But when you offer a red camellia to someone, you might just as well say you’re in love with her.”
Being nice to the overly curious or stupid neighbours, especially when they didn’t catch the drift and leave him alone.
I know, I know, I leave you with this cliffhanger... but in my defence, these last weeks have been very busy (with good and not so good things) so I take whatever time is left for writing :)
She turned her heard in his direction and Sherlock groaned when he recognized the impish look in her green gaze.
At this moment, he hated Sherlock with every fibre of his being for putting him in this tricky position – for giving him the choice between taking the plunge and contacting him or ignoring his call for help and throwing Sherlock to the dogs which were currently hounding him.
The first impulse was to block the number as he already threatened to do so, but before he could put it into practice, another idea came to him.
Irene groaned. That was really not her day. First the botched job - even if, according to what the police’s team sent to the suspect’s flat has found there, it was very likely he was their harasser – and then the frankly ridiculous way she has injured herself.
Not really looking where he was going, still reeling at the idea of a beehive – he could almost imagine Sherlock’s enthusiast reaction if he were here next to him, listening to Hussein’s explanations – John stumbled over a little sign, which has been driven into the ground. He caught himself just in time thanks to the sturdy trunk of an oak tree.
Truth was, nothing could keep him away from the object of his fascination – obsession, his mind answered.
He wants to protest, to scream that no, it’s not okay, it never was, but he can’t say that aloud, can he?
In the end, he thought, I would have gone shopping at Tesco, still huffing and puffing, and I’d have forgotten this…incident the next day.
“Nonsense,” Mycroft abruptly cut him off before standing aside and waving at his office. “Please come in. We’ll be more comfortable.”
The Work was waiting for him and he couldn’t really waste any more time here, in this dreary little room. Pining has never achieved anything after all.
Soft footsteps in the hall, breaking the silence in the flat. John frowns. The only person who got the key is Mrs Hudson and she is in no state at the moment to go upstairs. Besides, from what he can hear from the intruder’s gait, he – or she – certainly does not suffer from a sprained ankle.
“Holmes,” Poshy blurted out before biting his lower lip, annoyance gleaming in his eyes, as if Ross has somehow tricked him out of it. However, he quickly recovered his composure and he stood up straight, towering over Ross. “Mycroft Holmes.”
“The last one is Russian,” Sherlock answered, savouring each word rolling on his tongue. “It’s the Mizulina firm, named after the father of Mikhail Mizulin. You may have heard of his wife a few years ago – Yelena Mizulina.”
Sherlock let out a dark chuckle before pulling back just enough to meet John’s completely dazed gaze. Himself looked a right mess – swollen lips, wet with saliva, red cheeks, blown pupils in his clear eyes.
“That’s completely true and you know it. How I miss your voice, your presence when you’re unable to come with me on a crime scene. (He lowered his voice.) How sometimes watching your hands when you’re cooking or typing on your computer makes me so hard I’m forced to shut myself in my room…”
Suddenly, the space intended for the Twitter feed, apparently linked to Sherlock’s account, which has remained still yet, came to life, attracting John’s attention.
“Here, take this,” Molly whispered to her, giving her an aspirin. “You’re sure you don’t want to let someone check on this?” she asked, looking at Irene’s bruised face.
Sherlock dropped his gaze to the box on the desk before glancing back at John. The only silver lining in this situation was that the same frustration Sherlock was feeling was written all over John’s face. However, a small smile quirked up his lips when he saw Sherlock observing him.
Irene shot him a fake smile – “Excuse me, I need some help from my colleague” – before grasping Sherlock’s wrist and pulling him close.
“John, John! Gav… I mean Grant… Oh fuck, what’s your name again? Oh, never mind then! That man over there has asked me to make a speeeeeech!”
He checked his watch – 4 a.m. In spite of his efforts, he knew he has dozed off a bit before, only to be woken up by the hoot of an owl. Around him, the great city has fallen into a light slumber, its sleep only disturbed by the never-ending rumble of traffic. John slumped back against a trunk. He was only glad he didn’t have to work a shift at the clinic, he would have been useless in that case.
“Oh my God,” Sherlock nearly screeched, “don’t say “Mycroft” and “sex” in the same sentence ever again!”
He has been such a fool, allowing himself to grow fond of this man, his warm gaze and bright smile clouding Mycroft’s judgment; To think he has considered the DI as someone kind and considerate while in truth…
Mrs Dubusson’s office accurately mirrored her owner’s tastes and habits. It managed to look cosy and tightly organised at the same time.
The man seated next to him didn’t answer. Since they have boarded the Tube, Sherlock has lapsed into a sullen silence and showed no sign of coming out of his sulk. John sighed. He really couldn’t blame his friend – he would have done the same in his stead.
“You’re the most despicable human being I’ve ever had the misfortune to meet,” Sherlock growled behind her.
How he has missed this deep baritone. John nuzzles up to him. Sherlock’s fingers tighten on his skin.
“What do you say, John? Can we take this risk together? Because if you think for one second I’m not as involved as you are…”
Sherlock, he would find out the truth soon enough – waving his arms in the air and screaming at him “Look at me!”
He has forgotten the extraordinary power of feelings, especially when they awoke after a long sleep. To think the Work was giving him proof every day to the lengths people were going just to get what they wanted…
“Gotcha!” he growled before taking the Browning out of his holster and aiming it at his prey who was currently pinned below him.
Shy, fleeting glances at the other, tongue licking lips in a nervous gesture, aborted sentences, anxious little laughs.
“I only cared about you. The fact that you were here, safe within these walls, that Cox couldn’t touch one hair of your head… Nothing else mattered to me.”
If Sherlock has thought John would finally be rebuffed by his knowledge, he was sorely mistaken. There was instead a growing warmth in John’s gaze, a sweet affection so unexpected and so tempting at the same time that Sherlock bit his lip, for fear of blurting the first thing which came to his mind.
“That’s the least of my worries right now!” Sherlock replied. “Oh my God, I can’t believe it… Ring off, Mycroft, I really can’t talk to you… Even hearing your voice and… Eurgh!”
“Room seven, first floor. Have a nice stay, gentlemen,” she declared, her expression leaving no doubt as to this wish’s sincerity.
John was lying down on his bed, closing his eyes, slowly stroking his cock as he remembered the sweetness of Jane’s mouth, the smell of her skin, how he has unclasped her bra in a swift move, palming her breasts through her top.
“Oh please! Did you see Mycroft’s face when he discovered one of his precious cats was pregnant? He was already in over his head with a litter of kittens on his hands!”
He glanced at the woman, who was animatedly talking to a friend. She was attractive for sure, but he didn’t want to walk to her and try to chat her up. As for many things, Sherlock’s death seemed to have brought John’s desire for romance to an end.
So, without thinking too much about what he was about to do, he got up, put both hands on Mycroft’s desk and leaned in until he could have kissed the man.
As soon as John reached the wrought iron gates, he felt at ease. Above his head, a large board welcomed the bystanders to the Community garden. It was ensconced in the middle of a larger park/playground area, which was quite obviously a hit among the families of the neighbourhood, if John was correctly assessing the happy cries of children around him.
Her fingers threaded into Sherlock’s curly hair, fingernails lightly grazing her scalp, while her other hand was delicately stroking her jaw.
She turned her head away, resuming her examination of the room, which was getting more and more crowded. According to reliable information, their harasser was to be found among the
Was it a joke, a trick from one of the volunteers? (A completely illogical assumption. From what he has seen of the community’s members, he couldn’t believe they would behave in such a way towards him.)
Half an hour later, he walked in the community garden. He didn’t waste any time, not bothering to say hello to the other members of the team – he made directly his way over to the mailbox and unlocked it. The young man has been true to his word. The arrangement was small, but carefully put together. The two flowers – one bearing purple bells, the other crowned with a bright red corolla – were kept hydrated thanks to a water tube. John could tell they have suffered a bit from last night, when the teenager has been caught in the act by John, hastily throwing them through the mailbox’s slot before taking flight.
Or, on the contrary, should he be more forward, taking advantage of the shadows draping themselves over the city, and push his companion against the nearest wall for a heated snog?
It was only when he started shivering in his thin shirt that he thought of getting up. He did so slowly, massaging his cramped leg and holding on to the bed frame. He walked to the window, looking through at the
What happened during John's speed-dating seance - and my answer to the fat shaming which has taken place in "Sherlock".
There was such sincerity in his gaze Sherlock found himself stripped of all his defences. He lowered his head, peering at his hands trembling on the
“I will look at you. I mean, look at you as much as I want and you won’t be able to refuse me, will you?”
A stranger with a deliciously deep voice, who seems to go to great pains to hide his hesitancy and social unease behind an abrupt and impolite façade.
“I don’t normally reply to texts from strangers. I don’t know why I made an exception for you. But I’m glad I did.”
Sherlock’s shout rendered him speechless. Which left him unfortunately perfectly able to hear Martha’s gasp or the teenagers tittering at his friend’s outburst. But Sherlock ignored them all. He once again turned round in his seat, his gaze holding John prisoner.
“Okay but… If he has indeed discovered a new Leonardo, why did he send it to you?” John asked. “It must be worth a fortune!”.
They kissed and kissed again, lips smashing, teeth nipping, hands roaming all over their bodies. They were wild, so high with the rising tide swelling in their bodies, their souls they simply couldn’t stop.
It was so awkward at first, neither of you being very successful at talking, speaking out loud what was weighing on your minds.
John couldn’t help but smile at this scene. They were reminding him of Sherlock and him – at least when his friend wasn’t doing his best to impersonate Mister-Warning-I’ll-bite-you-if-you-come-closer.
For a disturbing second the disgusting words his father used to hurl at him – with an increasing frequency after Harry has come out – resurfaced.
He pointed out a table in the row behind him and John saw Mike perking up when he caught sight of the blond chick he has spotted earlier at the bar.
“Oh, I assure you I tell you the truth,” Mycroft whispered, getting slowly up while taking care not to let go of Greg’s hand. He gave a gentle tug at his sleeve and Greg obeyed without question, heart already pounding in his chest as he let Mycroft draw him closer.
He hasn’t believed his ears. Until this moment he hasn’t known that silence could be so cruel. So cold. He hasn’t known that parents, people who were supposed to support their children no matter who they loved, could act in such a way, sweeping Harry’s words under the rug, issuing such a curt dismissal that his sister remained frozen on the spot, anguish shining in her gaze before she abruptly turned on her heel and fled.
Fighting the temptation to do so, he resolved to put away first the groceries. He was sorting out the tomatoes when the phone chimed.
Molly shook his head, a light smile playing on her lips when she imagined the scene. If Irene was right, Sherlock would certainly endure months – even years – of relentless teasing.
No. He couldn’t stand another illusion, like those mirages he had sometimes glimpsed in Afghanistan.
They were both trembling, gripping each other’s hand as if they were both lost at sea, this link between them the only lifeline they had.
“Of course,” Anthea smoothly retorted, an amused gleam in her dark eyes. “One thing for sure, you won’t be working on your modesty, then.”
He was still debating whether to switch off the phone or to reply with a heartfelt “FUCK OFF” when a new message appeared on the screen.
She stopped and took a deep breath. In an unfamiliar show of restraint, Sherlock didn’t urge her to speak, focusing instead his attention on her.
It was a good thing, Sherlock mused, that he didn’t need any words to know what was going on in John’s mind. Opening his mouth and letting the words he has long kept for himself finally tumbling out has never felt so easy.
For her to be suddenly confined to her flat, her injured ankle as well as a part of her calf immobilized in a splint… it was easy to imagine her frustration – without speaking of the physical pain.
The flush which has slightly abated came back in full force. John licked his lips nervously before whispering
Sherlock heard John’s slight hitch in his breath while he was doing his best to smother his own frown – there was always something!
“Look at me,” he whispered – an order that Sherlock obeyed without any protest, blinking surprised eyes at John.
“Definitely not,” John agreed before kissing him sweetly. “Come on, you menace. We have a room waiting for us.”
“Or you could lie down on my bed, flat on your front, and I would rim you until you beg me for your release…”
And speaking of Sherlock… When he has first met him, he hasn’t really paid attention to his appearance. He has noticed the man was taller than him - which wasn’t that unusual, with his own 5’7 feet – but at that time, he has been more spooked by the blood covering him.
He suddenly imagined Mister Calendar over there lying down on his bed, squirming and moaning while John was sucking him off.
Truth was they haven’t yet succeeded in pinning the harasser’s profile down. Some things about the way he operated remained unclear and it was bothering him.
The same sentence the pupils of St Clare’s school used to say to Harry after she went running to the teacher, complaining about the pranks played on her.
“Almost being the operative word, John.” Sherlock sighs. “Molly must have made a mistake, so unlike her. The samples are clearly from both a male and a female, not twins.” The last word with a sneer and a twist of the lip too similar to Mycroft for John’s liking.
Mycroft, who had ridden over with Sherlock, arrives in a statelier fashion, and waving his ever-present umbrella from the prone man to the couch as he speaks. “My brother is correct. Ignore the man on the floor, my people will be here shortly to take him into custody. Take care of Doctor Watson.” In a tone radiating calm and of not being disobeyed, by anyone.
“Last I looked, Sherlock was a grown man able to make decisions for himself.” The driver stops outside of 221B. “Don’t bother getting out.”
Marching out into the crisp fall air John hears footsteps behind him. Turning to speak to the man behind him, he timidly asks, “Sherlock, can I come back home to Baker Street? Please?”
“Yeah, we have already had that discussion. We both suffer from some degree of PTSD. John from the war, me from… when I was away. It’s been a while since either of us experienced this severe of an episode though, guess it never quite goes away.” Sighing. “We do have plans to put extra locks on the doors, and to put safety gates up when Rosie becomes more mobile. There is a box of baby protection gear on top of the refrigerator, the gates are under John’s old bed in Rosie’s room.”
Curfew started at sunset, if spotted he would be hard pressed to prove that he was a free man without his identification. Just as that thought crossed his mind, a police car turned the corner at the far end of the block, heading in his direction along with a closer flash of lighting and report of thunder. He could clearly see the entry door to his building when the police car pulled over in front of him. Blue lights flashing as the two uniformed officers order him to stop. While looking around hopeful of spotting someone who can say he belongs here, the man only notices curtains being flicked tightly closed.
John meets Sherlock upstairs outside his old childhood bedroom. “My parents set up the guest room for you and Rosie… you are still sleeping with me correct?” Sherlock nervously wonders.
Hissing as Mike starts to clean his wounds, John slowly explains, slurring here and there, “I was late for work and forgot to grab my wallet. We were slammed, and another doctor called in sick so I volunteered to work a double shift. Two officers picked me up three doors from the building where I live after curfew. The one, Sanders, I think would have gone to verify my information but the other, Donovan, she wouldn’t hear of it.”
Sherlock practically runs into the wardrobe where we hide his box from prying eyes. I hear the rustle of the bag and the box lid shut as I walk to the bed. He hurries back, trying not to look too eager. I can’t help but grin at his enthusiasm.
“Alright, we might need to rearrange a few things… put one of the desk chairs on the landing maybe.”
John has a standing appointment for a physiotherapy session, with Kevin, at St. Bart’s. He will pick up Rosie from Molly, via Bart’s child-care, when he’s finished. Sherlock agreed over breakfast to go into NSY with Lestrade to finish filling out his statement for the King case and to go over a few additional cold case files that might be related to them.
Sherlock tilts his head from side to side with a slight frown, “He’s missing something.” Steps back, “Ah, I have it!” and pulls the old blue scarf from around his neck to loop on the snowman.
“I want to come home to a clean bed alright? I expect an ‘eloquent’ layer of dust over the entire flat by the time we come back.”
“On that note, I think I’ll go have my nightmare filled dreams then” Kevin remarks. “I’ll see you in the morning. Goodnight” he gets up and heads toward his bedroom carrying what’s left of his glass of cognac.
“Ok. What say I bring you to orgasm without hitting you? It would be best to discuss what-all is in the box when we are well rested. Yeah?”
John smiling “Ta love” as he grabs the jam and cream from the refrigerator and the honey from the side table. “How are your stitches this morning?”
When Rosie and I arrive back at Baker Street fourteen minutes later, there is an attractive, shapely, blond, brown eyed woman sitting in the client chair. Mrs. Hudson, bless her, must have brought up tea as the woman is sipping from a cup as we enter. Sherlock rises and crosses the room to take Rosie from me as I remove first Rosie’s, then my coat and collect my own cup of tea.
“Wait! I’ll get some ice and blankets.” The nurse places an ice pack at the base of John’s skull and in his lap as I cover Rosie with the extra blankets. “Run the AC full” as she directs the flow at John. “Try and keep your friend cool. Good luck!”
Right hand spread lightly over his abdomen and left caressing his daughter John glances at Sherlock to note the hurt look. “You can leave the phone on speaker, I have nothing to hide.” John assures his flatmate, still comforting his daughter.
Cracking one eye partially open he spots a slender man with short dark hair dressed in what looks like a dark navy suit, who seems to be vibrating, in the doorway. Johns’ sluggish mind quickly becomes exceptionally alert when he sees the flash of a carving knife from the kitchen in one trembling fist of the strange man at the door.
Rushing up the stairs, he opens the door to their flat to find Sherlock sitting, looking rather forlorn, in his leather chair, knees pulled into his chest. Sherlock’s parents are on the couch, scowling at Sherlock.
“You’ll do as I say or you will answer to the British Government.” John informs her, still channelling his inner Captain, while dialling the man in question.
“Yeah, but we need to take the lorry back and pick up Rosie before Molly goes to work.” Sherlock answers.
Mrs. Hudson has heard us come in and lets us know Rosie is sound asleep in her flat. We’ll leave her there until the morning.
She shook her head. The lure of the bottle of wine, still half-open in the fridge, was tempting but Joan needed to keep a clear head. Besides, she didn’t feel like falling into the same trap as her brother Harry, using alcohol as an emotional crutch.
John’s gaze flicked over Sherlock. Lover Boy was clearly getting upset about Irene’s interruption and Sherlock’s dithering. Even though she was furious herself, Irene couldn’t help watching with amusement the dilemma in which she was putting her associate.
Dousing him into cold water would have done the same impression. John froze on the spot, snapping back to reality while his heady arousal was swiftly replaced with nauseating fear.
Catching himself eyeing the lanky frame clad with a T-shirt and jeans, he hastened to add “And I guess you weren’t injured during your experiment earlier?”
“As I was saying,” he replied, uttering every syllable as if it was a bullet intended for the man seated in front of him, “rest assured that my brother and his… friend are suitably occupied for the moment. And that’s all you have to know in that regard.”
The other woman has found her during a party, a few months later, staring at Sherlock, who was heavily flirting with another student, and feeling the familiar heartbreak.
[And it would be nice of you to apologise. Being impolite to perfect strangers is generally frowned upon if you weren't aware of that fact. SH]
John nodded, not trusting his voice. He fidgeted, looking around without seeing anything, while Ross poured out the cheap beer. It wasn’t yet rush hour at the pub and apart from some regular customers minding their own business or watching the telly, he was quite alone at the bar.
“Yeah, Mycroft, as in Sherlock’s brother, in case you’ve forgotten. You know, the tall, stuffy, pompous and not very pleasant guy you inexplicably seem to have a soft spot for?”
John closed his eyes. What was he supposed to do? With trembling fingers, he opened the second text.
They had a quiet laugh together, taking a trip down memory lane, remembering with a kind of gruff fondness Sherlock’s abrasive remarks and most absurd experiments. And if John felt his heart still overwhelmed with grief from time to time, he also found himself enjoying this discussion, sharing with Greg his memories of the madman who was still haunting him.
— Apologies, det…Gregory, Mycroft replied with a pained quirk of his mouth which couldn’t really pass for a smile. It has been a long day and… I wasn’t expecting your visit, he added, throwing a dark look at the door Anthea has gone through a moment ago.
“God forbid!” Greg cried out, wrinkling his nose. “It’s nothing personal, I promise you. It’s just that…”
And there she was, in this damp underground tunnel, where a nasty, musty smell was slowly choking her. The kid guiding her through this maze – a willowy teenager, whose hat was pulled down over his eyes – suddenly stopped.
Sherlock found himself at a loss – how has it turned so awkward so fast between them? He swallowed hard, his mouth turning dry and he made a conscious effort to open his mouth, his words forcing their way out.
Sherlock must have glimpsed this surrender in his eyes, because his smile got wider, making him look younger, more innocent.
Dangerous for whom? The teenager didn’t seem especially afraid, laughing at John even when he has levelled a gun at him.
He forced himself to consider them in a different light, trying to forget everything he has previously assumed to be true in that regard.
“If I’m a consulting detective – the only one in the world, for your information – you can be whatever you want to be.”
Joan gave a loud sigh. It became so difficult to sort herself out. Sometimes she was tempted to forget every caution, to kneel at Sherlock’s feet when she was sitting in the sofa and to whisper in her ear
John would sleep better now and maybe with a bit of luck, he would even forget the memory of Sherlock’s gaze meeting his.
All this talk of a shadowy world he has half-forgotten after Sherlock passed away reminded John of the electric tension which has permeated the last days before the final confrontation with Moriarty. This peculiar feeling that Sherlock was as unattainable as ever and so vulnerable at the same time. Or the way he was always staring at John, opening his mouth as if he was on the verge of saying something important…
Mycroft would have rolled his eyes and complained of his juvenile behaviour, but in truth, he would have been reassured, bringing in return to Sherlock a highly needed dose of familiar comfort.
John also was chaos – a marvellous, terrific source of disorder and anarchy concealed from the public eye, hidden under a friendly smile and old-fashioned jumpers. Only you were able to look beyond it. Only you could glimpse the dangerous gleam in his gaze, fuel the thrill-seeking impulse which pushed you both out of the safe, cosy haven of 221b Baker Street and into London’s dark underbelly.
“Did I by chance catch you unawares? If that is the case, it’ll be an occasion to remember. I don’t think it has happened since you celebrated your seventh birthday…”
Sherlock looked down at him, his distressing thoughts coming to a crashing halt. John raised a placating hand.
A click followed and the upper part of the box suddenly popped out, revealing what was inside – the handle of a smaller case. But Sherlock didn’t really pay attention to it. How could he when all he was feeling was John’s hand on his, all he was hearing was his “Oh my God, you did it, you genius!”, all he was seeing was the overwhelming joy and pride in John’s blue eyes?
“I was fascinated by Da Vinci when I was young,” Sherlock suddenly said, breaking the cosy silence between them. “I’ve read literally everything that I could lay my hands on about him.”
“I’m not going to lie, just embellishing the truth a little bit! And it also means the next round of pints at the pub is on your tab.”
Hell, didn’t he ask John, when they first met, to come with him because he needed his medical expertise?
The descriptions as regards Amboise and the Clos Lucé are accurate enough, I had the pleasure to visit them last summer and if you got the opportunity to see the city as well as the sights it can offer, go for it!
John shook his head, glancing at the surroundings. They were finding themselves in a quiet cobbled street, at the top of a steep slope. When he turned on his heel, he could see the city shining down below. He hasn’t paid any attention to where they were going, John thought with a guilty flush. Something that Sherlock didn’t miss, considering the smirk on his lips.
His vast network of spies and other useful contacts returned empty-handed. Even the most unsavoury and cunning characters that Mycroft, in his desperation, had to get in touch with had nothing but lies for him.
Like a big spider at the centre of its web, he waited for the tiniest signs which would prove him that his brother was alive.
His right hand slipped beneath the waistband of John’s pants. At the first touch of Sherlock on his cock, John cried out. Pleasure was engulfing him in a fiery embrace, dissolving any fear, any doubt which has burdened him since his return in London. Blood was roaring in his ears, a harsh symphony with Sherlock groaning his name as counterpoint.
“Like he was a regular bloke!” Greg has replied, punctuating his words with a wave of his hand. “Of course, we know he’s not, he’s a genius about it, but to like him for his human qualities…”
Of course, Greg knew deep down that the chance of finding Mycroft Holmes on his doorstep, dressed up to the nines – he even got the umbrella in tow! – glaring at him in a way which makes Greg want to pin him up against the nearest wall and snog him until the man forgot his name, was non-existent.
The coward’s choice, that’s what she was saying. Anger surged through him, fuelled by his inability to refute her accusation. He clenched his fists. Harry glanced briefly down at his hands – a look of fear flashed across her face. An expression that John wasn’t expecting to find on her sister’s features and which left him totally puzzled. Nausea rolled in his gut when he realized that Harry must have seen the same reaction over and over in people standing in front of her; Noticing her, her laugh, her haircut, the way she spoke, anything really which told them that she wasn’t one of them.
Of course, the man was handsome – John would dare to say “attractive” – and if he had been free to jump into bed with him, he would have done so in a heartbeat.
“Yeah,” Hussein admitted with an impish grin. “No need to be formal here, we’re a small community. I hope it doesn’t disturb you?”
When she met Sherlock, she immediately knew he was different. Brutally honest, a mind driven by curiosity and thirst for knowledge, he seemed to consider her as a colleague, someone who could help him. As if he didn’t see her quiet, demure nature but only her cleverness when she was dealing with the bodies entrusted to her care.
“He said he has made it but, when we came to the hotel earlier, they’ve lost the booking and they haven’t got a free room and…Oh.” John abruptly cut himself off, sighing resignedly. “I’m an idiot.”
“Actually, you are. And consider yourself lucky you didn’t break your neck falling down these stairs.”
A few feet from her, leaning against a grimy wall, his face revealed thanks to the light of a lonely lamp, Sherlock Holmes was waiting for her.
Sherlock’s body slammed into him faster and faster. John positively howled when his body spasmed, his fist flying over his cock while his come spurted all over the blanket. Sherlock seized his hips in a white-knuckled grip before coming. John felt the gush of wetness deep inside him, heat soaking into his very bones, Sherlock’s gasping breaths behind him, still pushing himself into him until he collapsed down on the blanket. After a while he reached out to John, who let himself be gathered in Sherlock’s arms.
He heard the man swallowing several times and pulled a face as he imagined the DI drinking himself into a stupor in is flat.
It abruptly stopped a few weeks ago in Hory, a little town in Byelorussia, a few miles away from the Russian border.
She hasn’t felt such anger since she has joined the army, ready to tear to pieces anyone standing in her way.
Greg did his best not to betray his thoughts but something must have transpired on his face, since Mycroft, after having glanced at him, relaxed a little bit, a shadow of a smile flickering on his lips. The DI bit the inside of his cheek, resisting the impulse to lean forward, drawing this lovely man in his arms and kissing him like there was no tomorrow.
“Okay, Mister Will or Sherlock, whatever your name is… You asked me to follow you here and I did. Now I believe I’m ready to hear what you have to say.”
Remembering at the last minute Sherlock’s fictitious name, she hissed “Will” between her teeth, not daring to attract any additional attraction.
Should he wait until they were seated at the restaurant to start talking and see where it goes from there?
Oh, yes, he has replied aloud, not even being aware of that fact, it was good, very good, it was ecstasy right now, as he wanked into oblivion, his left hand a blur on his cock, watching his fantasy of Sherlock panting his pleasure, moaning his desire for John – “Harder, please, harder!” – sweat beading on his brow, his whole body trembling with the effort, his need to come swirling along out of his control until sweet, blessed release has come.
A metallic clang suddenly attracted his attention. It came from the other side of the garden. Was someone trying to climb over the railings as John has done or was it some sound his overactive imagination has conjured up?
Gazing at him with soulful eyes, telling him without words how much he loved him, how much he was hoping they would have a long life together.
If he hadn’t noticed the voice dripping with sarcasm, the bitter smirk on Sherlock’s lips would have clued him in.
They were all idiots, John smugly thought, swiftly walking round them in order to better follow Sherlock. The best, most fascinating thing those people would ever had the good fortune to glimpse was striding along them, his ever-changing gaze currently focused on his mobile.
The interloper would flee with his tail between his legs, Sherlock would delete the whole encounter from her mind while Joan would make dinner. Later, they would share a warm meal together, just both of them. Joan could already imagine the scene, both lovely and familiar – Sherlock playing with her food, listening to the stories that Joan has saved just for her. It was one of the rare perks of working in a hair salon – you were never short of ridiculous, perfectly laughable tales.
As I said before, as far as I know, the Islington CG doesn't exist. I was inspired by the Culpeper CG, whose website you can find here:http://www.culpeper.org.uk/
You’re precious to me, Sherlock. Everything we had and that we still have deserves to be cherished and nurtured. To be remembered with fondness and to be talked about, a smile on our lips.
“That’s what I thought,” Sherlock viciously muttered before jumping out of his seat and getting off the train. Of course that was the moment for John to find back his voice “I said
Anthea chuckled, checking in one swift glance that the very full agenda of this day has indeed been dealt with.
Truth was, during an all too brief moment, he has enjoyed finding back the simple joys of his childhood, when everything has seemed so easy. Of course, it hasn’t been, Sherlock being reminded all too well of the many obligations, social or otherwise, which has made him sigh with despair and dragging his feet, when he hasn’t indulged in a familiar sulking session.
John bit his lip, hesitant about whether coming clean to Sherlock and betraying Greg’s confidence or remaining silent, at the risk of Sherlock misunderstanding his last text and taking offence at something which wasn’t meant for him…
“God yes,” John growled before pressing himself against Sherlock, who was pushed against the wall. He retaliated by draping his arms around John’s neck and drawing him closer.
Maybe – just maybe – if he still had his childhood mind’s focus, he could have known with absolute certainty if John has truly made a move earlier, when they were both on top of that wall, as if he wanted…
“Because there are too many temptations for your stomach or because you don’t understand Italian?” Sherlock asked, trying to hide his amusement in his glass of wine.
– into chatting him up, he has chosen the wrong person to do so. Mycroft would generously forget this unfortunate incident and next time their paths met, it would happen in the most cordial and professional fashion.
With a chuckle, John raised his hand, attracting the bartender’s attention and ordering a second beer.
Joan was stroking absentmindedly Sherlock’s belly. Not yet ready for round three, but getting there.
Granted, the man didn’t seem to have any friend, but surely he got acquaintances. Past lovers, maybe.
which was written in the shy smile on Mycroft’s lips, in his fingers tightening a little on Greg’s wrist, in the gentleness of his expression.
“I know you’re a soldier. I know you killed for me and that you can handle yourself in a fight. I never took you for some delicate flower.”
He’ll come to regret his indiscretion, he promised himself, before striding to his dressing room. He briskly opened his wardrobe, choosing with no hesitation whatsoever the poshest suit he owned. He wasted no time getting dressed before putting on impeccably polished shoes and calling for his driver.
“Not quite, to tell you the truth. My… ego has been battered tonight and while it’s nothing major, it’s going to take quite a bit of time to patch it up.”
“Absolutely sure, Mrs Hudson,” he hastened to interrupt her. “I’m afraid you’re stuck here for the next two weeks. And that’s a minimum, mind you.”
Lost in the powerful orgasm roaring through his whole body, he barely heard Sherlock groaning his release.
He groaned when he glimpsed the hot pink hearts strewn everywhere, the glitzy banners fluttering above their heads and he couldn’t help but snort when he discovered the company’s motto on the little (hot pink heart-shaped) label on which he had to write his name before pinning it to his shirt.
Although, if he has correctly judged the blush on Will’s cheekbones when John has asked him earlier if he would mind not taking part in the Dating Game, the man may have cottoned on to John’s intentions.
During a second he was tempted to phone Lestrade and tell him everything. Only the fear of being laughed at – the memory of derisive “Freaks” uttered by Donovan made him cringe – held him back.
“Hush! Where’s your sense of adventure, doctor Watson?” Sherlock replied as he impatiently put his shoe on John’s knee, ignoring his protest – “You could have wiped out your shoes before, you know!” – hauling himself up in an apparently effortless move onto the wall’s top.
He hated how his voice betrayed his inner turmoil, sounding more like a teenager’s, unsure of himself and what he was feeling, than the grown-up’s he was supposed to be.
“I’m touched, darling, truly. To obtain this title, which has until now been reserved for Mycroft… You’re spoiling me.” Her voice suddenly lost her teasing tone. “Stop whining like a baby, your case of blue balls isn’t worth it. The quicker you help me, the quicker you can finally get your leg over.”
Maybe he was trying to win some idiotic bet made with his colleagues- but in this case, he would have made his move in a more public setting, Mycroft thought, thus killing two birds with a stone – winning the bet and humiliating me in the process.
Mike rolled his eyes before grasping John’s wrist and pulling him forward. The gesture was so sudden John nearly stumbled against the (hot pink heart-shaped) table. Good thing he has got rid of the bloody walking stick, he thought, before protesting.
“When you kissed me in there… I felt like it was Christmas and my birthday all in one, you know. But then I realized I haven’t talked to you. I haven’t told you what I wanted from you. And getting physical right from the start, taking the other’s feelings for granted and believing he has the same intents as you? Not a mistake I’m willing to make. Not with you.”
But he could admit that if Will was sitting in front of him, staring at him with this clear gaze John had admired when he has talked to him earlier, he would have ticked the box “Want to keep in touch with” in a heartbeat.
“You were speaking of this art historian,” she said as if there had been no interruption, “who claimed the Mona Lisa was based on the portrait of Da Vinci’s male lover. In relation to this, I made the mistake, when being interviewed on that matter, to say that yes, it could have been plausible. After all, we know so little about Da Vinci’s personal life, there have been so many assumptions about the Mona Lisa… so why not? Of course, as for every theory in the artistic world, it should be corroborated with solid, tangible proof. I didn’t think anything of it until I received a call from my brother. He seemed to have considered this little speech of mine as a challenge to him.”
If every gesture he made, any habit he had has been caught on a camera concealed somewhere, analysed by the reptilian gaze of strangers, who maybe were directly involved in Sherlock’s downfall.
Greg couldn’t deny it was an efficient policy to apply in most cases, people being visibly shaken up after their first encounter with Mycroft, grumbling a bit for their dignity’s sake before they complied with his wishes.
“A patently obvious homophobe using a safe marketed by the family of this infamous law’ author? Can’t really be a coincidence… John, can you look on your phone when this has been implemented?”
Except for the last time, during which he has apparently caught Sherlock off guard, in a rare moment when all his defences were down.
Sherlock bit his lip. Should he take another risk and come clean to this man who has so far always managed to surprise him? Should he lie and divert the conversation onto more neutral subjects?
“Oh.” John remained silent during a few seconds. Sherlock glanced at him out of the corner of his eye. His companion seemed deep in thought, his fingers absently stroking his chin. He had nice hands, Sherlock noticed, a strong and steady grip.
“Easy, doctor,” he whispered against John’s heated skin. “I’m afraid I can’t do without your expert skills tonight…”
Reaching the threshold of the flat, in which he could hear the sound of running water and some choice words as well – it seemed that it wasn’t so easy to get rid of the blood – John frowned, thinking of this metaphor.
Sherlock let out a loud puff before abruptly turning his back on him. But John caught him mumbling “And they said I’m the one not paying attention to social cues…”
My love for you has been for a long time a thorny, painful feeling. Piercing my heart when I least expected it. I never managed to get rid of it. I didn’t want to, in truth, even during the dark, gloomy days following your death.
“Yeah, I know,” she said with a worried little sigh, which made him feel suddenly an inch tall. For a moment, he was afraid she would insist again on having a “chat” with him like she has tried more than once in the immediate wake of Sherlock’s death.
“To get the same result as you, you mean? How could you say that! Can you just imagine how awkward your next meeting with Mycroft is bound to be?”
He sprinted up the stairs, ignoring the pain in his right left, having only eyes for the tall man who was so effortlessly edging his way through the flow of commuters.
Relief washed over John so strongly he was almost surprised by this intensity – has he never realized how worried he has been over Sherlock?
“And that’s exactly what I’ll do. Fucking you until you’ve screamed himself hoarse, until every neighbour of ours has heard you loud and clear, until I’ve marked you so thoroughly as mine everyone in London will know it!”
“I sometimes bake whenever the opportunity arises,” Mycroft mumbled as he looked at the bacon sizzling in the pan. Greg suspected baking wasn’t the only thing Mycroft was enjoying doing in his kitchen but he preferred to keep mum about it, taking the opportunity instead to slip inside his bathroom and getting ready as fast as he decently could. Thank God his hangover was mild. He put on jeans and a blue sweater which, according to his sister who has offered it on Christmas, “brought out his eyes” and hastened to join his guest in the kitchen.
Anything to prevent her from walking to Molly and telling her she would be willing to let her explore as much as she would, provided it was with her and no one else.
“Seriously?” Harry cut him off with a chortle. “Are you even listening to yourself, Johnny? We’re not ten anymore. Believe it or not, “trying to get back at you” as you said is not on my list of priorities!”
Sherlock released her chin – not quick enough though that Joan couldn’t see the slight tremor in her fingers.
He rubbed his tired eyes before reaching out for his mobile he has left on the coffee table. But before he could press the “Call” button, the phone stopped ringing.
He realized – too late – that he has shouted, effectively “making a scene” as Mycroft would have said. Every head turned in his direction. Every gaze peering at him, asking what was wrong with him.
“You’re not going to ask me if I’m okay with you being bi, right? Because it would just be insulting, mind you.”
“Come along, John!” Mike cheerfully replied, still dragging him along in his wake. “You never got lucky making eyes at someone from afar, so do muster some courage, we’re going to speak to him!”
Relentless desire was buzzing through his whole body, but John found the necessary strength to rein it in as he picked another beloved fantasy of his.
“Yes, if what he said is true. But you don’t understand Serge’s motives in doing so. (She turned to Sherlock.) Can you please translate the rest of the letter for your friend?”
He was lying down on his sofa. It was rare that slumber found him like this. Usually, he had time to eat one of the meals which were stockpiled in his fridge, nicely ordered according to their expiration date, and to get ready for the night before slipping under the sheets of his double bed. He frowned – it wasn’t like him to behave in such an unusual manner. Ignoring the painful reminder of what happened today – nothing important has occurred, he ordered to his brain, which didn’t seem to have got this particular memo – he sat up.
The mirthless laugh which followed confirmed what he already suspected. John stopped walking, unsure as how to behave. What has happened between these two?
“Besides, Detective Inspector, I don’t think the criminal cases you’ve currently got on your plate could truly arouse Sherlock’s interest.”
Dave must have made a mistake. Or the camellia, for all its red loveliness, has another more scientific – or more strategic – meaning.
“Another day maybe. There’s only so much stupidity I can stomach in one day and I’m afraid the discussion this afternoon with our Russian counterparts was the latest straw.”
I promised I would finish this, didn't I? :) But fear not, I still got some adventures in store for our boys before ending this story. In the meantime, enjoy!
“Fine!” Sherlock cried out. “Leave me here on my own, then! You’d better go now, you wouldn’t like to be late for
John moaned his name and it took every ounce of Sherlock’s self-control not to back him against the wall and to ravish him. He pulled back instead just enough to see John’s face. He didn’t let himself be distracted (much) by John’s hungry gaze or the way he was staring at his mouth.
Even cursing against his own stupidity didn’t distract him from the overwhelming silence spreading around him.
He closed his eyes, tried to focus on his last exchange with Mycroft and the heavy hint his speech has contained.
Her friend didn’t reply, holding her a bit tighter. Not that Joan intended complaining about the stifling embrace. On the contrary, she fully enjoyed the feeling of Sherlock’s tall, lean body against her own. It was an overwhelming experience, being so close to her and wanting so much more.
Why, indeed, he mused as he peered again at the sleeping form of Lestrade – Gregory, his mind rebelliously provided. Gregory who was currently softly snoring, lips parted, sprawled in the armchair where he has suddenly collapsed in the middle of what Mycroft has judged as a bloody good snog. A snog, he thought sourly, which certainly should not have been interrupted by a bout of drunken sleep.
“No, no!” SH protested “I didn’t lie! I swear to you, everything I told you in my texts was true. I just…”
How could he have let himself believe that such a display of affection would have been welcomed by John Watson? Cheeks burning with embarrassment, he let go of John’s fingers, still caught between his, and tried to pull away. It was all right, he told himself, they could both forget it has ever happened and…
He was nuzzling Sherlock’s graceful neck, promising himself that next time, he would mark this pale skin with a glorious love bite, when he heard “John?”
“Yes. They deduced it will open with… Oh, I don’t know any more how it’s called, it’s a well-known sequence of numbers by mathematicians and…”
“Oh. That’s lovely”, John replied, already wondering how he could get rid of the old codger before he tried to tell him his whole life.
“You’re sure you’re not ready to try something else?” Ross asked. “A little spoon of honey can go a long way in sweetening your daily life!”
You ruined me, played with my heart and trust, forcing me to watch you falling from this thrice damned building before appearing again suddenly, smiling like your death has been nothing but a great joke to my expense.
It was a whole different matter with Sherlock, however. The man who declared himself “married to his work” and proudly stated that “sentiment is a chemical defect found on the losing side” was the same one who fought tooth and nail to ensure that his landlady would never have to see again the face of her former husband.
“I learned from the best,” he retorted, giving her a conniving wink. “So, do you agree? Shall we shake hands on it?”
And he also found out that, if everyone was using Sherlock for one purpose or another, the detective was using them just as well in return.
He was content enough to play the role that Sherlock has knowingly set up for him and then he waited.
Sherlock steeled himself for another version of “It has been nice meeting you but now I have to dash off so goodbye”.
Sherlock first stared at him, surprised and a bit astonished. But John saw his expression change, mirroring the one John knew was written all over his face.
“Of course, I’m going to miss your company. Would have been nice to see you at your best, all dressed up. I might even have been tempted by some… quality time in a closet or elsewhere.”
Sherlock didn’t waste any time, crawling on her hands and knees on her bed like some feral cat which has got free.
He clenched his umbrella’s handle in both hands, gripping it like a drowning man clutched a lifeline.
At this moment, John wanted nothing more than drawing Sherlock into his arms, hugging him until there was no doubt in Sherlock’s mind that John was as involved as him in this newfound intimacy quickly evolving between them.
“No. They were… interesting. A bit mad, to be honest, especially when you speak about your experiments.”
“Feeling maudlin, Sir?” Anthea asked, casting a puzzled look in his direction. “Should I see on Twitter which latest idiocy our beloved friend Trump posted today and read it to you?”
“That’s not…” Sherlock angrily started before stopping. Out of the corner of her eye Joan saw her friend nervously running a hand through her mop of curls. Time for the hairdresser, she absentmindedly mused, even if she did like it in this state – a bit longer and more disheveled than usual.
John could only stare first at his lover, then at Greg, who was himself completely sober and who has smirked at him.
Of course, in the immediate wake of Sherlock's fall and demise – in which he has never believed, thank you very much – it was easy to pretend.
He swallowed hard. It was obvious he was quite inexperienced in the art of apologizing and Greg was unexpectedly charmed by it.
“Maybe. (He gave a loud sigh.) Moriarty might have killed himself, but his network of minions is still active, you know. Even if they recently suffered heavy losses.”
Touch his warm skin, touch his wrist and feel his heartbeat under his fingers, touch his face, his fingertips brushing against the outline of his scalp, his cheeks, his nose.
She covered her mouth with her hand, in a desperate attempt to muffle the scream growing in her throat.
“You all right?” Harry suddenly asked, raising one eyebrow in concern. And this gesture was so familiar, reminding him of all the times Harry has been there for him, watching over him, lending a sympathetic ear to all his pre-teen troubles, that he could have wept right now.
And it has backfired spectacularly – a slip of his tongue, which has raised Sherlock’s hackles and rendered the whole lot of Yarders tongue-tied and wide-eyed. The only advantage of this has been Anderson looking ill.
and in the meantime... Why don't you enjoy an AU, slightly angsty (with a happy ending) story? Consider checking my other WIP "He's looking at you... again" - http://archiveofourown.org/works/13614678/chapters/31257855 :-)
John barely heard Mrs Hudson’s description. He was sure it was amazing, but how could he focus on Sherlock’s words while every sense of his got slowly but surely inflamed under the man’s touch?
And the sudden possessiveness in his voice warmed up John enough that he had to smother a besotted smile.
Sherlock’s gaze was shining with so much affection Joan could do nothing else but reach out and holding her close.
“It’s not really my project, you know, we have a committee comprised of eleven members and we take decisions together. Everyone gets to say his piece, it doesn’t matter if you have been a member for two years or two months…”
He didn’t know where his footsteps were leading him until he found himself setting foot in Regent’s Park. The familiar sight elicited from him the shadow of a smile and he quickened his pace, ignoring the handful of insistent looks his Belstaff – or was it something on his face? He could never find for sure – seemed to draw. The park has become his new lair immediately after he has moved in Baker Street. Thank God he has remembered Mrs Hudson’s address after moving so suddenly out of his former flat. The unexpected bonus was, besides Mrs Hudson’s clear joy at being able to mother him as far as Sherlock was willing to allow it, the fact that Mycroft didn’t find out until three days after Sherlock has moved out.
The soft voice, which has befuddled his mind and roused long-buried desires, was back and Sherlock felt himself powerless against its power.
He didn’t yet know what has come over Greg for behaving in such a manner towards him, but no worries, he’d suss them out.
They never recognized the importance of the man who has saved their own little lives a thousand times over without them being aware of that fact.
“I should have said it when we were alone in our flat, after I told you how much I… I appreciate you.”
Irene gritted her teeth. She would put this piece of shit under lock and key – with or without Sherlock.
Their half-dressed state was driving her crazy. She wanted Sherlock completely naked, finally discovering her body in all its glory, from the long legs to the soft curves of her hips she could feel through the thick fabric of her trousers.
Sherlock snorted. He would have paid to see the face of the representative of the very conservative – and heteronormative to boot – company
Satisfied with this decision, he was about to go to the bathroom to perform his usual ablutions before bed when the “Troublemaker” ringtone echoed again.
“I don’t want to disturb you…” he heard himself babbling in a voice which made him cringe internally. For God’s sake, can he behave even more like a fool?
Looking up, Joan saw that bright smile disappear in a flash and annoyance briefly shining in Sherlock’s gaze.
and he has last seen Sherlock just before Valentine’s Day. Not that John was counting of course and…
Joan was about to nudge the door open and noisily announce her presence – another trick to get rid of the client who was clearly overstaying his welcome – when she heard
“And when I considered you’ve cried and begged enough… Oh… I will pull my zipper down and pull my cock out. I will be as hard as I am now. You will raise your hips, begging me to fuck you…”
A bright smile creased Irene’s lips. She released her chin to pat her cheek, like a mother cheering her child.
Constantly looking for one another, helping each other, caring for each other in such a way that left him baffled and quite a bit jealous – something he spared no pains to conceal from everyone and especially his brother.
Sherlock’s heart gave a lurch as he recognized the various emotions warring against themselves in John’s gaze – fading hope and increasing resignation, with a hint of bitter disappointment which hurt Sherlock the most.
“Shhh. It’s all fine. Really. (In the darkness, a large hand finds one of his, holding it tight.) Trust me.”
“Let’s face the facts – in one way or another, everyone uses Sherlock for his own purpose. Even his brother does!”
He loudly swore but before he could hang up, the ringtone was replaced with the fucking poshest voice he has ever heard “Oh, hello. I wasn’t actually expecting your call but… What a pleasant surprise!”
“Why did you come here?” he broke the uncomfortable silence between them. “Was it just to try to get back at me or…?”
“The magic of love.” John finishes the sentence and the head for their snowman. “You ready to help put his head on?”
John hands it over, placing his flat palm over the file folder on the table. “I want to know everything Sherlock, no holding back.”
An hour and a half later, John is not to be found when Sherlock goes to check why John has been ignoring his last few texts. There are clear signs of a struggle in the alleyway and what looks like one of John’s loafers. Near the shoe is a broken, bloodstained, pine board with blond and silver hairs on it. In desperation Sherlock tries to call John on his phone, it rings out and goes to voicemail. Next call to Lestrade, then showing just how desperate he is, Mycroft.
“I know just the place. Follow me north on 101 and take the first Cloverdale exit, I’ll meet you at the Chevron gas station if we get separated. I won’t answer a text while driving but if you need me call, the car has Bluetooth.
We rinse and turn off the spray. I grab a towel and dry myself and turn to help Sherlock do the same, running my fingers through his hair to settle the curls.
“When we suspected Mary would run and we put the tracking device in the AGRA flash drive I hoped we would not be able to find her. I couldn’t trust her after all the lying she had done. Who did I marry? Were we truly married if she was using an alias? AJ was the final straw for me… I had enough lies. At that point I was not sure how I could safely leave Mary, I was afraid she would shoot you again if I came back to Baker Street. After she was shot, I was a fucking bastard to you again and I’m not sure why. I didn’t grieve for her the way I did for you; it was much harder to lose you.
As we are cuddling on the couch, Sherlock has his head on my chest rubbing gentle circles on my stomach “Will you marry me John?”
“Since I watched you guys walk away side by side that night.” Tilting his head to the side. “You two were giggling, happy. I’d never seen you that way with anyone before. I decided if Anderson couldn’t find any evidence as to who was the shooter, I wouldn’t say a thing.”
“Thank you John.” He reaches over to the nightstand and hands me an ice pack, one of our larger ones. “For your shoulder.”
“Mrs. Hudson will keep her in check. Besides we made a list of everything we might need. Surprisingly we had the ingredients the recipe the internet recommended for gingerbread construction.”
“Oh for God sake! Right, I can give you a ride.” Glancing over at the frown Sherlock is sporting “I drove my car, not a panda. Wait here, I’ll bring it around closer.” Lestrade quickly walks off toward the main street.
“It’s ok Greg. We were both idiots thinking the other wasn’t interested in anything beyond friendship. So, who won?” I ask again.
Sherlock is at my side. “You promised you would not show up drunk Harry!” he hisses furiously at her.
“Donovan, why don’t I…” the male officer starts to say, stepping closer to the Doctor reaching for the ring of keys.
John finds himself the calm one in the situation for a change. “Boys, please. Mycroft why don’t you start from the beginning? Are we in any danger?”
To her credit she shrugs and leaves to return with a lidded plastic cup and a gown for him to change into. “The bathroom is over there.” She says pointing across the way.
I have been bouncing Rosie on my hip, she seems very happy with the noise and destruction so far. As Sherlock comes over to take her from me, she reaches her arms out for him. The answering smile on Sherlock’s face makes the pain we’ve been through to get to this point worth it. I must have a besotted look on my face as Sherlock gives me a quick kiss on the lips.
“Mary did say your Mum gave up her career to raise children.” Muttering lower, under his breath, “About the only information she did share.” Pinching the bridge of his nose, headache threatening.
Looking from John to Sherlock in mild shock. “He didn’t tell you? John was valedictorian, best in our class by a huge margin. Straight A’s, tops in every subject... All the department heads wanted him. I was extremely lucky to have him as a dorm mate and study partner, he made me work harder. I wouldn’t be where I am today without him pushing me to do better.”
“Brilliant! We have a time and venue. We should send out invites as soon as possible. You should let Jorge know the time as well… he may need every second!” I chuckle and open the jar of pureed vegetables for Rosie.
The Sydney Opera House was exquisite in its detail. Its box also contained a small stuffed koala bear wearing a tan jumper. The small stuffed penguin toy from Madagascar was a surprise.
The mysterious stranger raises the knife and lunges toward the bed as John forces himself to roll to the far side. John’s not sure whose curse is louder as he gains his feet and grabs the dressing gown he wore earlier off the end of the bed. Wrapping the housecoat around his left arm as protection from the knife. With a shout, John launches himself at the man who stabbed the mattress where he was just lying.
“John you are luminous as always!” He gives me the smile he reserves for only me. It’s beautiful, I relax further.
Filling the kettle and turning it on. “Fucking Harry!” Growled low, leaning on his hands against the counter.
He was greatly relieved at finding two lidded buckets in one corner. One containing stale water. The other is no longer empty after having had to eliminate his bladder.
In the kitchen, John opens up the refrigerator. Mrs. Hudson must have gone shopping before they came home, they are well stocked with vegetables, including carrots and celery, and they have ground beef. “Sherlock, is there any tomato paste in the cupboard behind you?”
We went down to Sussex, near Eastbourne, to investigate a duck, or rather ducks. Yes, you read that correctly – ducks; quacking birds with feathers that lay eggs. Victoria Parker raises prized Eider ducks, known for their exceptional quality of down feathers. Once a week, something was getting into her pens and removing two or three ducks only to have them returned the next night without a down feather on them. She set up cameras only to have them taken down or broken, no matter how well she hid them. She contacted the local police who were flummoxed and outsmarted for several weeks.
Sherlock has me text Greg with our location but took off chasing one of the suspects before NSY arrives with reinforcements. I lose sight of them as they go around the corner between two warehouses. As I follow everything goes black.
I command “Hold the lock still.” I turn the key and remove the lock. “In the shower, wash the cage and yourself thoroughly. I want you clean enough to eat off of boy.” Captain Watson is aroused.
“Mycroft can marry us, he’s a bureaucrat it’s what he does. John? John, breathe for me!” He places Rosie on the floor and takes my hands “Look at me John. There is no need to panic, everything will be ok.”
As I reach the kitchen, Sherlock states without preamble from where he is sitting with his back to me while playing with Rose, “Kevin emailed, he has a boarder, a Joseph Connelly former Navy. They met through Sheriff Thomas Allman when Kevin went to collect the gun you shot Kidde with.”
Sherlock pauses at the top of the stairs, but doesn’t turn around. “What now John?” sounding defeated.
“All right, calm down.” John kneels down to her level as Sherlock squats down next to him. “I don’t want you to be disappointed if our snowman doesn’t come to life.” Daddy John calmly starts.
“But one day, everything started to change, for the better. That was the day Sherlock Holmes first met Doctor John Watson. Sherlock and John, true love is not always that easy to come by. That's why when it is found, it's all the more special. I look at you guys, and I see true love in abundance. I love and respect you guys. And I truly mean that. If things get hard, just remember how happy you were on this day, and always see each other the way you see each other right now.”
Their hostess was waiting for them on the mansion’s threshold. Sherlock took in every detail about her at once – the impeccably done fair hair, falling in gentle waves on her shoulders; the confident way she was holding herself; the faint amusement shining in her clear gaze as she met his eye.
John abruptly stopped to spread butter on his toast as he was reminded of the young man’s warning the night before.
Fortunately for her, she had the pugnacity as well as the diplomacy the job required, combined with an uncanny ability to detect her opponents’ weaknesses and to turn them to her advantage.
Sherlock was doubting himself, getting lost in endless deductions about his friend without obtaining a clear answer.
Breakfast was a quiet affair – not because they didn’t anything to talk about. On the contrary – they have plenty to talk about. Greg was burning with the desire to ask everything what has been on his mind these last days, but he restrained himself, which was quite a feat for him. He who has been described more than once as “charging first, asking questions later” could however see that it wasn’t a good strategy to use with the man facing him, who was absentmindedly fidgeting with his shirt’s collar.
John stopped, suddenly angry with himself. Why has he thought that calling Greg was a good idea? God dammit, he was nearing forty years old, he has survived Afghanistan and being called “Three Continents Watson”, he should know by now how to deal with unwanted feelings! He was being utterly, completely ridiculous and he should definitely apologize to Greg before hanging up and…
Discreetly, so as not to alarm the estate agent who was currently telling their ears off with all the advantages of the brand new flat they were visiting - something Mycroft has insisted on since "they couldn't be left to live in the hovel you're both currently occupying" - he slipped his hand in John's. Squeezed it once. John glanced up at him, his gaze directly focused on Sherlock's.
Sherlock has always preferred receiving texts after all, John thought, clutching the mobile in his sweaty palm.
“You’re right, kiddo and usually I wouldn’t have said anything. (He stroked the back of his neck awkwardly.) But I’m afraid it’s getting quite… a lot for you.”
Sherlock frowned before reaching out, catching John’s belt loops in his long fingers and pulling him gently against him.
And cultivating fruit and vegetables here in the middle of London? He considered it quite a feat – or a bloody miracle!
“He no longer wants to remain anonymous, an unknown “shadow behind his computer screen” like he said in one of his lasts messages… He intends to be in the front row when it comes to experience his victims’ fear and anguish,” Sherlock concluded with a disgusted frown.
Fortunately for his nerves, Hussein didn’t dwell on that, suggesting instead “How about I show you over the place? And then we’ll have a cup of tea in our little hut!”
John smirked. Well, only one way to find out for sure, he thought, already feeling the thrill of the delicious chase awaiting him in the near future.
A true smile graced John’s lips. He took a step forward. Sherlock found himself mesmerized by the way his fair hair glinted by lamplight.
He focused on the first gif, the yew carving. Come to think of it – didn’t it look like a London cab? A thought which made his heart constrict in his chest, as he remembered his first adventure with Sherlock – the woman dressed in pink, lying on the floor, the missing suitcase and the murderous driver…
It was only when he heard a deep breath followed by a mumbled “Outch” that he realized it was too late to flee.
“I want you in my office late one day, when there’s no one around but you and me and that we finally have a bit of time for us. Tell me, Mycroft, do you think you’d enjoy me getting on my knees before I…”
Greg wasn’t sure anymore if they were still talking about his offer or about something else, but he didn’t care very much as he let what was surely a silly grin creasing his lips. Mycroft  first looked at him with amazement in his gaze before attempting to smile back at him. A worthy attempt, Greg considered.
with this man. Maybe he should have been frightened by the intensity of his desire towards someone he has barely met, but he couldn’t backpedal.
“What are you doing?” he asked as he saw Sherlock going past the Clos Lucé’s doors and striding along the wall enclosing the old house and its garden. “Aren’t they waiting for us?”
It was a wonder he hasn’t thrown it against the nearest wall that day, Greg mused as he dubiously peered at the contents of his fridge. If he wanted to drink all night without suffering from the mother of all hangovers come morning, he should eat something, patting his stomach, which was definitely not as large as Bes’, fuck you very much Pam.
And John, who was quite rubbish at learning the easiest steps – until it was for a dirty slow, of course – didn’t waste any time replying “Yes” before reaching out and tangling his fingers with Sherlock’s own.
He gasped again when he felt blunt digits on his arse, slipping between his buttocks until they have found their target.
“Yes, please!” John cried out, sticking his arse out, desperate to finally get the release he so desired.
Looking at John’s determined face, Sherlock sighed. His companion has clearly reached his limit and wasn’t willing to go any further. He took a moment to mourn how quickly the easy going, openly affectionate man has disappeared, leaving in his place this former army captain, who was giving off his best vibes “speak now and don’t give me any shit”.
His feet were already carrying him to the other side of the bar. He desperately needed a break, he needed to think about what has happened and…
Afterwards she might finally be brave enough to do what she has dreamed of as soon as she has met Sherlock…
All these little signs revealing their past, their lies, their bad habits, their dirty little secrets. And Sherlock couldn’t remain silent when they were lying under his gaze, all but screaming at him “Look at me! Look!”
And that was fine, Joan has thought. She has already accepted Sherlock the way she was - her brilliant mind, her unwillingness to observe social niceties, her rash impatience. Every feature that other people – even Sherlock’s own sister – considered as annoying, even horrifying, Joan succeeded in appreciating them.
His blush deepens further while he’s desperately trying to find some excuse to justify his words. Problem is, he can’t find any. And he would love to say the opposite, but he does remember every one of his words. Words which have popped into his mind for a long time, first at random, then more frequently, until they became whole sentences. Sentences that he should never have written it down.
He forgot the very notion of caution when he turned his head in Sherlock’s direction, pulling him closer by his shirt. John tilted his head, tracing a soft kiss across Sherlock’s mouth and enjoying the opportunity to leave him speechless.
“You…” Sherlock hesitated, licking her lips. “You were right. I should have talked to you about it and…”
She barely heard the man she already hated with all her might crying out “I knew I would win you over!”
She rushed towards Joan, who was left speechless by this angry outburst, until she could put her hands on her shoulders.
Had he not been warned by Greg earlier? After all, he has said that a large part of the criminal network put together by Moriarty, come under his yoke, has gathered in London.
Sherlock snorted, relaxing his stance a little bit. He slumped back against the wall behind him, bending a slim leg until he could cross his ankles.
“No need to sugar-coat the behaviour of your friend, Doctor Watson,” she replied before meeting Sherlock’s gaze. “You wouldn’t be here if what little Mycroft has told about my case didn’t interest you, would you?”
He remained silent for a while, strangled sounds coming from his mouth, before giving up. A smile so sharp it was painful to watch bloomed on his lips.
