Dean stares ahead at the front door, trying not to picture the scene too closely and failing. "Did they see you when you ran out?"
"You've made your heterosexuality loud in clear in several instances. I remember you saying, you were not "into that kind of thing" numerous times."
Castiel puts his phone away again.
When he pushes the shirt over Castiel's shoulders, he pauses.
Castiel sits in front of the gleaming TV. He watches the commercial for heart medication with great interest, but he turns it off, once Sam steps closer.
Dean looked past him into the room. It was full of giggling girls, putting their heads together and playing with their long hair, but none of them were his niece.
Castiel is holding Sam's hands and rubbing his thumbs over his palms. It looks like he's sanctifying him. Or if he's about to say a charm.
"I wasn't. I -"
Dean nodded.
Castiel just frowned. The way he stood there, trying really hard to interpret Dean's comment correctly, brought another smile to Sam's lips.
Dean snorted, but put down the beer bottle, and held out his arms.
"He’s singing."
"Why should she be speaking Enochian?" Sam stretched out his arms. She broke away from Castiel and walked towards him with uncertain steps. He lifted her onto his lap and she immediately nestled her face against the crook of his neck. He stroked over her soft dark hair. "Are angels born with the ability to speak the language?"
»So you haven't heard from him in a while?«
But he'd still expected Cas to lift his head, to greet him. He'd longed to hear his own name in that dark serene voice. To hear one of the many ways Cas would say
He's panting and half-hard inside his boxer shorts. The sweat on his forehead is cold.
"He was crazy. That doesn’t mean anything."
Charlie put her hand in the air, her head still in Sam's lap. "Come on," she ordered.
"I’ll take a coffee as well, thank you."
Castiel shook his head, his arms still wrapped around Dean. "It's a miracle that you kept her from leaving for as long as you did."
"Hey, Jody." Sam smiles a lopsided smile. "I'm okay. Just feeling a bit drained." He laughs at his own joke. Castiel holds onto him even tighter. Jody looks even more worried.
Jody is everything but convinced, but she drops it.
"You kill people!"
Sam recognized this tone. It sounded like he wanted to apologize.
"Right." Sam turns back to the front of the car, a contemplative look on his face. Castiel asks something else and manages to draw him out of his funk a litte. The two of them continue to talk a little about the likelihood of teenagers being able to steal angels grace and knowing what to do with it.
Dean shrugged. "I don’t care."
As Dean turned around to leave, so did Charlie, running after him like an eager dog.
He knew that Castiel spoke Enochian with Charlie when they were alone. A few times Charlie had tried talking it with Dean too, but she had quickly gotten around to the fact that not only did Dean not understand her, but he also grew irritated by her attempts. So when Dean was around, Castiel only ever spoke English with her.
"I don't think that would be possible."
"Right."
"I am sorry to have disappointed you."
A look at the menu confirms Sam’s suspicion about this being more of crunchy 70s health café. He’s surprised Dean doesn’t want to leave. He has a low tolerance level for this kind of things.
Aletheia seems to take the other woman in for the first time. Something about her seems to puzzle her. "Are you a hunter too?"
"Yeah," Sam says and frowns, unsure where Dean is going with this.
Sam followed him.
"I'm trying to remember his exact words. Maybe I misunderstood." Another head shake. "I was saying how cute you guys were, which in retrospect was a little presumptuous." She cringes and hides her face in the crook of her elbow. "Oh God. That's so embarrassing. But why didn't he just correct me?"
"You think they conjured up a second one?"
There's an email from Jody, asking if he's okay. If they got anything new. Like she's not talking to Sam every day anyway. But he hits the reply button and starts typing. He types more than he ever remembers writing to her in an email before, a whole page of stream of consciousness thoughts. He writes about manual labor, about the thrill of hunting, of feeling like your existence mattered, if only for the tiny second you got to save someone. He does not re-read any of it before sending it off. Dean closes his laptop, puts it beside his bed onto the dusty floor. He feels a little antsy, motivated for… something. If they weren't already on a hunt, he'd go out and find one. He picks up his laptop again. There has to be something he missed, something they have overlooked that holds all the answers. He researches until he dozes off with his laptop on his chest. When he wakes, the laptop has fallen to the side of the bed, the screen black. Dean rubs a hand over his face, trying to reorient himself.
Dean looks back at the hotel. Then at Castiel. "I needed to get outside too," Dean says. "I thought I'd drive around for a bit."
"O-kay..." She looks back and forth between them. "You guys want to browse the drinks menu and want me to come back?"
"I think she was too distracted by your need to check on Sam. We can tell her we found bupkis tomorrow."
"And you don't think he's going to ask you how long this has been going on anyway? The longer you keep it a secret from him, the more angry he is going to get that you didn't tell him straight away."
He’s lost track of time. How many days have passed since he’d left Sam in Dean’s care?
Castiel doesn't reply right away, which is a hopeful sign.
There’s a hard thump in Sam’s chest that he knows shouldn’t be there. But he also knows they shouldn’t be having this conversation at all, not here, not now, not ever.
"You want to move out?"
"Ah, yeah, of course I remember: you had to let him touch you because you 'hit your head'."
Dean didn't seem to know who to look at. His gaze wandered back and forth between them, irritated.
He turns her around, moves into her from behind. He bites her shoulder hard. He doesn't draw blood just yet, but he wants to and he knows she wants him to.
Even Sally was having a bad day. She was lying in her bed staring at the ceiling instead of meeting him in the common room as she usually did.
"I don’t know… I guess so."
Dean calculates the parking space closest to their door, in case it still rains when they leave again later. He picks the room key out of his pocket before he opens the door and runs. At his door he realizes the pointlessness of hurrying; he's already soaked head to toe.
"We should check out the place," Sam says.
Sam’s arm leans on the back of Castiel’s chair, while his eyes go back and forth between the screen and Cas’ face.
There’s no emergency brake, no way out at all. There’s only this. Him and his messed up brain. And a fallen angel with a worried expression on his face beside him, watching him cry. And Dean so close on the next bed, that he can hear him breathe in and out, no longer snoring at all. He presses his palms tighter into Cas’, who doesn’t object.
"Yes, she’s probably just homesick. Apparently she got into a big fight with Lila." He shrugged. "You know how children are."
"Of course, I told her about Charlie. Hiding the fact that I have a child would have been such an asshole move. And at first she took it really well too. I think she was kind of glorifying the whole single father thing— ” He suddenly laughed when he thought about enthusiastic she had been. "And well, I admitted that I wasn't exactly a single parent. That I was raising her with Charlie's father, who is my brother's partner, who also happens to helps a lot." He would never forget the look she had given him. "It was all downhill from there."
"I repeatedly asked him if he was fine. Sam promised me we would talk later. He was very adamant about me leaving. I didn't want to fight. I wanted to... do the right thing."
"I'd need to get a few things from the store, though," Judy tells Dean. "Is it okay with you guys if I go and grab some stuff real quick? I'll be back in no time."
"I'm okay."
"I was always worried that my father was right after all. That my place was actually with my family and not at college. That something really bad was going to happen because I challenged fate and took something that was not mine. Like in some Greek tragedy."
"I'm sorry you're feeling so unwell."
Sam’s head lies in Castiel’s lap. They've changed the topic from flesh-eating creatures to… Dean’s not actually sure what.
"And let a case pass you by?"
It felt as if the world had stopped turning for a moment.
"No," Sam says. It feels like lying. "You asked Dean about him not being straight," Sam says. "It freaked him out. And he got angry that I told you. I get it. But it feels strange to keep things from you."
He parks the Impala under an iron arch bridge. It's the sort of place they see all the time. A factory in the background, surrounded by tall unhealthy looking grass and a low horizon hanging over everything. It looks like a place to hunt monsters, not a place where people live. He slams the car door and holds out his arms in question. "Who the hell are we supposed to be meeting here?" he asks.
He smiles.
"It doesn’t matter? Are you insane?" Dean asks.
"I don’t know about amazing." Sam shrugged. "But I guess on a theoretical level it is quite fascinating."
Dean thinks for a moment, while the pencil-pusher is giving him the evil eye. "Well, did you find anything else? Something we missed last night?"
"Who decides who’s bad at dancing and who isn’t?"
"If you’re telling the truth, where is she now?" he spat. "How can I be sure that she is really fine? Why would I trust you, when you've been killing nephilims for centuries?"
It was late in the evening and Dean had only meant to go to the bathroom. He couldn’t explain to himself why he took the other door instead, the one to the former small guest room. It was probably his typical masochistic behavior. The room looked very different from what he remembered, as if it didn’t belong to the apartment at all. Even though it was already dark, the light falling through the crack of the door was enough to highlight the yellow of the walls and the small cot. He took a step inside and was surprised to see he wasn’t alone.
"It’s just…" Castiel hesitated. "Maybe it’s not the best idea that we’re all so very close to each other all the time. Maybe we —"
Sam turned away to the side. "It's difficult to explain."
"I didn't mean to scare you," Sam promises. "I know I fucked up. I shouldn't have made you go without me, I shouldn't have sent you away, I shouldn't have engaged when the hallucinations started. I shouldn't have listened to his threats. I-" He pauses and gazes up through the shield of hair.
Castiel does as he's told, gets up from Dean’s bed and sits down next to Sam instead, who’s turned to the wall.
"Where are you planning to go?" Castiel asks. "Do you want me to go with you?"
"Sorry," Sam had mumbled, after he'd narrowly escaped a bloody ending. At least Sam's presence had distracted the wendigo long enough for it not to notice Dean right behind him. It had been a quick death.
Castiel blinks, catches his breath; Sam wipes the back of his hand over his mouth.
"I just want her to have a better childhood than I had," Sam said when the waitress left. "I want her to be happier."
"You slept with him?" It's just a question of clarification, but Sam still wishes he didn’t have to answer it.
Dean stared at Castiel for a moment before, to his own amazement, he burst out laughing.
"Sam has felt stressed and unwell before, many times, without this particular hallucination occurring. At least, not to my knowledge."
Sam dropped down onto his bed. The short pencil he knew he had to throw away pricked him in his thigh, but he didn't move away.
The implication was obvious: Castiel was comparing their relationship with the one he had had with Dean. It wasn't any wonder he'd do this, after all he had no other point of comparison. And yet, every time he talked like this, Sam's stomach contracted painfully.
"And you like Miles freaking Davis?" Dean's eyes bore into Castiel's. "Hm. I didn't know angels liked any music at all. You never seemed that psyched about it."
The two teenagers are just where they left them. Dean stops next to them, while Sam and Castiel walk out of the basement. Dean and the boy and the girl all watch them leave. Dean is never any good at this. This is Sam's job. What are you even supposed to say to a girl who's just watched her possessed brother die?
"No, you know what? Dean is right." He pushed his hair behind his ears. "First, we need to go home. How am I supposed to be able to talk to you in peace like this?"
Castiel scrunches up his nose. "But you worry about angering Dean all the time."
"Aletheia."
She nodded.
"What?" Sam laughed again.
"What’s that supposed to mean?"
Dean looks away. "Whatever."
"Your old the ends justify the means thing? What about consent, Sam? None of the victims agreed to this. It'd be a whole other thing if they asked for it. But they didn't."
"How is it?" Sam grinned.
»Bitch« he muttered, because he couldn't think of a better reply.
"Sam. Tell me what you think."
"So do you." Castiel replied. His words hit Dean like a brick. "And none of this is easy for me either."
"Well, that’s a problem," Dean says. "We can’t have you walking around like an easy target. You could have died."
"Charlie."
Dean turns to Castiel. "He's still torturing you by going through all his favorite movies with you? He made a list, didn't he? There's gotta be a list."
"What are you thinking about?"
"No, Dean."
"Please. I don't want to fight. I just want my daughter and then we'll leave you alone."
"He would have told me."
She looks at him like he's an imbecile. "Well, obviously, I asked myself that question over and over again. When the love of your life becomes someone unrecognizable, you want to figure out what went wrong… I can't believe it's a mental illness. I would have noticed something earlier." She pulls at the sleeves of her cardigan, and then turns to Sam. "I still wonder if it was something I've done or said."
"No way!" He says, honestly surprised. She looks away, turns her glass in her hands.
"How did he usually spend his days?" Dean asks.
"She's asleep," Sam said. “She was so panicked, I had to give her a sleeping pill.”
He looks better than he did yesterday, fresher. Behind him on the bed, Sam is yawning and stretching. His arms in the air, his legs a straight line, a strip of skin showing between his trousers and his shirt.
He nodded, and seconds later felt the energy flow from Castiel's fingers into his spine and the rest of his body. His headache vanished.
Dean returns to the library only moments later, two glasses and a bottle of cheap whiskey in his hands. Sam's slouched in one of the chairs at the table.
Sam looks up. "That sounds like a lot like you are about to say 'but'."
He knew Charlie was working at the UCSF Benioff Children’s Hospital as part of her studies. Dean was amazed at how quickly her time at university went by. Maybe that was normal. He had no idea about college. That had always been Sam’s area of expertise.
"Damn it, Cas! It's always the same kind of crap! Over and over! I'm out trying to save the damn world and you're all in here playing at being a happy family." Dean breathed heavily. "Don't you get what that feels like?"
Castiel starts to get up too, but Sam stops him with a hand on his shoulder. "Oh, I need to take a shower first anyway. You can stay if you want."
Dean shrugged. Castiel knew him well enough to know that he wasn't half as relaxed as he was pretending to be.
Sam put out his hand towards the window; he touched the glass.
"Did you have a good breakfast?" Castiel asked.
"You know I take it black."
Sam shrugs. He watches Dean's face scrunch up in worry.
"Are you not going to eat? You look like you could use some more meat on those bones."
Sam put the menu back onto the table, "I’m not the one getting married."
Sam looked like he was going to argue back, but then the light went out and his face all but disappeared. The curtain in front of the screen was raised until it vanished completely. The advertising began.
"Am I invested in their relationship?" He asks, jokingly, but she doesn't go for it.
"I am very aware. I have no doubt about her love for me. I just think Dean is not entirely wrong that our daughter has an interest in emulating your life. This is not a criticism. I don’t even think it’s necessarily a bad thing, but — "
"Look," he says and when Sam doesn’t look, he grabs his chin and moves it upwards, until he faces him directly. "We’re going to get you showered, and we’re going to get you new clothes, and then you’ll eat a full meal and you’ll finish a whole bottle of beer —and none of that bullshitty two-sips-and-that’s it-nonsense. You got two choices in all of that: you’re either going to do all of that on your own or I’m going to make you. Believe me, if I have to force-feed you, I will. And this here," he points between himself and his brother’s naked chest. "It’s nothing I haven’t done before. Who do you think bathed you as a child?"
Sam’s jaw tightens while his arms go slack. It’s the way Dean looks at him now that shuts him up completely. There’s some worry in Dean’s eyes, maybe, but it’s mostly disappointment.
Of course, he stills knows their friendship isn't very conventional. Who’s to say he’s doing it wrong, though, when there’s no manual for angel-human relationships. There it is again, that sneaky r-word that makes him feel all weird inside. It's not a relationship, it's not.
Dean tips the coke can into the air in agreement.
"Sam?"
»Sam... Sammy, you idiot. There's no me without you. Don't you get that?«
She knits her eyebrows and nods slowly. "Oh, okay. Good, because I swear I really didn't mean to come across as rude."
"Yeah, but back then he was taking care of me as a child, now it’s more like this bizarre old married couple thing."
"No. The last time I made you do that he didn't speak to me for two days... "
"Can I get a coke?"
The muscles in Dean's cheek twitched.
Charlie's bright striped sweatshirt hung over one of the chairs as if she had meant to add a splash of color to this dark house.
"I'm sorry," he says. He means it. "But I'm okay now. Really."
Charlie was wearing a black pants suit that made her look older and more serious. She smiled when she saw Dean approaching.
"Okay. Whatever." Dean sighs and rubs his forehead. "Let’s go then. I need a new, significantly less blood-drenched shirt."
"Yeah. I guess."
Very slowly, Castiel lies down next to him, on his side. He puts a hand onto Sam's stomach and doesn't say anything.
"What's weird?" Dean asks.
»Dean.« Castiel sounded almost scared. »Are you okay?«
"That's not how I meant it at all. It’s nothing like that. It’s just… it’s nice to forget how broken I am for a moment, I guess. It’s similar in that respect."
Dean looks up at the real Castiel kneeling beside him. He tries to smile.
But then there’s Sam rolling his eyes at him in that "You're so dumb but that's just how you are and I'm so not surprised" way. And Dean's not even sure why it's so easy to tell apart from the "I hate you and I can't wait to get away from you" one. But here it is. It feels so goddamn good to see Sam like this —alive, and not rejecting him— that for the moment it seems enough. It seems worth the pain.
"I'm not pulling a face."
When he was young enough not to question things, he had enjoyed the christmases spent with Dean - and the few with John present, too. The colorful lights in the windows of other houses, the excitement hanging in the air, and the way Dean had done everything to make him forget how dreary their lives really were. It had been enough for a while.
"Do you think he's in danger?"
"You keep saying that." Castiel blinks. "But I’m not sure what that even means."
They both lean forward to drink from the milkshake. If it’s a bit of a cheesy move, then so what. Sam doesn’t mind.
"I’m pretty sure Cas can handle it."
He considered fighting, but even he knew how hopeless it was. The angels grabbed his arms and he wondered how he could still feel their strength even though his body had long since died.
He studies Castiel for a reaction that doesn't come. He hadn't noticed how exhausted he looked before. If Castiel were human, Dean would tell him to get a few good nights in. Instead he just asks if he's okay.
"Why do you want to call her?" Dean asks, but he's already pulling out his phone.
The drinks are put down before them. Dean takes his glass, sniffs it and is surprised to find it whiskey. The secretary shrugs with a wry smile and goes for one of the glasses herself. He mimes clinking glasses before he takes a sip. It's good stuff, too.
When they stop for gas, Sam asks Castiel to pick up some coffee.
"Okay," said Garth, "let's all go into the garden. Let's just kick the ball around for a bit. You too, Charlie."
It sounded reproachful to Sam's ears. The "Haven't you noticed?" was implied. Had Castiel become more human? Had the bad Winchester ways rubbed off on him, so that he now mastered their passive aggressive conversation techniques — or had Sam just got better at interpreting him in the past months of shared parenting?
There's a searching look in Castiel's eyes. "I have been asking myself the same question."
"That’s not why I want him back." Sam’s words and the look in his eyes sting. "I’m just worried about him."
"You would tell me if she hadn't."
"We don't want to eat," Sam says, and then looks at Castiel. "Unless you want to."
Castiel puts his hand on the door knob, and then seems to reconsider. He darts forward to wrap his arms around Sam's middle. "Is this okay?" He asks after a beat.
It’s a weird thing for him to point out, and Sam seems to think so too.
Dean felt the pressure go away. Greedily he sucked in the night air. Now that his senses were slowly returning, he noticed that they had an audience. They were surrounded by an array of monsters.
When Castiel appears in the room, Sam is lying on the bed, eyes closed. He’s been trying not to fall asleep. He knows the kind of dreams that come when he’s like this.
"I just don't want her to only know the world through TV, is that so bad?"
"I hardly even got a chance to talk to her." Dean shakes his head. "Anyway, I wasn’t trying to embarrass you."
"What time do you want me to check?" she asks. He motions to the laptop. "Can I?"
Castiel is startled, then his face clouds over with sadness.
"Sam." Cas brushes a strand of hair from his forehead. "Don't go there."
The question seems to surprise Castiel. "I was assuming we would have sexual intercourse."
He thought he'd left the crying behind him by now. He's survived Lucifer, he's been through the worst pains imaginable, physical and mental - somehow he thought it could only get better.
It would have been unfair to accuse his brother of having replaced him with his daughter.
"I'll take that as a yes."
"No," Sam says.
Sam took a final step towards Dean and pressed his index finger into his chest.
It was an unusual situation, unprecedented, where everything immediately felt very right.
He thinks back of when she’d told him. Them lying on a motel bed after they’d had sex, her feet in his lap. He’d bent down to kiss her toes.
"I don't know."
As if to prove his point, Dean had held a handful of snow in front of his own face, sniffed at it and licked it with the tip of his tongue.
"Damn, Cas. Things in Heaven are always shit. Just like they are down here. And if you worry about some stupid angels torturing us, don’t. It’s no big deal. We can take care of ourselves."
"We’ve all done that. We’ve all done shitty things."
"Why, what did she say?"
"So," Sam says after taking a tentative second sip and putting the can on the ground. "Did she tell you anything useful?"
"Sorry," Jason replied meekly. Not for the first time Dean wondered how his niece could have fallen for such a wuss. Sure, he was a prophet and Dean figured bitching about the angels and heaven gave them something to talk about, but apart from that? He didn’t get it. Jason wasn’t even particularly good-looking. Just kinda plain. Like a farmer’s boy.
"What is?"
"And the blood?"
"I know you will."
"You do?" Sam asks, surprised.
This, the deflection from the personal to the case, finally seems to convince Castiel enough for him to nod.
"You evidently found the soda machine," he says.
Dean shrugs, but he's irritated. He throws the next fries into his mouth with ferocity.
"I'm sorry," she says, confused, and pushes a strand of her hair behind her ear in what Sam recognises as timidness. "You're looking for a car? I don't understand how I'm supposed to help you with that."
Sam turns his head around to face him.
Sam considered his daughter. "I'm really happy to see you, too, but why are you telling Lila these kinds of stories? Where did you get that from?"
Castiel sits up and turns to Dean, straightening his tie, before he lets a hand slide through his mussed up hair.
"Your suffering isn’t your fault, Sam. It’s predestined."
Charlie said nothing, she just linked arms with Dean.
"I have no reason to assume he's had any more hallucinations. He hasn't mentioned anything."
Chapter title taken from Gravenhurst's "Trust"
Sam had done it; Castiel’s voice too had taken on an irritated tone. They hardly ever fought. And now, the night before their daughter’s wedding, Sam had managed to irritate Castiel. Still a voice inside his head pointed out that it hadn’t really been him who’d started the argument.
Soon enough, Sam and Cas start talking again, about some French movie they apparently watched together a few weeks ago. Dean turns the volume of the radio up again, The Moody Blues drowning out Sam's questions that suddenly vear into the historical. No one can be that into the structure of Paris in Roman times. ("You've really been to Lutetia? Wow. That must have been breathtaking!" - "I wish I could show it to you, Sam.")
"What happened?" she asks.
They had just left the parking lot, the darkness of the country road filled the car, when her head slumped to the side and she was sound asleep.
"Yeah, but it's important to make some time for a friend you haven't seen in ages." She elbowed him softly into his side. "I'm really happy you came."
"I have limited knowledge of these things. I don’t know if Sam would like me to share these things with you."
He snaps himself out of his thoughts. Jody comes to stand before him. There's two brown paper bag in her arms, filled to the brim with groceries.
"Garth's daughter Lila?"
Why was it so important to him to know that?
"If you can't get it to fit, then you need to - Damn it!” Dean.
"What, you want to sit around and hold her hand until she does?" Dean snaps back. "You take her upstairs. I can’t, I had to bust open the door. Oh by the way," now he glares at Castiel. "Why didn’t you just open the door like a normal person when we rang and called?"
"Yeah, they do."
"Oh, sorry." A guilty expression took over Sam’s face. "Do you want me to help?"
"It’s fine."
Dean parks the car.
He tore himself away from the view from the hallway and opened the door to his daughter's room. Charlie was already in bed, her long dark hair star-fished on the white pillow.
"Yeah, I know you will."
He tried to push the feeling of injustice and despair that threatened to overpower him out of his heart. Charlie had put her face on the smeared table. Her blue eyes followed his every move. Every now and then a sob went through her body.
"Do you think they’re here?" he asked.
He lets go. Sam catches his breath.
"Where are we?" The moment he'd asked, he knew. There was the poster that announced The Golden Apples. He could see the hall filled with chairs through the door, the bar in the corner. "Why did you bring me here? What the hell are we doing here? What's this got to do with Charlie?"
"Even after Dad hit him," Sam says, "Dean still wouldn't let it go. It was really intense. I was scared. And at some point, my father had this knife in his hands... Not a hunting knife, but a kitchen knife. I don't think he meant anything by it, but there was this weird edge to his voice. And he told Dean to leave the room or else..."
"It’s dumb, really."
Castiel throws a furtive glance at the hallway.
"Werewolf," Dean says, waving the question away. "It wasn't that exciting."
"No, you're right," Sam says. "There's got to be something connecting only the three."
“This has never happened to me before," Sam says.
"Because we won't have any food otherwise."
"We’ve already been through this. How many times do you need me to repeat it? She says that’s not what she’s doing."
She slapped him lightly against the shoulder. Then her face grew grim again. "And he always pretends like I'm just human and totally unprotected." Her voice took on a slightly melancholic note. “He acts like I'm gonna die the second I bump my head or something. It's so dumb - he knows I can heal myself in seconds anyway. My grace can't help it."
"It's the most important thing in the world," Dean says. "It doesn't matter how it comes about. Family is family. The one you're born into or the one you chose yourself. Like us. You, Sam, me? That's family."
Dean was glad the case had brought them to Sioux Falls. There was no place that had felt so much like a home, a refuge, since ... well ... probably since his family home had gone up in flames alongside his mother.
Once they're in the Impala, Dean asks what has been eating at him: "What did you tell her?" Sam looks up at him with big questioning eyes. "In your session. You obviously told her about me and Cas. What did you say?"
"Hey." She hits Sam's arm and turns to him while walking. "There's four flatmates and only three of them seem to have gotten, well, sick for a lack of better word. That means whatever happened happened while the guy we just met was away, right?"
"But you’re sure they’re not?"
—You’d think that song was written about us. I mean, it is written about me, I guess. You’re not worth a footnote in music history of course. Hey —you know they’ve written whole rock operas about me? It’s not really my kind of thing, though, human music is so fucking banal. But it’s a nice gesture."
"She's got nothing," Sam says. "And she says hi."
It makes Sam smile, the way Cas carefully puts his lips on the fork, slowly pulling the potato off. He chews and swallows just as slowly, before turning his head to Dean.
"You almost gave her alcohol today. No need to act like I'm a bad father, just because-"
"We're running late anyway."
Him and Cas is what changed, he knows. The thought only leads to other uncomfortable thoughts, so he tries to brush it aside.
"And yet you knew from the beginning how much you were disrupting the natural order, did you not?" She stood up and took a step towards him. "You wanted to get rid of her and you had good reasons to do so. If your vessel hadn't been so strong, it would have torn you apart at birth."
He hasn't forgotten the promise Cas made him give: to take care of Sam.
"Hey, you need to wash these first,” Sam said. "Besides, aren't you gonna have dinner with Dean anyway?”
Castiel’s still standing in front of the bed, stiff and undecided. Now that he’s seen that Sam is asleep, safe and sound, he takes his time.
"I am glad to hear it." Castiel puts his palm on top of Sam’s hand. "I was very much looking forward to seeing you. Your reaction to my arrival confounded me."
"Yeah, let me talk to him for a second."
"I didn't know you could overdose on, I don't know, Chakras." That was lame, Dean knows.
"What then?"
"I never said she should be making this decision right now."
"This tastes great," Sam praised Jason’s cooking and brought another fork to his mouth.
"What's wrong?" Castiel eventually asks. Claiming that everything's fine is tempting, but it's only going to help for a second. It will make Castiel feel worse.
When he doesn’t answer, he’s surprised by Castiel’s anger.
Dean knows his attempt at helping is pretty clumsy, but he figures it has to be better than nothing. Not that Castiel lets on anything.
Castiel looked at him incredulously. "You shot her?”
Castiel nodded. "Yes."
"Dad - but I just wanted-" Whatever she wanted to say got lost in her crying. "I'm so sorry."
»Have you heard anything new from your angel lately?«
"Oh, wow."
"An eternity. That word takes on a whole different meaning when you’re with an angel, doesn’t it?"
But it’s practical to share a motel room when they’re hunting, he tells himself, trying not to take it as a slight. Besides, Sam has to admit, that maybe there’s even something weirdly gratifying about having Dean in the room when Castiel lies down next to him at night.
"He did, huh?"
Sam squirms in his seat and —Jesus, is he blushing?
Castiel smiles.
"Before," Sam says. This conversation feels horrible. With each second that Dean looks at him like he’s getting tired of explaining the ABCs to a child, Sam gets more unsure. "Before I was with you. When it bit you."
»The whiskey?« Sam asked with compassion.
"Dean, what's wrong?"
She pressed her chocolate cream smeared face into his clean shirt. She seemed to eat nothing but chocolate cream on toasted bread nowadays. Once he had tried to take the glass away from her after the first piece of toast. “We’re going put something healthy on the next one, alright?”
"What are you reading? Are you looking for a case?" Sam asks, his head still on Castiel's shoulder.
"What happened, Cas?" Sam asks, all wide-eyed.
"What do you think? That I want to hear more stories from your perfect happy family life."
He can feel the warmth and energy streaming from them, flowing into Sam’s hands, up through his arms and finally engulfing him completely.
Sam tore himself away, mumbled »Merry Christmas, Cas« and turned to leave.
"A ghost hunting a school cafeteria?" Sam asks, when he’s done. "I don’t know…"
"Yes." He nodded too quickly. "Yes, I’d just checked out the bathrooms here." He ran a hand through his hair.
"What do I do now?" The tears on Castiel's hands and cheeks were starting to dry. "Dean, what should I do?"
"I heard you and it sounded like you were in a fight, so I came."
Chapter Title taken from Razorlight's "Wire To Wire".
It's only when Castiel is gone, that they become uncontrollable. It's these times he starts crying silently in his room at night, because fuck it, people you love always leave, they all leave. It's only then, when he thinks that he will never see him again that he lets the love run through his veins and take control over his actions.
Sam puts his hand on the keys again, and is about to start the car, when he thinks better of it. He lets his hand fall into his lap.
"I could have asked you on the phone, but it's easier to see what you really think when I can look at your face."
»But maybe next time you should tell Cas not to be quite so loud. Some people wanna sleep, you know.«
"I was under the impression that you found it distressing when he and I fought. Most people prefer harmony."
"You can't do that, Charlie. You know that. You can't come live with me."
"Yeah." Somehow, this is worse than being asked about Dean. He feels he is going to misspeak and then what? What does he care what she thinks about them, why would it make him feel so uncomfortable?
Castiel copies him, takes off his own shoes, his coat, and even loosens up his tie a bit.
"Shut up," Sam mumbles before going back to his reticent role.
He turns around when he hears footsteps.
"Cas." Dean cleared his throat. "There's something I've been meaning to ask you for a while... If you do find Sam: What's your end goal?"
"You guys wanna come on in, so I can fill you in?" Dean nods. "Are you hungry?"
"I don't care what Sam told you, but I'm not a big fan of whatever it is you're accusing me of." Dean glares. "Not that it matters, but I didn't lie to you."
"Did you tell Dean that you didn't want to go?"
The therapist fingers the lowest button on her red coat, the only one already unbuttoned. "Is she okay?"
It hits Sam. If he’d just followed Dean inside instead of taking a stroll, the girl would still be alive now.
"Did he torture you?"
"Where is my daughter? What have you done to her?"
The woman in the red dress stood rigid where she’d been left and watched the whole scene unfold.
"You've been showing me a perfectly good side of you all day," Castiel says.
"No."
"You don't want me to," Castiel starts, and Sam can already feel the body against his going rigid.
"Angels are never children, not at any time in their lives." Castiel sounded exhausted.
It was so strangely quiet in the bunker without Castiel and Charlie. As if something was missing.
Dean wonders whenever he started being so weirdly okay with feeling like this.
"No no, that's a done deal." He came up so fast that he almost banged his head against the table. "I just thought, well, that maybe we could talk to each other. Like we used to."
"I'm no longer sure whether we're talking about Charlie's grace and her safety, or whether you're referring to our break up."
Sam stood up straight. He didn’t want to do this.
"Of course I'm fit to hunt!"
He lets go off Cas and stumbles backwards, before he hurries off to get dressed.
He wonders how he ever managed to sleep like this.
It made him feel unfamiliarly helpless, knowing how much power Castiel yielded over him. He loved him with every fiber of his being, and that was why there was no one who could hurt him as much as he could. Well, almost no one.
There’s something that feels very absurd about an insecure angel. Castiel not understanding why Sam would want to spend time with him is such a strange notion, that he needs a moment to let it sink it.
And if bad things happen then, it's your own doing, isn't it? When bad things happen because of choices you've made-
Castiel reacted for the tiniest moment, before he drew away and shook his head. It wasn’t exactly a surprise to Dean, but it hurt anyway.
He let her help him up.
Castiel threw him a smiled a little. "I didn’t mean to interrupted your story. You wanted to report on a terrible date that was initially less terrible than you thought. ”
"What is it like, to know you're the one responsible for the misfortune of those close to you? You know what he dreamt about, right?"
How excited he'd been. His hands sweaty. Tongue-tied. Meeting a real life angel. The one who’d saved his brother, even. What an honor, what a magical moment.
"Maybe she’s just trying to be happy and find her way in life." Sam propped up his head. "Is that so bad?"
»That was weeks ago. We don't need your help anymore.«
He set the water as cold as possible and let some of it run over his forehead.
"It is not my place to meddle.“ Beth took the plate that Sam had cleaned and rubbed it dry with the towel. "But don't be too angry with Castiel."
A white-haired patron exits the diner, leaving his newspaper behind.
"She is
Even after changing the position of the seat, he feels cramped and almost clownish. His limbs too long and his head too close to the ceiling. He drives fast, outside the city limits, just to make sure. The tank is almost empty, so he has no other choice but to stop. Inside the gas station at the counter, he keeps watching through the glass door for anyone who might be approaching the car. The clerk chews gum and smells like he fell into a tub of perfume with a heavy flowery note. He doesn't say anything but he gives Sam a funny look once he hands over his credit card. Right. The blood. There is nothing he could say to make him seem less suspicious, so he doesn't try.
"There was a little accident, but she's fine. You don’t have to worry. Really nothing happened.”
"Are you sure you don't want me to help?" Cas asks, his fingers now entangling and detangling in his hair.
"I miss him."
He doesn’t look happy per se, but he does look relieved.
"I know. There wasn’t. Besides, I thought you guys might appreciate some time alone." He unwraps the burger, then looks up at Cas. "Sorry, man." His eyes go soft. "I’m just tired and frustrated. I hate when things aren’t going as straightforward as I want them to. I thought we’d quickly gank a ghost and get out of here. And now everything we’ve got is vague as hell. I wasn’t even sure what I was supposed to be looking for!"
Sam would have preferred to reverse their roles, but Akiko swore she was a horrible liar. She said she would blow their cover immediately. So that's how, only a few hours later, he ends up sitting in a therapist's office.
"Where to?" Sam asked.
He glares at Castiel, who returns it with a sympathetic smile.
"I can ask."
Their fingers touched on Charlie's blanket for a second before they both flinched as if they had burned each other.
"And what do you think I wouldn't tell the truth about?"
"Yes."
"You seem to be in a rush," Castiel says. "I thought our date was going well."
He took Sam’s big hand in his.
"There’s a trash can over there somewhere," Dean says, trying to decide if the shirt still in his hands is inside out or not.
"I know you know." Sam’s voice is hard to read. "He told me you talked to him last night."
"Sam. Sam, are you okay?" He is not sure how to answer this. Is she asking if he's injured? "I'm fine," he says, "but Akiko —" Did he tell her about her at all? No, he thinks. "The hunter I was with, she is dead."
When he had closed the door behind him, he realized he didn't know which father she'd meant.
When Sam doesn’t reply, Dean realizes that’s exactly what happened.
"There was just something about the way they behaved when they came back. I know you know them much better than me, but don't you remember them being…" She pauses. "Off?"
"Is this the fire alarm?" he asks, because that was the initial plan. But the therapist shakes her head, frowning. She gets up the window, panic-stricken but trying to compose herself. "It's my car! Hang on. I'll be right back!" She doesn't turn to him before bolting.
They had anticipated this moment for so long, but the wait today felt different and more acute. What if something had gone wrong after all?
"I’m texting some angels. We opened a chat group called 'Seven Steps to the Apocalypse’.” When she noticed how pale and frozen Castiel was, she rolled her eyes, annoyed. "God, Dad! Have you never heard of sarcasm before? I'm texting Lila."
A few strange hours followed, which Sam spent idly sitting around and watching Dean try to teach Castiel subtleties of christmas traditions. Sam was pretty sure that everything Dean told him about the "perfect roast" and "the right way to put an angel on top of a tree" was stuff he'd only seen on TV. Unless the holidays Dean and their father had spent without Sam, had been drastically different to the ones from Sam's own childhood memories.
"Dean." He grew weary of this conversation. "I'm sure Sam is in heaven. I know it because..."
He just wasn't sure if that was possible anymore. Maybe some things just could not be reversed.
"Hello, Sam," Castiel eventually says and pulls the door close behind him.
"Jody?" Sam asked in surprise. "Jody Mills? Wow, I haven't heard from her in years.”
"Whatever."
"I'm not sure exactly."
"Never mind, it was just something — You're right. It's a stupid idea, there's always going to be new cases and —"
"That would not make any sense. If he loved me, why would he behave so paradoxically?”
There's a second where he considers being angry with her. But when he looks over at her, she's got an open, humorous expression on her face, and he discards the thought. "I guess I should have asked you for an address first, huh?"
"What if she'd want to go to heaven too?" Dean gave him a long, sad look.
"A patient?"
Dean takes a long shower in the tiny bathroom.
"I’m fine."
Dean shrugs his hand off.
"No. We’re looking for a moderately decent motel, so I can take a nice long shower. And then I’m gonna need something real to eat, none of that hippie BS."
Sam is glad he managed to convince Dean to stay in Wichita for the night. But it now seems a strange thought to share a room with both him and Castiel.
Dean presses down harder on the accelerator pedal.
"What are you apologizing for?"
"Are you hearing or seeing someone else right now?"
He hates it, hates him, hates everything about this.
I’m in love with you. You know that, right?
"You know, I’ve only had sexual intercourse in this vessel once."
"You haven’t ruined Charlie’s life," Castiel said. "And your brother doesn’t think so either."
Sam manages to shove him off and takes a step backwards. Nothing about this makes any sense.
He could go for it now. He could tell Castiel that if he's not feeling happy in a relationship, it's better to quit before it gets worse.
And yet-
"So I take it you're not a goddess," Dean says, not exactly apologetic but the aggression is gone from his voice. She's not who he thought she is, but that doesn't mean she's innocent.
"You lied to me! You said you'd just take her to Beth and Garth. I trusted you!"
He got dressed, only to sit down on the edge of the bed again, his face in his hands.
"He will be fine. You don't have to worry about him."
"Of course I don’t." Castiel’s voice is coarse and close to his ear. It sounds like every word is a struggle. "I feel sorry for you."
Chapter title taken from Brigid Mae Power's
»When was the last time he was really doing okay?«
"No, but if you hadn't made me stay in the first place-"
As she turns to go, her gaze already drawn away from him to the floor, Dean suddenly finds himself speaking.
The t-shirt reeks. Dean throws it to the corner of the bathroom.
"Yes?"
"Okay. Awesome."
He really, really doesn't.
"I think I get it," Sam says. "You're not... an angel to me, either."
Something about her smile is off.
"I wasn’t."
He's tired. He's getting too old for all-nighters, let alone back to back all-night hunts with benders in between. He promises himself he'll get a good ten hours of sleep the next time his head hits the memory foam mattress.
Sam tried, he really did, but he was already overwhelmed by her human needs —how could he cope with the angel part in her? How should it not scare him?
He finds his own pain mirrored in Dean’s eyes.
Sam's shoulders were almost under his ears. He slowly turned to face him. "You shouldn't have told her something like that. You shouldn't tell her about any kind of feelings you might have for me."
"Yes, I sleep alone in my own room."
"Sure, but -"
Not that Sam had been getting a lot of non-case related reading in since, well, since college ready. It wasn't even something he could blame on Charlie.
"You don't." Castiel responded to the touches. "Otherwise you would not have accepted this job, even though you don't need to work. And in the evenings you always enthusiastically tell me what you have experienced that day."
He was amazed every time he was in here. It didn't look like the room of one single child, but rather as if ten different people of all ages lived in here. A poster of a teeth-fletching Tyrannosaur Rex hung over the pink doll's corner, and alongside the children's books, there was a stack of non-fiction books Dean wouldn't have picked up if someone had paid him to.
Castiel wrinkles his forehead.
"I don't know."
Castiel steps closer to the table, halting shortly before he reaches Dean’s chair, his hand wavering above the back of it.
"What has happened in the last –" He had to count how long he had been away. "In the last 3 weeks?"
"Castiel," Sam says. It shouldn't still feel so strange to add: "He's my boyfriend." Normally it wouldn't. Not when he's talking to strangers anyway. To people who don't have any preconceived notions about either of them and can see them as a normal couple. More or less.
"Okay," Dean says. "But I don't get why you think Sam would have
"Nothing. I figured another pair of eyes going through my notes might help."
"You wanted to go outside? To what, socialize?” Dean seemed as surprised as Castiel. A grin spread over his face. "You know what? That's a great idea, actually. Hey, why don’t I make it easier for you? I’m gonna think of something fun for me and Charlie to do after dinner, so we won't be back until late, and - ” Sam opened his mouth to protest, but Dean didn't let him interject. "Don't worry about bedtime and stuff like that, alright? She's 10, not 5. And if she can have some fun with me for a bit and you get a few more hours for yourself, it's a win-win.”
"I’m heading to the kitchen. We didn’t stop for food on the way here."
"Hang on, Cas, we should —"
"Do you know what time it is?"
Castiel sat still on the couch.
He remembers a particularly perfect skyline on the top of the Swiss mountains years ago. Maybe he'll take Sam and Dean there one day.
"Monogamous."
"What did you use to think?"
He drags up the corners of his mouth into a tight-lipped smile. "Take care," he says. He's sure he's never going to call her. Pretty sure. He watches her walk back to the entrance of the motel, then he drives off.
"But?"
"I know I can. That’s not what I asked. I’m inquiring about your wants."
Besides, Dean had to admit it was a relief to have someone around who didn't look at him with that damned disappointment in his eyes all the time.
Dean didn’t know where she was going. The important thing was that all the other monsters followed her. They disappeared into the darkness one by one.
He cocked his head and said her name. He hesitated not because he really had to think if he wanted to do it, but rather because he wanted it too much.
"That was Mr. Anderson," Sam whispered next to him. "That’s insane. I took his economic policy class. I figured he’d be over a hundred years old by now."
"I know." Sam nods. "But I messed up, Cas. I know I messed up." Sam stands up, all 6.5 of him looking lost and way too tall beside Baby.
"Do you want to go back and ask him?"
"Do you think something might have happened that made his cage memories re-appear?"
"You should have sent a message somehow."
"I don't think it's the same." Castiel's hand moves over his face and nestles at the back of his neck. You hardly ever get a clearer picture of his nervousness.
Dean nods. "Well, anyway. There's no need to feel bad. It could have happened to any of us. Well, not the angel trap thing obviously, but the rest of it."
Sam loves getting these reactions out of Castiel. Or at least he does as long as he’s not thinking about the fact where these moments lead for most people. Despite what Dean seems to think and his annoying habit of dropping innuendos into casual conversations, they haven't had sex.
Sam doesn't want to finish his train of thought. He puts a hand against the window, leaving a print when he pulls away again.
"I'm not sure if we’re gonna find another one. Let me check. I think you've almost watched all of them by now."
"What
"I’m great!" Sam jumps up and gets a second cup of coffee, putting it down in front of Dean.
"How's the pain?" He asks, as he realizes they’ve been staring at each other quietly for a long time.
But that's been taken away from him. Because, really, he could take his razor now and slash his wrists and that would get him, what? 10 months in hell?
Castiel is sitting in the library, a bunch of books in front of him, when they return.
Dean steps closer to his brother, until he's right in front of the couch.
"How could you have guaranteed her safety? Would you have just flicked him aside if he had gotten his angel sword out, or what? ” Sam clenched his fist and circled Castiel.
"I'm not. It just doesn't make sense, Sam. Think about it. If the guy died of an overdose, how did he manage to hang himself?"
His messages were left unanswered, but he hadn't expected anything else.
"Dinner's ready."
Sam had to laugh again. In retrospect, the story and his misstep seemed so ridiculous, but the rejection had hurt back then.
"You wanna listen to another episode of History of Rome?" Sam asks. "I mean, you probably know all that stuff already. I don't want to bore you."
"You can't know that," Castiel says. "You trust her?"
"That’s pretty much all the reason people need to spend their time together. Also…" He can’t help but smile a little. "There’s so many shows and movies you still need to catch up on. We haven’t even started on the Sci-Fi. And your perfect coffee’s still out there somewhere, I’m sure of it."
"Where did you take her?! If you take her away from me, if you take her to heaven —I swear, Cas, I'm going to kill you!"
So he probably can't kill him like this, but he can hurt him. He can make him shut up.
Not that anything in Bobby's home would have made you think of Christmas anyway. Not unless you mistook the smell of charred meat that hung in the air for the scent of a nice roast.
This generic flowery shower gel is shit. He has to use a lot of it and it doesn't get foamy at all. He squirts the bottle that's fastened to the bathroom wall for a third time now, rubbing the gel into his hair and face, the sweet smell overpowering all his senses.
"I'm very glad you don't hate me."
Castiel is big on free will when it's all talk and big gestures, but Dean is pretty sure he's still most comfortable when there are order and clear rules. When he can just obey commands without having to question them.
Well this, this is bullshit.
Sam tries to think of this as a victory anyway. You can't expect a single blow job to cure all of your issues. Baby steps.
"It's not... it doesn't feel like that. It wasn't like I was having visions. I knew I was hallucinating."
"Hey man, listen, you were the one who didn’t even want to hear Cas out, and now you’re totally eager just because I don’t think there’s anything?"
Dean appears from the kitchen, a grim look on his face.
"What?" Dean finally took off his jacket completely and put it over his arm. "What was what all about?"
Sam doesn't say anything. He's staring ahead, maybe he's only half listening. Then he takes out his phone and stares at that instead.
"Me? Using Cas?" Dean laughs. "I’m not using him. It’s not like I'm even getting many chances to talk to him in the first place, let alone use him."
It shouldn't hurt to see Castiel distraught by Sam's disappearance. Dean is distraught too.
Dean walked to his own room, vaguely aware of Castiel's presence following him.
She had to know who he was talking about.
It’s not completely true. He’d do a lot of things to get his head out of this cloud of blackness, to let go of the feeling of complete and utter inaptitude for just a second.
"Goodnight, Mr. Winch-- uh, Sam," Jason said.
"Dean told me some... He also told me years ago that it was better not to ask about Cas after I made that mistake once. So I'm a little surprised that he came."
Jody puts a hand on his arm. She squints. "It's not like he's your ex or something like that?"
"It’s okay, Cas. Really. I am. And I know I am. But thank you, really, you know, for trying to help."
"Well, you haven't spoken a word to me in over an hour."
"Come inside for a bit." Charlie turned her head towards him and looked at him imploringly. "Please. Please come inside just for a second."
"Yeah, I do. But I also know what you can be like when you think you're doing the right thing, even when it's clearly the one that's gonna cause a lot of heartbreak and misery."
Bobby had fallen asleep on the sofa, his mouth half open, snoring. On the other side of the room, Dean had just managed to adorn Castiel's hair with tinsel. Castiel endured the whole ordeal with a surprisingly stoic calm.
"I'm here now.” Both of Castiel's hands were on Dean's shoulders now, working reassuring pressure into the tensely wound muscles. "It's going to be okay, we will sort it out. I agree that she has to learn to fight back. I just think this has to be done differently and without any secrecy.”
He supposes that’s close enough to the truth.
Again, Sam shook his head. How likely was it to meet someone in a bar in Lebanon who had no problem with the fact that he was, theoretically at least, a monster hunter, living in a bunker with his brother, and sharing custody with an angel. Oh and the fact that he was, in a way, the child's mother. That one too.
Castiel had looked deep inside his soul and had seen something he hadn’t wanted to pass onto a child.
"No," Sam hurries to say. "I meant together. The three of us taking on the case."
A rumble in the kitchen announced that they were no longer alone in the bunker.
"I didn’t know they’d go after you," Dean laments, his voice strained. "I didn’t think anything would happen to you. I wouldn’t have told you to go, if I’d thought…"
She made the mistake of following his gaze towards Dean. The Djinn used the moment to attack her. She barely managed to slip away. He grinned at her challengingly.
"God, I sure hope not." He shudders at the thought. He kills the engine and looks out at the house ahead. "So who are we meeting again?"
"She’s an angel," whispered a woman with snake-like eyes. "I’ve never seen one before."
"I don’t know. The same as you, I guess. Grief work?"
"I made the dough this morning, it’s partly whole wheat."
"Are you really still pissed that I killed two of your monster girlfriends? Is this it? Are you ever going to let that go?"
He stops short and turns to Castiel. "If you got a good reason not to trust her, maybe you should have said something."
She doesn't ask if he's talking about Sam or himself. She doesn’t need to.
The lights went on, fusing everything in blinding white. Sam's expression was strangely soft, as it was before he brought people bad news.
There’s times, of course, when he’s really really not okay.
Castiel nodded and smiled faintly, but Sam’s eyes remained concerned.
Dean had always accused him, half jokingly, of always putting on his puppy eyes if he wanted something. If that was true, then he had definitely passed that ability on to his daughter. He shook his head and then pushed the thought of Dean into the farthest corner of his heart.
"Thanks." He downs the rest of his first drink, and starts on the second. Now the waitress looks at him with pity instead of interest. Well, you can't win them all.
She shrugged. "An ant drank it."
Castiel left his hand where it was, very conscious of the soft, warm skin beneath his, and it took until the middle of an ad for a local Irish Pub for Sam to slip his hand out from underneath.
"Forget it," Dean says. "I just- It’s just been a craptastic day."
“You know, it would have been much easier to just cook something normal. With raclette you end up with thousands of plates and bowls that you have to clean. And you can feed an entire army with the leftovers." He rolled his eyes before dipping his hands into the dish water again and taking another plate out from under the foam layer. "But Charlie asked for it and it is her birthday after all."
He's long gone when he enters the hallway again. He looks around, but there's no clue as to where the thing’s run to. Dean decides to go for the left. Right around the corner he runs into Sam. The real Sam. The one with the right age and height, the one with soft crinkles around his eyes when he looks worried.
"I stayed with you for most of it." He sounds almost apologetic. "Until two hours ago, when I heard Dean clanking with pots and pans. I got up to tell him to keep it down."
Charlie turned to him. "I was glad you were there that night. I was so happy you drove all the way just to see me." A furrow formed on her forehead. “Besides, you only told the truth. If Sam can't stand hearing that, it doesn’t give him the right to send you away. ”
Castiel steps into the kitchen, as Sam continues to talk. "You know, most of the times, when I was a kid, and pretty much for most of the time my father was alive, Dean would just go with whatever Dad would say. Pleasing him, being Daddy's little soldier and doing everything the way Dad asked him to —that was like everything there was to Dean. That and taking care of me, I guess..."
"I guess... Just come here and we can figure it out."
"We should split up," he eventually says. "You find the guy. I’ll check the school grounds."
Castiel watches over him until he’s sure he’s deep in his dreams and nightmare-free. He feels that he should stay here and watch over him, to keep the metaphorical and the real demons at bay.
"No." Sam cut the pie into pieces. "There was a bake sale for charity at Charlie’s school yesterday and I saw they had cherry pie, so I thought of you and bought the whole thing.”
"Is that why you didn't tell me? Because you knew I'd tell you not to go?"
"Oh, no, Dad, you’re not." Charlie patted Sam’s arm.
“You know what? I can't stand to watch this any longer." Dean walks over to the counter and opens the bread box. "This is where the bread goes," he tells Castiel. "You know, the letters spelling out 'bread' on there are kind of a giveaway."
"No, of course not."
The way Sam scooted closer to him said something else. Castiel couldn't help but feeling uneasy too.
Sam releases a small, barely audible sigh.
"They wouldn't even let her into the cinema. Even if they did, I certainly don't want to sit through some French sex scenes with her."
»I'm making snow angels.«
The pizza had started to taste stale then and later when Castiel had grabbed his hand on the way out, Sam had only pressed back briefly, given him an apologetic look, and stuffed his hands inside the pockets of his jacket.
"It must be nice," she says. "Being with someone who's a hunter too. Who understands what it's like."
Dean turned and was not surprised to see Sam standing in the doorway. His brown hair fell over face and covered his eyes. With a few steps he stood next to Castiel.
"He isn’t someone else."
Instead, Dean pins the last vampire to the wall.
»When did you do all this?«
"He's not on anything, Dean. He’s just happy."
"A lot of exams. There are a lot of students under great stress."
"I'll talk to him."
"Claire-"
"Shut up," he says. He’s not sure if he says it out loud. They both hear his voice either way.
"It doesn't sound crazy, it sounds absolutely impossible! I'm pretty sure I've just been kidnapped by some kind of religious Mansion Family thing." His laugh rang shrill. "What exactly are you going to do to me? Cut me open and probe me?"
Dean opens his eyes and finds Cas staring at him.
Sam stands up and grabs his bag. He shakes her hand, and tries not to stare at her naked dusty feet, as she tells him to make a second appointment, to be conducted via telephone this time. He says he'll think about it. He ignores the receptionist calling behind him at first and walks faster until her words register. "Sir? Your shoes!"
Castiel placed his hand upon Sam's hand. "Sam, you don't have to worry. You did nothing wrong."
"You never explained it to me. Why you did it. Why-" Sam drew his hand back from the table, let it it disappear under the table.
But Cas’ hand lingers.
"No!" Dean grunts. "I wasn't bitten. Jeez, how stupid do you think I am? I wouldn't hide that from you."
"Yeah, sure, whatever."
"Yeah, I'm serious." Dean bites his lip, looks up the ceiling and then back at Sam. "Look, I get that you are feeling antsy. But you told me you'd do whatever to make it right. And I just need another second, okay?"
Sam comes to stand beside Castiel's chair and puts a hand on his shoulder. "You're not doing anything wrong, Cas. Try not to take it too personally. I know he makes it difficult not to."
"Well," Dean put both his hands on the table. "That’s a really dumb analogy, but I’ll play. If Sam started liking food he hates, you bet I’d question him about it. But this isn’t about a freaking pepperoni pizza! He lied to me."
But yeah, that is probably more than Dean needed to answer his questions about their sex life. Feeling bad now is so silly. What would he even gain if Sam was still too frigid or cock-blocked by the devil?
Even Sam is a little taken aback by Dean's aggression towards her. It's the first full sentences he's heard his brother speak to her.
"I’ll find a way to help." He looks at him with a heavy, promise-filled eyes. "I will."
"I understand her in a way. The need to stay with you. I was wondering if..."
Sam swallows. A week. Maybe they will be unharmed. Maybe she is right, and it will be good for them to talk. No more secrets.
It’s not like his main takeaway is too far off. Sam does want and need him, a lot. A lot more than he’s comfortable with. But does he crave him more than anything else in the universe?
Again, Sam doesn’t disagree. He stifles a yawn and follows Dean to the car.
"Okay," Sam says.
She didn't laugh. There was something almost horrified in her eyes. “Really?”
"The demon could have told them, of course."
Castiel pulled him up by the hand and back into their room. They both lay down on the bed, facing each other.
"I should go after him." The way Castiel said it, it sounded more like a question than a statement. Sam had almost forgotten his presence. He didn't know why he felt angry with him. Maybe because he hadn't intervened, maybe because Sam was angry with everyone right now, most of all with himself. He managed to swallow down the anger and disappointment and shrugged.
"How did you know where to find us?" he asked Jason
Dean leans forward, forearms on his thighs, and clasps his hands together.
What he told Jody about the lack of overt PDA is true, but it's that's not the issue here. God knows, Dean has seen them being affectionate with each other. After all, it's those moments that tend to hurt the most. Sam absentmindedly straightening Castiel's tie. The hand holding, the more frequent hugs and all the lingering small touches. The way they bend into each other when they're sitting on the same site of the booth —and they're
"Sorry, honey. I have to go." He spoke quickly. "I just got an urgent call. But I'll call you tomorrow, okay? We'll see each other again soon."
It seemed impossible to him that she had grown up so much already. Her room had changed too. There was less pink and no ballerinas or unicorns anymore. Next to her books, her posters of space and her laptop, there stood what Sam had dubbed the 'Dean memorial shrine'. It displayed several knives and even an angel sword Dean had given her. They were laid out in the display cabinet like treasures. She followed his gaze to the closet.
"Nothing, uh-huh, sure. That's why you were out as a light at what – 7'o clock?"
"Watching me sleep, always there in the shadows. Just, uh, stop stalking me, ok?"
"How did it go?"
Jody is almost at the door, when Dean jumps up. "Hey. I just remembered I needed to get some stuff myself. For the cooler. As you said, we got a long drive ahead of us. Mind if tag along to the store?"
When Sam returns, he throws a package of chips into Dean’s lap and puts something that looks vaguely pie-like into the backseat. He opens a mud-brown can with a mustached guy on it, saying ‘Care for a cappuccino?’. It’s probably the least appealing coffee Dean’s ever seen.
Her cowboy boots make an unnerving screeching sound as their metal caps scratch over the floor, as Dean turns her around.
"Oh yeah, because you’re an angel?" Dean raised an eyebrow. "Right, because angels never fight, or get vengeful. Spear me the bullshit. You killed angels, people you cared about for centuries, so how’s that for friendly breakups? Besides…" He trailed off. "Why do you act like it’s weird that I’m curious about Sam’s sudden change of heart. It’s not strange that I’m a bit weirded out by him being someone else than I thought he was?"
"You don't," Dean exhales, "you don't actually miss him or anything like that? Please tell me it's nothing weird like that."
"The hospital." He tried to control the trembling of his voice and hand. "I'm his emergency contact and- " He turned to Castiel. "Dean's had a serious accident. They are operating on him right now." He couldn't keep calm. "I shouldn't have sent him away. I knew he was too drunk to drive. Why did I-”
On TV babies always look cute and they smile nonstop." He took paper towels to wipe up the mountains of mush. He threw them into the trash can.
»We need to be standing right under that thing for it to work« Sam heard his brother say. »I am a bit drunk...«
It's probably a good time to explain some things. "He's not exactly human." Her eyes aren't leaving him. "He's, um, he's an angel."
"Cas?" He asks, catching his breath.
"Who else am I going to ask? I don't have anyone else besides you!" There's a brief moment where they just stare at each other. "I don't have anyone beside you and Sam. I can't ask Sam about Sam. I can't ask him how to act around him, and what he wants. I'm afraid as it is that he will see-"
"Agreement is a big word," Sam huffs. "And why would you get between that by showing me a case?"
"Why?" Dean asks. "You know it's not true, why would you care?"
It was uncomfortable to burst in on them like that. Dean was holding Castiel tight and it seemed like they were about to leave the bunker. Both pairs of eyes rose.
"That’s the girl who works here?"
"I didn't know she was listening, Sam. You gotta believe me."
"I'm sorry, Charlie. This was thoughtless and inappropriate of me."
"A rabid bear in Nebraska?"
Sam felt angry as he stood in the tiny bathroom, taking off his clothes. The plastic shower door rattled as he pulled it open. He turned the heater to the highest setting. The burning water helped a little. At least he no longer felt quite so outside of his own body.
"I need some time too." Sam put the plates back on the table and touched Dean on the arm.
Castiel has turned to him. He stands a foot away and just looks at him. There is no visible emotion on his face, no matter how hard Dean tries to make one out. Didn't he use to look at him with searching eyes? Didn't he use to look at him like he was hoping to find something there? Salvation? Guidance? He's not looking at him this way now.
"No, I didn't. But Dean did."
"Lila’s mom and dad are grownups too."
He kisses her neck playfully. He knows how much she likes to be kissed on that particular delicate part of skin right there. He loves the sound that always, without fail, escapes her mouth when he does it, somewhere between a rumbling laugh and a moan.
If your own life doesn't seem worth that much, it's easy to be a martyrer. If fighting is what you know, and killing is your second nature, then getting rid of monsters is not that impressive. Sam's had a good, solid relationship in his life once before, so he knows he's capable of it. At least a part of him is. A part he hopes still exists, that isn't burnt out of him by the fire that was loving Ruby. Scratched away from being with Lucifer for so long.
"As a blood-drinking monster, you should know best."
Sam's lips twitch. "If that's what you want, then-"
»Night.«
»I think I might be able to stay for just a moment longer.«
"You are still surprised after all these years?"
"I was just showing Cas this website. It’s, um, videos of all sorts of machines and robots and things like that." He scrolls through the site, clicking through more videos. "It just shows you how stuff works. Like this here is a metal shaper. And that’s a rotating grapple on an excavator used to stack tiles."
"I’m not disinterested in your company! And I’m not angry, Cas. Far from it. I-" He thinks of repeating his lie, but decides against it. "You didn't do anything wrong. I still just need you to go right now. It’s not you, it’s... it's me." He realizes what that sounds like. "Everything’s fine," he hurries to add, aware of what a hollow statement it is. He takes out his phone and texts Dean.
Sam felt helpless. He wouldn't be able to fight or protect himself if she attacked him. He was nothing more than a soul, unarmed and naked. But she didn't even move a musclel.
Castiel leaned against the refrigerator. He shook his head.
Sam lifted himself up quietly and walked out. All he wanted to do was get into his bed. Hopefully without throwing up.
"Okay... When he appeared again yesterday, he said he was there because I'd 'engaged' him. And that if I wanted him gone, I'd have to make you go away." Sam catches a breath. "I guess that's the gist of it."
And why would Castiel not tell Dean about everything that's going on in his life, anyway. Sam hasn't sworn him to secrecy. If Sam wants to be angry with someone, it should be with Dean, who doesn't have the excuse of playing human intimacy catch-up. Dean should know that it's not okay to pry. Then again, Dean has always had his problems with respecting Sam's boundaries. Honestly, at this point it would probably feel strange if it ever changed.
He tried not to react too shocked.
"You asked him?” Dean spun around and took a threatening step towards Sam. "You were waiting for me to be out of the house to ask him out?”
"I thought you guys knew each other plenty."
Power let the air evaporate.
He used the screwdriver to push the cables aside while shining the flashlight in his other hand into the dark.
"Exactly, that was Steven Milton, Tony's father." Dean put the phone back into the worn pocket of his jeans.
When Sam doesn't answer, Lucifer's hand appears on the side of his neck. He's softly stroking over his skin with his thumb, until he starts pressing down, harder and harder.
"Dude, you’re not going to watch, are you?" Sam says, his breathing shallow.
"He headed straight to bed when you guys left."
For a moment they looked at each other in silence.
Sam throws him an angry look.
He spotted her from far away. She stood under the arcade between all the other students and waved at them. He knew it was her and yet, looking at her, he felt confused.
"And this case? This case meant nothing. So what, there were a few lives at stake? Big deal! There’s always tons of lives at stake that we don't get to save. It's not like we're going out and calculating the best way to save the largest amount of people possible. It was one measly case. There was no need to send him away. There was no need, there-"
"Perhaps we shouldn’t have accepted Charlie’s offer to stay with her. Maybe it would have been wiser to look for a hotel room."
"Just humor me," he says.
He starts the car and glances back at Sam, who seems like he wants to disappear into the car seat.
"Just let me," Sam says.
Dean thought about it. He wanted to say that he had forgiven him long ago. In a way it was true, he had forgiven him for sleeping with Castiel and even for lying about it for so long. This wasn't about what happened many years ago. It was about the here and now, about the fact that Dean hated what had become of his life, what had become of himself.
"I'm glad you guys talk again," said Sam. It was the truth. The 'but' hung in the air.
Everyone looks at him with a sour look on their faces, even Castiel.
»Hey Cas...«
He didn't know what to say.
"Shut up! Both of you!"
"Dean?" Her eyes go big and her face changes from shock to delight. For a moment Dean can't place her and his first instinct is to retreat; he doesn't have the best associations with police knowing his real name. Sam and Castiel watch in surprise as the woman runs up to them and throws her arms around Dean. Her police uniform rubs against his fake FBI suit. He awkwardly pats her back. Then, as if she remembers where they are, she pulls away, straightens and nods towards the others, but she still holds onto Dean's arm. "Great to see you."
"Is it about Cas?"
"She didn't give you too much trouble?" Sam asked.
It felt like a recognition of a fact he'd accepted deep down long before. After all, he went into the whole thing knowing, thinking he knew, of the thing between Dean and Castiel.
"Hey."
"I'm not sure."
»There's no snow in the Mojave Desert.«
"He did commit four cardinal sins."
Castiel chewed and took his time answering.
"Well, you are, a bit at least." He starts shuffling his feet. Castiel follows his lead easily. "You’re not a woman, I guess that’s more what I meant."
"Yeah, but she doesn't know that. And we wouldn't have to use fake credit cards if we actually got paid."
"Did you try them?"
"Sure. Right." Dean turns the volume down, the tiniest bit, just to appease Sam. "You don’t want Jody to know?"
At some point Charlie turned back to him. "How do you ever really know why you want the things you want and why they make you happy? Is it possible that I got some of my notions about what a good life looks like from you? Duh. But: so what?" She shrugged. "I don’t see why that would be such a big deal. Everything comes from somewhere. And I’m happy."
"I miss him too. But that doesn't change the fact that it's better if we don't see each other right now. It's just until he's not so angry anymore."
"And that's generally something she approves of?" Castiel asks. He takes one straw between thumb and index finger, bends forward and takes a sip.
They had only stayed overnight in the first place because Dean had gotten too drunk to drive last night. By the time he could hardly sit on his bar stool any longer, Sam had given him two options. He could hand over the keys and let Sam drive the Impala back to Lebanon. Or they could stay in the Bed ‘N Breakfast he'd spotted on the other side of the street. Dean, all quiet stoicism, put his arm around Sam's shoulder as a reply. Sam paid, before half-carrying his brother out of the bar.
When he's back in the car, he can tell the mood has shifted. They're all smiles. They must have talked. It irks Dean to know how little time they need without him to work things out. How much better Castiel is at making Sam better now. At taking care of him. "Weird, huh?" Sam says, his neck craned so he can look at Castiel's face as he agrees with him, "Yes, very." Dean doesn't even have a freaking clue what they're talking about, but it makes him so angry. These smiles on their faces. Right about now he's not sure which one of them he hates more and which one he loves the most. All he knows is that they're both breaking his heart.
Sam thinks and glares at him.
Castiel follows Dean's gaze around the room. "He didn't say much. The girl worked here and we found a flyer among the pensioner's things."
Sam's fingers were now on his lips as if he wanted to trace the fine line there.
»Yeah,« Sam nodded. »Yeah, I do. I'm just... Thanks.«
"Who is this, Dad?" Charlie's hand reached for Castiel's.
Dean’s pretty sure that’s supposed to be his.
"Make me," he smiles. "This is all you, Sam. You could make me say and do whatever you want. So why…" His fingers wander down to his throat, press down hard. "Why do you make me hurt you?"
"Where’s your useless boyfriend of a prophet?"
"Where are they then?” Castiel asked. “You're on your own down here."
"Oh, the usual." He could picture her shoulder lifting. "Working, paying bills, hunting monsters. You know the drill."
"What?" Dean pushes his palm against Castiel's shoulder blade. Castiel doesn't even waver, but he looks annoyed. "You didn't think that was odd?" Dean asks. "You didn't think that was worth mentioning before? You know how absolutely insane that sounds?"
"It must feel strange for you to return to Stanford."
"No, I want to rob a bank."
"No," Castiel replies from the backseat, a slight edge in his voice. "I told you I would inform you if I did."
Sam interrupted. "That was back when I wasn't living in the bunker. That was different.”
"Yeah," Sam says. Castiel looks at him, wants him to say more. It's not impossible that he's just asked Sam a question.
"I'm gonna go get that second drink I was talking about." Dean stands up, but Castiel has already shot up and grabbed his arm. He seems as surprised by his action as Dean.
"Really?”
"You guys seem more like you expected us back a lot later than now."
"We could just tell Sam that you get on well with the other kids."
The waitress came and refilled her cup. Dean held his out too.
But another part is trying to scrub it all away and to decidedly not think about it.
Finally.
Sam gets out of bed, crosses his arms in front of his chest.
"Of course not."
"Oh," Castiel says. "I've always thought the Ancestral Puebloans were interesting."
"He's a hunter and a psychopath." Dean pulled out his cell phone and opened the photo of a man who seemed straight out of a romance novel, with his black shoulder length hair and bright big eyes. "Lila sent this picture to Britney to show off. His name is Tony Milton." Dean snorted. "You remember back when I started hunting again?"
The room had changed again. Sam was now in a hospital bed. Castiel sat silently in a chair while Charlie sat on the windowsill, cooling her cheeks against the window. Sam knew he couldn't reach her now.
"Goodnight, Charlie."
"You know what it's like to have grace.”
"Look at it this way: You're not a prophet here because this time already got its own prophet. Nobody is looking for you and is trying to get you to work for them." There was something melancholic in her eyes. "Here you can just be yourself and be happy. "
Outside, Sam marches ahead and over to the car.
"I know you don't mean to be."
Castiel is leaning into his brother. He seems to be able to walk just fine.
"I never told her all the details of my private life," Dean volunteered.
She asks the secretary to fetch them something to drink. Sam and Dean sit on the two chairs in front of the desk, and Castiel sits in the armchair normally reserved for the patients in session, a little off to the side.
As expected, there’s no reply.
Sam's jaw tenses.
"It's hard to explain."
"No,” Castiel repeated. He stepped towards him and took Sam's hands in his. "Don't leave again. Don't take her away from me again, please.”
Castiel's body hadn't changed but his eyes had. They were so different from the eyes of the Castiel standing next to Sam in the row, even different from the eyes of the Castiel with whom he had lived in Seattle, whom he had married.
»It's way past noon. You just slept forever.«
It was strange to hear Sam speak like this. As if he had done nothing else in his life other than playing the house and handing out cooking tips.
"What do you mean, confused? By what? Did Cas say that he’s confused?"
"Does it make you uncomfortable that I called him?"
"Not that I know of."
"I read about that, too. Are you thinking ghosts?"
Dean shrugged and went to put the pizzas into the oven. Once he was done, he turned around to face Sam.
The thing is, Cas would probably even let him, even if he didn’t want to. He'd be nice about it, too. Even worse: he might feel obliged to engage, because he’d think it's his duty.
Castiel lets out a deep sigh and peers up from his down-cast face. "I am useless at this."
Dean wants a drink but he wants to go to bed even more.
"Useless?" The thought is so foreign to Sam that he has to resist the urge to laugh.
He shouldn’t feel jealous about their time in purgatory. Sam’s aware it’s bizarre and unfair. Especially when he himself spent the year shacked up with a quasi-wife and a dog.
Sam had cleared his bed off Charlie’s residue. Since she’d gotten her own room, his had returned to the old sleekness that didn’t reveal that anyone lived here permanently. Sam stood, his palm pressed into his side, and glared at him accusatory.
Even if Dean wasn't running on adrenaline and urgency, he'd still want to leave this place asap. It just makes him feel bad.
"Humans are weird, Cas." Sam squeezed his hand tighter. "Always worrying about things that aren’t really based on facts, just feelings."
Castiel mulled this over for a moment. "But it is currently far too dangerous for Sam to live outside the bunker."
"You do ingest a surprisingly large amount of caffeine on a daily basis," Cas says, almost admiringly. He's got his hand on Sam's shoulder, as they leave, gently pushing him through the door, away from Dean.
When there's no reaction, he moves closer.
"Is everything okay with Charlie?"
"Oh great," Dean says as he lets them in. "You guys are back already." He doesn't sound pleased. Sam can't figure it out if it's only because he's uncomfortable around Akiko or if it's him he doesn't want to see right now. Dean's always been terrible at hiding when something's wrong, but very good at keeping the specifics to himself. Sam wants to believe it's something innocuous. Maybe the fact that Dean's not as straight as he always claimed. Which, yeah, of course Sam is a little irritated that Dean didn't trust him enough to be open about that. He understands needing a little time and space to figure things out, but there's no reason for Dean to think that Sam wouldn't be supportive. Sam tries not to think about the array of all the other horrible things Dean could be keeping from him.
Dean closed his eyes and tried to swallow down the feeling that he was going to shatter in pieces any second now. He wanted to be that someone for Sam. Why had it gotten so complicated?
He turns to Castiel, who shakes his head.
"I was too slow. I guess they’d rather have her die with them than us saving her."
»Don't ever do that again!« His chin pressed into Sam's shoulder. »You hear me? Don't ever do that again. Or I'll personally go to heaven and pull your rear end back down here, before I'll give you a good ass whooping."
"Maybe it's someone from her… family? There's loads and loads of Roman Gods, right?"
"Take a rest as a friend, as an old memoria," the man sang and Dean chose to act as if he hadn’t heard Charlie’s words.
"I didn't know you all spoke Enochian with each other." He wet his lips. "To be honest, I didn't even know Sam was fluent."
"Me too." Dean had come closer. "But she doesn’t have a bad life for a Winchester, does she? I mean, heaven kidnapped her this one time and she stole their prophet, but she hasn’t even died once so far."
"I’m fine," he says again. He doesn’t know if Dean’s still been talking or reacting at all. If he has, Sam’s successfully tuned him out.
Them lying together in the grass at night, as the crickets chirp in the background.
Dean was able to move all of his fingers now.
She had grown so much in the last year but next to Sam she still looked tiny and frail, easily broken.
"That’s why you’re so pissed?" He finally asks, in a calm voice. "Well, you got your panties in a twist for nothing. It didn’t appear as Cas to me."
"Then I can't feel sorry about not telling you. It made you feel better."
"Okay." Sam looked around the room and then settled his eyes back on Castiel. "Okay."
"Do we have a reason to believe whatever happened had anything to do with a new student though?" The stupid leaves keep brushing against Dean. He pushed the planter out of his way, down the wooden plank that someone wants them to believe is a table. "Even in the unlikely event that whatever happened to this guy happened at his workplace, it could have been a regular too. Or the receptionist. Or a cleaner. Or someone just walking in and out again. Especially if it's a witch or a curse or something like that."
He doesn't want to say it. "This is just me. I'm the problem."
Sam watched him leave.
"Well, good to see you're both fine, too," Dean says, with a surprising amount of sarcasm in his voice. "You didn't have to turn the music off on my account. I just wanted to let you know I'm back."
"Do you not enjoy dancing?"
Castiel would not have been surprised if Sam had reacted with anger. He knew about his complicated feelings towards heaven, some of which were very justified. But Sam kept quiet, his eyes fixed on the screen, his breath in sync with his daughter's heaving chest.
Is this how Sam felt when he helped him, he wonders.
"I didn't do it on my own," Dean says. He's not sure if he's supposed to feel flattered or irritated. Being on someone's bucket list like that feels weird. He’d thought he’d enjoy being treated like a sex trophy more than he does.
"It’s not like that," he assured her.
Sam sat down on one of the chairs, his back towards the couch. He looked at Bobby expectantly.
Sam wondered how much snow the car roofs could withstand before they would collapse under the load.
"Maybe you should go in, you know, help him." It doesn’t come out teasing, it comes out jealous and just the way he felt it.
Castiel has his arms crossed in front of his chest. His mouth is one stoic fine line, as he stares into space.
"Ah." Dean could tell how difficult it was for Charlie to maintain her professionalism. "Where are the corpses now?" she asked.
"I know you, Sam," Castiel says, all gravel-voiced, not allowing for any contradiction. "I know your soul."
He turns on the music, automatically adjusting the volume.
"And they believed that?" Dean asked, not trying to hide his doubt.
"I can't help but feel like this is on me," Sam said, turning towards him. "That this was my fault."
"You know it’s not that easy. I needed a vessel strong enough to contain me. Besides, changing into another vessel would have been strange for you and Dean." He puts his chin to his chest, looking down. "And I have grown accustomed to this as well. Being inside Claire, it didn’t feel right."
Sam glanced briefly at Charlie, and Dean's eyes followed. "What about her?”
"Because there are just some things I don’t want to talk about. With anyone, but especially not with him. We never really talked that much about our time in Hell, anyway. Not the specifics. Why would I want to do that now all of a sudden? Besides, I kind of thought he’d have gathered the main points, but maybe not."
"But you've lost all hope of succeeding."
"Please," Cas sounds pained. "I just made a mistake, Sam. I don't want to dwell on it. I will make sure that it won't happen again."
Castiel kept squeezing Sam’s hand that lay on the table, as if to confirm that Sam was really there.
"What? He's not put off by you. And you…"
"I'm serious." Sam touches Castiel's arms and slowly rubs his hands up and down over the trenchcoat. "Not about the writing part. But... the sentiment. I appreciate it and I know what you mean. I feel the same way. I'd still care about you either way. Don't ever do feel obliged to, you know," –
"And why would he think that?"
"It doesn’t matter really, but I have only ever danced with women before. So this here feels weird. I’m just not used to it. I don’t even know where to put my hands."
"Sorry." He laughs again. "Just the thought of you enjoying a Spaghetti Western, it’s-"
Castiel looks skeptical but he leans a little back against the table.
"Sam." Castiel reached across the table and put his hand on his. "Rest assured. You are a wonderful father."
Sam turns his head towards the wall. Unlike Dean's room, there's no form of decoration. Nothing but enchanted concrete.
"How does one dance badly? It’s just random motion sequences set to rhythmic noise."
They’re almost back at the B&B when Castiel abruptly stops.
"Things change, even in heaven." She didn't sound happy when she said it. "And we're forced to adapt to these changes."
"You just didn't think about where I’d be in your little scenario.
Sam clenched the napkin in his left hand and slowly released it again. "No, that’s exactly the point. You still can’t accept that she left. You took it personally. Don’t you think Cas and I miss her too? You could try showing her you love her without always chewing her fiance’s head off. It just makes you look petty and jealous."
»I haven't seen Dean this happy in a long time.«
"What do you remember?"
"No." Sam looks spooked at the suggestion. "No, Dean, I'm trying to say I'm angry about stuff that isn't on you." He breathes out, heavy and a little shaky. "You know when you asked me what I said in my therapy session and I blew you off. It's because I told the truth. And I don't feel good about the truth."
"What?" Dean's face twitches in irritation. "I thought — I mean, we were told suicide was ruled out early on."
"I know," Castiel says. "Dean said we would."
"You want one too?" Dean offers.
There's not even a particular relief in accepting that he wants to bend forward and press his lips to Castiel's.
Sam went for a run. It's something he's started doing regularly again. To keep things in check, but also, he knows, to show Dean he's fine. Healthy. Durable. Able to go out and take on a case. He doesn't want to push it, doesn't want to fight, but he’s starting to feel restless.
Sam turns to Dean, but he just shrugs.
»I'm sorry I couldn't get here sooner.«
"Dean." His stomach contracted when Castiel looked at him in surprise. He hadn't seen him in over a year and now they were staring at each other like two spooked deer.
Books are sprawled on the table next to where Sam’s half-sitting, half-leaning. His feet still firmly on the ground, far apart.
"You promised me we'd find her."
"Suit yourself."
"You could have used another one."
"You’re looking at me like something bad has just happened. I got married, I didn’t sell my soul."
If he were still 21, this might scare him, but it doesn’t now, not really. There’s little that feels as clear to him in this very moment as his need to be in close to Castiel. What good could possibly come out of questioning that. So what if it only came about because he managed to make Sam feel better by angelic means. He’s not doing it now, and this need to be with him still persists.
"Can you fix it? Please?" Before he could answer: "You’d get a pie out of it too."
"It's barely night yet," Sam says and pulls back. "I wanted to cross-check the —"
He hears voices outside the door. It takes him a second to recognize them. He only catches the last words of Castiel’s sentence. Dean laughs in response, as he opens the door and lets more sunshine in.
"Sam, Dean was angry and he’s worried."
"Where have you been?” Dean asked quietly. His breath was still quick from the excitement and the fighting.
Minutes later, she follows him outside to his car. There's a soft breeze. He gets a whiff of her. She smells good. Sweat, whiskey and something enticingly feminine. He's a bit surprised when he feels it stirring something inside him. His arousal isn't weird, his surprise is. It's only now he realizes Old Dean wouldn't have hesitated a second. Wouldn't have made her do so much of the heavy lifting.
"Fuck off…"
It was a small miracle that this weekend trip had come about at all. And now, it was already Sunday again. His neck tightened as he wondered when he would be able to see her next. They tried to speak on the phone every day. If that didn't work out, he would send her at least a few messages from wherever he was. She always wanted to know every little detail of all his hunts.
She takes a step back.
"Sure, but what about Charlie?"
"Yeah?" he answers. He can feel her watching.
He can hear Sam fighting, grunting. It’s a weirdly comforting sound.
"You can’t really believe that."
"Yes."
"I don’t know."
"If you think it would do you good, maybe you shouldn't wait too long."
He always wants you to come.
Sam wishes he’d never left his room.
Charlie had fallen asleep. Her chest rose and fell evenly. Sam wondered if it wasn't enough to just wipe her down with a wet towel. She could take her bath the next day. It didn't really matter.
"Oh. Okay. Yes."
Sam thinks for a moment. "We'll get it either way," he says and gets up.
Sam laughs and shakes his head. A strand of hair falls into his face and he tugs it back behind his ear.
"No. I just went through the list of names that I compiled. I told them some bullshit about them being connected to that missing persons report."
"Whatever? What do you mean, whatever?"
Dean feels a pang of nostalgia when Castiel helps Sam sit up. Dean's supposed to be the one doing this kind of things.
"I’m fine."
Then his own phone vibrated in his pocket. He held it in his hand for a moment, as if he was undecided about whether to answer the call or not, before grumbling an unfriendly "Yes" into the receiver.
Dean lunged at him and at first Sam thought he had really gone too far and he was going to feel Dean's fist in his face. That they would fight in the hallway of an apartment building like in a drunken brawl, but then his brother's hand only bumped into his chest half-heartedly.
Sam's not sure if that's supposed to make him feel better. The fact that he himself creates these kind of scenarios in his head, is only further proof that a part of him chooses this. That it's his own fault, and he's got to find a way to stop. If not for himself than for what he has here, for him and Castiel.
He tries to not take it out on them. He’ll leave them be and get drunk in his bed room with his headphones on, until he falls asleep. When that doesn’t work, he takes the Impala. He drives to some dive to be reminded that's there's a world out there that's bigger than the three of them.
"We're not that kind of close." He kneads his hands. He realizes it sounds like a contradiction. "I just mean, we don't really talk. About big things. And when we do, when I feel like he's really seeing me for who I am, then he… He doesn't like what he sees."
"What I don't understand," Castiel says, "wouldn't that mean that every victim had therapy here? Even people who were affected in Canada?"
"I know," Castiel murmured against his neck. He said nothing else.
Behind the shame there rang a sadness in Sam's voice.
"It wasn't," Castiel says. "I was merely surprised."
When he squeezed Castiel's knee in gratitude, he didn't pull his hand back immediately. He just let it linger for a second - Humans could die from too little physical contact. On top of everything, Charlie was going through a difficult period, where she rarely wanted to hug him or be close. This was all so easy to explain away.
"Dogs?"
He knows he shouldn't be getting annoyed with Sam because of the sex he's potentially not having.
They drove the entire route in one go. More specifically, Dean drove and Charlie slept. Or maybe she was looking out of the window in silence. Her ribcage rose and fell in a steady rhythm. The Impala was like a boat sailing them safely through the night. They were in a bubble outside of time - it felt right. Maybe that’s why Dean didn’t stop until he saw the city lights on the horizon light up like a space station on a dark planet.
Well that explains the waking up alone thing.
"Dean."
"Yes." Castiel's nod is barely there. "You were trying to not let these things get between us, and decided to send me away, and thereby risked letting these things get between us."
"Who is Charlie?"
Sam finds Castiel sitting in the library, Sam's iPad in his hands.
"Yeah," Sam says and tries to put on a convincing face. "Yeah, but you don't."
But it seemed like such an overwhelming work and, in the end, his reflexes kicked in. There’d only been another monster in the long line of things to kill. Just another day at the office.
"What do you mean?" Dean asks, puzzled. "Since when?"
"No." Sam shakes his head. "I don't want to be alone. I just think it'd be good for you to go back there now that we've got a connection between the victims."
"I definitely want to spend as much time with Charlie as you guys will let me," Dean said. "And I don't feel like fighting with any of you." He shoved Castiel's hand away. "So, yeah, I guess, I want us all to get along. Otherwise I wouldn't be here, would I now?"
"You're still hurting."
"Yes, great idea," Sam agrees, with real spunk in his voice.
"Well, I’m up now," Dean grimaces at him.
"I don't know. Maybe she saw it on TV or she tried it when she visited one of her rich friends from school." He shook his head. "She wouldn't have heard about it via angel radio, would she?"
It's hard to sleep when his mind is always circling around both the case and Dean.
"Ruby once said-"
Sam's heart is beating heavily against his ribcage, as he closes the bathroom door.
"Why? What happened?"
The bathroom door opened and Castiel stepped out. He was wearing a fitted black suit and it still felt strange to see him dressed up like this.
Sam waits until he looks up. "How are you feeling?"
"You don’t think we’ll find a nest?"
"Good. That's good."
Castiel reached for Sam's arm and looked at his watch, as if he didn't know what time it was by himself.
"Are you still worried because of the way she was talking to you at dinner?" The kiss that was placed on his forehead was warm and placative. "You said yourself that as a young person you didn't always agree with your father either." He smiled. "I am convinced that she still loves you."
"Is she not well?" Castiel worriedly took a step towards him. Dean's face remained strangely tense.
"Everything okay?" Dean asks, and looks back at the house.
"I'm sorry that it's always gotta be like this.”
"What is that even supposed to mean?" Dean asks, his throat tight. "You saw me?"
"You know I'm very new at this," Castiel disrupts him. "And so far, I'm evidently failing miserably."
"Alright. You make a side salad then." Dean went to the freezer and took out three pizzas. "Balance, right?"
"At least I don't need any subtitles," Dean says. "Good old American movies."
"Good morning." He eyed Sam's startled expression for a moment, then pushed past him to Castiel. He leaned down towards him, framed his face with his hands and pressed his lips firmly to Castiel’s.
Sam's eyes fly open. Within seconds, he zaps through a series of emotions. Confusion about his whereabouts. Fear, and then relief, once he realizes he's alone in the bed. Finally the shame rushes in. He lies in Jody's dead son's room, contemplating at what point exactly he fucked it all up.
Sam halted, left the last buttonholes unbuttoned and eyed Castiel. He usually looked so young, but now his tired face was filled with dark shadows, and he looked older. "Do you take that as an affront to yourself?" He paused. "You got to know that that’s not true. Charlie loves you."
"I did not have the money to do so. If a very kind lady had not taken pity on me, I would not have been able to pay for the bus ride either."
He had hoped to make her laugh by hinting at a science fiction film they'd only seen last week, but she didn't respond to his joke or his attempt to hug her.
He pressed his eyes shut. He shouldn’t even be thinking like this.
"Why do you love Dean and not Dad?"
"You think it's them?" she asks. "You think they're driving up north to Canada?"
Sam and Dean share a look. Sam's eyes say: Let's wait. Dean's not big on waiting if it can be avoided, but he nods. Under the woman's watchful eyes, they sit down on the two couches in the waiting hall. Dean on the one facing the secretary, and with the office door to his right, Castiel and Sam across from him.
"And if you didn't trust me, you must have had your reasons."
"It’s fine." Sam has a blissed smile on his face. "Hey…" He brushes the sand from Cas’ shoulder in amazement. "Where were you? The Caribbean?"
"Yes. I know. But, if you're referring to just now: I truly didn't see the need to get you out of bed.”
"Is that what you think you’re doing now, too? Sparing him?"
"Dean." Cas looks at him apprehensively. "Are you worried?"
"I did. But it — We were both worried about you."
"Wasn't the demon bad enough?" the girl asks. "We're way in over our heads!"
"I'm sorry you feel that way."
"You baked?"
"Hey man, I'm not knocking you. Didn't say you did anything wrong. You're just usually more… you know, broken up about stuff like that. You know that was his sister back there, right?"
"What did you do to them?" Sam asks, and despite the illogicality of the movement, he steps closer, gun cocked. She smiles at him, a genuine and somewhat pitying smile. "I don't do anything to them. I only let them be themselves."
Jason and Charlie went into Charlie’s room to watch a movie, and Dean was too exhausted and confused by everything to even comment on that, which was a first.
Sam’s eyes flutter open.
"I told you."
"We care about you, too", Castiel says, an absurd amount of gravitas in his voice.
"Let's put it this way: I learned faking IDs from the best."
"It was a different life altogether."
Most shops in this small town close early. They’re still looking for a place to get some takeout, something both him and Dean could agree on.
He looked beside him at the passenger seat. Charlie had put her legs up onto the dashboard. Generally, he was not okay with people treating Baby with so little respect, but he just couldn't tell her off. He was much too happy to have her with him, sitting there tapping her fingers on her thighs to the beat of the music.
"That’s not what an Achilles’ heel is," Sam says.
"You just have to pretend,“ Sam explained.
"Coffee's not unhealthy."
»When were you at my laptop, anyway? And if you have any questions about the tentacles, let me just say, in Japan it's considered an art form!«
"You?" Sam scoffs. "You weren't the one being dramatic."
"Did I touch a nerve?" She asks and takes a cautious step towards him. "I understand where you're coming from, Dean. I really do. I understand how much you want to be there for Sam, but-"
"It’s alright. I’m not really tired. It’s more like exhaustion from not moving all day."
"You know where you are, right?" She cocks an eyebrow. "People die here all the time."
"It's fine." Dean rubs his palm over chin.
"Dean, I-"
When she walks up to him, Jody smacks Dean's head.
"I didn't..." Castiel mumbles. "He kept telling me he was fine. I know trust is an integral part of a relationship. And I have not always been doing so well when it comes to telling the truth and establishing trust. You know this as well as I do."
"All the more reason why there is no point in adapting our behavior to his needs, if they cannot be satisfied anyway."
"That's not..."
Sam ran a hand over his face. Then he looked at Castiel, who couldn’t have looked more guilty if he tried, and Dean, whose poker face was pretty good.
Sam leans back in his seat and looks out of the window.
"Dad found the mug, threw it away and made us run a bunch of miles for dragging along so much unnecessary weight."
"That you'd what? Make fun of me? Like I'd care what you think. You're not even a real person."
Sam apologizes for suspecting her. "It's nothing personal," he says, leaning onto his knees. "And I'm sorry we didn't take off our shoes."
"What look?” Sam asked.
"This empty apartment and Jason looking at me with these big eyes and not knowing what to say to me. I’ll go crazy if I have to go back there." She looked him straight in the eye. "Let’s go somewhere and kill something that is evil and kills people. Like we used to. Just you and me."
Castiel nods.
It’s not like Dean’s way of dealing with things. Sam does this for his own and everyone else’s good. If he can just go to sleep now, tomorrow will be fine, and he can be normal. This is a rational thing. Normal people take sleeping aids.
"No. No, I don’t know. Probably not." How to explain that this isn’t a question of happiness. "I think," he starts and hesitates. Castiel squeezes his thigh in encouragement. "Whenever we tried… whenever I tried, we always ended up together again anyway, you know? And each time, it becomes more difficult to piece us together again. I think we’re just stuck together, whether we like it or not. When we try to change things, it's... it mostly gets worse. So I figure it's best just to preserve it as it is."
When Castiel watched Charlie and Dean eat - he himself didn't eat anymore, he no longer saw any reason to - he couldn't help but imagine Sam sitting next to them. How differently he had held the cutlery; how his jaw had moved ever so slightly while he'd chewed. How much Castiel would give to see him once more in an everyday situation like this. Watching him wake up. The moment he was about to pull his pajama top over his head, and pushed the blanket aside to crawl into bed.
"I know what you mean," Sam sympathizes. "How did you even hear about this? I didn't think anyone else would be working this case."
He saw Charlie turn around in panic. He saw the werewolf approaching. Dean wanted to call out to her in warning, but all that came out of his mouth was a pitiful bubbling noise.
It takes them just another week to solve the case by themselves.
They get into the car and drive off.
Jody doesn’t seem surprised when Castiel tags along.
"Yeah, and his meat suit."
"Great." Dean looks at Sam and then, longer, at Castiel. He wants to say something else, but doesn't.
"What?" Sam asks, with a surprised laugh. "You don’t want me hunting for weeks?"
"I just wanted to see how many more miles until we reach the bunker."
"No." Castiel shakes his head. "You?"
Sam looks a little spooked. "What? No, we're not- I'm tired. I'm just gonna go to sleep." He scans Dean's face to see if he was joking.
"That is true. But as painful as your experience in hell was, and I know it was, Lucifer is-"
She nodded.
The number on the display wasn't Dean's. Maybe he was calling from a phone booth, or someone had dialed the wrong number.
Castiel considered mentioning that its effect on her would be minimal, but if Charlie was asleep and Sam was assured, there was no need to bring it up.
"All of this is extremely speculative. My primary goal is to bring Sam back to earth."
Dean groans.
"What?" This time Sam can't help but turn around. Cas has got his arms outside of the blanket again, his hands back on his toes peeking out under the woolen throw. "What do you mean, more welcoming?"
But Dean had decided that Castiel could do the researching and checking on the teenagers on his own. Dean needed Sam by his side. He hadn't given an argument and they hadn't asked for one. And if he'd felt the slightest bit of remorse for abusing his de facto leader status in their group, it was swept away seconds later by a seemingly rational argument.
When Castiel reached the bottom of the spiral staircase, he noticed the voices. He recognized Dean and Sam, but there was a third, female voice. He opened the door to the meeting room and analyzed the situation. Sam's gaze, which met his in the middle of the room, was soft and apologetic. Dean's unapproachable and distant, as it so often was lately. His silent companion, the glass of whiskey, was already in his hand. What time was it, five in the afternoon?
"I'm sorry you're upset," Castiel says, as if he's been reading his mind. And maybe he has. Dean's never been sure how any of that crap works.
"Cas!" Sam shouts, relieved.
"Don’t take this the wrong way but I hope we won’t see each other again. Not like this anyway."
"Feel free to drink this burnt and ashy brew, and tell me I’m wrong."
"Shouldn't we approach him?" Castiel asks, and Dean realizes he's been standing in the doorway just staring into space for far too long.
It was ridiculous, he was being absolutely ridiculous. He didn’t even know what he was so upset about; he felt both the loss of Charlie and his own accompanied sense of purpose, and the black pit inside his stomach when he thought of Castiel.
Dean crinkles his nose, and this routine is easy. This is safe territory.
When Castiel walked in, Sam was taken aback by the sheer absurdity of it all. Castiel carried a bunch of wrapped gifts piled up so high, he could just barely look past them.
He narrows his eyes. "What's that supposed to mean?"
»I’m cold. I need a warm shower.«
"Hey! Don’t sigh and roll your eyes like that, Sam, when we’re in the presence of music royalty."
"In Rome," Cas says matter-of-factly and then walks away, heading for the kitchen.
Dean's starting to get a bad feeling. "Did you feel like you had to tell the truth, even when you didn't want to?"
"I'm not angry with you," Castiel repeats. "You think I am, but I'm truly not."
He's only ever been tied to people, to tasks, his own shifting identities. Hell and Heaven had only intensified the feeling that space and time were not to be trusted as home. The downside of being fine with wherever he was, of course, was never feeling at home anywhere. Home is where the people he loves are. If Sam thinks about it, even the cage might have been bearable with the right kind of company. It wasn't the place itself that drove him crazy.
It was not a lie, he thought. He did feel sorry when he hurt Dean, when he felt he’d disappointed him. If Castiel knew how to curb these moments from occurring, he would.
Castiel was still standing against the wall.
There's a long and painful moment of silence.
He remembered the fight and the door slammed in his face. The absolute anger he'd felt towards Sam. Castiel's head turning away from him. How certain he'd been then that he had been right. That it had unfolded exactly like he'd feared: The second he'd split up with Cas, the son of a bitch had started actively pursuing Sam, and he’d been doing it on the sly all the time before.
She tells them what they already know. "I wish I'd never went to the police in the first place. My parents made me, when they realized he stole my money. But honestly, the money was the least of my worries." She pours them tea into quaint cups. Castiel takes a polite sip, the steam catching in the fuzz under his lower lip.
»Well, you said a few things...«
There's an uncharacteristic bitter note in Castiel's voice now, as he says: "Oh I know, I've spent enough years with you, Dean."
"I just remembered that Charlie emptied her entire box of pens in my room yesterday and of course, she didn't clean it up even though she promised she should, and - well, I feel so damn useless just sitting around waiting for them. But I'm also way too nervous to get any work done. So I might as well do something useful where I don’t need to think.”
"I’m not weak," he claimed, feeling quite the opposite.
"But he's-"
It took over an hour until they were actually ready to leave.
"My brother, he's —" He lets a hand run over his face. He shouldn't have gone with the truth. "He and I, some people say we don't have the healthiest relationship."
There's no absolution in Castiel's voice, just sadness. Maybe this is what he's subconsciously been angling for, to be reassured that Castiel cares. Sam takes his hand, strokes over the back of it in broad strokes. "Remember when we talked about moving out?" Sam says. "As a joke." It wasn't so much a joke as a daydream for him.
