He closed his eyes and snuggled under the blanket John had brought home one day. It smelt of him and Sherlock found it comforting although he couldn't quite explain why. Maybe it was simply a sense of normality after such an unsettling event. There was no other reason for him to feel slightly less disturbed when cocooned in the scents of his friend, was there? He didn't sleep, he just dozed on and off, making brief trips into his mind palace to see if he couldn't come up with some other ideas to explain the experiences of the evening. He wasn't convinced at all that it had been real and by the time midnight was virtually upon him, he'd pretty much convinced himself that nothing at all was going to happen.
"Mummy had two children, Sherlock and I, but she had conceived shortly after she and Father were married.  This pregnancy, and her next, sadly ended in miscarriage, and she made the bold decision to cease attempting conception through the usual placental means.  In her hometown, in Norway, her decision would have been seen as the norm, not the exception, but there is a greater community there of people like her.  Here, in England, it was bizarre in the extreme for her to embrace this aspect of herself, but Father approved."
“I ate adequately.”  Sherlock’s attention was still on the electronic reader he was holding. John bit his tongue, but Sherlock had already noticed, or anticipated, his look.  “It’s a Kindle.  There is no EMF from it at all.”
“Egzanthe,” Sherlock said softly, as if he was laying the name on her like a blanket. “It’s unique but not foolish. A serious name.”  He turned his head to glance at John.  “Could we call her Zanthe for short, while she’s small?”
She laughed softly.  “In a way we’re all cousins, I suppose.  Sigurson is a good friend, but  if we have a common ancestor it’s probably no more than you and I share.”
"Exactly.  Everyone was shocked at how quickly I forgave him in the first place.  Telling people we were a couple just seemed beyond the pale.  So I just kept not telling."
Suddenly all that noise, mild as it was, seemed to increase, zooming towards him, as if making up for the time that he hadn’t been paying attention.  He looked at Sherlock, his hand curling protectively around the egg even though he knew that none of the people in the room meant it harm.  His fingers met Sherlock’s on the other side of the egg, and Sherlock nodded.
“When she starts to move the egg even more than this, we'll know she's almost ready,” Sherlock said.
"Obvious.  A previous lover is too complicated, and would require stretching the point of believability."
John nodded, setting his fingers on the edge of the egg behind her head, slipping them into the space between the egg and her neck.  He gave a tug, but stopped when he felt something like skin stuck to the eggshell.
Sherlock turned his head, looking up at John.  His hair lay in dark ringlets over his forehead, and with his last working braincell John thought he looked like a debauched angel.
"And that's a good thing," John said, knowing it was true, and yet, there was a sting to it as well.  He'd done his time in maternity wards, years ago, knew that the cooing over a loose-skinned soft-skulled infant with the assignment of each feature to some member of the family was all foolishness, evolutionary imperative to convince the fathers that the children were theirs, worth protecting rather than abandoning, but people said it with such fervor.  On rare occasions John had been forced to admit that he saw it too, the whorl of an ear or even the eerie expression of the newest of infants, mimicking, somehow, the stoic face of a far older relative.  Still now, if he did see himself in the baby, he'd be forced to play that it was only that his features were so ordinary.
John sighed.  "Yes, even with me, from time to time."  He shifted uncomfortably, the edge of the sofa arm hard behind his head.  To his surprise Sherlock tucked a cushion behind his neck, even adjusting it until he settled easily.
"That seems very quick," she said as she dabbed her lips with her napkin.  "Though, as for Sherlock, I'm not sure anything surprises me."
“It is, isn't it,” John said, voice thick at the memory of the dream Sherlock saying nearly the same thing.
She looked at the waiter curiously as she gently prodded the crust on her bread.  "Are you sure this is the gluten free one?"
“How are you feeling?” John asked.  Sherlock looked pekkid, a bit drawn, though that could have been the effects of the generation of the egg itself, still making themselves known.
The conversation was nowhere near as stilted as John would have feared with at least three of the five people at the table pretending that no one else knew the nature of their work.  John complemented Anthea on the orange sauce she'd used on the stir-fry, and she'd guilelessly admitted that it was something she'd picked up in Beijing while working in a Fangshan restaurant.  John didn't even ask the obvious questions--
“Sherlock, really,” Sigeursonn said. “The thicker rim of shell around the middle, mediated by the oestrogen, you can feel it with your fingers easily enough.” He ran his hand over the shell again, demonstrating, then held it closer to John, so he could reach.
Sherlock took his arm away from John’s back, leaving a rapidly cooling sweaty stripe against his skin, and nudged him up.  As John and Sherlock stood Zilpha and Sigurson eased themselves down onto the floor, sitting on either side of the egg, their knees touching as they leaned together.  John paused on the way to the kitchen, heartened by the sight of them being affectionate to one another, considering that he had imagined their marriage to be cool, even transactional at times.
“Of course.”  John stayed in the kitchen, watching Sherlock as he put the kettle on. Sherlock came back to himself, looking at the clothes Anborg offered him, taking them with a simple thanks even though John knew they’d ordered plenty of babygros.  Well.  Maybe plenty was relative, he thought.  John finally caught his eye when he was setting out the mugs, turning just in time to catch Sherlock looking at him.  A quirk of his mouth was as close as Sherlock got to a reassuring smile, but John felt soothed by it nonetheless.
John felt the soft skin of Sherlock’s stomach against the back of his fingers as Sherlock licked a broad stripe up the side of his cock, tip of his tongue tracing around the head, pushing down on the thin ridge of his foreskin.  John shivered, fingers spreading, holding the egg more loosely, attentive even as Sherlock drew him deep into his mouth.  John let his hips arch up, cock sliding slowly deeper into Sherlock’s mouth, soft bump of the head against Sherlock’s soft palate making him shiver anew.
"Think nothing of it," Anthea demurred as she slid the car through a gap John would have sworn wouldn't have accommodated a mini.
“I remember,” Sherlock said, taking it in his hands.  “I loved this.  I think Siguersonn’s aunt made it.”
"We'll both have to become more accustomed to having people in the flat.  The incubation of a new egg is generally a fairly social time, with the broader community coming together, as one of the parents is always out of commission.  In our case it will be Mycroft, Mummy, and perhaps one or two of the cousins who will be looking in on us."
“Did you remember to eat?” John asked, his hand brushing over the apex of the egg, and against Sherlock’s fingers as well.
Sherlock's eyes closed, fingers of one hand scrambling at the sheets while he reached for himself with the other.
"No, I know, it's fine," he found himself babbling, stopped, said the first thing that came to mind.  "I'll keep him safe.  I'll keep both of them safe."
She sat down on the sofa with it.  “Hello you precious thing.”  She smoothed her hands over the shell, lingering over where the developing foetus’ head was.  “Any guess, Dr. Watson, as to whether it’s a boy or a girl?”
Sherlock didn’t pause, kept sliding down, John groaning out loud as he was finally seated in Sherlock’s throat, the flutter of muscle around him all the more stimulating for the trust that Sherlock was placing in him, giving John power over his very breath.  John closed his eyes and let Sherlock set the pace, his hips rolling slowly against the bed as Sherlock encouraged him to slowly fuck his mouth.
“Where did your love of the understatement come from, John, is it a misplaced nod to modesty?  My mother loves you and considers you a part of her family.  I suspect that she’d happily kill for you at this point.”
On the bed the egg looked smaller than ever and John felt fear wash over him, bewildered at how a viable infant could be curled up inside.  When Sherlock laid himself down next to it, pulling it close against his stomach, the fear subsided.  He kicked his shoes off and got onto the bed, aware that he was ignoring Annborg but unable to care.
Sarah looked shocked again.  "That would mean that you've got a baby coming in just, what, a month?"
“Yes,” she whispered, but didn’t look at him.  “Oh, John, I’ve got so weak all of a sudden.  Where is the egg, did I drop the egg?”
When he was done pondering all of that he looked up at the clock, surprised to note that it was past ten.  The QI reruns had given way to Cash in the Attic, and he hadn’t even noticed.  He listened to Jaunty tell someone that their Royal Doulton was, in fact, quite worthless, shifting the egg off his stomach as he did.  He’d been sitting in one place for so long that it had left an oval of warm pink skin there that he scratched at absently.
"So, this is it, then, right?  I mean, we're not about to start lactating, are we?"  He rested his head against the dresser, looking up at Sherlock.
John looked down at the packaging on the bottle, which featured a photograph of a jolly baby, and breathed.
"What's wrong with him?" John asked, emboldened by Mycroft's show of sentiment.  It was likely only a show, but still, it worked.
Sherlock texted back.  John growled through clenched teeth, but left anyway.  He’d been pushing his luck, taking shifts that he didn’t even strictly need just to get out of the house.  He held the egg when he got home from work and in the evenings, but it was easier to hold the egg while sleeping, and then he and Sherlock often held it between them.  Work was a way to get out of the house when Sherlock was in a strop, which, considering the fact that he felt tied to the house, was all the time, of late.
John remembered then the distance she had travelled to help them.  “Can I get you anything?  Coffee?  Something to eat?”
"In the future,” Sherlock said,  “I plan to take my time, and plenty of it, cataloging our respective responses to a variety of stimuli, but today I find that I can't wait.  Please."
John was sure that all they had to do to halt development was to stop incubating it, but Sherlock did not even consider that in the list of terrestrial possibilities, amazing since he usually considered every possibility, no matter how ridiculous.  John took a deep breath, and sighed.  He had tried, for a second, to imagine it himself, and failed.  Stopping the incubation of the egg was not an option, not because of sentiment or belief, but because of something stronger than either of those.  It felt like instinct.
“Oh?  What would that be?” Sherlock accepted the bottle from Mycroft as John sat down next to him on the edge of the bed.
John suppressed the laugh that rose up at the very idea.  "Not really.  It's a long story, one for another time."
"But we need to talk about how, exactly," John said, exasperated.  The higher temperature that the egg imparted always left him feeling a little irritable at first, and Sherlock was doing nothing to allay that.
John stared back at him, stalemate.  He didn't know how Mycroft knew that Sherlock was ill, but he wasn't about to give anything away.
“A mobile.  Yes.”  Sherlock touched one of the triangles, pulled down on it gently, and let go.  The entire structure was so balanced that it barely bounced as it settled back into its original shape.  “One of the first mobiles, actually.  A Calder.”
Sherlock nipped at the back of his neck.  “Maybe I have and you just haven’t noticed.  She is, in reality, as unassuming as Mycroft.”
“Absolutely.  The egg is hardly sentient at this point, and I’m feeling very,” he paused and swallowed, staring at John’s hardening cock.  “Drawn to you.”
"Yes?"  John also didn't turn his head, still studying the flocked wallpaper.  Really, considering the abuse Sherlock put the entire flat through, it was in remarkably good nick.
"Who will keep the egg warm if you and I are both out?"  John could only imagine being told to rush home from work if a case demanded Sherlock’s attention.  Sherlock had respected his need to work for the past few months, but John could see the egg wearing on that hard won boundary.
“You’re the one being sentimental.  I’m merely imposing a pleasing sense of order and symmetry onto our lives.”
"What are you talking about?" John asked.  "And what does this have to do with Sherlock being sick?"  He texted:
“In a few short weeks now, I'll be getting up more than once each night,” Sherlock pointed out. “Might as well get some practice in.”
“I have to admit that I did not. I have had a difficult time picturing her, or him. Every now and then I think I feel some movement, but it's so different from my expectations for the end of a gestation that I just can't picture her. Or him.”
"It wasn't that I wanted to keep secrets," John said.  "We were together, and no one knew.  Then a few months went by and I thought, alright, I'll tell some people at work, and then we decided to hire the surrogate, and I thought, alright, we'll get this underway and I'll tell people that we're together, at least, and then she was pregnant right away and it just was all too much to say in one go, and I kept putting it off and putting it off and well.  Here we are."
"Not really."  He made his decision, lamb, though he'd briefly considered lobster and then discarded the idea.  Sherlock had urged him to be decadent, but in truth he didn't like lobster all that much.  "So, Sherlock and I are together," he said as he set the menu aside.
"It's the most accepted amongst politicians, and while I hope beyond hope that my child will not go into that realm, it is a possibility, and even if not there is every possibility that a politician, at some level, will be in control of some aspect of his or her success.  It's easier this way."
"No, he's single, no kids," though as soon as he said it he realized that for all he knew Mycroft might have a country home and an entire passel of children.  It was so ludicrous a thought that he pushed it out of his mind quicker than he'd initially rejected the idea of men laying eggs.
“:I wouldn’t have believed it, “ John said.  “I would have walked away, I think, or accused you of taking the piss.”
John swallowed a mouthful of tea and shook his head, trying to clear out the cobwebs of the dream that still clung there. “I dreamed that I woke up and the bed was empty. The bassinet was gone, the mobile was gone. I came down to the kitchen and you were doing some noxious experiment and you told me that the egg was gone, that it had never even really been here. You said that it had been an illusion.” He looked Sherlock in the face as he finished. “You said it was just a magic trick.”
"Damn right."   He held on tight, then stood, carefully crouching over Sherlock's ass, feet to either side of his legs as he wrapped his arms around his hips, pulling up as he pushed down, feet planted on the mattress.
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed, his entire face becoming pointier, an expression John hadn’t seen since they had been in Baskerville.  “You leave me alone with the egg every day.  You think I haven’t noticed that you’re picking up shifts all over London?  I have.  You’re seeking them out.  We don’t need the money, John.   You’re leaving to avoid,” he trailed off, sitting down heavily in one of the kitchen chairs.  “You’re leaving to avoid me.”
“Let me get you some more of that,” John said.  When he went back to the kitchen he looked over at Sherlock pointedly, trying to ask silently if the egg was really alright.  Sherlock nodded once, calm, but somehow not entirely reassuring.
"I'm more comfortable lying flat at the moment.  It's beginning to take up quite a lot of room and my choices have come down to standing or lying flat."
, hit John in the gut, all the desire and affection he'd been keeping hidden for so long surging to the surface.  He moved to the edge of the chair, resisting the urge to slide all the way to the floor, to kneel next to the sofa with his head on Sherlock's stomach again.
Sherlock chuckled as he gathered the egg up, leaving John his vest. “Yes, well. Despite her mein and her various accomplishments in the machinations of our government, I believe it is still a description that suits her, when it comes to children.
“I remember doing the same,” his father told him as he took off his coat.  He handed it to Sherlock, not imperious, but not apologetic either-- simply the most efficient action, delegated to the most likely person to carry it out.  John suddenly no longer had any problem imagining this man declaring that he was going to stay in Norway while his wife left, but not get divorced, nor have any ill will towards her at all.
“No,” Sherlock admitted, his hand gentle but firm on John’s lower back.  “I have no way of knowing that.”
"Approximately half its surface.  Wearing it in a cloth pouch against my abdomen will allow me to move about the house, though obviously I won't go outside like that.  I'll only leave the house for an eight."
John looked around.  The flat was in its usual state-- lived in, one might say.  There was a comfortable amount of clutter, stacks of books and journals, mostly, and Sherlock’s microscope set up on the kitchen table.  The floor could do with a hoovering, and wouldn’t that have to be seen to more stridently when the infant was crawling, but other than that it looked alright.
“You know, it’s kind of funny, this,” John said.  “You treating me as if I’m an expectant mother who needs coddling.”
Sherlock took a sudden tiny step forward, hand grasping hard at the stonework.   His face was smooth, but John knew him well enough to know that he’d nearly swooned.
John thought about that for a moment, a growing sense of annoyance growing at the back of his mind.  “Why?”
"I'm practical. I know the world we live in.  And faith in a higher power is not really the most illogical thing a person could believe in, and the Church of England has a hand in many peoples' upbringing.  It's good to be able to identify with others."
"What?  Who?" Sherlock said, rolling towards him, egg cradled against his belly.  Despite his fairly clear tone John was quite sure he'd awakened him.  Sherlock gently pushed the egg into the space between them and John took it.
"Nor me."  Sherlock was kissing his neck where it joined his shoulder, and egg or no John could imagine taking that further, except for the fact that it had to be nearly supper time.  He'd no sooner thought it than Mrs. Holmes was coming up the stairs, knocking softly at the door.
Anborg wrapped a thin band around the egg, snugging it down to the widest point. “Already bulging,” she said.  “The outer shell is just starting to thin.  Six weeks at most, now.”  She smiled at John.  “You might want to start dropping hints that you’ll be on leave soon.”
"I promise, when the baby is here, I won't be overcome like this," John said.  It was a useless promise, he knew, but it felt true nonetheless.
John took a deep breath and tried to read into Mycroft's speech so far.  Monotremes had electrolocation-- that could be useful for a person in Sherlock's profession, but to a limited extent, and he could see no reason for it to cause him GI distress.  He waited for Mycroft to continue.
“She had been here once, and not a lot had happened, as compared to a,” he paused, catching himself before he could say
Sherlock obeyed, his fingers denting in the soft skin of his arse as he pulled, revealing his slick crease, dark pink hole at the center of it seeming to still hold the shape of where John's fingers had opened him.
"Of course.  Isn't everything?"  Sherlock drained the last dregs and held the glass out imperiously.
“Where did it come from?”  John had never known Sherlock to order anything from the internet, not since he had John to boss around.  It wasn’t that he was computer illiterate-- quite the opposite-- but rather that he became bored by the redundant design of the sites and would quit halfway through, before securing the delivery of his item.
The fireworks started, the noise a tinny chaos through the phone speaker.  John muted it, then glanced at Sherlock.
John rubbed his hand up and down Sherlock's side, the surprisingly defined dip of his waist, the swell of his hips.  He let his hand wander over the curve of Sherlock's stomach and wondered how, really, he could have missed that fact that Sherlock had been getting thicker about the middle-- though, if his face was anything to go by, not actually gaining weight, but shifting it.  He pulled himself away.
“Are you ready for our date?”  Sherlock had also done something to tame his hair, but he still looked more disheveled and younger than usual.
Sherlock was goading Mycroft about something, a modified limited hang out, whatever that was, when John realized that he had been staring at Sherlock's profile for far too long.  He tore his gaze away, realized that while he was looking at Sherlock, Zilpha had been looking at him.
John knelt behind him, gently pushing on Sherlock's lower back until he'd lowered himself to the proper height.  John's erection had flagged a bit in the open air, the slick fluid cooling on his skin, and he groaned as he sank in, feeling himself fill and press against Sherlock's soft walls.
"We broke the bed," he said quietly, realizing that there was now a distinct left-leaning dip in the middle of the bed.
Instead of placing the egg inside, Sherlock handed it to John, then placed his own hands inside the box, a look of intense concentration on his face.
“I’m alright,” he said, leaning on Sherlock as the other man tried to turn towards him.  “I’m alright.  Just watch the egg.”
They wandered off, Sherlock opening a series of doors that were marked Staff Only.  They stood on the parapet, looking down over the lawns to the Thames beyond.  Looking at the water, John felt a chill go down his spine.
"That does seem to be the way," John said, looking through them.  There was, even so, a tiny pair of jeans and an oatmeal jumper.  He held it up to Sherlock, eyebrows raised.
“Good.” John found himself going from fear to fear. Now that the crisis of the nightmare was over it was as if his mind wanted to rove to every other worry he might have. “I hope I can deliver what our child needs.”
"When will we know if it's viable?" John asked, smoothing his hand over its narrower end.  It wasn't as tapered as a hen egg, but there was a visible difference.
Sherlock was lying on top of the bedcovers, clad in pyjama bottoms and a soft t-shirt, though that was possibly in deference to his mother as he pulled it off the moment John walked into the room.  The glass was on his bedside table, empty, and John filled it, Sherlock already drinking thirstily as John sat on the edge of the bed.
Sherlock followed his gaze.  “There’s nothing about the ravens that inherently keeps London from falling, and I know that.  But if someone did let them go, do you not think that there would be hell to pay?”
John leaned towards Sherlock, his eyes closing before their lips touched, secure, as always, in the knowledge that Sherlock would find him.  Sherlock’s hands cupping his head felt cool,  one hand dropping down to rest with John’s hand against the egg as their bodies shifted closer.   The egg was an ever-present entity in John’s mind, and no matter where he was moving his own body he was aware of where the egg was in relation to himself.  Still, it was comforting to have Sherlock’s hand resting next to his on the warm smooth shell, protection against either of them rolling over onto it.
At that moment Sherlock’s brain short circuited. John’s kisses trailed down Sherlock’s neck, nipping lightly, his hands tugging softly in Sherlock’s hair and rolling his hips just perfectly.
Despite Sherlock’s penchant for disguise when it came to the Work, in the bedroom, they didn’t usually go in for props and costumes, but both managed to get into whatever game they decided to play. With pirates, however, there was at least the flogger, and occasionally a dagger. Certainly their sex toys often came into play...
Their lips met in a fierce kiss, fueled by their long-suppressed desire. After that, neither was aware of anything but hands and lips, the press of their bodies together for long moments. Sherlock straddled John’s lap, their cocks throbbing at the closeness.
It seemed too soon to tell him what I truly desired, for him to stand by my side and sleep in my arms for as long as life should last. I smiled at him and pulled on a dressing gown before offering my arm.  “How about we begin with breakfast?”
The pain, pleasure, and intimacy mingled together into bliss for them both and Sherlock shuddered and cried out, spasming as his first orgasm overtook him.
As he paid the fare, he glanced up at John, hovering on the threshold, uncharacteristically waiting to enter together. Slowly his face broke out in a smile and he strode the short distance to where John stood.
“Lovely,” Captain Watson breathed, barely audibly, and Sherlock relaxed, sighing and arching up into the touch.
“Don’t,” Sherlock said, his voice suddenly controlled and much colder, closer to how he sounded mid-deduction. He dashed the, thankfully unopened, vial from John’s hand. “Don’t drown me out. Leave if you won’t help me. I’ll get through it alone like I have all the others, but don’t drown me out and then sit here unaffected, like you aren’t the only alpha I’ve ever needed. Please, John. Reject me if you must, but not like that.”
After four days together in all possible ways, barely leaving one another’s side, Sherlock’s heat was over. He’d kicked John out of bed that last night as it wore off. John offered to stay one more night, but Sherlock insisted he wanted space, that he was always tetchy at the end of it and just needed to sprawl out and sleep it off.
Sherlock made a sort of humph sound from beneath the mountain of pillows, sheets, blankets and duvet in which he was cocooned. “Don’t want to get out of bed. Join me instead?”
The hour was late. I had tried to sleep but could not settle, instead returning once more to my workbench to make notes and addendums for further exploration.
“Surprised you managed to retain that. You usually couldn’t even be bothered to remember their names.”
Sherlock blinked and took the room in as if seeing it for the first time. There were fresh sheets and a stack of towels on the chair. John hadn’t gone. John had prepared. He was staying. Sherlock could feel the prickling well of tears in the corners of his eyes. He hated this, hated the near hysteria that seized him, making him honestly weep.
It hadn’t stopped there, either. Sherlock had stripped half his clothes off piece by piece in the 10 minutes they’d been in their flat.
John made a decision, ignoring the drop in Sherlock’s voice, the slight quaver that each syllable positively dripping with need as he cried out, “John, help me!”
In his mind’s eye, John could almost make the bedding into barrels and flour sacks. There was a quick movement and he cried out, “Hey, there! What’s this? A stowaway?” John reached in and tugged Sherlock’s hair roughly until he knelt on the bed. “Not on my vessel. Out three weeks to sea already. You’ve clearly been stealing our stores to have lasted this long-- even if you do look a bit skin and bones. You ought to be thrown overboard for your thievery.”
“There’s a good lad. Taste how much you need this. How your body craves this. I think you’ve earned a fine place here, and a reward.” John braced his hands on either side of Sherlock and redoubled his efforts. It was time for both of them to find release.
They were really doing this, though if pressed, Sherlock wouldn’t have been able to say precisely what “this” was.
There were those who argued that omegas should be sequestered the week before their cycle. Lawyers who would talk down the sentences of anyone who leapt on them at the first whiff of heat. ‘What were they thinking going out smelling like that’ and the like. It was demeaning and controlling and John had gotten into more than one fistfight over omega rights. Besides, what alpha (who wasn’t a complete barbarian) went out without a little vial of menthol or camphor or some special blend of oils they fancied for the job. There wasn’t a pheromone in existence that couldn’t be drowned out with one of those. Cleared the sinuses nicely, too.
“We may live by what we can take from plundering the fat coffers of England and Spain, but we don’t steal food from the mouths of crewmen. Ought to gut you like a fish and toss you to the sharks.” The Captain said and reached menacingly for his dagger.
He swiped his fingers through the river of precome on Sherlock’s belly and held his fingers to Sherlock’s lips. Sherlock licked them clean as John took him slow and deep.
“Yeah.” John smiled lopsidedly, running his fingers through his hair, a nervous tell, which Sherlock had always found utterly endearing in his flatmate.
He had stilled, eyes wide for a moment as he adjusted to the new stretch, his lips parting in a soft moan.
He wrapped his hand around Sherlock’s thickening length and gave him a slow pull. “I could go get ready while you finish up recording these results.” John tipped his chin toward the kitchen table where Sherlock had been studying a slide. “Then you could come join me. You could watch me spreading myself open. Maybe help out until I’m finally ready?”
John let go, tasting iron and salt. He should feel bad for drawing blood, but John couldn’t regret it. The result was too spectacular, ribbons of white spilling across Sherlock’s stomach and the dripping slickness from where their bodies joined together. With a wicked gleam in his eye, he ran his fingers through the mess and licked them clean.
He undressed quickly, slipped into bed beside me and did not hesitate to take me in hand. I drew in a shuddering breath and groaned at the warmth of his touch, his breath on my neck, the heady knowledge that Watson himself was touching me.
Sherlock began to move, thrusting gently at first, bracing against John’s raised knees and gasped at the intensity of sensation.
That was when it hit, Sherlock’s scent shifted from a pleasant background to an intense cocktail of pheromones designed to entice, to appeal to the most basic part of John’s physiology.
John reached down, stroking Sherlock’s softening cock, making Sherlock shudder and moan against him. Sparks of pleasure skittered down John’s spine as he felt Sherlock tighten and release, pulsing around his knot.
Not long thereafter, I heard a noise upstairs. Hearing my Watson cry out, and thinking one of his nightmares had come upon him, I moved closer. At times I had been able to soothe his rest without him waking and so with purest intent, I ascended the stair to his room. I crept to the door, opening it a crack. To my shame, I could not turn away when I realized that he was very much awake and quite intimately engaged. He was so focused on his pleasure he never heard my traitorous spying, wasn’t disturbed by the weight of my leering gaze through the crack in the door. His cockstand was full, flushed dark, the head glossy with the first clear drops of his spending yet to come. My lips parted of their own volition and my hand fell to my own hardness. As he stroked himself from root to tip and back again my hand mimicked the motion. With burning cheeks I watched him until I had to muffle myself, biting down on my wrist lest I give myself away in my own crisis. I watched as his motions, once sure and steady, stuttered and slowly came to a halt as he spilled over his own hand. I dared not linger, for once he had come again to his senses, surely I would be discovered.
Although Sherlock’s scent hadn’t changed much yet, the preliminary symptoms would have been obvious, even if John didn’t have his extensive medical background. John knew even before Sherlock had begun spouting nonsense.
Sherlock whined and his cock began to swell again at John’s filthy words. Sherlock reached into the bedside table and produced a plug.
They danced around each other for weeks. Civil. The silences which had been contented and comfortably filled the space between them when they were occupied with their own tasks in the evenings felt stale. Stilted. It was hateful. They were more natural out of the house but it couldn’t be clearer that Sherlock regretted it, just as John had feared he would. He sounded so sure that first day.
John simulated orgasm again with the toy in Sherlock’s arse, then pulled him off the cock at the headboard and spun him around so he could mount it.
“Claim me, John. Mark me,” Sherlock panted between frantic kisses, grinding down against him, neck arched, exposed, vulnerable, even on top. “Bond with me, John. We are already partners in every other way. I’m yours.”
When he found his voice again John took a step forward. “I felt that. God, Sherlock? It’s- you’re really here. But you’re- how?” John reached up, tentatively at first, cupping the back of Sherlock’s head, searching his face. He looked drawn and worn down, dark smudges beneath his eyes as though he hadn’t slept for days. Worry lines furrowed his brow and there was a slight downturn to the corners of his mouth, as though he was unsure of how he’d be received given time and circumstances. He bloody well shouldn’t be sure of his reception. What the hell had he done? John found he couldn’t let him just stand there, but words failed him. He pulled Sherlock closer, knotting one hand in his dark curls. God, they were even softer than they looked. Silken and so very very real. His other hand clasped the bony jut of the detective’s hip. He was clinging too tightly, he knew. Not that Sherlock seemed to mind.
Sherlock drew him close. “I was rather hoping you’d have me,” he purred, giving John a playful nip on the ear then tilted his head, stretching out his neck in offering.
“Well it got him to let us in, didn’t it? Besides, I don’t have another and you’ve never indicated that you’d be okay being an official boyfriend.”
Sherlock bobbed his head twice more, then pulled off with an audible pop and flashed a wicked smile. “Problem?”
John smiled at him. “Need a little bit of time before that again.” He reached out and pressed the plug deeper, making Sherlock squirm. He was practically mewling. John smiled,“Beautiful.”
Sherlock was in the midst of introducing himself and John when he uttered, “This is John Watson, my boyfriend by default.” He wasn’t sure quite why he’d said it like that or to this particular person. It slipped out. He
I could not escape how insistent his tone, how concerned, even worried, he sounded, for all that I didn’t deserve his sympathies. I felt wretched, my stomach clenching. Still, I would not wish him more fears on my account. Life had brought him sorrows enough without him worrying after me. “Oh, if you must, Mother Hen.”
To my shame, Watson, thinking I was simply being recalcitrant in letting him help me, wrestled me from my nightclothes to complete an examination. The movement did nothing to alleviate my current condition, in fact, it inflamed me to far worse, perfectly undeniable state.
“Oh, John.” Sherlock said then blushed, not so much at John’s words, but at the slight panicked tone to his own voice.
John stripped off his shirt, tearing in his haste, but he couldn’t be arsed to care. Sherlock’s pants were damp with his own slick and John bent down to taste him, lapping at the soft, soaked cotton. Sherlock let out a low keening wail and begged again. “Just take me, John. I need you filling me up.” He stripped off his own pants, spreading his legs wantonly, his cock was hard and leaking though not as much as his delectable arse.
John’s smile broadened and he licked his lips. “Yeah, I could do that.” He closed the distance between them, and looked down at Sherlock’s face. “Hello, love.”
“I was thinking... a story.” From his tone, Sherlock didn’t just mean any sort of story. He wasn’t particularly responsive to visual porn, but they had discovered, he was able to thoroughly immerse himself in erotica and role play.
John set aside the tray and came to him, laying a hand gently on his shoulder. “Sherlock? You still want this? If you’ve changed your mind I-”
For a few minutes, the only sounds in their bedroom were John’s ragged breaths and the slick, wet sounds of him fingering himself open.
John didn’t seem irritated. More amused actually. At least fond. Sherlock decided to press on.  “John Watson, before you say you’re not gay, you
He chuckled darkly again, then stepped forward to straddle Sherlock’s head. Sherlock managed to look like he was gasping in shock while really just opening to swallow John down. The Captain wasted no time in thrusting straight down that throat. His brilliant little slag could not get enough of being facefucked, the delicious thrill of gasping for what breath he could muster between the relentless thrusts of John’s cock. He didn’t hold back, fucking merrily into the poor lad’s throat.
Sherlock nearly felt high on the cocktail of endorphins, serotonin, dopamine and norepinephrine flooding his system, the situation turning out to be as far from a problem as it  could get. In fact, it looked like he might be getting what he’d always wanted.
“What then?” John asked, but the sinking feeling in the pit of his stomach gave away what he already knew. Sherlock meant this.
On his way to the kitchen he caught sight of Sherlock silhouetted over by the window. No matter how many times it happened, it still made his breath catch. Stupid, misfiring brain. Grief had always done funny things to him.
“Oh my dear Watson, please. Close the door lest Mrs Hudson come in, but if you’re quite serious, stay on.”
John had always imagined if they ever got to this point that it would be gentle, like they might break each other and the fragile thing between them if they held too tight. But this was brutal, years worth of pent-up love and lust and things unsaid spilling out, as if the fingertip bruises no doubt forming on each other’s hips could somehow spell out all that they meant to one another, words they hadn’t been able to bring themselves to voice.
It shouldn’t have to change anything. They were adults. These were just biological impulses. Almost everyone had them and there wasn’t any shame in giving in to them anymore. No one younger than his gran insisted you had to be bonded to fuck.
“John!” Sherlock cried out, trembling as pleasure washed through him. When he came back to himself, John was staring down at him.
John glanced at the door then back at Sherlock, running over what Sherlock had just said. Did he really mean…
John wouldn’t have believed that Sherlock Holmes could blush, even pale as he was, if he hadn’t seen it with his own eyes, but blush he did. His eyes were wide in near-wonder, as if John hung the stars as he answered softly, “For you.”
“I am not certain I have ever surprised you so. Did you know I thought of you last night?” Watson whispered. “I have never dreamed I could truly have you. You haven’t shown the slightest interest in love of any sort, until now.” He pressed close to me and I could feel his passions stirred, the hard length of him jutting against my hip. I sighed and wriggled against him.
Sherlock dribbled more slick over his own fingers and John’s, then slid the tip of his finger all around the rim of John’s stretched hole. His own cock throbbed with desire.
Sherlock had to restrain himself from brushing John’s prostate again before he pulled his finger free, but he’d do as John wanted. He slicked his cock and shifted to his knees, lining up. He pressed in, and his breath caught at the feel of it, nearly overwhelmed at the heat that surrounded his cock and that look on John’s face.
By the end John had begun to cursing himself for giving in, as realization dawned. Sherlock would be able to go back to normal. To delete everything if that’s what he wanted. John didn’t have that luxury.
“That’s right. You’re one of us now. Just hold out a little longer. I’ll let you come when I’m ready.”
John took a couple breaths before answering, “Keep that up and I’m going to come. Surprised I didn’t, actually. You’re amazing, love, but I’ll be too sensitive to--. I’d rather…” he adjusted his position, pulling his fingers free. “Please, Sherlock. I can’t wait anymore. Fuck me.”
Sherlock turned, his head muffled against John’s skin. “I tried not to.” He pushed himself up on his elbow, actually meeting John’s gaze.  “Then while I was...away, loving you was the only thing keeping me going. I’d never have managed it-”
“You don’t have to look ashamed about it. Nearly everyone past puberty does. We just don’t all cry out our flatmate’s name.” Sherlock’s voice was light, but his gaze was hungry as he added, “Of course since both of us do so, there shouldn’t really be a problem.”
The furrow between Sherlock’s brows eased and he sighed in relief. “Oh! Heightened emotions, the unexpectedness of my return. You’re giddy. Endorphins, adrenaline, norepinephrine, dopamine-”
. He rolled his hips, savoring Sherlock’s moans. He was trembling slightly with the effort to hold back and John was overcome.
John groaned and nodded. Sherlock brushed his fingers over John’s thighs, making him shiver. He grabbed a pillow, nudging John up and sliding the pillow under his arse, before picking up the lubricant. As he slicked his fingers, he watched with rapt fascination as John slid his finger deeper inside himself. After a few thrusts John added a second.
Then he’d left Lestrade messages with solutions to a half dozen cold cases, which he’d been ignoring in a dusty old box in the corner for ages.
“We should probably leave the bedroom. It must be nearly midday,” Watson said and the regret I could hear in his voice made my heart soar.
Of course, at first he’d had experiments to work on. He’d finished analyzing pandemic data and for once actually listened to the health advisories. They were past the point of nervousness over either of them coming down with it, but neither would dream of passing it to Mrs Hudson, so they were stuck indoors. Groceries were delivered and wiped down. The kitchen was the cleanest John had ever managed and Sherlock even helped.
John walked away to the bedroom. He set the dagger on the dresser, retrieved lube, and set out a series of insertables of various sizes. He planned to let the rest of the crew have a go with Sherlock until he begged for mercy or John’s arm gave out, and that required a bit of variety for believability.
‘Nonsense’ was probably too strong a word, but from Sherlock? It sounded like complete rubbish. In all the time they’d known one another, there was never any indication that Sherlock wanted to share heat with anyone at all. He’d never sought a relationship with anyone. He wasn’t exactly likely to start nesting now. It was just the hormones.
John let him have his lie in, but it had nearly gone 2 in the afternoon. “Up you get, Sherlock. We’ve been cooped up for weeks. I know you’re going a bit crazy with it, but you aren’t tired. You should get out of bed, get dressed, or depression is going to completely overtake you. I usually let these moods run their course, but I don’t think we can survive it in quarantine.”
want to be with anyone else. I don’t want to chase anyone else, take care of anyone else. And I certainly wouldn’t want to bond with anyone else. I’m all yours, Sherlock, if you’ll have me.”
Sherlock’s eyes shone bright with emotion in the dim light of the room. “I love you too. I tried to say it that day on the roof, but I couldn’t. Not knowing I had to jump. I wasn’t sure I’d ever make it back to you. Of the ninety most likely scenarios there were only nine in which you loved me back and in seven of those you were much more likely to punch me in the face than to kiss me when I returned. I’m glad you kissed me, John.”
John opened his eyes as Sherlock broke the kiss and stared up at him with a slightly awed smile and nodded minutely.
John sighed as he climbed the 17 steps and again unlocked the flat. He was tired and the weather wasn’t helping. The air felt heavy today. It was likely going to rain and that was making his shoulder ache. At least the limp wasn’t too bad today. Pathetic. Some days he swore he was turning into his old Gramps. Christ he felt old.
Sherlock’s cock was leaking onto the sheets below. His legs began to tremble and he clamped down. Heat pooled in John’s groin as his own cock began to thicken. He could usually make Sherlock come at least once before he was hard again, but he wasn’t so sure today.
John nuzzled into Sherlock’s neck, breathing in the scent of him. “Oh, I’ll certainly do that,” he said as his hand palmed Sherlock’s cock. He took another steadying breath. “You truly want this? With me?”
Sherlock grabbed John’s hands and arched back his rhythmic motion becoming more frantic, more forceful. Say what you want about alphas and omegas, but there was nothing at all passive in Sherlock. He was urgent, a whirlwind, and all John could do this time was hang on. It was exhilarating, glorious.
Sherlock hummed contented acknowledgement. They should clean up, but for now it was enough to lie here, in John’s arms “Love you, too,” he murmured dreamily as John stroked his hair.
“Sorry.” John choked out between laughs. “Sorry, s’not you.” John met Sherlock’s gaze, taking in a complex mix of hurt and wariness. “Or us! I want this, it’s just… a lot. Shock, I think.” John backed up and sat heavily on the couch.
John fisted a hand in Sherlock’s curls and drew him upright by his hair, quickly bound Sherlock’s forearms together in front of him and marched him into the living room. “We have ourselves a stowaway!” the Captain announced gleefully, as though to his crew.
“It was petty, but it annoyed them that I couldn’t keep track of them. Probably made you seem fickle, like you picked and chose among hordes of pursuing omegas. Could just have made it seem like you were a tremendously good catch to have so much interest, but…” Sherlock looked away.
John squared his shoulders, straightened his posture and calmly walked to his jacket. Slipping his hand into the inner pocket, he retrieved his little vial, a particular blend of eucalyptus and clove that he favored. He paused just a moment, breathing in the heady scent of the room one last time before he destroyed it. Sherlock always smelled glorious, but now he was the most sensual, delectable thing John had ever experienced. His unaided resolve couldn’t hold out much longer.
John pushed in a little further, savoring the silky, wet heat surrounding him. “God, you’re so good, Sherlock.” He leaned down and bit Sherlock’s shoulder hard, close enough to a bond mark for a thrill, but far enough away to be safe. After all, Sherlock had made it quite clear from day one that he belonged to no one and had no intention of changing. John didn’t let go, not yet. biting harder as he drove himself deeper into Sherlock’s arse.
John gave him a sly smile, and pulled Sherlock up to standing. He reached out, running his hand up under the lapels of Sherlock’s dressing gown and drawing his fingers slowly down the worn-thin shirt and finally to his pyjama pants. He slipped a hand inside. “If you’d like,” he whispered, then hummed appreciatively as his hand brushed against Sherlock’s growing erection. “It seems like you would.”
“I know I’m not the kind of omega you want, but I’d never asked anyone to share my heat in my life. I didn’t expect that I couldn’t just… I’m not sure I can just get over this, John.”
John raised a brow at Sherlock, but did not move from the chair in which he had firmly planted himself.
I did not emerge from my quarters even as the sky drew light and I could hear the stirrings of the household all around me. At last, as was inevitable, Watson knocked upon my door. “Holmes? Are you quite all right?”
John looked up at him with a lopsided grin. “Yeah. Come here. I needed a minute, but I think I’d like to get back to welcoming you home.”
Sherlock kissed him and curled up against his side, resting his head on John’s shoulder and sighed contentedly. “Whatever we do it’ll be perfect. It feels unreal. To be home. To get to have this.”
At last, John released him, pulling out of his mouth. He shifted around and grabbed Sherlock’s hips, as if he was the crewman finally taking control of the action, forcing him back onto the cock for a final few thrusts before pushing him away.
He stripped out of everything but his shirt, then grabbed the lube and returned to his captive. Sherlock lay on his side. His breathing had returned to normal. His hands looked good. “Captain Watson‘ll be back inna moment. Enough rest fer you,” he squawked in an accent which would have been ridiculous had they both not been so damn turned on. He wrestled Sherlock onto his elbows and knees. He stepped over Sherlock and straddled his waist, adding a bit of stability to the position. John knew the pressure would make him feel more (deliciously) trapped. He popped the cap and his cock throbbed at the way Sherlock struggled when ‘Smith’ drizzled lubricant between the cheeks of his arse. Those struggles intensified and he cried out as rough fingers worked him open. The pirates were never delicate.
John drew the scabbard of the dagger down Sherlock’s back. He cried out, so far gone he couldn’t tell it was sheathed.
By the time they opened the door to leave, Lestrade’s team had surrounded the house. The arrest was a short business. Though their suspect did try to do a runner, John was on him before he got more than a few feet from the porch, tackling him to the ground in a move that was more rugby than military. Magnificent. Watching him set Sherlock’s heart hammering. It didn’t take long for the team to get their man cuffed and into the waiting car. Sherlock answered a few questions for Lestrade, then hailed a cab to take them back to Baker Street.
Sherlock bent down and kissed him deeply, savoring the feel of being joined together. John was right; it felt completely different from this side of things, but wonderful.
In answer, the Captain hauled him to his feet and spun him around, stripping the dressing gown from his shoulders. He braced his captive against the closet door and wielded the flogger in a deft figure-eight pattern to rain blows on his shoulders and upper back.
come to think of John that way, but certainly hadn’t meant to bring it up aloud, especially in front of a stranger, and on a case no less. Leaving off the odd ‘by default’ would have made more sense if he was trying to further disarm him by implying that that they were gay too.
wanted to try, I should let you know.” John paused again, not hesitant, just letting his words sink in. He held himself upright and there was no more fidgeting. He stepped behind Sherlock and slid his arms around him. He bent down to whisper in his ear, “So this is me, letting you know that I want you to slide into me. To fill me up.” He paused a little breathy sigh and nibbled playfully on Sherlock’s ear. “I want to feel you come inside me.”
Sherlock’s voice was hushed, barely above a whisper, as he answered. “Now, I want things that aren’t mine to take.”
“Show me,” Watson asked and I could not refuse him. Reaching down, I stroked lightly over my bollocks, drawn tight with desire, then took myself in hand.
Finally, he’d run out of things to do and went to bed sometime yesterday and had been holed up in there for half the day.
In a few movements John had managed to take on that air of command that Sherlock relished. His breath quickened and he ducked further under the mound of pillows as if trying to hide.
Sherlock kisses him again and  lifted up just enough for John to shuck out of his trousers and pants. He stripped off his own clothes completely and settled over John reaching down to steady John’s cock as he sank down. His eyes rolled back with the pleasure of it and he moaned deep in his throat
Every time John closed his eyes he could see Sherlock’s beautiful face contorted with pleasure or the way his eyes looked wide with desire. So vulnerable, too, in a way Sherlock never let himself be seen. He had let John in. To have had that, tasted that trust and peace and then to go back to this? Barely more than flatmates? It was unbearable. John ached for him.
John hadn’t sat down yet. He ducked his head slightly, shifting his weight from one foot to the other. “I’ve been thinking and… I want you to fuck me.”
Sherlock leaned forward and licked the precome, then crooked his fingers again as he took John’s cock into his mouth, sucking gently.
Sherlock shuddered and groaned atop him, writhing with the pleasure of connection. The pain was bright, but the pleasure brighter and Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut at the sheer intensity of it. He felt the flush of his skin, the dampness of his thighs. The ache deep inside to be filled, so intense it hurt. It wasn’t time. Not for two more months, yet. “John?”
“Yes, I’m really here. I’m home.” Sherlock wrapped his arms around John as though he’d found a lifeboat after days and days of treading water.
Everything about Sherlock’s body language shut John out. It hurt, but he had no real choice but to honor his wishes. He kept trying not to think of it, blocking out the specifics of what Sherlock had said, but that did nothing to alleviate the dull ache left in their wake.
Sherlock felt lightheaded. Giddy, even. When he had dared think of such things at all, (and there was no sense lying about it, that had been rather often) he had come up with at least sixteen scenarios where John huffily went for some air or even stayed a few nights with Harry while he adjusted. There was one, however unlikely to occur, in which he flat-out left, which was too horrifying to contemplate for more than a minute altogether. In seven further scenarios, he simply went to his room and the next morning carried on as normal that day and thereafter, but never spoke of it again. Sherlock had barely let himself think on the (thirteen) ways things played out more positively and certainly hadn’t had the conscious intention to attempt any of them today.
“A successful experiment deserves repetition, and those results are certainly worth replicating,“ Sherlock said with a wink.
Sherlock stopped laughing and looked at John. “But what about all those little homemaker omegas you pursued? I know Sarah couldn’t wait to have a brood. The next alpha she dated had her bonded and bred in a cycle.”
The Captain set aside the dagger and held up a polished wooden plug about the length of his palm. “Had this beauty specially made.” Without any further warning, he positioned the tip at his captive’s slick entrance and pressed firmly with the heel of his hand, until the base was snugly in place.
He smiled to himself, holding Sherlock close in the tangled sheets. “I thought I’d missed my chance. I never had the courage to tell you. I love you. I think I’ve loved you since that very first night.”
Between the look of bliss on John’s face and the way he pulsed and shuddered around Sherlock, it was too much. His hips stuttered another few short thrusts and then he was coming, riding the waves of pleasure as he filled John for the first time.
Clearly realising what was in John’s hands, Sherlock’s eyes flashed and he launched himself off the sofa faster than John had ever seen him move, which was saying something.
Sherlock released John and shuddered, panting against his ear. “That was…” he began, but trailed off as if words failed him for once.
When his orgasm subsided, John stared fondly down at Sherlock. His eyes were watering, but as his breathing returned to normal, he smiled shyly and licked his lips.
But what he felt with Sherlock had been so much more than biology, more than just pheromones and chemical reactions. It was desperate. John had been pining for so long. He poured out his love in that heat in ways he could never admit out loud. It must have been more than Sherlock could handle.
As I stole a glance at Watson and what I saw nearly took my breath away. His lips were parted and his pupils blown wide and dark. He licked his lips and reached for his own prick, never breaking our gaze as he began to stroke himself too.
John rose from the bed, planning a bit as he discarded his jumper and untucked his shirt. He thought he’d seen them… ah, yes. He picked up an unfolded map of the underground and there they were. He folded the map and set it aside, pushed the handle of the flogger into the side of his waistband and thrust the jewel-hilted dagger beside it into his belt, then shifted slightly, straightening his back.  He strode back to the bed and peered down at Sherlock.
“Oh, John. Only you.” Sherlock’s voice was deeper even than his usual baritone and the way he said John’s name filled him with warmth. It spread through him, radiating like the comfort of a hot cup of cocoa in the chill of a winter morning. “It’s only ever been you.”
Sherlock spread his legs and lowered his head submissively as the Captain asked, “Who do you serve?”
“Anything you’d particularly like to start with? Your dates with women always start with an outing, but in this case, can the interrogation and arrest count? I’d rather not go back out today. Usually there is also food, but if a meal is necessary we can order in. Or you could start by coming here.”
All in all it had gone rather well, Sherlock thought, despite his odd introduction of John. Perhaps, he was going to let that slip past. But as his eyes drifted to the flatmate sitting beside him in the cab, that seemed unlikely. He looked tense, his posture rigid and fist clenching reflexively, as it so frequently did when he was agitated. Sherlock watched as John drew a deep quiet breath and held it a moment before speaking.
Just then John bustled back in with a tray. He’d made them food of some kind. There were two mugs of hot tea and a pot to refresh them and toast with a selection of jams, marmite or marmalade for breakfast. Protein bars, whole fruit, a packet of the chocolate biscuits Sherlock liked, and bottles of water that would be good over the next day without having to stop to prepare them. He was well prepared.
An almost shy, muffled, “What if you were a pirate captain?” came from Sherlock, his head half-buried in the pillows.
“I liked watching you. It was intense, but felt good. A little strange, but it was with you.” Sherlock smiled.
“Well, there is my problem, Watson.” I tried to ignore the tremor in my own voice as I admitted to it. No sense in denying now.
He pushed Sherlock to his knees, then drew the flogger again. “Twenty strokes for stealing passage, and another twenty for any supplies you’ve stolen. Count them out for me.”
John was fully hard again, but enjoying the delicious ache of it. He babbled some nonsense about the next man and selected the next toy. The purple silicone cock was as thick as his own, but slightly shorter. He used a gravelly voice to intone, “Think I’ll take my time with this one. Look at him, all desperate for it. I don’t think he’ll run.” He pushed Sherlock onto his side, subtly checked for lividity in his fingers as he untied the sash that bound his arms. All was well. “There, love. Shake ‘em out. Don’t make me sorry about that, neither, or I’ll bind you to the mast.” After a moment, he grabbed Sherlock around the waist and hoisted him up to kneeling again, this time upright, cradled against John’s chest. He slid the toy in about an inch, then withdrew.
He wrapped his hand around Sherlock’s throat lightly, not choking really, but fueling the sense of menace and danger. God, he could feel his cock through Sherlock’s throat, the flesh pressing up against his palm as he thrust deep. It was too much. He held him in place and came hard as Sherlock sputtered and flailed.
John gasped. “I like having you watch me.” He pressed in, the tip of one finger just breaching, then withdrawing and repeating the motion. His eyes slipped closed as he sped up.
“It’s more intense with you watching me.” John looked at him through lowered lashes and, taking in Sherlock’s questioning expression and added, “It’s better.”
Sherlock touched the wound on his shoulder shivering at the heady mix of pain and pleasure that even the brush of his own fingertips brought. John had marked him. Marked, yes, but he hadn’t claimed, not truly.
He whirled around, thinking he’d have to apologise for shouting and instead stopped stock still, just staring.
It wasn’t exactly a denial. He didn’t sound offended. Curious perhaps, as to what gave it away? That was all right, then. “You glance at my lips more than you do with other people, you stand closer to me than you do to others as well. You describe attractive men as floridly as you do women on your blog. I saw you checking out our waiter’s arse the other night, which is barely worth noting as it isn’t actually an unusual occurrence regardless of their gender. But mostly,” Sherlock paused,  “I can hear you through the vent.”
Though I had often noted that Watson was not the most observant of men, he needed no carefully honed skills to see what was plainly visible upon my person, the interest he had aroused in me. His cheeks flushed and eyes darted everywhere at once before he turned his back to me.
Sherlock obliged and was made quite welcome indeed. On the couch, and the floor, and eventually even his old bed.
John tilted his head up and Sherlock met his gaze. He had imagined so many times what he would say if Sherlock was here again, but he found himself dumbstruck by the reality of it. He was sure down to his bones that this wasn’t just a progression of the hallucinations. He knew some people could touch, taste, have any manner of sensory experience with their breakdowns, but this was different. Sherlock was neither caked with blood like after the fall, nor like he had been before. There was a scar by his left eye that he hadn’t left with and he was so thin. John was certain his imagination had never conjured up stubble and he wondered if it would rasp against his cheeks.
The stowaway’s eyes widened for a moment and his voice trembled just so, as he asked, “Am I to be whipped, sir?”
“John?” Sherlock whispered, low and soothing, as though trying not to startle him more than any of this already had.
Watson looked at me, a question in his eyes and I nodded, though to what I was agreeing I truly couldn’t have said. I hadn’t even attempted to deduce it, just along for whatever my dear Watson had in mind.
Watson blinked at me in wonder and let out a pleased, satisfied groan, then pulled me close. He tilted my chin up and, to my amazement and delight, moved to kiss me. I let myself be drawn into the embrace and the first touch of his lips on mine was tender and soft. I returned his kisses with passion and delight, as if I could pour out all the love I felt for him into the soft movements of our mouths. At last we drew apart and, though we had not spoken it aloud, I could see in Watson’s eyes that he felt just the same.
“Protection,” Sherlock finished easily. “Makes sense. Me either, though I was tested during my last stint at rehab and there’ve been no partners since. No IV drugs either, though I was meticulous about needles even when that was my habit.”
Sherlock was no fool. He wasn’t domestic, wasn’t likely to feed John up, clean the flat, make a decent nest. He had no interest in being bred and never had. Well, outside of that hormone addled heat state where it always sounded good and right and possibly even necessary. Was that it? The omegas John had seen before wanted all that. So John must too.
“Holmes, I-- I’m sorry. I should have listened when you said you wished to be alone. I was worried about you. I thought you were ill. Although...” He paused, peeking over his shoulder at me, his countenance at once sly and wary. “If you still wanted help…”
Sherlock looked deeply affronted, his face falling, but John had seen omegas in heat before and knew their desperation, and later their regret. The last thing he needed was to give in to what he wanted to do with Sherlock, and then have him resent it. And no matter what he was saying now, he would regret it. All this begging was just hormonal nonsense.
I raced back to my bedroom and threw myself down on the bed, heart hammering and nightshirt shamefully wet. Would that were the end of it. It had been many years since I had paid my transport any carnal attention and within a remarkably short time I felt the need to abuse myself further, depraved thoughts filling my mind. I squeezed my eyes shut tight and licked the juices from my first emission from my fingers, sucking greedily on them as I imagined it was his member taken thusly into my mouth. When I could stand the buildup of desire no longer, I took myself in hand again, imagining his hand on my prick, his kisses pressed to my mouth. My fingers inched further back, gently pressing behind my bollocks. I had never reached climax again so swiftly. Seldom had I reached climax at all. I fairly swooned with it, waking some time later to make my ablutions before falling back into a fitful sleep.
. He pushed in as deep as he could, enveloped in the tight sheath of Sherlock’s body and stilled. Pleasure washed through him, whiting out his vision for a moment as his knot inflated fully, sealing them together. It seemed to go on forever as he flooded Sherlock with wave after wave of his seed. His whole body tingled with ecstasy, white hot and overwhelming.
Despite the awkwardness, they were invited in. The suspect offered them tea, which they declined saying they would only be a moment as they had a few more leads to check on. Of course they weren’t going to drink anything he served them, given that he had absolutely been the one to poison the deceased.
Sherlock’s eyes shone overbright. He squeezed them shut, a single tear escaping. “You’re my home too, John. Always.”
By the time he’d reached twenty, the little thief was panting and his back glowed a beautiful pink. John caressed the warm skin tenderly, giving Sherlock a chance to catch his breath.
“Knowing that we are both clean actually sounds remarkably sexy to me,” John said, straddling Sherlock’s hips, sliding just so.
“Good lad,” the Captain praised. He pulled the plug out and slicked a mid sized dildo, and tucked the bottle under his arm to warm. He’d need a bit of recovery time, but there was no reason to let Sherlock cool down. He held the toy at the right angle and pushed it in slowly.
They were locked together, their bodies forcing them to take this moment, to savor it and not rush ahead. The sound of Sherlock’s contented breathing was lulling and they curled in on one another in a hazy near doze. As his knot receded, John knew they’d need to clean up, to call in to the surgery for another short leave, to think about eating something to keep their energy up, and surely there were people who’d want to know their happy news. But not yet. The thoughts and plans were distant and Sherlock showed no signs of the remotest interest in moving quite yet. John smiled against his omega’s neck and kissed him lightly, more at peace then he could ever recall. The world could wait awhile longer. This moment was theirs alone.
The following morning I could not imagine how I was to look upon Watson the same way. A fever had come over me, a sickness brought upon no doubt by my condition. I had avoided entanglements so far, hiding my inversion as mere disinterest. How could I deny it now?
“This is what you need, Sherlock?” John ran his fingers through Sherlock’s slick, and stroked himself then held himself just at Sherlock’s entrance, waiting to hear him say it once more.
They lay together a long while, just holding each other, before Sherlock slipped off, whispering, “Good?” as he slid up beside John.
“Oh?” Sherlock cocked a brow at him. Clearly there was more to this or John would just have started kissing and steered them back to the bedroom. It wouldn’t have been the first time by far.
Those little words pushed just the right alpha buttons, and John was gripped with a searing spike of need to
John had spent the whole heat with him. Sherlock actually ate and drank without much prompting and for that matter even slept when he needed it. John had been careful never to leave when Sherlock was asleep again. They were always together, used to one another’s rhythms and routines, but this was different. 221b always felt like home, but this was… it was everything
John emerged and went through his usual routine of getting comfortable: setting aside shoes, hanging up his coat. He cleared his throat and looked at Sherlock, uncertainty clouding his features. “You know, I’ve never done this before.”
John cut him off with a kiss, fierce and possessive and grateful. “Even though I never left, I never thought I’d be home again either. You’re home, Sherlock. You’re my home.”
Sherlock whimpered and shivered, but Captain Watson only chuckled darkly and nudged Sherlock’s legs apart and began his next series of blows to Sherlock’s arse and thighs.
“Hello,” Sherlock returned, tilting his head up. Thankfully, John took it for the invitation it was, bending down to capture Sherlock’s lips once more.
John pressed his heel to Sherlock’s back until he canted forward, balanced on his bound forearms and knees. He let the flogger fly, landing faster and harder, as his captive counted.
His strokes became faster as he kissed my neck, making me shiver under the delightful tickling of his whiskers. He whispered, his voice low and rumbling, sending sparks of desire through the very core of me. “I know you were there last night. I am reasonably certain I had closed my bedroom door before I retired. Nearly as certain as I was that the hallway smelled of your tobacco. I was terrified at being caught out, that I might have ruined everything, but now-” he let go and I cried out at the loss of his touch. “Now, I think you perhaps liked the show.” He gave me a wicked smile that made my face glow with warmth and I buried my face against his shoulder.  He stroked a single finger up my length, as teasing as his voice. “Did you touch yourself? Did you think of me? I hope so.”
“I can’t stop thinking about you. I thought I could get it out of my system if I just knew what it was like, but it’s been so much worse.”
“What the hell?” In the moment before he turned and took in who stood behind him, he half expected Mrs. Hudson, who sometimes still brought him biscuits or scones, but she didn’t usually sneak up on him.
It didn’t take long before he gave them just what they needed. Sherlock asked a few questions, some answered and some dodged, but, the killer gave himself away when he called the victim’s dog by name, proving they’d known each other before.
“Who says they can’t be?” John went to him, sweeping him into his arms and kissing him, tentatively at first. Could this really what Sherlock wanted?
“Mount me, use me!” Sherlock shouted. “Isn’t that what you were made to do, John?” His tone shifted as he turned, pleading, “Isn’t that what you’ve been trying with all the insipid little omegas you insist on dating? I’m right here! Ready for you.” He wriggled his bottom in his chair as though trying to scratch an unscratchable itch. “Do it! John, I can’t stand this. I can’t think. Fix it, John! You know you can. You’d like it. I know you haven’t gotten a leg over in a while. Please.”
“Oh, love. You’re ready for me already, aren’t you. So soon?” John’s cock swelled further. “Tell me what you need,” he said, pulling Sherlock down into a kiss.
bisexual. You know it. I know it. And if Harry wasn’t so bi-phobic everyone else would know it. I was happy enough to ignore it when I thought you weren’t interested.”
“You,” Sherlock said, his voice rough. “I only need you. Nothing else, just you right now. I want to ride you right here until we’re sealed together and you coat me inside and out with your come. I want to revel in your scent and the way mine changes when you’re with me. ”
They broke apart, breathless and flushed, John had to marvel at the wonder in Sherlock’s eyes that he knew was reflected in his own.
“Give me a minute, you glorious slag. Do I have to plug you up until I’m ready for another round? Watch you desperately hump yourself all filled up with my come? You’re so nice and stretched open, you can’t keep it all in. ”
Quarantine. The whole city was basically on lockdown. No doubt it was a dreadful business for anyone and everyone, (except possibly manufacturers of disinfectants). But for Sherlock Holmes? Intolerable.
“God, I thought I was done with the visions, or hallucinations or whatever you are. It’s been at least six months since the last one.” John said to the apparition. He’d given up trying to figure out why he spoke aloud to them; he just did. “So what are you here to tell me? What did I miss this time, hmm?” He paused a moment and when no answer was forthcoming, continued. “Quieter than he was, you know. Well, I guess there were whole days he didn’t talk. He warned me that. I won’t forget. Not ever. But if there’s something my mind needs to tell me with you, just get on with it, because I know you aren’t really here.” John said firmly and stalked away. He banged the kettle around a bit harder than strictly necessary as he filled it at the tap and switched it on. He set out the mug and threw a teabag in.  His eyes were prickling and he squinched them shut, choking back a sob.
John’s dreams were restless, not the sated post-heat sleep he’d had with one offs before. In the middle of the night John woke and couldn’t get back to sleep. He crept downstairs and wanked in the shower, squeezing his knot rhythmically like when Sherlock had shuddered out his own climax around him.You’d think after four days he’s be sated but, just the memory of being in Sherlock’s bed was overwhelming.
John hummed appreciation and stroked him again. “I think we should keep that mouth of his busy too.” He grabbed a large silicone cock with a suction cup base and mounted it against the headboard before dragging Sherlock over to it.
Well, by helped, John meant that Sherlock had analysed a scrap of the sponge from the sink, tested the claims of several sanitizing wipes and found them remarkably valid.
God, those words from John’s lips. How could something be so filthy and so lovely at the same time? Sherlock could feel himself hardening already. “Now?” he breathed. He desperately hoped John would say yes.
Sherlock glanced up from his experiment, taking in John’s damp tousled hair and the towel, low slung about his hips.
He tugged on Sherlock’s pyjama bottoms. The waistband caught on Sherlock’s stiff cock and John reached around, giving him a few firm strokes before stripping him naked. “I think he likes this, my boys. Perhaps this isn’t punishment enough.”
“Going to be difficult, considering at least one of her feet is up here,” Sherlock said, reaching just into the open part of the egg to touch her foot, resting sole up against her shoulder.
John made as if to pull away, but Sherlock held him tight.  The strain on John's back was too great, finally, and he lowered himself to his knees, his face finally nearly on a level with Sherlock's, though the other man's eyes were closed.
"Hmmmm."  Sherlock was nearly purring.  John wasn't sure he'd ever heard him so amused.  "Is it a bluff, though?"
In the kitchen he sighed with relief again at the sight of the clean table, the tidy room without any evidence of experimentation. The food grinder that Sarah had insisted upon sat on the worktop, awaiting the moment when it would shine, in no less than half a year's time, the bottle warmer next to it. John resolved to put the food grinder away the next day, above the refrigerator, at the very least. He put the kettle on and sat down, but every time he closed his eyes, he could see Sherlock's doppelganger, taunting him in this very room.
“It was a pleasant time,” Sigeursonn continued. He turned towards John, looking him up and down where he sat with the egg on his upon his lap.  John thought of setting the egg aside so he could stand up and shake hands properly, but he didn’t want to be seen as too cavalier with the egg.
"Yeah, I'll have to look into that.  Thanks."  Inside he panicked for a moment, thinking that paternity leave meant proving that the baby was real, that it had been born, in the usual sense, and that he was its legal parent.  He was trying to figure out how to cover up the lies that would have to spring from this, to Sarah, at least, but then she would check on him, asking Judith if he'd put in his forms.... He was distracted for the moment by the arrival of their starters, a cold pea and mint soup for him, and a single caprese bruschetta for Sarah.
Ann brushed the knees of her cords off and sat in the chair as the lighted base of the box started to glow.
Sherlock nodded and John shifted her so she was cradled in his arms, her head still tilted up in the crook of his elbow.  “Asleep already?” John asked her.
“Annborg would know.  I can call her.”  Sherlock had no sooner reached for his phone than the egg shook, the two cracks along the upper part of the egg widening, then joining at the apex as the entire shard was pushed out.  It hung on by a thread of albumin, but the egg was open, the top of the shard easily wider than the two thumb widths that Annborg had warned them about.
Sherlock stood and stretched, then filled his glass again, standing in the middle of the floor to drink.
"Sarah, this is Anthea, a family friend."  The lie tripped off his tongue so lightly that he almost believed it for a moment.
"Yes, as I said, it's alright with me that you share this with her. When the baby arrives it will be inevitable, but beyond that I know you trust her. She's not a dull woman, even if she was eminently unsuitable for you, and it may be useful to have her aware of the fact that we're expecting a baby.  Certainly you're not going to be able to be at her beck and call for covering shifts all over London."
John pulled back and groaned, tasting blood on his mouth, loosened his arms and let Sherlock lean until he was nearly on his side.  John kept himself sunk inside the tight heat of Sherlock's body as he managed to kneel astride Sherlock's lower thigh, pushing the other one up and over his shoulder.
"I'm finally having lunch with Sarah tomorrow."  John held his jumper up and away from his body as Sherlock settled the egg against his skin, then snugged the fabric down over it, though he kept his hands held just under it as well. The thought of what would happen if either of them dropped it to the floor was enough to send a shiver through his body, one that was cut short by the very fact that his brain rejected the idea before he could even contemplate it.
“It's the hormones.” Sigeursonn looked reticent, an interesting expression on his face that had been, until that moment, entirely devoid of any kind of apparent self awareness. “Were you not going to try to find out?”
“I've heard that parents dream of a vanished pregnancy or an empty crib. It's the anxiety, the fear of thinking you won't be able to care for an infant, or the difficulty in imagining the gestating foetus to be a baby.” His heart sank when he remembered the last person he'd heard tell of that sort of dream, a woman who had miscarried searching frantically for her child. The egg's lack of reassuring movement once again weighed on his mind.
He laughed softly as the camera's picture blurred and moved again, Sherlock holding the camera to capture his own face.  He wore a black watch cap, his only nod to being incognito on a night when most people didn't notice anything in front of their own faces, but it was unmistakably him.  He spoke briefly, and then the screen went dark.
There was the briefest flicker of confusion on Sherlock's face, tightening around the eyes, and then he was unfolding himself, standing up on the sofa for a moment before stepping down to the floor. "Why Scots?" he asked, affecting not to care, a sure sign that he really wanted the answer to something he didn't know.
John sighed, happy to let the thought go.  Sherlock was right, and while it had stung, while he would have welcomed the chance to take on the risks for himself, to work with Sherlock, it was water under the bridge.  Sherlock was here now, and John couldn't help but admit that he was glad that they both were alive.
John waited until he'd walked away.  "I didn't know you didn't eat gluten."  The combination of Mycroft's thoughtfulness with his ever present need to remind John that he was watching and aware had left him on edge.
“It’s an eight, John, maybe even a nine.  I’ll be home in two hours, three at the most.  There’s dinner on the cooktop for you.”  He paused just long enough to kiss John’s cheek as he handed him the egg.  “See you soon.”
He had a sudden clear vision of what Sherlock must look like, stretched out on the sofa, pale, grimacing at the ORS.
"No. I think I've seen enough here." He took a deep breath to try and quell the almost overwhelming feeling of sadness and longing he felt. If he could, we would appear instantly, sit in the chair set for him and enjoy being with his family. After everything he had put them through over the years, that they would still want him there and still care about him was a testament to their love. He vowed to try better in the future to spend more time with them, even if it was just in short bursts. Little and often maybe. Yes, that would do nicely.
Christmas had gradually lost its lustre as the years went by. Decreasing by slow increments ever since he deduced that Santa wasn't real and that it was Daddy who was eating the mince pie and quaffing the sherry Sherlock had so carefully laid out each Christmas Eve. That and the fact that Fatcroft kept making snide comments as Sherlock wrote out his letter every year, diligently posting it in the special box in the village shop. When the magic was finally blasted away, so was the innocent joy Sherlock had once had at Christmas. Now he simply hated everything about it. This year was looking like it was going to be worse than ever.
"It's Mycroft, mother." She looked at him in fond remonstrance and awaited the answer to her actual question. "He's fine. I've put extra surveillance in the flat and I have the best people monitoring him for any suspicious activity." Sherlock grit his teeth upon hearing, the planned phone call in the morning quickly being dashed off his to-do list.
“To what do I owe this pleasure, Watson?” His voice was croaky from sleep, a yawn punctuating the end of the sentence.
“Yes, little Bee. Yes, I’ll be your Da.” Sherlock picked her up and held her against him, kissing her hair. John wrapped them both in his arms before looking up at his friend’s face, tears in both men’s eyes.
“Sherlock!” He wasn’t sure whether it was his name being called that woke him, or the weight of a nearly two-year-old Rosie Watson landing on his sternum. She giggled when he peered at her from under the edge of the duvet.
"Not too much call for pirouetting, ya mean." They both snorted a laugh and continued to smoke. After a few moments, Janine was wondering if he would say anything else at all. He seemed to have disappeared into his thoughts, the sadness in full view for her to see. "You look sad when he can't see you." He turned to face her sharply, mouth open slightly in what looked like shock. "What? I've seen it before. Hiding behind a mask to protect the ones we care about."
"I am sorry, William. I know he meant a lot to you." The young Sherlock sniffed and angrily wiped away his tears.
"Yeah, the anaesthetist did say you took some putting down. Why's that?" Sherlock held out his arm to let John inspect the scars that littered his forearms. "Ah. Clean now?" Sherlock nodded slowly. "Good. I won't hold a misspent youth against you. Got anyone to pick you up?"
He was not a man known for sentiment of any kind and yet when it came to his family, he would do anything to keep them all safe and content. He had tried to be a good brother, a good son. He had visited his parents and looked after all their needs. Taken them to the theatre when they were in town and sat through too many horrific musicals all for them.
"Everyone had to remain inside and wear masks. It was most strange. I suppose I had been reading Ivanovsky's dissertation."
The snow had fallen deep and perfect overnight. It lay in thick drifts against the cottage door and walls lending a magical appearance to the slumbering garden. The beehives stood at the end of the path with white roofs and as Sherlock looked out of the window, he smiled.
And with a flash of blinding light Rudy disappeared leaving a stunned detective sitting on a dining chair in the middle of a deserted kitchen. Only the scent of Rudy's perfume remained. Clair de lune.
Rosie Watson was four years and eleven months old when London was hit by the worse snowstorm since the Beast from the East in 2018. It started on the Monday before Christmas and overnight, five inches fell in parts of the city. School had closed the previous Friday so it was all there for her to enjoy. She didn't really remember the last snow, being very little at the time. But this, this was different.
"What now?" His mouth felt dry with nerves. He was finally accepting the fact that yes, he really was very attracted to his flatmate.
"Oh yeah, when?" A moment passed, another breath, another plume of smoke and tar and nicotine wafting into the night sky.
- The Berkshire prison refers to Reading Gaol where Oscar Wilde was sent to serve his sentence of two years hard labour for gross indecency in 1895.
"Sherlock! My boy! How are you?" The younger man just stood staring, completely unable to comprehend what he was seeing. "Oh, don't look like that! I've come to pay my second favourite nephew a visit at Christmas!"
Sherlock turned to look at the man beside, his gaze hungry. Since the night in the sheet with the candy canes, experimentation with other seasonal decorations had become a little game. Santa showing Rudolph how to behave had thankfully just finished when their 'not-housekeeper' arrived with another tray of mince pies.
"We never got snow in London." It wasn't quite true. It snowed but nothing like this. Too warm and densely populated.
Almost a year had passed since he had first met John Watson.  A year full of adventure, danger and intrigue. He never expected to have a friend, yet here he was. An actual human being who he liked spending time with.
"Yeah. You forgot one last, but very important, job of a best man." She almost laughed as she watched him mentally tick off all the things he was meant to have done today. "Yeah, the best man should always dance with the maid of honour." He nodded as he caught on to her suggestion and simply nodded towards the dance floor.  "No, it's too warm in here. Let's go outside, yeah?" He nodded again and grabbed his coat anyway. Obviously he was expecting to exit as soon as this last and unexpected duty was performed.
As hard as he had found it at the time, he missed the laughter and cheerfulness of a Christmas spent with friends. Of Christmas lights and carols on the violin and gifts. Now, there was no one.
The moonlight cast down on the couple swaying gently on the lawn. The words of the song filtered into his ears as he stared at the pair.
Archie looked at the older Sherlock and reached for his hand when he saw the tears running freely down the older man's face. The scene faded to one that was familiar in its frequency rather than location. A doss house. Junkies all over the floor, some on mattresses, some on furniture. Some were awake. Some were shooting up. Some were passed out. Some were likely dead. Nothing needed to be said when they watched the taller man in the suit walk through the room, careful not to step on any of the inhabitants, to a mattress at the far end of the room.
"You did know how to have fun once, then." The urchin sat on one of the benches in the garden, no worry about the snow or that he was wearing shorts in the middle of winter.
"No! Take me back! Please,  I need to know what he says." Sherlock pleaded with Porky, begging him to return but the spirit merely smiled and shook his head.
The room was busy and full of noise and unpleasant smells. People coughing, pressing dressings to injuries, holding sick bowls. He closed his eyes, praying that the doctor would arrive shortly and put him out of the various miseries from which he was currently suffering. Time passed and he settled into his mind palace, an ear at the ready to hear the assumed name and reorganised his files on the experiment he had been conducting when this unfortunate side-effect occurred. His name was called and twenty minutes later, he was back in the waiting room, having been through triage and then X-ray where he had had the mortifying experience of having student radiologists invited into the booth to witness their first of undoubtedly many variations of this condition.
A patter of footsteps followed by clicking dog claws and mumbled warnings of 'careful!' clattered down the stairs as their granddaughter, Catherine, and Rosie arrived to greet the morning along with Graham, the dog.
"Myc?" Slurred words. Half-open eyes. Pupils as small as pinpricks, invisible in the nighttime gloom.
"No dear, she's a dominatrix. But she died the other night. Or so everyone believes anyway so maybe it will all be over soon."
"Can't you look where you're going?" said Sherlock at the same time causing both young men to look at each other and share a shy smile.
"Will you put that bloody phone away! He's not going to text you back, he's not going to suddenly change his mind and he's not going to start behaving like a human being just 'cause it's Christmas!" She slammed the dish down onto the table and sat down with a huff of annoyance.
It is what it is. Words whispered against John’s hair whilst holding him in his arms for the first time. John had hugged him before. This was the first time Sherlock had held him.
- Ivanovsky was a Russian scientist who found that Tobacco Mosaic Virus was a disease caused by something smaller than bacteria in 1892. At this time, the term virus was used to describe an agent of virulent disease and was more down to the method of transmission than by taxonomic classification. It is, in fact, the first pathogen to be classified as a virus but wouldn't gain that classification until the 1930s.
"M' feet are cold." The eyes closed again, his head slumping heavily against his older brother's shoulder. Mycroft tightened his hold.
He stood next to his daughter, looking at the sparkling Christmas Tree. Sherlock joined them, his arms sliding around them both.
“John.” It’s as far as he ever gets. Words fail him. How could a text ever contain the feelings in his heart? His head falls back against the wall. Eyes squeeze shut. No tears. Not now. He presses delete.
"Well, you were a little preoccupied at the time." John smiled at Sherlock. "Let's get your paperwork ready and see if we can get you out of here." The doctor walked over to the door before turning once more. "Dinner?"
"I don't know, Harry. I don't know what he is to me." Sherlock's hand stopped and hovered not quite touching lest he disturb the scene, waiting to see where the conversation would go.
"Blimey! They said you were a genius! Indeed we are. I am the Present Day Festivities Advisor. I'm 'ere to show you what u're missin' out on." He laughed at the thought while Sherlock just continued to look bemused. "So, ye've been shown some bits of what has been, let's 'ave a look at what's goin' on today, then. Ready?" Sherlock took a deep breath, stood and walked over to Johnson, hoping that this would at least be a bit easier going than the previous set of visions.
Sherlock sat in the pew furthest away from the service at the altar. He hid in darkness, head covered with an itchy, woollen hat and a hood pulled as far down over his brow as he could. His scarf was wrapped around his nose and mouth leaving only his eyes visible. They were brown; contact lenses to cover the distinguishing freckle in his right eye. He was aiming to be invisible and had succeeded in doing so for over a year now.
"Just take a seat over there, Mr Sigerson. A doctor will see you shortly" The tall man shot an embarrassed and uncomfortable look at the receptionist and rather gingerly walked away to stand in the corner of the waiting room. He was grudgingly impressed that she managed to keep a straight face. He'd heard that his predicament happened plenty so it was likely he wasn't her first.
"It was to answer a question that was necessary to prove a man's guilt in a murder inquiry." John looked very surprised.
"I'm going to enjoy unwrapping you from that hideous jumper later," Sherlock said flirtatiously; a whole side to the detective John had been surprised to discover.
“Da is a lot easier for a two-year-old to say, wouldn’t you agree?” John walked in, a larger envelope in his hand.
Gradually, Sherlock gravitated to the living room, then the end of the sofa. Before long, Rosie was huddled between them, the blanket around all three.
"Why don't you go with Mycroft, to your parent's?" Sherlock whirled round to face John, a look of abject horror on his face.
It had started after the incident at Sherrinford. Drinks after work once a week. Text messages. Phone calls. Dinner. He'd assumed it was under some false sense of duty to begin with, a task that had been handed out by someone who had his own issues to deal with instead. But now, he wasn't so sure. Now, he was thinking that he had an actual friend. The first one he had ever had.
She squealed with delight, leapt off the bed, ran to the iPad and started her research. Within moments, she returned, the two men now awake and sitting up, ready for their daughter to report her findings.
“Welcome back. Let’s have dinner. It’s your birthday. Treat yourself.” He smiled a little before closing the message and laying the phone down on the chair arm.
A muttered grumble was his only reply. So, John opened the blanket and wrapped one end around Sherlock's shoulders. It was big enough for both as long as it only went around their backs. John shivered so Sherlock snuggled closer.
It was all arranged. The two of them would travel to Sherlock's parent's for Christmas Day. Mycroft would send a car for them and transport Mary there as well. Everything was set. He was as recovered as could be expected having suffered catastrophic organ failure due to hypovolemic shock. Things would never be the same again but he would pretend otherwise. For John.
"No, please, Sherlock, darling, if you love me, will you please promise to never inject yourself with drugs." Sherlock bit his lip and stood.
"If I wanted judgement, I'd have contacted my brother and asked for his private health providers. I thought I was safe with the NHS." He huffed. "And no. It was an experiment."
"How about you follow me, sir, and you can tell me what you've been up to and what you mean by that question." The patient nodded then slowly and very carefully followed the curious doctor out of the waiting area and into a consultation room. "Take a seat." This was said with a small smirk which Sigerson chose to ignore knowing full well it was deserved.
"I hear you're a bit of a genius." Sherlock raised an eyebrow at the word 'bit'. "Okay, a real, bonafide genius. My tutor can't stop going on about how you aced your BSc and MChem in no time and how you're going to revolutionise forensics." Sherlock blushed lightly causing Victor to chuckle.
"Well, I made a few bad decisions regarding you and your siblings." At the plural, Sherlock looked up, intrigued. "Oops! And that is why I'm only here to warn you. About to bugger this up as well if I'm not careful. My line manager will not be pleased at all. Not used to having a line manager. Used to being the top rung but give me time. I've only been dead ten years." Rudy chuckled to himself. "Right then. I recommend getting some sleep. You won't have much chance after midnight. These events can be a bit draining and if it all goes according to plan, you'll need some energy for what tomorrow should hopefully bring." Sherlock didn't move. He just sat there still staring in disbelief. "Oh, for God's sake, Sherlock! Just bugger off to bed!"
"Well, today's the 24th." It hadn't yet answered his question. "Oh Sherlock! You've deleted Christmas! Again!" He swatted his arm with the duster. "Tomorrow, you silly man." He dashed towards the door, grabbed his wallet, coat and keys. "Good luck!" She called after him as he bolted down the stairs.
"B..b...but... you're.... dead!" Rudy laughed, a full belly laugh that echoed around the room quite unnaturally.
"Can you grab those glasses down from the cabinet? I can't reach." Harry smirked at the woman next to her, who simply shook her head in response.
Recovering himself, he pushed the door open fully to reveal a man rummaging through the cupboards. He was wearing a flowery dress in tones of yellow and orange. It swirled around as he opened doors and looked through the contents, still happily singing to himself.
Leaning over his daughter’s head, John lightly placed his lips against Sherlocks. “To new beginnings.”
The taller man smiled a devilishly seductive grin and turned towards his bedroom, the sheet trailing along in his wake. John stirred himself to follow behind.
"Get on with what?" Mrs Hudson looked at her sister and mouthed the word 'SEX' at her. Sherlock saw and blushed, looking away from her face as she smiled with glee.
"Sherlock!" She laughed as she carried on dusting the mantelpiece taking extra care with the skull. "What have you bought John?" He continued to look at her. "For Christmas?" Nothing changed. "You have bought a gift for John, haven't you?" She stopped to stare at him in bewilderment.
Greg jumped in surprise when he walked into what he assumed was his empty office. There was John, in his chair, with a lap full of Sherlock. Greg fled, hopefully unnoticed, and smiled. Time to claim the winnings on that bet.
"Maybe he didn't know what to look at." He walked around her in a large circle, never getting too close, not letting her see anymore than he had already allowed her to observe.
"I know this place. I used to play out here all the time." Just then, a small, red, bundle of fur came bounding around the corner of the house with a small boy with wild, curling hair, following in its wake. "Redbeard." Sherlock muttered as he watched the very young version of himself chasing after his beloved dog.
"Hello?" He berated himself for sounding less than confident, his usual, commanding tone deserting him.
"Whether you'd told me before or after 'Afghanistan or Iraq'." John smiled and leaned over to kiss his beloved.
"Yes, Bee?" He was sat at the kitchen table, using his microscope to analyse the glitters from the baubles.
"Well, that's if they let me research what I want to research. Every idea I put forward they argue it's too expensive or too dangerous or not ethical." Victor laughed again.
"I'm done, Sherlock. I'm done. I can't stand to watch you destroy yourself any longer. I love you too much for that."
"Well prove it, throw all these bloody drugs away and promise me that you will never inject anything."
"Wow! Sherlock Holmes, lost for words." She watched him swallow thickly, take one final drag of that cigarette before using the butt end to light a second before grinding out the remains of the first under his foot.
He spotted the familiar curly hair of his young brother, cascading off the edge of the filthy mattress the boy was half falling off. Crouching down, he felt the long pale neck for a pulse and released a sob of relief when he felt it strong albeit rapid under the paper-thin skin.
She crept up the stairs, taking care to miss the creaking ones, a box held firmly in both hands. She reached the landing and listened at the door. Nothing. No sound of the occupants. She had heard them leave but it was always better to make sure with those two. Especially when on a mission as delicate as this one. She turned the handle slowly, knowing full well that it was never locked, and entered on tiptoes, still making sure she was alone. She scouted around the kitchen, checked the main bedroom. No one was there. Good.
Opening another email with yet another, far too easy to solve case, his phone made a moaning sound. The familiar noise stopped him in his tracks and he simply sat and stared at the phone. Eventually, he tapped to open the message.
John took a deep breath and buried his face in his hands. Sherlock couldn't stop himself, he felt compelled to be near his friend even though he was merely an observer in this scene. He walked across the room, paying no mind to the furniture, and reached out to lay a hand on John's shoulder, his name on his lips.
Another five cases solved in twenty minutes. Tweets in the last hour – forty. God, he was good. He was on fire! After a week of nothing, of hiding in his Mind Palace, unable to deal with being all alone whilst fully awake, he threw himself back into his work.
He half wished that the ghosts or consultants or whatever they were calling themselves these days would have kept to the one an hour schedule. There was too much time in-between to analyse what he had just been shown. The heartbroken expression on Victor's face kept haunting him. It was a dimension of that situation he hadn't cared or even been able to observe at the time. Now though, now he could read everything that was abhorrent in that scene and he was disgusted with himself. Had he loved Victor back then? He still wasn't sure. He had enjoyed being with him, certainly in the beginning, when it was all new experiences and first romances. But if he had cared for Victor, truly, wouldn't he have given up the drugs in a heartbeat? John had asked him to stop smoking once and he had. Pretty much any way.
"So did I. I won't tell if you don't." She smiled at him and for a second, a small glimmer of an emotion other than sadness appeared in his eyes. She took one and he lit it for her before taking another drag of his own, blowing the smoke upwards as though howling to the moon. She pulled his coat tighter around herself, snuggling into it's warmth.
“Ten years ago, I was sitting in a dingy flat on Montague Street. I was smoking cigarette after cigarette. Turning thirty. A lot of people find a new decade hard. But most people accumulate more as they go through life. More friends, children, hobbies. I had no friends. No boyfriend. No one.
"Well, I've been told by my line manager that it's important. Especially selected by your uncle so I have to show it to you. More than my job's worth to miss it out of the tour." Sherlock swallowed thickly and nodded, allowing himself to be pulled along. "Let's stand just here and if we look over there, we should be able to see what's important about this year."
"How bad could it be? I've never met your mum and dad but at least you've got some to go visit." The look of outrage (completely put on, of course, he didn't actually mind his parents. Quite liked them really when they were behaving themselves) on Sherlock's face intensified. "Fine. But I'm still going to see my sister and that's that. I know you've had bad news but..." Sherlock didn't let him finish, he just lay his violin down on the desk and stormed to his bedroom, slamming the door in mock outrage.
The third Sunday, and Sherlock was no longer surprised to see a box waiting for him. A new pocket magnifier, to replace the one he had lost last week, lay among rose petals and a small drawing of a bee by Rosie. He added the magnifier to his tool roll and tucked the bee into his wallet. He'd carry out an experiment on the petals with his Goddaughter later on.
"Yeah, didn't need to be a consulting detective to know that your name wasn't really Scott Sigerson." Sherlock raised an eyebrow in question. "When I called your name, you looked around for someone else first. Been watching who got called in before you, huh?" Sherlock chuckled. "Well, giant test-tubes stuck up your arse aren't considered that serious medically. Plus, we all like to have a laugh at the x-rays." The smile disappeared and the patient flushed beet red again. "Don't worry. I'll keep these ones to myself. Seeing as it was for science, not for some weird masturbatory fantasy." The doctor winked and walked over to the computer to schedule the procedure.
He had tried so hard when it came to his younger brother. Had cared for him when life was too much and the younger man had sought an escape; sometimes temporary, sometimes with a desire for permanence. He had been by his side throughout it all, wiping the sweat and vomit away from his face and holding his hand when the withdrawal made him scream with pain.
The boy that walked around the corner on this day was a few years older. He still had the unruly mop of curls but there was no joyous smile. No happy laughter. No enthusiasm in his step. Archie and the older Sherlock stood and watched as the young boy went to sit on a fallen log nearby. He had a red collar in his hands and was stroking it, lovingly, as the tears ran unchecked down his face. A few minutes passed before the boy was joined by his older brother, Mycroft. Young Sherlock squeezed up along the log to allow his brother to fit alongside.
"Surely that's affected your effectiveness though. I mean, I could just choose happy memories and what would I learn from that?"
For tomorrow was Christmas Eve. Mrs Hudson would be off to her sister's for the week leaving a pile of mince pies for Sherlock to live off while she was away. Mycroft would go to their parent's in the morning (it was his turn this year having owed Sherlock a favour for some legwork he had done during the summer) so he couldn't even see his brother. Not that anything but sheer desperation would induce him to seek out that particular form of torture. The morgue would be closed and everyone of interest at The Yard would also be spending time with their families even though he had no idea why Lestrade would want to spend time with his wife. Not now he knew that she was sleeping with the PE teacher. Again.
"You've deleted the link between mistletoe and Christmas?" John asked in amazement. "And I thought deleting the solar system was bad."
"Well, again, we used to but it took a lot of planning and the union said that we shouldn't be responsible for that aspect. We're just the facilitators. Top brass wouldn't fork out for an administration department so it's up to you now."
"Da! Sherlock!" She ran down the stairs from John's old room, along the corridor and straight into her fathers' bedroom. Jumping on the bed between the two men, she started telling them all about the snow heedless as to whether they were actually awake or not.
He stops that train of thought dead. No. That is why he’s here. That’s why he’s still running. To keep that man safe. To watch
"Let's get you home, brother mine." He gently scooped the gaunt and much too thin boy into his arms and carried him back out into the fresh air.
Her third Christmas was her first at Baker Street. They'd moved back home, finally, after Sherlock broke his leg falling off a storage unit and into a skip. So John went to help him and simply stayed. Rosie was happy, so was he and Sherlock was beside himself with joy. It was he who went all out for Christmas that year.
"John." He walked out his bedroom and straight to the coat rack to grab his coat and scarf only to find them missing. He turned to look at the other man, suspicion rising. "Where?"
"Berk. I know you're thinking that if you go for a wander, I'll think you're off to score drugs and I won't go to Harry's for Christmas."
This year he was in some God-forsaken wilderness. It was cold, it was wet and it was dark all the time. Such a contrast to that evening. It made his heart ache. The warm lights of the church, the sound of the singing, had drawn him inside like a siren on the rocks. Except this was safe harbour; for a few moments at least.
Sherlock could feel the phantom sensations in his arms at the needle entered the skin and shuddered as he fought against the ever-present threat of relapse. He would never be cured but he would fight for his sobriety. Of that he was sure.
"Shall we have a look inside? Something smells good." Sherlock sniffed the air and smiled as he realised his mother had cooked one of her famous roasts with all the trimmings. He hadn't been a fan of food since his days as an addict. It has wreaked havoc on his metabolism and to this day, couldn't stomach more than a few mouthfuls of food at a time. Unless it was sweet things. Then he could manage a bit more. But the smell right now made his mouth water and his stomach rumble.
"Victor looks like he might have been good for you if he'd stuck around." The older Sherlock nodded, a small, fond, smile on his lips as he remembered his first human friend. His first boyfriend as it had turned out.
call him that." His voice was quiet yet menacing, a thunderous expression, clenched fists leaning on the table.
"Sorry, guv, you've been reading too much Dickens! Nah, we had to change the title. Ghost was too religious-sounding so they made it more secular. This means we can visit anyone from any denomination without discrimination now." Sherlock caught himself nodding and frowned.
“I had a feeling it would be one of those nights.” His voice barely carried the distance to the person next to him but still it hung, like an ominous cloud between them. “It’s time for you to leave this place. Find somewhere else.” No response. Just the flicking of ash into an ashtray sitting on the arm of the sofa. “I hear Martha Hudson has finally returned from Florida. She’s had a house on Baker Street refurbished.” The smoking man simply lit another and maintained the silence. “Remember the list.” He stood, pointedly stared at the syringe, spoon and tourniquet, then left.
"Have you see John?" Taking a deep breath, she took hold of the bride, gently steering her away from the garden and back into the party. "Is that Sherlock's coat?" Duty calls, thought Janine and smiled.
"But you're more than just friends, yeah?" Harry had also resumed her seat, Clara's hand in hers and resting on the dining table.
As their lips joined for the first time, Mycroft Holmes started to believe that sentiment might actually be something beautiful.
I’ve not had many happy birthdays over the years. But I believe they’re going to be a lot better from now on. Especially now that John won’t ever be able to forget the date again.”
"What? Married, with a dog, in a cottage in Sussex. A grown-up daughter and now a granddaughter? Depends."
"That was the last answer I would have expected. Okay then, you don't look like a policeman and I doubt one would go to such extreme lengths..."
"Harry." The taller woman put the glasses onto the table and shot her a look warning her to stop before things got out of hand.
"Why can't you just tell me what they're going to say? It doesn't sound very efficient. Four spirits for one man?"
"No, why do you care? About me?" Sherlock was starting to feel more alert, the fog clearing in his mind quickly now.
"Really, Doctor. I could tell your history from a glance. Give me your phone and I'll be able to tell you more."
Rosie was almost six now. Her first Christmas had been fraught with tension and unhappiness; passed from one adult to another. It was a good job she would never remember it. That, however, didn't stop John from recalling it with a sadness that overwhelmed him every, single year.
"Breathing is boring." He didn't move as Victor walked over to open all the curtains before throwing open a window to allow some fresh air to enter. He started to collect the rubbish that was laying about in a bin before turning to catch sight of a syringe on the desk. He stopped moving at once.
He left the room and the patient changed from his suit into the super-unflattering hospital gown worn thin from so many hot-washes. He tied it best he could and contrived to lay on the bed with the least discomfort he could manage. A knock came a few minutes later and John returned, smiling.
Tired. He’s so tired. In the last thirteen months, he’s averaged maybe fifteen hours sleep a week. Always running. Always tracking down the next link. Always fighting to keep the loneliness and panic at bay. He’s not sure how much more he can take at this point. Staying one step ahead is exhausting. Having no one to watch your back like…
Sherlock sat on his bed at Baker street, still feeling the heart-wrenching loss of Redbeard, Victor and to a large extent, his innocence. It hurt to remember those events. They had been locked away in the lower levels of his mind palace for years. Even the good memories were kept under lock and key for the bad ones inevitably followed. He wasn't sure what the visitation was meant to achieve but it had definitely made him think about how those events might have led him to become who he was today. He was no longer an active drug-user but who really knew for how long? You never truly recovered, he knew that. He could still feel the pull when he was at this most vulnerable and right now, it was calling his name quite insistently.
"Oh, it's you." He attempted that same smile he'd shot at her with the vain hope that someone might be willing to talk to him now that his role was finished. Janine almost winced with the pain and effort the pathetic smile cost him to spread on the lower half of his face.
It’s quiet in the flat. Alone for the first time in a few days. Well. Relatively. Mrs Hudson is downstairs and apparently, Big Brother is always watching. He should be grateful. Thankful that so many people care about his wellbeing. They’ve taken shifts to keep him off the ‘sweeties’. They don’t trust him. Not that he’s given them much reason to recently. But it was for a cause.
The worst thing about this year was that he would be all alone. John had decided to try and reconcile with Harriet, his alcoholic sister, and Sherlock couldn't help but feel like he was being abandoned. He had deduced that Harry had fallen off the wagon again and that John would be disappointed by the visit. He had told John all about his deductions in the hope that he might call off the visit and stay to keep Sherlock company. After all, what do they say about misery? But no. John was adamant that she was starting afresh and he was willing to put the effort in for her much to Sherlock's displeasure. He had even tried to use his recovery as a recreational drug user (read IV heroin and cocaine addict) as a reason for John to stay but he simply had looked at Sherlock and walked away. It was hopeless!
Right enough, a moment later, a lanky teen with the by now very familiar mop of hair came charging through the door carrying a stack of textbooks. He quite clearly wasn't looking where he was going and, even though he knew what to expect, Sherlock still jumped when the inevitable happened. The younger Sherlock crashed headlong into the boy walking in the opposite direction and both ended up on the floor, books and leaves of paper flying and landing everywhere.
He types out the message and clicks send before he can think twice. The response is almost immediate. He nods and stands. Grabbing his coat, gloves and scarf, he turns out the lights and leaves 221b smiling.
"Care to demonstrate how this works?" John smiled, reached up and did just that until they were both breathless.
"Sherlock always used to love Christmas. He'd play carols on his violin and deduce the jokes in the crackers. He was such a joyful boy. He was never the same after Redbeard." She looked sad as she turned away to hand a bowl of sprouts to Daddy Holmes. Mycroft also turned away, a look of guilt on his features that no one would have spotted had it not been for Sherlock and Porky watching him from the sidelines.
"Are you just going to keep repeating select words of one syllable? Honestly, you're meant to be a genius! Surely you can accept something as mundane as a ghost." Rudy laughed again but stopped when he saw that Sherlock was starting to look increasingly pale. "Well, anyway. Yes. I did something a few years ago which, unfortunately, has had a rather negative impact on your life. I am here to tell you that tonight, we're going to put it right."
The following morning, John packed his bag and departed early to get the train to Harriet's. She lived in Chelmsford so he took a cab to the station and that was that. He left with assurances that he would return on Boxing Day and that Sherlock was not to do any experiments that would require his immediate return from his sister's. Sherlock once again frowned as yet another plot was foiled. He sat at the kitchen table, allowing the silence of the flat, the entire house in fact, to become deafening. There was nothing to do. No one to talk to. He was back to it being just him and Billy the skull once again.
"Right. Well, I'm free with no plans so I'll take you home. Just as soon as you've come around fully, we'll get you out of here and home. How does that sound?"
“Da?” They both looked to the little girl still held close to Sherlock’s side. Swallowing, an answer was given.
"Plastic. I'm not an idiot." John raised an eyebrow. The patient rolled his eyes. "I'm not a total idiot."
"Oh, don't get me started on the efficiency quotas. It's a restructuring nightmare! Redundancies in the spirit world is a very taboo subject in that there's literally nothing else to do. Well, there's reincarnation but most people have done with life once they've suffered through it once. Anyway, that's beside the point. I can't tell you the message because I buggered it up before so I'm just here to prepare you."
"I dunno. I mean, he's the best friend I've ever had. He saved me when I got invalided home. All I wanted to do was end it, life had no meaning and then he was there and he took over everything." He took his hands away from his face and looked at his sister, begging her to understand what he was saying and make sense of the tumultuous thoughts in his head. "He takes up all the thoughts in my head and is the one person in the world I want to spend all my time with." He closed his eyes and took a deep breath.
"Ah, John. Wonderful." The detective strode over to stand in front of John before looking up. There, hanging off the cow skull, was mistletoe.
"Yeah, Sherlock. Film night. Coming?" John smiled over at grumpy git sat in the kitchen. "You'll like this one. He reminds me of you." The look from Sherlock made John laugh and Rosie giggled along too.
Watson blushed and smiled. Glancing at the door to see it was locked, he put down his glass and cigarette before moving to straddle Holmes' lap, kissing him softly.
"My time is at an end, Mister 'Olmes. Ye've 'ad a lot of insight there and I know ye'll want to think it through but ye have to see the next spirit now. We've run over a bit but we're just in time. Here he is." Porky nodded over Sherlock's shoulder so the taller man turned around straight into the next apparition. Everything went black.
No, it wasn't a danger night, it was a night for thinking. She would be back. He knew that much. Why send him her phone to look after if not? Anyway, she was of little consequence at the moment. He had the phone again and now, it was time to see exactly what she was hiding. The only problem was that the infernal thing was locked and he was sure she'd have planted something nasty inside just in case it fell into the wrong hands. For all she knew, maybe it had.
The cards had resumed on his return, for a short time with his name alone. But then John's name reappeared and Rosie's too. They returned to hand-drawn ones with garish colours and improving spelling. Each one took pride of place on the mantel each year, her heart swelling with each one. He beautiful boy was finally happy.
Janine didn't have to think twice about ditching the guy who's dancing was, to be kind, rather sub-par, in order to make her way across the room to the man who's smile didn't get anywhere close to reaching his eyes. Over the course of the day, she had seen her 'other-half' declare his feelings, solve a murder, save a man's life and play the most beautifully heart-breaking piece of music she had ever heard. Now, well, now he seemed broken. The mask fading away to nothing and the true realisation that his life had changed with absolutely no chance of ever going back finally showing in the weary creases around his eyes and mouth. Here was a man who looked like he was about to slide out of the room and doubted that anyone at all would miss him for one second. A man who's job was done, who's final act had been played and who now had to try and piece together a new life, just for him. Only him.
The loneliness was wearing him down. It was something he had not considered when embarking upon this mission. That to be alone for so long after having had the best two years of his life with a friend. Well, it was becoming unbearable. It was almost Christmas. Two years ago, he had been playing carols at 221b. John, Mrs Hudson, Lestrade, Molly... all there and he was so far from being alone.
The flat felt cold and empty. Nothing like it used to be. Before. When the space had been full of life and sound of a crackling fire and the smell of takeaway and crap TV.
"I'll stand, thank you. You have a military-style haircut and you can't help almost marching down the corridors. You stand at parade rest." The doctor laughed.
The familiar curly hair was matted and stuck to the pale forehead with sweat and grease. His pale arm stretched out, a rubber tourniquet still loosely tied, a used syringe in his hand. They watched as Mycroft Holmes bundled his brother into a blanket and carried him out of the room for the third Christmas on the bounce. He'd spend a few weeks in rehab, would get out for good behaviour and walk straight to the nearest dealer for a fix.
There was no clock striking or, in fact, any noise other than the damned alarm Sherlock had set for five to midnight. He had tried to sleep, following the advice given by the ghostly apparition of his uncle Rudy. But by the time he had shaken himself together after the encounter, it was after ten and the flat was cold and still in darkness. He stood and walked to the fire, lighting it and sat in his armchair in front of the flames. It was completely unbelievable. He once again checked for recent track marks on his arms. He performed a systems check to see if he was under the influence of any form of drug that might have been slipped into something he ate. Except he hadn't eaten anything since a mince pie around noon. Maybe that was it, low blood glucose. Better have another mince pie to make sure. But no, as he was eating the pastry, he knew that wasn't right either.
"More likely I'd find him and John arguing over who's going to purchase groceries. And that is why I pay people to keep an eye on him. Well, the taxpayers do anyway."
At the end, John turned to his husband. "She's becoming more your daughter by the day." With a devilish grin, he pulled the little girl into a hug and said. "Every snow often, you're both brilliant."
"Good to hear. So, tell me, was it just standing on the floor and you were naked and slipped and the rest is history..." The patient had never been so embarrassed in his life! He felt his cheeks flame hotter with each passing second.
"Fine. Here." He handed the patient his phone, curious about what he could possibly do with and inwardly cursing himself for a) actually having his bloody phone in his pocket and b) giving it to a total stranger who had inserted random foreign objects up himself with the excuse of 'science'. For all John knew, he could be some weird pervert with a doctor or even a soldier kink who was going to hunt him down afterwards.
"He was Kermit the Frog. He was married to Miss Piggy." John chuckled at Sherlock's expression after this announcement.
The day passed slowly, drearily, never-endingly. He went up to John's room to find his gun only to discover a note attached to the box threatening violence if it was even opened. He ignored the note and took out the weapon only to find that the firing mechanism had a key element missing along with another note. 'I have the hammer. Knew I couldn't trust you. Git." Sherlock placed the gun and the note back in the case and locked them away again.
"Why don't you tell me all about it? Over a coffee? It's the least I could do after nearly knocking you into next year." Sherlock thought about it as he picked up the last of the fallen books and nodded. They walked off together and out of sight.
"Yeah, well, my shift ended just after your surgery so I thought I'd wait for you to come round. Feeling okay?"
Twenty minutes, thirty, sixty. He was fed up of standing still now, his back starting to ache as well as various other places that had been abused by his inability to take safety precautions in the name of science. Finally, he opened his eyes when he heard his name called for a second time.
They walked in silence out of the french doors that lined the wall of the garden room. The sun had long since set and the evening air held a slight chill, quickly taking away the 'too-warm' of a moment ago and leaving her shivering slightly instead. The man beside her noticed at once and after slipping the rectangular box and lighter from his coat pocket, placed it over her shoulders before walking ahead of her again. He stopped on the patch of flat lawn a few steps down from the terrace, the moon highlighting his cheekbones as he ripped the wrapper from the box and fumbled out a cigarette, lighting it and taking a deep inhale before turning to look at her. He gestured for her to take one.
"I don't get it, John," Sherlock said as they entered the flat following a five-day-long case. "Why hang mistletoe above the victims?"
There was, however, one potential benefit of this situation. Maybe it would mean John would change his plans. The boring teacher had apparently left in a snit earlier and had likely once again made some nark about John and Sherlock being perfect for one another. Probably all her friends had warned her off John because of his mad flatmate. Oh well, she was just another one of John's girlfriends that he had accidentally-on-purpose run-off by being himself. Well, maybe himself plus a bit extra. Sherlock had been raised as pretty much an only child with Mycroft being so much older. He had never learned to share his things and John was his most definitely. If only he could see it and stop trying to find someone else to try and squeeze into their already full and satisfying life. Well, that's how Sherlock saw it anyway.
Sherlock had actually gone to the shops for once and bought not only milk but also John’s favourite beer. He selected the takeaway menus and put them on the coffee table that last year held his escape from reality. John had kept mentioning a movie marathon night and Sherlock was more than happy for that to be this year’s method of relieving his boredom.
Before he could go any further with that thought, the room was filled with a greenish light and the image of a short, portly man in a tatty red tailcoat appeared before him. Sherlock blinked in amazement as the spectre turned to him and grinned, several teeth were missing and well as a considerable amount of hair at the front.
"No more shots have been fired recently but he will keep stabbing the bills into the mantelpiece. There was a Cluedo board sticking out of the wall when I left."
They had retired here in the spring, Sherlock having decided after their final case that enough was enough. His knee had given out during a chase across London and three painful surgeries later, he had dragged John to Sussex where he had found a new home for them. They sat, huddled together, side by side as always, on the sofa in front of the fireplace. The real Christmas tree stood in the corner, filling the room with the scent of fresh pine. Graham, their rescue dog, lay at their feet, snoring away gently.
"I dunno, little one. Maybe Sherlock knows." She turned at once to face the man who was holding her. He shot John a look, who simply smirked back in return, and looked thoughtful for a moment.
"But I'm not gay!" John's eyes shot open and Sherlock took a step backwards as if struck. It was an often-heard statement when people drew their own conclusions about their relationship and every time, John would correct them and get annoyed when Sherlock didn't. He turned to Porky, about the make the request to leave, not wanting to hear any more of this conversation when something Harry said made him stop in his tracks.
Unless John was now too worried to let Sherlock out of his sights. After all, they had decided tonight was a Danger Night. Maybe he should play it up a bit, disappear out for an undisclosed visit to someone. Mycroft would follow him on the CCTV and would ring John and then he wouldn't be able to go to Harry's and all would be well. Could he get away with it?
The following Sunday, another little box sat in the same spot. Again, the tag said to open. This time were four stuffed dates, covered in chocolate and made to look like hedgehogs. Grinning, he smiled and put them to one side. He would share them with John, Rosie and Mrs Hudson later.
"But I wish you'd worn the antlers." Mrs Hudson gushed at the detective as he put down the violin. She didn't see the blush as he looked at John, remembering what she'd have seen him doing whilst wearing the antlers had she walked in ten minutes earlier.
"Because you're a total cock and you've been whinging about me going to my sister's for Christmas for weeks now. Don't tell me you wouldn't try something underhand to make me stay."
"So what? When have I ever done anything as dull as conventional?" He laughed again. Sherlock just stood there agape. "Sit down, sit down." Sherlock did as he was told and pulled out a dining chair, dropping heavily onto it not once taking his eyes off his uncle who looked just as he had the last time he'd seen him. An older, balder, more ginger, version of Mycroft. Not that his brother would thank him for the comparison.
To be sat here now, in his parent's home, at Christmastime, he could feel the sentiment he so carefully kept hidden sneak out. Mummy and Daddy were flirting and smiling as always, the embodiment of happy marriage. Sherlock was sitting with Rosie Watson on his knee, laughter lines deepening with age and use. His now husband, John, laughing along at the fun and games.
The man in the three-piece suit picked his way through the bodies of sleeping junkies laying sprawled across the floor. He wasn't interested in any of them beyond a brief flicker of sympathy for any family they may have. It was Christmas Eve and even though he had eschewed sentiment a long time ago, even he felt sorry for the people who would be missing these unfortunate souls at this time of year.
It was nice, relaxing, peaceful. They watched the Queen's speech and she delivered the words he had written perfectly, as always. They drank and ate and he might have even laughed. As the evening progressed, and the empty bottles grew in number, the space between them physically and metaphorically disappeared.
"Right, that tells you I was in the army. Doesn't tell me how you arrived at that question but there's time for that. My turn. What on Earth have you been up to?" The patient raised an eyebrow at the way the question was phrased.
A man in the three-piece suit wandered into the middle of the room, umbrella casually held over one arm. Glancing around, he cast his judgemental gaze over surfaces strewn with paper, glassware, photographs, when something caught his eye. A pursing of lips followed before moving to sit next to the other occupant of the sofa. Perching on the edge, he leaned forward on his umbrella and rested his chin on his hands, staring at contents of the coffee table in front of him.
"Hey, Sherl!" He turned when she tapped him on the shoulder as he rummaged through the coat rack to find his beloved Belstaff. She knew all about the famous detective with his silly hat and the, quite frankly, gorgeous coat.
"Well, I did have a dream, last night. It was over one hundred years hence and there was a disease that was attacking the entire planet!"
"What? Can't I care about the fact that my baby brother is put in harm's way by that freak and yet he won't even spend a day with his sister without constantly checking his bloody phone? I'm his family. What's Sherlock to him?" John stood abruptly, knocking the table, causing the glasses to fall over with a clang.
Two hours later, Sherlock was slowly waking up properly from the sedation, a grinning Doctor John next to him.
They stood in silence as they observed the scene in front of them. Sherlock's parents were bickering, lovingly as they always had, Mycroft rolled his eyes at their nonsense but Sherlock could see he was enjoying himself for a change. There was a place set for him as there always had been, every year. A place he had yet to fill since the year he forced Victor out of his life.
"You don't have much close family. No parents left. This phone was a gift but it wasn't bought for you. It was bought for your brother as a Christmas present from his wife, Clara. Marriage is obviously on the rocks if he's given it away so soon after receiving it. This phone is six months old at that most. You're not close to your brother though. Maybe it's because he's left his wife, maybe you fancied the wife. Most likely, it's because he's an alcoholic. Your brother wanted you to keep in touch with you but not his ex-wife. He left her. Other way around and he would have kept the phone. Sentiment." He looked up the doctor who was staring dumbfounded.
"We should make snowmen." John walked up behind him, wrapping his arms around the taller man's waist, resting his chin on his shoulder. Sherlock smiled and covered John's hands with his own.
"You died to keep him safe. You would never have left him if you hadn't needed to." He turned to face her, really stared into her eyes and let her see his heartbreak. Just for a second, he showed her what it was like without the mask, without the persona, without the coat and the hat and the blog and the cases. Just him.
"Dance with me, Sherl." He turned, the tears on his face visible for her to see. She smiled her most reassuring smile at him and nodded at her outstretched hand once more.
"We?" At Rudy's annoyed look, Sherlock shook himself together. "Sorry. Who is we? What did you do and why is it having a negative effect on me?"
"Don't tell me what I do and do not mean, Clara! I meant every word!" Harry stood too, the siblings glaring at each other across the dinner table. "What is he to you, John? And don't just say flatmate, 'cause I don't believe you." Sherlock watched as all the anger suddenly drained out of John and he slumped down onto the chair. Harry looked at Clara in confusion and concern. "Johnny?"
"Right then. Let's take a look. So, Afghanistan. How did you know?" He started the examination and the patient closed his eyes wishing he could be almost literally anywhere else at this second.
"Ere we are." Porky walked straight through the front door of number thirty and up the steps to the first floor flat. It was tiny and cramped but Christmas pop music was playing loudly and the smell of a roast dinner permeated the air. Sherlock was seriously starting to feel hungry now having only eaten two mince pies the day before.
"I'm sure you were more articulate than that when you were three! Come on, boy, spit it out? What? Well, I am a ghost. The energy left behind by my corporeal form when I passed. How? Well, that links to why. I've been sent to deliver a message to you."
"Soldier. Your left arm is stiffer than your right suggesting an injury of some kind. Tan lines to the wrist and collar but no further suggesting it wasn't a holiday as you stayed fully dressed for the most part. Hot country. Conflict. Afghanistan or Iraq." The patient finished through gritted teeth as he felt the probing, gloved up fingers begin their exploration. It wasn't in pain that he grimaced, it was to try and stop the images of the man behind him wearing his dog-tags, getting him ready for something more romantic rather than more intimate. It couldn't get much more intimate than it already was. He could feel his body stirring with the thoughts that were rushing through his mind.
Sherlock hated feeling like this. Every little movement made the wound in his chest pull sending waves of pain around his body. Nothing the hospital had given him touched the agony. Just another negative to being a recovering drug addict he supposed. He tried to hide the pain as much as he could from John. He wanted to make it as easy as possible for him to leave and go back to Mary, to safety. Who on Earth knew what she would do to them both if John left her for good. No. This was for the best even though when he thought about it, the ache in his chest had little to do with the bullet.
Sherlock pondered the little box that sat on the table beside his chair. The tag said it was for him and to open it right away but still, it was not a date he had ever associated with receiving a gift before. Inside was a jar of honey from a small apiary in Sussex. Smiling in delight. he went to make toast.
Sherlock was sitting crossed legged beside the tree, the plastic wrapper carelessly discarded and the candy cane, well, that was the thing. The way it moved in and out of those lips, the suggestive sucking. John groaned as he watched, instantly aroused. Sherlock's mischievous gaze met his.
"Yes. I can't think of any time when I was happier than when I had Redbeard. We did everything together." The scene faded and was replaced by the same woodland, only the snow had gone. The winter sunlight replaced by gloom and rain. Sherlock recognised it at once and immediately looked at Archie, begging him to not show him this particular Christmas.
"Come on, Sherlock. It's time to go home." Archie took the older man's hand and once again the lights faded as they returned to Baker Street.
"Not in this manner, no. So, let's take a look and see what we can do to make you more comfortable until we can organise an extraction. Change into this and lay on the bed, please. I'll be back in a few minutes and I'll knock before entering."
"I do hope they decide soon. I've never been to a gay wedding." Mrs Hudson tittered in excitement at the thought.
"No, I don't want to see this." He stopped walking, ignoring the surprisingly strong grip that the young urchin maintained on his hand.
