“I know, I know. I’ve met one.” Dean looks back out to the dancing. It doesn’t really make sense that they’re still here watching her dance with everyone who asks when she’s already got her heart set on the footman. He remembers his own jealousy watching Cas dance with the others not even more than a few months ago. “Why can’t she dance with the only guy she wants to?”
“Are you asking me to dinner, Mr. Winchester?” she asks with a small smile. He feels heat rise up his neck and into his cheeks.
“I don’t know how else to say this. Mrs. Winchester and I would be willing to help to make sure Miss Isabel is happy and you seem to be the object of her desires or however that phrase works. Right? So?” Dean should have sent Cas over.
“Yeah. Cas doesn’t feel well and it’s getting late,” Dean says, pulling Cas from the room as she digs her heels in, her eyes still trained on the fool who thought he could take more of Isabel’s time than Cas had allowed.
They fall into a routine of sorts. They take chaperoned walks in town when they have to go shopping for ingredients for their failed spells and she uses her power to ditch the chaperone so they can go back to his manor and dive into lore books. Little is known about time travel, and less still about angels. His library here is less equipped than the Bunker he has in the future.
Dean dropped the phone and turned the key in the ignition, the engine flared to life below him and Cas rattled a moan, still with Dean’s arm twisted around and hand clamped over his airway.
Cas barely breathed. Muscles locked. Dean sliced, neatly and efficiently, through the seam of Cas’s pants. With teasing fingers he tore a hole in Cas’s briefs and ripped them apart.
“Cas, Angel, Baby, you could give a man a heart attack.” Dean’s eyes flashed black at him. “Good job I’m not a man.”
Cas was more gentle than ever, easing the metal into Dean in a way that made his cock twitch eagerly. Dean had a rush of shame, a new pumping of the blood, and covered his groin with his hands. Cas gave him his moment of modesty… and the chain, with nothing else to attach to, wrapped itself around Dean’s neck to keep him on his feet.
them—not here, not like this. They were heavy on his back, an added weight to push him onto the bed. And Dean was there too, straddling his hips, his cock silky smooth and hot in the hollow of Cas’ back. Cas didn’t know when he’d pulled out, and didn’t care. Dean rocked, smeared more lube across Cas’ skin and it felt filthy, wrong.
Chuck had kept him awake and it hadn’t felt like a deprivation when he didn’t deteriorate from lack of it. But at home, in a bed, the hours and hours of sleep reset his brain in a way that made him feel much more human.
And you know, you know you’re in the wrong or else you wouldn’t have had to get so drunk to do it. You wouldn’t have had to obliterate yourself to make it happen.” Cas turned onto his side, so he could look Dean in the eye. “I know a thing or two about substance abuse Dean and I know a cop-out when I see one.”
Cas was filled with a sense of unease, suddenly. Dean was morose often enough but there was something else there too. He got in these moods sometimes where he would want to touch and be close, usually after too much to drink. Cas used to let him, they used to lose themselves in each other to numb the pain of living. But they hadn’t done that in a long time.
Dean hovered over him, obscuring the hallucination of Sam and Cas sighed. Dean’s hands traced the outline of his wings in the air. “I know you don’t understand,” he started.
He wished he could condemn Dean completely but he couldn’t. He wished he had a friend who he could trust. Cas looked up with watery eyes, the image of Sam was already fading, and he cried out.
Sam stepped forward and drew his hands away. “Don’t, that won't work. And you’re not horny, it’ll only hurt.”
Dean hauled him off his knees and dragged him backwards until Cas’s back slammed into the wall. He groaned again, dropped his head to Dean’s shoulder and shook. His breathing was loud and ragged.
He’d broken his promise to Sam to stay away while Dean was hunted down and brought back to the bunker to be cured, and the least he could do was obey one Winchester who gave him orders today. He inclined his head with a nod. “For you, anything.”
And with Dean’s come flooding his ass, Dean’s body touching his own, Dean’s breath mingling with the same air, that was what they latched onto. Dean. Dean. Dean. Only Dean.
It was a blur after that, while he collapsed to the floor and let the others work. The distant sound of an almighty boom mixed with Chuck yelling in rage just as Jack let go and the black hole closed made him laugh, then cry--both hysterically--and then Cas put two fingers to his forehead and sent him to sleep.
Humiliation burned, and he wished—not for the first time—that the rush of blood to his cock, and heating his face, was enough to sate the room’s insatiable desire. It wasn’t, it wouldn’t be. And now Cas was here to see exactly what Chuck had made of him.
Dean thrust forward, drove deeper and bit down, teeth digging into the soft tender flesh of Cas’ shoulder. Cas cried out, and Dean shushed him, fucked him like he was trying to bury them both in the mattress dick first, and Cas’ body was the only barrier getting in the way.
Dean slumped, on his hands and knees, his head dropped beside Cas’ and he caught his breath in increments. Cas could feel him. Sense him. Hear him. Knew him.
Dean nodded, clenching in pain again. “He said—keep me occupied, and, well he knew ordinary torture wouldn’t work on me so… he got creative. The room is kind of an extension of him, I think. When I bleed, or come, or cry, it doesn’t hurt me. But if I’m not held down the way I’m supposed to be…”
Dean shook with laughter, unbelievable, mind numbing laughter. “Longer. Much, much longer. Seemed like… hundreds of days, years…”
Cas made to get up, almost upending Dean from his lap. A wave of Chuck’s hand was all it took to beat them both back down, Dean pressed forcefully on top of Cas, crushed under the pressure of Chuck’s control.
Cas sobbed, reaching out again, but Sam’s fingers dissipated before he could touch them. He tugged at his hair, wondering what he had to hand that might increase his buzz and let him keep the loneliness at bay a little longer. He didn’t know what Dean had slipped him, didn’t know what could imitate the effects.
Cas was just about distraught once the bastard left, and tears pricked Dean’s eyes at the thought that someone cared how much Chuck had fucked up his skin. It had been too long here just licking his own wounds, waiting for the room to heal them.
Cas tugged at his zip-tied hands, felt the surge of pain soothe his frazzled nerves. He could do pain, he knew how to get lost in that. “Maybe that’s what I want. Maybe this is all I’ve ever wanted.”
“Yeah, except for leaving me alone when I don’t want to be found. Pretty much the only thing I’ve asked of you lately.” He picked up a pool cue, swung it around until the air parted before it with a swoosh. “Think if I bruise you up enough Sammy might think twice before sending you after me again?”
It wasn’t hard for Dean to get Cas in his car; with his wrists still tied, nearly boneless from the high of his orgasm, and with the encroaching pain that was starting to border on too much without the pleasure to soften it.
“What is this, Dean? No, we have to be ready to run. Whatever Chuck has…. whatever he’s done I won’t let it continue. You don’t have to do this.”
Cas froze, and that was all Dean needed to continue his explorations of Cas’ body. Hands everywhere, wet tongue,
Dean gasped, moaned, and hugged him closer. “Make me so hot for you.” He started to shift around, and Cas became hyper aware of all the layers of clothes that brushed against him, of how Dean was clothed and hidden, got to keep his dignity.
“Don’t say that!” Cas hissed. “You don’t believe that, I don’t believe that.” He turned, pulled himself free to curl up with his knees to his chest.
He woke up slumped sideways in the passenger seat. Aware first of the hand still holding steady around his throat. He sucked in a breath and moaned, leaned into the hold and Dean chuckled.
“He isn’t.” Cas hunched over. His wings, his being, had bonded with Dean because he was the closest earthly thing and he needed a tether. When Dean forced Lucifer to ground, he would bond with the closest human—Sam. Irrevocably joined, body and soul, more completely than just an angel and its host.
Jack was there, frowning, his hand placed on the wall beside the opening. Of course he was the power source enabling Dean’s rescue. He turned a little red, and looked away, and tried to ignore Dean’s nakedness.
he thought, but didn’t say. They were mostly beyond the point of being open and truthful with each other.
This was just one more thing to add to the list, it seemed. One more painful violation to chalk up to his own ineptitude. He should have been able to fight Dean, at any other time in his long, long life, he would have been the strongest of the two of them. He wasn’t sure what bothered him most—the reminder of his lack of agency and his depleted strength, or his so-called friend taking pleasure from his body without his say-so. It was probably a draw. There were certainly no winners here.
“We’re already fucked up, you and me. What’s a little more between friends?” Dean frowned at him. “Try and rest Cas, you’re tired.”
Dean’s grip tightened, vice-like, unforgiving. Cas sucked in the air that he could and flicked his eyes back and forth between his boyfriend’s cock, and Dean’s fascinated green eyes, until his vision and his ability to stay conscious began to waver.
He cried out again as Dean added more pressure, and then near sobbed in relief at getting a moment's respite. “Keep making those sounds Angel, they’re sending my blood right where I want it.”
“He's a little occupied at the moment,” Dean replied, closing his fist again so Cas gasped, mouth open and tongue panting for slips of air.
Because that’s what Dean musn’t understand, by forcing them to manifest, he’d taken all their power, stolen the star-song and the glory from them, made them purely physical. He could put them away again, if the cuts ever healed, but they would never be the same, they wouldn’t have the same connection to the heavenly host, nor the ether between realities where his true form could exist.
Dean moved him, little by little, an arm under his waist to hoist him up, nudged his knees aside, pinned his arms in a way that felt less suffocating than being laid on them but was just as impossible to deal with. This entire situation was improbable, ridiculous. He should throw Dean off and be done. He should have had the power to stop this but he
that got your tongue because he's been here making all these sweet noises for me. So tell me Sam, is it true? Do you want me?”
Chuck found them with Dean sitting on Cas’s lap, legs splayed out to either side, and Cas buried to the hilt inside him. Dean’s head resting on his shoulder, the pain gone, as he was full and stretched wide.
Dean didn’t speak again, but rammed home like the end of the world was coming up behind them and he had to finish before it got there. He wrapped an arm around Cas’s neck, hauled him up and fucked and fucked until hot, wet come filled Cas’s ass.
Dean appeared as a dark form, trying to climb onto the bed and kick off his shoes all at once. Cas smelled the whisky-sour breath, heard the slurred words, felt Dean’s fumbling movements and sighed. “You’re drunk.”
Not that that stopped anything. It never had. It was why Cas spent so much time dizzy with substance and lost in a fog; to forget the deeds he had been too weak to stop, to will away the memories of the things and people he hadn’t been able to save.
There was pushing and pulling and fingers in his ass, Dean’s hands in his hair. Lube transferred from place to place and Dean’s precome smeared across his belly until Cas felt sticky all over and humiliated. Sweaty and a mess and furious. Despite his protests and his lack of interest Dean was insatiable. He left kisses and whispered dirty things over every inch of Cas’ body.
Cas considered Dean for a moment. He’d already lost his angel blade in their brief tussle because he wasn’t willing to hurt Dean. And with the blade held casually close to his throat he’d divested himself of his coat and jacket, at Dean’s “request”. He wasn’t here to make things difficult, he was here to see his friend. He was here to bring Dean home.
When Dean’s hands roved lower, left his face and neck and slipped under the waistband of his pants he knew he was mistaken. Dean’s hands were warm, pressed just the right amount onto his skin to make him want to arch into the touch, but that was just physiological. He didn’t
“Dean, please.” Cas tried to make some room between himself and the immovable weight of Dean’s body.
Cas’s fingers touched his temples and soft angelic grace suffused his mind, filled his body—but there wasn’t any hurt, there was nothing to heal. It was just Chuck’s wrath made metaphysical, torturing Dean. Torturing him unless he had something stuffed up his ass. It was pain or humiliation, and Dean took the humiliation every time.
Dean settled his arm under his head as a pillow. He always had to spend the night on his belly, the expanding lockable plug that usually went up his ass made laying on his back or his side too uncomfortable. He eyed it, on it’s chain, looking so innocent now Cas was here. “H-how long has it been?”
Thank you to everyone who was excited to see Sam come into play and get another instalment of this, inspiring me to pick it back up!
“Shh, shh, just let it all fall away. We’re going home, Cas, and there’s so much I’m gonna do to you.”
Dean’s hands pulled at the hem of his shorts, started to move them down his hips and it took everything in Cas not to shift with the tug and let them be pulled free. Not like this, out of nowhere with no explanation.
Cas protested lightly, even as his eyes dropped to Dean’s cock, but a little sweet talking, and a little begging, and some moans… and Cas rocked the hook back and forth in a more gentle way that Chuck never was until Dean spilled his load across the white tiles and the chains retracted and he could slump in exhaustion to the floor.
“Are you… jealous?” Cas asked, actually curious. He loved Sam, and Sam loved him, but that didn’t have to be
He screamed in enochian, desperate keening sounds, and was duly aware of his physical form being pressed down and taken while his angelic form was forced to manifest. Too many sensations from all sides that gripped him in a vice, squeezed until he thought he couldn’t stand another second and must either crack apart or cease to exist.
“Not much straight about what we’re doing right now, buddy.” Dean would have winked but the pain kept his eyes firmly shut. His mouth quirked into a parody of a smile though, and he was surprised it didn’t hurt his face to use those muscles after so long. “Come on, distract me, it still—fuck it still hurts.”
Dean had enacted the spell but it hadn’t been long since it was cast, maybe there was still time for someone else to bond with him too, to make his connection with Dean less all encompassing. Cas thought about stumbling out to beg for someone else at camp to fuck him, to touch his wings and call him theirs. To love him. The idea was laughable. Humiliating.
“I will not ask you to hurt Dean,” Cas tilted his hips as he spoke, the one movement still left to him under Chuck’s invisible weight.
His breath caught when Chuck materialised through the wall. His fears came back tenfold, magnified a thousand ways, with a hundred worries. What if Cas was ripped away now? What if Chuck added demands on Cas’s presence, now that he was here? The chance for Sam to pull them out before things got worse, came, and passed, and was left in the dust—they’d pay for the error in blood.
Cas put his knuckles under Dean’s chin. They weren’t grabbing or pulling, just insistently pressing for Dean to look at him. Which he did, because Cas was all he had in the world and he couldn’t deny himself the comfort.
Dean moved lightning fast, hefted Cas up and divested him of his pants in one smooth move. Cas kicked his ankles, drew his legs together but a quick sharp bite at his nipple made him gasp and loosen and Dean drew the pants over his feet to drop onto the floor with a soft
It didn’t hurt, none of it hurt and he almost found himself wishing it would. It would make it easier to understand how he could be hating this while Dean loved it.
So when the East wall broke open, and black nothing seeped in, and a man in a tan trench coat stepped out, Dean’s mind exploded into overload and he groaned. If he could have covered his eyes and ears he would have, but he’d been strung up by the hook (always the damn hook, always held in place in the most humiliating way) with the chain looped somewhere up over his head and the other end attached to the cuffs on his wrists. Jerking his arms down forced the hook to delve deeper into his ass.
where Dean was headed. His head pounded in a way that told him the sleep he’d had wasn’t enough, his body ached, and he felt weak. Weak with resolve, and weak physically too.
“You gotta,” Dean rushed to say, he could feel the itch that would lead to the burning building beneath his skin as the clock ticked to the metaphorical midnight, time running out. It would be pumpkins soon, red flesh, squashed innards, bleeding pulp. “It’s worse if you don’t. Cas! I have’ta bleed, now, please!”
The day went faster, easier, the hook didn’t press on his prostate so much with Cas there to steady him when he tired, to stop the shifting and rocking. He was still half hard and feeling desperate, but he had someone to talk to, a distraction to occupy his mind.
He was stuck here, with only Dean, and Dean’s hands and his words and all the things that should have been given freely but instead were being stolen.
“Dean,” he said, lost for any other words. This wasn’t right, he wasn’t here to do this. Dean had struck past all of his defences, and Cas had
“But this is better. So much better. You fully clothed but laid out for me to take. Just this one little hole here, where I can get to the meaty centre.”
Dean was gentle. Unerringly soft in his movements, hardly jolting Cas, and it was such a counterpoint to the pain that he’d caused, the violation he was perpetrating, that Cas’ head swam. The sickening sweetness tasted wrong, felt unbelievable, and he realised it wasn’t sweetness at all, only another kind of salt to rub into the open wounds of his being.
“Our mutual friends found a way, once we could pinpoint your location. I’m sure they’ll get the door open again and then we’ll get you out.”
“Not sure I feel a lot of anything, given my current condition.” Dean’s eyes flashed to inky depths, and he winked. “Apart from the urge to turn you black ‘n blue, just for fun.”
“Hmm, still a defiant subject aren’t you. I’m sure tomorrow, with the chance to start on some clever device for Cas’s development, maybe I’ll start to see some cracks.”
Roughly he tugged at his own dick, trying to find some spark of arousal. Maybe he could bond with himself, be his own physical connection to the earth. Maybe maybe maybe. His thoughts whirled, his body ached, and he chafed the skin of his dick with a too-dry palm.
Dean’s arousal was obvious, in the heat of his touch and the fervour of his actions. In the hot hard length of his cock and the sweat littering his skin. Cas was cold and still as stone and not aroused at all.
When Dean estimated it to be almost exactly a day since Cas’s arrival… the wall on his right turned black again. He was used to Cas’s dark hair, and bright blue eyes by then, so the sudden change in colour didn’t make his head ache. He was not prepared to see Sam though, and hissed, pulling away, trying to turn and hide. Cas threw himself forward, and stopped Sam from entering, so he was just a floating torso leaning through the black hole.
Dean knew that Cas understood something vital. Because something else was missing. Something he’d been used to through his ordeal.
“Of course not! You’re suffering, and injured. I apologise for my vessel’s response, it’s inappropriate…”
Dean was well aware, and he swallowed the last small dregs of his pride. He hadn’t known he had any left, but apparently he was wrong.
Cas still insisted on getting him down, but it didn’t stop the humiliation. The hook had pressed on his prostate for hours, shifting with every movement, and Cas
“Uncomfortable,” Cas snapped. The dried come made the fabric feel more coarse, the friction was almost unbearable now. He liked his pain, but he liked it to lead somewhere and his body was
He was ashamed of his need now, though. Outside the four walls of his prison, it burned to still crave what had hurt him. He laid an arm over Cas’s waist and sighed, and wondered… could he really ask to be filled again, just to feel right for a few moments?
The hook came free and the pain built behind his eyes instantly. It was second nature by now to squeeze his eyes closed and stem the tide of agony, a practiced movement to transition quickly. Dean crawled blindly for the plug and twisted around to try and insert it. Cas didn’t need to help with yet more intimate problems.
“I don’t have to be so close. He’s more powerful than you. With you I wanted to be up close and personal, make sure the sigils knew exactly what angel they were being carved into. Lucifer will be the only thing with that much power in
Dean stilled, his grip bruising and getting tighter. Cas closed his eyes, rested his cheek on the Impala’s sun-warmed metal. Their clothes brushed, and settled, fabric sliding and rustling as they breathed in tandem. Cas felt disgusting, come-dried clothes left to stick to his skin while Dean fucked him from behind, through his torn and ruined pants. The hurt, the pain, the bone-deep want was enough to almost push him over the edge.
“I like driving my dates home at the end of the night.” Dean shrugged. “Makes me feel like I treated them real special.”
“Why,” Cas sucked in air through his mouth, and tried to get his body under control, violently shivering instead. “Why are we in the car Dean?”
Gentle hands lifted his face, a hand under his chin and he balked—that was, no Chuck did that, he couldn’t— “Hello Dean.”
He could withstand torture, but the monotony was wearing. Tunes kept getting lost from his head, falling out with each drop of spilled blood, until all he could manage were broken hums and half-snatches of melodies, mixed with wheezing gurgles from his throat.
Cas nodded, holding Dean’s gaze steady. Dean took it as a challenge. He brushed up against Cas, crotch to crotch and ground their cocks together. Dean was hard too, Cas could feel it where Dean humped him.
He felt abandoned, left out in the cold even with Dean pressed so close. He could feel heaven pulling away from him further, now he was sullied, now his wings had emerged and grounded him to the earth.
The fluid leaking from his ass came into focus second, slipping past his ripped clothes and going tacky beneath him and the seat. Disgusting, awful, and... exactly what he wanted. As he moved to get away, it
“Calm your tits, Sam. He’s just a little out of breath that’s all. But there’s this funny thing he said when I was balls deep…”
Cas looked into Dean’s eyes, swallowed. He didn’t want to lie. He couldn’t lie, not with his body parading the truth directly under Dean’s nose. He nodded. Dean abandoned the pool cue, dropped it to the floor with a clatter and pushed himself into Cas’s space.
“Can’t regret how I feel Cas. Won’t. Too much of my life I’ve… I've held back and repressed and now—now I just can’t anymore. Kinda freeing, y’know?”
“We’re behind the center,” Cas confirms briefly. “Charlie, you can set up here to keep an eye on us. You’ll be safe here.”
Cas opens his mouth, but Dean cuts in before he can say anything. Something about the look on Singer’s face makes him wary of saying anything about what they heard. Like it might hurt the guy.
Sam is driving the Impala again, with Charlie, which really just adds to making this the strangest couple of days Dean has had in a long time. The quiet as Castiel works between a tablet and a holoband screen beside him has given him too much time to think already.
It’s what he’s heard all his life. It’s all anyone has heard. He can’t explain his doubts. Maybe it’s because he wants to believe there might be a way to save his parents someday. Or Jo. Anyone. It’s a crazy hope, but he has it.
“Meaning what?” Dean asks. Before he fell asleep he remembers Castiel being frustrated at his screen at some point. More than one point, really. When Dean asked what was wrong he just shook his head and said he could fix it. Probably.
As dire as the situation apparently is, Cas still seems to be hesitating, looking around the corridor and at the stairs as if he’s expecting something to jump out at him.
What? But there’s no time for questions, really, and Dean’s not going to stand around in a crumbling building. The group around them is already stampeding back the way they came, and he and Cas are herded with them.
they would have bothered calling if we had to be. But all of the research...everything says we can’t change anything and it doesn’t matter.”
they’re all looking at them. Dean exchanges a glance with Cas and quirks an eyebrow, questioning. Cas just shrugs a little; it’s all right to go on. “We got a call from
“He said he didn’t know when they were,” Charlie says. Dean appreciates the fact that she doesn’t remind anyone the
They’ve been in the dark so long Dean is squinting immediately, but he can still make out the forms of technicians and people in lab coats. The normal activity around him. Some of them turn to look.
“Quiet!” Singer snaps. His aim swings back and forth between the two of them. “Both of you! Hand over the comms,
Cas widens his eyes at him. It seems like he understands that too, but what the hell are they supposed to do about it? How can they tell them why they’re here? If investigating and preventing time offenses is their job, do they know about the new anomaly? What does it mean for them if they find out
He winces when he realizes that would be even worse—if there were more of these things—but it seems, unfortunately, like a logical connection.
“You’re saying that like I’ll disagree. I don’t. I don’t get all organizational like Sam did with the Junior PACTT stuff, but I’m still pretty sure there’s something wrong with what we’re doing.”
doing besides sitting in a lab or something?” Dean answers hotly. But his stomach churns because he knows that until now, for all his talk and his reading and his
Dean takes a tentative step, and as he inches forward he thinks he might feel a breeze. He’d think it’s just the central system, but there are no mechanical sounds at all anymore.
Singer curses quietly. “They were hoping to get to you a little sooner—give you more of a warning,” he says aloud. “Do you know where they are?”
Charlie speaks up through their comms, having been instructed not to talk to them until they were out of sight and earshot of any guards—unless it was an emergency. Thankfully there hasn’t been one yet. She’s been listening, as has Sam. The plan was for the comm loop to stay open to all of them once they were inside.
“Yes?” He doesn’t look up, and he doesn’t seem to mind the nickname any more than his counterpart did.
Despite the roiling in Dean’s stomach, they get by without much to-do at all. One of the black-uniformed men takes a quick glance at their ID chips and ushers them by—after a brief incident in which Dean activates his upside-down, quickly corrects and kicks himself inwardly. He has a distinct feeling Cas would have smirked at him if he could, and only didn’t because that would have been suspicious.
“Fine,” he grouses. It’s better than the threat of being locked away for something they didn’t do or killed by some kind of corporate mob for knowing too much, or something equally shitty. “Next time we’re bringing rope or something…”
“Not much. In smaller facilities like this, this area’s really more for maintaining and repairing calling equipment and implementing new protocols.”
Singer is at the back, holding out a hand for Bevell, who is dead last. She makes a running leap, grabs the offered hand, and Singer hauls her in and shoves her up toward the front. It’s clear they still don’t like each other very well.
“Go,” Cas says over his shoulder. He’s already backing toward the door. Dean pulls it open and brushes his sleeve, trying to let him know he’s going, but not without him.
“What do you think is in there?” he asks. “What could they possibly need that much manpower to protect? Well…” He backpedals. “Besides the equipment. I don’t guess any of that needs to end up in the wrong hands.”
The voice trails off, Cas stiffens beside him, and in the spill of the other handheld lights they’re looking into Robert Singer’s stunned face. His eyebrows have climbed to his hairline.
Now he looks up. “They have to closely monitor the area in and around any call center for signs of distortion outside certain parameters. Part of the safety reforms instituted after St. Louis to make people feel more secure using the technology.”
Cas just pulls him along, avoiding debris, which is more plentiful now than before. At least, Dean doesn’t
“Hey,” Dean sighs. For some reason he still feels like he should be quiet since it’s so early. Even if everyone in the house is awake. He backs up wordlessly to let them in, running straight into a solid form behind him, hovering too close.
They’re brought back into the fray in the offices, past the teams scouring every surface and file and tablet. Singer leads the way into a conference room two doors down from the manager’s office Dean and Cas had sequestered themselves in less than hour ago. The oval glass table takes up most of the room, and holo-screens wrap the walls. Half of them aren’t working, and some of them flicker off and on.
“You weren’t just gone. I couldn’t hear your footsteps anymore,” he says, like he’s just realizing it.
“2060,” Cas says finally. “Right after the attacks on the centers in August. We got the call the day it happened.”
Dean feels silly tiptoeing up to them, and more silly watching Cas turn sideways to step carefully between them. He makes it and turns back to beckon Dean through. Dean can’t decide whether or not to roll his eyes as he stands there, hesitating. He doesn’t have time to make up his mind before Cas snags the arm of his suit jacket and starts tugging him slowly through. He can’t protest or make noise pulling his arm back, because that would give them away. He has no choice but to let it happen.
“Maybe, but if we make a mistake I’d rather they just think we’re one of theirs somewhere we’re not supposed to be—not outright intruders.”
“If something went horribly wrong with the time calling technology,” Castiel sighs. “Which they seemed to be trying to tell us. To be honest, it doesn’t surprise me as much as it probably should. I’ve been suspecting TempCo bit off more than they could chew, the way they’ve been using the Anomaly, transmitting an increasing number of calls through it over the years...I imagine the answer lies in whatever we’re supposed to find. They mentioned evidence.”
doesn’t like me right now, and she’d probably have the locals lock you up just to spite me. So I’d think about my options if I were you.”
They study the map, and a silent moment or two later an orange line pops up on it—a route from here to the equipment bay.
Sam’s glancing back at them as he drives. “Are you sure you don’t want me to sit here? Even with the windows on full tint? I don’t mind, and it’d be quicker to get you two out of there if something goes south. I could just—”
He wants to find one of the places where everything changes. He wants to go there on purpose. “Are you out of your mind?”
Chilled, Dean snaps the holo-band display back off. He’s already twitching, leaning toward the door, wanting to get moving. He doesn't know which way they should go.
“He’s right, Sammy. I have no problem with you staying kinda close, believe me, but I’d feel better if you weren’t right out here in the open.” He swallows and looks down at his hands, clicking on the ID chip. “What’s my name again?”
The program Cas set in the car’s navigation panel takes them through more backroads, and then off onto a gravel road that takes them closer to where Dean is pretty sure the call center is. The gravel dead-ends in the woods.
He climbs out of the car after Cas, who motions them into the trees. Charlie and Sam are emerging from the Impala.
In the grass at the bottom, several vehicles are parked—two large open trucks and a jeep. He’s only seen transports like that on the news before, carrying troops. They’re not new but they’re not like the jeep, which looks so old it might even use some form of gasoline like the Impala. The men who reach the bottom are climbing into the vehicles and Dean follows the crowd down, hopping over chunks of concrete and metal to race to the ground.
Dean glances at Cas’s holoband screen. It looks like the police and investigators are still there, but a new force of armed men in black combat uniforms circles the site’s grounds.
These people must have charted a path on the way to them that avoided cracks—or organic fissures, or whatever the hell they are—because they don’t seem worried about happening upon them now. They bypass computer labs and other rooms that Dean vaguely remembers from before, and everything in them is smashed now.
His eyes start to adjust, and the end of the corridor begins to seem lighter, tinted blue...almost like moonlight, except that makes no sense. It’s only early afternoon outside.
They talked for hours, and the most personal thing they got to after their dead parents was the coffee stuff this morning.
The perimeter guards pause all at once, some of them with hands going to their ears like they’re listening.
But there’s really no time to go into that. The worried voices are nearly on them and with a glance, they seem to decide to wait to be found.
do? Are there other new ones? Shurley Industries has been hiding it for a reason, and there’s no way to know if they had help keeping it under wraps.
Of all the things Charlie has done in the entire time Dean has known her, finding out she can make them invisible to anyone wearing implants once Cas had her into that network has got to be the craziest.
Dean snorts, not sure whether he should be offended. That’s starting to be a theme with this guy. “Like you look much older.”
It takes a moment for Dean to process that he’s talking about their still-joined hands and that they should probably leave them that way in case things are weird outside, too. Funny. For some reason Dean thought maybe he wanted to say more than that.
He and his partner seem pretty in sync, but the smaller blonde woman shadowing them is jockeying for position at Singer’s other side. She’s also in a pantsuit, but one much more closely tailored than Mills, and her sharp jaw and body language just scream condescension. Dean dislikes her before she even opens her mouth.
Castiel nods, maybe a little absent. “As ready as it’s going to be, probably.” He leads them all back to the computer room, explaining as he goes. “There’s likely to still be some choppiness; they’ve changed their technique a bit.”
Dean follows him up a flight of stairs and out onto a balcony in what he’s guessing is the equipment bay they were looking for. Below them spread broken machines and spare parts and rubble. Here they’re close enough to the second detonation site they can see cracks in the walls and floor. But that isn’t the bad part.
“It doesn’t matter; it won’t do any good now. The place is crawling with emergency workers, police, and probably people from TempCo’s headquarters. And if something strange or wrong is in there, you can be sure the company will want to keep it under wraps. We need a different plan.”
“What now!” Singer huffs in frustration. His gun comes back out. “Is this your friend? Who’s out there?” He goes for the door. “Stay with them!” he says to Mills. She draws her own weapon, and then Singer and the uniforms are gone and it’s the three of them in the dim conference room.
Dean leans into the balcony rail, gaping, because an area in the middle of the bay floor is empty and cracks spread from a single point as if something punched the ground. Above the cracks the air ripples and pulses like water. The effect spreads as far up as they are—on a balcony two levels up from the ground floor—and almost as wide.
“There are men named Jody,” Cas says defensively. “Granted, this particular agent isn’t one, but in any case, I had to pull from existing records.”
“Jesus Christ, someone keep an eye on Dean!” Jo yelled, making herself and Dean wince from the volume. He swayed to the music, though he wasn’t sure what song was playing. He reached for his almost-empty cup but it was snatched away in a chorus of no’s.
“Ah fuck!” Cas poked his head up and grabbed Gabriel’s ankle, but he was one step ahead and dove in. But, unlike Cas, he had a swimsuit. “Dammit man.” He was soaking, his hair slick to his head and shirt suctioned to his chest. Damn. Dean reminded himself to thank Gabriel later. The teens busted out in laughter and started splashing each other mercilessly. Clothes tight against his skin, Cas hauled himself out of the pool teeth chattering in the cold air. Dean pulled himself out too, walking to where Cas stood, his own skin screaming in protest of the cold.
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to…” Donna appeared in the connecting door before closing it quickly. The two jumped apart and Dean sprinted to catch Donna before she got away. He threw the door open and nearly fell into the room where Donna was hurrying to the door that led to the street.
Dean’s clock buzzed eight pm, he groaned and rolled out of bed. He lifted his window and threw his legs out, sliding out and into the backyard, where he shut it quietly behind him. Leaving it cracked enough to get back in without waking anyone up. If he got busted for this there’d be hell to pay. He tapped lightly on Sam's window. His head popping up through the curtains.
Dean shot up. What the hell was he thinking? He didn’t know why Cas irked him so bad. He ran his hands over his face, rolled over, and tried not to think at all.
Benny busted out laughing on Monday morning when Dean showed up. “Dude! Your fucking hair!” Dean had tried to get the bleach out, but anyone who has bleached their hair would know, that shit doesn’t come out. He finally gave up, but when he walked into school, he regretted it immediately.
His bloody and freckled face illuminated, and he inhaled deeply. His mind wandered to the blue-eyed boy he’d been seeing everywhere, at least that’s how it seemed. He thought about when he looked at Dean from beneath furrowed eyebrows. He thought about his pale face flushed with heat in English class. And he remembered the rumors from freshman year. Dean shook his head and wiped his hand over his face, forgetting the cuts and swelling eye, wincing at the bolt of pain it sent through his head, creating the dull throb of a migraine that the fading liquor didn’t help. He guessed it was nearly one in the morning and he would definitely be feeling tonight in the morning.
“No.” His breath caught in his throat and pulled Cas around him, putting his arms at Cas’s waist so he wouldn’t get his ribs hurt in the process. He pushed his face into Cas’s neck, breathing in the aftershave and soap, and tears brimmed his eyes. “I didn’t want you to get hurt too.”
“This is my house. And I thought we ‘discussed’ your issue, so what is he doing here?” John’s voice went sour at the image of Cas in his house. You could almost feel the tension in the room with your fingers.
“No ma’am. Sorry.” He went back to taking notes on this week’s old dead white man who thought he had something interesting to say.
“That I felt the same.” He looked back at Sam to see his reaction before continuing. “I got us out of there and now Cas is human, and we popped back up in Colorado. I tried to call you, I thought you might’ve disappeared too.”
Later that evening, Dean brushed the lint off of Sam’s button up and ruffled up his hair. “Aw my precious baby boy going on a date.” He clutched at his chest and mimicked a weeping mother.
“We made a deal. You haven’t seen him, have you?” Dean eyed a shadow moving out of the corner of his eye.
“Well, baby this isn't a doctor's office if you couldn’t tell, you dumbass.” She pressed it gingerly to his eyebrow, as he winced he noticed Jo looking pissed off and muttering something to Billie. He looked back at Pam; her hazel eyes focused on the cuts on his face, careful to not hit his eye that was turning a disgusting shade of purple.
It waited for a while, as if pondering. “You know, I’m a sucker for a love story. So, I’ll make you a deal.”
Dean turned his face upwards, “I’ve got him you son of a bitch now send us back!” But nothing happened. After hours of trying to wake him up, Cas’s eyes fluttered open. He threw himself on Dean, pinning him and pulling out his angel blade. The same glint in his eye that he had when Naomi had brainwashed him. “Cas! Cas it’s me.”
Dean awoke the next morning, head throbbing painfully and throat sore from throwing up. He ran his hands over his face and pulled them out in front of him to examine the damage. The nail marks had dried blood caked in them and the concrete scrapes had lost a layer of skin. Rustling in the kitchen let him know that Sammy was awake. He groaned and stretched as he pulled himself out of bed, landing on his feet and running his hands through his hair. Fuck. Remembering last night, he slumped back to his bed. His hands gripping at Cas’s hips, pulling him closer until they were breathing the same air. Fuck! He had kissed him didn’t he. Dean couldn’t even say it wasn’t his fault, he had pushed the other up against the wall. He tried to shake the image of Cas’s eyes shut tight, waiting for Dean. Grabbing a hoodie and throwing it over his head. He left his room.
“That doesn’t mean you go and kick the shit out of the two nearest sorry bastards!” Benny shook his head. “I’ll bring Sam home later, go in and clean yourself up.” They pulled up to the curb in front of Dean’s house, and he jumped out, not paying attention to Benny watching him walk up the steps before driving off, back to the school.
“Am I going to eat all this myself?” Sam shot Dean a quizzical look, “Hurry up, it’ll get cold.” Sam and Dean scrambled to their feet and saw him unpacking a bucket and digging into the rolls. “Grab some plates Dean.” They settled at the table; the boys almost confused at how normal John was acting. They ate in silence and Dean thought about what he would be thankful for, KFC for starters. He was grateful to have good friends, and Sammy. He even supposed that Castiel wasn’t so bad, which frightened him and made him glance nervously at John. Half expecting him to hear Dean’s thoughts and toss him to the street on principal. He stopped himself from thinking about Cas any further than that, worried that his dad would see right through him.
“Dean!” Sam quickly flattened his hair in the mirror and shoved him out of the way. “Will you be okay here?” He lowered his voice.
“I wonder who that could be.” Dean felt a twinge of guilt but pushed it aside to laugh at Cas. “Come on, can’t be that bad. Let me see.” Dean pawed at Cas’s collar, unbuttoning the top two buttons and looking at his work.
The next morning, Castiel woke up to the sounds of his brothers getting ready for school. He shared a room with Gabriel, who insisted on looking perfect. It was only six thirty, so he put on some running shoes and walked through the busy house. Raph was in the kitchen making something that he couldn’t pronounce, and Zach was sitting on the counter in his work uniform. They were a few years older than Cas and they had taken over head of house things since Luce was sent to prison, and Michael disappeared, not unlike their father. He had left when Cas was just a kid, so he only had his brothers. They took care of each other, but they didn’t always see eye to eye.
The next few days passed in a blur; Dean regretted the way he spoke to Castiel. Nothing even happened. And Dean was with Pam anyway, he was straight. Other people could be, like that. But not me. He thought to himself, remembering all the times John had used it as an insult and drilled it into them that those kinds of people were messed up. Dean ran his hands through his hair and sat up in his bed. The water had been turned on again, so he figured he could get a shower in before he had to get Pam at 6. Benny was letting him borrow the truck, thank Christ, Dean loved his dad’s car, but hell would freeze over before he could take it to a drive in. “I know what those heathens do at drive ins, I was a stupid kid once too.” Is what John would say. So, he rolled out of bed and jumped into the shower. Feeling the warm water hit his chest, he put his face under the water. His freckles were fading from the fall sun, it was something he always liked about his appearance. Before too long, the water started running cold and Dean ran his fingers through his hair to rinse the soap out and shut the water off.
“Nah, I’ve got three other brothers. They won’t be back till late though.” Cas watched Dean take the mug to busy his hands, knuckles still raw from the other day.
“She’s, she’s on her way here.” Sam smiled to himself before taking a sip of his beer. “We’re free Dean.”
“Dean Winchester. I can turn my head when you are looking everywhere but the board, but you’re fidgeting like a crackhead looking to score.” She shuffled some papers across her desk, “Do I need to be concerned?”
Cas looked around the room, eyes drifting from the posters on the wall to the pile of dirty clothes, that Dean quickly shoved into the closet. He pulled off his leather jacket and shirt and tossed them to the floor, setting on the edge of his bed, watching Cas. His thin silhouette against the light of the moon. He wasn’t tall, but he only stood an inch or two shorter than Dean. Cas dropped his coat onto the floor in a pile and kicked off his shoes, standing between Dean’s legs at the bed. He dropped his head down and placed a kiss on his lips, biting at Dean’s bottom lip. He sighed and leaned in, pulling in Cas by the shirt. Cas grabbed the back of his shirt by the neck and pulled it off, throwing it ungraciously to the floor with Dean’s. Dean shamelessly took in Cas’s bare chest, milky white in the moonlight and golden crucifix hanging delicately around his neck. And puts a hand against Cas’s stomach, kissing and biting at his bare collarbones.
He couldn’t cover it up, “Haha, maybe.” The two busted out laughing, both of their heads fuzzy with booze. “God it was so funny, you should’ve seen him after school.”
“You haven’t been here. You haven’t been the one paying the bills, John.” Suddenly, Dean got a wave of confidence that he never had when speaking to him.
“Yes.” Cas turned his back to Dean and stared straight ahead, “I was just watching the bees.” What the fuck? Dean wasn’t scared of bees, but he had no desire to hang around them. Cas turned and saw the hesitation in his face and waved him over. “They won’t sting you; I promise.”
“No.” He waved Dean away and turned to walk away, “Good luck getting out of here once you do find him.” This stuck with Dean and he realized he had no escape plan. He walked like this for what he assumed was months, and he realized that the Empty could’ve hid Cas anywhere. Cas’s confession echoed in his head all the while, this reminded him of purgatory, except darker. Before long he dropped to his knees and prayed.
“Dean, you know what I’m talking about. I heard what happened with your dad. Is that what’s going on.” Dean’s face went to stone and he swallowed, she had struck a nerve.
“Yea, I’m not too sure her dad will like me being the one to pick her up, but it's been months, I reckon he’ll have to get over it.” Dean knew he drove too fast and played his music too loud, but Pam didn’t seem to mind.
Cas sat at his seat in English with his head down, ignoring the whistles from the back of the class where a few of the football team guys sat. Dean internally punched himself for making it so obvious. He was almost proud but more than that, embarrassed. Jo whispered to him all through class, more thinking aloud than anything about Castiel and his new wild thing. But she eventually moved on to see if Benny was doing anything since his folks were out of town.
When it pulled its hand from his chest, it left Cas gasping. “What will you do with it?” He asked, still clutching his chest.
“Who with?” This made him queasy, she didn’t know about Cas’s lack of attraction to women, just of his lack of attraction to her.
Before long, the weekend had come. Benny had called ahead to book three rooms, the pair joined by a door. Dean told his dad he’d be staying at Benny’s and packed an overnight bag. They had invited around twenty kids and he was sure more would show up, but they weren’t all staying the night. Jo had gotten Ash to donate some liquor, and he’d take some off the top of her pay. She worked at the roadhouse as a waitress most days, but her mom owned the joint so she could usually get out of work when she wanted to. Benny pulled up to the house honking once for Dean to come out. Dean had convinced Sammy that he’d be okay and told him to behave so he didn’t have to come back. Leaves crunched underfoot as Dean walked to the truck, throwing his duffel into the floorboard.
Dean cleared his throat, “So,” heat crowded the back of his neck, he glanced over his shoulder. “What’s up with you and bees?”
“No, he was like that by the time I got to him.” His eyes were trained on Dean, but he was the only person who was focused on him. Cas watched the way he walked up to his friends and noticed his old leather jacket. Cas liked him, he used to. That was before Dean kicked the shit out of him.
“Stop it! You’ll kill him!” Sammy ran in and was pulling at John’s arms to stop him, but he just flung him away. “You piece of shit!” He grabbed Dean by the arm, “Get the hell out of my house!” John grabbed his clothes from the floor and threw Dean out on the front yard on his ass, chucking his clothes out after him. Dean felt the dew wet grass against his bare back and listened to John’s screaming from outside the house. It was a wonder the cops hadn’t been called.
“No need to sound so put out Cas. I figured it’d be fine after your whole ‘I love you’ speech in the bunker.”
“Nothing. Just go back to bed. I’ll be fine.” Garth, Jo, and Billie all went into the living room, talking quickly and quietly between themselves. Dean looked up at benny, “I’m serious man, don’t call the police.”
Dean ripped his eyes away from Cas’s and ran a hand over his face and let out a breath he didn’t know he’d been holding. He ran his hand through his hair and walked back into the cafeteria, glancing over his shoulder. Dean watched him lean against the wall and put his head in his hands. He almost regretted bringing it up, now that he thought about it, Cas would be just as bad off for saying anything.
“Dean,” He hesitated, “Dean I just saw him kicking you and then he threw you out into the yard.” He didn’t have to say it, Dean knew he was scared.
“Woah, what happened to your face?” Her eyes filled with concern, she hadn’t gone to the dance, or seen him since last block yesterday. “Did you get in a fight?” She reached up to inspect his eyebrow, but he swatted her away.
“Someone tell Gabriel it’s finally happened!” Benny said, and Dean turned to see where he was looking. And he saw him. Castiel. Fuck. “I thought that sorry son of a bitch would never get any. I wanna know who though, whoever she is she went crazy on him.” Dean saw the purple marks on Cas’s neck and the trail disappeared under his shirt. He had tried to wear something that would cover it, he had a collared shirt, but it wasn’t enough. Dean knew where the marks ended.
Dean made a silent prayer that John would pass out before he got to the hallway. He listened to the breeze blow into his room and rustle his posters, ears strained listening for footsteps outside his door, but they never came. So, he slumped back on his pillow and waited for morning.
“No, Dean. Go figure yourself out, and if you decide you can handle whatever this is. Then we can talk.” She turned on her heel and walked back into the gym.
“No. He just kept yelling, and I went to my room once he threw you out. You laid on the grass so long I thought you might’ve died.”
“Still, you didn’t pick a fight with him, right?” Gabriel snapped his fingers in front of Cas’s face to see if he was still listening.
Dean got back home around midnight, pushing the window open quietly, odds were that John had already passed out for the night. He had passed by Sammy’s window and knocked to make sure he got home alright; he made a mental note to ask about his date later. Cas had parked up the street and walked him back to his house, and then climbed in the window after him, not questioning why they snuck in instead of just going in through the front door.
Cas walked down the front steps of the Lafitte house and sat in his car. Numb. He didn’t know what to say or what to do to get Dean back. He had stared right through him, whatever John had done, he broke Dean. Cas pulled out of the driveway and sped off in no particular direction, he just had to get away. He should’ve done something when John burst in, he should’ve pulled Dean with him, something, anything. Cas’s mind hadn’t stopped racing since Saturday night, Benny had turned him away on Sunday, not knowing anything past the fact that Cas was the one who delivered Dean to John. He didn’t know that it was because of Cas that happened to him.
Spiking his hair up with some gel, he said goodbye to Sam, and set off for Benny’s. Benny only lived a block away, so it was never too long of a walk. But nothing in this town was too long of a walk unless you lived out in the countryside, Jody and Garth both lived out in the boonies. Their parents working their land and their mothers selling at the farmers market every Saturday morning.
“Oh, I see, a ‘friend’” Sam waited for him to tell him anything about who he was with, but he didn’t. “Who is she?” Dean groaned.
“Chuck. He must’ve gotten here while we were out.” They were no longer stranded in the Empty, but now stranded on an empty Earth. They sat down at one of the tables and scarfed down two plates each. “I wonder how long we were out.” Dean watched Cas finish off his second plate and made a mental note to keep an eye on him. The last time he was human, he had a hard time, it’d be even harder now.
“What’s the matter blondie?” Fuck it, Dean threw a punch into Gordons stomach, earning him a fist to the nose, which promptly started bleeding. Gordon threw punch after punch at Dean’s chest and stomach, and Dean hit right back harder. The two were taking all their issues out on each other and Dean hooked his leg behind Gordons sending him toppling to the ground. Fists were flying and they were cursing each other out. Dean got a few more good hits in before the teachers showed up, seeing a few of Gordons friends pulling on Dean’s elbows and pulled the two apart.
“Sammy, I’ll fucking kill you!” In his moment of distraction and drunkenness, he had forgotten to check his shampoo. “God-dammit!”
Back on Earth, Sam and Jack were panicking. Sam had been trying to push the thought of Dean and Cas being piles of dust on the floor like everyone else in the world. He couldn’t think about Eileen or Jody and the girls. He shook his head and sped up. Already going ninety on the back roads towards Lawrence.
“Nope! Just borrowing her face for the moment.” The Empty. “I could also look like… your angel.” It wiped a hand over itself and there was Cas.
“Hey Pam,” Her head turned at Dean’s voice, away from her conversation with Donna. “Can I borrow her?” Donna shrugged and waved them away, fidgeting with her keychain before hopping in her truck to start it. His hand grazed Pam’s elbow and pulled her away.
“I’m sorry Dean, but I have to do this.” His voice was deep, and his fist struck hard against Dean’s face.
“I, uh, do you want to go out to the drive in this weekend?” They'd been practically dating for the longest time, they just never got around to being official. This was better for both of them.
“Oh, it was your Christmas present.” Cas stared straight through the windshield. “I brought it when I went to see you at Benny’s.” It had been about a month and Dean had moved back into his own house, and it seemed like John had left for good. “You can open it if you want,” He pulled off to the curb in front of Dean’s house and turned to face him.
“I’m sure she’ll be back, Dean too.” She watched Sam closely, “I’m not sure about the hunters from the old universe though. It might be too much for him to take on, rebuilding a universe from scratch and pulling them back, I’m not sure.”
“Oh, you’ll want to hear this one. If you find him, you can take him back to Earth. But his grace stays with me.”
Dean’s face flushed a deep pink and he stumbled over his words. “Oh, uh, thanks, yea I don’t know.” Inside the gym, the song changed songs and Dean remembered Pamela. “I should probably, go.” He waited for a response, maybe for Cas to ask why or ask him to stay, but he just stared into his cup and nodded. He watched Dean walk back into the music, seeing how the suit fit against his shoulders and his light hair spiked in all directions.
“Help me, help me!” Garth feigned desperation and pretended to grasp for a way out of the car window, earning him an elbow to the ribs. “Jesus.” He groaned.
“I wanted to make sure you’re okay.” He looked over Dean’s cuts and his eye and remembered hearing the hits land before he even turned the corner of the house.
“What?” His eyes searched Cas’s face for emotion, “Oh, no I’m okay.” But he didn’t look away. The ride was quiet the whole way to Dean’s house, a faded green one-story, driveway empty of his dad’s car. Cas didn’t ask about it.
They froze. They had forgotten to lock the door and they were sitting damn near on top of each other, limbs a tangled mess and reeking of booze. And there was John. Cas stumbled backwards off the bed and onto the floor, blinking furiously into the hallway light. Trying to make sense of it. He looked for the words, any words, and backed up against the window.
Dean’s hands were shaking violently, from cold or panic he couldn’t tell, as he tried to pull his clothes back on and lace his boots up just enough to walk without tripping over them. He tried to pull himself up, but it sent a sharp pain through his chest, catching his breath, which amplified the pain. He was gasping into the cold night air, and agonizingly pulled himself upright. He stumbled back towards Benny’s, praying that Sammy got to his room. He didn’t have a coat, or socks, just his t-shirt, jeans and boots. He couldn’t stop himself from throwing up into the neighbor’s yard, completely emptying his stomach until it hurt. ‘I deserve this’ he thought, and pulled out his cigarettes which, thankfully, hadn’t been lost to his bedroom floor in the struggle. Eventually he stumbled up the front walk of Benny’s.
Dean cleared his throat, “No, I… can’t.” Benny sighed. Making his way down the steps to the basement, Dean grabs the banister and chokes back vomit. He tosses his bag to the floor and sits on the old couch. Laying back he remembers the summer they thought they’d be artists and sketched over the wall down here. And he remembers the party, and Cas. He forces that thought out of his head and hears ‘useless, stupid, faggot, piece of shit, waste of space, poor excuse for a son’ and clenches his eyes shut. His right eye was still swollen, and the purple had deepened, the cut on his forehead still bled when he furrowed his brows, and he thought his side might explode if he took too deep a breath or laughed. John’s words were burned into his memory.
“Ah fucks sake. I didn’t realize you were such a bad boy.” Gabriel nudged Cas, almost pushing him into the isle, he gave up on a conversation with his little brother and turned around in his seat to talk to his friends behind them. Cas opened up his notebook, it was filled with sketches and writing. Some poems, and a good sketch of a bee that he was rather proud of. It wasn’t too long before they reached the school and the kids poured out and into the school, some hanging back to meet their friends who drove. Cas just walked in, he saw Hannah waiting for him at his locker.
“Of course not! I’m protecting Sammy, and I’m protecting me! You don’t know what it’s like to be taken from your house and dragged to a group home Benny! I do!” He shook his head. “I’m doing my best, and I swear to god if you call the police, or the hospital I will never forgive you.” Benny lowered his head and rubbed a hand over his face.
“Am I interrupting something?” Ms. Warren tapped on Cas’s desk, startling him from his daydream. Dean was looking at him now, hiding a smirk behind his hand.
“Dean, I’m going to church with Jess.” Sam poked his head in Deans room, whose face was only illuminated by the gap in the curtain of a window that was still open. “You’re gonna get sick.” He walked over and shut it loudly, making Dean groan and roll over. “Did you even hear me?” Dean mumbled a yes, and buried his head into his pillow, half of which was still filthy with blood from his fight.
“Hurry up! I need in!” Gabriel yelled from outside the bathroom door, just as Cas opened it. The bus outside honked once and all three boys piled out the front door. Cas and Gabriel made their way to the back, leaving Alfie at the front with the rest of the freshmen.
Dean tossed and turned, settling for staring at the ceiling. Rain pounding against his window, the words idiot, dumbass, bitch, piece of shit, echoing in his head. He didn’t mean for that to happen. He wasn’t even sure he meant to apologize, but he started walking and ended up on Cas’s back stoop. He rehearsed what he was planning on saying. ‘I just wanted to say I’m sorry. Alright see you at school!’ there was no way for that to come out smoothly he realized. Then there he was, his blue eyes trained on Dean, waiting for an apology. Against his better judgement, he had walked in the back door. Then next thing he knew he was watching Cas and aching to kiss him, his head was screaming GET OUT GET OUT. But he ignored his head and crashed into him again. Dean wasn’t a queer. That much he knew, he liked women. He liked Pamela. He pushed Castiel out of his mind, the thought of the other boy made him nauseous.
“Dean?” He shouts into the quiet house, “Anyone home?” Dean jumped out of the bathroom scaring Sam half to death, and busts out laughing. “Not funny.”
“Dean!” Pamela appeared from the kitchen, soda in hand. “I thought you’d never make it.” She brushed her fingers through Dean’s hair and kissed him on the mouth, his hand glided down to her waist.
Inside, Billie had the stereo set up with loud music, and kitchen stocked with food, small gathering my ass. Billie had her arms draped loosely around Benny’s neck, moving with the music. And of course, Ash never failed to disappoint, carrying in a few bottles of liquor. Not far behind him was Jody and Donna, each with a pair of six packs from Ash’s trunk.
“Oh, yea totally. Neither do I.” Benny chuckled and rolled his eyes. “You don’t think we’ve all seen you these past few weeks. You barely pay attention and are always looking somewhere else.” He leaned in and looked around. “I just gotta know, are you and Jody becoming a thing or do you have the hots for Anna?”
“So, this will work?” Amara discussed a transfer of power from Chuck to Jack, and how she’d teach him how to handle the power. It was their best shot. And when it was done, they could kill Chuck. Amara was their last play, last chance to bring back everyone, including Eileen.
Around eight, more people had started showing up. A few of the kids had decided to stay the night after all, and the motel owners turned a blind eye to the party because at least they were bringing in business. Most of them had already gotten swimsuits, abandoning jackets and winter clothes in a pile in the rooms. Dean just sat by the pool watching them goof off and hide their alcohol from view. He was pleasantly buzzed, lazily watching the girls and guys alike. Gabriel walked up, alone at first but then Dean saw Cas jog up from the car. Cas looked around quickly before making eye contact with him.
The next morning, Jack found Sam passed out in the library, a few too many beers scattered on the floor beside him. He went and started some coffee. Today could either be the turn they’d been waiting for, or the cherry on top of everything else that had been going horribly wrong lately. They had lost everything, and it was all up to Jack now. His stomach was all tied up with anxiety, but he couldn’t think about it. Sam and the whole world depended on it. He finished up the coffee and walked out to the library setting it in front of Sam and grabbing the empty bottles to throw away. When he got back Sam was nursing a hangover with his coffee and painkillers. Amara said she’d show up around two. Jack excused himself and walked back to the dungeon, letting his fingers rest on the door. This is where two of his dads had died. He had more than anyone’s fair share of fathers, with Cas, Dean, Sam, and even Lucifer he supposed. “I hope I can bring you back.”
Looking at his watch, the boy stood up, and began jogging back home. He pushed open the front door and made his way to the bathroom to shower, shoving Alfie out. Alfie let out a disgruntled murmur, with a mouth full of toothpaste and gave up. Cas pulled his shirt off, exposing his birth marks on his back, two dark spots on his shoulder blades. He kept thinking of Dean. He had noticed him before this year, but he seemed more trouble than he was worth, after all he turned out to be right. And more so, Cas thought Dean was only into women. Guess he missed that one. But now, he hated him. His stupid anger issues, mean face, and freckles, and green eyes, and even his freshly blonde hair. Cas pushed the image of Dean pinning him against the wall and breathing against his neck from his mind and ran his fingers through his short hair.
“...most of our class will be, and Benny said he’ll come, and then I had to pester Pam into coming for like a week. So, you’d better be there. Or Else!” Ms. Warren shot Jo a discouraging look, and Dean nodded along to her plans. At least Benny’d be there.
“Uh, hey,” In his pocket, his fingers reached instinctively for his ring. “sorry, didn’t know you were out here.”
“Eh, not sure.” He hesitated, “I’ll talk to Sammy, make sure he doesn’t have anything going on with his girlfriend.”
“Eh it’s alright, I wasn’t doing anything better.” Cas sets down a stack of plates on the counter without facing Gabriel. He’s itching to get outside to where Dean is waiting for him. “Uh, can I borrow the car?”
“What is it?” She perked an eyebrow up and her eyes ran over his face, landing at his fading bruise.
April finally came, bringing with it the rain and John Winchester. The three boys were watching a movie in the living room when he walked in, John stopping dead in his tracks at the sight of Dean’s arm slung across Cas’s shoulders. Dean met his eyes and stood tall.
“Hey what’s this?” Dean’s hand reached around on the floor, grabbing a small brown wrapped package that had slid out from under his seat.
Cas didn’t say anything for a long time, he just stood there, feeling Dean’s breath steady out and his heart stop pounding. “Please don’t ever go away on me again.” Cas said it so softly, that he wasn’t even sure he’d said it aloud. They waited a moment and Dean cleaned himself up before heading back out to the party. It was eleven fifty and the teens were gathering around the TV waiting for Dick Clark and the countdown. Dean pulled Cas through the crowd, ignoring Megan as she watched him leave, and outside onto the back porch. He pulled him in and looked up at the stars, they heard the countdown loud from inside.
The stars shone softly against Cas’s face, his sea blue eyes staring up at him. Dean cupped Cas’s jaw in his hands, gazing over every inch of his face. The kids in the living room had started counting down from ten. They didn’t know, but Donna had seen them exit to the back porch, smiling to herself and pulling Jody in closer. Dean glanced back towards the house and pulled Cas closer, as if he was afraid he’d slip off into the night if he didn’t hold him here. He slid his hands to their spot in the nape of Cas’s neck. They both leaned in until they were breathing in the same air, lips brushing gently together.
“Dean, please talk to me.” He pleaded quietly, “I’m sorry.” This was all his fault, if he hadn’t taken Dean home, he would’ve been fine.
“Dean?” Sam pushed his shoulder, noticing the fresh cuts on his face and knuckles. “Dean, he’s gone.”
Jo gasped, “Girlfriend! Thank god, it took him long enough! I figured we be in our sixties before he made a move!”
“Man, you’re all kinds of fucked up!” Benny started and then lowered his voice, “He beat the shit out of you and you’re still protecting him?”
He shrugged off his jacket and threw down his cigarette, stepping on it and pulling himself off the stoop. Dean slid his window up and let himself onto the floor gently, shutting it behind him. He didn’t even take his boots off and he fell asleep thinking about the blue-eyed boy without meaning to.
Dean and Benny climbed into his truck, snacks in hand. Deans faded blonde hair was spiked up at the front and he was wearing a long-sleeved shirt, covering up the bruises along his arms that still hadn’t faded. Benny popped in the Zeppelin Cassette tape and turned it up, watching Dean carefully out of the corner of his eye. He noticed Dean wasn’t doing so hot. He hadn’t been getting much sleep, or much to eat, and wasn’t talking a whole lot. Not that he’d be too far off himself if his dad beat him half to death. Before too long, they pull into Billie’s driveway.
“What makes you think my plans are finished?” To that Dean perks an eyebrow and his heart hammers like a drum. “Get your mind out of the gutter, not those kinds of plans.” As if he had read Deans mind. The back of his neck and his hears flushed with red. He turned on the classic rock channel on the radio and drummed along with his fingers. Dean watched the roads give way to the countryside and he tried to make sense of where the hell they were going before they stopped in front of an abandoned warehouse.
“I just wanted to come by and apologize.” Cas doesn’t think he’s ever heard Dean sound so small. He crossed his arms and waited, but Dean seemed dumbfounded by having to say more than that.
Dean looked frantically around the busy hallway, searching for a head of dark curly hair. He didn’t see Cas until lunch block, and Dean left Jody mid-sentence to corner Cas. Jody was pissed at his disregard for her time but threw up her hands and walked to sit with the rest of their friends.
“He’s not, he’s only three inches taller, and I’m still growing.” Cas flipped through his bookbag and found his notebook.
“No man, Me and Garth have bets going, I need to know!” He leaned back against the lockers outside of first block. “You and Jody were acting weird at lunch yesterday when we brought it up, but you keep looking back over towards Anna and Gabe’s group. Though I guess it could be Hannah…” He murmured that last bit under his breath, and he looked past Dean, eye brows shooting up.
“Winchester, I better see you put a stop to this behavior. And on school property, mind you!” She sighed. “You know we are going to have to call your father for this.”
“Well, not a whole lot to say, I guess. Gabe is great as usual, teasing and poking fun all through life. Alfie’s stressed for finals, and Raph and Zach are working their asses off. I wish they didn’t have to, but it keeps the lights on and food on the table. I’m trying to save up some cash to go to college and get a good job so they can relax, but there’s only so much I can do right now.” Dean watched his slender fingers twirl his crucifix and his lips move against his words, he could kiss him right here. “We don’t talk about Luce. He’s in prison, still got a few more years. He kinda went… off the rails.” His eyes darkened at the mention of him, so Dean didn’t press for more information.
Even though he was covered in sweat, his hands were bloody and numb from the cold. He collapsed into the leaves, letting his arms fall to his sides. The tracks, only a few feet away. The night’s events hitting Dean in waves. One second, he was moving to the music in Billie’s house, and the next thing he knew… his breath stopped in his throat and he felt the urge to throw up again. Which he did until he could only dry heave. If he hadn’t started drinking at six, he would have said he had no more alcohol in his system, but his head buzzed and pulsed, telling him otherwise.
“Throw it.” He smiled and picked one up for himself chucking it with all his might at the wall. The little glass pieces shimmering in the moonlight and tinkling against the shard-covered floor. “It’ll make you feel better, go ahead.” Dean threw his bottle and watched the glass explode into a million little pieces. The moon was shining right through the skylight, refracting beautifully all over the room, and dancing across Cas’s skin. It did make him feel a little better.
“Thanks,” Cas had peeled his shirt off, his back to Dean. He noticed a pair of matching birthmarks on his shoulder blades and sat on the bed. Glancing at the connecting door, it was only slightly cracked. “Did you mean that the other day?”
John had left on Tuesday, not leaving cash for food. The boys didn’t care, they had payed most of the bills for the month. They didn’t always know where John went, but he always came back. Like a roach.
Thursday morning, John pulled into the driveway, KFC in tow. The boys were watching the Macy’s Thanksgiving Day parade, but having heard the impala they shot up, ready to bolt to their rooms. John opened the door and dropped the food on the kitchen table. Glancing at Deans hair and furrowing his brows.
“Even though Dean’s a blonde,” Pam teased “It looks good.” and planted a kiss on his lips before pulling out towards downtown.
“Hey there Timberlake!” Pamela called, snickering behind her hand. Dean threw up his hands and started to walk away, “Aw he’s going Bye Bye Bye!” Which earned a roaring laugh from their group, as they were huddled around the lockers. The teasing let up after a few days, and the bleached hair didn’t look so bad on him. At least that’s what Pam said. Cas had seen him in English and smirked at Dean’s new hair color. This made Dean frown, he tried to ignore him but every time his eyes wandered, they landed on Cas. Convinced that he did it because he was drunk and thought it was Pamela, Dean shoved down any conscious thoughts of Cas’s body or the way it moved, or the way his eyes bored into him as if he was lying. It made his stomach lurch.
“Donna wait!” He called after her as she left. His heart was hammering in his chest, he bolted out the door, following her and catching up to her in the parking lot. “Donna I,” his voice cracked, “Donna that wasn’t what you think!”
“Yea! Uh yea but I don’t know if I can fix this!” She closed her eyes and cleared her head. “Benny go get the first aid kit, Garth get a cold rag, and Jo, get some painkillers because this is gonna hurt like a bitch.” Dean couldn’t even focus his vision, but he could feel Billie wiping at the blood on his face, careful to not hit his eye. He could feel his hands shaking fiercely but he couldn’t stop them no matter how hard he tried. Billie had his face cleaned up as best she could without touching his eye and turned back to the other three with a look that Dean wasn’t sure what it meant.
“She said she wouldn’t tell.” He didn’t tell him what she said about herself, Dean figured that was her business. “What’re you watching?” He flopped onto the bed next to Cas, head nearly in his lap, and sighed deeply. Cas ran his fingers through his blonde hair and Dean watched him, he looked good in Dean's shirt.
“Damn.” Dean managed to choke out. “I wonder who did that.” His stomach felt hot and he pushed certain images from his head.
“And a pack of smokes too.” He pointed at the shelves behind the register. The cashier didn’t even look up from his magazine, tossed the pack onto the counter and punched it in.
Finally, Dean headed home. Kicking a pebble along the pavement and thumbing the lighter in his pocket. Before he even got through his window, he heard the yelling. It was going to be a long night.
Thankfully, Benny’s parents had let him stay, even though it was Christmas. He was sure they thought he was good-for-nothing but if they did, they didn’t say so. So, he decorated cookies with them, and took the family photo for them, kindly refusing to be in it regardless of a timer. He figured his shiner wouldn’t look good on a Christmas card. Dean hated not seeing Sammy on Christmas but if he walked back in that house, he wasn’t sure he’d make it out alive. The Lafitte’s had gotten him a few gifts, to his dismay, but they had every year since the fifth grade. Before long, the grandparents would be joining them, so Dean excused himself to the basement.
“We’ll live for right now, a little walking never killed nobody.” He saw Sam’s nose pink from cold, “I’ll ask him.”
“I’m so psyched man, you brought your trunks, right?” Benny was drumming his hands on the steering wheel to the music.
“For tonight, I’m just planning on getting drunk and getting lucky.” Benny chuckled and clapped Dean on the shoulder on his way out of the kitchen. Donna brushing past him to meet Dean.
“I know.” Cas could hear his heart pounding in his chest, threatening to jump out. It was as if they both had the same idea and the pair crashed into each other, Dean’s free hand at Cas’s waist, the other setting the mug on the counter behind him before tangling itself in the nape of Cas’s neck. They breathed quickly, trying to stay quiet. Cas let his hands grasp at Dean’s shirt, pulling him closer like he did all those nights ago. Dean planted kisses along his jaw, and bit hungrily along Cas’s collarbone. Feeling the desperation and Dean’s heart pounding beneath his fingertips, Cas pulled back only inches from Dean. He was biting his lip, his eyes opened slowly at Cas’s hesitation, searching for a reason. And Cas bit his lip forcing a groan out of Dean’s throat that Cas smothered with his own mouth. The coffee sat forgotten behind them and the wind whistling through the yard. They both stopped abruptly, hearing car door slam shut from the front yard, announcing Gabriel’s return home.
“Let’s find you a bed, you look like shit.” Dean helped him up and realized he didn’t have his cell. “And a payphone. Maybe Sammy… maybe he’s okay.”
“No. We aren’t going to the hospital. I… I can’t afford it. I’m fine.” Dean grimaced when his hand grazed over his ribcage. “It’s just bruised.” The other four looked at each other, not knowing what to do. Dean knocked back a few painkillers and leaned back in the chair, hissing in pain at the pressure on his back. He furrowed his eyebrows and closed his eye against the light.
“Get out.” He had decided months ago that he wouldn’t let John keep doing this. They were the ones keeping up jobs and school, paying the bills and moving on. They weren’t going to let John keep coming back and fucking everything up.
About 30 minutes from Lawrence, it was like the Earth switched back on. Suddenly, cars that weren’t occupied were. And there was people walking on the streets as they passed through town, continuing like nothing had changed. Dean and Cas could only stare in awe of the people walking around before glancing at each other. They sped the whole way back, only now they had to stop at lights and watch out for other cars. Finally, they pulled up to the bunker, where the impala was parked, and Dean gave Cas a look before practically bolting in.
“Nah, I got stuff to do at the house.” Dean was internally making a list of shit to do. The rest of the school day was as long as it was boring.
As if he had seen a mirage, Dean saw that dirty trenchcoated figure on the ground. Chest steadily rising and falling with sleep. As he ran closer, he saw Cas’s muscles tensing and releasing and his mouth opening like he was trying to speak.
“So, I told him to shove it because it was none of his damn business! He’s not dating her!” Benny was telling a small group about his Thanksgiving. Noticing his distraction, Gabriel snuck up behind Cas shoving him into the water fully clothed. Benny had stopped his story to watch.
“Why do you care? We have barely had a full conversation. It’s not like we’re friends or anything.” His fingers fiddling with his ring.
Cas led the way inside, ducking around old machinery, his hand tight in Dean’s ‘so you don’t lose me’. They ended up in a big room full of glass bottles and the floor at the far end covered in shards.
“This is my friend, Dean.” Cas ran his hand behind his head and scratched his neck. “You should probably go to bed anyway, it’s getting late.” Alfie didn’t give any protest to that and shuffled to his bedroom. “Is that all you wanted to come here for?” Cas asked without turning to face Dean.
“I think she said somethin’ about most of the class saying they’d make it, though there ain’t no telling.” They chatted on about how it’s a miracle that Ellen hasn’t busted her yet before pulling up to the old bridge and into the grass where at least a dozen trucks and cars had been parked. A fire pit lit up ahead. The duo hopped out of the truck, Jo jogged up and threw her hands up to clap the guys on the shoulders and pull them off into the group and music.
That night Sam told them what had happened with their plan to make Jack god, and how relieved he was that they weren’t dead. “But what happened to Billie?” Cas had long since gone to bed, he was more exhausted, and he would be a while until he got used to being human.
“Heh, you gonna have Ash cover your ass for this one too?” Dean smirked, she still owed Ash more than he could imagine. “My dad’s back,” Jo quieted to this; eyebrows furrowed. “I’ll probably be able to get to the bridge though, just have to barricade Sam in his room.” He laughed and threw his bookbag over his shoulder, waving her away.
“I mean I didn’t, this isn’t a thing.” He leaned back against Benny’s truck, running his face over in his hands. “How do you know?” avoiding her eyes, he realized he was still in his swimming trunks, towel abandoned in his room.
“See you Monday?” She leaned in for a kiss, but Dean just looked out the window. Pamela planted a kiss on his shoulder and nodded, closing the truck door behind her. He watched her walk in and then pulled off into the night, heading to Benny’s to drop the truck off.
They didn’t talk much during the ride, just the sound of the tires on blacktop as they sped to Lawrence, about four hours in, Cas finally broke the silence.
Cas eyes worked over his face and the exposed skin of his chest where his t-shirt hung loose, “If I tell you, then it won’t be a surprise will it?” Dean smirked and let his eyes wander over Cas as they drove. His jaw strong and quick as he talked about his day, and something Gabriel had said before he left. Dean didn’t even hide the way he was looking at him until Cas looked back.
“No. Didn’t figure I’d need one.” Dean threw the towel around his shoulders before grabbing one for himself. Benny just watched for sign of conflict.
He pulled the door shut behind him and lit up a cigarette walking towards the drugstore. Grabbing a few more packs of cigarettes and throwing down some bills Dean left and made his way back to Benny’s.
Late Saturday night, Cas and Alfie had a movie on, but neither of them was really watching it. And Cas had some homework to do so he settled down at the kitchen table. He rested his head on his hand as he read, but it didn’t take him long to get bored and he started to fall asleep until he heard a tapping on the window. He looked up groggily for the source of the noise, thinking he had imagined it he started to put his stuff away. There it was again; this time he knew he wasn’t hearing stuff. He glanced in the living room, Alfie was just as bad off as he was, snoozing on the couch. So, he tiptoed to the back door, pulling the curtain aside. It was Dean. Castiel held back a groan, as to not wake up his brother in the other room. He unlatched the door and stood half out, shocked by the cold.
“He didn’t, I don’t think he knew.” They sat in silence for a while, oldies playing softly on the radio. “Do you want to get food?” Hoping it would relieve the tension that filled the car. Dean stared out the window lost in thought. “Dean?”
“Shit.” he suddenly remembered the Fall Formal was just around the corner and he hadn’t even mentioned it to Pamela, she wasn’t one for frill and getting all gussied up, but she could dance. Dean’s mind wandered to a million other things before landing on the blue-eyed boy, the way he talked so quickly about the bees. A pang of guilt ran through his gut as he remembered jumping back like he’d been burned. If his father saw them in that field, Dean would be a dead man.
“I thought I’d lost you man.” Cas froze, as if suddenly remembering what he’d said back at the bunker.
“We could rent some motel rooms!” Garth looked as though he had a stroke of genius, but it wasn’t a bad idea.
They stopped about 45 minutes out of town, in front of an old diner whose signs bragged ‘the best burgers in the Midwest’ They walked right in and were seated in a booth against the window. The owner paid them no mind as there was a rather rowdy group of men on the other side of the diner, giving the waitress hell.
On Monday, Dean waited until he saw his dad leave for work to go back to his house. He pushed the front door open and walked in, scaring the shit out of Sam, who was fixing breakfast for himself.
“You stupid son of a bitch, what did you do now?” Pam. She pushed Benny out of the way and pressed a cold rag against Deans face.
“Okay well, rest up tonight because you’re going to need it for tomorrow.” Sam clapped Jack on the shoulder and sent him to his room. “What’s your plan for after?”
“Hurry up Dean! I need in!” He snaps out of it and rinses off quickly throwing a towel around his waist and rushing to his room before Sam can stop him to ask about the marks on his chest and shoulders. He throws a t-shirt on and makes sure everything is covered before throwing on a flannel and his leather jacket. He sits on the front porch to wait for Sammy, knowing he wouldn’t have enough time to get a smoke in before he came out.
“Cas go!” Dean yelled at him, his eyes wide with fear. He was praying to anyone who would listen that John wouldn’t touch a hair on his head. Cas threw a worried look back at Dean before grabbing his shit and falling out the window. He looked wide eyed back at Dean in panic before bolting back to his car. Dean threw his arms up to protect himself right as John started in on him.
“I meant what I said back there, I’m only sorry I hadn’t said it sooner.” He swerved around a stray car in the road before continuing. “I meant to in purgatory, to be honest with you.”
Benny pulled up not long after, in his beat up chevy 84’, he hadn’t had it long but there were distinct dents in the front bumper, from a rogue deer he and Dean hit while goofing off one night. And from pulling too far forward at the drive in, hitting a pissed off Mrs. Rourkes minivan, and embarrassing the hell out of Billie. Dean opened the door with a creak and threw his cigarette to the street, and they skirted off.
“What do you mean ‘hey’?” Cas retreated to the kitchen, grabbing a jacket and then stepped out onto the porch. “What do you want?”
“Make sure you have him ready tomorrow.” And with that, she vanished. Sam slumped back into his chair and ran his hands through his hair. He grabbed his beer and took a long swig. ‘God, I hope this works.’
“Well, we were holed up in the dungeon, and Billie came a knocking. We had a sigil set up, but she came through. The Empty came for her and Cas, and I hitched a ride.” Dean ran his hand across the back of his neck sheepishly.
Dean clenched his hands but let them fall limp when Cas put his hand on Dean’s shoulder. “Don't.” Before John could regroup to unleash his anger on them, they closed the door in his face, and locked it. John stood there for another thirty minutes, yelling and pounding on the door before getting in his car and driving off for good. Dean listened to the rumble of the impala and pulled Cas in tighter on the couch where they sat. Cas looked up at him and was proud.
“Oh, is that so? Could’ve fooled me!” Cas threw his head back and ran his hand behind his neck. His jaw framed by the parking lot lights, Dean noticed this thought, and acted on it. He shoved Cas hard.
The Formal was this Thursday, why it was on a Thursday only the student council knew. But Dean had seen a picture of Pam’s dress and she had gotten him a pale blue tie to match. She wasn’t one to dress up but when she did, she was beautiful. They had all decided to eat at Ellsworth’s in town before, and head there in as few cars as possible. That afternoon, after school, Dean went home and tried to style his blonde hair and settled with spiking it up at the front. He couldn’t get his fucking tie to work though.
“As human as you.” It grinned and looked over at its nails. It knew Dean wouldn’t be able to resist the deal, Cas meant too much to him. All those years of friendship, of Dean watching him and knowing that angels didn’t love humans like that. But he had been wrong. He hesitated for a minute.
“Hiya Dean!” Her cheeks were pink from the alcohol. He noticed her northern accent usually was more noticeable when she drank. “How’re you doin’?” She reached for the vodka, pouring a few shots into her sprite.
“Go get him!” Donna pushed Dean into the living room, almost sloshing half of his drink out of his cup. He locked eyes with Cas and gave him a once over. God, he looked good. Dean grabbed a bottle for Cas and handed it to him, glancing at his neck and the marks that were fading all down to his collarbones. He had given up on trying to hide them but not on keeping Dean a secret from his friends. Dean remembered how soft hearted he was and threw an arm around Cas’s shoulders. They had a taped football game on the TV and Gabriel was chatting up Jo, to no avail. They chattered about their Christmas breaks and what they’d be doing with their families. Jo was already trying to make plans for New Years. The group went on like this for a few hours, before pulling out the board games and someone had mentioned strip-poker. None of them were really sure what the rules had been decided as.
Cas leaned in and kissed him, Dean could taste the beer on his lips and the bourbon on his own. He pulled him in closer and wrapped his hands around Cas’s middle, running his fingers along his spine. Cas pulled himself onto the bed, lips glued to his when the door slammed open. Light from the hallway spilling onto the floor.
“Dean Winchester, never would have expected to see you here.” A familiar voice called from the edge of Dean’s vision.
“I ain’t a queer!” Dean says, digging his nails into the flesh of his hands, backing up. Cas’s hands shoot up to cover his face, waiting for Dean to start swinging. But he didn’t. “Stay the hell away from me. Or you’ll be worse off than Gordon.”
“Hey little bro, have fun?” Gabriel takes note of the dishes in the sink. “Hey thanks, I could’ve done them though.”
“Oh, I don’t know. We aren’t really that close of friends.” He fidgeted with his ring below his desk.
“Sam, Dean still won’t pick up.” Jack’s eyes were watering as he dropped his phone into his lap. Sam was mumbling to himself and Jack felt his powers bubbling up inside him. They can’t be dead. Dean and Cas were his parents, Sam too. As a group, they were family. Jack stared out the window and watched the trees and fields speed past. They just had to get back to the bunker. Cas and Dean would be there, having a beer and laughing at one of Dean’s jokes. They had to be. Unless Billie had gotten to them. They both forced their minds to be empty, avoiding the million scenarios that would cause Dean to not pick up. Sam had almost expected the rest of the hunters from the other world to be gone, but then Donna happened. His fears were only confirmed when he drove through Lawrence. There was no one left.
“Dean! Hey man, my parents are gonna be out of town this weekend,” Benny started, “It was gonna be just me and Billie but if you wanna come and bring, your girl then you can come and I’ll see if Jo Garth and Donna want to come, make it a party.”
“No! Please don’t!” Dean almost shouted, “Please.” His eyes, well eye, was full of panic. “Don’t call anyone.” He didn’t let go of the sink because he was sure if he did, he’d start shaking again, and just wouldn’t stop. But Benny and Garth sat him back down gently at the kitchen table, as though they were afraid he’d shatter.
“And that’s why you’re not talking to anyone?” He watched Dean set himself down across form him. “It’s not hard to miss, Dean.” He never said his name like that. “I’m worried.”
They pulled up to a good spot in the center of the parking lot and tuned the radio station to the starting movie. They were playing Scream, since Halloween was creeping closer. Lots of couples cuddled up beneath blankets, munching popcorn and trying to ignore the dropouts revving their engines near the back. Dean had his arm hooked around Pam's shoulders and her head rested on his chest. He liked Pam, she is beautiful, and likes his music. She doesn’t even seem to mind when he picks fights he can't win.
“I did.” Dean was hoping they would get to the school before this so he could dodge him a little easier.
“Bullshit! You know if you don’t want to date, that’s fine. Honestly it is! But then you need to say that.”
“Cas, no! This already happened!” Cas’s fist struck his face once more. “It’s me, we’re in the empty!” Dean pleaded, holding his hands up to protect himself from the next hit, but it never came.
“You. What the hell is wrong with you?” John’s face was pulled into a scowl, and liquor fresh on his breath. “Can you not fuck up one damn thing! At a school fucking dance?!” At this point Dean zoned out, allowing his body to sit on autopilot, imagining anywhere else. Distantly, he could hear John shouting profanity at him and shoving him around, but he did nothing to defend himself. He thought of the creek, water splashing gently over stones and crawdads squirming to get under a rock. A breeze would blow, rustling his hair into his eyes. From far away he could hear a lawnmower and felt the summer sun smiling warmly on him in between the tree’s leaves. Dean could almost feel someone behind him reaching out to touch him when John’s hand ran across his face like a whip.
“Yea well, what do you say we get some food and head out of here. I’m sure Sam and Jack are worried sick.” They grabbed what little they’d had on them from reentering Earth and set out to a grocery store. Cas went in and grabbed some food for the road while Dean worked on hotwiring a car that’d get them back to Lawrence. He tried to not think about what they’d do if Sam never made it back to the bunker. They still had to deal with Chuck and that damn near made his head spin. Finally, the beater started up, right as Cas walked out with a bag of food and water.
“Fuck!” Dean kicked a locker door, denting it. “God dammit, I don’t know what the hell you want from me!” He shouted after her, knowing she couldn’t hear, and knowing exactly what she wanted. Pacing off, he turned and ran right into Gordon. Perfect, just what he needed right now. Dean shoved him away, trying to keep it together but Gordon pushed back.
“Hell yea, especially since the pool is heated.” Dean leaned his head back against the headrest, “Who all’s coming?”
“Hey, so what’s up man?” Benny met him in the kitchen, “Anything in particular you’re trying to do over break? Get with any chicks?” His breath smelled like bourbon, but he wasn’t drunk by any means. He grabbed a handful of chips and swallowed them whole.
Her face softened, “It’s okay.” They stood there for a few minutes before she continued, “I’m not going to keep you out here in the cold, I’ll see you later.” She pushed herself off the truck and walked back over to the pool. Dean let out a shaky breath and headed back to his room. Cas had put the flannel on over Dean’s T-shirt and was sitting cross legged on the bed, flipping through the channels.
“God, don’t you have anything smoother than that?” But she smiled anyway before heading off to class. He finally set off to first period, leaning back in his chair waiting for Jo to come. Even though she could be a pain in the ass, she was still one of his best friends, and she looked out for him. His train of thought was interrupted when Cas walked in and they saw each other. Cas quickly tore his eyes from Dean’s and hurried to sit down. It was still early and not many other students had come in, it was just them and a handful of girls at the front of class chittering excitedly about the Fall Formal. Dean watched Cas pull his notes out and set them aside before pulling out a notebook and scribbling something that Dean couldn’t see from where he sat. He noticed the way the other's shirt drooped down when he slouched over to write, exposing his collarbones and a thin golden crucifix. The second Dean realized what he was looking at, his eyes snapped back to his desk, and he worked on a groove with his nail.
“No, well not directly.” Dean was half naked and barefoot, but his face was still hot with panic. “You won’t tell anyone will you?”
“Thank fuck for alcohol.” Gabriel hollered from the living room and grabbed a beer, the energy of the party shot up. He always was perfect in a party. His jokes always landed too.
“Ah, your reputation precedes you. The older Winchester, bad boy with a heart of gold, killer of monsters, loved by angels, some more than others, and stubborn as a bull. You know, Cas talks in his sleep sometimes?” Dean flinched at his name. “He’ll call out for you. I keep all these things asleep in here but they’re not quite dreaming, closer to reliving their worst moments. Cassy here, is reliving the moments where he was brainwashed by Naomi. You know he was forced to kill thousands of Deans in heaven? He couldn’t do it the first two hundred times, but he’d cry less and less each time.”
All week Dean felt eyes on him, Castiel watching him, as though looking for something. Dean wasn’t entirely innocent though. Without even realizing it he watched the way Cas moved, how his crucifix hung against his chest, and how his dark hair curled against the back of his collar. Without even realizing, he had been thinking about him.
“You too Sammy.” John yelled a be home by ten from the kitchen and headed into the living room, eyeing Dean once Sam had shut the door behind him.
“Don’t do this Cas.” Not here, not now. Not like this. The Empty bubbled up behind him, and he looked back at his angel. “Cas?” Finally, the door gave, and Billie entered the dungeon, seeing them and the Empty nearing them.
“No.” Cas hesitated, “I just came to keep an eye on my little brother. But I see that you are.” This last bit came out accidentally.
“Go back to sleep.” He kisses Dean on the shoulder and slides out the window, shutting it gently behind him. Dean falls asleep before he can miss the warmth of Cas’s legs tangled with his and his arm slung across his waist.
Dean’s face lit up in curiosity, “Really?” Cas nodded with a small smile. He unwrapped it carefully, lit up by the streetlights. The necklace falling out of its box and pooling into his open hand, the thin gold chain attached to a small round symbol. “What does it mean?”
“Gabriel, when was the last time you saw me make plans with someone?” Cas rolled his eyes and walked up to their bus as it pulled up to the school.
Dean was suddenly very aware of his state of mind, he hadn’t thought this far ahead. “Uh...” He looked around helplessly, trying to find a reason to stay. Dean had no idea why he came here, but he looked at Cas and was at a loss for words.
“Huh?” He forced his eyelids open and saw Sam looking at Dean's face and hands. “I’m fine.” He didn’t wait for Sam to ask, “Where’s he at Sammy?”
Cas stopped in his place, trash bag in hand. Shocked, he pushed Dean into the yard, nearly sending him falling into the grass, he dropped the garbage bag and pulled the door shut behind him.
Dean hesitated, considering telling Benny what had been on his mind, but he couldn’t bring himself to. “No,” Then Billie pushed the door open, effectively ending the conversation. “I’ll catch you guys later?” to which Benny nodded and Dean headed back downstairs.
Dean woke back up about an hour later, in the back of Cas’s car. Gabriel had long since been dropped off. “Where are we?” Dean pushed himself up and leaned over the console.
“None of your business.” Dean turned away and scowled. They weren’t friends, and then he remembered last night. “Go away queer.”
“Fuck.” Was all Dean could say. He probably sat there for hours, the earth and leaves warming from his body heat. Hopefully, he wouldn’t remember in the morning, but he knew better than to be so hopeful. Climbing to his feet, Dean pushed himself up sending a sharp pain through his palms. There were eight semi-circle markings, breaking the skin alongside the concrete scrapes from Cas’s back porch. Had he been clenching his fists this whole time? Dean tottered the whole way home and thanked god when he saw his father’s car not in the driveway. He stumbled around back, and pushed his window open lazily before falling to his bedroom floor.
Amara showed up right on time, pulling her hand to hover over Jacks chest.  “He’s strong.” She let out a breath and started to summon Chuck.
“I am sorry, I hope you know.” Dean’s eyes trained on Cas, his eyes, his lips, his collarbones peeking beneath his shirt. Cas’s breath hitched in his throat, itching for closeness. He had to remind himself that he hated Dean, but seeing his green eyes roll hungrily over Cas, it proved difficult.
“So, what do you guys think about this weekend? Just us?” Billie started, “We could get some beer, maybe watch movies or play some games like we used to in middle school.”
“Goodbye Castiel.” Dean opened the door for him and saw the hurt in Cas’s face as he turned back on the porch steps. He had never called him Castiel. Mrs. Lafitte caught Dean before he went back into the basement.
“Alright, alright. But I just figured I’d let you know I’ll probably be coming in late.” Gabriel smirked and winked at Cas who groaned and elbowed him in the ribs.
“Yea. It’d be even better if the problem had solved itself when we were gone.” Cas looked at Dean and smiled softly, trying to lighten the situation. He hadn’t expected Dean to love him back, and after all maybe he didn’t. They were in the Empty after all, and Cas wasn’t 100 percent sure that he hadn’t dreamed it.
Dean passed the table of food and reached for the punch, pouring two cups. His feet took him out to the hallway where he saw Cas leaned up against the wall, fiddling around with his crucifix.
Dean froze when he walked in to see Sam, Jack and Amara around Chuck where he laid on the ground. Cas stepping out from behind him to see what was going on.
“What do you mean what now? You want me to pull over?” He laughed, “I don’t know Cas, it’s not like we’re in high school. We’ll just do what we do best, figure it out.”
“Fine, why?” Dean didn’t even look up. He was focusing on the tile floor that would lead him to his friends in the cafeteria.
“Are you okay?” Cas’s eyes were still closed, and he had pulled the covers up over his shoulders. Dean could smell the chlorine faintly on his skin, mixing with the smell of beer, which usually sent him  into fight or flight but not now.
“Castiel’s neck!” She giggled and looked back towards the living room. They were in the clear. “Oh, please tell me it was!”
“Do you want me to lock the door?” Cas said, his voice barely a whisper. Dean only nodded, staring still at the crack under the door, just waiting for John to barge in and catch them. They would be exposed if he did, both of them in just their boxers, clothes strewn across the floor and faces flushed with heat.
“He, uh, barged into my room. A buddy of mine was helping me out because I was drunk.” He ignored Sam’s reaction to that, “I, guess he got the wrong idea. Listen, don’t tell anyone about what he said… or did. Okay?”
“It’s a soul now, not much different. Like playdough to be remolded, and the leftovers… I’ll keep for myself. I could use the little extra push to get this place back in shape.” It placed a hand on each man and added, “And if either of you see Jack, tell him to stay the hell out of here.” And with that, they were sent plummeting back to Earth.
“Thank fuck it’s Friday.” Gabriel appeared behind him outside of school. “I’m going to the drive in tomorrow, Raph and Zach will be at work most of the weekend I suppose. You and Alfie gonna be okay?” Gabriel was only 10 months older than Cas, but he felt it would be selfish to not make sure it was cool for Cas to keep an eye on their little brother.
“Heya Dean,” Donna walks up, noticing where the conversation is going, “Can I borrow him for just a sec?” She doesn’t really wait for a nod from blonde giggly Megan. Donna grabs him by the forearm, making him grimace against the soreness, and pulls him into the back room.
The bell rang and Dean watched as Cas quickly shoved his books in his bookbag and hurried out into the hallway. Huh.
“I wasn’t.” From behind Benny, Dean could see those blue eyes, watching him. And he felt shame hot on his neck. Castiel was watching from next to a group of older guys, a few his brothers, and some underclassmen.
New Year’s Eve was coming up quick and Dean had gone back to see Sam a few times, and had been stopped twice because of the Impala parked out front. Billie had offered to have a New Year’s party at her place, her parents would be at some fancy party, and her little sister was spending the night at a friend’s.
“No, Dean, please don’t do this.” Cas bit down on his bottom lip, restraining from pulling into Dean like a wave to the shore. “Dean,”
“For...?” He must've missed a conversation in English, till it clicked. “Oh shit! That was today?” It was a party at Billie’s, only their friends would be there. Her parents had left town for the weekend, to go see her older sister at college. Pamela would be there too; they had talked about going to the Fall Formal, so Dean guessed that had finished the discussion. He knew she was pulling away, but he didn’t mind, because he felt he was too.
“Yea, I think so. I’ll have you, and Sam. I think I can do it.” Jack would be the only person able to possess the power of God because of his Nephilim grace.
As abruptly as it started, Dean pulled back, his head spinning. He took a few steps back and then threw up in the grass. Cas stood against the brick, wiped his hands on his jeans and reached out to Dean. Who was still busy throwing up the contents of his stomach. He set a hand softly on Dean’s back, with more gentleness than Dean had expected. He finished and stood up shakily, shrugging Cas’s hand off his back. In a sudden wave of clarity, he put as much distance as he could between them. His feet pounded against the pavement, and ignored Cas calling for him. He didn’t stop running till he got to the train tracks that ran perpendicular to Main Street.
“Well, I suppose I’ll need to train Jack up, get him in control and then send him to Heaven.” She took notice of the look on Sam’s face. “You guys will still be able to see him. If we’re lucky, it will return everyone where they belong.”
He couldn’t stop thinking about how much of the school thought he was a queer. If the people in this class thought so, they didn’t let on. Cas finally walked in, right as the bell rang, as if he knew and went out of his way to avoid Dean. Dean glanced his way all class, seeing the smaller kid ignore Dean. Though he scribbled furiously in his notebook. Dean tapped his foot nervously and twisted his ring. After class he went to head over to where Cas sat but Ms. Warren had other plans. He waved Jo ahead to not wait for him.
“What?” Dean asked, “You had a weird look on your face?” Cas shook his head and got in the passenger side, tossing the grocery bags into the back seat.
“Of course, I’m not as dumb as you think I am. I had some money saved up from mowing lawns in the summer.” He shrugged and shoved his hands in his pockets. “You should tell Benny to drive us soon. It’s too cold.”
“Dean?” Cas’s fist had loosened, but he kept his angel blade out, reaching his free hand out to pull Dean up. “What are you doing here? Why am I awake?” Dean stood up and pulled Cas into a hug, burying his face into his shoulder.
Cas said goodbye to Hannah and waved at Ezekiel as he passed him in the hall, he walked into first period and tossed his stuff on the floor next to his desk. All class he caught himself staring at Dean, he wouldn’t get caught because Dean was busy looking everywhere but him. He watched how Jo leaned in and spoke quietly to Dean, who hardly ever listened. His mind wandered to his hands pulling on Dean’s shirt, the smell of booze and smoke tangling with the smell of cut grass in his backyard.
“Billie had a family lunch or something, she’ll be here by six I think.” Dean shouted back, dropping his duffel bag on the bed at the far end of the room. Each room had two queens, bigger than any of them had at home. The height of luxury. It was nearing five thirty already and Garth decided he was going to go for a swim, followed quickly by Donna and Jo. Dean left his room and walked up the flight of steps, watching Garth and the girls disappear around the corner. He knocked on Benny’s door, not waiting for a response before pushing the door open. Their rooms were identical, but Benny had dropped his things on the floor by the nearest bed.
“You stupid son of a bitch! I will not have a FAGGOT living under this roof!” John’s hands swung furiously at Dean, pulling him out of bed and throwing him to the floor. Dean couldn’t do anything but keep his arms in front of his face. “You’re fucking USELESS! If you can’t even do this one thing right, then I guess I’ll have to beat it out of you!” And he did. Dean felt every kick land in his stomach, and he swore he heard a crack. John yelled about how worthless Dean was as a son, and how he wouldn’t raise him to be a ‘fucking fairy’. John finally yanked Dean’s arms away from his face and landed two hits, one in his eye and the other across his cheek. Dean’s eye started to swell almost immediately, and his stomach was threatening to expel all the alcohol he still had in his belly. He screamed about how disgusting Dean was. His head was still pounding from the liquor, and now from pain. He tried to imagine anywhere else, but his focus stayed right where he was, in the floor bleeding all over the carpet. He couldn’t even scream.
“Unless you don’t want me to.” Dean didn’t have to say anything, and Cas knew. He stared out the window. He knew what he was doing was wrong, and it was eating him from the inside out, but he couldn’t help it. He tried to stop but he saw Cas and… that was it. Especially after the night at the factory. Cas pulled off a few houses from Dean’s and shut the car off. He hopped out and walked to the other side of the car, pulling Dean out by the hand. He had already looped a hand around his waist when he realized that Dean could walk fine now, he seemed to have slept some of it off. Cas himself only had a beer or two hours ago he was more sober than Gabriel or Dean could’ve hoped to be. They stumbled past the front yard and opened the window, shushing each other the whole way. Dean fell into the room, followed by Cas, who had already pulled his coat off, dropping it on the floor. Dean pulled himself out of his outer layers and flopped into his bed, Cas’s shirt lay abandoned in the pile of clothes. Dean pulled him in close.
“Okay well when you figure it out you let me know because I am sick and tired of worrying about you and when we’re around other people you just turn cold.”
“Who’re you?” Alfie was pretty short, even for a freshman, and he looked even shorter next to Dean who was nearing 6 ft.
Sam and Jack regrouped after what Chuck had said, he’d make them live alone on this earth until they died, and that they weren’t going to get an easy way out.
Saturday morning went by quickly, partly because Dean didn't wake up till two pm, to Sam shaking him awake.
“Hey man, you alright?” Benny knew without asking what had happened to his eye, his old man was hardly better, never physical but man he threw a fit when he started dating Billie.
Dean walked along the gravel road, hands in his pockets. Not walking anywhere in particular, just to get out of the house. Sun falling quickly behind the tree line to his left. There was a flower field up ahead, of course they’d be starting to die off about now. He saw something dark in the field and strained his eyes to see what the hell it was. It was a person. Stopping, Dean let out a breath of air he didn't know he had been holding. Cas. He had a tan windbreaker on and sat criss cross in the flower field, his back to Dean. Dean hesitated, “Fuck.” It’d be like he was avoiding Cas if he turned around but maybe he had time before he was seen. His feet betrayed him and kept of walking forward, letting his boots crunch the gravel to announce himself. He could pretend that he didn’t see Castiel.
“You aren’t my father, and you aren’t Sammy’s. I had to be. I had to do everything around here, you were too drunk to keep your head on straight. I was the one teaching Sammy to ride a bike, I was the one fixing meals that you couldn’t be bothered to make. It was me.” He took a deep breath. “I never got to be a kid, I had to do everything.” He walked up to John, only a foot away now. “So, get. Out.” John raised his hands to strike him, and huffed his chest up to yell, but he never got the chance. Dean punched him hard in the jaw and shoved him out the way he came. Cas and Sam stood up, rushing to Dean’s side.
