until they take him back to their place. Okay, maybe they don’t
Consider it a thank-you gift for being so patient - I realized yesterday morning that I've only posted three chapters in two months (wtf??) so I sat down and wrote this chapter in basically one sitting.
of the wing.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.” Castiel feigns indifference, although inside he is basically vibrating as he feels Dean’s heart rate speed up.
During their first session together, back when Castiel had been apprehensive about seeking professional help, Pamela put on a REO Speedwagon album and they
Castiel feels the very human emotion of
Cas’ logic means nothing to Dean right now as his feelings, the ones he is constantly trying to repress, are screaming at him.
It was a full body shot taken from behind, cropped just barely above the collar of his shirt. The Boy never posted anything that showed him from the neck
“Fine, jerk.”
which turns out to be his thigh which he tries to pat reassuringly.
reaching over and tentatively wrapping his arms around her in a hug. Mary
As far as Castiel knew, angels didn’t kiss like this.
Message Sent: 11:12PM – Want to go see Dean Winchester in Sacramento tomorrow night?
nipples
images of the previous night and
Be good to everybody
his eyes and relax against the back of the couch. He grips Cas’ thighs with enough pressure to bruise and swallows down Cas’ cock again, sucking so hard
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah? What’s that?”
Wolf.
“And wipe up that spill. Don’t make me ask again.”
Or by Castiel, who he’d blasted off to God knows where and would be all sorts of pissed off when he showed up again.
burn of getting fucked before being fully prepped.
Ah, yes, Dean’s freckles. Castiel would like to spend days counting and re-counting them just to make sure he got it right.
always starts pranking the rest of the guys.”
Castiel could focus on were the movements Dean’s hands made.
together so play nice. Urial will be right outside the door in case things
kissed within an inch of his life. Dean’s mouth works down his jaw and neck, sucking light bruises that will be gone by the time he wakes up tomorrow but
“We can be.” Castiel doesn’t know what possessed him to say that.
“So, if you could, you’d go back up there and fight alongside them?” Castiel can clearly see the concern in Sam’s eyes saying
he shouldn’t complain.
“Is that why you called me?”
And maybe he already knew this on some subconscious level, because the two feathers that Cas had left in Dean’s hotel room after their first night together
fill their house with feathers.
Yes. That was my way of bragging.
sense it or notice in some way, because he grins and whispers “
Castiel huffs a laugh. “So my brother is an archangel, my sister is a hero, and I’ll be–”
Castiel cannot wait to break his boy down.
“Fuckin’-a Cas…”
After a minute at the low setting, Castiel increases the vibrations to the second setting, and Dean’s eyes flutter and he sighs again, the grinding of his
to. You were so excited to see Ca-”
“Where’s my gun?” Dean looks around and spots his Taurus on the nightstand. “I’m gonna shoot him.”
his favorite dildo, Castiel is severely outmatched. Dean is just
“Hello Dean. I knew I could find you.” Cas practically floats across the threshold and cradles Dean’s jaw in his hand, brushing his lips with his thumbs.
“Do you plan on moving anytime soon? I’ve probably missed at least three calls since you started fu
Without really realizing it, they’re jerking each other off under the cool stream of water. It’s slow and relaxing and
thing, like
going about his life.
“That sucks Dean. Really, but give it a few days, let things settle, play a show or two and if you still feel, you know, however you feel right now, try
All he gets from Dean in response is a lazy
Cas is still very lean, but he’s gotten a little taller and his hair has gotten longer and a little more wild. Dean has filled out in his shoulders quite a
“Jesus Cas. That was…”
They were actually early to the show this time, but Castiel still refused to stand at the front. It would be too awkward, and with enough persistence he
practically feel what it would be like, ghosting his fingertips over that line, maybe causing The Boy to shiver before tearing the fucking things right off
Dean jumps into action, practically tearing off his clothing and kicking his shoes across the room. Cotton and denim fly off in every direction, and
“Cas?” he gets up and shuffles across the carpet to the door in his boxers. When he opens the door, there is Cas, awkward and gorgeous as ever.
“Yeah, me… Me too
Cas’ face was stone, but Dean could see his eyes dilate as they often did when Dean used his full name.
breathless. The tip of Dean’s tongue flicks again, and
art that is Dean Winchester breathless, flushed pink, and dripping with
Bobby who isn’t really as gruff as he originally seemed.
Dean in wordlessly.
hundred people deep. Castiel followed Anna, who was so lovely and polite that she was able to navigate through the crowd, landing them a spot relatively
Castiel knocks on the door to Room 102, and when Dean opens the door he does in fact look angry, but he also looks a little, what? Fluffy? His hair is
When Cas is finished, he folds the paper with surprisingly steady hands and
Yes, this is a good prank.
with a very naked angel.
stands a wooden sign, the word ‘Reserved’ painted on it in the same script
point.
he thinks before he can stop himself. His hands grip the angel’s forearms tight, like he could stop Cas from flying off if he just held him there. A rustle
“What?” Dean wasn’t fully listening, but he was able to register that whatever Cas just said was probably bullshit.
and he’s blown away by a very sudden and very powerful wave of affection
stares at the jut of his hips and is certain he could spend an entire day
slam of Dean’s hips. Dean’s hand works over his cock and balls, twisting
opener under the counter without looking, a clear sign that he’s been back here many times.
“Are you kidding? I haven’t played Zelda in years. I can show you the rest of the house though and you can see if you like it. If you do, the room is
“Shit. Yes. I haven’t been able to go ten minutes without you crossing my mind since I saw you in Sacramento. It’s goddamn frustrating.”
How many siblings do you have?
painting Dean’s chest and in Cas’ hair and on his cheek and God knows where else.
He steps over Cas’ legs and turns, straddling him again so they’re facing
powerful fear of embarrassment, or maybe Cas really didn’t weigh that much,
“He’s fucking hung, Cas, you seriously never let him fuck you with this thing?” Jimmy breaths the words as he suckles down Dean’s hard length, lips
They stumble to the bed, kissing, grabbing, shoving. Cas pulls his shirt off with zero resistance before tossing it across the room and immediately going
what he always needed them to be.
Castiel groans in frustration at the feeling of his own arousal straining in his pants as he watches what he knows he shouldn’t be watching. He should walk
I hear her howlin’ down below
buttons on his shirt and decided to tear it off of the omega instead.
Cas is still sleeping, but he’s restless and squirming as Dean rolls the stiff bud of his left nipple gently between his teeth. The moment Cas wakes up is
“Nope. Just a random Thursday.” Cas smiles lifting himself and then sinking
“I thought I was staying the night at your house.” Cas asks, sounding confused.
Cas removes the ice from Dean’s knees and helps Dean roll over onto his stomach. Dean wiggles slightly when Cas adjusts his soft dick so it’s pointing down
Castiel pulls his grace away from Dean completely, and the hunter lets out a combined noise of relief and annoyance.
and
All those glances that we stole
Dean gave Castiel his first blowjob ever against the driver’s side door, and Castiel reciprocated in the passenger seat while Dean sat propped up against
lighter on his stomach and legs than they are on his torso and shoulders.
ass and he presses himself back to meet Cas’ thrusts before Cas grips him even tighter to still him. “I watched as Alistair cut and carved, and I knew what
killed him - but this is different. In those cases he felt this pressure building underneath his slacks and was able to do something about it immediately.
In lieu of a snarky response, Mary says ‘I have something for you’ and then
shrug.
minutes…” the man moans when Dean fucks the plug into him again.
from Cas’ outstretched palm.
Castiel definitely recognizes the song, and when Dean Winchester really does smile when he sings
“We’re at your house. The place looks like it’s been ransacked. Are you okay?”
Luckily Castiel has always had a hell of a poker face, so he doesn’t need to try too hard to hide his alarm.
eating and trying not to spit taco fillings all over as the tales continue through dinner.
laughing at the image of her drunk
“Hey,” Sammy walked out the kitchen and tossed a beer can at Dean, who caught it and cracked it open without waiting for the contents to settle. He didn’t
Cas lets out a heavy breath like he’s been holding it in for too long and Dean loves that reaction. Cas is so sensitive. He needs to be careful, but he
Mary and Cas both nod, and Donna smiles impossibly wider.
‘Fine! Dammit. I miss Sammy! Okay? And don’t you tell him that either.’
continue her relentless search for Chalá·at history along the Hoh River
again, a little harder this time, and more fluid runs down his thumbs and wrists. Cas’ cries out, but the sound muffled in the fabric of the nest.
Cheeseburgers first. Then rest. Tomorrow, I want pictures.
“I just want you to be careful Dean. I don’t want you getting hurt if he runs off again.”
arms. Dean is barely able to catch him, but the man latches on like a koala
God, these panties are
Message Received: 1:07PM – That sucks.
sees something resembling a grimace.
Man, Dean must be a sucker in love because seeing Castiel, his angel –
“How’s about you relax a little, and I just do a quick little dance for
discussing Dean’s upcoming exhibit and sipping coffee until three women and
It’s almost two-thirty before the final patrons leave their table, thanking
minutes ago, but then Dean grins, and it’s
Verse/Setting: AU – S4EP17 “It’s A Terrible Life”
Keeping the focus on Dean’s groin, Castiel takes a little more of his grace and slides up Dean’s stomach until he reaches his left nipple.
Heart Radio festival in Las Vegas”
“Yes Dean. Jesus…” Castiel reaches into his sweats and pulls out his cock, already hard and desperate for touch. Dean is reaching behind him and rubbing
No one seems to notice as Dean looks calmly out the windows while the miles roll by.
heat. “Have you been drinking tonight?” Castiel asks, looking down at Dean’s glass. Dean knows that Castiel won’t scene with him if he’s had any alcohol.
After a few hellishly drawn out moments at a stoplight, Dean speaks.
Be a joy to the joyful
“No, asshat, he’s an actual angel. Got wings and everything. So does his brother. So does his sister.”
They finally fall asleep naked at dawn and sleep until the sound of thunder wakes them in the mid morning. Dean plays guitar and Castiel distracts him with
That thought is enough to distract him from the fact that there are three butt plugs on the table where they plan on hosting Thanksgiving dinner.
One of Cas’ hands reaches down to him to run his fingers through his hair but then falls to his side. He really is exhausted.
dinner?” Castiel stretches and winces when his shoulders crack and pop.
confident, weird friends and his drunk-ass brother. Why shouldn’t he have a
, his
The alleyway leading to the door of his favorite club is dark and damp, which makes it seem much more ominous than it actually is. Castiel knows that there
Castiel sags.
It’s harsh and a little clumsy, but passionate and so
“Hush Dean,” he strokes Dean’s cheeks and wipes away tears and drool and sweat. Dean tries to hide his face in the crook of Castiel’s knee, but he can’t do
jeans. Gray t-shirt.
begins.
couldn’t believe it.
to-go.
the shelf in front of him while the other winds around behind him and tangles into the hair on the top of Dean’s head, grabbing and pulling and grinding
happy to do it for him.
But Cas felt right at home the moment they walked into this quirky old house. He loves this house, and that includes the three east-facing windows in their
It had been a long couple of months for Dean.
roll Dean to his side to take the pressure off his wrists, and another sob wracks his boy’s body as the clamps shift and hang to the side. The sub curls in
mind.
the edge of the bathtub and unfolds the cloth on his lap. Its edges have been poorly cut and are rough and frayed. There are the remnants of a cut tag
“The video I emailed you earlier today. You know, the one of us from last
together because it was their wedding night, and they were both properly
is forced out of him with a particularly harsh pound of Cas’ hips that rocks him to his core. He screams into the pillow, and his toes curl so hard they
Cas is squatting, still scrubbing the license plate and laughing. He looks up and blows a kiss at Dean. Dean promptly walks around and shoves Cas in the
Also in this fic, John Winchester isn’t such a bastard so don’t hate on him too much.
be making it to dinner tonight as he’s got to deal with this shit now.
this.
Then comes the longest cab ride of Dean’s life.
“I’ll keep going,” Dean promised, “but not here. I want to take you someplace special. You trust me?”
reduced to desperate sounds that are all drawn-out vowels and an occasional
Whatever Cas was going to say is lost as soon as Dean slides one finger in his ass in a single smooth movement. He stills, giving Cas a few seconds to get
Fuck. He’s not sure if he’s going to be able to do this...
but Cas doesn’t care. He only repeats, “Oh my God” before reaching out and
“You’re an odd one, you know that?”
seconds later the door opens and he’s greeted with Uriel’s not-quite-warm-or-welcoming smile.
Relationship: Love at First Sight
Sometimes when Cas wasn’t at the show, Dean would call him after a few drinks to tell him how much he missed him. It was pathetic on Dean’s part, but Cas
“Do you need something Dean?” he asks, and the familiar deep cadence of his voice tugs Dean out of his stupor.
press REC, and get down to it. Dean won’t have a clue.
was basically made for them when they were driving home from a New Year’s party in Wichita. Dean was driving them back to Lawrence, and they were giddy and
“Don’t worry sunshine,” she whispers in his ear, sounding sultry yet bored as she
Gabriel and Anna wave at him from the front of the venue by the stage, and his thoughts and annoyance at his wings is gratefully interrupted and he walks
and Castiel has to hold back a
car door open for him. It takes Dean an inordinate amount of time to get
counter.
floor of the building. Cas picks out the key to open his door and invites
Castiel’s eyes go a little squinty like they do when he smiles, and Dean gets kind of nervous as Cas leans forward and connects their mouths in a kiss,
‘It’s a wonder he’s single...’
rest half of his body weight on Dean to keep him still. He has to do this all on his own.
two of Dean’s preferred toys when he wants to be marked and sore and reminded for days afterwards what he’s done to deserve the pain.
too not-Dean, and they played the same seven songs every night. Even the way the band members interacted with each other was the same. Didn’t they get
“Don’t worry about Dean, Sam. I’ll take care of him. You go get some rest.”
He wanted
Verse/Setting: AU – Real World, Middle of Nowhere, USA
When a fallen angel sees him, Michael’s storied and stony-faced Magpie, they begin to panic, making the medics’ job that much more difficult. So he stands
stupid. He’d get it tonight.
“It’s the twenty-first century babe, times have changed.” Dean sticks out his bottom lip and pouts, “C’mon, I’ll treat you real nice. Even let you pick out
the couch until Charlie woke about an hour and a half later.
Dean: Executive, Dean Smith, top
“That’s it.” Castiel encourages, and Dean repeats the same harsh movement, flinching and hissing at how hard he has to slam himself down despite his aching
time, before he starts to clap a slow beat, clearly encouraging the crowd
“Because you just spent the past couple hours saying his name over and over…”
How did Castiel live for millennia without the overwhelming feelings of love toward this stubborn and gentle and patient man?
Jimmy’s left shoulder and just lets go. He lets the two men use him how they want and trusts that he’ll get his.
One night in late July, while Cas and Jimmy do the dishes and Amelia keeps
showing off just pieces of colorful tattoos down his shoulders and arms and
Minutes go by before Dean releases his grip. By then they’re both left fighting for breath.
kind of has his heart set on more. To send Dean a hint, he turns back around and sticks his ass out.
Cas hums at the praise.
don’t think I could do it, I mean, I love Amelia, but I think that would
very exposed. Everyone is shouting or waving their arms. A girl’s voice from the other side of the crowd screams “we love you Dean!”
please just oh
stamp, and finds an unoccupied parcel of wall space to lean against, pressing his wings into it and relaxing.
he aids Dean’s hips as they move him, grinding him against his lap.
One thing he has learned about Dean during their handful of playtimes together is that he can nearly get the sub off just by toying with his nipples.
those wings... right now he needs to take care of Cas but
Castiel will never forget the way Dean looks right now.
single-page menu propped between the napkin stand and the straw dispenser
curtain as an invitation.
his order pad from the pocket of his apron and starts to write some things
Four years of undergrad were spent in shared dorms with various roommates, and the two years it took Castiel to earn his Master’s Degree in Mathematical
completely still, save for the heavy rise and fall of his chest with each breath. Castiel takes a long look at Dean and tries to relax before tugging his shirt over his head
If demons laid siege to the bunker right now, Castiel would be useless.
Dean.
“Exactly. Letting go with just one or both hands will call off the scene immediately. You will not be reprimanded in any way for ending the scene. Do you
Without moving a muscle Cas uses his mojo to clean them off.
and whatnot, and he usually takes way more photos than necessary – but neither of them seem to mind.
“Dude, I can’t believe you were going to use your hair. That’s so gross.”
texting him periodically throughout the day. He’s at the show and he’s staying at their hotel.
“Yes Dean?”
Dean thinks before he’s pulled back to the moment by a swift kick to his thigh.
Castiel watches as Dean rolls the condom onto his swollen erection. He watches as Dean adds a little more lube to it while pumping it a few times, and
than he ever has
“No.” It’s a whisper that Dean probably didn’t expect him to hear, but Castiel hears it and grips Dean’s hair tightly in his fist, pulling his head back,
sound when Cas slams back into him again. “That all you are good for is to be an instrument in this
whatever it was he needed.
“We didn’t talk much after that.” Castiel feels himself heat up as his brother whistles softly through is teeth. “Then this morning I left before he woke
“You didn’t give me time to prepare anything nice. If I would have known you wanted to rush out of the house on such short notice…”
Cas feels like his heart and his stomach have switched places, and his legs wobble when he stands. He clears his throat and walks out into the hall.
Then he thought about how Cas had spent the whole day with a screaming baby, and he knew how loud that little monster could be. He also knew that instead
lazy figure-8s again, and Dean decides he’ll take what he can get even if
Dean pivots his hips, moving away slightly, then slowly sinks back onto Cas. There’s a sound – a deep growl of pleasure that comes from the angel –
“Are you serious?” Anxiety edges Dean’s voice, but Castiel nods and doesn’t give any more explanation. “What are you gonna do?”
flavors of salty come and sweat and something that is very
mind-numbing amount of forms and paperwork that the human race demands be thoroughly filled out and properly filed before moving in, angels are usually
A few folks whistle and shout.
“Charlie, I don’t
He also felt terribly human, and that was a terrifying thing to be in Heaven.
Dean laughs out that hearty, full-body laugh that Castiel will never be able to get enough of. “Damn straight.”
it bobs there in front of him he stares up at Cas.
‘That doesn’t matter.’ She waves it off. ‘He’d talk your ear off about it
Dean checks his phone again.
“Yes Dean?”
rolls; can see the flat plane of his stomach - the dip of his belly button;
They don’t speak and everything is quiet except for the soft
New lands for the living
“I, um. Yes. Hi. Hello Dean. It’s nice to meet you.” Somehow Cas is able to function enough under the green-eyed gaze to take Dean’s hand and shake it… and
They move toward each other silently, easily, the space between them shrinking until there is nothing. Cas tilts his head up just slightly to meet Dean’s
It’s also been a long while since he’s taken this much time getting off on his own. Living with roommates his whole life made him a pro at the
incision in the angel’s throat, and collect the grace in a vial while the angel took their final breaths.
cuisine.”
“How long?”
Because this is as good as its gonna get for them, so Dean allows himself to enjoy his own little version of heaven – Cas washing his hair and kissing his
setting up a camera. I want to watch this. I bet we look incredible.”
Maybe he won’t kill Gabe the next time he sees him.
Castiel looks around the empty tour bus and settles himself on a seat next to a window facing Dean and his fans.
He just takes in the dance, wide-eyed and captivated, until the song is
“’Ay!”
“You know I lost my virginity in this car.” He says, and Castiel raises an eyebrow. “Yeah.” Dean thumbs to the backseat and Cas glances back half expecting
This was the quote I saw on a website while doing "research" that made me decide to actually write this chapter.
“You take my grace and keep it yourself. I trust you with it.” She had whispered in his ear as they hugged before they parted ways.
fixer, but don’t let him steamroll you into this. He’s got blinders on and
Dean: Alpha, bookstore owner, top
“Bring him in. Whatever.”
on the inside
Cas is silent as he lines himself up with Dean’s hole, and he feels
He shivers and shifts the wing closer to Dean.
“These? As in plural? As in you went to the show in San Francisco too?” There is a glimmer of something in Dean’s eyes that Castiel can’t place.
Dean does as asked and Castiel kneels on the bed between his spread legs and prompts him to lift his ass. Without a prelude of any kind, Castiel licks a
Dean pretends like he’s got Cas on speakerphone. Like broadcasting a live song with hundreds of screaming fans directly into the ear of an angel fighting a
website Dean often frequents.
At some point before the sun comes up Cas runs to the bathroom across the hall and throws up. Dean hear him hurl, then flush, then the faucet running. A
“You realize I didn’t actually just say ‘no,’ right?” Castiel says after a moment of waiting for Dean to come back to him.
of letting her cry it out in her crib, Cas had held her and tried to comfort her the whole damn time. He’d probably fed her and changed her and burped her
“He’s getting better. He’s tired all the time, and hungry. I watched him eat a whole pie last night.”
into him and sliding over his prostate on the first go. Dean’s already so worked up that he thinks he might come just from that, but Cas’ movement is slow,
even through the frustrating
Finally he opens his eyes to look down at his wound.
reddish glow over the earth. What if his wings still had those hints of color in them? How would they look in this light? He takes a quick glance at them
guilty and miserable all the time. I see you as deeply flawed, narcissistic, disgusting creatures. Do you know why Castiel wanted to come down?”
Dean grips the handle of the blade and makes a move to get out of the bed and stab that angel dick right in the face, but in a quick
anyone who walks by with a nose and half a brain won’t be able to stop
Dean pulls out about halfway and
job.’ Then, after a moment and as innocent of a shrug as she can manage,
‘Of course. I figured. I’ll be right back with that. Thank you.’ He sets
“You prayed to me,” he whispers while he teeters on the verge of sleep, and so quietly that the sound of the crickets outside the open window almost
Because I’m a sucker for freckles.
“Yeah. Exactly.” Dean grins, and together they find a rhythm that works.
wings while grooming.”
at all hours of the day and night.”
opening. Dean Winchester’s smile widens as he decides to continue playing.
chest. It’s quiet except for the ocean waves outside the open door to the
Castiel nods, trying desperately to follow along with the story Dean is telling but getting distracted repeatedly by the way Dean’s lips move when he
“Yes, Dean, I’d hear it. You’re a very vocal lover, and even if you weren’t necessarily speaking aloud you were thinking very loudly at me.”
succession.
however briefly, that tomorrow he’ll have to wake up and save the world... again.
Dean’s name, and begs Dean to stop after he’s spent but Dean is still
His room looks exactly the same as it did when he left the last time.
Minor spoiler alert: Pretend that it's the final episode of season 11, Sammy didn't get shot, Mary hasn't made an appearance yet, and Cas and Dean have a few minutes alone in the bunker.
Yeah okay, so it’s a cliché from the show, but it’s also true. Before they had even read the script for that episode it was true, even if neither of them had realized
Message Sent: 10:33AM – I’ll take that as a no.
I haven’t done this in a long time.
“I just didn’t want this to hurt at all.” Cas says after drawing a few more lewd moans from Dean.
“Just because I have a date doesn’t mean you have to have one too.”
Beta'd by
fiberglass wall of the shower.
Dean nods, “Yeah, I like it. It looks cozy.”
my hobby. And watch your language.’
“That’s why I didn’t dance with you… why I skipped you at your table that
But instead, Dean reaches for him with shaking hands and grabs the collar of Castiel’s trench coat pulling the angel on top of him.
“Ew you guys.”
song, slowly walking closer to Cas, who has to stop himself from jumping up
given moment (when he’s not eating or sleeping – okay,
“Dude, I’m 18. It’s not even a big deal anymore.” Dean would say, and then he’d bat his eyelashes and call Castiel
he can keep going, but all of his muscles have apparently turned into
kids are fucking killing each other.”
“You can be mad at Castiel, he was a little shit for not telling you why he left. But, at least read that. He tries to explain, and I gotta say the weird
“What am I?” Dean asks, barely able to get the words out between Cas’ jarring stabs into him.
gone on a date? She really wasn’t sure…
ceiling.
For things that sing so sweet and sad
before.
The lights come up, and the roar of the crowd’s excitement is lost on Castiel, because there was Dean smirking into the microphone, looking content in
scribbles, scratches, and illegible cursive.
“Mating urges.”
Cas was everything. Cas was all of his missing pieces. He was the acceptance that he craved and the grounding that he needed. Cas knew
chest.
But then, he tucked his pen behind his ear, slid his order pad into the
“A date?” Castiel shifts and adjusts the pillow under his head as he looks at Dean. “An actual date?”
buzzed, and he’d been turned on a low simmer all goddamn day.
but he’s too pissed off this time to let it slide.
“That’s the spirit!” Miss Bradbury chimes in sarcastically, trying as always to keep the spirits high.
A low groan is the only warning Cas gets before he feels Dean’s balls tighten up in his hand and Dean comes. He feels it land on his cheek and across the
worth of music Anna
Cas pushes him up against it, forcing it to slam shut with their combined
There is something
got to return to Earth and escape the war and she didn’t. “There is still fighting up there. Without God to rule, there will always be a power struggle.
Unfortunately he’s seen them both within the last twelve hours as he’s had to pull an all-night shift in a final attempt to get a presentable report done
“Cute family, huh?” Dean is right behind him then, resting his chin on Castiel’s shoulder. Castiel had been too enthralled with the photo to hear him
plan in motion.
Castiel’s false sense of confidence slowly grows into something more
Dean pops open the lube and dribbles some more into his palm, warming it before he grips Cas tight enough to draw a gasp from him and then begins pumping
and Cas actually yelps into his mouth.
“Well what is it?” Dean’s interest is officially peaked, and when he tries
Dean grins, and the last thing Dean sees before his office door closes are those narrow hips swaying back and forth as Cas walks to his desk.
Nope.
Message Received: 11:13PM – YES PLEASE!!!!
“So you know how that would seem then?”
spot that immediately makes Cas’ back arch off the bed. Then Cas feels a
tugging on it all day.
King of Classic Rock, a Mr. Dante Wylde, followed by a woman known as
” She still has the phone against her ear.
it in there. It’s so beautiful. Dean is so beautiful and Castiel accidentally lets out a sob – a audible representation of just how badly he
“How’s he doing?” Dean asked, trying to play it cool, and thinking that he’d at least get a
Would he ask Cas on a real date? Would they get along in person? Would Cas be alright if Dean slammed him against the wall and rutted against him like a
“Six”
be right. Castiel glances down to his sister for some sort of resolution, but she looks as confused as he feels.
, did God push you or grab you? Did he shove you in…”
comes after all the kissing.
“Ha!” Dean looks up at Castiel from between his legs, “this is going to be fun.”
“Sounds like it. He was strong enough to shoot me a quick one, which means someone has been praying to him
He was smart – that was clear – and he got all of his assignments in on time. They were well done but rushed, and Castiel wondered what the kid would be
Dean is ready, hell, he’s far beyond ready, but Castiel wants to make this unforgettable. He wants Dean to remember how desperate he was to get fucked by
Jimmy
whines are dripping from his lips. Sweat is soaking through Dean’s shirt and Castiel can feel the tackiness of it.
smile. ‘Or why you’re single. That’s mind-boggling. If I were thirty years
“It’s kind of surreal, isn’t it?” Cas says while Dean changes his shirt.
up his fingers.
“Here, first thing,” Dean digs a key out of his pocket and hands it to Castiel. It’s tied onto an elastic band. “Key to the cuffs. We’ll tie that to your
Castiel maneuvers Dean’s slick fingers between his legs and presses Dean’s fingers against his hole, giving a clue as to what he wants.
Both Dean and Cas make it onto the junior varsity football team. They struggle with juggling an increased workload, football practice, and free time, but
>>Text Received<< He said yes.
Misha, without missing a beat, replied “we’ve been together since high school, who in the hell do you think helped her with the
dark. Cas squints as his eyes adjust. Their hostess confirms that they are
He’s biting his lip, still grinning, and the top three buttons of his shirt
Dean takes a deep breath, dots the fine bristles at the head of the brush with the oil, sets it gently at the base of Cas’ wings and begins to stroke,
“Is this what you think you deserve?” Cas snarls, his grip of Dean’s hair tightening. Dean tries to make a pleading sound to get him to lighten up but
see?” Dean pulls up his email inbox on the laptop and sure enough there’s
“Yes sir.”
Dean takes a long drink of his pop and denies eye contact.
but clumsy their first time?
They find Sam in the crowd before Dean, since he stands a head taller than
His palms are actually sweating.
The building begins to clear out and the trio joins the mass of people trying to funnel out of the double-doors at the back of the ballroom. A voice comes
‘Mom!?’ Dean’s eyes go wide when he sees her standing in the doorway of his
“I’ll take over in here. You guys can go do your thing.”
about his struggle of reconciling pie and military aircraft, and is instead
home every evening to study for finals, and he was staying up until the
thing seemed like a major roadblock, seeing how Dean himself didn’t have any feathers to build a nest with. Was he
these wings, intimately and absolutely. No one else will ever be able to say
expression, and this is it: a
seems more relaxed than she’s seen him in weeks. Mary almost doesn’t
them sated and smiling.
He pulls back and takes a breath, trying to think of what the fuck he’s supposed to do next.
of him
thought it was supposed to be doing something. The muscles in his stomach and legs quiver and shake. He tugs weakly at his restraints.
Cas surges up, his wings beating wildly as he flips them. Dean’s now looking up at Cas, his head near the foot of the bed, and the angels beautiful wings
“I- um, it’s a little complicated.” Dean makes a face that must tell Cas how unacceptable that vague answer is because Cas continues, “The closest thing I
Right now? I’m at work.
“I can’t. Angels don’t get leaves or phone calls home. Angels only stop fighting for three reasons: either the war ends, or they’re deemed no longer useful
Lawrence and the tow truck will take me, too. Maybe after I get it all
him. Slowly he gets to his feet and looks over at Castiel, probably feeling like he’s not allowed to stand. Castiel just nods and watches as Dean turns
tell him they’ll see him next week. When Sammy and Gabe come up with their
“Then I fuckin’ love Thursdays.”
this wasn’t a scene and that he could make love to this man without having to prove a point, but Dean needs this, and on some level so does he.
only a second, but it’s enough to see that little spark of… of
Dean doesn’t say anything, but when Sam looks back at Castiel, he can’t help but say, “Thank you, Sam.” Sam smiles and turns back around to face the front,
grateful.
Nerves and nausea hit him then, so he focused once more on Dean and his fuzzy hair all twisted from Castiel’s fingers and the pillows. He was on his
Even if he hadn’t been in love with the lead singer Castiel knew he would have been a fan of the band anyway.
This Chapter:
brushing and sucking between the words.
, and for the first time in his life that seems more important. “Dean, I can hear your thoughts.”
And Castiel keeps up that same slow fucking stroking of Dean’s cock, except now it is
it’d just been too damn long.
“Yes sir.” Dean pulls his arms behind his back and grips his left wrist with his right hand. Castiel watches the muscles in his shoulder shift under
I said p-please, Dean,
Dean’s key ring had three keys on it: one to the house they had been sharing for the past 14 months, one to the Impala, and one to this house. Castiel
his meticulously-maintained six-pack (completely covered in tacky dried
place but somehow seemingly perfect as well. He works the soap against the grease stains on Dean’s arms and fingers, gives up, and puts the soap back on
lightly scratching at the back of Dean’s neck and Dean’s arms draped over Cas’ shoulders, twisting feathers between his fingers and tracing the bone
“What’s the spell, Cas?”
Dean having zero intention of bringing someone
“Because he’s so pretty!” Anna swoons, which is out of character for her.
with me?”
much of anything seeing how his arms are still bound and his body is shaking and exhausted. “It’s alright Dean. Shhh, hush darling, it’s alright.” He helps
“You’re being serious?”
The man turns and Castiel, Anna and Gabriel hurry to follow.
Occasionally a group of religious nut-jobs would get on his case about his relationship with Castiel, calling them both all kinds of ignorant names or
Cas was just buzzed enough to think he could pull off a Robert Plant
“Fucking
“This feels…” Whatever Dean was going to say is interrupted with a moan instead. Castiel wraps his free arm around Dean’s waist and pulls them impossibly
out and brushes the final tear from Dean’s cheek.
They settle into each other, sinking back down to the blankets, and the next time Dean opens his eyes he’s on his back staring up at a deep blue sky full of stars
were kept in a warded satchel worn around his chest, and it was his responsibility to keep them protected until his garrison could make it back to base for
But as they sat there in the car looking up at the dark windows of the house, Dean realized that those windows should be bright. There should be
lattice-topped cherry pie, with the words ‘The Pie Hole’ written in
one bathroom was chaos even at the best of times.
“The chest?” Castiel tried. He remembered falling ass-first out of Heaven so maybe he was shoved in the chest?
“Yes, he’s fine.” Gabriel says, and Dean takes a deep breath and wipes his face, then scratches at his neck nervously.
Castiel. Cas-tee-el.
this is an acceptable thing to do. This time, he leans into it and moves closer to Jensen, and Jensen puts a hand on his thigh.
Message Sent: 1:06PM – I couldn’t do that either. Not allowed to cross any country borders.
Dean stands there, nervously thumbing the corners of the pages and grasping the paperback in one hand with his phone in the other, waiting
“Shut up. It’s manly.” He says, and he winks,
leather of the cuffs holding his wrists back squeaks a bit as his arms shift. A low groan escapes his perfect lips and he looks at Castiel, staring,
he’s interacted with nearly every person there. He’s been spanked and kissed and groped more times than he can count, and by the time he makes it
actually happened within the last thirty-seven years and thirty seven ain’t even close to
in Heaven.
knows he’s got him. The man thrusts up into Dean’s hand, and then fucks
often, she reaches across the table and takes his hand. Right now he needs
Dean taps his fingers on the desk, finally looking a little nervous.
“Why?”
back to work.
“It would if I still had my grace.”
twisted around the bars of the headboard.
Cas groans with that memory but he doesn’t want to come across as
have it on good authority that there’s at least one headstrong museum
eyes away from the door Cas just exited through. ‘So what, you just hang
Cas picks at the skin around his thumb nervously in his lap before looking
“Cas?” he croaks out.
later they were all able to disappear backstage.
opens up and swallows Dean down in one beautifully fluid motion until he can feel wiry hair brushing against the cheeks of his ass.
seen as surrounded with bright red flags and blinking lights.
they would all be tangled together. Even if they were just watching a movie they were most likely naked and twisted around each other on the couch.
Dean does his best to hide his disappointment.
that
‘Love you.’ Dean turns to leave, but it doesn’t escape Mary’s notice that
Because yeah, Dean was worried about him. Nothing seemed wrong with Cas – not yet – but if it all built up, if he didn’t fully digest what happened to him
The conversation went something like this:
stamped on his wrist in purple ink, he followed the rest of the queue through the narrow hallway lined with concert posters, all
“They started the war.” Castiel says, as casually as possible.
really be over. Cas, though, senses his conflict and steps back into his personal space, complete with pressing his hand into the faded scar he left on his
There’s suddenly direct pressure on his prostate and he grunts into the pillow as his hips jump off the bed.
“Mmmmhmm.”
watches him separate the key to this house and open the door, jimmying it a little and putting a heavy shove with his shoulder into it to get it to open.
“You, uh, turned that to, um- no, Dean. I’m sorry. I wasn’t paying attention.”
“Dean, you alright?” Sam asks.
bullshit, and that he should go back to his roots and original folk sound.
“No, I just thought… you said that it changes...”
against his.
melting over the top of it, and the three of them spend the morning
vibrations of Cas’ voice at every contact point; could smell the clean
The assignment he’s grading was to “Write a brief descriptive essay OR poem about a memorable experience. Over-pack it with detail. Make me
Oh well, at least he’d get some fresh air.
of boneless satisfaction.
him. ” Anna chimes in.
where it seemed like the instruments and vocals were at odds, like the electric guitar and cymbals were trying to drown out the dark rain-over-gravel voice
president with the hair) and leaves it on the bar with his half-drunk beer and gets up to leave, “and no, Sammy, no. I don’t think everything is alright.”
How is this even happening?
“I’m out back, Dean.”
He shouldn’t want this so desperately, and he definitely shouldn’t need this like he does, but Misha knows – has always known – and he’s never once judged
he even waiting for? He’s not sure.
Dean’s lower back. He can feel himself fading out, but he refuses to give
husband smacking Dean’s bare ass at a strip club while he was giving Cas an
fucked all day.
a wider one that he’ll have to work up to, and one that is wider than any other plug they’ve ever used and has a curve at the end. Dean would bet good
Watching Cas clean up at poker night on the bus was another.
He opens the envelope gently and sets it aside, then unfolds the thick cardstock that was inside. It’s a single page of slanted script in dark blue ink.
and muscular chest and stomach, all firm ridges and valleys and warm skin. Castiel can’t help but run his hands up and down the newly exposed flesh.
Castiel closes the tiny gap that remains between them and kisses Dean hard on the mouth. Dean kisses back, and Castiel allows it for a few moments before
Thank you all so much for reading! I seriously love your comments! Y'all are wonderful.
from getting on the man’s shirt. He’s not sure what to do with it then, so
Dean is so preoccupied with being humiliated and ashamed that he doesn’t notice that Castiel pulls him closer, holds him tighter, and slowly begins moving
“Oh!”
wondering what the odds are that Dean didn’t hear Jimmy’s last words.
then make their way back to Dean’s bed. Neither man bothers with clothes,
She immediately takes her cell phone out and snaps a picture, sending it to
It’s barely past nine o’clock when he looks up again and the windows that face into the lobby show the rest of the office has come alive and he hadn’t even
state. Dean’s cock is still trapped in his jeans, the pressure and pain of the zipper digging into it barely even registering past the pain he’s feeling in
Verse/Setting: SPN - Cursed
How’s he supposed to react when he’s shown something he doesn’t understand the full meaning of? And he
Watching those lips (
“I’m sorry, Cas,” he wants to believe everything that Cas is saying, but he knows that if the roles were reversed… if he were to find out that
Love Lost – The Temper Trap
out of different dimensional planes. But still, it was one thing to consider their strength in the abstract and an entirely different matter to feel the
though.”
was looking for… like he finally felt what it was he always thought being human would feel like.
This is officially Castiel’s favorite prank.
The look of complete and utter shock on Cas’ face is
very little to keep him repressed.
The constant banter between his brother and sister is calming, but when the lights go out Castiel’s anxiety spikes again.
Because
“Jesus Cas can I take him home with me?”
man climbs out of an equally gorgeous car.
“Nah. Just here.”
his work is better than some other things he could have lost himself in.’
using his mojo). He
“But,”
would produce a feather this big or this soft. This didn’t look like it came from a bird. It was
It’s the fucking galaxy, swirling blacks and blues, mottled in stars. It’s
He’s ready to throw away everything he holds dear in life for a chance to be with Dean.
hips down low, closing his eyes and running his hands through his hair.
as shit.
“I hope you didn’t have anywhere to be today.”
a beer first so he went to the kitchen and cracked one open before walking back to his room.
“Hey now! That’s not fair. You go away for three and a half years and what? You think that I was going to get younger? Can’t have a perfect ass and perky
Me: I already used that in J is for Jimmy…
You guys, I can’t believe it took me two months to get this posted. If you’re interested, the notes at the end will explain why it took me so long. I’m really, honestly, truly sorry it took so long.
“So I let you down?”
He feels Dean smile against his ass and bite softly before plunging his
“If you want I can reach out to my buddy at Stanford, see if he’s got any ideas on how to help?”
wounded and it made him feel better about his capabilities and responsibility in the war. He only wanted to do good. Why was it so hard to do good in
man tugs on his hair just enough for that euphoric feeling of pleasure-pain
tremor to run through them.
Castiel was unemployed and bored and looking for a distraction. Gabriel had to work, and Anna had made plans with her friends for that evening, but not
that their wedding ceremony would feel more like a vacation and they could
Last night Dean fell asleep completely surrounded by those wings. They were soft and warm and alive, separate from Cas but still completely and totally
And also because it’s about to get really
Cas had left.
nerve in Castiel’s body.
Dean never
out on top of Dean across the front bench seat of the car. Dean’s legs are
“The Stoplight Method – Red, Yellow, Green. It’s widely used in the BDSM community.”
“You’re beautiful like this.” Castiel says, keeping his voice low and quiet so as to not startle Dean after such a long period of silence. He stands and
his breath. “We should totally kiss right now.” Dean says it like it’s the best idea he’s ever had.
He’s thought about how he wants this to go, and he’s thought about being with Cas like this more than once
“Look at the camera babe,” Dean growls against his left asscheek before
“D and S are right next to each other on the keyboard…” Cas mutters into
Months later and Dean still kept every feather that Cas shed because the first translation in the Script that Balthazar had sent to Sammy for Dean stated:
other times he’d popped into Cas’ mind for no good reason over the past six
At that moment Castiel feels unbelievably self-conscious and a little confused so he covers his face with his hands. But, then Dean actually
Dean thinks, remembering Cas riding him, the sound of the mattress springs breaking, and Cas coming untouched all over Dean’s tummy.
“What’s going on?” Dean sounds frustrated like he’s been left out of a
The next dancer, Krystal
Castiel: Omega, writer, bottom
right now. Just don’t make me move too much.”
“No.” Gabriel is serious. “Dad is dead, or at least he better be because there’s no other excuse for his complete lack of interest in the fact that his
Luke, got his own room (albeit, a small room), Castiel had to share a room with Gabriel. Their father tried to make the best of the situation, buying them
jerks into Cas’ fist.
rethought what he was originally going to say, but he wasn’t going to dare to ask what it was. Instead, he focuses on keeping his wings stock still. After
Water blinds him so he has to shut his eyes, but it’s no hardship because he knows his way around Dean. He knows to apply a little less pressure at the tip
Once the vibrator is inserted and the base snug against Dean’s body, he helps the boy sit up and hears a soft groan.
A human’s body, when separated from the soul, shouldn’t live. It created a detached and miserable existence, but the soul of the Righteous Man seemed to
sells “cake pops” whatever the hell that is… and one is all gluten-free
over-thinking.’
picture and get a thousand notes in no time, but no one would be able to hear the hitch in his breath. No one else would see the quiver in his thighs as
“Wha-?”
when the smell of apples and cinnamon and buttery pastry hits him. He takes
real, though – as is the whine he makes when Cas starts moving it slowly against
to a funny cat video.
I’m closed on Mondays.’
The innocence with which Dean asks the question is ridiculous. It makes Castiel’s wings flutter.
About three hours later Dean receives another picture from Cas.
“You’ll be the muse behind the most important book of instruction since the1967 Chevrolet Impala Driver's Manual. You will have hymns sung about you and books that carry your name and teach
mumbles out an
him open while purposefully missing his prostate every fucking time.
Dean actually wraps an arm around him and tells him how proud he is.
… and epic sex, apparently, judging by the sounds he hears coming from
Pass. The dude was wearing a deep v-neck tee, and deep v-neck tees were on Dean’s list of no-nos along with Crocs, pinky rings, and men named Don.
Dean’s not sure how much longer he can take this. “And brave.” Cas finally
“Push yourself up onto your hands and knees.”
slightly wrong – demanding but kind. Dean might never understand what flipped that switch in his brain, but once he met Cas it wasn’t even a question; the
‘All good things I hope.’ He glances at his mother.
to get some pictures. Go outside, let me find my camera…”
“I-I’m sorry Dean.” The angel’s hips start to move against him and he’s glad that no one is around to see his face as he feels Cas’ dick brush up behind
“Cas, can you… can you let up a little on my dick, it feels like it’s going to explode if it can’t…”
“We’ve got two minutes.” Cas says, helping Dean stand and wiping his thumb against his lips. “And I don’t think you’re going to be able to put this back
That was the only way he could describe it.
I wasn't sure about Cockles
He didn’t believe to the point that he told Cas a lot of stuff that he probably wouldn’t have otherwise: confessions and admissions that he never would
“’S okay,” the angel mumbles against his lips. “’S what it’s for.”
Maybe he’ll allow himself feel it a little bit, too.
“Cas,” he offers a hand for a handshake and Castiel takes it, allowing it to linger. Dean doesn’t pull away.
himself and praying that Cas will just fucking kill him.
Dean shrugs and unbuttons the top button of his shirt. “Whatever. We’ll call it Casual Friday.” He stuffs the tie in the top drawer of the desk as Cas
yakking away about the upcoming presentation; “there’s a lot riding on this, Dean” and “this is important, Dean” and “I hope you’re as prepared as you say
“Oh yes, of course. Please come in.” Cas moves aside allowing Dean to pass over the threshold. He makes an attempt at not looking at Dean’s ass and
I never wanted to believe
“That’s what he said, yes, although he wasn’t aware of the implications at the time.”
oh sweet baby Jesus - how did Dean forget about
Dean is aware of how hard he pulls on those feathers when they fuck. He knows how rough he can get once Cas starts begging for him to touch them. It seems
Boris – Lo-Fang
Dean pulls down his underwear and steps out of them and toward the bed before throwing his leg over Cas’ thighs to straddling him.
February air is wet like it just finished raining. A big guy with a black sweatshirt opens the door to what Castiel assumes is Dean’s tour bus which is
“Damn, you’re right.” Dean chews his lip for a moment, contemplating
Gen gives her a hug too and signs a simple ‘hello,’ then all eyes are on
Cas thinks.
Poor Dean passed out shortly after they finished; only sounds being a moan when Castiel pulled out, and soft little whimpers as Castiel runs his fingertips
and crisp.
So what if he goes home and masturbates to the thought of wide green eyes looking up at him and soft, supple skin under his fingertips…
He’s going to be an uncle. Sammy’s going to be a dad. That’s pretty great.
more perfect cock in his life. Cas must see the way he’s looking at it.
feel so good right now.
“No fucking kidding…” Dean tries to sound irritated but it comes out sounding more relieved. They hadn’t done anything more than blow jobs and hand jobs
the rest of the day, but he looks at the clock.
Other: n/a
This Chapter:
There’s no response by the time Dean gets to his car, or by the time he parks at the garage. He’s just putting his coveralls on when he gets a text back.
When she arrives, Dean and Cas are sitting side-by-side at the counter,
There’s a beat of silence.
Samandriel was killed during a routine check of the fields. A soldier of Raphael’s used a wounded angel as bait and attacked them the moment they arrived.
The man before him is larger than life with his shoulders and his hair and a big white smile and dimples.
and Cas
experience that amount of pleasure all at once, and he came embarrassingly fast.
He needn’t have worried though because before he realizes what’s happening he’s being rolled over and pushed face-down into the mattress. Cas stays close,
hits the wall head-on, trying to cushion the landing with his shoulder. He leans against the wall, resting his throbbing head against it, curling in on
‘Mary that’s
Castiel rests his forehead against Dean’s chest. “Not just that.”
Castiel knew that his garrison was being hunted because of what was in his satchel. He knew that everyone be safer if he left them, that the enemy wanted
Cas cracks a smile because
“Comfortable? You good?” Dean asks, walking around to the side of the bed and standing over his angel.
then everything happens in a flash: paramedics swarm his living room with a gurney and red boxes full of tools Dean doesn’t understand. He can’t see Cas
door which reads
hand job makes it jump slightly.
with his own ability to lift Cas into various positions. Maybe it was that
The rest of his evening is spent in a back-and-forth between
clad in only a pair of green boxers with his laptop in hand as he gets on the bed and leans against the headboard.
Dean: Bottom, top
“You said you like to be stuffed full?” Cas’ voice has gone down into a completely different register. It’s so low he sounds like he could be the goddamn
Helpless, breathy sounds escape him, and in between the profanities he keeps asking where Castiel’s wings are.
caloric intake, but I also know that you won’t stop to eat for the rest of the day so just shove the calories in your mouth and say ‘thank you Cas.’”
He smiles to himself as he refills her mug, and at that moment Mary
“Where are we going?” Cas asks.
your pretty little cheeks in a few minutes.” He kisses the tip of Dean’s nose.
Castiel huffs out a laugh at Dean’s honesty.
the bookstore.
“Shit, I didn’t realize how big these things are.” Castiel already has that fuzzy feeling of alcohol in his limbs as Dean passes him yet another beer,
“What are you drinking?” Castiel asks, getting a whiff of something strong in Dean’s cup. He doesn’t answer, and instead turns and pours Castiel a drink
they’re walking the flat expanse of this dead field for a reason.
Castiel. He’s always wanted someone eager and strong. Castiel likes a challenge, and finding and pushing the limits of someone so willing was definitely
Sam goes back to eating and reading the gruesome details of the ‘unsolved murders’ in St. Louis. Dean sits back down in his chair, still a little on edge.
there’s meaning in this beyond his
Cas was already there, beer in hand, talking to Bobby. The moment he walked in, however, Cas looked at him and grinned.
High standards not withholding, he felt that, once again, he had accidentally fallen in love.
“First things first – roll call. Please say ‘here’ when your name is called.” He works his way through the list, adding a check mark next to all the
“C’mon babe,” Dean says, nipping at Cas’ thigh. “We’re just getting started.”
was saying that it seemed very wrong.’
There is nothing as beautiful as this meadow and the promise it holds.
Cas’ throat, the soft hollow behind his ear, everywhere he can reach. “You’re so good. Such a beautiful angel.”
jelly.
This Chapter:
‘Of course.’ Like that’s even a question. ‘And a black coffee, please.’
Dean used to go to the gym every day. Dean used to eat
And now, here he is, sleeping within arm’s reach.
look that she can’t quite read.
he trusts Cas. He trusts Cas
Dean’s flawless aim and the brutal stimulation against his prostate is making it difficult to concentrate, but he wants to do this, he
When it’s finished they find themselves in their own modest sanctuary of blankets, shielded by the waist-high grass and weeds.
Thank you to my beta
the man’s shoulders, and rolls his body. An appreciative groan from the man
Nor had he any business thinking about that guy from Vegas the hundreds of
this planet does for fun. I mean, have you ever even been to a strip club? Spent the night in jail? Slept outside naked? Even the porn you watch is
smoothie.
g-string, and he feels a heavy rush of energy head down south. It’s nothing
fly to Cas at a moment’s notice, but Cas always seemed pleased when he’d hear Dean’s voice on the line.
Castiel always tried to make the cuts as small and painless as possible, and he always said a short prayer to himself while collecting the grace. The vials
bags. No one is paying him any attention...
and laughing at what people actually wrote about themselves.
torture and the accusations because he deserved them. He was full of doubt and confusion and something else that he wouldn’t realize was
Dean, hard, so that he falls onto the bed on his back.
Dean pops open the button of his jeans, and that’s when Cas sees it:
The rest of that thought is cut off when Cas pulls out and drives back in again, hard and long and way before Dean is even close to ready for it. He cries
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean for that to happen.”
in himself to build up to anything. He just licks the head of Castiel’s soft member into his mouth, moaning at finally feeling the heat between his lips.
“What? What are you not telling me?”
of them.
wiggles his hips and rolls his body to the beat of the music, and while
“Please Mish. I can’t… I want… don’t make me say it again.”
it he’s sitting in the passenger seat of a tow truck that reads Singer’s
They were black. Solid black.
“Don’t you dare think that you’re not worthy of being loved.” Cas says firmly.
since they didn’t have much use for him here, but that dream was short-lived.
. And sometimes Misha finds that he just needs to touch Jensen, for whatever reason – in public or in front of fans or on set – and
Dean wishes he could bury himself in the soft feathers. He wishes he could ask Cas to wrap him in those beautiful wings like he did before. He wishes he
“Nuh-uh. I’m sick of driving and… and my stomach is still bothering me. I’m getting my own room… and you can just… sleep in the car for all I give a…” Dean
keeping him open wide and his whole body vulnerable. Dean looks at him as if he’s won some kind of prize, and Castiel feels himself relax into the pillows
the grand atrium at the center of the museum.
It was true,
Cas laughs. Dean likes it.
“That happens when your family starts it.” Cas shrugs and takes a drink of his beer. “It was the topic of many family dinners. Hello Dean.” Castiel’s
ridiculous his brother’s shorts are. “Wait,
I've learned my lesson well with no mistakes at all
“You okay there Dean?” Sammy asks, sounding almost-actually concerned.
Castiel did feel a little guilty about that. Anna had been listening to Dean Winchester for a lot longer than he had. She was a real fan. She was also
give him away. He takes a silent breath through his nose to collect himself before rounding the corner, but before he can work up the nerve to move he
“Why me?”
Prayer.
“Don’t be sorry, man. Ain’t your fault.” Dean says and takes a deep breath. This really isn’t Cas’ fault, so there’s no point in getting upset at the guy.
fault that their schedules happen to align so that he sits down to start working for the day as the man is getting out of the shower.
too. You can’t honestly believe that he’s just another ‘angel douchebag,’ not after everything we’ve been through.”
It wasn’t his best show, he knew it and felt bad because of it, but he did the best he could while being so wildly distracted. Seventeen songs and two encores
“To be perfectly honest, I sort of designed that one for you. It’s been on my mind all week.”
was always a very special love between them. Since the day Sam was born
Dean Winchester is definitely singing about angels.
And the guys weight is pressing him down into the bed just
“Stay calm, sir, and keep him awake. We’ve dispatched an ambulance, they will be there shortly. Stay on the line.” Dean keeps the phone to his ear but
to see and hear himself like that.
“Now why’d you really call, brother mine?” Gabriel asks, bringing Castiel back to the conversation at hand and the real, more pressing reason for his call.
He can feel Dean’s footsteps against the floor as he enters the bathroom and joins Cas in the small stall. Then he’s being pressed against the wall and
He’s a perfect target for surprise morning sex.
‘My son Dean is coming to visit me this weekend.’ Mary tells Cas this as
since he was a child and wanted him to spill the beans. John once told her
The past two weeks had been exceptionally brutal as Sammy had been staying
“I don’t think it can be considered peeping when it’s from across the street,” Castiel explains, coolly, “or when
“You think you got it in you for one more time on our wedding day?” Dean
Finally his medics have completed their work on the injured soldiers and they are ready to continue on, which is a relief because Castiel is worried where
“Hello Dean.” Castiel walks in and Dean shuts the door quietly behind him.
being on the road and sharing rooms with Sam and then being utterly exhausted when they do have a few minutes of alone time. Castiel wishes briefly that
Seems like a sweet, somewhat fitting song for morning sex between these two.
she’s ever seen. The Eiffel Tower sparkles bright behind them.
Message Received: 3:38AM – Fine whatever.
“That’s enough Dean.” He says, but Dean just moans and takes him deep once again. “I said
. Do you understand?” A noticeable shiver runs through the younger sub.
of his body.
go dark. A moment later Dean’s office door opens and Cas walks in like he’s on a mission. It clicks closed behind him and he locks it, then walks directly
“Please, sir.” Dean’s voice is quiet and uneven and dripping with lust. “Please…”
demise judging by the size of this fucking thing.
Now that he’s lying here in bed at too-fucking-early-o’clock with the light of a thousand suns shining directly in his eyes he feels vindicated.
shoulders and spread limply around his thighs, but he keeps his feet locked
He was just lost in the moment is all.
“Not really,” Castiel begins, “we’re elemental. I’m slowly learning how complex humans are. I understand why God liked you. I also understand why he
doing could be considered
“Yeah. For hours. I think he played Stairway to Heaven like, twelve times.”
admit that.
rumble behind him.
“F-five”
making the man squirm a little.
Castiel spread his wings and...
His silence must be answer enough for Dean, who laughs and grabs his beer before walking toward the door. He elbows Castiel in the shoulder as he walks by.
Dean snaps his eyes up to meet Cas’ so fast that the deep blue irises actually take him by surprise.
“Intimate?” Misha finishes the sentence for him, knowing how hard he struggles with being this naked, not physically, of course, but emotionally.
something? Of course he
like his dad, but just a tad more delicate which Mary loves about him but
“I had to tell you…” Sam starts to apologize.
Bull shit. That’s not true. He
He also knew Cas was probably pretty pissed - he just didn’t realize exactly
Grounds Coffee House and Small Eats is going to become Castiel’s Pie
the early evening.
The limo pulls up under an awning on the side of a building that’s lit in
And here I am holdin' on to you
uses air-quotes but Dean doesn’t notice, “but I can assure you, that won’t be necessary.”
‘That’s nice, but I’m not sure why he doesn’t come visit you more often.
“You’re awfully quiet. More quiet than normal, even. Is this about Dean or the fact that in 24 hours you’re going to be shipped home to be Michael’s
childhood development and general education and honestly, the thought of Cas working with children did things to Dean’s heart that it had no right doing (a
Mary holds up a hand to stop him; the poor thing.
“’I bet you do real good?’ What the fuck, Winchester?” Dean says aloud to himself. He’s never been eloquent but that may have been a new low.
So, forgive me if this is weird timing, but I get back to Lawrence tomorrow evening and I was wondering if you’d like to have dinner with me.
Dean denies the accusation, and Cas teases him a little, then gets up to
Life was good and easy for a while.
One person stayed behind, a tall, Ichabod Crane-looking guy who was giving Dean a big, kind smile.
Like he’s something precious
else?
“Yessir. We’ll behave, won’t we Josie baby? So, which brother were you talking about, hmm? The Big Bag of Dicks or the Bigger Bag of Dicks?”
“Glad you see it that way. I’ve never been too sure about you angels.” Bobby pulls two beers out of an ice bucket, cracks them open with a hidden bottle
” Cas thrusts into him hard a few more times before pulling out, tearing off the condom, and coming all over Dean’s ass.
him once again.
“Yes he is. Dean, did you hear that? You are amazing…” Cas’ voice is strained, but he sounds almost
Mary lets the pure joy bubble out of her in a nearly hysterical laugh, and
Mary continues with stories of her kitchen mishaps until Cas decides it’s
her.
the same rhythm as his hips work against Dean’s, and Dean’s got a hand
movement but he doesn’t want to stop. Eventually his body slows and stops and he is able to catch his breath and check his phone. His hands are shaking.
Eventually Castiel pushes himself up, as he had collapsed onto Dean. He’s able to release his hand from Dean’s arm and Dean hisses as he peels it away,
officiated
but he can feel it. It’s such a foreign thing, and maybe it’s just that, a
“Cas that feels- that feels good.”
He feels like he’s made of rubber; boneless and horny and empty.
“We should shower.” Dean says, finally, still not looking away from Cas.
He comes then, unable to give any warning to the angel, but Cas only sputters slightly and makes a few wet, graphic slurping sounds as he drinks down most
“Someone like you, for instance?” Castiel jabs. They’re just about to turn the corner when a familiar voice calls to them.
“Uhhhhhhhhh…”
And you've got the moon
seconds he realizes that the focus of his new voyeuristic hobby is
, you are the sunshine of my life.
Dean gets it though, because he’s feeling the same way.
He’s still naked, and he pulls up the sheet to cover himself, maybe cover his eyes too from this God-awful light, but then he catches a glimpse of Cas.
. He knows what Dean is doing, but he can’t
that you’re thinking too much. Would it make you feel better if I told you that if you ever do
a window across from his catches his eye. There is a man, clearly fresh from the shower with a dark gray towel wrapped tightly around his hips. He walks to his kitchen, grabs a mug from the counter, and walks back through the apartment.
closes his eyes and kisses up Dean’s chest to his sensitive collar bone.
That’s lovely. God, I love freckles.
But right now, Dean is still Dante Wylde, his stage name and persona for
Dean kisses his palm, and Cas grins and brushes his cheek softly as he
clear view of the stage, and he’s close enough to see the word
most likely won’t remember the next few minutes. He lets Dean burrow into him, hiding and desperate for closeness and contact, and Castiel reaches around
“Cas, these cuffs strip away your mojo. It’s different than if you bind me. I’m just a man so rope, cuffs, chains – doesn’t matter. If I’m tied, I’m tied.
“I-” he doesn’t want to tell them. They’re going to be just as angry as Cas was, only they probably won’t beat him up… at least not right now. “I went to
“I don’t believe that is an actual saying.”
Speaking of which, if you’re reading this and wondering where the hell Sammy is – he’s up in Sioux Falls with Jody (can’t help it, I sorta love them together. She’s tough and cute and I think Sam would totally be into that. Plus I get a kick out of the ex-blood junkie, helping Jody keep Claire and Alex on the straight-and-narrow). Anyway, he’s up there and happy and hunting small potatoes (like ghosts and shit) with Jody on the weekends. Dean knows he’s happy and safe and getting bossed around by his feisty sheriff girlfriend, and that’s why Dean is allowing himself to be so relaxed in this fic… just in case you were curious.
blushing. He doesn’t say anything; just picks up the menu and avoids eye
each movement the clamps swing slightly. He makes a pretty picture like this. Castiel cups a hand over each of Dean’s pecks, avoiding touching the clamps
And Dean thought
I just spent twenty minutes trying to find that picture on Google images because I’m not convinced how someone in real-life can be that beautiful. Is that
There are a few minutes of silence on Dean’s end, and Mary’s about to
is smitten stupid. You fools are going to be the death of me.”
He tried to fall asleep in the seat next to Bobby while he drove, but his mind was too busy. This was such a short trip anyway. Most of the guys were up
“It’s alright, Dean.” Cas touches his cheek softly and brushes his thumb over his lips. “Don’t look so nervous.”
“I brought something that might help.” He walks back to his bag and pulls out an almost-half-full bottle of Johnnie Walker Blue Label.
Dean.”
his nest with those.
Don’t call me
“Oh, uh, place called the Orange Peel. Asheville, North Carolina. Outside in the back by the bus…”
warm night, never having cooled off from the scorching day before, but
, that sounded
“Yes. I do.” Cas answers his thought aloud.
“Oh my gosh,” Anna’s wings flutter slightly, “you’re Dean
looks up, however, Dean is smiling. He wishes more than anything that there was time for Dean to get to know all of the bullshit Castiel goes through for
“What wings?”
that he can feel Dean’s breath on his lips. Mint – he’s just brushed his teeth.
Castiel almost laughs as Dean walks toward him stark naked, his engorged dick bouncing in front of him with each step. He has a condom in one hand and a
Cas covers Dean’s mouth with his hand.
“Can I…?” Cas asks after what seems like ages.
actually going to
travelled with the band, and he was happy when he didn’t and he’d get to go home after some time on the road and Cas would be there waiting and happy to
A noise sounding completely foreign to Castiel escapes his lungs when Dean’s slick, wet tongue licks the length of his cock.
any of his concerns – any of his
Castiel is sitting at his desk in front of the largest window in the living room, and waiting for his laptop to start and his tea to cool when movement in
girls start to notice them more.
always see the beauty radiating from Castiel at all angles and in all colors.
surface. He was shy but trying desperately not to be; an introvert, maybe because he grew up with such a boisterous family? Cas was hot as
life.
every car alarm within a two mile radius goes off.
make Cas squirm. “Fucking Christ, Dean…”
‘Damn, mom, your date is
dripping with sweat. Dean’s knees start to shake as he moves like a fucking madman – like the only thing he’ll ever be good for again is fucking these two
“Nope.”
By the time Castiel has received the text Dean has already opened the bottle of lube and smeared some on his fingers.
keeping him from sliding across skin. His slow movements match the music,
his excitement is contagious. Besides, he’s right. I’ve sold out of pie
tugging and wiggling and actual
Castiel was an angel, but being with Dean made him human. And after spending so much time as an angel – just watching and waiting, fighting and
“C-can I…
“Oh it’s pretty goddamn funny!”
but still sang along to all of Dean’s favorite classic rock songs; the angel who could basically read Dean’s mind and moods and knew how to act
When Cas opens the door, he gestures Mr. Adler in with a polite smile while he speaks quietly to whoever he is on the line with. Mr. Adler is already
to make Dean’s breath hitch as they separated. How could it possibly be over already? How could a kiss so short and sweet cause that stinging behind his
Dean isn’t sure if he’s more curious to find out which senator Charlie is most likely blackmailing, or why the fuck a lesbian was on Grindr.
And then,
answers. It’s Jimmy. “Hey Jimmy.”
“Gabriel…”
halls of the bunker, “Dammit Cas!”
And on Friday he’s in the cafeteria during lunch grabbing some milk for the faculty refrigerator when he sees Dean with an untouched red apple on his tray.
“Next time.” Castiel smiles and pulls his hand out of Dean’s jeans, resting it at the small of his back.
gripping is hips and rolling him on his stomach. They’re both facing the
casually over to Cas who doesn’t notice she's there until she’s tapping him on the
With lightly trembling hands, Cas takes a deep breath and looks down at the
of the glasses.
But as he got closer he saw that
them, but he knows he’s not going to get the chance to watch it flourish or flounder.
“Really? Are you sure?”
“His name’s Dean, Gabriel, don’t act like you don’t know who he is.”
around and hands him a dark green yoga mat because apparently he’s really
Seven people.
recover and Castiel’s services were not needed, but a tap on their throat meant Castiel was needed immediately. He would come with his blade, cut a small
doing something similar, or maybe taking a shower. It makes him smile.
lights went back down and the crowd’s sing-along shout and rumble roared back to life, Dean Winchester seemed to look in the direction of Castiel more
Okay.
“Great, so here’s what I’m going to do.” Dean sits on the side of the bed and scoots up next to Castiel’s hips. “I’m going to use my hands on you, and
if it isn’t exactly what Dean needs right now.
Jensen nods and Misha leans in close to Jensen’s ear and whispers, “Is it really more intimate than holding my hand while I fuck you?” He softens the word
“Hush. None of that now.” Castiel rolls the bud between his thumb and index finger as Dean stifles his moan by biting his lip. Castiel takes Dean’s right
Dean scrolls through the music before landing on something he’s always
“Excuse me?”
Dean picks him up.
This one is designed to keep Dean hyper-aware of his body and of Cas the whole time. He’s not allowed to waft in and out of awareness. Cas demands that
“What do you mean?” Cas resumes licking water from Dean’s skin as Dean reaches for the shampoo to lather up Cas’ hair. Dean
Dean is talking intensely with one of his teammates, but the moment his eyes land on Castiel – who is standing amidst of the chaos that is the student
As Castiel makes his way over, he takes in the appearance of his favorite sub. He’s gotten a haircut since they were last together, and he’s wearing jeans
He and Cas text off-and-on all evening.
“Yes sir.” Dean turns and immediately complies, sinking to the ground and into position with perfect posture. It’s interesting that the man slouches while
That was not the case.
hard.’
“Cas! Please!”
have their generic names and clear notes about seasonal fruit and
Dean’s orgasm rips out of his body and he spurts into the bedding, working himself through it in the slick mess he’s made. His body twitches with every
“You like that?” Dean’s voice is a bit darker than he intended, and Cas shudders.
“Pudding.” Dean almost chuckles saying it.
for Dean’s fly.
The promise he’d made was to protect Dean, and no matter how much he yearned to touch the beautiful man and remind him of what they shared, he couldn’t do
on the floor of the stage. The mass of people at the center of the room scream and holler, and Castiel can see the golden halo of Anna’s wings flutter
“The woman on the news seems to thinks it’s to ruin everyone’s summer plans.” Cas tosses down the tube of Green Umber paint he’d been working with. Greens
time.
And then it all stops and there’s a shift of weight on the bed.
Castiel glares over his shoulder as they exit out the back.
he is.
… and
what, eighteen?’
“God dammit.” Dean laments, but Cas just squeezes him tighter.
“Yeah, well I was filthy.” Dean responds and elbows Castiel.
In other words, Dean looks
He’s a little lost in thought, trying to reconcile the emotion with the man
wrist and you’ll keep the key in your hand, just in case the whole thing is, uh, you know, too much.”
“A few minutes ago while you were snoring.”
There are five weights on his right nipple and four on his left, and his knees are red and bruised but he remains planted on them, undulating his hips with
the bed and fiddles with his phone after handing Cas a cup of water and
He took a breath and rested his forehead on the table that was tacky with beer and god knows what else.
When they get up to Dean’s room he rummages through his closet for a shirt to wear that isn’t the long-sleeve button-up collared shirt he was forced into
thinks about that while jerking off in the shower.
shit!!” The jerk can hardly speak. “You sent a sex tape of
flex toward him. “Okay.” Cas says finally, and Dean only hesitates for a second before reaching out.
Will you let me?”
remembers, he always comes back to the same conclusion.
“Hmmpf. Cas? You up?” Dean shifted in his seat, sitting up and groaning when his back popped.
freckles so it’s taking longer than usual.
And when I opened my eyes
. I’m brave.” Dean says a little louder between strangled moans. “I am strong, Cas.”
Seriously, why did anyone still play with the guy? His poker face was chiseled from stone; there was no way anyone could beat him. But still, day after
Castiel’s reaction surprises him, as the angel reaches out and takes his hand, lacing their fingers together. He begins to run his thumb soft and slow
do the same thing inside of you that I just did to your clothes and skin? I can make you
It was cruel. He’d observe as the medics would try to save an angel and wait for the lead to signal to him: a tap over their heart meant an angel would
when you… you…” And yet again Cas interrupts himself with a sigh as Dean’s thumb brushes over his lips.
I love you Cas.” The words are hardly more than a whisper, but he can feel
‘Everything. The lemon crème tart is my favorite, though.’
That fact isn’t all that surprising given that Castiel is a successful author and has been writing for twenty-some-odd years and the whole point of finding
and Dean tosses his head back in a
And Dean kept singing to him.
orgasm rolling through his entire body before shooting out of his dick.
that shoots from his nose to his brain and then slowly creeps its way down to his
relentlessly into Dean, his moans and cries getting louder and even more desperate until finally…
So, if that was really the reason why this sweet young man’s parents never
When he slides one finger in again, it’s much easier and Castiel is able to take a deep breath. “That’s better, isn’t it?” Dean’s voice then is soft,
moans from the angel as well.
“Just wanted to warn you in case you weren’t
Castiel takes both of their erections tightly in both hands and together they moan at the feel of it. So hot from friction and pumped full of blood,
fruit. He decided that he liked having a fully stocked kitchen. Maybe between tours he’ll keep some more food in the house, make himself and Cas some nice
He continues to work the single digit around for at least a whole minute before Cas really begins to beg.
like travel or play football or learn to cook or become a dentist, but five years hadn’t been long enough to figure out what he wanted to make his life.
expression softens when he looks from Bobby to Dean.
smiles as they all walk back to the car together.
The following day, Castiel isn’t sure what to expect. It hadn’t exactly been awkward after their tryst last night, but he can’t pretend that he didn’t toss
, that angel strength still takes Dean by surprise sometimes. “Do you realize that I can
away.
Everything feels so good, but he wants more. It’s not fair.
It draws out a
Castiel is strong enough to get away, but he doesn’t want to.
syllabus. He makes sure that everyone has a copy of the required textbook.
hesitate to swallow Cas down to the root.
He remembers it clicking against his teeth when he sucked on the man’s
The fuck did that even mean?
But he does have his phone, so at least he can communicate.
He’s fairly certain that Dean has fallen asleep on top of him until he moans and kisses Castiel’s chest.
whips it between his legs and starts grinding on it. Balthazar
Whenever she walks into the café he is there; a calm, consistent presence
“Of course.” Dean’s voice is quiet but sure.
Castiel lets out a cry that is nearly a shout, and shakes his way through his own orgasm.
He wants so badly to give Cas something, or everything. Anything.
Who has been so long alone
experiencing the same propensities.
This Chapter:
Not only is he
He needs hot water – scalding hot water – to help erase the last half hour of his life. Steam fills the bathroom quickly since there’s no fan, and Dean
His orgasm is near boiling, curled in the pit of his stomach, waiting, and Castiel thinks he can ride out this wave just a little bit longer…
“You know what I mean.”
updates on old-fashioned favorites.
“Yes. Yes, that’s a good idea.” His face is so serious, but when Dean strokes the crease of his wing once again, feeling where the muscle of Cas’ shoulder
This Chapter:
as he follows Dean around the modest home, getting the full tour and being told over and over again to make himself comfortable. Dean insists that Castiel
too much to drink who seems to be cracking up about something,
Tonight is Tuesday so they’ve declared it Taco Night, and while ground beef is sizzling in a frying pan, Dean slices olives and sings his mantra to himself
Dean looks up, his eyes wide and in awe.
“Wow, Dean, you
Dean clenches his jaw. He knows that Cas is only trying to be helpful. It’s not his fault that Dean feels like yelling at him.
shakes his head and rolls his eyes, but he’s smiling.
“Wow, I had no idea it helped angels too. I always thought it was just for people who needed guidance. I didn’t know it was so involved. Or powerful.
“Seriously?”
“Are you ready to do this?”
They did a few radio interviews and a podcast interview with Sodajerker (Dean wasn’t even sure what that meant, but when Kevin found out about it he got
Oh, it is such a beautiful thing.
and Cas
of now he’s resigned to just nodding and humming in agreement when Dean asks him if something makes sense.
out.
him,
ethereal plain as him.
“What the-” he opens his eyes and realizes that Cas has wrapped them up in his wings. Suddenly he is being pulled down to Cas’ lips, hands cradling his
It’s the loud crash coming from downstairs that wakes Dean from his deep sleep, and it’s the very human-like groan that makes his blood run cold.
“The second part of the curse, loosely translated, is
Things must be getting really bad for the two of them to be called back, and Castiel knew that Michael had something to do with this.
his hips he forces Dean forward into his tight fist, and as he speeds up in the final push towards their release he growls into Dean’s ear “Next time I’m
stutter trying to get both brothers off at once, but they don’t seem to notice as they both continue moaning out praises.
Somehow you just got even more adorable.
doesn’t move.
Whatever. I bet if you just stand still long enough people will start to grope you.
Castiel smiles, thankful that his Alpha happens to be thoughtful
as the clip slips
on.” He holds up Dean’s tie, wrinkled and wet where it was shoved in Cas mouth.
that she truly does appreciate the effort.
“Nnnrrg,” he cannot talk while also sucking on Dean’s neck. “Usually don’t,” he gulps when Dean grabs handfuls of his bare ass.
over one of Dean’s nipples.
“Well I am still pissed!” Dean raises his voice but calms immediately. It’s an empty anger, unlike what he’d been feeling before. “Besides, how am I supposed
sweat and come – but all Cas can do is fuck into him three, four more times
to greet her.
a finger along his shoulder and down his arm.
middle of fighting a war, and looking for Dean’s dead mother probably wasn’t a top priority.
of the experience. The
This Chapter:
They hear her come in, because they both look back at her and smile.
keeps himself so busy so he doesn’t over-think things – and decides to use
last one.
pulsing in time with Dean’s fingers pressing inside of him.
you rather go to…” Bobby cuts himself off when he finally looks back up and
“I’m keeping that.” Dean says after a brief, comfortable stretch of
Not even fucking close.
provided Dean doesn’t royally fuck up his life or sell his soul or do something equally stupid, provided Dean gets into Heaven, he would be with Cas until
He can feel Cas push into him deep, and his hazy, over-sensitized mind can feel the angel go taut, wings beating and thrashing as he comes. When Dean feels
‘I do, too.’ Cas says, as he stands and heads toward the kitchen to get
staring right back at Castiel with a very similar expression on his face.
Dean holds Cas up between himself and the wall of the shower, kissing him hard and pushing back in so forcefully it curls Cas’ toes. Water pools between
“No jerking off in there, little bro.” Gabriel mumbled from under the blankets like he was a fucking mind reader.
through, vet him out a little. You know, make sure he really is a
“The first time I met an angel was such a big deal. I thought he looked so cool with his wings and everything. They were big, I mean, not as big as yours,
useful.
Strictly speaking, the handprint wasn’t necessary. Castiel had relieved the man of all the scars and blemishes of his past life. But he had fallen in love,
the way Cas’ voice softened when he spoke about the kids he taught and the
Cas tries to squirm up the bed and away from the overwhelming feeling,
the hair and pulling him up and off his throbbing member. Dean’s lips are parted and red, shining with spit as he catches his breath. “If you don’t start
But, the most comforting thing, and what gives him the greatest peace of mind, is watching Dean work on Baby in the bunker’s motor pool.
ever found himself in a relationship again, with someone who knows he spent
‘Well,’ Cas breaks first, ‘Then I’m sorry I don’t have any. But I could
. And it is necessary for survival?
Dean moans and groans as Cas works down his back, pressing and kneading at his sore muscles, squeezing his ass and rubbing down the back of his legs until
silence on the matter was anything to go by), but did Dean come into town
As they walk past the venue, they also pass a tall black bus with dark, tinted windows. A few guys are loading equipment from a hand trolley into the
(See the end of the chapter for
‘It’s nice to meet you, Mary. Can I get you a cup of coffee?’
kept him from blowing his own goddamn brains out.
mouth are enough to make that clear.
such a small task.
“’s alright?”
He hears himself screaming. That’s how he realizes that he can breathe again.
mean you’d have to actually, oh, I don’t know… leave the house?”
“Remember,” Cas is looking out to the class while he speaks, but Dean feels
‘hell yes,’ if that makes sense.’
For now, however, he forces every unpleasant thought out of his head. Dean’s attention feels so good that he can hardly think straight.
Looking toward the counter Mary only sees the door to the kitchen swinging
quick-n-clean jerk-off session. Castiel had forgotten how good it can actually feel to touch himself. The man across the street obviously hasn’t forgotten,
That’s not what happens.
“Fucking
Dean’s
“What about the fact that you slept with thirteen people while I was away?”
lean against the counter.
‘That’s not true…’ Cas responds. ‘You can buy those little pre-packaged
the main stage. No one could deny their chemistry when they danced
stand-up bass.
Castiel rolls his eyes and heads through the backdoor of the venue.
scarves for himself, and when the music shifts to something more upbeat, he
here. Dean was close. So many things were happening and all Castiel could do was fall asleep again.
Castiel’s wings flutter and expand slightly, almost causing the two men to fall back onto the bed, but Dean grabs two fistfuls of
it.
The air outside the café-turned-bakery smells of buttery pastry and
And I promise - this work will NOT be abandoned! Just a brief hiatus while I go play in the UK. Hopefully I'll come back with some new, crazy, kinky ideas for these boys...
Cas has one hand gripping Dean by the hair and he pulls Dean’s mouth towards his cock. Dean’s eyes inadvertently dart toward the Cas look-a-like only a few
(beta'd by kitten)
his calf, ending with a soft nibble and kiss to his ankle, Dean looks up at
About two minutes later an answer comes through.
I hope you’re not texting back because you’re working and not because I’m being so forward. I will stop if it makes you uncomfortable. You just keep
‘I’m afraid I don’t know too much about engineering.’ Cas signs with a
collapses, but Castiel’s grace holds him up. Dean’s hips make subtle little thrusts into the air, and he can see the erection forming beneath Dean’s
Can I ask why you liked my Tinder profile?
Jensen’s first threesome.
Dean is clearly confused, but Castiel is sure that Dean is actually
“Does,” His voice is softer and more uneven than he anticipated, so Castiel clears his throat and tries again. “Does Gabriel know…?”
all over his face because Dean looks back at him with a positively predatory look in his eye.
teasing him with something Castiel can never, ever have.
This was so much more than that.
one broken thumb, four fractures around your right eye and two around your left, two busted teeth, and more cuts and bruises than I care to count. No
Not awkward at all.
“Does anyone else have that Winchester boy? Talk about a shit-head.” Mr. MacLeod pinches the bridge of his nose. “He’s a nightmare. Caught him in my supply
He shoves his ass back and pushes Dean away. He hates that sudden empty feeling, but he’s determined.
childish that the tension and intensity sort of melt away.
consecutive orgasms forced out of him he’d probably be embarrassed, but as
“I’d like you to do something for me. I’d like you to have a fantasy.”
“I think once he catches up on basic human necessities like sleep and cheeseburgers he’ll be alright.” Dean bumps around the kitchen, pulling out a pan,
out two small, shiny feathers, ones that he’s sure Dean touched last night, and tucks them into the pages of the book before setting it with Dean’s jacket.
“How come, if not to talk about our project?”
This Chapter:
it almost made Castiel believe it. He was almost convinced that maybe it could all be true.
But right now all he can think about is how hot the dick hiding in those oversized slacks is going to feel in his mouth.
he drives or eats at the table, but in this room with Castiel giving him orders he executes the perfect position every time.
of resolve would have snapped like an old thread.
he doesn’t say anything.
“Jesus, Cas!” Dean laughs and downs the rest of his own drink, hardly making a face but letting out a
Dean’s scream can probably be heard throughout the entire club as he comes; eyes rolling back in his head, body twitching, back arching and tummy clenching
chocolate-brown skin, dark eyes, and tattoos twisting up his torso and
‘Don't ask.’ She says and rolls her eyes.
see-through white thong.
commercial and that seems to snap everyone back to reality.
. He’s here, he’s
his eyes dart from Dean to either end of the small room and back. “I mean,
For a moment Dean thinks about just reaching down, giving Cas a few more tugs and letting him spill onto his own chest, rewarding him quickly for giving
He can’t take the boy like this. Not here on this hard desk. No. Dean deserves to be spread out on soft satin sheets and opened up on Castiel’s tongue
Cas’ brother, Jimmy.
under Cas so he can push up into him ever-so-slightly.
your last dance, after all.” When Dean glances back at him, he’s staring at
Then Dean feels Cas kiss his left asscheek and tap a few more times on the base of the plug before tugging on it.
How is Cas even able to think straight and form complete sentences with that rock solid dick about to go off between them?
. Thanks kitten.)
fingers and soaking into his shirt; each spurt of it accompanied by a soft grunt from Dean.
Half an hour later Dean is stretched around the largest plug, completely covered in sweat, and he’s sure he’s used every curse word in the English
keeps talking to Cas instead.
and flings it across the room with a flourish. He bends
Washington, texting Dean Winchester like it’s another regular day.
hopefully enjoying it just a little more. Eventually he adds more lube and slides in another finger. His back arches a little as he tries to reach that
and sets them on top, and then tucks his boots away in the closet.
However, most angels don’t have wings like Castiel. They make him different, to say the least.
mark, the feeling of which pushes Castiel over the edge, screaming into his third orgasm, finally with a knot inside of him to constrict around as he
reservations at a hoity-toity French restaurant in Kansas City, but they
Castiel. Not, uh, not your vessel.”
So Cas would fuck him – they’ve done that before so nothing weird there.
The next chapter is going to be alllll sexy times, and I can't wait. But for now, please enjoy these two babes gettin' freaky in the Impala.
They follow the man through a heavy red curtain next to the stage and down a short hallway, into a room with large mismatched couches, mirrors on every
control of what’s happening, which a lot of people seem to get off on. But
“Seven people, Cas. The only survivors were us and that demon witch. Hell, we probably would have saved more people if we wouldn’t have gotten involved at
his hips jump off the bed.
“Mmm, you feel perfect…” Cas breathes out the words before rolling his
dick. How much time has his boyfriend spent looking up BDSM on the internet? What was he looking at? And, more importantly, what compromising situations
There are few things that give Castiel a genuine sense of comfort now that he has fallen.
doesn’t give a damn about what is going on outside these walls. The hunter and his angel made it to the finish line, and Dean feels like celebrating.
ended up just talking awkwardly for about five minutes before the guy went
“Castiel, can I…” he struggles to speak through the jarring thrusts and his Alpha cannot be pleased with being interrupted, but Dean fights for it. “Can I
like Dean’s spent time thinking about how good angel spunk might taste or the sounds Cas might make as he comes down Dean’s throat.
crazy about you, in case you haven’t noticed.”
No more than twenty minutes later the door opens and Castiel hears Dean tell the security guard, “nobody, you hear?” to which the security guard replies
Also, if it's unclear, all three of our boys go to Stanford: Dean and Cas are in grad school working towards their Master's (Cas in Art History, Dean in Mechanical Engineering because he's a brilliant nerd), and Sammy is in his second year of undergrad.
ass. He’s rubbing over the swollen, puckered hole gingerly, soothing the sensitive area while still stroking Dean through his orgasm. There is come
good. But it’s futile
and golds are caked into the skin on his fingers, and forgetting for a moment that he’s not wearing his smock he wipes them on his body, only to smudge
Verse/Setting: AU – University, New York City
come out of
Misha takes a deep breath then rounds the counter to kiss Vicki on the cheek.
all these things I wanted to say to you, and I thought that I’d incorporate
basic. You’ll get it real quick.”
“What could possibly be so funny right now?” he asks, concerned for a moment until Dean starts sucking a new bruise into the sensitive skin of his throat.
Cas waits, uncaring that he hasn’t eaten dinner or gotten up to pee in almost two hours. He just sits in his computer chair, waiting for something. What is
is generally a top, unless Misha is feeling bossy, then they’ll switch. But, for the most part,
. Dean knows exactly how
Pamela had them sitting on the shag carpet in the living room, barefoot, and she had chanted a short incantation while lighting candles around them. This
breaks the awkward silence.
“Can we not talk about this right now?”
“I found that skin-on-skin contact was the best defense for now. When we were clothed you were restless and kept making horrible sounds, but when I touched
and straddle him. Cas remembers that first lap dance
yet still a little nervous. It could possibly be the fact that there are
Their first real date comes the following Friday when Cas makes
Cas squirms and tries to get free but Dean is just so
Now, when Cas wraps his fingers around them, their combined saliva, mixed with the precome that has leaked from the two of them, they have a warm, slippery
“Yes dear.” Dean feigns exasperation, but he really loves how Cas takes care of him.
“You must be Cas!” he says, shifting the six pack of beer to his left hand so he can reach out and shake Castiel’s hand with his right. “I’m Sam.”
“Thank you, Captain Obvious.”
bites his lip. Castiel sees goose bumps mottle the lightly freckled skin along his torso and tummy.
But then Dean’s hands are unbuttoning his pants and sliding them down and that is a wonderful distraction.
background, Dean would just know that, while he’s off playing the guitar for strangers, the two people he cares about most are hanging out without him.
Cas is on his way over with a surprise.
Castiel could tell that Dean was confused because there was no chance he’d just be sitting there on the floor getting his prostate pummeled with a vibrator
“Yes you are. What else? What are you?” Castiel laces his fingers with Dean’s and angles himself to go impossibly deeper. Maybe he even uses his grace
He’s especially beautiful when he talks with Castiel.
take this whole soft and slow…
at least some say in who I fell in love with. But then I saw
When Dean returns to the table a few minutes later he is disheveled and
other.
along Dean’s cheekbones.
He can’t wait to hear how Cas is going to sound after this – that deep gravelly voice getting even deeper – and Dean fucks a little faster and harder,
fuck, and hadn’t meant to film them
’s until he feels that beautiful, blunt pressure against his rim. He doesn’t even try to stop himself from pushing back and
“The day we got home from Seattle.” Gabriel says softly.
“Mmmhmm.” He hums into Cas’ skin, “Except some asshole kept distracting me.”
dissipates as soon as he hears Dean’s voice.
crook of Dean’s neck. His hips move, pushing shallow and lazy thrusts into
Somewhere above him Dean laughs,
“Yeah. Kay.” Dean chuckles. “‘Night Cas.”
“Oh fuck Dean right there…
slightly in his seat; the faux-leather squeaking under his weight. “It is
breathe. Instead he slips back into his Dom persona and steps away from Dean, walking back to the couch to grab the last three weights that he’d abandoned
“Shut it Sammy!” This is not at all going how he thought it would, but he
anxious.
“But, how do you know it’s a
of being stripped raw – of being so completely human – before wiping the tears away with the back of his hand.
and places his feet flat against the brick wall behind them.
with Anna still in Heaven and Gabriel flying all over the country for work – even if he still lived in San Francisco he’d never see either of them.
dragging along the concrete. When they get to Cas’ door, the angel pushes it open and Dean looks in.
And Dean couldn’t even stay on his knees for Cas without breaking down.
He’s captivated and completely speechless as they continue walking, and walking, and walking…
“Hey! Hey, wait! Yo!
begins to fade as Dean Winchester continues to play.
The words must startle Cas, and he pulls his lips away from the jut of
what’s going on.
The heat between their bodies is nothing compared to the heat Dean sees in Cas’ eyes right then. It’s going to burn him alive.
“Then how about you just lay back and relax.” He kisses his way up to the head of Cas’ cock and licks softly at the slit, swirling his tongue around the
It’s exactly what Dean needs, and he takes one of his oil-slick hands and strokes himself as Cas slams into him hard. It only takes a few seconds but that
mind that it foamed up and dribbled out onto his hand. He just needed a drink. “Do you have any idea why Cas has locked himself in his room?”
And just like that it’s okay.
They soap up and rinse off quickly in the shower, and a definite attempt is
“Shut up.” Cas mumbles into the comforter, smiling as he hears Dean’s laugh
And the birds begin to leave
“Hold up, what do you mean you’d hear me? Like, you’d hear me when I’d pray to you, and that’s it, right? Tell me that’s all you heard.” There’s a quiet panic in his voice and Dean can feel the heat of shame rising up when Cas doesn’t respond right away. “
“Just go sit over there.” Dean gently pushes him toward the bed with a
It was true. He felt everything more vividly now, right down to the ache he felt deep inside from the night before.
“The one and only… God damn you smell fucking
Also, ignore the tags if you want to enjoy a slight twist at the end.
clock behind him.
past the table where his brother and Cas were still sitting, he reached out and ran his fingers through Cas’ hair.
Dean must have grown tired of Castiel’s feigned attentiveness.
Dean can’t imagine he looks much different. He sits up slowly and wipes his face with his hands. He clears his throat, but can’t think of anything to say.
“Cas, are you…?” Cas interrupts him with a
Castiel doesn’t answer, because even though no, he wasn’t staring at Dean’s ass, he doesn’t think that telling Dean he was staring at his hands would sound
“Never, sweetheart. Never.” Dean kisses Cas then, and that’s it. They’re both ready to tumble over the precipice they’ve been skirting along all morning.
“You sure?”
If there was ever a moment to panic it was right fucking now.
Not your six-pack.”
move, and he doesn’t want Dean to stop, although he should really say
already a few folks hanging around, some familiar faces and a few new ones. Jo sees Gabriel right away and bounces over. She only plays the fiddle in a few
follows suit, coming in long spurts and with beautifully drawn-out moans,
“Your grace?” Dean grits out, looking down at the angel.
Dean really laughs this time and turns around to face Cas. His eyes are practically glowing an iridescent gold and green, and he smiles. Cas can’t help
Go get some rest.
“You think about me?” Dean’s voice is so deep it’s almost a whisper, and when Castiel looks over again he’s unbuttoning his own jeans and taking his own
**Warning**
Dean whines.
the car, did you?”
Castiel takes another sip of the amber colored booze in his glass. Even though he’s expecting the taste, it still burns, possibly stripping him of some
Cas easily lifts his leg and straddles Dean’s hips, reverse-cowboy
fingers into Cas’ mouth as he continues to suck himself off, gets them nice
with chaos and violence, who often looked for comfort in the form of a warm woman on a cold night, was dreaming about fishing. It wasn’t at all what
Castiel’s ass is
He’d seen Dean naked, sure, but never from this close. Holy hell, this man is gorgeous.
Mary fights the urge to go on a long diatribe about how smart and talented
rolls his body back up and Cas watches the muscles in his back as his
“It means that I know you always do the opposite of whatever I say, so I’m going to keep my mouth shut and you’re going to have to figure this one out on
cheeks and arms, while the man holds a young boy, no more than four years old, and so unmistakably Dean. He’s got a red and blue baseball cap on and he’s
didn’t feel like he was about to throw up. “It would probably make him feel a whole lot better to know that you read it, and, you know, maybe that you
“Shut up Cas. I’ll see you later?”
“Hey Cas?” He wanders into the bathroom and flips on the light, like that’s going to help him see a full grown angel hiding in there. All he sees is an
“Yes, please.”
And then it happened.
I make the rounds and pay my dues
On a Sunday in late May the boys are washing Baby in the driveway, which Dean
“Were you going to say something Dean?” Cas’ voice is cocky but dark as he slides out and slams in again.
a soft smile and a sparkling tear running down each cheek. “Today is our
seemingly open wound.
He gets an apple on his desk every day until finals.
“I’m sorry Anna,” he begins, but she shakes it off and readjusts her hands on the steering wheel.
Mary thinks that seems like a silly thing to be thinking about right now
He lets Dean explore his mouth, tonguing and biting at his lips, the soft breathy moans tickle Castiel’s cheek.
are still clammy and shaking lightly, but as soon as he pulls down the twin’s pants and underwear he
Castiel thinks
Castiel knows that look – he’s close.
Cas is standing in front of him, leaning back against the counter that
sick of me.’
of the lube cap opening again, the slicking up of his cock, feeling the bed dip as Misha leans over him and lines himself up. And then there’s
his own that the man lowers himself and allows for just a teensy bit of
And then the sidewalk is empty.
Mary decides to give a little nudge of encouragement and kicks the toe of
and bats his eyelashes.
finality. He’s vaguely aware of the fact that the damn thing locks automatically and that he’s not necessarily supposed to have students in here when it’s
tight.
Three evenings that week Cas detours to different department stores on his way home from work, looking for the perfect gift for Dean – preferably something
fingers though the fluffy feathers below the arch, grinning when they puff up around his hand; stroking his palm along the longer feathers that feel like
silently against the shower wall.
The rest of the period is forgotten as Miss Bradbury has also brought a cake. Castiel hardly remembers to ask everyone to turn in the previous days’
spot over and over until Dean moans aloud, glancing over at Sam with a worried expression.
wiggles his hips and looks back at Castiel, who can’t think of anything else to do but spank both of Dean’s buttcheeks, lick his lips, and continue licking
“On the end of each clamp is a magnet, and in my hand are twelve 1-ounce magnetic weights. We’ll be adding weight to each nipple throughout the evening.
Message Received: 1:07AM – Dammit Cas this isn’t fair.
“Your turn,” the angel growls.
He had his thermos of coffee with a splash of cream and a teaspoon of sugar. He had his laptop with all his files queued up and ready to present. He was
“Grooming is a very intimate process. It involves a lot of trust, not just for the one being groomed but also the, uh, other…”
plowing into him.
“You’ve always been so responsive to sexual stimulation.” Castiel says, sort of on accident as he is feeling very distracted by the man in front of him.
Dean mulls this over, pretending not notice the brazen way Cas speaks about
he’ll be fine with or without a mate. But the ancient impulses inside of him are driven wild with desire at the promise of being provided for and
at once. “You’re not allowed to wear these pants again.” He pushes them down and Dean steps out of them, laughing when Cas actually kicks them out the
“New term, new shit-heads,” Miss Masters laments over coffee in the teacher’s lounge the morning before the first bell of the first day of the third term
It takes only a couple of strokes before Dean cries out
to help.
“That’s a very difficult question to answer, pal.”
when he pulls Dean down to kiss him or bite him or breath him in.
Chewing on his cheek, Castiel thinks for a moment, trying to come up with an appropriate answer for his sister. His silence must answer her question
that give out personal information about their dancers.”
All that love all those mistakes
“Uh, can I just…”
” he’s practically snarling. Castiel can feel the slick running down the back of his thigh and
“Whatever. You like it.”
They haven’t done this in way too long.
The design of the human being is incredibly flawed.
himself up on his elbows and looks down at Cas. “Too busy to hit the gym,
“Dean, it’s alright. It’s your job.” Castiel, disappointed about having to hold out jumping on Dean for a little longer, also kind of loves how flustered
night while the boys slept.
“Did you bring condoms?” Cas asks when they’re crossing the bridge over the river on their way to Bela’s house.
“What just happened?” Dean’s voice cuts through the awkward silence. He
“Jesus, Gabriel…” Castiel slides from the stool and shoots a quick text to Anna letting her know where they were and where to meet. He tries not to bump
wishes that he could hear Dean all the time, like a radio station on in the background as comforting white noise. He wants so desperately to know what song
I closed this place down when would I ever see you?’
The only sound is the crunch of dirt and leaves under their feet as they walk. Occasionally there is a rustle of wind through the trees, but it never
Dean knows the exact way to move to hit the right spot every time – and the dickhead deliberately misses just to drive Cas crazy.
until May.
screen – they’re only a few feet from him. They are
Be the laughter in the grief
“What was that?”
Dean shook his head.
“You mean that.” Cas said, and it wasn’t a question, but Dean nodded anyway. “Sam said that the other day you called me an ‘angel douchebag.’” Cas didn’t
flour smudges and creases all over his normally crisp apron. When he turns
There are three stages in this room; one relatively large one, front and
enough pressure that a pleased little hum vibrates in his chest.
“Sorry, I…”
Cas’ expression as he proceeded to kick that fucking door down.
More soft moans spill over Cas’ lips
The next thing Castiel did was look up photographs of Dean Winchester until he was blushing. Scrolling through archives of concert photos and Google
He’s done for.
Women scream. Men scream. Bal screams.
Breakfast was starting to come together, and Dean and Sam chatted and teased each other while Dean fought against bacon grease splatters and cut up some
closet with his tongue down Bela Talbot’s throat. Twice.”
isn’t much better than sharing a room with a demented sibling, and while the dorms bathroom down the hall was much larger than back home and cleaned on a
fluffy towels: one for his body, one for his hair, and one for each wing.
little stifling, and there’s a great deal more paperwork. I mean, I work in customer service and live in a studio apartment. It isn’t glamorous.”
vanilla; two humans fucking missionary style,
customers in line, and Cas walks around the counter to greet Mary with a
wall. Dean likes being bound and controlled, so this probably feels like too much freedom to him. Castiel runs his hand through the subs hair to sooth, and
For a moment Dean thinks that whatever soft, open moment they had been sharing is long gone, thanks to his stupid mouth.
grinning, and it’s wicked and she knows it, but her grin breaks into a
Sammy sits in the passenger seat and Castiel takes up residence in the back as usual. They’ve been in the car about forty minutes and Castiel is starting
Dean.”
I'm trying hard to love you — you don't make it easy, babe
But then Dean called him
rate he’s not sure he’ll make it to the end.
brushes their noses together. Dean’s so hard now that the lace is doing
perfectly squeezable bottom. Dean removes the headset from Cas’ ear and tosses it to the other side of the desk, then reaches around and starts to undo his
‘Smooth.’ Mary teases with a slight raise of her eyebrows.
wedding day,” his voice breaks, and the tears he was holding in spill over,
Dean only half hears the question as he scans his eyes across the room,
At least until Sam walked in.
to walk away, Mary sees two large, flour handprints on the butt of his
“Dean?” Cas interrupts the quiet.
right away, setting it in front of him so he can talk and read.
– wings. Dean’s senses are overwhelmed with a whole mess of crap he’s never felt before, but he doesn’t miss the look on Cas’ face. He can’t
it was literally just something to say
jacking off is.
down to give Dean a brief, soapy hand job.
style, he welcomes the turn of events because fuck studying – this guy is
Dean. Even with everything that had happened between then and now, all the things he had been through, he had not forgotten the guilt for leaving Dean like
or the car, but Cas just accepts and ignores it completely.
spread above him. He’s kissed until he can’t breath – until he must steal air directly from Cas’ mouth, and then he’s kissed some more.
. You’re doing so good baby, so good,
This Chapter:
in his ear. Castiel doesn’t realize he’s
Haha! No way. I’m a mechanic. My sister-in-law took that picture for a photography assignment back in March.
“Cas-.” His voice falters when the Alpha buries his face in Castiel’s neck and breaths in deep. He clears his throat and tries again. “Castiel Novak.”
dancing. She went on dates with men who would take her to expensive restaurants where she’d eat tiny portions of artistically displayed raw fish. Anna took
Castiel realizes that he’s probably been staring at Dean for longer than socially appropriate. Dean doesn’t seem to mind. Actually, Dean seems to be
Dean…” he collapses into the perfect man below
and heads back to his room.
When Castiel first took a vessel on earth it was strange. He thought that the soul would recognize his true voice; but even if the soul did, the man did
“I rebelled for
and she smiled, as she usually
“Fuck, Cas, I’m so…” he looks away. What is he supposed to say? That he’s sorry? That he’s embarrassed? That he’s
That’s his final thought before he feels two fingers on his temple and his world goes black.
He was expecting lots breasts and blowjobs.
All this prep is still annoying though, so Jensen makes a point of not making a sound.
reassuring squeeze. She’s spent hours talking to this man, but she still
do it all on your own. You still have Sam and me; just because we’re not
“Sir I- I can’t…” Tears spill over from Dean’s beautiful green eyes, and they roll down his cheeks as he stares at Castiel who tries to keep a look of
was a technicality – a white lie at its worst.
meadow and up into the sky. Dean thought for a second that he could feel Castiel’s grace possessing him, racing from his fingertips to his shoulder through
so busy. He didn’t really mean to let himself go, but somewhere along the
were the
stop himself. “I-uh, I mean, I remembered you. I wasn’t that drunk.”
His orgasm sneaks up on him. He thinks for a moment that maybe he just has to pee really bad, and then it feels
because he wants to see
During his solo part of the set, Dean finds himself focused on a particular silhouette of wings. The songs he chooses have nothing to do with angels. He
was happiness.
Dean. Cas was always trying to save Dean, to help Dean, to keep Dean from doing something stupid.
Dean nods again. Memories flood his mind of being fourteen and scared shitless, sitting with his elbows propped on Sammy’s hospital bed and talking to the
groans, feeling spent and loose and wanting to hunker down for a while –
“uh, doing that or whatever.”
He presses his thumbs into those beautiful dimples and grips around Dean’s hips with his fingers before he starts to move.
comes from the twin whose dick is not currently in Dean’s mouth, and Dean decides that he’s going to give
“Fine, like a bird, then.”
shouts and heady sighs and muffled
He gets about three steps from their table before turning on his heel and
to know the truth.
hot that Dean thinks he’s going to combust. His hands find the back of Cas’ neck and he
“What about those angel salon things? Fluffers or whatever they’re called.”
find Michael. I was going to say yes so we could just get this over with.”
“Cas showed up last night with you draped ‘round his shoulders. He tossed you on the couch, gave us a triage update and flew off to God knows where before
“And you think about… about guys while you do it?”
When Dean finally says goodbye and hangs up he can see Cas stand almost immediately. He must have been watching the light on the line and waiting for it to
“Good.”
flushed pink, lips slick and shining.
people.
before he can help himself.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean doesn’t get out of bed. Even when his stomach grumbles for breakfast. Even when he has to pee. Even when his phone rings and rings and rings
Message Sent: 11:13PM – I’ll get tickets right now. Do you think Gabriel would want to go?
Every frustration Dean had since waking up alone, all of that anger softens quickly, drowning in the desire to know where Cas is, if he's okay, why he
By the time he’s making his final rounds around the room he’s pretty sure
, something that his research has found is rather important to some
They wondered if they should adopt and decided to wait until after Dean’s career died down a little bit and Cas finished his second degree so they could
lifts his knees, planting his feet on the bed and bracing himself to push
but he knows it’s a fact.
wings.
were muted. But I’d hear you, Dean. And I wanted you so badly even though being in Heaven never allowed me to
‘Cas made that pie I brought you the other day.’
‘Of course.’ Cas says before he takes Dean’s hand and glances at Mary with a
bucket…
crowd mumble and nod or shout in response. “Well this someone I met is up there, he’s uh, a soldier, and occasionally I’ll pray to him because it’s the
as it rested in his palm.
Faded – Alan Walker
Relationship: Enemies to Lovers
Then Cas nods and removes his hand for a second – only a second – and Dean is barely able to gulp in half a breath before Castiel’s hand clamps down over
tight little ass in his hands.
he’s delusional, or maybe it’s because he’s not ready to let go of Dean – but Castiel raises his hand, fingertips nearly dripping with their combined
There’s a burst of white behind Dean’s eyes as Cas punches directly into that sweet spot.
up the night before. He hits record, checks the frame, and then looks into
Castiel sees a little bit of Gabriel in her right then.
to the door that Dean pointed to. Its propped open with a…
When has Cas
So there you are – after a thorough discussion about consent and safe-sex and respect – having the most incredible sex. It’s
and Dean can’t take his eyes off the man’s ass as he’s bent and twisted in
and Cas watches Jimmy take a shot of something clear.
of his only day off on this guys blog.
“Not a chance baby,” Dean says, and helps Cas up, turns him around to face him, and drops to his knees on the carpet. In an instant he’s taken Cas’ hard,
And sometimes all I want is to see these two beautiful men naked at the same time.
stuttered out over a few breaths, but he gets it out and awaits Dean’s
It’s hardly been ten minutes since they’ve collapsed onto Dean’s bed, but
– not the soft music that plays in the background, but more prominently the slap of leather on skin, the
>>Text Received<< If stupid cake pops are that popular I don’t
warm silk.
one, in that house. It’s where his mother had cut the crusts off his sandwiches and his father taught him how to throw a baseball. Mary used to tuck him in
Dean swallows hard, feeling himself constrict around the head that is deep down his throat.
She reaches across the table and rests a hand over his, giving it a bit of
He’s wearing a pair of comfortable looking cotton pants that are cuffed
How could he ever question that? He might never understand
Dean types out a quick text Travis to let him know that they’re in the area and see if he wants to get a beer after they burn the monster tomorrow and he
not the only one who feels like he’s lost his mind.
It surprised him how quickly he realized that he wanted Misha.
light of the smoke detector until his eyes can’t stay open and sleep finally finds him again.
The school-sponsored grad night party blows, so Dean and Cas take off to one of the
becomes Dean whining for Cas to just fucking fuck him already.
“Stand up.” Misha says, quiet but firm.
Cas makes an expression of understanding, then signs, ‘Losing himself in
little effort.”
new, getting a boner while dancing in a hot guy’s lap, but it’s never been
“You. Dean, I need you.”
They drop the girls off and head home.
I'm a good man
What he didn’t realize is that Dean is on the football team, and much to his surprise, early on in the game as he is making his rounds through the front of
wasn’t natural for an angel to acquire another angel’s grace no matter the circumstances.
There’s a soft lick at the seam of his lips; Dean’s tongue asking,
“B-but
Anyway, I hope you guys like it. I know a lot of you were hoping for a Wings chapter, and I hope I did it justice. Castiel’s wings are my favorite things in the whole wide world. I want them to be taken care of and I want them to be big and beautiful and scary and I want Dean to do all sorts of naughty things to them… and while this chapter doesn't quite convey
“Dean-o! You survived. I’m proud of you.” Gabe punches him in the shoulder
and Dean knew;
Relationship: Teacher/Student
Vitamix to ON and the
So, why can’t he remember?
“A hand job.” Castiel nods once, looking at him with determination in those hooded blue eyes. The angel’s cock is at about half mast, but the mention of a
There’s no response. He gets up, finds his own boxers tangled with his pants on the floor, and pulls them on.
does every time their relationship is acknowledged, and Misha pretends to ignore how adorable Jensen looks when he’s embarrassed.
water flooding it already from the spray of the shower (they’re not exactly being careful) and instead focuses on the sound of the cap opening and the
the bus and another security guard opens the door.
taint.
. It was an instantaneous switch, like instead of finding a soul mate Dean found his sex mate; a compatible
kisses his way back up Castiel’s chest and neck, nuzzling at the scruff of his jaw before landing a heavy kiss on Cas’ lips, feeling the pull of warmth and
Cas’ excitement is palpable as he holds Dean a little tighter and crooks his fingers again in that same spot. Dean’s whole body reacts.
, immediately.
ten, Cas is helping three women sitting in a far booth, and while Mary is
of Cas’ head and twists the ends around one of his hands like reigns for a horse. He pulls a little more, forcing Cas’ head back and making the man squeak
To everyone who has commented, kudos'd, subscribed, shared, and/or bookmarked - THANK YOU. To everyone who has been along since the beginning and to those of you who jumped in somewhere in the middle - THANK YOU. To everyone who has read every chapter and to those of you who picked out a few favorites - THANK YOU. I never imagined that this ridiculous little project I started over a year ago would get so much attention.
people don’t do that, though. Even some of the most devout people don’t know which angels to pray to and for what. So most people just pray hoping that
“Plus, she has pictures of you guys doing
Castiel hadn’t told her that he didn’t listen to any of their songs before the show, so even if he could’ve been in the front row with them, he would still
Heaven must have felt that his faith was shifting from them to the man because mere moments after leaving Dean’s dream he was taken back to heaven and
but with the way he looks up at Castiel through his long eyelashes, or chews on the tip of his pen while he does it… there is no subtlety left in the
“You could throw your bra at him.”
“Turn around and kneel. On your toes, sitting on your heels with your knees spread.”
But despite all of the distractions, Dean keeps hearing that word, over and over, rattling around in his mind.
it’s nearly exhausted, Dean… I-I can’t…”
enough. Dean’s face lights up before he charges back in, hitting Cas in
wants to be used for Cas’ pleasure so he can feel he’s good for something, even if it is just to be a fuck-hole for an angel who is so much more important
A sudden, loud moan echoes through the hall of the bunker.
His spirit is more broken than his body, and it’s going to take a lot more than a love song to fix it, but this is a start, and for the first time in
