Tony doesn’t even take time to think about what that was.
Now it was. Now, that day is here.
Queen Ramonda watches Bucky and Shuri leave with an unreadable expression.
(I hope you do.)
Steve gives her a half embarrassed, half amused smile. “He was probably joking about that.”
– he’s being a hypocrite. Tony didn’t give a single shit about Rogers being defenseless when he ordered him to drop the shield in Siberia; quite the opposite. He’d
For now, that is all, my friends! As always, thank you for reading, leaving kudos, and commenting, and if you like my writing, please consider checking out
Tony keeps meaning to see the message Rogers sent out to the public and he keeps forgetting, because everything is happening
"No but parents never are." I undo my seat belt and jump out of the car, staring up at the building that makes me feel 10 years old all over again. I interlock mine and MJ's fingers and we trudge up to the front door, ringing the bell firmly. The door is thrown open not a minute later by a girl who looked to be about 16 give or take.
"Get off Steve." He finally lets me go and I step away from him, shaking my head.
I have no reason to be doing this anymore. Why am I still doing it? I'm just hurting them.
"Why wouldn't I be? You're important to me Tyler, no matter how much you don't believe it. I'll always be here, I promise." I shake my head, looking away.
"Help yourselves guys, we just need to have a little chat with Tyler." Tony says, his voice dangerously calm. I take a step back towards Clint who places a protective hand on my shoulder. Steve holds his hand out for me to take, he doesn't seem that mad, he seems hurt. I give the archer a smile and place my hand into Steve's bigger one and allow him to pull me towards their room. Tony holds the door open for me and closes it softly as Steve leads me over to the bed, sitting down next to me. The billionaire starts to pace the length of the room.
"Don't apologise. It wasn't your fault. Now come," She stands, Straightening out her pyjamas. "Clint makes some great waffles." We walk hand in hand to the kitchen where the male assassin is stood over a waffle iron, moving his hips to the random pop song that is playing through the radio. He begins to sing along, using the spatula as a microphone.
"You gave us a scare then darling." Natasha whispers into my ear, kissing my temple as she pulls away. Clint is stood behind her, leaning on the door frame. As soon as I see him, I reach out, making grabby hands at the archer like a 3-year-old. He chuckles as he walks over, lifting me into his chest and I push my head into the crook of his neck, sighing contently as he begins to move side to side.
"My mum brought me a tiger like that when I was little but my first foster home ripped it up in a drunken rage. Tigers are my favourite animal you know?" I smile sadly and Tony wraps his arms around me.
"Today we're here to celebrate the day when we went from a married couple to a family. We adopted these two, amazing kids and they have stolen the hearts of all of the Avengers in the short amount of time they've been here." Papa takes the mic from dad.
"She went home earlier, told us to give you a hug from her." Mom explains handing me my already packed bag. Of course she does. She's a mom. I take the bag from her and slip my feet into my trainers, running my fingers through my hair.
"I smell Nat's pancakes, must have before Pete eats them all." We bounce into the kitchen to see Clint feeding pancakes to their 2 year old daughter, Lila.
Happy birthday to you!
"She's out back by the lake. Do you mind going to get her for me? Tell her lunch is ready."
"I can try, I think your dad's the best one to ask for that kiddo. Actually, I'll go see if he's free." Before I can protest, she's already out of the door.
"Sure we will Little Bird. Go get some rest. Your wife is waiting for you." I smile at them and move to lift Morgan into my arms.
"See you in 7 days." I mumble, leaning into MJ's side. I notice her rubbing her arms so I pull of my jacket and drape it over her shoulders. She smiles gratefully at me.
"I'd love to kiddo."
"Well she's. Mom. Worrying over nothing."
"You're good, kid." He says, handing it back. I smile and mumble my thanks before silence consumes us.
"You weigh nothing прекрасный." I don't say anything as she places me down, grabbing my Hawkeye pyjamas out of my bag, passing them to me. I cautiously pull my hoodie off and put the shirt on. Natasha gasps.
But he doesn't know who I am
"Tiger, you know what we're going to say, so please, just tell us." My gaze shifts to the floor, finding my socks very interesting until Tony lifts my chin up to make me look at him.
"I know but, I want to do it you know? Prove that I didn't get the job because you're my parents. I want something to show for all my work."
Steve hums softly. “Sounds about right. C’mon, let's get some food.”
“You like it, Maguna?” Tony asks, gesturing at his suit.
“Did your mother commit suicide?”
“Ouch,” Loki says, but there's a smirk of relief lifting the corners of his lips. “Meaningless? So you don't think,” he glances at the letter with a raised brow, “my hair shines like onyx in moonlight and my wit viper swift?”
Pepper sighs against his neck and tightens the hold of her arms. “If it wasn't for Steve, I would be very very mad at you,” she says.
He had been too scared then.
“Alright, Rogers,” Tony says as he slides into the bench seat across from Steve. He whips the sunglasses he's wearing off his face and places them on the tabletop. His fingers tap a nervous staccato rhythm on the formica and he has to forcefully will himself to stop. Steve waits patiently for him to talk.
Thank every deity ever for Pepper though. Smart, caring, gorgeous, beautiful, wonderful, kind Pepper. She is much too good for him and he loves her so much.
He doesn’t say any of this. He can’t bring himself to tell even Steve the full extent of his relationship with his father and even his dearest friends know only the surface story, but he warms a little at the genuine sincerity he finds in Peggy. There is authentic empathy there and quiet strength. This must be why Steve loves her, he thinks, and doesn’t feel entirely bitter about that thought for once.
Eventually, they pack away the Monopoly board after Clint accuses Bucky of cheating
He thinks about what could’ve been done in four years, when he was drifting through space fighting to get home. He thinks about what steps they could’ve taken to defeat Thanos, what they could’ve done to avenge their friends. It spirals him in circles and while he realizes the futility of the thought because lost time can never be regained, he aches with the hollowness of failure.
Tony worries at his bottom lip, eyes still avoiding his reflection and he is silent for a long minute before nodding determinedly. With a steadying breath, Tony turns to look back to the mirror, eyes half lidded as his gaze settles on Steve’s hands. He watches Steve trace his fingers along the contour of his torso, slowly dragging his hands from Tony’s waist to the ladder of his ribs, feeling the warm skin beneath his palms.
“We didn’t even start cleaning yet,” Natasha points out. “Don’t be so dramatic. You're asking to be buried alive in this pigsty,” she says as she gingerly picks her way through Tony's room, trying her best to evade the piles of dirty laundry and disassembled motherboards.
“Thank you, sourpatch,” Tony says softly, the emotions swelling again when Rhodey’s eyes soften. “I can’t think of anyone else I’d rather have up there with me today.”
kick your ass if you hurt Tones.”
, flooding the darkened room with warm yellow light. They startle when they hear a throat clearing and Tony looks up with mounting horror to see a blond woman with Steve's eyes standing in the living room entry. Steve notices her at the exact same moment.
Steve can feel the slow breaths Tony is taking beneath his palms as they expand his diaphragm in rhythmic pulls. There's a little hitch in his throat when Steve skates his fingers from the side of his chest to graze the edge of his nail against Tony's nipple. He watches their reflection intently as Tony shivers, lips parting slightly as their eyes meet in the glass.
Tony grins and begins to quietly pad across the room. Steve startles a little when Tony drops down onto the cushion next to him but relaxes immediately.
It's not actually all too bad, but Tony will never admit that, not even under pain of death. He's entitled to his very, very infrequent bouts of dramatics. Honestly, he's only ever slightly dramatic like once every three years, he swears.
Tony relaxes marginally as they become old news. It doesn’t stop Steve from being outwardly affectionate in public, taking the charade personally as though he has something to prove. Besides being ridiculously considerate, Steve is also ridiculously romantic. He walks Tony to all of his classes, presses kisses to his cheek in the halls when they part, and always sits with him for lunch. On the days with nicer weather when they’re not eating with friends, Steve will sneak them both out of school as Sandra gives them knowing looks and he’ll take Tony back to Ben’s deli for sandwiches. They’ll sit on the steps of the Met, people watching as they eat their lunch.
“Okay,” Tony repeats, and stays.
, Tony thinks with an edge of panic, the heavy feeling bubbling in his stomach again. Yeah, right.
Tony looks across the table to see Clint staring at him speculatively. Clint taps at the back of his ear to switch on his hearing aid and says incredulously, “You're dating
They’ve all lost people, but out of all of them Clint and Thor feel the grief and regret the heaviest. Clint because he lost his children, something none of them can fathom. Thor because not only has he lost his brother and his people, but because he came
He rubs his hand over his chest and sighs softly, releasing his breath slowly so he won't wake Steve. He closes his eyes, presses closer, and tries to go back to sleep.
Us Weekly
“Well you're going to have to tell him no,” Bucky says. He pauses as Clint signs something to him. “Clint agrees. No new PCs midgame.”
red, white, and blue?”
“Tony!” Rhodey says sharply, snapping him out of his feverish plans. “Come on, man. We've been over this. I know you're thinking about it again. You're going to stay here, finish your senior year, and then you can decide which college you want to attend or if you want to
Steve chuckles and kisses his nose. “You’re a menace,” he replies, but his hand is smoothing slow circles on the swell of Tony’s ass.
“This,” Steve says, gently trailing his hand over the scars on Tony’s collarbone, topographical tales of his sacrifice, “means you got to come home to me. You saved the universe because you were so strong and brave and selfless. You saved us all.”
Happy does his best to keep them from touching Tony, but even with the help of the school security guards, they can barely hold back the flock of vultures. It takes everything in Tony to hold onto his emotionless public face, gritting his teeth until his mouth feels numb. He will not show weakness to the horde, they will eat him alive.
He doesn't know if Steve realizes what he said, but the words lance through Tony like a strike of lightning. He recovers enough to laugh lightly, but the ache in his chest intensifies into burning pain. He presses down on it with his palm as he leans in towards Steve.
Tony tries not to wake Steve as he sits up, but Steve's eyes flutter open anyways, blinking at him blearily before his gaze turns soft and warm.
“Yeah but it's across the fucking country,” Tony insists petulantly.
They make small talk for a bit about midterms, SAT scores, and college, pointedly swerving around the topic of Steve. Peggy is talking about her anticipation for her Oxford admissions letter when the cold finally gets to be too much for Tony and he feels like he’s about to shiver out of his skin. The snow is coming down in heavier drifts, white cotton flakes obscuring the light of the moon. Peggy, who is good and kind offers him the shawl wrapped around her shoulders. Tony declines, thinking Steve is probably wondering where he’s gone by now.
“You’ve been watching too many romcoms, sugar bear.”
“Something wrong, Snape?” Tony asks.
“Let’s hope this was a fluke,” Loki says with false cheer neither of them believe. Dread settles heavy in Tony’s belly as Loki tries valiantly to comfort him. “Perhaps I was the only one who got my letter.”
“So we’ll work on those things!” Tony says excitedly. “It's like a get out of jail free card for me, and a relationships crash course for you. We both win.”
The second time Tony's heart breaks, it is not for himself.
Tony groans. “Can't we just skip ahead to making out and living happily ever after? We're not writing a new contract, are we?”
“There will be no wild cocaine parties in this house,” Jarvis says as he walks in with armfuls of boxes for the things Tony is going to donate. “The powder will be a pain to clean and I’m getting old.”
“Aw, Rock of Ages, you wound me,” Tony pouts. “I thought I was going to be the trophy wife in this relationship. Since your dad has way more money than mine, and even after you split it with Thor, you can still be the sugar daddy here.”
“We just won,” Natasha confirms.
“Shouldn’t you go back inside too?” Tony asks as he reaches for the handle of the sliding door.
Tony shakes his head. “No, I didn't know that.”
“Never,” Tony says valiantly, before immediately succumbing to a fresh wave of giggles as Steve’s fingertips find his ribs anew.
“I know what can help!” she suddenly declares as she scrabbles out of Tony’s arms. He sets her down and she runs over to Pepper. Morgan whispers something in her mother’s ear as Tony watches on in amusement. With a long suffering sigh, Pepper reaches into her purse and hands Morgan a small pink tube. She walks back over to Tony with it gripped tight in her hand.
“Okay, Abracadabra,” Tony says slowly, trying not to lose his shit. “I can explain.”
“Welcome to the rest of the world,” Steve replies cheerfully. “That's what it's like for us regular folk. We're forever at the mercy of the subway system.”
Tony straightens each scrap of paper and smoothes them out meticulously. He saves them all and brings them home to place in a little box he keeps under his bed, still lamenting the loss of his mother’s old hatbox. He builds his collection of Steve notes like magpie treasure, and tries not to think of the day he won't have any more to add to the hoard.
“I’m going to have to take this,” Tony tells Steve and Pepper. “You guys should go to bed.”
sound sorry, like he feels bad that Tony isn't going to get a happily ever after but Tony has long gotten used to that idea already, and he does not need Steve Rogers pitying him.
, Tony’s brain hisses.
He flips the phone closed. He still doesn’t want to hear it.
Tony is probably hyperventilating, he isn't really sure, but there are black spots dancing at the edge of his vision and there is a long arm pulling him against a soft chest, and it is Pepper, thank god Pepper is still going to be with him for senior year, damn Rhodey for being a whole year ahead of the both of them, goddamnit, he should've applied for early graduation, why didn't he do that, he could've hacked the system to change that old failing grade in freshman Phys Ed, the school records are a fucking joke, he totally could've done it if he was able to get into the Pentagon after a couple of hours that one time when Reed Richards dared him, the school system will be nothing in comparison, and besides most security systems nowadays are a fucking joke, and if he had changed his dumb grade, he wouldn't have had to waste time on another whole fucking year—
“How dare you, you little shit,” Howard snarls. “What makes you think you have the luxury to just fly off whenever you feel like it without completing your tasks?”
The first color Tony sees when he wakes up is white. The light is white. The ceiling is white. The walls are white. The sheets tucked around him are white. The noise that buzzes around him is white, staticky and rhythmic.
That startles a genuine laugh out of Tony, and he chuckles as he squirms in the circle of Steve’s arms. “How did I forget? You
Rhodey listens sympathetically and doesn't say anything as he tells him about the letters, the plan to get Peggy back, the fake relationship, how much it hurts to actually lose Steve. Tony had expected sympathetic anger maybe. He remembers the shovel talk and thought Rhodey would jump at the chance to punch Steve in his perfect teeth, but instead he sighs and gives Tony an unreadable look when he winds down from his explanation.
Loki thinks about it for a moment, his eyes gleaming speculatively as he leers at Tony. “You’re not nearly pretty enough to be a kept boy.”
That year, his parents send him to summer camp. His parents call it character development. Jarvis calls it enrichment. Tony calls it what it is: his parents don't want to see him for eight weeks.
“ Tony exclaims, almost dropping the rest of his burrito.
Tony takes a shaky breath. “Steve and I made up the relationship,” he confesses, the words feeling like thorns stuck in the side of throat, and it's all he can do to get them out. “We pretended to be dating to make his ex-girlfriend jealous. So she'll take him back.”
Tony ducks away from him, still pointedly avoiding his eyes.
Pepper sighs as she reaches a hand up to brush Tony's hair away from his forehead. “He told me you haven't slept all week for one,” she says. “He also told me you've been feeling guilty about me.”
“Good morning, beloved,” Steve says, his voice like a growl, deep bass rumble thrumming beneath the skin under Tony's tongue.
is you. That’s why I couldn’t ever show you my room. You would’ve run screaming for the hills when you saw how many drawings and paintings I had of you. You might still run screaming for the hills now that I’m telling you—”
,” he whispers, rubbing a hand across his face.
not his parents), and he's long learned to keep the deepest parts of himself hidden and buried.
Hatched in ballpoint is a drawing of him asleep in bed, backlit with the sunlight spilling from the windows behind. His shoulder is bared with the edge of the sheets trapped in his fist, his other hand outstretched as though reaching for Steve. His hair is a riot of curls, looping circles spread on the crosshatched pillow, with dark lashes dusting the crest of his cheeks. He looks so soft in the drawing, expression lax as he sleeps, looking for all the world like he's having the best of dreams. Tony sighs and replaces the paper on the nightstand for safekeeping as Steve walks back into the room with only a towel wrapped around his waist.
Steve Rogers is walking down the hall and he stops at the locker bank right outside the lab. He commands every space he walks through, drawing every eye to him as he walks past. Star quarterback and now newly minted captain of the football team, half of the school worships the ground Steve walks on. Tony can swear a hush falls as he stops in the hall.
, he thinks,
“How’d you do that?” Tony blurts out, still confused.
“The one and only,” Tony had replied with a sarcastic salute, and admittedly in hindsight, that was probably dickish of him and only reinforced whatever rumors the others might've heard about him. Yep, there was definitely disdain in Barnes’s answering scowl. He didn't miss the answering glare Steve gave his best friend.
“M-my room?” Steve stammers, his cheeks slightly pink as he sits up too.
“Later, sweetheart,” Steve says and ignores Tony’s pout. “Pepper will murder us if we miss another gala.”
Even the cheerleading routine led by Peggy doesn't put a damper on Tony's mood, he's so excited to watch Steve play. The endless practices and brutal drills pay off, the team working in perfect synchronized harmony as they all work methodically as a unit to score their touchdowns.
Steve kisses him first.
The look Steve gives him is unreadable. “Yeah, maybe,” he agrees. “Maybe things would've been different.”
He rides Steve hard. Every downward grind onto Steve's cock feels like a stolen moment he has to fight for, even when Steve gasps his name with awe and reverence as Tony kisses the sounds from his lips. It's not love, Tony reminds himself. It's barely even mutual like, but he can pretend it’s something more as Steve fills him liquidhot with a loud cry of his name.
He spends the entire class on his laptop fine tuning the behavioral code for his bot, distracted every few minutes by his own traitorous eyes surreptitiously glancing over at Steve's note folded at the corner of his desk. He barely gets more than a couple of lines done before the bell rings.
“Steven Grant Rogers,” his mother says sternly, but there's laughter dancing in her eyes as she stares down at the both of them. “This was
“Tony,” Nat sighs. “You have to stop torturing yourself like this. It’s not healthy for you to look at any of that nonsense.”
Afterwards, they fall asleep curled up together with Tony’s head pillowed on Steve’s chest as snow continues to fall outside the huge windows.
It feels like an eternity before Steve withdraws his fingers and Tony is whimpering at the loss. He’s too empty, he needs Steve.
“We have ‘date nights,’” Steve continues, actually makes air quotations by crooking his fingers. Tony doesn’t find that endearing. It’s downright dorky. “We use that time to learn about each other, so no one can tell we’re not actually dating.” Tony grimaces at the thought of having to spend time with Steve alone.
(A phone works both ways, genius.)
, but not only that. There’s something she’s reaching for, a specific answer out of him that he has no idea what it is, and it makes him nervous to think he could be saying something wrong. The bubble, the thin frail sheet of imaginary protection around them stretches and pulls taut like a piece of cheap plastic, and Tony desperately hopes it won’t rip.
(What if Tony already has nothing else to give?)
, and his goddamned tendencies of taking it all to himself and making choices for others finally,
And they have no solution to that.
He was telling the truth about Bucky.
Barton –
on it. People call him egotistic and reckless and unrestrained – but who the fuck is saying the same about Steve Rogers, about the rest of them, who are all so ready to do whatever Rogers tells them to without a second thought, when Rogers is just as bad, just as egotistic, just as arrogant, and they all are, but somehow, Tony is
It’s not judgment. It’s not… a threat. Tony finds himself lost in the habit of looking for Rogers’ reaction at a pivotal moment, to search for his face and measure his expression, his
“Is that—?” Nebula asks, choked.
“I love you.” He says, breathlessly. “I’ll always love you. Despite everything, even with all I’ve done, if it didn’t look like it… I love you. I need – I need you to know that.”
A caged animal.
“The world still cares for you.” Vision says, fondly. “But they are afraid. This is the first step to help them overcome that fear. In time, this divide between us will be destroyed. But we have to be patient, and be willing to compromise, on both sides, when the time comes.”
(Sleep.)
open and full-chested, he doesn’t look like he’s holding the entire world on his shoulders anymore, he
And although it feels like sinking with anchors attached to his ankles, he has to wait, because as much as Steve doesn’t mind charging ahead and doing what it must be done, Steve still wants to know… He really wants to know if, someday, he will be needed.
“His children.” Tony adds, and Nebula throws him a look. “The Mummy mentioned that. Children of Thanos. Although I don’t think he meant literally.”
We didn’t know— We were
on them – if the shock of seeing Tony alive happens, it might be for the best, even; The SHIELD personnel seemed to be very taken aback that Tony had survived. Hopefully, the crowd would react in the same way, just long enough for them to find a way to stop the riot and neutralize any possible threats.
“The star is surrounded by a circular structure meant to harness its power.” Thor explains, making a spherical shape with his hands in an explanatory gesture. “When the door to the structure is open, the beams that escape through it light up the forge and melt the metal.”
while she was having a nightmare five months ago.”
(You didn’t know, did you?)
Past the double-agent, past the Black Widow,
, Steve nods at him.
Even if ever before, nor ever again –
He knew.
Steve doesn’t want to talk. Is bad enough that they can see him like this, they can see how the weight of his secrets are dragging him down slowly, day by day, in the shadow of his beard, in the restless exhaustion in his eyes. Steve has never wanted to be
There’s people
“What do we do?” Natasha asks, no louder than a murmur, as she turns her back to the hostages to make sure they can’t even read her lips, leaning forward so the only people who can actually hear her are Rogers, Tony, and Agents Carter and Ross.
He doesn’t want forgiveness. Not from them. He
“Well, Mr. Burns is dead. Saw it with my own eyes.” Tony recalls, tilting his head to the side. “Who else was there? Big guy that came with him when he got to New York? Had big club, hammer, whatever?”
Oh, Christ, how many times will the ground simply give away from under him, leaving him stranded in the middle of nowhere, stealing all the breath from his lungs? How many times he will be send back reeling, his minds spinning with new revelations and unexpected turns, how many times will he be pushed into a corner and be forced to challenge his thoughts with so many other realities that simply never fit with his own?
So, JARVIS. Maybe not
that it’s broken.
Steve genuinely, honest-to-God chuckles, because he’s just so
Zemo’s plan had been simple.
(But she—)
It’s hard to hold back tears when he sees her eyes full of them too.
And if Steve is to be honest
“But at what cost.” Bruce says, and it’s not a question – it’s just a sigh. It just… is.
“I want to fix things.” Tony replies, firmly. “I’m not gonna let it end like this.”
“Heard she’s a genius.” Tony grumbles, the joke falling short even before it leaves his lips.
“Not many.” Bruce admits, sorrowfully.
(Like all children, he had been stronger than his father.)
“That was my last one.” Steve admits, feeling a little ashamed.
Steve hadn’t even had the courage to look outside.
“Did he kill them? His people?” Rogers asks, and his voice cuts through the line of focus Tony had between himself and Bruce like a knife, slicing the fake casing of security so easily Tony struggles not to wince.
(Oh, that’s rich. You don’t trust me either, darling.)
He wouldn’t. Steve’s not like that. Maybe he’ll scream at Tony’s face, it’s been a while since they’ve done that but it’s definitely a classic, but the screaming is usually an impulsive reaction, and Steve is not reacting impulsively. He’s not reacting at all, in fact. Tony doesn’t move either, half-frozen in place, and he acutely tastes the champagne and feels the incredible warmth of Steve’s body for what feels like an eternity, and as nice as that is, he is very aware that this is an awful, awkward kiss.
“That was
¸ so what does he know?
, closer he’s ever gotten in this strange new era. But it has to end.
(Then what am I, Captain?)
Alright.
He captures them and changes them, she’d told him, and makes them follow his lead. They are extensions of his mania, of his arrogance and villainy, and seeing as they obeyed his commands, and Nebula clearly defied them, Tony just assumed… she and Gamora would be the defectors. The only two who managed to get out. That they had a
Maybe he thinks he’s a prophet who’s fulfilling this stupid mission, I don’t care.”
” Sam whispers, appalled. “Why didn’t you tell us this?”
(Knowing their luck, it probably will.)
in his head doesn’t work quite right in the feelings department, but to have it happen is
What the hell are they talking about? Is this… Is this their way of making conversation? Is – Is this what their attempt to have a
. Or if Thor is going to grab him by the throat again and tell him the world was in danger because of him. If Bruce will once again look at Tony like he lost his mind, and did something awful, and just hasn’t accepted it yet. Truth is – Tony is no longer confident he knows the people he once called his friends. He hasn’t seen Bruce and Thor in so long; and the others… well. The others and Tony are not friendly anymore.
But it can’t be. There is no way she could have seen. His wound was not so high, and Tony’s chest, despite all that happened in the fight, came out only bruised, not cut or exposed—
He isn’t sure what he
But Tony also saw her.
(Get up.)
Stares.
And she tries to side-step him and leave, but he won’t allow it.
“How much?” She presses.
Or both. He’s not sure.
But by the way Bucky looks at him, it’s not enough.
“Vision.”
and stop this, but it’s too late. It
“Did you—” Tony begins, but he immediately stops when he realizes that the words that are about to leave his lips will sound too much like an accusation. He’s been practicing on, you know,
(Why is it always Tony?)
It makes him feel almost dizzy. It makes him feel childish.
Ms. Carter turns her body in his direction, facing him, speaking in a very serious and considerate tone. “I am not an engineer, Mr. Jarvis. I am a federal agent. There isn’t much I can teach him.”
“I don’t know.” He sighs. “Maybe not anymore.”
is a god and he messes up too. Why would you think it’s your job to do everything by yourself?”
“It wouldn’t take much for him to do it again.” Steve adds, curtly,
“We have to leave.” The being says, quiet and firm, a tone that is not unkind, but is also not gentle. A sound of reluctance. A sound of bitter defeat. “We can’t stay here.”
?” Rhodey asks indignant. “What does that change?”
But now, he’s coming to the terrible conclusion that… They might not have a choice.
, attacking officers and trying to kill them when they tried to contain him. There is no explanation for the in-between. The world doesn’t know. And there is no one else that knows the truth besides them.
might be the day.
has just been one big, great loss, and he doesn’t want to feel like this ever again. So, yes, he
He doesn’t want to ask it.
“Wouldn’t you like to know.” Ross smiles, a vile, ugly thing. “You don’t worry about it, Stark. It’s none of your concern.”
“Okay, we’ll get back to that.” Tony quickly intervenes, for both Bruce’s and Thor’s sake, stepping forward so he can bodily block the vision between the two of them, hoping a barrier will make them retreat instinctively. “So we actually have some information on the Reality Stone, and that’s good. How did you get it back, after the… whoever took it from your girlfriend?”
that?”
Blue.
“Rogers.” Natasha says, totally serious. “I’ll give you a hundred bucks if you kiss Stark right now and shut him up.”
in his direction, reaching out to his arms and hands, as if they could stop him from doing something when he’s just standing there, perfectly still. It’s his
“That—” Tony stutters, shifting his weight from one foot to another, skin prickly with discomfort, and he turns to the side in a weak effort to hide his face. “Mostly. Yeah. But what did you want me to do? To just ignore the complaints of 117 countries and follow Rogers to wherever the hell he went just because he told us to?”
“He was going to.” Tony confesses. “He changed his mind.”
(Another hole in his pocket.)
“So you know about the dust.” Tony says, and it’s not a question. “You know that
“Yes? I’m assuming?” Bruce replies confusedly. “Why?”
, and T’Challa’s sister could give much more, much faster than he could. But something about contacting her in such an invasive way make shim feel unbalanced, uneasy, and maybe the support of the others would help. Who knows.
“Then I wish you a safe journey, Captain.” The king says, simply. “And we will give you a safe place to return to, if you so decide.”
She looks like she’s well.
He grimaces a little, as if something sour has suddenly burst in his tongue and memories, but it happens too quickly for Tony to latch onto.
“You weren’t dead.” Nebula says, as if that’s an explanation.
hates the idea that he once again went through a surgery he wasn’t fully awake for, even though he doesn’t know if he wanted to be. He simply doesn’t know. His emotions are a mess, his still slightly groggy mind muddying the present and the past together, recalling with far too accuracy the feeling of the uncomfortable, unnatural heat he used to feel on his sternum when the car battery was still there, the bruises on his ribs and the bruises he sported for weeks into his captivity, his entire torso throbbing constantly, the
her fault. The
The only thing that would stop them is Bucky.
The words sound almost nonsensical to Steve, for a brief, almost intangible second.
And she asks him:
About letting go of them.
The same old song and dance.
“Sugar daddy.” Natasha nods, and turns on the TV, as if that is the end of the matter.
because he’d been at the NEXUS, in Norway, when Natasha was captured while trying to retrieve Helen Cho’s Cradle.
, Tony can’t think too much about that, he doesn’t want to think about the ugly, terrible possibilities of entertaining the thought of Rhodey for too long –, but by now, after Iron Man, he knows more than enough to make some very spot-on educated guesses. His knowledge of alien aircraft, however, is very limited, coming from observation of the Chitauri pods back in New York and the Flying Donut merely a few hours ago – and space travel has
out there!” Pepper argues all the same, nearly enraged.
It is the middle of the night and he is alone in his study, and Ana is already in bed, sleeping peacefully and unaware. Not because he is hiding from her; but because it is safer, for herself and for him, for
She sounds…
He already
He must admit it: He is afraid. If Tony is the reason why Howard and Maria Stark never made it home, the one who ordered the kill is still looking for him. Tony might not be the reason why; After all, Howard Stark had his hand in far too many projects, between SHIELD and Stark Industries, or whatever happened inside his so secretive laboratory, but to be kept
Steve startles when he suddenly feels a hand on his shoulder, heavy and warm, and realizes he was so out of it he didn’t even notice Clint walking around the counter to stand by his side. He wonders, for a second, if Clint can see the rising
He doesn’t want to go where the kid’s body is.
“Just put it here.” Tony gestures towards the table right beside him.
“Why do you need a hammer?”, Nebula frowns after they leave.
The lack of it. Outside.
He doesn’t—
(It’s not fair.)
Nebula holds his gaze and dares to raise her head higher, why Rocket straightens his spine and squares his shoulders, despite having just bared themselves to each other despite discomfort or fear? So they can all understand, so they can all exist in this same tiny pocket of time where they all came from so far away to be together for one single goal?
Oh, c’mon, really? Really? It’s… It’s his
sounding slightly annoyed at Tony’s deflection.
or else it’ll
“Are we going to be able to fight this, Tony?” Bruce asks, nearly pleads; Pleads for reassurance, for hope, for anything – and he doesn’t mean their quest for answers, or for any sort of special space metal, or Thanos. He means them, this rift that only seems deeper and wider every time Tony dares to look at it, unable to step away from the border, but also unable to take the leap. “Can we make this team work?”
he’s not the only one who’s noticed Steve is off, somehow.
by Rhodey’s words.
His words, that have never been as effective as his actions.
I'll see you all in the next one, back to our normal updating schedule :)
“He was your best friend.” Shuri counters. “Are you the same person you were seventy years ago, Captain? Are you even the same person you were before you became a fugitive?”
And as if that isn’t the vaguest response he could have ever given, Sam retreats from his intensity, once again falling back into his more relaxed position, turning his gaze to the clouds as well, seeming to be considering something within the safety of his own thoughts.
It feels like betrayal that it’s as peaceful as it is.
Steve’s breath hitches.
, it only makes him feel worse.
Was a teammate.
“Do you mean it?”
Natasha looks at him unhappily, as if she wants to argue. In the end, she does not.
“He can’t capture audio yet.” He quickly says instead, but it’s not really an excuse. It’s just a comment, something he had to say to replace the tactless words he just swallowed back. The silence would’ve tipped Maria off.
“Yeah, ‘cause of Zemo.” Sam answers.
the base that day?” Steve exclaims, the facts not adding up inside his head. “What do you mean? Wanda got to Tony
If Tony
, weird, no-good comparison; maybe he should just call him
, she had
was being a contrary little shit when he was a teenager, and the coincidence is just… too much for Tony to handle, even now. But two, because the joke, even if it’s just that, a
m stunning, and you... You’re as much as a tall glass of water as you’ve always been, Mr. Rogers.”
That’s putting it lightly. That’s… God, fuck, that’s a
“The water tanks. They should be working, if no one has intentionally destroyed them.” Carter reasons. “The building has automatic fire-detecting alarms, but if for some reason they don’t work, we need to go straight to the source.”
You need extra protection. If they try to arrest you and cause you harm under the pretense of being necessary, because you’re too strong, you need something to make sure no one is going to use that excuse to hurt you. You need legal protection. And you didn’t
Steve is loyal to an idea, to a desire to be safe and be free, and not to the faceless institutions that through lying teeth promise they’ll give people that.
“Nice. Creepy.” Tony nods in agreement, and appeased, he turns to go, taking the remaining tacos with him. “I’ll talk to Cap. He’s probably downstairs already.”
, and she should be
“Your pillows are safe.” Steve assures.
It’s surprising, how it works. How
Steve feels cold.
They have to stop it.
It’s almost nine when they finally get to the restaurant because Clint was incredibly late, and Tony is wearing
Tony did not tell him what happened. Between them. Him and Pepper.
He can’t order FRIDAY to stop. He almost does, the words forming in his mouth on their own accord, swelling in his throat like an aborted scream and filling the spaces between his gums and teeth, threatening to bust, but they never make a sound. He trembles, but he cannot move.
“First dark energy and now this.” Bruce looks up in exasperation and sighs, like he’s completely exhausted. “I miss the days I understood what was happening with science.”
” Natasha repeats, in a mix of scorn and confusion.
to do that. “Carter and Ross?”
people in this team, and whether you admit it or not, you
Get over here!” to the other side, hoping he will get the cue and join Tony behind the safety of the barrier—
Tony can scarcely remember what she’s talking about, they’ve never been in a mission in Seoul – and then he remembers that he
He doesn’t want to do this. He doesn’t want to.
He is just so…
to find Bucky and bring him back.
“Well…” Scott hesitates, waiting for him to continue, and when he doesn’t, Scott sighs and his breath causes a static to go through the phone, uncomfortable and noisy— The very same noise Steve can hear inside of his head now. Like a missing connection. An interference. A huge fog that clouds all of his senses and makes him completely
nightmare.
than that.” Tony agrees, entirely too satisfied. “It’s—”
I can’t just sit there and tell her everything is fine, she won’t
it was to pick us apart.” Tony laughs, but there’s no humor in it.
The others make weird, desperate inquisitive noises around him, but Tony only shakes his head.
. They are going to reduce his sentence.”
But Tony thinks this is the first time he’s actually experiencing this awe so fiercely, so honestly, so… raw.
Just… Steve.
So far, it hasn’t failed him. So he doesn’t see why he should stop.
“Make me.” He childishly replies, and Steve ignores the instinct to think why that sounds so suggestive on his mind.
(It’s just a water bottle.)
Clint Barton, this one is for you. The very definition of It Gets Worse Before it Gets Better, this chapter breaks a lot more than it fixes - but dismantling something is the best way to find the root of the problem, so that's exactly what we're gonna go.
He likes that. He wants to. He wants to stick around, he wants – he wants to keep sleeping, and joking, and learning more. He wants to put in the work to slowly chip away the fortress walls Steve Rogers has raised around himself.
But between them? Just them?
And Pepper will tell him. She won’t realize it, and she will tell him.
, replaced by the chill Tony had been so desperately trying to ignore, the one that robbed him of sleep at night, the one that froze tears while they streamed down his cheeks, the one he still feels knocking at the windows demanding to be let in, to consume, biting at his bones.
“Carter and Ross are joining us, we need people to help contain the crowd.” She cuts off, words razor sharp. “Get in the Jet, Tony.”
, to his face, and he hadn’t felt one ounce of regret. Steve was goading him to a fight on purpose. And Tony snapped back— Christ, he snapped back, and told Steve he was no better than a lab rat, and Steve felt so angry, because
One more thing they have in common after all.
Tony knows Nebula doesn’t need his help. She might even beat him up herself for acting like she does. But it’s
“I don’t want you to be uncomfortable because of us.”
him. Something about the gesture seems both tentative and sure, like a comfort that has never before been accepted but now refuses to be ignored, something – Tony would call it friendly, but
That’s all that matters for her.
. The metal is charred black, distorted and ugly, and there’s a
Oh well. I guess we have more drama now.
How heavy the loss.
These days, Steve doesn’t have much strength to fight against his teammates. He doesn’t want to
“See?” Tony points at him, excited. “Steve understands.”
, of all people, for an answer – isn’t that just the cruelest of jokes? Him, who doesn’t know anything, apparently.
(She—)
“It’s not a fight, it’s a rescue.” Tony repeats the words echoing in his mind, hoping they will sound more convincing if he says them for them to hear, if he repeats them enough so they’ll feel true, and his heart will stop beating a troubled, worried tattoo against his cold sternum, threatening to crack his ribs with the sheer force of its pulse. “Listen. I’m not… I’m not gonna do that to her. I’m not gonna disagree, because she’s got a point. She won’t stand staying behind while we’re out there. And she can
Unexpected as in: Nick Fury, who was supposed to be
“You’re a good guy, Stevie.” Bucky says kindly, patting him on the shoulder. “Never change.”
Steve momentarily forgets Sam doesn’t know what they’re talking about. When he looks up and finds Sam still sitting down, looking at them as if they had just grown two heads each, Steve is almost tempted to ask if he’s waiting for someone to bring him a drink before they leave. It would probably sound a bit too sharp too, not enough amusement and too much impatience; but confused look in Sam’s face is enough to hold him back, to make him remember that Sam
Oh, God.
Tony doesn’t break it no matter how hard he wants to, because he doesn’t know what to say. He wats to get up and hug her, but it wouldn’t do any good.
“The marks on it.” Thor asks, voice distant as his thumb sweeps through the ring in slow, careful motions, eyes zeroed on it with the most burning intensity – and that is surprising, because from this distance, Tony can’t see any marks at all. Maybe a small dot or two on the top, that he had imagined might’ve been defects, but nothing he’d think is relevant in any way. “Who created them?”
He’ll try. Soon.
Steve was their leader, but he was never their
, goddammit, he will not rest until he can see it, he can make it, until it
“If Thor can travel to the forge, we don’t
“I’m asking where the fuck are you!” Tony snaps, because he can’t do this, he has no time for this, he – he can’t let Steve get hurt just because he’s being an asshole and refusing to admit he’s in a tight spot. People are shooting at him, he has no way of defending himself, how can Tony just stand, fly, hover,
, to convince them. “Before Thanos wiped half the universe out, Strange told me a message.”
He’d like to think he’s changed. He thinks he might have needed it.
He will.
He eats out, he goes to walks, he patrols. He thinks a lot, too.
“Is everything alright, Stevie?” Bucky asks softly, when he realizes there is something wrong with him. Maybe is the way he’s speaking. Maybe is the way he’s pausing.
for still another solution,
“Time to hear the verdict.” Tony tells Nebula, not as a command or a reminder, but a simple, crude remark of a fact. This is it. They need to talk about this. They need to know,
The pain in his voice is enough clue to how well that bargain had ended.
He knows what she means.
“Will do.”
it when I say the reason I can’t do this is
(A blade on his neck.)
He’s just… He’s just
But if there is something Steve has proven during his months of anonymity, is that
He wants to stop. He wants to fucking
But they can’t. She knows it. She knows it because Anthony was it, he was perfect and hers and she cannot replace him the same way she would replace a broken china cup or a torn-up doll. He’s not a mere object she would carry around like a prize, something to be shown off to rich snobs and pretentious people. He was her son. And she misses him like she would miss a limb, like something was cut off the moment he stopped breathing.
The phrase reaches his tongue in a second, rising up his throat so fast he almost bites his tongue trying to stop it from coming out. He manages, at the very last second, and feels the way his jaw twitches weirdly because of it. He doesn’t know if Maria notices it.
“Why not?” Tony forcibly asks. “Who is going to stop us?”
toppled by the curb… and no one is around.
And he did it.
“I know why.” He says, unkind. “Because for the past two years, no, even longer than that – you have done whatever
it was sometimes in his family home, Tony had his mother, as difficult as it might have been for them to simply
“So he won’t be going back to the Raft?” Clint insists, frantic.
But for now, this is it! Tony, my dear, I’ve missed you terribly. Sorry about that, but you’re gonna hurt for a while. For a good cause, I promise. For all of you who are desperate for our promised SteveTony reunion, fear not, it'll come eventually – but if you think I’m going to make it easy on them, think again. Thanos deals a hard blow, but their problems exist since way before that and I’m not using the space grape as an excuse to pretend five other movies haven’t happened. They have. And in this house, there will be no shoving our problems under the rug. You gotta learn how to use your words, boys. If we gotta do it the hard way, so be it.
Strange said—
“Other than how I’m wondering how much of their relationship was actually just the Stone bringing them together?” Barton sways, looking distinctly uncomfortable. “No, not at all.”
(Peter, turning into ash.)
The sound of the turbines has never felt so loud.
And the lack of a bite in his voice, the warm, delighted shine in gaze, the boyish
(He’ll bring his kid back.)
He certainly did.
People have called Tony selfish all his life.
“For real?” Clint blinks owlishly. “Shit, sorry. Didn’t think he was saving them.”
I'm sorry for the wait, and I'm sorry if the chapter quality seems a bit off, but right now, I hope this is okay, and I hope you are okay. I love you all, and I'll see you soon.
“After we gather some information about what’s happening out there first-hand, we bring samples and start working on a solution for this. Tell me what you need to make some tests, and I’ll pick it all up when I can so we can start this as soon as possible.”
” Shuri asks, slapping her hands on her hips indignantly. “What are you going to do? Wear that old thing to battle?” She points back to somewhere behind him, and he turns around and—
out, isn’t it?
Tony can taste the desperation inside the Quinjet, the quick breathing and the skittish gazes, the clenching of hands and the jittery knees – there’s eleven people in this cabin, and the last time Tony fought with at least one of them was years ago, and they weren’t even fighting with each other, they were fighting
because I don’t love you, but because I have my
“The Chitauri also seemed like they had a different kind of metal, but after SHIELD collected the weapons it was all regular metal boosted up with Infinity Stone juice.” Tony shrugs, crossing his arms defensively. He hopes no one asks why he was reading reports on Chitauri metal in the first place.
for revenge.
But his lips won’t move. He cannot speak.
Thor hasn’t… he hasn’t said a word.
“Like he’s their final host?” Bruce suggests.
But then—
Like the
To very truthful, up until now I have only grazed the surface of Tony's character. Barely made a scratch. I've been aching to write a more in-depth analysis of him, but the need to lay down the scenario held me back - and if I want to make this work, I can't hold back at all.
“Maybe.” Bruce shrugs. “It could have been anything. It would make
and Steve had had no
their staring contest apart, and finds Rhodey with eyes zeroed on the bandages on his torso as he speaks, before his eyes flicker back up, concerned. “You jumped inside a spaceship and were
And yet, he pulls in air, and it’s like it doesn’t fill him.
“Not everyone.” Tony rebuffs, which is stupid, because what he meant to say is that he
He’s so grateful for Shuri’s help, despite her insistence in keeping them apart at first. It’s not like doesn’t understand where she was coming from – it was just… difficult to accept, when she said it. He was still feeling so raw from the loss. From the fight. Keeping Bucky around made him feel like he was
If Tony was a little calmer, he would ask them to slow down. If Tony was anyone else at all, he would have told them that and asked them for a little room to breathe.
He was right.
, oh God, why the fuck did he do this?
Only Sam and Natasha are going with him. Clint, Wanda and Scott only nod and make agreement noises when he informs them, understanding; but Sam never cared much for Steve’s whole
“It’s a hospital, of course not.” Tony automatically replies, falling into the familiar rhythm of arguing back and forth, of bringing up options and shooting them down at an almost instinctive pace. “And I wouldn’t be able to jump with my stomach cut open like a birthday cake anyway. Did you see any elevators around here?”
with shame.
But Steve doesn’t want a shield.
. We have no idea if someone had it first, or what it does.”
And for the kids.
“Gonna go looking for a boyfriend, Mr. Stark?”
“You brought Sam as your reinforcement?” Steve sneers, unthinking, ignoring the way Sam makes an offended sound.
They are all in the room, coincidentally, because they haven’t been out the entire day. They are going over some plans and checking new information they recently gathered, making plans for their next stop when they leave Scotland in a few days. According to Natasha, there is something worth checking out in the Philippines, but it would mean making a long journey and they need to make sure they have all they need to make the trip, or else it would be too risky.
“Is that your way of tellin’ us you want us to leave?” Rocket asks, easing back into his position on the table.
“We went on a date.” He admits, quietly, and suddenly, Steve’s entire body goes cold.
(There was another option.)
For a second, the word
“I lost my kid, and I’m gonna do
in his grasp.
He can do it.
at the projection board, without actually seeing it, because he can’t muster any brainpower to focus on anything other than how absolutely
Until there’s a loud crack, like a burst of static inside a sound box, and finally,
(You almost signed it too.)
; Because here he is, exposing the flaws and wires of the foundation of this team they are so willing to place their bets on, ripping them open to showcase the soft, fragile insides that are so easy to hurt, mere moments after he tried so hard to give them hope.
But that was not a choice.
“He is
He’s tired of feeling shitty, he’s tired of being
Tony can see a tiny flinch wreck through Natasha and Rogers at the mention of Vision – or Ultron, who knows –, but it’s the shudder and the lowering of Thor’s gaze that strikes him as odd, and Tony frowns, but can’t be sure if he should ask or not what that meant.
Natasha’s shoulders drop again, as the quick anger dissipates from within her, leaving only the lingering ache of sadness behind. Steve watches her and for the very first time, he realizes how
“They wanted to, but no one dared.” Nebula darkly admits. “I wouldn’t leave you unprotected. I told them so, and they stood down.”
It hurts. It hurts to hear that, to feel it so deeply in his own body because he – he
“That’s not a fair bet.” Steve complains, but he’s smiling too. “I’ve been asleep for seventy years, I haven’t been up to the economy lately. I heard the inflation is pretty high.”
(This entire time.)
Or he thinks she does. In part. Maybe fully. Tony isn’t sure. She teased him about it once, just once, but it was a joke.
getting better. Despite it all, they do find themselves into a routine, into an almost unconscious acceptance and synchrony with each other’s habits, even when those habits are strange. They even find common ground in strangeness sometimes – Like Natasha and Bruce and their mutual love for super spicy food, Thor and Clint’s loud cheering for the NBA games playing on the big screen, and, yes, even Tony and Steve’s
just… disappeared. There has been no explanation, no rhyme or reason to the devastating loss that everyone had just been forced to experience.
Me and Nat laugh at him as we bob up and down to the rhythm of the music, singing along with the chorus of thugs.
"Why now? Of all the days why tomorrow?"
And my goiter
"Okay then. See ya kids. Do as your teacher says and have fun!" He escapes through the vents before I can kick him. Flash is the first one to break from the shock.
"Who's is the stuffed tiger in my room? I found it in my bed last night." Steve directs a gaze at Tony who scratches the back of neck nervously.
I must confess I still believe- Still belie—'
9.   Be home by 11 on a school night if on patrol, 12 on a weekend.
"Yes?" I clarify.
It's prom night and I am lonely, lo and behold
"Guys come on. I can't."
"Morguna? You in there? It's lunch time." A child with long, brown hair and a small stature comes crawling out of the tent holding out her palm with a tiny, homemade iron man glove.
"I'll be right back." He returns with the Iron man gauntlet on. Soon enough Rhodey is trying as well.
19. Don't go into the labs/ training rooms without permission.
"Tyler? Wake up. You're safe." My eyes peel open slowly and I hiss at the brightness in the room. The light dims and a flash of red fills my vision before I'm enveloped in a massive hug.
"Tyler I think you should stop. You've been on there for 2 hours. You need a break kiddo." Tony. I don't listen to them. I put my headphones back in and crank it up to full speed. I need to get rid of this feeling. I run. I run until I can't feel my legs and my knees buckle from under me. I fall and go flying as the machine throws me off. I groan in pain as I lay on the padded floor, panting for breath. I look around to see everyone has gone, well almost everyone. I can hear the sound of aggressive knuckles up against the leather of the punching bag coming from the other side of the gym. I haul myself to my feet and move towards the sound. Feeling slightly relived and curious when I saw it was Natasha. I pull my phone out to check the time. It's 1 in the morning. What the hell is she doing up? I shake the thought as I walk calmly over to where the spare bags are lying on the floor, picking one up casually and clipping it to the ceiling, beginning to hit it with no protection on my hands. The redhead looks over at me with wide eyes.
"Why you little." I launch myself at him but he grabs me with ease, throwing me over his shoulder, running towards the house.
"Oh come on." He says, throwing his hands in the air. Tony laughs slightly.
"What's going on?" Steve asks as he bursts through the door. Ii let out a strangled yelp and cling onto Clint, holding fistfuls of his shirt, refusing to let go. His hand starts rubbing my back.
Around 10 minutes later, Dad taps me on the shoulder.
"Help." Is all I'm able to say before my body moves at its own will. I crash land in a place I've never seen before. A dark dingy apartment that looks unlived in. I move to take a step forward but I'm moving again before my foot touches the ground. I'm in my room in Nat's house, MJ already standing there. She grabs my hand and leads me over to the bed, pushing me to lie down and places a wet cloth on my forehead. Lying down next to me and hugging me from behind.
"Wish I could say the same about you Spider-Boy." Once Tony had set Peter down on his feet, we make a decision to head down to the gym, get some training in so they can see what we've got. I change out of my attire and run to my room to grab some gym wear. I come out wearing cropped leggings, a sports bra and a short vans t shirt. I say that like it's all new. The vans t shirt was an old shirt that I cut in half. I stole the sports bra and I've gotten too tall for the leggings but it works. I go back to where we were to see the boys ready, awaiting my arrival. I say my hellos and then yet another bottle of water was thrown at my face, luckily, this time, I'd seen it coming. I catch it in my left hand and turn to face the goateed man.
"Babe, chill, we've got plenty of time and if it's anything like I remember it, it doesn't particularly run on clockwork." She shakes her head and connects her lips to mine.
"Stop talking now, I don't want to accidentally stab you with the scissors." The process starts over. I can remember almost the same scenario 6 months ago. I didn't realise how much time had passed because next thing I know, Dad's stepping away, telling me to see if I like it. Which I do. It's short on the sides but long on the top, just how I like it.
"Shut it Spidey." I push his arm off and flatten the shoulder of my suit. I look over the room, reception now in full swing. I was, obviously, wearing a slate grey suit along with my dad, Peter and Wade. MJ was wearing a red dress similar to the one she was wearing at my parents wedding, yeah we know it's not the traditional wedding dress but all the bridesmaids (Natasha, Wanda, MJ's assistant Jessica, Jamie, Liz Allen and Shuri) were wearing white dresses in all different cuts with small personalised to them. The groomsmen were just an excuse for my uncles to walk down the isle (Clint, Bruce, Bucky, Thor, Loki) along with our best friend from high school Ned. Morgan and Natasha and Clint's 2 daughters were flower girls and their son was the ring bearer. Peter stands and walks over to where the microphone is set up.
My sneer could curdle dairy
"Pete, no. you don't have to. You're not ready."
"Are you seriously studying?" Dad asks, sitting in the deck chair beside me, his trade mark shades resting on his face.
'Cause I'm just a teenage dirt bag, baby
"Which one are you talking about?" He asks. I scan over the list once again before answering.
"Oh I don't know. We're odd socks." I joke. "Can I go take a look outside, I didn't really see much of it driving passed."
"Jarvis mute." Everyone was sister shook. Even Arron.
"Packs a mean punch for something so small."
"No buts Tyler, I know you didn't eat lunch today. Eat." I say nothing more but shovel the food into my mouth. 10 bites later I stand abruptly only to be stopped by Steve.
"Yes, of course. Any preferred age group, gender?"
"No thanks Jarv, I think they'll know soon enough." I comment with a laugh. Peter drives over the slate slowly, the stones crunching under the wheels of the car before parking it professionally beside dad's Ferrari. The three of us clamber out of the car, a little stiff from the 3 hour drive, grabbing our bags from the trunk. Just as it slams shut, the front door opens. I look over to see dad standing there, his million dollar smile plastered on his face. I grin back and launch myself into my father's arms, hugging him tightly. He returns the hug, pulling my brother into the embrace as well. I hear MJ taking pictures but I really don't care.
"Whoa." Me and Peter breath together, taking in the house before us. Pepper turns to us grinning.
We've got a dream
"I suppose I never really won mother of the year did I?" I crack a smile at her lame joke.
We've been down this road before
Tony coughs awkwardly behind me. I pivot on my back foot in order to face him.
"Did somebody say pancakes?" He asks. "Morning мама паук." He kisses Nat on the cheek before taking a seat on the other side of MJ.
"Now you may leave." The rush was even worse than usual, everyone was excited about the trip. Me, Peter and Ned meet up with MJ on our way to our lockers. Wade wasn't in today he was.. Busy with his 'job'. Ned and Peter were talking about the trip the whole way.
"No but thank you." I walk towards the kitchen area and see Tony shaking the coffee maker. I clear my throat to make my presence known. His head snaps in my direction and he gives me a small smile.
"Thank you." Blake chokes out. My fingers run through the ends of her hair and I hush her gently.
"I can count your ribs Дорогой." I shake my head.
, but it never comes.
He’s usually the last one to get there, because it’s his name on the contracts, so he schmoozes more than anyone else, but it’s fine. He likes that, he likes seeing his
It’s dark outside.
(Don’t think about the kid. Don’t think about Pepper either. Not yet.)
(Bucky is the second.)
“It won’t be enough.” Tony whispers, dejectedly, the catastrophe flashing in front of his eyes, the all-consuming fear latching onto his mind like a parasite, the paranoia, now, made true. “Trying to curb this won’t be enough.”
He loves her. There is so much he would do to keep her happy.
He’s been trying to keep up with the Accords because now it is
The comment sounds strange and off place, and Steve doesn’t know what to make of it. “I don’t know how you were able to draw that conclusion from this—”
(And he doesn’t even know.)
as soon as he’s able to, because there is nothing that could have stopped him from reaching out to the best friend he thought he lost forever less than a few hours ago. There isn’t a single force in this universe, no matter how powerful or vengeful, that could have stopped them from being reunited.
“There’s a lot of people.” Pepper informs. “A lot of them injured. Some are gathering in public places, but I have no idea how many people are scattered across the city, maybe even trapped by the rubble from the accidents.”
Steve doesn’t sleep that night.
He’s not.
, he said. He probably believed it, too. For all of Tony’s hopes for a brighter future, despite his borderline naïve desires sometimes, he is a Stark, and Stark men are always taught to see the worst, sometimes even before it arrives.
Sam, standing directly behind Steve, is the one who asks the question Steve can’t find in himself the strength to utter:
The last time Steve saw Vision, they were fighting. The last time Steve saw Vision, he and
But he never even got the chance to try.
“I don’t like this, Tony. I don’t like this at all.”
“At least he didn’t finish the job.” Barton offers.
much. He was just— He was… He was trying to save the last connection he had to his old life. How is that wrong!? How is that bullshit!? He wanted— Christ, is that
“It does, but that doesn’t mean it was her fault! People act as if she did something unforgivable. As if she’d done it on purpose.” Steve argues, exhaustedly, tired of repeating it over and over again, only to have his words ignored and his beliefs treated as irrational. “It was an accident.”
with the inescapable feeling that all his teammates are changing around him and he can’t stop it, that all of them… all of them are suffering, in their own way, silently and bitterly, like they are all rotting from the inside, being swallowed whole by their doubts and their regrets, and he can’t
“Self-sustainable?” Nebula asks, unsurprisingly sharp, and Tony tries very hard not to think about how half her body is made of metal, and she is probably just as familiar with inner workings of mechanic body parts as he is. Maybe more. Even more than that, he tries not to think what it means, that she is so casual about mentioning removing a part of it, as if she knows exactly what she’s asking of Tony,
“I think you’re
(Oh God.)
Steve tries to convince him not to.
in Rhodey’s face, but they’re friends now. Friendly, at least. It’s hard, talking to Steve – it doesn’t take long for Tony to realize the guy
, the… the
And it works.
What’s stopping them from leaving?
“That’s just running away from the responsibility.” Steve argues. “We can’t just retire and pretend we don’t see the danger when it’s there. We can’t sit by and wait. I wouldn’t blame Bruce for retiring, but I don’t have to agree and tell you that’s what I should’ve done. I
He really doesn’t want the Wakandans declaring war on them right now.
He could hear the sound of metal hitting metal. His shield was vibrating in his hands with each blow, like it was getting heavier and heavier, and Steve almost couldn’t stand its weight.
“Why would I leave in the middle of battle!”
“I am sorry.” He says, mutedly. “I did not know.”
we didn’t listen to you and you got
, even so,
This is Pepper, testing the tug. Pepper is twisting the rope in her hands, uncertain, hesitating between pulling closer or letting it slip through her fingers.
Ms. Carter purses her lips ever so slightly, pondering, looking over at the computer – at Tony – with a mildly unconvinced but pensive expression.
“You have his shield?” Bruce asks, innocuous enough – but the answer is not innocuous at
A whole new different type of hollow; Not the kind he felt before when he first woke up, when all he could feel was that sour, vile sensation of abandonment, of a missed chance, of being left behind—
Well, maybe he
There is a long silence between them. Shuri watches without a word as Steve very visibly relaxes his shoulders, forcing himself to lose his defensive stance, purposefully giving him a few moments to calm down. When he does, she nods, as if they reached some sort of agreement Steve wasn’t even aware they were looking for, but he guesses that’s fine. He can compromise. For Bucky. Shuri is the one treating him so he might as well do as she says, just for now.
He knows how this
And then—
, but Tony does care for him. He cares a lot. So yes, they go to dinner, and Tony starts spending more time with Steve as he catches up with the movies he lost, as he brings up questions after finishing one of the many history books he has bought, as Tony gifts him a phone and they spend hours arguing over whether he should have a Twitter account or not. It’s so ridiculously
"Do you?" I ask with a slight gasp. She grins at me.
And that is how I find myself sat in a makeup chair, Wanda putting the coloured powder on my eye lids whilst Natasha flicks through my outfit choices.
"They need structure Tony." Tony didn't argue and he started mumbling under his breath. Steve smiled at us.
"Where to kid?" She asks, spinning around to face me. I shrug.
"They hurt me." I reply, shrugging. Her eyes narrowed and she looked ready to murder.
"It's perfect. Thank you." I hug him and he hugs me back. Steve soon realises that we're hugging without him and doesn't hesitate to join.
"Yes honey, that's your sister." No more words were said as the young girl wraps her tiny arms around my neck. I hesitantly wrap mine around her back and wait until she pulls away. Once she does I stand up straight, opening my arms for my mom. She gladly accepts my hug.
"10 more bites then you can leave."
"Then we should have no problems." Tony starts cracking up, leaning back in his chair, clapping his hands. Steve sighs happily.
"I know you all hate me but. He holds a bag up. "I went to get some things. I'm so sorry for storming out. I support the pair of you wholeheartedly. It was just a shock. I know I screwed up. I'm sorry." I just stare at him for a while before looking at Pete, we nod and jump out of our chairs, attacking Steve in a hug which he returns.
"And I'm full, may I be excused please?" Tony speaks up this time.
"You live here?" Blake asks looking out of the window with awe.
"Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Okay. Okay. That's enough. Put her down. There we go."
We don't get nearer or further or closer
"Good night again, Angel." I smile.
"Baby." He all but yells, pulling me off his back and into a bone crushing hug.
13. No girls/boys in bedrooms with doors shut.
I zone out for most to the case. In my defence, my mind was on other things. Like the fact that my mother, a woman I haven't seen in over 10 years is sitting less than 5 feet away from me. And the thought of having to go back to her. The judge gains my attention when he calls my mom up to the stand. I take my time to study her as she sits there. She looks different. More matured. Her blonde hair was no longer dyed crazy colours, her facial piercing had gone along with the tattoos on her hands, her posture had changed and her bright green eyes were no longer bloodshot or glazed over form the booze she had just consumed. I barely recognised her.
I have dreams like you, no really
"It is currently 9:12 am. The temperature outside is 34 degrees Celsius." The robotic voice replied. I whistle under my breath. 'God it's gonna be hot.' I think as I start to get dressed.
"I'll see you tomorrow. Bye Tyler."
"Now, I don't really know what kind of chocolate or movies you like so I just raided my floor and I'm going to send Clint shopping so, what do you want?" I stand there gobsmacked. No one has ever even giving me anything because of it. I peer inside of the bag to see a collection of chocolate bars, ice cream and brownies. Along with the notebook, titanic and dumb and dumber. I look up at the woman standing in front of me. I throw myself into her arms.
"Would you guys stop arguing? I'm trying to sleep here." I mumble, my face buried in the pillow. One of the voices scoffs.
"Hey!"
"Let's go get some food before Peter devours it all." I leave the room, eager to find some form of comfort, whether it be my brother or hell I'd even take one of Bruce's hugs right now. I sit in my seat at the table, between Clint and Loki. The latter was not here today, something about Thor being an idiot and needing his help on Asgard
"How about some breakfast Clint?" He gets the hint as he leaves the room, closing the door behind him. The redhead sits on the edge of the bed, looking at me intensely.
Asking God if He could play it again.'
"I'm proud of you kid. Just next time don't even let him get a punch in." He gestures to my slightly bruised cheek.
"No I'm good thanks Jarv."
"Oh so my behaviour won't be tolerated but it's okay for that little piece of shit to be a transphobic asshole to me and my brother? That's okay is it?"
"Why don't you like eating Tyler?" He asks straight out. My breath catches in my throat as I think of a way to lie myself out of this one.
"Flash Thompson, level 1."
"Tyler! Are you almost done?" Dad shouts.
"It's okay Buck. I know what it feels like to not be in control of your own mind. But really I'm fine. You didn't even hurt me that much." He sighs in relief before enveloping me in a tight hug, whispering thank you over and over again. I pull away standing up.
"The garage Huh?" I say, standing and shifting her so she's comfortable on my hip. "Daddy like playing in the garage too, so does Petey." The 3 year old lightens up when I say my brother's name. I laugh. "Yes Morgan. He's here." I walk back to the house with her in my grip, just getting to the door when the gate opens and a Blue Beetle rolls through. I put Morgan on the floor, ushering her inside.
"Rogers." I sneer, glaring at the blonde super soldier. The stare down continues for a minute longer.
"Yeah, we're back kiddo. Why don't we go home? You can tell us all about your adventures there huh?" Dad asks, brushing my hair off my sweaty forehead.
It has been too long since I last saw you and I suppose I'm the only one to blame for that. I am so sorry my song. I was so drunk on love, I couldn't see what I had right in front of me. I am very aware that no amount of 'I'm sorry's is going to change anything unless I prove it to you and well, that's what I'm going to do. I met a man, Melly, so sweet and kind, we've been married for 7 years. I have a family now. I'm a changed woman and I want you back. I need you back. You're my little girl, even though you're probably not so little anymore. I want you to meet your new step-father and little sister's. We can be a proper little family Mel, the one you always dreamed of us being. Tell the step in Daddies that you'll be hearing from my lawyer's pretty soon. I can't wait to have you back song. I love you Darling.
I really want to make a love connection
"I thought it was your turn to pay attention."
"Hey guys. Room for one more?" I ask, accepting the hug that Natasha offers. I sit down next to her and she wraps her arm around me, holding me close.
Well that night, it was far from good.
"Two pancakes all around. Then school. You guys are going to be late else." All 4 of us groan with distain. We're all in senior year now with only a few months before finals. It's pointless anyway, when you work with Tony Stark himself, the level that they give us to work at is child's play. But one look at the assassin's face had us all shutting up.
"No Pete a little more to the left. Down perfect." It's finally the day. Today is our 1 year adopt-aiversary. I still don't know where Papa got the name from but it's stuck. Me and Peter are currently hanging up a banner (no not Bruce) above the stage area. We made it ourselves, with a little help from a certain metal armed assassin. Peter climbs down the ladder and stands next to me, his arm going around my shoulder.
"Guys, before we sign anything, if it's alright with you, we'd like to know about your past." My face drops and I can tell Peter's does as well. Steve quickly backtracks. "Not because  it will change our minds, we just want to know if we need lawyers or-" Steve was cut off by Tony covering his mouth.
"Shit, Ty do you have any clothes I can borrow?" MJ asks as she stands up, stretching out her arms.
"How may I assist you Miss Tyler? Would you like me to inform Boss of your current state?"
Ben and May Parker.
"Alright drama queen, how- Oh hey Steve." Whatever the billionaire was going to say was cut off when the super soldier entered the room, his blond hair still wet from the shower. He gives me a smile which I return and grabs a smoothie out of the fridge. He notices Tony's pout.
"Come on, let's get inside, you can get settled in to your rooms then, if you're up to it, you can meet the family." Me and MJ lead both of them through the halls of the house, MJ giving a full blown tour the whole way around. We land outside of the two rooms we'd set up since we were approved just in case. I place Lexie on her feet and give her an encouraging nudge to open the door. The walls are painted a light purple colour with glow in the dark stars on the ceiling. There's a child size table with all sorts of crafty bits in the plastic draws next to them, a bunkbed sits in the far corner, one with princess bedding, the other with superhero bedding. In the other corner is a massive toy box, filled to the brim thanks to Tony's credit card. Lexie runs around the room with wide eyes, launching herself at me and my wife.
"Well level 1 is for guests like yourself. Level 2 is for press and higher up visitors. 3 is for janitors and cooks. 4 is for low level interns. 5 is for higher level interns. 6 is for the Avengers visitors that aren't here that often like Princess Shuri and Antman's daughter. Level 7 is for the Avengers and level 8 is strictly for Mr and Mr Stark-Rogers, Miss Potts and 2 other unidentified people. I have a level 5 pass so I'm only allowed into certain labs and floors." Arron hands everyone a badge only to find that he is 5 short.
"Pancakes, flowers."
"Yup. We just need to pick MJ up on the way then we can hit the road." I explain readjusting my bag on my shoulder.
"Can we watch the movie now? We can't watch the next one until we've finished this one and I really want to watch the next one."
"You know me Lils. What's the point of living if you don't do it on the edge." She yet again rolls her eyes at my comment but doesn't say anything. Wise woman.
"Bubble bath please Jarvis."
"Tyler?" Tony's voice was harsher than Steve's. "Look at us young lady." I lift my head slowly expecting to see anger but surprisingly all I see is concern. Tears well up in my eyes.
The 'Party floor' as we called it was already packed with Avengers and family by the time I got there. Clint's sister and three kids were there along with Scott Lang's daughter. I spot Peter, MJ, Ned and Wade in the far corner talking to Bruce. Deciding to sneak up on Wade, I talk a running jump at the boy, attaching myself to him like a baby koala.
Ooh yeah, dirt bag
"Good Morning Miss Tyler, are you feeling better?" I smile.
They got a dream
"You're a good kid Tyler. Now go get ready, you'll be late else." I salute him and stand up, heading towards my room to get changed. I pull on my black ripped jeans and a Queen T shirt with Steve's jacket. I put in my ear spikes and my trademark choker around my neck. Before brushing my fingers through my hair and pulling on my Black Widow converse. I walk back out to the living room to see Pete sat there with a red and blue backpack at his feet, practically bouncing with excitement. Steve sees me come in.
"Trickster in her own right."
"What if they decide that they don't love me anymore? What if they kick me out? Where will I go?" All these questions were whirling around my head. There was no escape.
'I was riding shotgun with my hair undone in the front seat of his car,
"You'll be fine baby." I lean back onto the merc's chest, enjoying the warmth I found there. We spend the next 2 hours or so conversing with the other Avengers. Wanda already claimed that she was my Aunt as well as Natasha, Bruce and Thor claimed the Uncle positions along with Sam and Clint. And Loki, well Loki told me he could be whatever I want whenever I needed. His exact words were: "If you need a mother's touch that's exactly what I'll be. If you need the guidance of an older sister, or an older brother to beat up the bullies, I'll be there. If you need a furry friend to help you fall asleep. Or if you just need comfort, I'll always be here for you." It was strange but oddly comforting, not that I'd ever admit that to him.
“If you need me—”
the armor, at her own will. The closest thing to this he’s ever had was when she shoved her hand into the gauntlet of his broken suit to fire at Aldrich Killian, to save his life, and to this day, is one of Tony’s most powerful memories, one he guards fondly, although he’ll never admit it, because it makes him feel…
Steve shakes his head incredulously, unconsciously averting his gaze again, but Sam immediately pulls him back. “I’m serious.” He insists, “If you say you don’t wanna hear it, you don’t wanna hear it. I’ll respect that. But just so you know, I do have an opinion about it. You tell me if you wanna hear it or not.”
They’re gonna have to take it back.
He won’t ask. He’s not sure if he can. The last time he’d seen her, they fought without pulling punches, and parted ways unsure where their relationship stood. He doesn’t know if she’s here as a friend, or a foe. “What are you doing here?”
when Rhodey sounds
She gives him a soft, miserable look, the bag under her eyes deep and purple, skin with a sickly sheen over her cheekbones, hair in disarray and lips dry, and she still takes his breath. The bags under her eyes can’t hide the beauty of the blue in her irises. She pale tone of her skin does nothing to take away from the striking color of her hair. She looks ethereal and human at the same time. Tony sees – Tony sees
Natasha cocks her head to the side, looking at him, as if she knows exactly what he’s thinking, but her face betrays absolutely nothing.
(But why did you?)
“Let’s get to work.” He says.
know about them without Lang being here. Pym kept those things very well-hidden, and no one could get their hands on a sample, even if they tried. There’s no way of knowing what else he was hiding under his mattress.”
Because he had.
He hadn’t been. At first.
The others make varying noises of confusion and wariness behind him, especially Lang, who very frightfully asks
could possibly destroy something like that hammer? A weapon that most people couldn’t even
will. That video has Peter, and the Guardians, and Strange, it’s literally—
(You knew, and you let him go!)
; And although it feels like too much, like something too intimate, to look
unfair of him.
That’s all she needs. As long as he’s her son, that’s all she needs to know.
T’Challa schools his facial expression into something more appropriate, a smile demurer and kinder, wiser and more respectful, but it is too late. Steve has seen something behind that smile that makes his skin crawl, a slight suspicion that T’Challa knows something Steve doesn’t, he
“It’s less than half.” Tony whispers horrified, rising to his feet. He accidentally pushes Nebula when he does, but he doesn’t feel it at all.
They are not organized. They – All these people, they’re not here for a
“That’s who you are.”
“We have.” Steve answers, stiff and tense, as he always is.
“Got it.” Nebula calls, startling him – and
Steve nods, and the conversation dies so awkwardly it’s nearly painful. It’s ridiculous, the situation they’re in – long gone are the days where they used to be at each other’s throats, actually, Steve is now his friend, one of his
Tony might have had time to get used to the idea that the rest of the Avengers are back, sort of, but the general public certainly hasn’t. They don’t even have the press or gossip blogs and magazines to mass-produce quick and assertive headlines monitoring the reaction of the public, nor the reliability of Stark Industries PR and marketing department to analyze how the news of his old teammates back on Us soil were received. As far as Tony knows, as far as
I would never be a part of it. So I tried to kill her.”
Steve doesn’t reply. He has nothing to say about that anymore.
“You do not attack the entire universe the way he has done it and expect people will not fight back.” Thor agrees, if not too displeased about it.
Pepper opens her mouth, ready to scream, her usually meticulous composure completely shattered by the wrecking of the past days, the poorly concealed, agonizing uncertainty, the fear of being alone, of losing anyone else, so raw it nearly reminds of a burn directly to the skin. Searing, stinging. Painful.
Pepper’s eyes go unfocused, lost deep inside her memories, and Tony knows the question is probably much harder to answer than it should be, that she’s probably completely out of touch with time, that the hours blurred together so messily in her panic and anxiety that the past, the present and the future are no more than muddy water, than grime and mud, a mess that’s almost impossible to clean and make clear again.
The Captain raises his eyes, that shine with the color of the ocean, and he growls the word Antonio has come to learn means, in his language, a name he would have never expected to receive for himself.
I hope you enjoy this chapter, friend! Once again, it's very nice to be back, sorry for the wait, and here's to another year of great stories, meta, debates, and a lot angst ;)
, the boy in front of the hospital, and his stomach drops straight to the sole of his feet at the idea that inside those cars, there might have been bodies, and the mob simply set them on fire along with everything else, like the scorched remains inside the airplane—
“That doesn’t make sense.” Rogers argues, his face pinched in confusion, as if he’s struggling to keep up. “We never saw Wanda display any… prophetic abilities—”
Tony looks
“No need to be jealous, man.” Sam murmurs behind his coffee cup, smiling. “I’m not going down that road, I know better than to mess with the Black Widow.”
Wind resistance changes from place to place, also altitude and climate, but in a worst-case scenario…”
“Something that will explain why you are the one the Infinity Stones are trying to reach.”
I don't expect the movie to show the reality of it, because the reality is dangerous. It is, after all, just a movie. They would never put actors and famous people in a situation where they could actually get hurt; but once you craft a story that will use reality as an argument, and you use a place I am intimately familiar with in one of your films - I think I have the right to point out something very, very important that you missed: The Accords are built by governors, from a desire that foreigners should respect their sovereignty. Which, to anyone with no trust in governments, or that's used to being well-received rather than suspected, might sound shoddy and mistrustful. So let me tell you something about a special kind of sovereignty; the sovereignty built by people, and the means they are willing to use, to maintain it.
Tony sees them, almost as if he’s watching this all from a television, like an out-of-body experience, as his body locks up and the breath that leaves him sounds like his soul letting out an anguished sound, confused and lost, merely a feeling, with no sound. It’s shocking how his nerves can be so itchy and tender but his body so numb, how can relief and dread entwine together like two threads that look exactly alike, and he can’t tell which one is which, or where one ends and the other begins. Maybe they’re not separate at all. Maybe it is just one long, inescapable wave of indivisible emotions, a giant dam of it overflowing after too much pressure applied from the other side, a
“HYDRA has a little secret they call the Winter Soldier Project. Very top secret. Very dangerous.” He says in a business-like tone. An almost emotionless tone. “We have information on an ex-soldier of the Soviet Forces, a man named Vasily Karpov. He was a colonel for the army before he was recruited by HYDRA, and according to sources he’s directly involved to the Winter Soldier Project.”
It’s… probably not a good sign that he feels
“So do I.” Tony admits, and it feels like glass is stuck to his throat. “But it doesn’t change anything. He still would have done it. And I still would have done it. So in the end, we always end up
And Tony exhales far too harshly from his nostrils, eyes suddenly burning and a painful pressure building on his forehead and nose, a rush of emotion that threatens to spill unbidden down his cheeks, an old, bitter resentment and fear rearing its head from the depth of his chest, ready to strike. The anxiety that never fully abates, only sleeps, only waits; Until the next moment, the next beat.
“How are you this ignorant to the most basic Captain America info out there?”
, he had taken
in there made a difference.”
The world is quiet.
Tony stops before he can fire his next attack. “Is that a pun?”
“And what’s your excuse?”, he teases, but his joke falls short. His hurried, stumbling steps and his breathless voice give away every single bit of the vulnerability that aches inside him, and no matter what he does, he can’t pull it back.
He stops abruptly as if startled, cradling his mug between his hands with surprising care. He seems to hesitate for a second, his toes wriggling on the cold floor,
Rocket seems to choke on his own words, eyes gleaming dangerously with tears, before he says, in a whisper, “Did he—?”
, be in
“Yeah, he told me he’s leaving.” Steve simply replies.
Oh, shit. Is she
It came up in a conversation and it just… escalated from there. They go to MIT, then to Tony’s favorite ice cream shop – that luckily is still around –, Tony gets them both gigantic scoops and then they just walk around.
“Yeah, I
“But I have to say… That when the day comes that you agree with the Accords, my friend.” He says. “I doubt I will be the one to give you the news.”
about what he destroyed – to allow himself to think only about how he will fix it,
“And we’ll be safer here,
Their silence has weight and depth, like an entire conversation, suffocated by discomfort, waves of mixed feelings floating through the air. They stare and
So Tony pulls him in for a kiss.
in a way the Court never is, never has been, not since Antonio could remember. Their music thumps directly into his chest, drums and flutes played with vigor and strength, and it should be disturbing, maybe even scary, but it’s… not.
“I’d say you did, Captain.” T’Challa echos, and even with his impassive expression and calm tone, Steve feels profoundly
What is it about this, about this fight, about this moment, that he can’t let go of!?
“No, Tony.” Pepper says, in a small sigh. “It’s okay, I can help them from here.”
” Sam breathes out shakily “That’s going to mess him up forever. Can’t even imagine what that must feel like. I’m so sorry.”
He doesn’t know how long he stands there, watching a motionless Bucky—his best friend, once more silent, once more frozen, and it kills him inside to see him like that. He doesn’t deserve it. No one deserves it. It shouldn’t be like this.
“I thought he would be smaller.”
Tony thought he was in the bathroom. He even left a note. The door was closed, and he thought he heard water running –
bad.)
It’s almost midnight when he’s done. Maria is still awake, as she usually is these days, sitting in a chair of the kitchen with a tiny cup of tea in her hands. She flips through a magazine absentmindedly, her nails scratching under the lines printed on the pages, just scamming the articles without really reading any of them. Her lips are in a thin line. Her hair is loose, thrown against her left shoulder. She looks incredibly tired.
“Rhodey, I need you to cover Cap. He’s moving down the entrance—"
And they weren’t there.
He just doesn’t know
“By choice?”
But only for a second.
It has to be possible.
(There’s no version of this we walk away free.)
I won't blame you, if you do. To be honest, I don't think it'll ever be enough because the damage has already been done. Once bitten, twice shy.
“What?” Tony reels back, surprised.
“I did the same thing, you know.” Sam mumbles, like a shameful confession. “When Riley fell. I thought it was my fault. What kind of partner was I, if I let my wingman fall and I couldn’t do a goddamn thing?”
Tony had seen Bucky stand behind Steve with a gun on his eyes, guarded and scared, so, so scared, so afraid Tony had followed them to Siberia to continue the fight. Bucky’s mind had been
There’s too many of them, and Thor and Tony have to be fast, and, more importantly,
, from seven different points in the same room. No, Tony doesn’t want to deal with that right now. He’s hating himself enough for now without the added commentary from the third parties.
Happy 2020, everybody! Did you miss me? I certainly missed you! I am so happy to be back! We are finally here after a very long pause, I am very eager to get back into it, and we better not waste any time before going back into that sweet, sweet angst we've all been needing.
“Iron Man.” Natasha replies, as calm and precise as ever. “Sorry for the wait. How is it going?”
“Well, you’re not the best at picking up emotional cues.” Natasha drawls.
putting yourself directly into their hands and you wanna talk to me about
, and Thanos took
“Maybe they’re not.” Rhodey shrugs. “Maybe Bruce has a point. They’re just trying to protect themselves.”
She helps him wrap new bandages across his torso, once they have cleaned the blood and fixed a torn stitching. Nebula also checks his knees because of his fall, prodding at them gently, and the hiss Tony gives is sharp and pained despite her careful touch, the skin bruised and tender; But nothing seems broken or dislocated. Just sore, like all the rest of him. Just another bruise. Just another cut. Just another wound.
to living afraid, and everyone who barges in is a threat. Shoot first, ask questions later.”
is almost accurate, because even if he
Nebula completely ignores him, pulling him up by his bicep and sitting him down on the bench behind the pilot’s chair, to then pull out a bunch of cables from under the control panel and bring them all closer to Tony, as if she’s planning to plug him in like a damn USB cord or something, impatient.
“Well.” He says, in a perfectly casual tone. “I have to work. I’ll see you both later, alright?”
But Tony remembers good things too. Sharon Carter is an exceptional agent, delightfully professional and incredibly skillful, and she is firm and no doubt a good fighter. Putting her in charge of a unit would be incredibly helpful. They have never worked directly with one another, always trapped with the interference of Ross between them, the chaos of finding Barnes –
gaining a mark in faint, glowing digits. Beneath it, the additional information gets linked:
He is
he sounds?
Tony goes to argue, almost on instinct, but the look in Natasha’s eyes catches him off guard. It hits somewhere deep inside his chest that shouldn’t be feeling as tender as it is, a shock that comes unprompted and overwhelming, sudden hopelessness at the sight of her face so open, so pleading, that sharp edge between order and supplication.
Tired of trying and trying and always falling short.
“What language is that?” Natasha asks, brows furrowing in confusion.
Compromise.
“Sure, we’ve got them on the ship, but that’s not gonna be enough?” Rocket shrugs, unconvinced.
And then it starts to go
insulted him, Cap.”
“He knew it before Siberia. He knew he was attacking an
So he goes on alone. He tells himself that
, I guess, of the place. And if someone invades it—”
.” Rhodey arguments. “So
But so far…
But he’s
(Tony will admit he doesn’t mind that. That he’ll do whatever he has to do.)
, it just didn’t make any sense!” He gestures wildly between Tony and Natasha, face contorted in absolute confusion, like the very thought of it causes him pain somehow.
That’s not the issue.
“And his daughter, Hope Van Dyne. I don’t—” Lang stutters. “I can’t find them. Please, if you guys know anything—”
do you think it happened!?)
Tony has no right to feel like he should walk up to him and lay a hand on his shoulder, but he does. Christ, he wishes he could do
“It’s working.” Nebula assures him, as she holds to her batons with clenched fists. “Put your helmet on.”
Whatever is left from his world? From the universe?
Whatever reason she came to him for, the Accords
Steve grits his teeth, more out of a painful habit then indignation, and he shifts his weight a little, uselessly, as if that was at all the cause of his discomfort. After a deep breath, he says, “I’m sorry, Nat.”
She’s not asking about the charge. Tony knows. The way her eyes lock onto his form, scanning and assessing, taking in every detail the same way he does when he finds a piece of tech he can’t comprehend, Nebula is trying to
“I can think of a thousand reasons why they would.” Natasha admits, wryly.
Steve burns with fury. Not because of Bucky – no, never -, but because of everything that’s happened
, knowing all he can do for now is to feel
“He did the same thing to me” Nebula explains, “And to Gamora. And to his own planet. He always does it.”
“It… is a way of describing it.” Vision nods. “As long as we are associated with the United States government, our requirements are held to higher standards than those applied to heroes sanctioned by private funds. And we have more restrictions, seeing as our actions have direct impact on the public opinion of the government.”
“Worst sleepover ever,” Tony mutters, flopping back onto his bed. “That's why Pepper is my favorite. That was until she left me with you wolves for yearbook. Why do you all hate me?”
Tony may not know the rules of the game, but he can't help the swell of pride he feels when it looks like Steve scores a point. His eyes track Steve the entire time, watching the impressive display of muscle and strength as he powers through the water, proving again and again that he, Bucky, and Clint are an indomitable team, no matter the sport they play. The guys on the opposite side don't stand a chance. They end up drawing quite the audience, and there are admiring spectators lounging by the side of the pool to watch by round two.
“Yeah, you dummy,” Pepper says as she taps his cheek lightly. “You might be the genius here but sometimes you make really dumb decisions.”
Tony looks back up at Steve while he turns over the thoughts in his head, turning over the heartache to tentative joy, pushing aside the remnants of betrayal to uncover the bone deep relief, and finally embraces the entirety of how much he loves Steve. He watches as Steve squirms while he stays silent for a little longer, and Tony would be lying if he says he doesn't enjoy it just the tiniest bit that Steve is so clearly anticipating his reply.
They do this little dance for a whole month, wherein Tony does his best to avoid any instances where he might see Steve at school, ducking into empty corridors and classrooms just to avoid him in the halls. He refuses to talk to anyone on the team, and spends every spare second in the labs. He tries his best not to throw up whenever he sees any flash of red. Jarvis tells him there’s a new note in the mailbox every day, and Tony refuses to look at any of them.
,” Tony repeats.
“What are you working on?” Steve asks, a question Tony doesn't expect and leaves him slightly tongue tied.
The indignity of their crushing defeat is worth all of the gut busting laughter and joy of having these ridiculous people as friends because just a few months ago, Tony would not have believed some of these people
Steve shrugs his big shoulders and settles back against his seat. “I’m kind of hoping this attention will pass soon.”
“If you don't want money,” Tony says, “that's not fair to you. So I'll even it out by helping you too. I'll help you get back together with Peggy!”
Tony makes a loud abortive noise to cut her off. He really needs to update his phone security. Maybe build a new one and finally stop using mass market garbage. Or maybe it’ll be easier to just disown Natasha. She is far too quick and sneaky and he clearly needs to keep a closer eye on her.
“She took him back.”
There’s an enormous mirror in the sitting room area of their suite, and Steve had always thought it looked ridiculous and ostentatious. It’s taller than him and twice as wide, framed in gilded wood and intricate baroque carvings. It’s something the decorators brought in to fill the space.
“Maybe we can save round two for when we go back inside,” Steve says placatingly. He reaches over for a towel on the chair next to theirs to help Tony clean up the mess between his legs. “After a shower and some breakfast.”
Then Steve is arching up to press kisses to his collarbone and chest as his hands skim the bare skin of his thighs and Tony tries not to feel anything at all but the sensation of Steve's touch.
“Are you ready?” Pepper asks softly as she walks up to them. She looks Tony over with a gentle smile when he rises back to his feet, and brushes her palms down his lapel like Rhodey had done. She helpfully wipes away some of the lipgloss Morgan had smeared outside the line of his lips with her thumb, dabbing at the color to remove some of its brightness.
Clint spends his days crouched in the vents and his nights prowling the halls, a silent watcher. He and Thor haunt the halls of the compound like aimless spectres, footsteps leaden with their losses.
“Hi, Ben,” the smile Steve gives the deli owner is warm and bright like the one he had given Sandra. “How’s the family?”
Tony's heart squeezes painfully in his chest. He blows Steve a kiss before turning back to Nat who is looking at him with open fondness.
“Cornfed?” Steve frowns, looking vaguely offended. “I was born and raised in Brooklyn.”
The subway ride itself is uneventful enough, if not ridiculously long and surprisingly violent. It's only so interesting to look at long stretches of black tunnel as the train barrels through the underground careening sharply around bends and turns in the tracks.
A dark haired sophomore who Steve greets jovially as Peter runs up to them to take photos for the school newspaper. Peter snaps their photo as Steve pulls Tony close, turning slightly to press his lips against Tony's cheek. Tony thinks he might be blushing beet red, and he can only hope the paper only prints in black and white.
“This,” Steve says, skimming along the jagged horizontal line in Tony's side below his ribs, a facsimile of a cruel smile, “was when you fought a Titan, and lived. You challenged a creature powerful enough to bring a moon down on you. He did that because you were winning, and that was his only way to stop you.”
“Tony, just—”
“Sure thing,” he replies mildly, still refusing to turn. “I'll pencil you in for Friday at three. Next year. Scratch that, maybe in fifty years. I'm super duper booked until then so if you'll excuse me—”
The day of the big game dawns bright and brisk, a sharp chill in the mid December air. The sky is a bright cornflower blue that dusks down purple and navy as afternoon falls swiftly into evening.
“Aw, are you jealous, darling dearest?” Tony recovers enough to snark. “You know you’ll always be my favorite.”
“Is that the only thing you know how to say to me when Tony is around?” Sarah laughs. “He usually has such a mouth on him,” she tells Tony as Steve's scowl deepens.
The smile she wears grows larger, lopsided and endlessly fond. “Thanks, I think.”
gets to just skip out whenever he feels like it? What the actual fuck? Tony and his friends have been trying to bribe the guards for
. “Anything for you.”
“Maybe he’s not trained yet,” Steve says reasonably.
Steve finally sees Tony when he reaches the far end of the pool and twists around to make his return trip. Tony knows the exact moment his husband notices him as he kicks off from the wall underneath the water, picking up speed as he races back towards the other side. His smooth strokes cut through the water, leaving heaving waves in his wake.
Tony raises a brow. He’s starting to shiver from the cold. Unlike Peggy, he’s not wearing a coat out in the winter night.
“It’s fine,” Tony says flatly. He’s about to leave anyways.
he fucked up so badly. He cannot possibly hurt his two best friends like this, what the fuck is wrong with him? He needs to leave, as far away as possible. Maybe Canada? Russia? He hears Siberia is nice this time of year.
“Holy fucking shit,” Tony gasps, staring up wide eyed at Steve. He taps blindly at his console until the music shuts off, and suddenly everything is so quiet, he feels slightly disoriented. “Is this a hallucination? If you’re just a mirage, don’t tell real Steve I haven’t slept in days and this is probably onset delirium. If you
him, one of his best friends and closest confidants. Someone he trusts with his secrets and some of the darkest parts of himself. Someone who’s seen everything that happened with Steve.
the old perv. I’m twice your age, young man.”
“Aw sweetheart,” Tony coos. “You're a giant dork, but at least you're my  giant dork.”
“And nothing ever will,” Pepper says, gently tipping his face to look at her with the pads of her fingers. “You have to trust me too, Tony, that I wouldn't have let you think the letter could've come between us. I knew then and still know now which letter was the only letter that was ever meant to be, and I'm
Somewhere along the way, Tony gathers enough brain function to tug insistently on Steve's sweater. Thankfully, he gets the hint and in seconds, miles and miles of glorious smooth skin is bared for Tony's eyes and fingers and lips.
“Yes, like a real relationship—”
Tony shrugs. “Sure,” he says, polishing off the last of his sandwich. He sticks his thumb in his mouth to get the last of the sauce. “Gotta keep up the charade, right? Just in case the vultures start catching on. There’ve barely been any tweets about us in the past couple of days.”
kissing in the hall.” He doesn't say how Steve might possibly be the
It’s a force of habit for him to reach for it whenever he feels the claws of anxiety grip his throat and the smooth plastic centers him a little. Even now that he’s back on earth, the thing feels like a lifeline.
Steve is really playing up the part of the dutiful boyfriend that night, running to fetch whatever Tony wants for the enormous fir they set up by the living room windows and providing him with a constant supply of hot cocoa. Tony finally manages to pin him down when they start putting ornaments on the tree, and they find a spot on the rug with their friends as Tony curls up snug in Steve's lap. He folds himself across Steve's crossed legs and tucks his head beneath Steve's chin as Steve's big arms wrap around his back and over his knees to hold him steady. Tony sips happily at his hot cocoa, occasionally offering some to Steve as he contentedly watches their friends from his throne.
to Wanda and the others and they had no right to do so! She is not violent! She is not a threat!”
And Tony will assume it was mind-blowing, it certainly looked like it, and anything less than that would be a hit to his ego. Supersoldier stamina is no joke, and Tony
“And after losing her brother and her home, losing him too…” he comments, almost in a whisper. “I think she took it pretty hard. I thought it was best to leave them talking for a while.”
“We have to find a way to reverse this. To bring them
(Cars, buildings, glass and screams.)
A hand lays heavy on his shoulder, and he turns in a wide movement, ready to plead to Rhodey for…
(See the end of the chapter for
It tastes like a lie in his tongue. He knows it. He can chastise Mrs. Stark as much as he likes, but in the end, he understands; the aching and sadness, the loss of a son, the death of a loved one.
“It’s a weird sentiment, right?” Natasha asks. “For someone who wants to get rid of everyone in the world that isn’t
“Heading North to Lafayette Square. We need to see if that guy on the statue is the leader.”
“I know.” Rogers replies, equally low, his voice rough even as a hushing breath. “Natasha asked me to give them some alone time.”
to prove. “Thanos took down more than half of the population. People
Rogers’ silence is all the answer he needs.
“And the parts that do?” Clint asks, eyes sharp and voice low.
provides no clarification, but the names that follow do. FRIDAY immediately puts up two profiles, both of them with miniatures Tony instantly recognizes as SHIELD’s threat reports, both with a glaring red skull with tentacles beside their pictures, indicating their association with HYDRA. The name Johann Schmidt brings him no surprise – everyone knows who Captain America’s biggest enemy is,
“That’s not the point.” Tony rebukes, as gently as possible. “I’m saying you don’t have to be afraid of making noise. Actually, I would
“He fought Thanos?” Tony follows along with the story, frowning.
“No.” Natasha says. “He said American citizens. That would leave out me, Wanda, Thor and Vision himself.”
Steve has gotten really good at that.
She has been goading him into this, into talking about Bucky and Tony and
“I don’t know how you’re doing this.” Howard whispers to himself, furiously. “How are you doing this?!”
Steve is
But Steve isn’t angry. Not anymore. He kind of wants to be, feels like he should be, on principle, but he can’t really muster the strength to do it. Because he is glad. Scott had nothing to do with the Accords, nothing to do with their fight – he was just a guy, caught in the wrong place at the wrong time. For the wrong reasons. Steve will keep himself glad that he will be safe and will ask for nothing else, because he knows his fight is not Scott’s fight anymore.
Tony is allowed to critique the guy’s tech, he’s an expert on it, and even basic juniors would understand that the point of making a thousand tiny robots is to have them act overwhelming, not scattering around like a rat infestation. This is New York. They have
He knows.
It hurts to remind himself now that maybe he shouldn’t.
I just loved him like he was?
“So much of my old life was gone.” He whispers, too afraid of being so open to speak too loudly. “He was all I had left.”
That’s nice. Tony likes that part.
“I was horrible to him.” Natasha interrupts his thoughts, and she does it on purpose, by the way her eyes are locked on Steve’s face with an unyielding conviction, determined to say this out loud, determined for Steve to
Tony opens his mouth, not even knowing what he is about to say, body moving before he thinks about what he is doing—
, to make himself believe he was
“But we don’t know how the Accords will play out.” Sam argues back, not aggressively, but firmly. “The guy is not an Avenger, so how does he fit in on the superhero stuff? Vision said something about self-defense but claiming self-defense after tearing off the wings of a Boeing is not going to fly.”
, so why… Why was she still fighting him on this? They can’t— They can’t fix this if they are fighting. Natasha, T’Challa, Tony, Vision, Rhodes… They all needed to be on the same side to win this. If they all… If they all had refused right from the beginning, this wouldn’t have happened.
Nebula seems pleased that he agrees. But as they continue to descend, Tony can’t help but keep wondering, brows still pinched together in confusion, trying to imagine how their landing must’ve played out. He doesn’t remember a thing, besides the vague sensation of distant voices and numbed touches on his skin. Also like he experienced it all from inside a thick glass cage, a layer of white noise that scrambled his senses, and nothing actually absorbed into his mind. He’s not sure if he should feel lucky or not.
“Cap?!” Tony calls, trying very hard to ignore how hard his left arm is hurting and how he feels himself tremble inside the smooth balancing of his armor. “Cap, where are you? Tell me you’re okay.”
But we still have a few more to go - and if you've been paying attention, you'll know where this is going next ;) I am very, very excited to take us there, friends! I feel like we are due some sprinkles of controversy, don't you think?
(Natasha is the first, but Steve confronts her last.)
Before you can say "But Machi, is that it? This tiny piece of subjective conversation, that's what you mean by talking about it?", worry not: No, that's not it. There is more to come, my dear drama-loving friends. We'll go for the full meltdown, I promise, but unfortunately, this chapter had to be cut for word count reasons, because if you know me and my previous work, you know that this bastard does tend to get the best of me.
“I thought it would be faster.” And it was, but he won’t make an accusation like this at Natasha. “Vision said there isn’t much in Tony’s records, but FRIDAY does have some info she could share.”
The information Tony had given him about the updates could not be random. He thinks about this every single day since Howard and Maria’s passing, because he knows somewhere in Tony’s database, there’s a secret responsible for the attack in December of 1991. There must be. But he doesn’t know how to find it, and no matter how many times he asks, Tony refuses to tell him.
“You’re telling me this wouldn’t be some sort of prank,
(But I will hold you to that promise.)
There’s nothing broken in the Compound. The walls are up, the furniture arranged nicely and neatly, everything as it should be.
– with anyone else in the world, not even his wife; So it’s very likely Mr. Jarvis doesn’t know it either. So in truth, everyone who has ever come in contact with Tony, minus Howard Stark, is flying completely blind. They do not know what his pieces are made of. They do not know how he works. And the one person who ever knew can no longer tell them how.
“Because I’m here, feeling sorry for myself—” Steve mockingly agrees.
“Sorry.” Barton says, not sounding exactly sorry. “I decided to let myself in.”
and it’s horrible and it hurts but it is the truth. “I never… I never thought it would get this far.”
“We took Vision to Wakanda.” Rogers recalls, even his usual straightforward, almost earnest tone muted by heavy mourning. “We needed to get the Stone out of Vision’s head before Thanos got the chance to get too close. The only one who could help was Shuri, King T’Challa’s sister.”
(Not!)
“I have already fulfilled the purpose of my visit.” Vision explains, but he sounds regretful.
“That’s why he won’t call.” Natasha mutters, only for herself, but she forgets that Steve is
“Why.” Tony asks, in a childish tone. “Why would she do that, I mean, what was so important that she would have to call you?”
“I will give you all the money in my wallet if you can just take your flirting somewhere else.” Bruce offers, from where he’s sitting in flimsy shorts and a shock blanket around himself, after the green has seeped away from his skin.
It’s the only way.
“I’m afraid you have no wallet now, Dr. Banner.” Steve jokes, smiling wide, ears still pink, still embarrassed, but a
But on another note, one that has less to do with plot and more to do with characterization, we have another issue we need desperately to discuss: Pepper Potts and James Rhodes. As you can see in the tags, this is full-on IW compliant, which means that at this point in time, Tony and Pepper are still very much engaged, as IW establishes. But as the tags also say, this is a SteveTony fic. Not only that, we've all seen how Rhodey reacted to Steve coming back to the Compound, how not-enraged he was and how strange that is, considering what happened in Siberia - and as the tags say, this is also a Team Iron Man fic. So what the hell is going on here?
“Would you rather do it with one hand or two?” Tony arches up his brows, cockily.
to look at him.
, here is his one-night-stand,
see, the remains of what once was probably a seven or eight store building that is now completely reduced to its bare bones, crumbled like a house of cards, and he realizes, with a pit of pure despair opening in his guts, that if they search below it, they will probably find bodies.
“You know I’m always up for a fight, Steve.” Natasha assures him. “But I’m sure you know now… we absolutely
“You guys really want to do this now?” Carter asks, face disapproving, but otherwise fully collected – and it’s good she can be collected, good for her, because this is about to get a lot uglier than she thinks it will.
“So you’re leaving? With us?” Steve asks instead, trying to make it sound a bit like a question, but also as an affirmative, and somehow, he messes it all up and it comes out sounding like a petulant inquiry.
Get ready for that.
” Steve tells her. “They can’t restrain someone like that!”
They all want to ask.
Disgraceful. Absolutely tasteless.
wrong, and I left him there for the wrong reasons.”
normal. He’s defensive, and an over-sharer, and he’s wary, and insecure, and this conversation still brings a lump to his throat he cannot swallow or spit out no matter how hard he tries, and if he can’t dealt with it in any other way, he’ll
“Let’s hope you are right, Stark, because creating a second Gauntlet only not to find the Stones after is…” Thor murmurs, sadly.
(He counts Tony.)
Did Natasha
The idea fills him with an almost irrational panic.
He has no strength anymore. He’s hurting, he’s exhausted, and he’s
so broken and alone, and Steve
Rocket takes in a noisy breath, and asks, “Bad enough it’s gonna shorten our time here?”
Silence.
Tony knows she’s not lying.
(Steve should’ve known this would happen.)
“Kinda sounds like you are, though.”
Stop.
(If there’s one thing you never allow yourself to feel)
, you call Stark, and apologize.”
. There is no use to him in hating or fearing the future.
“But doesn’t that mean we should be focusing on the
Steve tries to breathe in deep, and he tells himself it’s fine, Tony’s fine, he can relax now, he can breathe because everything is fine.
about Pepper that have not been fully disclosed in this chapter, but we will come back to them later, in other people's arcs. Pepper's character is not being perceived and analyzed just by Tony in this story, but by other characters too - and in due time, we will talk about some things that, right now, Tony is just not in the right mindset to see.
“He stabbed you.” Nebula says, as if it’s a reassurance. As if that is an explanation for his failure.
So, she sings. As she rocks side to side, her feet light but her heart heavy, she closes her eyes and pretends the sharp corners digging into the skin of her forearms are tiny nails of an anxious hand, begging to be put down, and not the indifferent plastic and wire she’s been left with. She pretends she feels warmth. She pretends she could bend down and kiss a soft cheek, but she never does, because she knows she won’t find it there.
Tony looks up to the ceiling and blinks, blinks, blinks, staving off the emotion, struggling with the tight feeling in his throat.
“I am.”
, to have a freaking
“That’s not why we’re talking about it.” Natasha cocks her head, turning her gaze at him. “Vision is not supposed to be in contact with us. We don’t even know how he found us. And what does it mean, if he’s
“There are approximately three billion people left, Boss.”
.” Steve repeats, and he knows that no one but himself is listening.
feared being alone.
, but… I still wasn’t expecting it to really happen, I guess.”
“You didn’t, Crossbones did.” Clint rebukes. “And you might be a good leader, Cap, but you’re not omnipotent. Sometimes, we’re going to be pushed into a bad position. We all have to be prepared to deal with it. That includes Wanda.”
“Me neither. How could I know that would happen?” Clint shakes his head, squeezing his eyes shut for a second. “I was the only one she didn’t catch in Johannesburg, remember that? And I lucked out, because she told me she went through every single one of you and messed with your heads. That’s… That’s not ok, Cap. I know we try to be supportive and she’s no more than a kid who had a miserable life… hell,
. But I need to be sure.”
But he wishes he did.
He takes a deep breath, suddenly overwhelmed. He’s not sure how he should feel about this.
Steve has once let Bucky beat him black and blue so he wouldn’t fight back. Steve doesn’t trust anyone the way he trusts Bucky. He
at the pain that bursts into his foot, unconsciously bending over to soothe it with his hands until a sharp twinge on his torso and the painful creaking on his knees stop him still, awkwardly balancing himself with his arms open in the air, like a crazy drunk trying to stand on his feet while walking a straight line.
“Same thing Thanos did. It’s the
doesn’t care, because he’s so tired he can’t be bothered to go back to their hotel room and change, just so he can have breakfast somewhere. He can only guess that Nat and Sam don’t mind either, as neither of them has complained about Steve’s recklessness, and they’re too in ridiculous disguises, eating bagels and chugging down watery coffee with sluggish hands and eyes hazy with sleep.
He kept this ring for her. Not since 2008, that was not true, Happy had just – it would’ve been
the idea of someone not liking him. But the problem is not that Tony doesn’t
until they both cram themselves into the elevator with no care at all, as the door closes and FRIDAY takes them up in the direction of the landing pad.
, and he brings his eyes back up in a snap, feeling his neck oddly hot, until he realizes they aren’t even looking at him.
with this
“I keep thinking – why would the Mind Stone contact us when none of the others did?” Rogers points out. “If the Sanctum had the Time Stone for so many years, and that Stone could have seen Thanos coming, why wouldn’t it warn them sooner, if it was going to send a warning at all?”
He took advantage of the fact Tony hadn’t been living at the Compound anymore and pushed it to the back of his mind and left it there, to never bother with it again. Every single day, every day Steve used the uniform Tony upgraded, the shield, the facility, the equipment – every single thing that Tony had somehow touched and improved to help them continue to do their job, and Steve had still
. Is that what you want to hear?” Barton throws his hands up, agitated. “
“The creature who attacked us said the same thing.” Thor mentions, and they all turn to him, curious. “Something about making sacrifices to achieve balance.”
I swore to protect him with my life, and I failed?
“I always had the team backing me up.” Steve says, but even to himself, it sounds like a hollow excuse.
He had Pepper by his side again, he had her love, he had her company. He had Rhodey,
Tony runs his hand over Dum-E’s and U’s arms unconsciously, feeling the cool touch of the metal beneath his fingertips, pretending the feel of the smoothness of the polished plates isn’t ruined by the scratches and cuts on his palms. He’s so distracted by it he almost misses the sound of boots stepping closer, going around the foam he recklessly stepped into on his haste, slow like a predator circling its’ prey.
And came back with the stone alone.”
(The sad thing is that you honestly believe that.)
(No, don’t.)
“I told him that too.” Tony insists.
“Wouldn’t be the first time.”
– but we crossed borders, and we never bothered to
“Rhodey, you’re with me.” He signals. “We’re going in.”
Cap makes a long pause, thinking so hard Tony can almost hear him through the comms.
“Ever since Cambodia.” Natasha immediately says.
Vision understands this as sign that their conversation has ended, and he takes a step back himself, putting some distance between them so he can take his leave safely. Lost, Steve watches as he turns and looks at Wanda, his expression fond, and she gives him a shy wave back, brows scrunched up together and eyes sad, but the tiny smile in her face speaks of a promise that this is not a permanent separation, and she’ll be
(Why couldn’t he get out?)
They don’t know about it because Tony has never told them. They’ve never told him about their visions either.
<search database= “program”, “personal”, “computer”>
Tony likes to believe he’s gotten better at that.
you traitor.)
What the hell happened to him since he left? Tony is actually too afraid to ask.
this might happen – the closest thing we have to this kind of data is the speed of black carbon absorption by the atmosphere and some theories on artificial global dimming of sunlight—”
(When we don’t know the truth.)
fell apart.
“Tony.” Pepper says. “We’re begging for the impossible of each other.”
, Jesus Christ.
“None of those things are related to your position as a king, Your Highness.” Natasha jabs back, giving him a tense smirk with the corner of her lips, making her seem almost sheepish.
Steve stares at him for a second, face carefully blank – but his eyes are sharp, thoughts running at lightning speed. Tony knows that look.
“Pretty sure your entire life is in a museum right at this moment, Cap.”
“We have people.” Tony lamely replies, striding quickly towards them, itching to not be under the scrutinizing, pointed stare of the crowd. Tony goes directly to Pepper’s side, an instinct too old to avoid, but he only belatedly realizes that also puts him next to Rogers, and it’s too late to go around and stay next to Rhodey without being glaringly obvious about it.
of affection that he feels for her is frankly embarrassing. In a way, for Rocket too – for his presence and his silent comfort during what very clearly is a very difficult moment for Nebula, a softness Tony knows for sure, even without asking, that is not easy for either of them. Tony is a foolish old man, he knows by now that things like these make him mellow. He won’t ever admit it, but he knows.
“Also Time is complicated.” Bruce offers. “Even if certain events are set in stone, not all of them might be, and Thanos coming might have been only a possibility and not a certainty until a specific point. Maybe something happened that shifted the universe in a way that set us on a path where it would cross his, and only then the Stones thought it would be necessary to warn us about him.”
“Wonderful. Get on that, chop-chop.” Tony presses, almost dismissively, ready to turn his back to Lang and let Rhodey handle his designing into one of the recon teams downstairs, to turn his attention back to the board, but before he can, Lang’s sudden movement stops him.
all the same
Steve thinks about it for a long time. His body thrums with energy, restless and uncomfortable, his heart beating in a strange rhythm; Singing a song of uneasiness, that dreaded feeling that only doubt can make you feel, the dark pit of fear for the unknown, for what he might find inside his head if he looks for it too deeply.
To be able to accept losing Pepper as wholeheartedly as Thor could accept Jane’s decision, to be able to talk about it and
Steve sighs, sounding so damn broken. “I didn’t ask him myself. But when Tony saw, he asked… Bucky told him he remembered all of them. All the victims.”
And he has to make things right. But that means… That means he has to talk about it.
, okay? He doesn’t
“Captain Rogers?” T’Challa’s voice stops him at the very last second, like it’s
The time slows down, and the silence seems to stretch into forever. Steve tries very hard not to allow himself to think of cold, of bare walls, of video static and a
It’s important and it’s eye-opening,
So… the protocol. It helped. It reminded Tony to keep himself in check, to look at his actions logically, as if they were plans to be implemented. Even affection can be too much, he knows that very well, so maybe he should take the time to think before
, which is usually a
Tony doesn’t answer. If he opens his mouth, he will sob. He can only shake his head, turning his face to the left so the creature won’t be able to see his red, swollen face, tear tracks along his cheeks and blood staining his lips, mixing iron and ash at the back of his tongue, the flavor of cruel, cruel
, with that idea. I’d go to the Smithsonian and see the Commandos Exhibit and he was there, his picture, and all I could think was how I had failed him at the moment he needed the most. Learning he was alive… I almost couldn’t believe.”
, and so slow to
He’s not sure exactly how long. It feels like a couple of hours, but by the battered state of his body and the completely drained state of his mind, he can’t be sure. It starts off slow. At first, he thinks it’s just his body losing the adrenaline, his muscles going numb and him losing all feeling of his toes and fingers, his eyelids getting surprisingly heavy every time he tries to keep them open. He passes off as sleepiness, despite him knowing the numbness is not normal. But for safety’s sake, he tries to keep himself awake, observing the ever-shifting numbers on the panels of the Benatar, even when they start to make even less sense than they did before.
it makes Tony frightened.
<search database= “Peggy”>
He has already said he isn’t.
Not the Accords. Not her long lost love.
He almost did. He didn’t want to, but he almost did.
towards her.
“Come with me.” He repeats, more urgently. “Come on, I’ve got something to show you.”
“That’s why I reached out!” Steve yells, actually yells this time, using the full capacity of his lungs, because, because—It doesn’t matter why! “What happened was a mistake! This whole thing was a mistake! I was trying to fix it!”
(Or against the living one either.)
Tony can’t do this. Not now.
Pepper’s eyes are full of questions, but then, her eyes drop to the blue glow of the Reactor in Tony’s chest, and understanding passes in a flash through her eyes before it morphs into concern. “With that?”
“Once, it was once—"
I’ve done,
Tony feels the weird sensation of a cold wind lick its way up his spine, like a bad shiver or a nasty feeling of being watched, and the hairs on his forearms stand on end suddenly, prickly hives stinging all over his skin; Making him contort on himself for no reason, just feeling
against his palm, heavy, and solid, and
The part of him that’s…
the civilians help, Now, more than ever, they have to hold back, even when the crowd itself is not holding back at
A very, very heavy pause hangs in the room for a moment.
(But never this.)
when his reflection looks back. He grew out his hair, his beard, he tore off the star from his uniform; He did
” Tony says, breathlessly, and suddenly a hand immediately shoots out to grab his arm, firm and strong, demanding, scaring him, and Tony looks around to find Pepper, armor-clad,  desperation obvious in her posture, and even worse in her voice, when she calls:
“It’s funny.” Steve comments off-handedly, waiting to see if Tony will completely ignore him. “I thought that you would have a coffee machine down here, if you drink it so much.”
“Titan.” Tony answers, completely aware he’s omitting the entire section of the story where he
Tony doesn’t even think before he reacts.
, and Steve couldn’t know what had happened to him. By the time they could leave Wakanda after the search for Sam had proven itself useless, they’ve been awake for so long and so sick to their very souls as the realization of just how much they had
Despite all the reasons why he shouldn’t, he trusts her a lot.
Tony had mentioned he wanted
“What sort of problems?” Thor asks for clarification, also stepping closer, rapt attention to Tony’s tale.
“What?” Steve asks, uncomfortable.
, isn’t it? Steve doesn’t know better. Steve’s way is not the right way. Neither is Tony’s.
“Can we talk for a moment?”
“When Maximoff attacked us, back when they were helping that man Klaue steal the Vibranium, I had a vision.” Thor tells them after a pensive pause, measuring his words with surprising care, the gruffness in his voice a hypnotic tune that seems to fill his words with powers unknown.
“I’m gonna get some shut eye. See you in the morning, Jolly Green.”
“What about your daughter?” Tony presses.
“And it’s a cute drawing.” Steve concedes. “Something I’d hang on a fridge, not a
“Ok.” Sam exhales harshly, pushing all the air out of his lungs with force, grunting as he shifts in place again so he can pull his legs from the edge and turn his body to Steve, so they can have this conversation face to face. Steve feels pressured to do the same, even if the discomfort he feels by being so openly vulnerable makes his neck hot with shame. “Do you wanna hear what I think?”
“So, how did you get this? I thought you preferred using the hammer.” Tony asks, while he goes around the table for a better viewpoint, and runs his eyes along the sharp edge of the blade, taking in the details and looking for any anomaly.
<subject= “unidentified”>
so this would be
“Do you know?” Rogers asks, asks
“I don’t know how much ash we have out there. I don’t know how much each individual… left behind, when he snapped his fingers. Maybe a hundred? Two? Less, more? We don’t know.” Bruce shrugs defensively. “What about the trees and the animals? We have no way of calculating those. Worst case scenario, we might be talking over one hundred tons of ash. Maybe
, what to focus on, because there’s
he had been by the way they were treating him. Putting him in a glass cage—
So, so many.
Their faces cloud over, and Thor asks, in a muted tone: “Our fault?”
“Good.” Sam nods, as if that’s all he needed to hear. But then, he pauses. “So… Where is that badass metal arm of his? Didn’t think he would just take it out while he’s on a walk.”
(But you don’t trust them very much.)
and they will
side of the wall got hit too, but it did alert Fury to what they were doing.
, so you watch out for that.” Wilson jokes, his expression full of amusement.
Tony sees no blood, but that does not mean that what he’s seeing isn’t a sign of death.
Guessing never did him any favors. And with his mind becoming a game of dodging landmines, landmines that sound like
He wonders what it looks like now, to those who know. If it’s as terrible as Steve feels it is.
, going mad with too many thoughts that don’t make sense, that don’t fit together, that he can’t reconcile because it feels wrong.
“I don’t believe you.” Tony accuses. “I don’t believe you would let it lie like this. I don’t accept it.”
She freezes. Like pausing a video mid-motion.
The crossing back is just as jarring as the first one – the smell is the worst thing, the quality of the air, and even as they step back into the brightly lit, open space of the workshop, Tony feels claustrophobic, a wave of sluggish exhaustion finally hitting him like it had been waiting all this time for a moment where his defenses would give just a little bit, crashing against them like a freight train. The vaguely knows the others are shuffling about uncertainly, picking up the books and skimming through them lazily, unsure of how to proceed now they are back and have new, unexpected information to work with, but have yet to find a way to translate them to make them useful.
(You had seventy years of rest.)
“Yeah.” Tony says, and it comes off a bit muffled, lips pressed against her head. “Better now that you’re here.”
“We kinda patched him up with duct tape all the way through.” Tony acknowledges, nodding lightly.
there, and he needed an out before he did something that would only make this entire thing worst.
They can’t keep hurting each other.
He thinks it through, burying panic under cold, calculating logic, and reaches some very important conclusions: The first possibility he discards is personal enemies. It would be much easier, and also much more reasonable, to find Howard alone in one of his major events of technology than following him in the dark in an empty road, if revenge is the main goal to achieve with his death. Revenge is petty and foolish, and it usually requires an audience. He very much doubts such an enemy would go so far just for the sake of vengeance, much less take the effort to make it look like an unfortunate accident.
(Great way to treat your friends,
Right?
“So Thanos sent his murderous children first, to get a feel of the terrain, and then came personally to finish the job.”
But the doors are open, and Natasha is waiting for him.
“We can’t risk it.”
(You’re gonna get hurt again.)
like everything is going fine, until, in her next breath, she says—
“We…” Tony breathes. “We have a lot of work.”
Tony,
Maria nods firmly, her eyes grateful, and she goes back to typing messages in a quick pace, practiced fingers going over the keys with confidence.
He wouldn’t have hesitated in sacrificing himself if that meant Pete would still be here. When Strange – When Strange warned him he’d let Tony and Peter die, if that meant he’d save the Time Stone, Tony just… Tony just
They will not divide.
asking him, but that is all Tony can do right now. “This is U, and this is Dum-E.”, he introduces, patting them as he says their names, and they both make a whirring sound at being called, their mechanical pincers twitching and moving frantically, emulating the feeling of
“Alright. Okay. Let’s consider this, then.” Tony says, raising a hand in a placating gesture, hoping to convey to Thor that he’s at least willing to
Maybe he should turn back and find Rhodey. Before it all comes crashing down even harder.
Maybe the guy… Maybe he wants to be a soldier.
“No. It means that if I’m not found innocent if I make a mistake while trying to help people, I can be deported. So can Wanda.” Natasha sighs, and turns back to look at Vision sharply. “I don’t even know what is the legal procedure for Thor or for you, in case there was the need to have one. I don’t think there is a precedent, anywhere in the world.”
, but it all fades to black so fast he can’t make anything of it until it’s too late. When he finally wakes up for longer than two minutes, it’s slow, drawn-out, like dragging himself outside a hole in the sand with his bare hands, fingers slipping constantly between the grains, a struggle and a punishment.
Because he still feels hollow. His skin is still pulling tight when he sniffs and scrunches his eyes shut, his eyes still burn with the feeling of tears.
It’s not wonder princess Shuri asked him to leave.
“Who?”
“And you will take it back.” Nebula affirms, full of conviction, and Tony doesn’t have the heart to tell her how wrong she is, because he just
That deleted scene in AoU? The one with Cap's image vandalized? That shit is extremely important. It shows how deep the MCU was willing to push the public's opinion of the Avengers to the point it would force the Accords to be created. And in the end, what we got was.......... this. Real nice. I'm not bitter about it at all.
, because Rogers told him to, and Barton simply
(Don’t say I didn’t warn you.)
for that kid with
“Where are you going?” Tony hurriedly asks, slightly concerned by her posture and demeanor, uncomfortable with the pure seriousness Nebula exudes, even with her back turned to him.
But he is curious, and he is warm, and he’s
Barton looks like hell. There is no fight in him that Tony can see. His eyes are blank. Tony has – The last Tony had seen him, it had been through heavy bars and bulletproof glass, with his arm on a sling and a bruise throbbing in his face, with guilt weighing on his shoulders, and Barton had been snarling at his face, mocking him, trapped like a criminal in a cell that was never meant for him. For any of them. Barton had looked at Tony like Tony had been the filthiest thing he had ever seen, a low bastard who had somehow betrayed him, like that was
what’s beneath. “You were
“Where would we take them?” Cap asks, genuinely asks, not a hint of condescension or hostility in his voice – and Tony jumps a little, because he had almost forgotten he was also on the line, just listening to their chatter and, surprisingly, not saying a word.
“It kinda looks like a date, Tony.” She says, referring to the stupid photos on the stupid article she says she saw this morning.
And then Tony remembers that Boston has a Fine Arts Museum.
because it was taken from him. But because what he had left, he threw away.
” Steve groans, and covers his eyes. “That was stupid.”
“Sounds impractical. And time consuming.”
Tony halts mid-step, his eyes snapping up incredulously – but before Nebula can process his faltering as a sign to stop, he speeds up, half-pulling her along, his eyes darting to every new corner he turns to, his entire being thrumming with a nervous, electric energy – something that drives him forward with his legs tingly, breath shallow, single-minded purpose to reach the lounge and nothing else.
Sam takes in a sharp breath, alarmed. “It’s
enough to
that blooms in his husband’s face. It’s so deeply entrancing. The Captain, stalking forward like a lion, crawls over Antonio in a graceful move, and places himself between Antonio’s thighs, a place that now belongs to him, and him alone.
of the surname, so automatic at this point that Tony hadn’t even realized how it would sound if he said it out loud.
(It’s not—)
“We didn’t know if it was going to happen again.” She confesses, tense. “No one knows what happened. We didn’t know what caused this, and everyone was afraid it would
No one would know.”
when you jump across the galaxy through a bunch of them and get all warped in space-time. I’m talkin’ from experience, here.”
, Pepper.
“What is going on, Howard?!”
“We did some remodeling.” Tony eyes her, making it very clear that yes, it was not a random decision, but
Natasha’s face morphs into one of the most absolute
“You think Wanda showed you the future.” Tony more affirms than asks, even though he means to
He doesn’t even know if the others are here too. Rhodey never told him, and Tony never asked, like the damned coward he is. He was trying his hardest not to think about it until it was absolutely necessary, to be honest – and the
or else it will destroy him.
and every time Tony makes the slightest attempt to turn back and catch one last glimpse of the hospital, or of the street… of the
itching every few minutes.
” Tony exclaims, maybe a little too hysterically, because a few heads turn in his direction, shooting him confused and worried looks. “He used to be shorter than me! And he was skinny, he had asthma, he - what
Steve should be freezing, but he’s absolutely
Why else would he do it? Why would he keep Bruce locked away, if not as payback for being kept hidden like a skeleton in a closet? Why hide, when he was parading himself to this foreign world, fighting and
So he stops. He stops, and looks away, and he feels small and defeated, because how else can he feel after having lost something so important? How can he express his painfully acute awareness that he had no right to impose himself on Peter’s life like he did, but he did it anyways, or how Peter shouldn’t have admired him, but he had, and Tony had never felt so proud, of anyone or anything in this world, as he had when he saw the kid after the Vulture had been captured, when Tony finally understood just how deep and how complete Peter’s genuine
Because if Tony isn’t keeping silent because of the Accords…
The guy has lost a lot – the least he can do is to cut him some slack and give him some nice stuff. Maybe he’ll the present, the
The war had taken tolls on them. He knows this. Sometimes, desperate situations ask for desperate measures, but those measures should never include a plan that allows a HYDRA agent access to American intel. Never. Jarvis is absolutely sure Zola was not the only one – how many other enemies had SHIELD brought inside their home, people like Zola, who had once associated with imperialist maniacs and hateful organizations? How many others had had the chance to sink their claws into their security system?
"Of course I will. I'll see you later baby. Everything will be fine. I love you." And with that, he climbs out of the window. Running my fingers through my damp hair I stare at myself in the mirror. My eyes drawn straight to the scars covering my sides and upper thighs. The ones on my back seem to stand out more today. I close my eyes as I hear the sound of the belt cutting through the air before making contact with skin. I shake my head to clear it as I begin getting dressed. Once I am finished, I glance at myself in the mirror. 'Not too bad.' I think. The fitted white shirt is a little loose now but with the help of a belt it fit fine, I found some smart trousers that looked like jeans but weren't jeans if you get what I mean along with a black tie which hung loosely around my neck and Steve's worn leather jacket I love so much. It was the first time I'd looked in a mirror in a while. My cheek bones were more prominent and so was my jaw line, my cheeks had sunken slightly and my eyes weren't bright anymore. My once fluffy, vibrant blonde hair lay limp over my head. I glance over to my desk then back at the mirror, nodding slightly to myself.
We're one big team!
"Umm. Narnia?" I ask sarcastically. Peter facepalms and the owner takes large strides towards me, holding her fist up in a threatening manner. I stay strong, acting like I'm not scared. Am I scared? Heck yeah. The woman terrifies me but I don't want to give her the satisfaction of knowing that. As she reaches me, she grabs hold of my already bruised shoulders, making me hiss out in pain, in her iron grip and begins to shake me violently, daring me to be cheeky to her now. She finally stops shaking me and pushes me up against the wall instead, holding me by my throat. I couldn't breathe. I was gasping for breath but she wasn't letting go. She kept taunting me. Saying things about my mother that I never wanted to hear. I was running out of air. Black spots were clouding my vision and-
"We met your sister earlier and she told us about you so we wanted to come and talk. I'm Tyler and this is my wife MJ, we're here to adopt. Can we come in?" She says nothing but steps out of the doorway, pushing it open wide enough for us to step inside. Everything looks the same. Same walls, same units, same bed. I suppose nothing ever does change around here. Blake sits on the bed and Lexie climbs on next to her, MJ opts for the desk chair and I sit on the floor, leaning up against my wife's legs.
"What is it Tony?" Mom asks walking out of the kitchen, wiping her hands on her apron. She stops in her tracks.
"Bull crap Ty, please, eat something." He begs with me and I sigh, knowing that I can't win. I pull a slice of pepperoni pizza on to my plate and begin nibbling at it. 'I'll just throw it back up later.'
"Your honour, when she was taken from me, I wasn't in the right state of mind. Melod- Tyler's father had been murdered with promises to be back soon when he left, I was off my medication so I went out looking for him, believing he was still alive somewhere. I was in no fit state to raise a child. She needed better. She needed looking after. But now, I'm a changed woman. I went and got help I needed. I found a man who helps me so much and we have a beautiful family. I just wish that I could do right by that little girl I hurt all those years ago." She looks at me, tears gathering in her eyes.
"Can I help you?" She asks, glaring at the pair of us but we just smile.
Who watched me fall again
"Tiger? Underoo's? Where are you kiddos?" His voice got louder, Pete looks down at me and sighs quickly apologising before lifting his head up.
"Do you want us to sign parental rights over to Clint and Natasha? Is that it?" This shocks me. I lift my head up.
"Finally." She says with attitude. She grabs my arm harshly, making me drop my toast, pushing me towards the kids.
"Hi." Lexie says, her voice soft and sweet but hoarse from not being used in a while.
"NOO!!! MY TWLER. MINE!!!!" We all share a laugh at the youngest girls expense and I lean over to kiss her cheek.
Cause way down deep inside I've got a dream
It's only when I'm lonely
"Your dad's said you could stay the night." I nod.
"I'm sorry." I choke out. She shakes her head.
"Just memories you know. I remembered the time I first ran like that. It wasn't a nice experience." She looked at me sympathetically.
Mentions of child abuse!! You’ve been warned
"But Dad."
"Hello Miss Tyler, Master Peter. It's nice to see you again."
"Don't use that tone with me young lady. Why were you in Bucky's room last night." I spin on my heel to face the blond, my eyes hardened.
"He's not so bad." Wade raises his eyebrow. "He's, got a temper. But, deep down, he's all fluff. Fact is, he's not like anyone I've ever known. All my friends are fighters. And here comes this guy, who spends his life avoiding the fight because he knows that he'll win."
"He's proud of us you know." Peter says, not taking his eyes off the graves in front of us. "Both of them are."
Like everybody else, I've got a dream
"You good kiddo?" Dad asks, wrapping his arm around my shoulders.
"You haven't changed one bit Tyler. And if I'm completely honest, I don't know where Blake is, probably in her room."
"Just for you baby." He kisses me back. Peter gets restless.
Just hold me, I'm lonely
"Hey what's wrong?" I ask making my way over to her, wrapping her up in my arms.
"Well I've been writing this for about 6 months so I hope it's better than something scribbled on a napkin." Peter sticks his tongue out at me and I just smile back.
Rowing in a rowboat down the stream
"I fwee." Is the reply I got. Okay this kid is cute.
"I don't know kid but there's nothing we can do." I sigh sadly and run my hands down my face. Tony pats my knee.
"I think she's the one M. I really do."
"As for training," Steve begins making me turn my head at an awkward angle to see him. "You are more than welcome to come on my morning run with me, it seems like you have some good stamina and it would be nice to run with someone who can keep up for a change." He glances at Tony who throws his arms up in the air in defeat.
"MOM!!! Calm down. Do you want to call Pete?"
No she doesn't know what she's missin'
"I missed you." I mumbled into the archer's shoulder. His grip tightens on me.
"Lot of dedication, love, alcohol and sex." I joke nudging MJ's arm. Everyone laughs. "But seriously, wouldn't have been able to do it with this woman which leads me onto my next point." I shift my position so I'm on one knee in front of my girlfriend.
"You're all grown up now hey? What happened to my little girl?" Tears well up in both of our eyes.
That's how the three of us ended up sitting crossed legged on Nat and Clint's bed, resting against the headboard. Her slim arm resting on my shoulder and his hand holding mine. I try to keep my breathing under control as I tell them about my night terror.
"Sir, yes, Sir." I say like I'm a soldier. Dad rolls his eyes as he walks out my door. I change into my outfit quickly. Pairing the silver tie with a belt and silver converse. I put in my ear spikes and ruffle my hair. Last but not least, adding the necklace Loki gave me.
"Hey there." I make my voice as soft as I possibly can, just like I did with Lexie. She continues to stare at me so I keep talking.
"See ya soon baby boy."
"Tyler? It's me. Can I come in?" A thick Sokovian accent fills my ears. Wanda.
"Sorry I'm late there was a bunch of handicap able children stuck in a tree."
"Take a picture, it'll last longer." Is all I say as I hook the new bag up, continuing my ongoing assault. Left. Right. Left. Left. Right. Kick. I follow the same pattern until a booming voice makes me loose balance during a roundhouse kick.
"You great Tyler." Wanda says as she walks up to me. "Let me." She starts pulling on the end of my tie, tying it perfectly.
Oh yeah, dirt bag
"Thanks." I say slipping the straps over my shoulders.
"I suppose we all know why we're here today." Dad says, smiling over at us.
"Tyler, what's going on?" Steve asks, a desperate undertone to his voice. I look down.
"And you Pepper Potts, do you take Antony Edward Stark to be your lawfully wedded husband, to have and to hold, to protect and love through sickness and in health till death do you part?"
Call me when it's over
They whirl open and I step out, the distant hum of the TV filling the air. I place my bag down by the door.
"I wanted to see you before. I'm sorry I can't be there." He waits until I've got everything covered before touching me. He places one hand on my cheek and the other resting on my hip. I smile up at him, placing my head on his chest.
"Morning Tiger, sleep well?" He asks, giving me a side hug.
"We love you too."
No she doesn't know what she's missin'
"And on that note," Peter says, gaining everyone's attention. "I also have something to say." He takes a deep breath just like I did and looks at me. I encourage him with my eyes.
"Oh umm yeah. Yeah I did thanks. The bed was one of the most comfortable I've ever slept in and the awakening by Jarvis was nice so." I look down embarrassed and the men chuckle.
"That I am. Now more importantly, who are you?" I can't answer. I'm still in shock so Peter has to answer instead.
"Tyler, will you watch a movie with us?" I look at my mom for permission. She nods eagerly.
I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know why
"Thought I might find you out here." There goes my peace.
"Hey dad." There was a slight pause in everything.
"Good night Angel. I love you." I smile as my eyes begin to close.
"Love you too." I hang up the phone and walk into the living room where they were all set up.
"Sorry Mom." We mumble, picking up our drinks and sipping at the sweet beverage. Can't wait to get home.
And my temper and my hook
'My loneliness is killing me- And I.
"Bye dipshit."
"Let's get some sleep. We've got a big day tomorrow." My eyes close this time I sleep peacefully.
"When?"
"Boys, boys! We're having Chinese. We already decided this." Steve says, wrapping his arms around each boys shoulders.
"Everyone, Morgan has something to say, go on kid." He passes the small girl the mic and she smiles up at him gratefully.
"Tyler, you've barely touched your food."
"Thanks." With that we were off again, running up the stairs and swinging around the corner. I find my door easily. It's right opposite mom and Dad's. I suppose that's in case of any nightmares or anxiety attacks. I push open my door and gasp at the inside. Pepper definitely had a hand in this. The walls were painted a light grey and blue, music notes going from one corner to another. A window seat that looks out onto the gardens with my guitars and amps already set up, my pictures already hung up on the wall: the one where me Pete, MJ and Ned went to Taco Bell, one of me and all the Avengers, ones with me, Nat and Clint. I pick up the one sat on my desk. It was taken on our one year adopt-aversary  me, dad, Peter and Steve. All smiling and happy.
"I try." We spend the next hour or so just talking about everything. Getting caught back up in each other's lives.
"Sorry Underoo's but no phones at the table. Same goes for you Ty." I hold my hands up in defence. Steve walks over and puts down a plate with a stack of pancakes on it and a different stack of plates, which I'm presuming are for us to use. They both pull up chairs opposite us and hand us each a plate. Everyone grabs a pancake or in Pete and Tony's case, several pancakes. I put one on my plate and begin cutting it up so it looks smaller, like I have less to eat. Tony seems to notice and glances at me. I catch his gaze and look down, picking up a piece of my fork and shoving it into my mouth, forcing myself to chew it and swallow. I continue this until the whole thing is gone. I stand and take my plate to the sink, rinsing it off and placing it in the dish washer. I sit back at the table and wait for the others to finish. When they finally did, Steve said we needed to talk. So me and Tony make another cup of coffee each and fight to stay awake as Steve gives the whole this is your house now speech. Once the torture is over, he tells us to stay put as he goes to get something. I look at Tony who just shrugs and at Pete who was still pouting over his phone. I jab him I the ribs and he glares at me. I stick my tongue out at him just as Steve walks back in.
