The first was his mother, who would tuck him into bed every night after his bath, reading him a story from one of those little golden books. She’d kiss his forehead as his father watched from the doorway with a soft smile on his unwrinkled face. “I love you, Dean,” she’d say.
On every night that followed he’d repeat these words, leaning over his baby brother in his crib before running into his father’s waiting arms. And this is how it would have stayed, if not for-
“I don’t care either way.”
Hope is the thing with feathers, but Cas’s wings had always been dark shadows behind him, sleek and terrifying and gorgeous. Naked of feathers, and naked of hope.
Cas hummed and grabbed the sheets. “We should get a basket, then,” he said, “or a cart.” He did not comment on Dean’s answer, merely walked off toward the front of the store.
“Of course, kid,” he said, taking the set from Jack’s outstretched hand to examine it. There was indeed a light green tea towel with a subtle pattern of Animal Crossing characters printed on one side. It had a matching oven mitt and potholder. Lately, Dean had taken to accenting the bunker’s kitchen with kitschy decor. It was decidedly not his style at all, but there was something about having a themed towel for every holiday, and colorful spice containers shaped like little houses sitting on the counter, that made the often sterile underground complex feel more like a home than any motel or rented house Dean had stayed in growing up. Indeed, he had grown a collection of hand towels for use, and some for purely decoration, that he hung from the handle of the oven and switched out every week. At first, Sam had teased him about “going full Martha Stewart,” but lately his younger brother kept his mouth shut about the home goods Dean chose to buy.
And then Charlie died, and Dean left as many messages on her phone as he could before the number went out of service.
“But they’re sold out online!” had been Jack’s excuse as to why they were currently making the one-and-a-half hour trek to the nearest Target just to buy Animal Crossing merchandise. Jack insisted he needed the branded stationary. Lately, he’d been into leaving sticky notes on things he liked around the bunker, with little messages such as “This book was good. I think you’ll love it, Cas!!” or simply drawing hearts and smiley faces on scraps of paper and leaving them in drawers or on tables. Despite the fact that Dean kept every one he could find in the firebox under his bed, he maintained that the activity was more annoying than endearing.
Cas swallowed and looked away, but Dean brought his other hand up to gently turn his cheek back. Cas looked up at him, blue eyes glassy and a little sad.
“Right, yeah,” Dean said, and the two headed off toward bedding and linens.
“I’m not sure I understand it myself,” he said, voice deep like it always was, his mouth drawn in a thin straight line.” Dean rubbed the pad of his thumb into Cas’s palm.
“But I only need 20 more hours on my permit. I have to do highways sometime!”
Physical intimacy was obviously the next step, but Cas hadn't brought it up. Dean wanted to, he did, but he hadn't even spoken his feelings for Cas out loud yet. He had tried, but he got choked up everytime. What would he even say at this point?
“Fine, let's go look around,” Dean said, defeated. It dawned on him that it was probably hypocritical of him to judge Cas for always bending so easily to Jack’s whims, when he himself so easily complied with just about everything Cas ever wanted. Whatever, the guy had died for him, like, a million times. Letting him go shopaholic was just Dean’s way of repaying him. This was definitely the reason.
Eventually, Dean pulled into the parking center of a newly-refurbished strip mall. Jack quietly unplugged his headphones and wrapped them neatly around a holder, depositing them in the glove compartment. He placed his phone in his purse and swung it over his shoulder before exiting the car. Sam used a napkin to bookmark the page he left off on. The four got out and collected themselves, stretching their legs after a long drive.
“Dean,” said Sam, exasperated.
“Goodnight, sweetheart,” she’d say as she passed, “Angels are watching over you.”
The third person Dean ever said “I love you” to was Charlie. It came so easy to him one night over dinner at the bunker. “I love you,” he said to her as she passed the serving bowl of meatballs to him across the kitchen table. She laughed and said “I know” in the way he knew she would. If Sam or Castiel ever noticed the significance of those words he so rarely spoke, then they had the grace not to comment on it.
But to Dean, the poems were just words. The language was pretty, and some of them were nice. But nothing touched him the way he had been told it would. Nothing made him understand that choking feeling every time he tried to whisper those words, even just to himself. Hoping that somehow, somewhere, Cas would hear them, and believe them, and come home to him.
“I care since it’s a space we share. Don’t you?” Cas said, looking Dean in the eye. This was a test. This was definitely a test, like the kind naggy sitcom wives gave their unfunny husbands.
He actually caught one within fifteen minutes, but he kept playing until he caught a second one as well. Just in case. Not because he was having fun.
“I can live with stripes,” Dean said, and Cas smiled, full and genuine. Dean returned the gesture, and the two of them placed the sheets in the cart together.
Hope is the thing with feathers. Countless books of poetry filled Dean’s shelves before he really understood why. He had heard once, that a poem is a lump in the throat, a certain wrongness. He had hoped the thin books would provide some sort of realization. Under any other circumstances, Dean was sure Sam would have made fun of his choices in reading. But his brother stayed silent, a wry smile on his face every time Dean swiped another title from the discarded pile of books from the local library.
“I’ve never had this before,” he said quietly. Cas tilted his head further, his way of showing confusion.
Dean would fall asleep under the glow of the stars stuck to his ceiling. He’d make up new constellations and draw pictures in his mind.
“I love you, Mommy,” Dean answered back. It was obligatory, he knew that, but he really and truly meant it. His mother would turn off the lamp beside his bed, and turn on the nightlight in the hall as she walked out.
“You’re the one who said we should look around. Besides, they’re good for storage. We could always use more storage.”
“Do you want matching pillows?” Cas answered with a non-answer.
“Then why should I? As long as you’re there with me, who cares what it looks like?” Cas said this in a tone that Dean, for lack of a better word thanks to a male-centric upbringing, would describe as bitchy. Dean turned to him.
“No. Just… the options, I guess. There’s so much stuff here. What’s even the point of all this crap?” Dean said, picking up and setting down various little jars and running his hands along the cool metal of the shelves. “Growing up, I had a duffle bag and the trunk of my dad’s car. I learned to live light. And now I have room, and it’s like all of a sudden I want everything I see.”
“Well then get them, babe. Like you said, if you want it, buy it. We’re not exactly strapped for cash.” Cas frowned a little frown that made his eyebrows tilt downwards as well, and his lips pursed. Dean knew this meant Cas was pondering something and wasn’t sure what to say.
“Night, son,” his dad would say, pulling the door closed behind him, leaving a sliver open to let the light in from the hall. Nights like this were the last time Dean remembered being afraid of the dark.
“Fine,” Dean huffed, “But just don’t buy anything you don’t need. Your bedroom’s messy enough as it is.” He knew it was a pointless demand. If Jack wanted a pet Beluga whale, Cas would find a way to fit the tank in that room.
“I don’t like patterns,” he said, and Cas looked at him with searching eyes. Dean continued, “Snowflakes are a little much for me. I like the shirts you wear, and the scarves. The one with the giraffe print is fun, and I know it makes you happy. But for our bed, maybe solid colors?” He paused and looked right into Cas’s eyes. “I like blue.”
And as riveting as the conversation was, Dean had no knowledge of how to continue it. He shrugged and moved on.
They went places together, on sort-of-dates to local dives and one disastrously cold evening spent at a drive-in movie. They held hands and bumped shoulders when they walked in public. A little while ago, Dean had found the most comfortable loveseat at a secondhand shop, and he and Cas sat together every night to watch TV. They’d even kissed a few times.
“It’s never nothing, just tell me.” Dean clenched his jaw and then unclenched it. He picked up a different set of jars and examined them so as to not look at Cas.
“These jars?” he said, crowding into Dean’s space and placing his hand against the same containers Dean was holding. Dean handed them off so Cas could put them back again.
Dean had spent years bouncing “I love you”’s around in his head in hopes that his angel would hear his prayer, but Cas had long ago learned better than to snoop around in people’s minds. He felt longings, Dean was sure of it, he must have, but the lack of action on Cas’s part made Dean doubt the very nature of his own feelings. If Cas, celestial being as he was, could not simply feel Dean’s love radiating off of him like flowers blooming under the cover of snow, then who was Dean to determine if the things he felt were truly love? How could he know for certain, if he had only said the words out loud to three other people in his life?
. Sometimes Charlie would immediately say it back, or she would say
“No,” Dean said, quieter now. “Because I am trying here. And you are going to tell me what I did so I can say sorry and fix it.” He smiled nervously, and let his hand fall back into Cas’s where it belonged. He intertwined their fingers lightly and raised their joined hands up so they both could see.
Dean still told Sam these words at night, but only while his brother slept. Dean would brush Sam's growing hair out of his face and whisper “I love you” as Sam calmly rested, unaware of the world around him. On the nights when Dean’s father was gone, he’d say it just a little louder. Even now, when they were both grown men, Dean would wait outside Sam’s room at night until he fell asleep, saying those words out loud just to make sure he still could. Almost every night, on the nights they were at home in the bunker, but never during the light of day.
“If you wanna try highways, you’re taking Cas’s truck. I’m not letting you practice merging with Baby,” Dean said. He glanced in the rear-view mirror, only to see Cas giving him the signature squint.
Their bedroom, for which Cas was currently purchasing sheets. Right.
, he thought.
“You’ve been anxious since before we even stepped through the door. What’s bothering you?”
Cas chuckles, a gravelly noise that fills Dean with content. He kisses the top of Dean’s head. “Dean?”
“Oh, Dean,” Cas laments, pulling him into his lap, just the way Dean loves, and holding him against his chest. “Dean, I’m so sorry.”
blue eyes,  the corners of his mouth downturned in sadness, the phantom warmth of his embrace gone as soon as Dean cuts his off head, then kneels next to it and pukes all over the ground until he’s—
“Being boring is kind of my job,” Castiel argues back, but there’s something soft in the corners of his lips, and Dean clings to that.
“Anael?” Dean asks. She shakes her head and beckons Dean to follow her. Outside, everyone is out. The sky is dark and littered with stars, mirroring the candles grasped in nearly every hand. There’s laughter and smiles all around. Some people carry flowers that they wave happily, as if saying goodbye. Everyone stops walking when they reach the edge of the forest, and Dean keeps looking at the crowd, trying to find Cas, until he’s right behind him, almost breathing in Dean's ear, a hand on Dean’s arm gripping tightly.
“Really?”
“Hush, Castiel,” Anael frowns. “Remember that Ruby and I can’t be seen together. I don’t want Michael to put me in ‘time out’ again.”
for an answer. It didn’t help that John wasn’t picking up the phone either, or that he decided to end their hunting partnership via text message just weeks after Sam left for college.
Finally, after he’s sure that his nostrils are about to fall off his face, Anael shows up, followed by her girlfriend. Ruby is a grumpy looking brunette with perfect eyebrows and what looks like a permanent pout. She’s wearing the same shapeless, plain tunic as Anael, but hers is a soft pink. It doesn’t suit her at all.
“Yeah. A thousand times. I could do it with my eyes closed,” Dean grunts, “you want a couple of swigs? Something to ease the pain, like in the good ol’ west?” He asks, shaking the bottle a little before Cas’ eyes. He squints a little in response, like he’s considering it, before nodding with his jaw tightly clenched and taking the offered bottle, swallowing a good amount of whiskey in record time.
“But?” Dean asks, subtly. His foot nudges Cas’ under the table and he’s dying to hold Cas’ hand, to offer some semblance of comfort. But it’s not his place anymore. Cas made it clear when he left.
Cas’ face falls, and he looks absolutely crestfallen. “That’s what happened to my parents. They were called, and we never saw them again. Michael raised us, because that’s what he promised them. Until we could be reunited in Heaven as a family…”
Dean’s sleeping off a nasty concussion courtesy of ghoul shenanigans, passed out on a lumpy motel bed when his phone rings. He would’ve ignored it, but the song coming from the speakers is
And that’s just… wrong, Dean thinks, whiskey bottle in his hand and alcohol burning down his throat. You can’t do that. People aren’t sturdy enough to become homes, their foundations aren’t strong enough. They waver and then crumble around you, leaving you bereft. Leaving you to pick up the pieces. Just like Cas did: he left, after fooling Dean into loving him, loving his companionship and his too-blue eyes and his strong arms that seemed to hold everything in place.
“But… Anael started having these
,” Dean punctuates his answer with a sweet kiss that quickly turns deeper, hungrier.
The mill sits between the river and a small barn that’s seen better days and now looks ready to fall apart. As soon as they step inside, Dean starts sneezing. His eyes feel watery and his nose is itchy and yeah, once he hears a loud meow, Dean turns to see the culprit. The barn looks like a cat speakeasy if cats were paws deep in contraband. There are so many that Dean can’t count them, and it’s not the first time he’s noticed them. His eyes started to water as soon as he crossed the gates the day before.
“Dean, I was angry.” Dean flinches, but Cas grabs his wrist, pulling him closer to him. “Let me finish. I was angry at
“It’s a reference,” Dean mumbles.
“Jesus,” Cas hisses, looking sickly pale under the moonlight, completely horrified. “
“Why?” Cas repeats, truly looking clueless. Dean’s eyes sting with the unfamiliar need to cry.
“I was surprised too,” Cas says, throwing an apologetic look at her sister. “I’m sorry, Anael.”
me?” Dean’s not above begging at this point, tired of the lonely nights and of wanting things that he can’t have.
“I bet your dad would have enjoyed this, uh?” Dean whispers, looking at the small picture of Cas he put on his desk, right next to the picture of his mom. “Wanna see him, uh? Look, that’s him,” he tells Jack, pointing at the picture. It’s just a fake FBI ID and Cas looks like shit (somehow) in it, but it’s the only one Dean has. “I bet he’d get a kick out of this; he’d spoil you rotten. He’d have been good at that for you.”
Dean dreams, and dreams. Dreams of Cas walking away, Jack in his arms. Moving away simply because he’s never stayed for too long at the bunker because Dean’s failed to make it a home for Cas, because he kicked Cas out
Michael looks infinitely pleased when he opens the door to his office and finds Dean there.
After getting ditched like a bad prom date by his dad, Dean tried to take up his usual hunts, but chasing after werewolves on his own and risking his ass every time lost its appeal really quickly. Dean had to settle for the smaller hunts, the ones that didn’t require backup if he wanted to remain in one piece.
. And warmer.”
, he wants to say, but they’re high as fuck and this isn’t the time to freak himself out. He’s practically weeping with need as Cas finger fucks him, back arched and legs shaking.
Words tumble out of his mouth at light speed just like always, Something about always being alright and then the price of gas and then the fossil fuel industry and destroying their planet and how’s the recycling technology coming along, and soon enough the subject is changed.
He finishes the entire bowl with Steve under his tongue.
Four more hours.
Mostly, anyway.
At some point, the lights go off. The room gets quiet for a moment, until there’s a sort of tell-tale glow and trill of music announcing what seems to be some kind of presentation taking place at the very opposite end of the board room. A projector, maybe, or flat screen television with all the eyes in the room on it.
to breathe, right? You just feel like you need to. That means I could really go to town and I bed you’d kick up a fuss down there. Honest to god, that might be my favorite part, just knowing you’re so deep under ‘em they’re practically suffocating you. Jesus, man, I fucking
starts again- Cas is fucking masturbating
But he doesn’t. He teases again, dipping his cock into just Bucky’s upper half before pulling out again. This time, a bead of precum slips down his head and along Bucky’s front. He’s leaking already and he hasn’t even made it in yet.
“Are you okay to walk around by yourself, Jack?” asked Cas, and Jack nodded. Sam had already wandered ahead and was almost to the automatic doors, so the other three set off behind him. Dean and Cas walked slow, hands swinging, clutched between them like kids on a playground, looking to run away somewhere.
“Since when have you cared about my opinion? I’ve known you long enough to know that when you want something, I can’t stop you. Remember the Christmas sweaters?”
But Cas knew, and he had spoken them so happily while crying as he welcomed a fate worse than death. And Dean stood silent, trying desperately to say it back, because he knew at that moment that what he felt was pure and true and absolutely real.
“What about a ricer,” Dean said, “What kind of household doesn’t have a ricer? We should get a ricer. They’re on sale.”
Jack had been taking a driving class at the local community center. Since his (forged) birth certificate said he was over 18, he technically didn’t need to do a minimum number of driving hours, but his Dads insisted. So far, Dean had been teaching him the basics in the Impala, driving up and down the long stretches of Kansas country roads.
But here they were, in the parking lot of a Target, taking their son shopping for what amounted to toys, and Cas squeezed Dean’s hand and smiled a soft smile, and Dean returned the look with awe. And maybe everything would be okay. Eventually.
Dean reached out to run his hand along the soft fabric, and suddenly he could picture sliding under them in the wintertime with Cas beside him. Whatever magic kept the bunker heated had failed, and both men were dressed in warm pajama pants and loose-fitting tees. Cas’s would be the ones with the cartoon bee pattern that Jack had gotten for him. Dean would have on one of his many plaid pairs with holes in the thigh and loose thread on the bottom, which he refused to throw away no matter how much Cas complained, because they were comfortable. Cas would roll his eyes and threaten to leave him for Sam, but Dean would lean over and kiss the edge of his mouth to say goodnight. Dean would shove his arms around the too-many-pillows they had stacked on the bed, turning onto his side. Sue him, he liked to be cozy. Cas would cuddle up beside him and press his chest to Dean’s back, and they would breathe together as they drifted off to sleep.
Cas grabbed a plastic red cart and deposited his sheets in the lower carriage. He pushed the cart back toward the home goods, and Dean walked beside him, hands in his pockets. Cas needed both of his to navigate the squeaky shopping cart.
Dean stopped and stared at the display in front of him. He came to realize that he did not want any of the varied glassware. .
There was a cage on his lips when he tried to speak them aloud.
Cas stepped forward to grab Dean’s hand. It's new, this thing between them. Dean had been making an effort to be more open ever since Cas was thrown out of the Empty like a bean bag. When Jack had briefly been God before he released Amara and she took charge, he’d spent days sending prayers to Cas, and encouraging the other angels to do the same. A few hunters outside the Winchester circle had even chipped in a few spoken notions, and all that had been enough to annoy the Empty into once again spitting out the rebel angel. Hopefully, Cas’s life was permanent this time.
“Nothing,” Dean muttered. Cas rolled his eyes.
“Alright, game plan. You,” Dean said, pointing at Jack, “You know what you’re looking for?”
But the Switch had proved more trouble than it was worth, at least in Dean’s opinion. Yes, it kept the kid distracted, and Jack was always so happy whenever he was playing. But he mostly liked life simulators and puzzle games. He got nervous and kept asking Dean for dating advice, because apparently you got married in Stardew Valley (again, this was definitely a trait that Dean found annoying. Totally). And he had to show Dean, Cas, and Sam whenever he did something new in Animal Crossing. He made so many picnic areas for his villagers, and he was obsessed with finishing his museum. He once handed the game to Dean because he was so tired, and Dean played for two hours to catch a stringfish.
“Sammy,” said Dean in a neutral tone. Cas lightly squeezed his upper arm and glared at him. Dean looked back, unbothered. The staring went on for what was probably a few seconds, but for Dean felt like an eternity before he finally broke. Cas smiled with his teeth.
And then Cas was dead, and all the chances Dean had were dead along with him.
“What do you think of these?” Cas asked, running his hands over a folded set of thick sheets and pillowcases, covered in a light blue snowflake pattern.
Sam had requested radio silence so he could finish his book, which was a deep-dive into the daily happenings of a rural American hospital. Dean had complied out of brotherly duty, and not at all because he knew his music would interfere with Jack being able to listen to Taylor Swift clearly. Currently, the only sounds came from his headphones and the turning of book pages, set against the background hum of Kansas City pedestrian chatter. The city was relatively quiet for a Saturday.
When he was older, and slept on the ratty couches of rental homes and the lumpy motel beds in no-name, podunk towns around the country, Dean lay in the pitch dark with his tiny hands wrapped around the gun he kept under his pillow. Sammy’s quiet breathes puffed out beside him, and there were rare nights when his father’s snores kept him awake. And he was never afraid.
“But it’s okay if he crashes my car, dear?” he said, putting a sarcastic emphasis on the endearment. Dean nodded along.
Dean turned to him, holding a set of six blue glass jars. “You know, stuff. Spices, or like, coffee. Sam likes to drink out of mason jars. Better for the planet, or whatever.” He spoke his hands, waving the jars around. Cas quietly grabbed them and placed them gently back on the shelf.
Sometimes he and Charlie would chat for hours over text. Charlie would say something effortlessly hilarious, or make a reference to one of the many movies Dean had seen and memorized, and Dean would send back an
Dean and Cas have the most pointless domestic disagreement in the bedding section. It's almost too sweet for words.
“Okay, you’re obviously mad, and I don't know what I did to piss you off, so spill,” he said sternly. Cas sighed.
But when Cas looked away, Dean frowned. They really needed to talk about their relationship, and soon.
Of course, once Jack had seen that Target had notes shaped like turnips and other Animal Crossing icons, he stated that he needed them. And since neither Dean nor Sam could come up with a good reason why Jack should not have specially branded stationary, and Cas had of course instantly agreed with Jack, the four hunters/hunters-in-training were currently packed into Baby, heading to Kansas City. There was a closer store in Lawrence, but Kansas City had a few stores to hit if the first stop proved unfruitful.
Did you catch the buffy reference? did you? also I haven't been inside a target in so long bc of miss rona so sorry if I got the layout wrong.
Dean Winchester has said “I love you” to only three people throughout his entire life.
Jack found the game section fairly quickly. It took up most of the back of the store, with a help desk and several aisles of games and game systems. There was, of course, a section for merch, where Jack found right away the things he was looking for. He quickly collected his stationary set and Animal Crossing collector’s box into the plastic red cart, and then grabbed the kitchen set.
When he made his way back, he made his best efforts to avoid Dean, but the hunter had none of it. He wrapped Cas in a tight hug and a “Welcome back, sweetheart,” and that had been it. They hadn’t really talked about Cas’s confession and subsequent sacrifice. The most that had been said was an “Idiot,” spoken in Dean’s broken and grateful tone. But they shared a bed now. Dean slept with his back to  Cas’s chest and his arms wrapped around him. Cas woke him every morning with kisses to the back of his neck, and they held hands across the breakfast table.
Jack nodded.
“It’s good to plan ahead. Plus, they’re cheaper off season. I like the pattern.”
The fourth person was supposed to be Cas. Dean promised himself that he would say those words to the angel’s face if it was the last thing he did. And then Cas beat him to it, and Dean had choked on his own bile.
I’m sorry that I never said anything before. I’m sorry I made you think I didn’t love you.
Dean told himself it didn’t matter, but he knew that it did. He and Cas could play house all they wanted, call each other cutesy pet names, and pick out matching tea towels. But until Dean spoke up about how he felt, the entire nature of their relationship was still up in the air. It made Dean’s heart beat fast every time he thought about it.
“We have enough tiny storage containers for now, I think. And Sam has a Hydro Flask.” Cas spoke in a tone that meant the conversation was nearing its end. Dean sighed.
And this is how it should have stayed.
“Don’t you want a reward?” Cas smirks, and it goes straight to Dean’s dick. Maybe he’s being a little bit too hopeful here, but he could swear…
There are large, wet pawprints on the ground, relatively recent. Dean’s got a gun in his hand loaded with silver bullets. The night is so silent it’s eerie, and he can’t shake the feeling that something is about to go wrong. It’s the sort of chill that’s been spreading all the way down Dean’s back, inviting him to be extra careful. Trying not to rush. A part of him thinks that he would be safer with a partner, but he was too chickenshit to try calling his dad.
“I ain’t your dad, Dean.”
Dean shrugs. “It’s not exactly close, but it’s
Suddenly feeling (even more) naked, Dean flushes to the tip of his ears. “What?”
“What the fuck?” Dean hisses. The smug bastard looks the same as he looks now, just as young, like not a day has passed. “
There’s a growing pile of bodies in Dean’s heart. Cas walked away from it. Cas cut his losses and left. Cas made a choice, maybe to prove a point, maybe to punish Dean, but Cas made a
But the hand doesn’t actually stop moving. A little gentler, a little slower, but he’s still stroking himself off with Bucky pressed against him even as he apologizes. Bucky can hear the rise and fall of his chest, his quick panting breath, he can feel the constant throb of Steve’s cock against him, and the hand
His hand doesn’t stop, or even slow.
After a few weeks, he begins to think of other uses for them. It’s been decades since he’s had intimacy, sex, had any desire to, but sometimes lifting up the redhead close to his eyes he remembers what it was like, and trails an enormous finger along the swell of her tiny breasts. For the first time in a long time it gives him an erection, and with that comes an idea.
“Steve,” he warns. Too low for the girl to hear, but thanks to the serum he knows Steve picks it up just fine. “Take me off before you put it in her.”
His feet hit a surface finally, a soft wall that flexes beneath them. He tries to kick off against it like a diver breaking for the surface, and it causes the body around him to jerk, and a new, louder moan to nearly deafen him.
Sam is engulfed for long, long seconds until his hips roll back that subtle inch, and he sucks down air. Bucky’s forced to cling more tightly, hanging on for dear life lest he wind up in the same place as Sam - squirming fruitlessly underneath them.
“No, Dean, no, no, no-“ The car shuts off despite his protests, and suddenly, the world is moving. Dean’s body is everywhere around him, shifting through the air, leaning and rocking and slamming the door. The motion turns rhythmic, the ride, thud, ride, thud, ride, thud of walking. With every thud, every fallen footstep, the world jerks a little, dislodging him from his place. The final straw is when Dean brings his hands up, the size of a school bus, and shoves them down into his pocket. It jerks the entire coat with him, and Sam loses his grasp.
over himself, rigorously shaking his entire package and dislodging Steve entirely. He goes slamming back onto the floor of Bucky’s nuts, swallowing down come that bounces around him, sloshes over him, threatens to drown him - the entire time he’s ping-ponged off the walls he’s sending hot, sharp peaks of pleasure straight through Bucky’s entire pelvis.
With a breath, he gets to work. Avoids the itching denim, and opts instead to stride up the bit of leather jacket that’s splayed out beside Dean on the seat. It’s an easy starting ramp, and he can spy decades worth of wrinkles, rips, and tears that he can use as handholds and footholds.
He’s too small to be heard. Based on the proportions, based on that cigarette burn, he’s got to figure he’s maybe a little less than an inch tall.
gushing, so he has to constantly move and squirm to keep from drowning in it. The pressure around him, the shaking-stroking-squeezing, becomes too fast for him to even comprehend. The light at the end of the tunnel is distant, nearly entirely blocked by precum, It’s too dark to tell how deep he’s fallen in Steve’s cock.
And shrinking down, down, down, to half even what he was before. When he next opens his eyes Bucky’s mouth is a looming, enormous thing that seems to have no end. His lips part into an open-grin and Steve can see his tongue, can see down the back of his throat, knows he could fit inside that mouth as easy as chewing gum.
He picks up speed once and a while, fucking him with a quick rhythm that makes Dean think – actually start to
"Do you think you could write something where Cas is purposefully sitting on a shrunken Dean, while Dean always thinks it’s accidental? Cas just likes how it feels to have him squirming underneath him, but obviously he’d never let Dean know that"
idea, but now that he’s got his mind on this track there’s an entire
From nowhere, a steely push at his back – Bucky’s fingertips, forcing him face-first deep into his sack. When they retreat and he can pull his face out of them, he has just enough time to notice the world moving and grab on desperately as the floor drops out from under him.
Bucky steps up to it, looming a mile over Steve’s head. He can barely crane his neck back far enough to see his expression, but once he manages it he can see dark eyes fixated on him. His attention doesn’t stay up there long, though.
this time. Bucky, not one to let someone call his bluff, gets to work. Steve was already hard to begin with, turned on by the humiliation play and the size comparisons and Bucky in general, and it only takes him about two minutes of licking and rubbing for Steve to finish in his underwear with a moan.
“You gotta be kidding me! You’re doing that
He strokes his hand forward again, and while it’s inaudible to anyone other than her, she can plainly hear the filthy sound of sticky, wet skin pumping hard cock. At the top of that stroke the slit above her squeezes shut, then slowly opens again as he peels back - sticking to itself a little like dry lips that only reluctantly pry themselves apart again.
Truth is, he’s not even sure Bucky can hear him anymore, small as he is, half an inch at best. All Bucky does is jerk himself with one hand and moan, lowering Steve down until he’s waist-deep in Bucky’s hungry slit.
Anonymous asked:
. He’s pretty sure he never wants to see what hardcore porn is.
Dean let out a sleepy murmur, and shifted his hips. It happened in what felt like slow motion, one moment the world was stable for Sam, and the next it was an earthquake. The slightest movement shook the ground beneath his feet, knocking him onto his back. Dean’s hips shifted upward an inch as he realigned his back, and his cock came soaring forward as a result, wide open and sliding up the length of the pillow where Sam lay. On instinct, Sam kicked out wildly, trying to scurry back. All he accomplished was getting his legs stuck up to the thigh in a slit that closed as quickly and thoughtlessly as it had opened, clamping down on Sam’s lower half.
He’s on the edge, one stroke away as he looks down at Dean’s exhausted body, covered in precum, with the knowledge that
Eventually it slows to a stop.
She doesn’t falter, and he soars up a couple of inches (feet, from his perspective) until his head presses against soft, slightly wet labia. He reaches up on instinct to try and push himself away, but it’s even more fruitless than it was with her finger. She sweeps him up and down a few times, dragging his face and chest across her center, before teasingly nudging his head into her entrance. Any yelling he might be doing down there is swallowed by twitching muscle, slicked wet and pulsing softly as arousal strikes her.
She’s successful, but he twitches against her-
"Can you do one where Tiny Sam and Tiny Dean get caught in a Casterbation moment??? ilu, bye."
benefit. Through sheer willpower, Dean manages to work an arm out from beneath the hanging weight and starts to shove himself forcefully upward.
it takes to hang on, to scramble up those few centimeters he winds up dropping every couple of steps from the impact, it’s doing
It’s clear by that enormous face staring down at him that Steve doesn’t feel the same sense of urgency that he does. It almost feels like betrayal, too, when the walls around him thicken just a little while Steve looks down, unfazed. “I landed in these, and you pulled ‘em on before I could get your attention.”
Tony fucks his fist before her two or three times before she realizes what his plan is, and she shoots her hands up to push against the head of his cock in a futile attempt to stop him. Her efforts earn her a surge of blood, a sharp pulse caused by sweet pleasure coursing through Tony’s pelvis at the stimulation. His hand jerks a little harder, accidentally pressing the slit down onto her chest and forcing a little air out of her lungs. He doesn’t pull it away, though, and jacks himself a little faster until Pepper can see the orgasm about to spring through him - it’s in the heartbeat twitch, in the rolling throb.
Needless to say, when being pushed against an open hole by an unrelenting force, there’s only one place Bucky’s going to end up - stuck chest deep and clinging to the edge to stay afloat.
She starts to rock. Massive hands grab her by the hips and guide her in circles, the base of a dick rolling up enough to touch his feet and then back down again. The world gets wet, rolling with her fluid and Bucky’s combined probably, stinging his eyes and filling up his mouth.
Steve grips himself mid-shaft and strokes up, dragging loose skin and his rough palm against Bucky, pushing him into flesh and dragging him up an inch or so with it. He strokes down, pulling the skin back with it, dragging over Bucky’s back and down his legs when the cock ring keeps him taut and unmoving. The next upward pass is more loose, it glides over Bucky’s back more easily - but it’s to massage the head above him and gather up a ridiculous amount of pre-cum that’d been steadily flowing for the last few hours. Steve drags his hand back down, positively fucking coating Bucky with semen.
you psychopath--”
The shaking slows again as Bucky forces himself to take it easy, but Steve’s prison doesn’t stop filling. The longer Bucky draws it out, the harder he gets, the heavier his sack swells with the build-up of semen. It’s up to Steve’s shoulders already, and he has to palm at the walls to stay afloat - inadvertently making the whole thing feel better.
don’t shove me in– I don’t wanna go in your cock, man, you gotta stop jacking off- I’m
And from nowhere, a second hand slides in to pluck Dean up and push him into the space between his wrinkly sack. Pushed between his testicles, Cas rolls them in his hand. They tighten, pulling Dean in a bit further the closer he is to orgasm.
He doesn’t seem to notice the difference, intent as he is on watching her flail around under his fingertips. As curious as he is suddenly, and why he never thought of it before he has
get them. They usually take the form of a new weapon, food, sleep outside of the cryo chamber, a bath. Basic human amenities.
“Bucky- please don’t put me in there- Buck- Please don’t put me in there, I don’t wanna go in- I don’t wanna get any smaller- Please-”
it. Within ten minutes, Sam was hard again, and sweating. His muscles shook with the intense feeling rocketing through him, cock almost burning with sensation, groans of both pain and pleasure tearing their way out of his throat as Dean relentlessly rubbed.
It can’t be that, can it? Surely he wouldn’t, not with Harry in them, not with Harry right there just a few inches from it all?
There is no gun to be found, though, and despite flicking his eyes over several feet of the room around him, he can’t seem to pin down where he is. It’s bizarrely familiar, the texture of this floor. Soft but sturdy and unyielding, like laminate or…
More walking takes them somewhere Steve can’t see, followed by the sound of rushing water. The fabric drops down again and terrifying fingers glide past him to wrap around the cock beneath him and
"I love your work! I wouldn't mind seeing maybe Sam getting stuck in Dean's slit or Cas' slit without them paying attention and him going on a wild ride of some sort."
it happens, a heavy throb, a hitch in Dean’s moaning, a pointed thrust over Sam’s face through the slickness of it, a pull back, a gush- three, four times as seed spills out of him, slow and pointed nudges to drag out his orgasm.
. He’s not sure where they’re going, but he does know Dean won’t take that long to get there. Especially not if he thinks Sam is missing. He’s got to get Dean to
Steve spills into the girl, down the slit and head of his own cock, and down onto Bucky as well. Not that it matters too much, he drags his hips back and then thrusts them forward hard to drag Bucky through his come. It pulses again.
“Jesus, Stevie,” He breathes when several more inches slip away, leaving him too short to kiss without Bucky having to bend his back at an incredible angle. It’s okay, he rocks his hips instead, the length of his cock covering Steve’s entire crotch and some of his belly now that he’s three feet and at the mercy of friction.
earns an, “Oh, fuck-”
And then he shifts, shakes the world again. Topples skyscrapers with just the motion of his body on the box spring. The cock descends, from perpendicular to pointing straight forward toward them, a slit bigger than the city itself, and there’s no denying it. He’s going to cum, and the force of it is going to wipe the entire city.
Bucky tucks himself away, seals Steve in place, and goes on with his saturday morning. Steve doesn’t know the details of it. Voices are so loud they’re distorted past the point of being understandable, the world is deafening, the sights obscured by the weave of fabric that’s just enough to let in light for him to see and not much else.
The more shots he takes the hotter he thinks it is, and the more tempted he is to wrap his palm around himself over his pants and start massaging.
His rhythm slows.
It seems like the farther Dean walks, the harder he has to grip Dean’s cock to keep from falling. The harder he grips, the better the pressure feels to Dean - almost like a hand softly squeezing him. He hums his approval, then sets out half-hard through the bunker toward the kitchen to make coffee.
of Dean’s foot shooting out and kicking the desk beneath him on accident.
for rough sex, getting manhandled and jerked around. He had to reassure the guy another time that a little rough play was more than fine, it was
“I fell off the dresser!” He yells up, slipping a little as Steve’s dick flexes involuntarily around him. It pulls him down another two or three inches (from his perspective), and he shoves a foot against the fleshy wall within to try and push his way back out again.
“I enjoy seeing you under them,” he gasps, and Dean can barely hear him over the slick sound of skin on skin as he jerks. “It feels really nice, the way you- you grab them.”
“C’mere,” he patted the space next to him, the ugly comforter’s design still visible in the dark. Cas crawled to him across the bed, looking as ridiculous as Dean could have ever imagined it when thinking about this situation. He boxed Dean in, getting himself comfortable between Dean’s legs and looking lost. Dean took mercy on him, patting his back and rubbing circles across it. “It’s okay,” Dean soothed. “I’ve got you, big guy.”
He doesn’t know for how long he kneeled after Sam jumped. Hours, maybe? Dean didn’t really care. Time had become a concept that escaped him completely.
One of the dude's perfect eyebrows lifts up sardonically. "Eloquent. Your argument needs some work."
“C’mere,” Dean tries to pull him into his arms, but Cas surprises him by tugging at Dean’s jacket until he’s straddling Cas’ lap, Cas’ arms safely secured around his waist.
“Yeah, that’s what Bobby said.”
“Cas,
“Lube?” Cas slurs settling himself between Dean’s legs and running his hands up and down his thighs.
Dean wishes he had asked. But he’s stuck now, with a child he was never destined to raise, and a nightly rerun of his and Cas’ best hits, with no end in sight. Jack needs Dean like no one has needed him in a long time, not since Sam himself was a small baby.
. But it’s been a year since the last time he saw Sam, and months since the last time they actually talked. The little asshole doesn’t even bother picking up his phone anymore and he’s tired of listening to Sam’s voicemail. Knowing Dean’s chances, his brother is still angry about the sad, drunk message Dean left on his birthday after he offered to visit Sam at Stanford and the kid gave him a solid
Of fucking course it’s fucking Michael.
He woke up the next day to cold sheets, and to the world still turning.
“I’m real, Cas.”
“Are you okay?” Cas asks. To Dean’s surprise, he reaches over and rests a hand on his cheek. Automatically, Dean leans into his touch, closing his eyes as he recovers his breath.
“Or both,” Anael says, “Michael never does anything without a reason, and he has a vested interest in making the community grow. If he didn’t protest you being with Dean, then it’s because something about your situation can be beneficial to him.”
Way too eagerly, Dean spreads his legs, looking at Cas’ through hooded eyes. “Lube’s in my drawer,” he breathes, watching the way Cas scrambles to the side of the bed and reaches for the drawer. Lube in hand, he takes back his rightful place between Dean’s leg, taking a moment to look at him.
“I couldn’t do it anymore, Dean,” Cas says, choking back tears. “I just couldn’t do it anymore.”
“Dean—”
Michael jumps him again, and they’re wrestling on the floor when Cas kicks down the door and tries to pull him away from Dean. Michael throws him away as if he weighs nothing, and his eyes go feral at the sight of the stake, nails growing into claws in his hands, a twisted smile showing huge, menacing fangs. "I've gained the power to judge for myself, and I'm not going back,” he growls, and the room seems to shake with the power of his anger.
. Sam was the one with a shot at normal, Dean was just some guy with a lot of fucked up shit in the head.
The sun is setting, the orange sky making Cas’ eyes look darker, and he looks like a changed man. He’s lighter, somehow. Softer. More alive. More beautiful than ever.
Dean is painfully hard, his cock flushed red, occasionally bumping against one of Cas’ thighs. Everything about this moment feels different from the previous times they’ve fucked: it’s slower, gentler, less rushed. Cas leaves a trail of kisses on Dean’s skin, taking his time to mark every spot properly, leaving bruises that will remind Dean of Cas every time he touches them.
, Dean parks, immediately missing Baby's soothing rumble. He should get out of the car, go to the bunker, go to Sam, go
“Hello, Dean,” Cas’ voice snaps him out of his thoughts as he sits next to him. The first thing he does is fasten his seat belt, like the dork he is. His hair is a mess, he hasn’t shaved in days, his red t-shirt is wrinkled and there’s a dark stain on his leather jacket, right on his shoulder. It looks like it could be blood.
Cas passes all tests with flying colors.
cats.”
“Got it,” Cas says and then, after a beat, his face softens, and he’s wrapping her tiny frame in his arms, sinking into a heartfelt embrace. “I did miss you, Anael.”
Too bad he was, literally, out of Dean’s reach.
The more Cas takes over Jack Duty, the more Dean silently steps back, feeling unneeded. After all, Cas is Jack’s real family, and Dean was only a placeholder, someone who was there for him after everything went to shit, and willing to step up for the kid that didn’t ask to be born in that mess.
“Hold on,” Dean cuts him off, a chill running down his spine. “You’re running away? You’re going to fucking
Dean breaks down the door, blade ready in his hand, only to witness as Cas finishes stabbing the shapeshifter with a silver knife. And that’s it. Game over.
“Oh, dear. Yes, yes. Well, the thing is, there’s been a lot of ascensions this year.”
“Please,” Cas grunts, picking up his lukewarm coffee from the table.
“He what?” Dean asks, pushing past the cold feeling of dread sinking into him.
“After that? You’re not the only one,” Cas snorts, but there’s no humor in it. He grabs Dean’s sweaty hand again, and they start walking back to their cabin, saying hi to some people along the way. Dean goes red, overwhelmed by the reminder of their fake marriage. People keep telling them that they make a cute couple and asking things about their marriage, only making the longing in Dean’s chest grow wilder. But he isn’t supposed to think about that right now.
Dean snorts, eyes fixed on the road. “What did Utah ever do to you? Is it the Mormons?”
“Sure, Cas.” Dean reaches for him, pulling him closer with a grip on the back of his neck before starting the car. His hand rests on Cas’ nape and he buries his fingers in Cas’ lush and impossible hair, pressing their lips together in a sweet kiss, mouths lingering once it ends. Breathing together.
“Well, then I guess it’s too bad you were so slow,” Cas says, already leaving, Dean still standing in the middle of the room with his mouth open, a retort stuck on his tongue.
Cas doesn’t answer, but Dean catches him glaring every time they pass one of the beehive-shaped road signs.
Cas blinks, looking surprised for a second, then stepping away. “Right, I’m sorry. My people skills are a little bit...” he fucking makes air quotes, what a colossal dork. “Rusty.”
The steady, sea-sick tide of back and forth subtly rocking him becomes faster, incomprehensibly shaking his entire being.
“I thought we were being
anonymous asked:
The crotch of his briefs reach their destination. He’s carried up into them until they’re settled on top of him; extremely pliant and wrinkly skin like dough, malleable and drooping around any section he manages to push up with his hands. Pushing at the heavy weight doesn’t seem to accomplish anything, it almost feels more like he’s kneading into the soft flesh than actually moving it in any discernible way.
--” He wheezes out, writhing desperately. The cock on top of him responds appreciatively, filling out and flushing, forcing itself up past Dean’s stomach and finally settling fully-hard on his ribs, just a few inches beneath Dean’s chin. Jesus, it’s covering him thigh to chin, it’s
They sag again, settling on top of his thighs and pushing him snug against the wall of fabric behind him. He doubts Bucky even knows they did that, that’s just an automatic involuntary instinct that comes from sensation. Hell, he doubts Bucky even knows Steve’s thigh-deep under his sack right now. He only has a second to look up.
That isn’t the goal, at any rate. The goal is simply…
He does alright while Bucky walks around the apartment, a lift-tud, lift-thud boob-boom-boom jostling shaking nightmare.
He’s going to fucking kill Sam with his bare hands.
sound. Another jolt, and Bucky realizes it lines up with the furious kicking of his own legs inside, scrambling for purchase and pushing against the flesh and nerves just inside Steve’s slit.
“Oh my
And it does, with Dean’s body lined up perfectly between his cheeks just an inch behind his balls, writhing and pounding. “CAS, CAS I’M UNDER YOU- CAS-”
His savior becomes the villain. Probing fingers find him again through the fabric and push, grinding him into the flesh in front of him. Shoving and rubbing up and down, balls clenching until he’s swallowed deep into them again.
, lust ripping down his spine.
Cas sits on him and jerks off for
“BUCKY– BUCKY, BUCKY STOP-” At the top of his voice, as hard as his lungs will let him yell it, so intense it hurts his throat and reverberates through his chest. Bucky doesn’t seem to hear him, the zipper reaches its lowest point, and the rustling of cloth precedes him pulling out the largest cock Steve has ever seen.
She relaxes her body slowly, bit by bit, thighs going soft around the pillow, labia dragging its way back down again, until finally she’s still. Comfortable. Extremely satisfied.
It’s pitch black, but she doesn’t need to see to know where she is. The living, undulating walls around her keep trying to milk her and Clint’s dick, squeezing and greedily pulling even as the descent stops when she bottoms out.
Steve’s breathless somewhere above him, and he murmurs under his breath, “I’m not gonna do it, relax, just gimme five more minutes.”
A huffy chuckle fills the area around Steve, blowing past him so strong his hair ruffles.
annoying, he’s taken up Pepper’s least favorite. He descends a massive arm down onto the desk on either side of her, either surrounding her with forearms like a pen or propping an elbow up on either side so that her entire point of view becomes a massive wall of ceiling, chest, arm, and- at the very top- a massive face peering down at her with scrutinizing brown eyes that observe her every move. Every part of her. There’s no avoiding the awareness of it, and he shrugs off her discomfort in that same casual way he
Dean’s expecting it to be over, he’s expecting to go tumbling down, to get cleaned up, to
within the flesh pulsing around him, kicking and stimulating nerve endings with his tiny body.
you,” she warns, slipping from annoyed to outright angry.
Right after Sam came, he realized his mistake. His cock was hypersensitive, still aching post-orgasm, tender to the touch, and still Dean’s rhythm didn’t falter. Sam groaned, struggle renewed, shoving and pushing in a desperate attempt to get Dean to stop rubbing his cock.
The skyscraper that is Steve does not acknowledge him. He moves around the room taking his boots off, shedding clothes layer by layer, sighing so loud it sounds like the wind. It’s clear Steve doesn’t hear them when even his boxers come off, and his massive naked body looms over them without thought nor care.
“You want me to–?”
it so that the base nearly touches his feet. Bucky’s fingers loosely grip himself, absent and unconcerned. A glance up shows the twitching of his stomach, the slight bulging that must be his bladder, and then the
as his whole package jiggles one direction and then another and then back and then the other and then and then and then, never giving Steve enough time to recover. He grabs wildly at skin, scrambles to try and stay above them, gripping and climbing and losing his footing and yelling at the top of his lungs.
and Bucky groans so loud it’s deafening. Sinks down until the soft pink of her folds press gently onto Steve’s body, cushioned by hair.
This has Dean moaning like a whore in church.
Tiny having to cling to a dick or else fall, as the giant walks around in the nude (or maybe with just a long shirt so nobody sees, up to you!) -- bitty
Right up until he feels Steve go diamond hard above him and start jerking, twitching, spasming— and then he shoves into the back of Sam’s throat as the first hard
Tony stares down with pupils blown wide, watching himself come, watching it absolutely
“I’m fine- but-- Sirius, do I have to be— err-- in here?” He asks, cheeks going a bit red with heat, embarrassed about where he is and what he’s asking. The fact that he’s practically flush against Sirius’s balls while they’re talking, and that he has to move to look around his godfather’s cock to make eye contact.
“Buck…” He gasps uncertainly, when the pressure starts to be just a little too much. Bucky holds him there, right on the edge of what he can stand, and his tongue slides in sopping wet along Steve’s face, his side his arms.
Harry isn’t sure what he expected, but it bloody wasn’t being lowered like this, looking down, and seeing Sirius pull open the waistband of his trousers and pants to create an opening.
Above him, Steve rumbles - Bucky doesn’t know if it’s to him or the girl, but it doesn’t particularly matter. It’s, “Feels so fucking good,” and then his world is moving again, affixed to Steve’s cock as he pushes back into that heat. He’s inside another second or two, not nearly as long, before he’s pulled back out again. Steve pulls out only to just above Bucky’s head so that he gets a burst of fresh air and light, the perspective of two titanic bodies moving what looks like slow motion, and then he’s thrust back into crushing darkness.
Dean’s cock twitched.
anonymous asked:
Cas sleeps like a god damn octopus. It took Dean a lot of getting used to, given his previously solitary lifestyle. Six or eight months of sleepless nights while an angel plastered himself half on top of Dean, arm over his chest, leg slipping between Dean’s. Thank god he wasn’t still at angel strength, or Dean never would have been able to shrug him off.
He always did hate meetings. She wouldn’t be surprised if he was getting some kind of thrill, some kind of deep-down satisfaction at doing something like
Oh, god-
Sirius seems amused, and actually quite a bit fond. “You’ll get used to it. Just-- you pretend you’re not in there, I’ll pretend you’re not in there, and before you know it we’ll be taking you out to fix you. Until then, I’m going to take care of you because that’s my job. Trust that I know what I’m doing.”
When it’s finally over, Bucky eases off breathlessly, and they gently settle back down on top of him.
Maybe it was the wrong thing to say, because as soon as it’s out of his mouth some blood flows south into Steve’s cock - it twitches to life, and his fingers curl up a little around it.
It’s been an ordeal, and it isn’t often that Steve Rogers gives up. Lord knows he’s tried with every ounce of gasping, wheezing strength a one hundred pound asthmatic can muster, but coils of hair like wires twist around his ankles, his wrists, even his waist. He’s screamed his lungs hoarse and nearly suffocated himself in the process, and all for naught. At one point a set of fingers came looming in like slow-motion, nails the size of mattresses slamming down into the hair around him and scraping so intensely, so loudly, so rigorously that Steve knows if they’d been over him they’d have ground him into nothing.
And then his hand picks up speed – not flying, but certainly a bouncing rhythm that means business. It jiggles his entire sack in front of Harry, great balls each larger than he is thumping up and down on the bed not but two or three inches from him – rather, two or three feet at his perspective.
At some point, Steve went to grab Sam one of the pillows from his bed to set on the kitchen table. They nestled Bucky down onto it, Sam set his cock back on top, and then arranged it a little so that the whole thing gently cradled the two of them. Then, Sam spent about ten or fifteen minutes making small-talk with Steve, all while absently fucking the pillow - specifically, the guy beneath it.
into his boxer briefs seemingly without a second thought, pulling them up snug against his body while he stands to walk to the bathroom. Bucky’s never been in here before, almost can’t fathom what’s happening at first - a pair of heavy balls at his back, flacid cock pinning him to them, neck bent a little against the fabric of the underwear creating a sort of hammock behind his head, and the entire assembly jiggling back and forth as thunderous footsteps sound on either side of him.
Sometimes Steve reaches his hand down his boxers first thing in the morning and jacks off without even remembering Bucky’s in there until after, when there’s come sloshing down his entire front and he’s gasping out a soft
Every time he shoves Steve down his underwear, Bucky gets a little more obsessed with it. It started out just being an interesting, slightly exciting idea for a place to keep him during runs. After the first one shot straight through him, it became an every-time thing. The thought of it alone – his little toy down there struggling beneath the weight of his balls – that would be enough. But the feeling, Jesus, those little pushes and kicks, squirming around under his sensitive sack? It’s beyond good.
, please just stop–”
Nothing.
Sam’s nudged down another inch, until he’s inside, right inside, right beneath that spot Dean loves, that spot Dean devotes half his attention to when he jerks off,
Bucky’s thumb smooths over the head of his dick, and Steve drops into a hot, tight, pulsing chamber. He can see out the top when he cranes his neck back, he can see light that pulses open, closed, open, closed in time with the shifting of pressure as Bucky’s hand works himself up and down. He can hear Bucky’s heartbeat, his reverberating moans. Can feel Bucky’s cock twitching and throbbing in sheer pleasure at the feeling, and he fights to make his way back to the top.
, adding a whole new sensation to the mix. His cock never even gets the chance to go soft, he barely even flags a little after the orgasm.
Then the hips lift up a little, maybe just a half centimeter-
Steve doesn’t think they even land on him before the other hand slowly closes the exit above him, sealing him in and allowing the fabric-elastic to firmly settle back into place. They’re snug, they hug his privates because that’s what a jock strap is
what he’s thinking.
didn’t wake him up right away.
But it hasn’t been that bad in a decade or so, Steve’s stayed more or less at five feet tall on account of his asthma. Bucky can’t help but wonder how big he might’ve been at full health, at least another foot and another hundred pounds of muscle, he’d wager.
Murmured so low it’s less than a whisper to the girl kissing on his neck, but clear as day to Bucky.
“HELL no-”
He doesn’t know
After only a minute or two of jerking himself, Dean’s dick gives one strong
How about Dean being trapped in Sam's shorts for a workout? At a motel or a gym. Stretches and squats and sweat, oh my~
glide. On instinct, she reaches her tiny hands up to grab at either of his fingers, her face still a mask of unflappable, unimpressed annoyance.
Writing prompt: Giant Steve getting a cock piercing, and the tiny ended up being tied to and wore like an accessory, provide constant stimulation for the giant
It’s her own fault, really. The intention had been to slip in, to take notes, to confirm Natasha’s status and try to glean information on what she’d been working on for Fury, but an unlucky series of circumstances lead to her falling from the safety of her window ledge and rolling down the steep grade of a mattress until - well - some tossing and turning on Black Widow’s part.
In his post orgasm bliss, Dean drifted off into a light and easy slumber, completely unaware of what his body was putting his brother through and unable to help him.
Cas had been stranded on the bathroom counter for a while until one of the brothers passed by. Dean settled in front of the mirror, naked as the day he was born, leaning forward to floss into it and more or less ignoring the tiny angel trying to flag him down. He’s got a busy day, he’s got stuff to focus on, whatever Cas’s problem is can wait until after the hunt.
finish biting, but Steve’s made himself so small that even with his teeth really and properly shut they don’t crush him into nothing. He has one second to experience being pinned between upper and lower molar, the platform he’d been on cracked beyond repair, the enamel grinders around him merciless.
Cas’ hazy eyes haunted Dean for days.
“We’ll figure it out,” Dean pulls back a little, taking a moment to stare at Cas’ face. “You powered up?”
“Cas,” Dean finishes his burger, wrinkling the paper bag into a ball. “What’s wrong?” He wants to say
something, but clearly, I wasn't worth sticking around for, so you cut your losses and left.”
“It’s a free country,” Dean shrugs. “Anyway, what did you need?”
“You know I’m not talking about that.”
Still, there was a lingering connection between him and this human Castiel that forced Dean to examine some unwanted shit about himself. He sat there, on the floor of Castiel’s cramped and stinky cabin, waving away the smell of weed, wondering who pulled away first. It didn’t really matter: they were already broken.
“Okay, and me…?”
Sounding grouchier than successfully fucked out, Cas let himself be dragged back to Bobby’s house and even crawled into bed with Dean back in the guest room. He dozed off while Dean stared at him, marveling at how vulnerable and human Cas looked, how warm and lax his body felt next to him.
“Well, in that case,” Cas argues, looking pinched, “why not Florida?”
Their big break comes when Michael grants Cas permission to begin going into the settlement's library to clean it up and learn more about its history. They figure out a time when Dean can sneak away from his duties to help Cas comb through the material.
And yet, Cas rested his forehead against Dean’s and pressed their lips together in a light, short-lived kiss. “Dean,” Cas whispered, sounding awed as if Dean were worthy of any wonder or admiration. “Dean,” he said again, more urgently, before they were desperately kissing, Dean secretly feeling like an idiot for giving it up so easily.
The mere idea of leaving Sam behind makes him dizzy. Dean would’ve done his best to make sure that if anyone had a chance to run away from a shitty situation, it would be Sam. No questions asked. That’s why he risked his old man having a stroke by giving his savings to Sam so he could go to Stanford.
A weight had lifted from Dean’s shoulders, and he was finally able to breathe again.
Cas is just the guy who raids libraries for research with Dean, sits on the floor next to him to clean their weapons. The guy who provides backup and dry humor. The guy Dean has sex with. If Dean’s dying to unravel all the things Cas keeps close to his chest, well, that’s his own problem.
Dean’s never been much of an optimist, but this time, he can’t help but feel that things are going to be okay.
“Jesus,” Dean says, not unironically. “You were raised by religious fanatics.”
Eventually, work consumes Bucky. He exhausts himself in the way that only dock work can do, and after ten solid hours of busting his ass he’s sort of forgotten his best pal’s inside him. He’s dog-tired, fatigued, and as soon as he peels his clothes off he collapses face-down onto the bed.
, slow contended sigh slip from Tony Stark.
The train shakes and jiggles everyone on it, including the beautiful cleavage of the brunette that Steve’s doing his damnedest not to notice - and failing, as his mind sinks farther and farther toward the gutter for some inexplicable reason. Whatever she’s doing to him is making him so hard he’s twitching, tingling, rigid.
manages to get his arms out of Bucky’s dick and pull himself up into fresh, clean air.
Bucky closes his lips, and plunges him into darkness.
And then those fingers open up, too quick for him to grab to keep from plummeting. He drops through the air into the dark maw from twenty feet up. Smacks onto steeply sloping cotton, and goes tumbling end over end down, down, down until he reaches the bottom. His side is what stops him, cushioned by the blockade of soft and fleshy skin. They’re testicles, both of them individually three times bigger than he is. They move like they’re alive, hugging up a little toward Bucky’s body so that he slips down on his back another couple feet.
They make eye contact -- or rather, Steve makes eye contact, but his face is too small for Bucky to see without leaning in, which he doesn’t. He can tell Bucky’s looking at all of him at once like a tiny little bug or something, features indistinct, vaguely recognizable.
Whoever this guy is, he must be a virgin because he’s still wearing clothes and Dean can
There’s no god damn way in hell Bucky’s gonna stay where he is for this rodeo, the way those fingers are bound to go tight and start flying will crush him sure as anything. He’s gotta find an opportunity to escape them, and not wind up exactly back where he’d been at the start.
They grip him and drag him further into boxer-covered flex until he wriggles, fights, squirms his way out of them and drops back down onto the couch beneath them. Right after, Cas tilts his hips back down and
“Dean, what-“ He cut Cas off short with a bruising kiss, and Castiel, of course, did not protest. Dean was frantic, a man on fire as his hands traveled desperately over Cas’s chest, over his hips, dipped lower to grasp his cock and stir it awake. It didn’t take much effort, Castiel was always a team player, and Dean’s attitude alone had him hard and wanting.
Which means he’s got to get closer to Dean’s ear.
“Help- man- please,
The sheets separate his back from Castiel’s fingers, they drape over him from head to toe, soaking wet, plastered against him. He’s basically cocooned against his partner’s dick, making it impossible for him to wriggle out between any gaps in Castiel’s knuckles.
“Mmm,” Dean murmured in his sleep, lips parting softly. He was fucked out from his earlier session, still buzzing in a few places, and his mind replayed the events in the form of a dream- probably entirely due to that little tingle that felt real nice. Enough time had passed that his refractory period was well and over, and blood began to tentatively run south.
“Bucky, please god, don’t.”
Steve doesn’t think they even land on him before the other hand slowly closes the exit above him, sealing him in and allowing the fabric-elastic to firmly settle back into place. They’re snug, they hug his privates because that’s what a jock strap is
“You gotta be kidding me.”
“Not right now, I have an appointment.”
. We gotta do this
He walks into Dean’s room careful to keep his eyes above bed-level, calling out gently, “Dean? I need to talk to you.”
that I…” He doesn’t finish his sentence, but he doesn’t have to. Dean can feel him throb, can feel the fingers of his left hand tighten enough to rub him into Castiel’s frenulum like an absent answer. “I think I didn’t realize how much I’d enjoy it.”
One last hitched breath, and he spills harder than he ever has against her, grinding Dean into her ass and throbbing through an orgasm.
Not so.
Above her head, the unfinished unimpressive sight of the underside of the wooden table.
Above it, though, he can hear a long, relieved sigh. It continues on for thirty or forty seconds as Sirius empties the entire contents of his bladder before Harry’s eyes, an up close view of it whether he likes it or not.
He curls his hand around his package, gently squeezing Cas into them and muttering, “You’re gonna have to calm down just for a minute or we’re never gonna get out of this hotel room.”
This whole process takes nearly twenty minutes, and then she notices that the jiggling, bouncing, shaking has stopped and they’re standing still. She can hear the sound of loud conversation, of laughter, of clinking glasses.
. He was practically
He starts to climb.
During this alone time, he makes it clear what he expects of Dean. He’s to stimulate on command, and he’s to work as many orgasms out of Castiel as the angel decides. There are times when Dean goes still and unmoving inside Castiel’s boxer shorts, but all it really takes is to reach down and roughly squeeze himself (and Dean) through his clothes or, at worst, manually massage himself with Dean’s body.
The way Natasha likes to sleep (when she’s got the security and the comfort to choose how she does so) is perhaps a little unusual. She sleeps with at least one arm under her pillow, she sleeps with a thicker, firmer pillow between her thighs, and-  perhaps most notably- she sleeps naked.
Bucky feels him going down, struggling all the way. It’s the hottest god damn thing he’s ever felt, and he deliberately paces himself to keep himself at the edge, struggling not to come so he can experience it as long as he can.
Castiel’s stuttered inhale barely holds back a more telling noise.
“You mind if I try it out a little?” He asks, glancing over at Steve. Steve gestures at the table freely with a casual wave of his hand.
, struggling and squirming against the most sensitive place under the head of Dean’s cock, pushing and writhing to get away from the persistent throbbing and rolling he was being subjected to. If he would’ve kept still, maybe it would have subsided, but as it stands, his movement only managed to tip Dean over the edge headfirst into orgasm.
or I’m gonna fall in-”
A knock at the door interrupts him. He rips his hand away from himself, swiftly shoving the handkerchief into his jacket pocket.
Cas’s cock pulses in time with his heartbeat, clamping down on Sam. At the same time, Dean’s mouth sucks and slides up and down, squishing him and loosening on him.
What about another part to the one where Steve is stuck in buckets balls- Steve gets cummed out only to get stuck halfway out buckets slit, and Bucky decides to keep Steve in his balls permanently so he leisurely pushes him back down deaf to his cries
The suffocating weight on top of him begins to bounce, lifting off a few inches for the smallest reprieve as Bucky takes his cock out proper and starts to jerk off – it’s gotta be the fifth or sixth time since he decided to do this. It seems like it takes almost nothing to get him going, just the knowledge that Steve’s under there during certain actions seems to be enough.
And he rolls over to lay deliberately on his stomach – before he settles fully, his hand snakes down to move his cock, to make sure the underside is pressing against the sheets. Gives his hips an experimental roll to make sure everything’s lined up to hump him properly overnight, and then he settles down again.
So here’s the thing: whatever magic that turned Bucky into the tiny little thing he became
Sam froze, breathing heavy, terror racing through him. Getting humped by his horny brother was one thing, he could survive that, but
“Sit tight, buddy,” is the only warning Bucky gives before the world starts rushing up around him. Above him -- so damn far above him he has to crane his neck back -- he stares up at Bucky’s face. It’s enormous, it’s a mile up and his eyes are so large it almost feels like it’s impossible to make eye contact with them. Like he’s looking into a pupil but instead of connecting he’s just seeing the black while Bucky’s seeing all of him at one time.
I was planning to anyway, it’s not my fault you wound up in there.” A hand leaves the keyboard, Bucky sees it soaring toward him and hopes beyond hope it’s to finally tug him free before Steve starts. He’s disappointed immediately as Steve wraps his hand around himself, lightly touching and massaging his cock. Bucky can see his knuckles moving down below him, he can feel Steve fill out the rest of the way until he’s fully hard and the passageway beneath him is precariously wide. “I hope you can get out before I get going. I’m a little worried about you.”
He doesn’t consider the immense pressure on Dean’s body, nor the discomfort of cotton rubbing raw along his back. He thinks only of how good it feels, and eventually allows one of his hands to settle upon her hip to pull her back and guide her grind. He matches her movement in the opposite direction, heat spiking in thick licks up his spine and unfurling in his pelvis.
He has to blink and squint to clear his eyes, and even then everything’s still a little blurry for being so, so big. He sees the wide head of Bucky’s cock stretching out several feet in either direction, filthy-slick and shiny from semen. He feels it gently smush him in an embrace a a massive hand strokes up it again. In the far, far off distance he can see Bucky’s slitted eyes staring down at him like some kind of god. He’s vast, enormous, everywhere. He is foreign and almost unreachably alien at this scale.
Dean ran into the first open stall he could find, slammed it shut, closed the bolt, and shoved a hand down the front of his pants. Gripped himself hard around his cock, pressed his free hand against the tiled wall with the palm flat, angling himself and his dick over the toilet below.
Pepper’s world begins to shake. Walking is a rhythm that disrupts her tiny room with mini earthquakes, they knock her off her feet over and over again until she resigns herself to sitting down in a small puddle of warm semen, doing her best not to get seasick or overheat from the sweltering body heat coming from all around her. To herself, she mutters an annoyed, “Just hurry up and get me out of here.”
down into him and grinding him back and forth against the surface of Bucky’s molar. It’s wet, there are long strings of saliva that cascade off of it as it moves, working and shoving Steve out of his tiny divot.
Until now, perhaps. Above his head a sudden light explodes, and in the several-foot gap he can see forming between the waistband of her panties and the top of her pelvis, three slim, enormous fingers appear like slow motion. Perfectly manicured nails begin to encompass the added space, and they seem to head right for him.
he’s getting from it, and as a new unfurling of heat takes up root in his balls he goes faster, a rhythmic
himself down on Dean again.
“Seriously- whatever this whole… BDSM thing is you’re trying to do, can we take a raincheck on it until I can feel my goddamn legs?” Dean snaps into the underside of Castiel’s cock, but Cas doesn’t seem to hear him.
, she fights every step of the way as her shoulders go down, then her slender hips, until finally his thumb rubs gently over his head and she’s
And then he starts to work, lifting and loading, changing the rhythm, jostling him abruptly.
He does this three or four more times, teasing Bucky with the thread of pushing into her over and over until he
against Sam and a bitten off moan follows it, and then his brother
he could barely move, he could feel Dean’s heartbeat through the walls, he could see the light above his head beaming down at him through Dean’s open slit, and he could
( in some capacity willingly, but also very much
He’s in such disbelief that he looks up to the guy above him for help from the very same guy’s hand slow-motion lowering him down, down, down the enormous plane of bare chest and bare stomach and toward – he looks down – the pit of crotch beneath him.
since the accident, and he can’t be seen with her - god only knows what the group he’s infiltrating would do with her if they found out.
Straight up, Cas has finally tilted his head down and wide blue eyes stare down at him with dilated pupils and parted lips.
“Shit, sorry sweetheart–” Clint says, and that’s all the warning he gives before a massive hand slams down onto the table behind him, palm facing Clint’s chest, to sweep Natasha toward the edge of the table. For a wild second she thinks he’s going to swat her clean off of it, but then when she gets about a foot from the edge she can see over it to where his other hand’s got a thumb hooked in his waistband, boxers and tac bottoms pulled out three or four inches to catch her in his underwear.
But he isn’t supposed to think of that. It got him slapped, nearly got him reset. He thinks this is a test, to see how he’ll react to this man. He doesn’t intend to fail it, and the ire that rises up in him manifests in the form of one metal fist
all of a sudden, crushing Steve into the couch as Bucky grinds on him and spills hot, hard, wet over the fabric of his briefs. His chest rises and falls quickly as he strokes out through the afterglow, absently muttering, “God this was such a good fucking idea.”
It touches down a hundred yards to the right, landing with a sticky, deafening thud. Then it begins to
Lips part slow, and he can hear the sound of the skin unsticking, tacky with saliva. He can hear the almost velcro-like sound of the middle of Bucky’s tongue peeling away from the roof of his mouth, and then he’s soaring through the air toward the light again - then
Dean struggles with renewed vigor, mouth opening up to yell the angel’s name only to have himself drug straight back down the length of cock again until he’s at the base. Looks like Cas isn’t interested in smashing him in one spot anymore; now that he’s slick he rests more in the curve of fingers and dick slides over him instead like it’s
When he’s not out in public or working in some kind of boardroom, office space, political rally, what have you - when he’s stripped down to just an AC/DC tee thrown over a long-sleeved Henley, he instead starts carrying her to whatever work-space he’s primarily inhabiting and he sets her on the flat surface of his desk. She gets to watch his massive body roll around the room at high-speeds in a desk chair with the knowledge that if she were underfoot he would
It’s fucking amazing.
Maybe for the Cock Ring story, steve just keep snapping in and out of the curse, giving Bucky emotional whiplash
like hell at Dean’s expense.
That’s when the fun begins. The guy starts jerking himself nice and slow, not dragging Dean up and down but rather gripping him tight in that one special sweet spot and slowly jerking him and the skin around it, rubbing it out nice and easy, taking his time with an arguably loose hold. Precum slips through the slit above him, rolls down the tip and coats his face and chest. He does his best to spit it out, to squirm and struggle to get a hand to his mouth so he can wipe it away.
enough that she’s practically molded around the shape of his cock, hard and emitting intense heat from her arm all the way down to her thigh.
…Jesus.
the expectation radiating off of him. He throbs in the open air, cock bouncing down to the leather seat and back up again, the side of it ghosting her stomach as it moves.
He gets a little hard off and on throughout the day, but where things really get precarious is when Steve goes to bed. Bucky’s exposed to light and fresh air for a while as Steve walks around naked, Bucky gets an upside-down view of the floor hundreds of feet down for twenty or so minutes as Steve treks back and forth from his bedroom to the bathroom, as he brushes his teeth, as he goes about his routine - all the way up until he slides on a silky set of boxers once again encasing Bucky in darkness.
It isn’t that, though. It’s just one bicep and one thigh expanding outward by inches and then by feet.
“Hang onto my balls, Steve,” he murmurs, and the low tone in his voice suggests he’s fine with this continuing. He’ll do it all night, he’s clearly getting off on it.
Today’s a “pretend to be the FBI” day. It means his slacks are loose and blue, there’s no danger of a hunt, and it means he’s got to go into a police department with Sam to interview a couple cops and a couple witnesses.
Except, as it turns out, realizing he’d done it for as long as he did and gotten away with it - and the tantalizing thought that he could potentially do it again - have been driving him absolutely insane. He looks for Dean’s minuscule form on every possible surface every day for two weeks after.
Lesson officially learned, he goes still. Too little, too late - Steve’s already aroused, extremely asleep, but his body moves on instinct. He humps the mattress beneath him.
After that, he gets to work. Begins lathing and rubbing, running his hands over the head, wrapping his arms around it and kissing his slit like he might do Dean’s mouth. Distantly, he can hear the rumble of voices and the subtle deepness of Dean’s dipping even lower without realizing it. Beneath him, he can feel Dean’s cock begin to twitch, a needy pulse that almost matches his heartbeat save when Cas does a particularly good move that gets him abruptly jerked upward into the ceiling of fabric above him. He does whatever caused again, and again, and again until there’s a resounding
The world from Dean’s perspective is a hell of a lot less carefree. His stomach filled with a swooping dread the second he saw perfectly round globes coming down, down, down. Plaid, thin boxer briefs descended like in slow motion and he tried, he really did. Tried to run, heading for the front of the couch, thinking if he could just dive between those massive hairy thighs…
Cas moans then, too, at the feeling of muscles spasming around him, and he grips Dean’s hips, snaps them back into his own with ferocious speed, panting his way through orgasm. When he’s done, they both collapse heavily forward, crushing Sam into the soft fabric of a wet pillow, trapped under Dean’s rapidly deflating cock.
Her arms are pinned to her sides.
Harry is assumed to be over the age of consent.
“You can stay there until the next time, and once I finish I’m sure it’ll work you out.”
“Yeah, I mean… sure, that’s great and all, but after last night… Man, I’m sore from head to toe,” Dean admitted weakly, shifting back in the angel’s palm, trying to look at
Something shifts again. Something moves. Expands.
After that, the full expanse of it consumes him. He’s wrapped head to toe, gripped against cock, and massaged roughly into it by what he now knows to be a hand. There’s a rumbling
Almost there.
From that point on it became sort of a personal mission, from roping him in on double dates, forcing him to go out dancing, teasing him about this girl or that girl late at night whenever his imagination’s most vivid. The lowest Bucky’s ever seen him drop is about half height, and he scurried off before Bucky could do what he really wanted to do about it.
And then he peels back, and thrusts forward again. The second time, the sheets beneath Bucky feel wet. Not hard to guess the source, Steve’s started leaking and soaking the sheets beneath the head of his cock, then ramming Bucky through the slick of it as he ruts.
, the entire head of it. It takes up the entirety of her vision, a textured pink-red expanse of skin.
He keeps Bucky in there all. god. damn. day. He
After Castiel’s four hour marathon masturbation session, that god damn angel got up and walked away none the wiser of the hunter he’d been grinding on while he jerked - at least, that’s what Dean thinks. He’s much more careful about where he goes from that point on, and he doesn’t bring it up to the angel because – well, it’s freaking
, subtly rubbing himself with his other thigh.
“You two are doing a really- really great job, I appreciate this more than you know. I think- what if maybe we leave you like this? No more hunting, just… making me come. I keep you safe, you keep me happy. I think that’s the best strategy.”
Idk if this is up your alley, but for the prompts maybe steve being trapped in bucky's jockstrap while he works out? Aware or unaware. Or! Steve being hung like a necklace around bucky's neck and being smothered between his pecs. Just some ideas :)
By the time lunch rolls around, Bucky’s hard as hell and every few minutes reaching down to rub at himself through his trousers, pushing Steve into his sweet spot, pushing him into his balls through the fabric, massaging him into places whenever he can get a hand on himself and not get seen.
On every up stroke the balls lift up off of him just a little, and on every down stroke they slam back into him. It’s slow at first, with Cas breathing softly, taking smooth and circular motions.
Another sleepy
The sound Bucky makes above him is probably just a stuttering, long, languid moan to anyone else’s ears, but to him it’s all-consuming and bordering on deafening. He jerks himself through it rough and fast and needy, peak after peak slamming into him as he shoots hotly over his own chest.
That’s it. Nothing else. The thighs are too steep to climb, and even if she did what in the hell would she do next?
And then it’s back again, sliding forth. It doesn’t pause the second time, just pulls out as quickly as it went in, and it doesn’t fully leave. That’s when Sam’s situation really occurs to him. His brother’s jacking himself off with this thing, and he has no idea.
If anything, they only hasten along his next erection.
In the world outside, there’s a low and rumbling
“Please save your investigation for after you’ve returned the favor,” Cas demands, lust roughening his voice rather than sleep now, blue eyes blown and dark after the display he’s just seen. Dean can’t help but huff out a desperate, breathless laugh and comply. He ducks down, lips wrapping around Cas’s cock. Fingers dip low, circle Cas’s abused rim, and slide in easily thanks to the semen coating it. He probes gentle and soft, searching, searching.
And that’s the only warning he gets before Bucky starts walking out of the bathroom. The world passes by in a blur of color he only catches out of his peripherals. Every step sends a tremor to the flesh he’s hanging onto, and his grip becomes an absolute death grip.
"If you’re looking for Marvel prompts, here’s one: Steve gets shrunk and ends up trying to wake Bucky up to get help. It would probably have been better if he’d gone around those thick thighs, and ignored how easy it would be to climb the seam of the boxers, because Bucky is more than happy to satisfy the urge Steve is unknowingly causing."
He manages to dislodge himself from the remnants of his chip platform, winds up rolling end over end off of the tooth and to the floor beneath him - the slick, slippery underside of a tongue and the place it meets gums.
In the dark, Steve’s cock is all he can see. It’s all there
“Really?” she calls, and it makes his lips twitch up higher, his eyes sparking. That dangerous game of flirting he always tries to play with her is now spinning out of control, and it’s as though he’s taking her rebukes as a challenge or as encouragement to get progressively more bold.
Bucky goes to work with a little extra bounce in his step. Quite literally, unfortunately for Steve, who found himself slipping farther and farther down during their daily ritual of humiliation play - only for things to go a little too far and get a little too out of hand. Landing hard and heavy in Bucky’s sack had been the trigger for an orgasm even Steve knew must’ve been something else, and the exit sealed up behind him right on time for Bucky to realize he had to head to work.
to his left, to his right, grinding the chip there into dust before he even finishes biting down.
He settles back, then. Legs going long, shoulders hitting the mattress, lazily jerking through the stimulation each of them is providing him. Beneath his testicles, Wilson fights and his balls tighten up a little. His hand clamps down on the captain and, inside him, the redhead. He breathes, he allows them to struggle, and he plays with himself for hours.
Above him, a loud voice fills the air, reverberating all around him, rumbling like lions and wind.
“Bucky- Buck, please-”
“Steve, I’m serious, please-” though all his wilding and kicking doesn’t do much to help stop this - exactly the opposite.
The fingers of his right hand twitch, lifting the dick and then nudging it down into a sort of soft slap. At least, to Castiel’s perspective it was just a gentle tap, to Dean the full weight of it smacked him down in an instant. All three or four times his length, two or three times his girth, thrust down onto already sore muscles and knocking him flat on his back beneath the thing. He grunts out of sheer soreness, stiffness, and weakly pushes at it trying to get it off him.
he peels his hand away, quickly wiping it off on his own thigh so he can start detaching Bucky’s wrists again. “I’m sorry- I forgot you were down there. I forgot I put you back on my dick last night, I swear, I didn’t remember, I just woke up hard and it felt so good and then I was coming–”
rhythm. The deeper he slips, the tighter the passage around him feels.
He never comes. This lasts for hours, off and on - he’ll hump for nearly twenty minutes, then go still. He never goes soft again, he stays rock-hard and thumping pulses onto Bucky for another twenty or thirty minutes in between his dreams - then the humping starts up again, the moaning, the leaking, and Bucky swears he gets close to coming at least three times throughout the night.
“I’m gonna come, Steve- Make me come, make me come, make it good- God, fuck, yes- yes- FUCK-” His cock bursts with pleasure, he sees fucking stars, he can feel squirming through his orgasm, he can feel Steve threatening to erupt out of the top and he quickly runs his thumb over it to keep the guy in even longer, through every single aching bit of pleasure that punches through his pelvis.
He can’t hear Steve yelling, Steve knows he can’t. It’s impossible. He pounds his fist on that flap, scrambles and tugs at it wildly to try and get
Not the case. Cas breathes heavy and slow above him, going boneless, lazily grinding his hips into the couch, and by extension
“Bucky, I can’t… We can’t. I’ve never been able to- to come before, I get so small, I just…” But Bucky isn’t stopping still, he’s just working his hips steadily up and down in a delicious friction-y rhythmic drag on Steve’s crotch, milking out the pleasure that keeps centimeters falling off Steve regularly.
He stares straight down at Steve, unblinking. He can actually
She’s walking away, underwear up, out the motel door.
Soaking wetness cascades down from above him. It plasters his clothes to his stomach, plasters HIM to her underwear, and it’s only just the beginning. She’s going to come on him, the realization, the resignation, it hits all at once as her finger flies up and down enormous clit. Above him, her vaginal entrance clenches and unclenches with rolling pleasure.
He lands in the perfect position to keep himself alive. Oppresive fabric pushes down on him in every direction, but doesn’t crush him. Below his waist, two perfect boxer-clad asscheeks sandwich him and softly squeeze. The ridge of perineum above his face keeps his head and neck safe, and above his head almost pressing onto his hair, the boxer-clad shape of two massive testicles. Dean screams the angel’s name, but obviously through the metric tons of flesh and cloth around him, Cas can’t hear it.
When he sits this time, it’s onto a firm desk chair - and it’s by carefully grinding his hips forward so that Dean lands not under his balls, but directly under his ass. From there it’s a slow, careful squirm - left to right, right to left, gently separating his cheeks in a way he hopes seems absent and natural. It takes nearly fifteen minutes of back and forth before he feels confident that Dean is completely wedged between his left and right cheek, precariously close to a place he’s certain Dean very much does not want to go.
It feels amazing.
into it.
makes them squeeze up again, and from a small outlet now-familiar precum surges into her room.
“Alright, well, you know what to do if you want out, so.” His lips purse together, and after one final moment of hesitation waiting for him to change his mind, he lets the waistband snap closed. It eradicates the space between Cas and his junk, and he takes a second to just stand there and sort of feel it out. Drops his right hand down to experimentally cup himself through the fabric, jiggling and rearranging until Cas is snug against his sack. Another pause, and then he feels one telling, tiny little
just as a product of Bucky’s existence there. If Steve sleeps on his back, it slowly lifts him straight up in the middle of the night, and then gently douses him with precum when Steve leaks.
When he finally tears his eyes away, it’s to glance up Dean’s chest at his face. He’s staring, not at the porn on the television, but at his own dick. Biting his lip as he watches his own hand trace over it, a low moan rumbling through the back of his throat and filling his ears.
An eternity later, light streams in again and a hand invades. It isn’t Bucky’s. The nails are neatly manicured, the fingers would be dainty if they weren’t so god damn huge. They pass over Steve like a ship, dip down, down, down, and wrap around Bucky’s flaccid member. They play with it, massage it, grip it and roll it and
seem to me movement. It’s a weird sensation, a sort of twitching that comes from higher up in the jacket, like he’s being shaken.
The world goes from a wide open table or a hovering face to high, high walls of blue trouser fabric on her left and her right, coming together in nearly a v behind her.
His answer doesn’t seem to matter.
At one point, they drag up so hard and the shaking becomes so intense Dean thinks that’s it for him, and then he hears the guy
“Steve, you gotta take me off next time. I can’t
-and then they
see the fabric over his head shift like something alive is hovering over him. He’s trying not to think about that, either. He continues his ascent, cresting the balls, when abruptly the fabric shakes like an earthquake. It’s not. It’s Bucky’s cock, twitching beneath the fabric. Stiffening and curving upright into a tent, one that starts far off to his left and ends far off to his right in an impassable diagonal line. He’s going to have to climb over it.
He does, however, have self-control. He takes gratifying long strides toward his folded suit pants, and he gently pulls them on over top of his boxer briefs. With Dean sealed inside him, Castiel has plans for a mission.
, balls tugging up tight and both his load and Bucky shot out onto his own stomach, coating his friend in gallons and gallons of inescapable semen.
And again.
A bright pink mound, a smoothed over surface, shiny and as thick as the lip he’s on.
, and other such sad, sweet variants lamenting being gripped by her pussy.
based on the way he seems to aims his dick, seems to seek Sam out, seems to pointedly pass his most sensitive places over Sam’s chest and face with every slick nudge. He can hear bitten off moans that seemed to tear into sound exactly when he starts to squirm to get away again, and it doesn’t take him long to realize
When the last of his orgasm begins to round out, Sam absently dips to wipe the tip of his dick off on Bucky as well before he shakes his junk free of any last drop and tucks himself away back into his pants.
brief instant the entire weight above him lifts off. Dean feels two seconds of fleeting hope before it
The stairs, by the way, are a bit more of a shake-up. Sirius takes them quickly, a bit of a jog, and Harry finds himself reaching out to hug the stones he’s pressed against for some semblance of stability. He doesn’t realize he’s doing it until after his arms are wrapped around as much malleable flesh as he can reach. They flex gently in response.
As they got older Bucky shot up but Steve stayed the same more or less, and Barnes took great and uncomfortable pleasure in certain things that pointed out their disparity. Throwing an arm around Steve’s shoulders like he’s an arm rest, wrestling him to the ground playfully even though they both knew Steve didn’t stand a chance. Standing behind him in a crowd pretending not to see him.
The condom eventually blocks out her view of Clint’s face, and semi-transparent latex lands on the tip a few feet above her. Deft fingers press on the rim and slowly but surely drag it down, down, down, until it finally hits the back of her shoulders. He rolls it down her entire body, his fingertips coming off of her back one by one to be replaced with tight, lubricated condom.
Being kept in Sirius’s pants goes back and forth from being an incredibly boring affair to being an incredibly startling one. The walking part had been eventful, and so had his first time experiencing Sirius sit down at his desk. The glide was so smooth, the descent so mitigated by fabric and solid body, he didn’t realize what was happening until the weight of his testicles started to land heavily on Harry’s legs and thighs, and then skin and flesh began to spill over onto his stomach, partly burying him beneath his Godfather’s sack.
in half like nothing, sending debris exploding that is
. It can’t. It has nowhere to go.
“Alright, well, if you remember, give us a shout. Where’s my– alright, here you go.” A murmured incantation, and all of the mess is abruptly gone from both Harry and his environment. “Settle in, then, it’s time for bed.”
sensation Cas very much likes, so he kneads harder, gripping himself over his clothes and digging fingers into what he doesn’t realize is Dean’s back. Some unyielding force smashes Dean into the hardening flesh above him, dragging him a little back and forth against it with the feeling of fabric wrapped in steel unrelenting, smashing, crushing him into heat and pliable skin.
“Dean!”
” Evidently his cock didn’t get the memo, because it was still tingling, still pulsing and throbbing like there was a god damn vibrator in his jeans. Of course, he had no way of knowing that it was actually
His balls start tugging up, going taut, and they’re so encompassing they actually drag Steve off the chair and reel him in between them a little. His struggling-squirming to get out of them is what tips Bucky over the edge, and he comes with a deep, low groan. Hot semen spills over his fist as it furiously strokes his cock, some of it dripping down between his balls to coat Steve’s face.
now, and it wouldn’t be so bad except Dean’s got no idea he’s in here and Dean’s a
It’s around that point he stopped moving, out of sheer fear he’d tweak a pubic hair and get them grinding down on him next.
He shifts back a second later, curling his hand around his dick once again to start jerking off properly. It shakes the weight on Steve, lifting up off his chest enough to breathe during the upstroke and then crushing back down again on the downstroke.
“I still can’t believe it,” Bucky murmurs, stroking out a slow and gentle rhythm as he stares down in wonderment at the guy mostly covered by his testicles. “Look at you, you’re underneath ‘em and there’s not a damn thing you can do about it. You realize struggling down there feels amazing right? Jesus, fight it all you want, it feels so good.”
head, and with it being soft it’s almost exactly Castiel’s size if not a little smaller.
fucking him, and
him up the shaft all the way up to the head, skin bunching, his own head peeking over the tip of dick long enough to see the span of blazer, white dress shirt, tan trench coat, and then Castiel’s face. He’s reclined back on the pillows, hair tousled, eyes closed, lips parted,
probably doesn’t even adequately cover just exactly how hard he comes. Sam, tiny insignificant Sam, gets trapped in that open wall for a second as it shutters, as pressure builds inside Dean’s sac, prolonging his orgasm with his violent struggles, until the pressure builds up to a little too much and, like a gun, he’s shot outward.
“Steve, do not put me in there.”
himself into it. Dean can feel the flesh of perineum precariously start to press into him, those balls above his head start rolling and the wrinkly flesh of them behind those boxers starts to spill back, smothering his face until he can barely breathe let alone yell for the angel above him.
In his prison, Dean’s testicles sag again, this time not granting him more room but rather filling with semen, pre-precum, and Sam knows he’s got to get out right the
right now, without even an apologetic glance downwards.
“You can go straight to hell,” Dean rasps out in answer, though there’s a waver there admitting the first traces of uncertainty. He can’t be
has his limits and he’s got to admit he doesn’t have it in him for another night of borderline crushing.
again.
drags Bucky along with it - until the restraints at his wrists prevent him from moving, at which point the hand continues on without him, gliding over his body, keeping the pressure on his shoulders but still stroking his cock the rest of the way. Same thing on the way down, dragging him about an inch along the underside until his arms are taught and the backs of his fingers continue on their merry way to finish out a satisfying stroke.
It’s been a while since they’ve had any time. It’s always some case, some mission, some war, and Castiel resolves not to let this opportunity go awry. Carefully, in the dark, he strips away his coat and his suit. His shoes are tucked away in a corner, and with a single touch of his hand, his boyfriend is also naked- and still completely unconscious. Waking a sleeping Winchester is a precarious thing indeed, unless one knows the right way to handle it. Waking Dean up with sex? Always a sure-fire good idea. He moves across the room silently, bracing a knee on the mattress and reaching up to tug a free pillow down from the head of the bed.
as one huge digit loomed into view. He could see every single line of fingerprint heading right for him as though with a purpose, as though
For example, the one he just gave Steve while Steve had him in his fist along with his cock, jacking himself off furiously with the knowledge that Bucky’s serum leaves him practically indestructible so Steve’s free to be as rough as he wants as long as it feels good on his cock. He comes with a choked sound, shooting hot all over his own stomach, milking himself through it by grinding Bucky into his sweet spot for several minutes while Bucky obligingly rubs and licks it, sending shivers up Steve’s spine.
Tony’s an engineer. He works with his hands. His fingers are constantly engaged, always moving, and so probing her quickly is as natural to him as breathing.
but don’t tug him out. No, one finger
It feels a little like it’s becoming routine.
The sheet catches most of it, trapping it inside with him. It cascades over his body, nearly drowns him with the force of it shooting out at one point, and then his hand slows as his orgasm begins to fade.
It started a few weeks back when, for the hundredth time, Cas stopped in the middle of jerking it with his brow wrinkled up and an uncertain, “Are- are you okay? Was that too tight?”
He’s beyond small. The bag he’s in is a cathedral. The chip he’s on is nearly the size of the floor plan in his old apartment. If he’s even remotely noticeable at all, it’s as a fleck of seasoning at best.
Things slow down. The pressure eases off. Steve keeps stroking himself self-indulgently through the after-shocks, irreverent of Bucky’s condition, rolling his hips up into his own hand a few more times before it falls away.
These handlers have gotten weak compared to what they used to be. The brutality of the forties and fifties is gone, the cold generation of nazi war criminals giving way to modern technological masterminds more interested in cyber warfare than hands-on force.
And it’s with that thought Cas starts jerking himself off in earnest.
Minutes ticked by, then an hour, and from between the gaps of Dean’s knuckles he can see Dean’s lips part. A moan as loud as a train passes over Sam’s ears, and shortly thereafter the cage he’s in begins to move. It’s fast enough, far enough, that for a minute he feels vertigo. He can see Dean’s body beneath him, can hear the friction of clothes sliding against clothes, and Dean’s sleeping fingers disappear with Sam under the blankets.
He rolls forward again, and Steve can feel the rhythm pick up the pace. The sweeping dread in him probably matches the sheer heat running through Bucky as he thinks about the prospect. Waking up beneath them, trapped in cotton underwear, struggling to try and climb them. Crushed under them when Bucky sits, sweating his ass off when Bucky runs, falling asleep down there just to wake up under them again. Every minute of every goddamn day, with Bucky leaving him underneath his balls to make him feel good– or just because it turns him on knowing Steve’s under there.
them up Steve’s entire body. “Shh, you feel so good, Steve…”
By the time Bucky pulls them off of him again, his vision is spotting and he’s lightheaded. When he can see again, the first thing he notices is Bucky’s hand wrapped around his cock, absently stroking.
He steps back just an inch so he can furiously fuck his fist, filthily jerking it and aiming it down at Bucky’s red, angry skin. A long, low, needy moan escapes Steve right before he
at the flesh he’s buried in to peel himself out again. Gasps down air, sucking it into his chest. Those balls bury him up to chest now, gravity and fondling having drug him deeper down into the crotch of the jock strap. He struggles between them for a hand hold and a foot hold, trying to push-shove-drag-climb over the curve of them and out from underneath of them. They flex a little in response, surrounding his body and reeling him in as they almost sort of pucker, then release again.
All the while, without a hint of any of this going on above the table, he talks with a steady voice that she
as Dean’s fist pounds the desk on accident, struggling to choke down a noise as heat and lightning uncurl, and as he comes hot, wet, thick into his underwear and all over the tiny angel that strokes him through it - the entire way, all the way through to afterglow.
shakes himself and the ground beneath his feet. He’s on them in a second, through himself up and feeling for the gun in his waistband, hunter’s reflexes forcing him into action.
, then back down again, then back up again. It disappears, and instead the entire
more room between the edge of the seat and the tip of his dick, and he waits.
For Sam, the light is completely gone. Slick moisture’s starting to ooze up from beneath him, coating him and making the passageway slippery as it slides up, up, up, and out in a way that he’s too big to mimic. He’s lodged there and, if anything, sliding a little lower as his way is moistened by hot, persistent precum. Every thrash, every bit of protest now draws a hard throb of approval from Dean’s dick, and when the light disappears… well, he knows what’s about to happen.
Cas wouldn’t stop for all the money in the world.
, but Sam’s frozen in disbelief and horror. He’s too late.
Cas doesn’t protest. He’s on his back and ready to go in seconds, and Dean groans as he braces the head of his dick at the entrance.
He comes silently, a small choked noise, a hot rolling throb that goes from Bucky’s toes all the way up past his head, and then he spills hot and wet down the front of his underwear, and all over Bucky’s body in the process. Those fingers work him through it, smearing him through slickness against his dick, milking out every bit of it and coaxing himself into afterglow.
, liquid bursting forth and spilling all over the pillow.
“Don’t what, Steve?” He urges breathlessly, fist tight and thick, wet, filthy sounds almost blocking it out as he strokes.
When it reels back and the light filters in again, Bucky looks up to see the wide plane of a lower lip stretching around the head of Steve’s dick, and the it starts advancing toward him. Everything him seizes up with fear, but it stops about an inch above his head to reel back.
She doesn’t get the chance to ask.
at it instead of Cas’s face.
“Oh, hell no–” He manages, struggling with renewed vigor. Fortunately being propped up a little by his cock means Cas isn’t flush on top of him anymore, and his dick isn’t so thick as to cover Dean’s width, so he manages to tug out one arm and then the other. Thank
He slips again. He’s gotta be five feet down now, too low to see anything but Steve’s enormous eyes – unfocused, because they can’t see him in there anymore. That doesn’t seem to matter; the stroking gets faster, becomes a sort of
The world goes still like that, and Dean begins to sweat. The fabric above him gets moist with his own and with the sweat from Cas’s balls. He can feel the angel’s heartbeat through them, a steady but quick constant pounding. Every once and a while he’ll try in vain to pull his legs out again, and almost like Cas is responding to an absent itch, he
He can’t see Steve’s arm move, but he can
He moans, it reverberates through Steve’s entire body, and Steve moans himself, almost a sob, a desperate plea, pushing against Bucky’s dick as terror rapidly sets in.
didn’t want to be in this meeting in the first place. To find out it was twenty minutes delayed was like pure torture, not even enough time to leave the building for a coffee, didn’t bring his work into the room because this was
He struggles, he squirms, Cas
I know it's been a while, but I would appreciate a continuation of that nat/Clint post where Clint was undercover in the mafia :) 💙Me
As he steps, the entire earth quakes. One rhythmic, near-deafening booming after another, gently jostling Steve and
Something about that little guy taking a beating and getting back up… Something about it never really went away.
Shoving him under there while he’s running becomes sleeping with him under there, too. He’s hard nearly every minute in either case, but he doesn’t actually act on it at first. Not until one day when he steps out of the shower, starts drying off, and sees Steve standing on the counter about waist-height.
And then from somewhere around him, above him, everywhere, he hears an absent, “Hold on tight down there, buddy, I’m not stopping if you slip.”
Clint, for his part, knows that he
Slowly, gently, deliberately, he pulls her down onto him until he’s buried to the hilt.
It’s a tight squeeze, not terribly unlike being bound from head to toe in fleshy rope. Once he’s in, Cas’s hand drops away and his dick falls gently forward, still mostly soft with Sam stuck inside. He gets a clear view up Cas’s belly, his chest, to his sloping jaw and dispassionate gaze.
He’s pacing around his own office, getting closer to Dean. Stalking his prey. “But bright souls? Souls so pure they can’t be contaminated by evil? Once you try them, you can’t go back. They’ll keep you young. They’ll give you powers you can’t even imagine. And the taste? Well, that’s the best part.”
“Cas, you stupid bastard,” was the only thing that seemed to come out of his mouth and Dean immediately felt guilty for that. Cas had deserved more than that, he deserved more than to go out in one big, sacrificial play. He deserved more than making the mistake of dragging Dean’s ass out of hell and then sticking his neck out for him.
When Dean got back on the bed, a bottle of Astroglide in hand, Cas was waiting for him completely naked, his strong body on display, broad shoulders and thick thighs, strong biceps, and firm stomach. Dean felt like a slouch in comparison and self-consciously sat in front of Cas, fumbling his way into removing his pants and underwear. As soon as he joined the naked party, Cas’ hungry gaze was on him, a hand reaching for Dean, finally resting on his thighs. Dean trembled, unable to hide his own eagerness, leaning against the pillows and spreading his legs. He opened the bottle and slicked up his fingers, eyes fixed on Cas the entire time.
“Something on your mind?” Cas asks, handing him the bag with a grin. Dean opens the bag and is delighted to see that Cas bought him a bacon burger, which would explain why the grump isn’t complaining about the cold or about being up too early; fucker probably already ate two of these babies. Dean takes one bite of his burger and properly melts. “Mmm.”
Two fingers gently touched his temple and Dean felt the soothing touch of grace coursing through his body. He looked up to thank Cas, only to stare in horror at the house in front of him.
“Heaven was never real,” Anael says, tears quickly falling down her face. “They weren’t going to Heaven.”
before he’s far away enough.
“Dean, are you okay?”
“She seems nice.”
“Please,” Dean held onto Cas’ arms, feeling pathetic and small, still raw from Sam’s loss and refusing to be left alone. “Please stay with me, I can’t. I can’t do this.”
“Sorry!” Claire says, not looking sorry at all. Jack giggles. That’s when Dean notices their pants and boots are covered in mud. Huh.
Cas flinches as if Dean had slapped him, but when he recovers from it, a hard, cold look has taken over his face. “Don’t talk so freely about something you don’t understand.”
The bartender snorts and refills Dean’s glance as soon as Cas is out of sight. “That’s the saddest thing I’ve ever witnessed. This one is on the house, man.”
Yeah, Dean’s heard all that before. “Just fucking go,” Dean spits out, a chasm opening up in his chest. All this time, Cas has had Dean’s heart between his teeth, and he didn’t even notice.
Cas glares so hard his eyes look like tiny slits. “Please don’t say that ever again.”
The children laugh louder, patting his white shirt with dirty hands until it turns brown, and Castiel soon stops fuming and starts smiling, looking younger than ever.
“S’okay.”
“And what if I want to tease you, uh?” Dean grins, barely licking a bead of precome from Cas’ quickly-hardening cock. “What if I wanna take my time with you?”
“When did you start hunting?” Dean whispers in the dark of their hotel room. They stopped bothering with their sleeping arrangements long ago and only rent rooms with a queen bed now. It’s officially cold enough to require more than two blankets, especially since Dean is always running cold.
They do find a case. A suspected rugaru, two towns over. A week later it’s a coven of witches that takes them at least five days to dismantle. After that, there’s a particularly shitty ghoul. Dean and Cas work case after case with meticulous determination. Cas is the ideal hunting partner: clever and focused, in top physical shape and the owner of one hell of a sponge-brain, soaking in all the information in the blink of an eye. Dean hasn’t worked with anyone this quick since he and Sam used to hunt together.
“Castiel,” the woman hisses. “What the hell are you doing here?”
“Jesus fucking christ,” Dean groans. His muscles feel like they’re on fire, like Dean just finished the most brutal workout routine ever. Not even Jane Fonda would be able to match that amount of power.
“We can’t talk here,” Cas finishes. Anael points at the door, looking annoyed. “Michael could burst in here any minute, you know how nosy he can be.”
Dean snorts. Castiel is the complete opposite of scatterbrained. He’s more… thoughtless than easily distracted if it comes to that. “Dear ol’ honey buns, always with his head up in the clouds. That’s him,” he quips.
“A year ago?” Dean echoes.
Cas pinches the bridge of his nose. “Not now, Anael. And not— not
(And if he stole a bite or two in the process, no one had to know!)
“Do you feel better?” Dean asks.
by Led Zeppelin, and there’s only one person Dean was ever corny enough to assign that song to.
me happy.”
Cas laughs, but it’s self-deprecating. “I’m a fool.”
Cas is on the ground several feet away, no gun in sight, and both he and the other wolf are bleeding profusely. Dean points at the beast’s head almost automatically, shooting it three times. A heavy silence follows, only broken by Cas’ loud panting. He’s still sprawled on the ground, bleeding from an ugly gash on his thigh, face bruised. Dean guesses he can’t look any better.
Which was how he ended up crossing paths with Lee.
Dean has left the doorway open, and it’s up to Cas to see if he wants to cross it. They’re back to bantering and talking, the tense mood officially eradicated. Cas gets wrinkles around his eyes every time he laughs, and Dean wants to kiss them. He wants to kiss Cas all the time.
Cas’ fingers were thicker, and despite his curiosity and inexperience, he eagerly pushed two into Dean, fucking him with them he eagerly pushed two into Dean, fucking him with them until Dean was practically begging him for more. When Cas
, Dean thinks, with startling, painful clarity.
Then she grabs her girlfriend’s hand before speaking again, but her eyes are fixed on Cas. “Castiel, it’s… a week before you left, before we tried to run… Do you remember? Samandriel’s ascension? I was sneaking out of the house that night, to meet with Ruby. We were going to look over the plan and hide more supplies for the trip. I had to cross the path that leads to the forest, so I could hide between the trees. And then… I heard him. I heard Samandriel. He was
“All done, big guy,” Dean grins, patting Cas’ knee without thinking. He raises his head to look at Cas, only to find him staring at him.
“About a year ago.”
Dean is so busy ogling him, that he doesn’t even notice when the guy finishes his nasty bitter beer.
Dean snorts. “I bet you were a hit with the popular kids back at school.”
Cas only raises an eyebrow, as if saying
Dean chances another look at Cas, making sure that this is what he wants. His eyes are half-lidded and his mouth open, desire evident in every line of his body. Then, Dean is bending his head again, mouthing at the hard line of Cas’ erection, teasing him. Cas tugs at his hair impatiently, the head of his dick resting against the bottom swell of Dean’s lip. Cas is thick and big, and Dean can’t help but feel eager about having Cas inside him.
That’s why he’s so startled the first time he loses sight of them.
The crowd disperses and everyone goes back home, and the night goes quiet again.
By the time Sam squeezes his shoulder to let him know that it’s time to
Sweaty and panting, Cas seems as overwhelmed as Dean feels. “You’re so warm,” he breathes, almost reverently, pulling out and pushing back in, and Dean has to bite his own lip to stave off what feels like an explosive orgasm.
And it hurts, it hurts, it--
The bed looks big enough to house an entire family, and Dean wonders if he’ll be the first one to warm it again after the prince’s former wife left for the Southlands. The comforter is soft to the touch, luxurious in its opulence, so different from the smelly, stiff sheets on his bed back at the tavern.
“Listen, Dean,” Bobby snaps him out of his upcoming panic attack. “You’re gonna need a stake. But not any stake. You need to make one out of a native tree from the deity’s place of origin. Where are you?”
“So, when you ascend… you… go to Heaven?” Dean raises a very skeptical eyebrow, but she doesn’t seem to notice.
Cas has deadly aim, he’s a pro at exorcisms, he sucks at cooking and keeps fucking up his laundry, but he sleeps with an arm over Dean’s waist now and he kisses like he’s starving for it, and Dean loves the way he can fit his nose in the crook of Cas’ neck and nose his stubbly cheeks and fall asleep warm and content.
“Cas,” Dean croaks, “what… why are you… are you okay?”
Cas pulls back to look at him, blue eyes searching in the low light. The curtains are closed and the room is quiet and dark, the tense silence only broken by the sounds of their breathing.
, the moment Cas pulls his fingers out and quickly unzips his jeans to pull himself out, his thick, long cock dripping precome, he knows he’s lost. He sinks into Dean’s ass in one long, mind-meltingly good stroke, Dean sobs so much with pleasure that he doesn’t give a fuck about anything else but wanting Cas all over him, clinging onto his shoulders as Cas starts pounding into him, cornering him against the backseat, his fingers digging into one of Dean’s thighs.
"What's wrong with stout?"
He’s lost Cas once, twice, even a third time. He’s not losing him again.
His chest aches when Cas tells him about Jack’s first smile, and aches again when he starts noticing that Cas and Jack seem to share an unrivaled connection, anticipating and understanding each other’s needs on a level that’s beyond human. Soon, Jack has another bassinet in Cas’ room and childcare is being split between the two, giving Dean his first nights alone since he and Sam brought Jack into the bunker.
Now, the stone halls are barely alight with the soft morning light, and not even the cook is awake yet, so Dean putters around the kitchen as quietly as he can, running a list of ingredients in his mind. It’ll be a couple of hours before he needs to drag the children out of bed, but since moving into the castle, every morning has started early for Dean. The excitement was the first thing that used to get him out of bed, the first days when he thought that he and Castiel could grow to love each other… Now, mostly, it’s the homesickness and the longing that strikes him whenever he doesn’t get a new letter from Sam and Charlie or when he misses Jo coming around for an errand.
“I-- Yeah. Needed to make myself useful, y’know? Can’t have Cas doing all the work here.”
Dean tells him everything they’ve been able to piece together, and the theory they came up with before calling. Bobby listens, making grumpy sounds and keeps them hanging more than once as he disappears into his own vast library to search for lore.
“You’re a righteous man, Dean Winchester. And I can’t see souls, but I have no doubt that you have the brightest soul I’ve ever known.”
“I can’t protect you.”
Dean flushes bright red, suddenly feeling vulnerable. Cas is just some guy he fucked a few weeks ago after a hunt, basically just a business partner. Dean knows almost nothing about him, and Cas knows the bare minimum about Dean.
“Cool it, Grizabella.”
Dean loves him so much it hurts sometimes.
Cas stares at him, silently. Dean wonders if Cas pities him, if he sees right through him, if he’s been aware all this time of how Dean has been clinging to him, craving his affection and company, enjoying Cas’ presence in his life more than Cas enjoyed Dean’s.
“You aren’t funny,” Claire pouts, but she gets closer to the table, where Dean has been kneading fresh dough.
Dean wants to ask
Cas was gone, probably before morning even came, and Dean pretended to shrug it off and push it down into the mental box of things that were too unnerving to look at.
Since Sam left and Dad left, every time Dean hunts, he wonders: what if this is the last time? What if this is the end? What if his body is never found, and Sam and John go on with their lives, assuming that Dean went on his own way too, never missing him enough to wonder if he’s still alive?
“Your brother just… gave us a house?” Dean blinks, probably looking as confused as he feels. He’s already finished unloading their bags from the Impala while he gave Cas time to talk to Michael. From the way Cas is grumbling, Dean doesn’t know if that conversation actually went well.
“And what would that be?” Cas asks, barely hiding the suspicion in his voice.
Dean nodded, chewing at his bottom lip, legs starting to shake. “Yeah—fuck, I love it—this is called prep, it’s…
“No, it’s okay,” Dean grunts, shying away from Cas’ touch. “You’re his real dad, you should spend time with him.”
“Because I’m always going to do whatever I can to protect you and Jack.”
“He was eating souls. He wasn’t-- it’s complicated.”
Huh. Cas remembers his name.
“Well, you thought wrong,” Cas snaps, an ugly look across his features. “I’m not going back there. Not for you. Not for anyone, Dean.”
Later, when Cas showed up out of nowhere for the sole purpose of saving their asses from getting kicked by Zachariah only to leave immediately after, Dean pretended that he didn’t have to crush a wave of longing with the weight of his own anger.
“I’m not moping.”
By the time he’s ready to go, his mood is foul with anxiety and the remnants of his poorly repressed melancholy. He’s always been good at compartmentalizing but sometimes
That’s when Cas calls.
More importantly, did he purposely steal Dean's hunt?
“You look like you’ve got a lot on your mind,” the bartender points out, somewhat obviously, and Dean just offers up his empty glass of whiskey silently. It’s been two months since he and Lee stumbled upon the horrific thing that finally killed all of Lee’s hopes of ever contemplating a permanent career in the hunting lifestyle and forced him to gracelessly ditch Dean.
“Why?” Dean asks, voice barely steady. Vaguely, he notices that he’s only wearing underwear, and that he’s free of any traces of semen. Cas must have cleaned him after he fell asleep.
He’s just some dude, trying not to mess things up. With a kiss to Jack’s forehead and a tired sigh, Dean puts Jack back in his bassinet, then leans on the edge of it to stare at him.
There, crouching on the dirt and looking nervous as hell, lingered His Highness. His mop of messy, dark hair was unmistakable.
“I,” Dean says, voice shaky, “need to make a call.”
“Were you three having fun?” Castiel asks but doesn’t wait for Dean to answer. “Never mind. You should go inside and clean up before someone sees you like this.”
“Well,” Dean sighed, walking straight towards his bed and laying on it, staring at the cracked ceiling. “This is it, man. Last night on Earth.”
. Cas sends him a silent, questioning glance, but Dean shrugs his concern away. His hands are shaking so hard that he isn’t able to open the car door. He doesn’t even notice that Cas is standing next to him until his fingers are wrapped around Dean’s wrist and he’s taking the car keys away from him.
The first time he crossed looks with Castiel, he was fourteen and Castiel was a proper adult, and he was getting married to another person. The castle was buzzing with chaos and activity, servants running everywhere to appease the Queen and offer her youngest son a wedding he wouldn’t forget. Ellen and Jo had roped him into baking a few pies for the ceremony, even though he didn't work at the castle; it was the least he could do for the woman who had taken him in and his adopted little sister
“Your sister,” Dean echoes, surprised.
“And...” Cas adds, taking another drag from his joint, head thrown back and eyes on the stars. “Maybe you should consider a new career choice if this is upsetting you so much.”
Dean blinks again, lungs starting to burn with the telltale signs of panic, and then he’s staring at
“What do you want, Dean?” Cas asks, touching his lower lip. Dean resists the temptation of kissing the tip of his finger.
“Tell me this is real.”
Okay, then. Looks like it’s up to Dean to provide explanations. To which Dean obviously says,
This time, Dean remembers being a teenager and boldly touching the prince’s hands, staring at his face and wondering how it would feel, to be touched by someone so beautiful and so kind, and he aches for the silly, enamored kid that he used to be.
“Ammit judges souls, right?” Cas asks, out of the blue, eyes intensely focused on Dean when he looks at him, making him squirm.
“We should totally team up for future hunts, we're clearly better together… And we can be hunting-buddies-with-benefits,” Dean winks, hiding how much this means to him, just to make a point and distract Cas away enough that he won’t notice Dean’s inner drama.
“They found me,” Cas mutters, pacing around the room. “They found me, Dean. They must know.
Cas smiled at him. It wasn’t pretty. The corners of his lips were downturned, the lines around his mouth looking starker than ever.
Legs shaking like crazy, hand fisting the sheets for purchase, Dean sobs openly as Cas finger fucks him again. His whole body feels like it’s made out of water, and he’s not sure that he can come again, but he’s sure that he wants this. He wants Cas to keep touching him, to keep looking at Dean the way he’s looking at him now: like Dean is the best fucking thing Cas has ever seen.
“I know. Look, I’m sorry I haven’t helped enough, it’s just that I’ve been trying to find—”
“Dean wanted to help,” Cas offers.
(He’s cutting off heads, he’s punching faces, he’s stabbing chests.)
, the small baby in his arms starts to blink awake, light-blue eyes wide and confused, a little all-too-familiar frown on his face.
“What do I do?” Cas didn’t have time to ask any deeper questions before Dean dragged him into a slow, sweet kiss. Cas kissed back clumsily, starting out hesitant and tepid, mimicking most of what Dean did, until he grew hungrier, firmer. He parted Dean’s lips with his tongue, proving to be the quickest student Dean had ever had.
Cas looks like he’s about to puke.
“Well, that’s why I have you here now,” Michael tuts, then turns to look at Dean. His smile goes even wider, almost predatory, giving Dean a full once over again. “I see you’ve brought your husband.”
“Fucking he--
Cas sat right next to him on the floor, leaning against the wall, blowing away smoke from the huge joint perched in his fingers. Dean wanted to ask
“It’s starting,” she says, voice thin.
“You’ve gotta be fucking
Dean guesses he could look around for one of those bars geared towards hunters that his dad mostly avoided since he kept pissing everyone off. Ask around in some sort of… smartly coded message. He’s so busy trying to come up with something clever, that he almost misses it when a guy sits right next to him at the bar, asking the bartender for a stout.
At the same time, Cas had convinced him that, given Cas’ disaster of a family reunion (ha), things can’t possibly go any worse, so they should try visiting Sam in Palo Alto so Dean finally gets the chance to reconnect with his brother. It’s not a bad idea at all; it’s just that Dean hasn’t seen Sam since he stormed out to Stanford and he’s
“I was homeschooled,” Cas says flatly.
“I can,” Cas leans down to kiss Dean’s cheek. “And I will.”
Dean shrugs. “Fair. I do tend to overthink things.”
“I think… I’m more terrified of seeing Anael than whatever may happen here.”
Dean can’t help but smile, whenever he thinks about it, how Jack and Claire make his chest go tight with longing and affection, too.
“Cas, I can’t--
He puts on a good face in front of the children, but it’s tiring to pretend that you’re happy when you were truly
Filled with a sense of shame that he can’t even understand properly, Dean shakes his head. “No.”
They go through multiple books, trying to find anything that may give them some hints, from the Bible to old angelology books. They consider and discard so many theories that frustration begins to seep in quickly.
“Your maid is going to faint when she sees the state of your clothes,” Dean snickers. “You guys look like little mud monsters.”
Cas takes one look at him, says, “Jesus fucking Christ,” and spills down Dean’s throat, hot and bitter. Dean swallows all of it, and then pulls back carefully, breathing through his nose. He licks the tip of Cas’ cock one last time, cleaning him with his tongue, then tucks him back into his pants.
him, and touch his face, and tell him about all the prayers and the things that he’s kept to himself. “Let’s get you out of those wet clothes and I’ll make you some soup.”
“And?” Dean asks, once they part for air, foreheads pressed together.
And this how Dean writes his own version of said story:
“Dean, I know we can get her back, I just need your help to find a way faster. And once we’ve got her, we could try and—”
“I’m going out,” Dean grunts, because it’s obvious that Cas won’t talk about what’s bothering him, and that he wants to be alone. “Don’t wait up.”
“Cas… hell, no,” Dean laughs nervously. “No, man. I’m not worthy at all. You’re the worthy one! Look at everything you’re doing to help these people!”
Cas’ nostrils flared; his thumb drawing circles on Dean’s left thigh. “Do you enjoy this?”
("We aren't Bonnie and Clyde or whatever you think we are, Dean," Lee shouts, looking like he is at the end of his rope, wild and frantic and ready to break. "That's not our life, that's never going to be our life. We're just two miserable bastards stuck on the least rewarding road trip we'll ever make, and I'm so sick of this shit, Dean. I'm sick of monsters, and I'm sick of playing hero. I’m out.”)
There, standing in the middle of the room, a very soaked Cas pitifully looks at him, still dripping water from the storm.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas says, looking as tense and stoic as the last time they saw each other, the corners of his mouth barely ticking up. There’s a frown obscuring his brow that Dean wishes he could erase with a brush of his thumb and a kiss.
“I don’t?” Prince Castiel tilted his head in obvious doubt, looking even more ruffled, and not at all princely, as he was still surrounded by juicy watermelons. (Dean was getting distracted).
“What is he doing?” Anael asks, but it’s not a question for any of them. “What is he going to do to us?”
“Did you even
“We heard a scream,” Anael says loudly, taking in their pitiful state. “Is he…”
“It’s me,” Cas nods, bold enough to step up to Dean for a closer look, his arms limp at his side, clothing looking absolutely disgusting. “You can run all the usual tests if you want.”
“Okay, fine. But,” Dean keeps pushing, and pushing, desperately trying to stop feeling whatever feelings of devastation are settling inside him. “Why the fuck are you running away in the middle of the night?”
“Yeah, about that…” Cas trails off, actually sounding regretful as he picks up a container full of stir-fry. “I’m sorry, Dean. I was in a pretty foul mood.” He lowers his eyes to the ground, frowning, and Dean can’t take it anymore.
They’re laying next to each other, close enough for their noses to touch, naked and freshly clean after sharing a hot shower and a couple of fast blowjobs. Dean is tracing the line of one of Cas’ biceps, feeling the strong muscle under his fingertips, their legs tangled together under the covers.
“I’m helping the cooks,” Dean said, slowly, not knowing if he was doing a good job of addressing an actual
Dean tried to remember the last thing he said to Cas, only to come up empty-handed.
“You ungrateful little brat, I took you and your snotty sister in, your parents barely
Cas didn’t answer at first, but he reached for Dean’s shoulder. Gently, he pulled down his flannel and pushed up his t-shirt’s sleeve, uncovering the handprint on Dean’s shoulder. “I left my brand on you. When I pulled you out of hell—I had to give you a small part of myself in order to carry you out with me. A very small part of my grace lives and breathes in you, connecting us.”
Dean opens and closes his mouth, trying to make sure that his jaw still works, that it’s not wired shut again after his dad broke it. Has to remind himself that Dad's not here. He can hear Sam’s voice in his head asking,
Having finished with the steps, Dean puts his weight on them to see if they’re good. Once satisfied, and still buzzing with a simmering feeling of dread, he puts Muriel’s tools back in the case and shoots her a cocky smile.
Their children.
“Who even drinks stout,” Dean snorts and shuts up right after seeing the stranger. His eyes are bright blue, and he has the most beautiful lips Dean’s ever seen on a guy. The line of his jaw is strong and elegant, covered in a layer of stubble that already borders a proper beard, and his hair, black and messy, makes him look like he just got out of bed.
Cas curses, his fingers buried in Dean’s hair, pulling a moan out of him. “Dean, your
“There’s time for you to find out what you want, Dean.” Cas pulls him closer until Dean’s head is nestled under Cas’ chin. He tells himself that they’re only huddling for warmth, that there’s nothing more to this, but Dean’s always been a shit liar. He knows he should move back, should put space between them, but it's like he can't move, can't ease himself away from Cas' arms. Dean hates how perfectly he fits there, but he refuses to think about Cas beyond their tacit agreement
The entire day feels too peaceful to be real. It passes in a blur of takeout, TV (there’s a channel playing the first Star Trek movie and Dean is so making Cas watch that) and Dean sharing what he knows about the possible chupacabra case with Cas.
That’s all Cas seems to need. He leans down, crowding Dean against the bed and grabbing his thighs, his mouth just inches away from Dean’s, and starts thrusting hard and deep, mouthing at the corner of Dean’s lips, going as fast and rough as Dean begs him, only looking away from Dean’s eyes to stare at the desperate way Dean’s fisting his own cock.
“Anael, stop being annoying,” Cas grumbles. “Get to the point, we’re wasting time here.”
but nothing came out of his mouth, except for—
“I’m taking care of a two-month-old baby, Sam, what do you expect?” Dean snaps at him, not feeling guilty when Sam winces.
“It offends,” Cas says, still panting. “That he’s the one getting all the credit.”
is he?”
Dean’s last thought before falling asleep is that he should pull back and give Cas some space, but his body feels too heavy and Cas is just the amount of warmth he needs.
“Yeah, well. Same here. Just passing through. What do you do?” Dean gives it another try. This time, the stranger does smile a little. “I’m Dean Winchester.”
Everyone at the camp eyed him with different levels of distrust, so Castiel was the only one who offered to shelter him for the night. Personally, Dean thought that the idea was a fucking nightmare, but he was too anxious to feel alone, and he wanted to see… more. To learn more about a Cas that was so painfully human that he had adopted humanity’s favorite destructive coping mechanisms: alcohol, drugs, and sex.
Muriel’s hopeful desire to see her husband, her happy tears, her joy. Everything about it makes Dean feel sick. Michael walks with her into the forest, disappearing between the trees until they can’t see anything and Dean doesn’t follow them because Cas stops him, tugging at his arm forcefully.
“You aren’t going to tell me that my head is going to hurt from thinking too much?”
“It’s a minor Egyptian deity. Ammit was in charge of weighing souls. If the souls were found to be guilty, they’d devour them as punishment.”
“You fucking bastard,” Cas snarls, only to be silenced by a brutal swing.
He pats the dough, humming, trying to be mysterious just to spike Claire’s curiosity. “You ever baked pie?”
“Because…” Dean swallows past the heavy lump stuck in his throat, tears finally falling on his face. “Everyone leaves me. I drive everyone away. I’m not worth anyone’s time. I’m not worth anything at all. Just some guy with a GED and a give ‘em hell attitude.”
Cas frowns. He lets go of Dean’s chin, touching his cheek softly. Tenderly. With affection that feels so genuine, it makes Dean’s head spin. “Why do you say that?”
Cas sighs, finally releasing Dean’s arm. “I’m sorry, Dean.”
This is how Dean starts to emulate his father’s journey: with fire, death, and loss.
Dean sighs. “Thanks, Bobby. You saved my ass.”
. “Take off your clothes, c’mon.”
Cas jumps into Baby as soon as Dean opens the door. “Just drive,” he barks. Dean, still too baffled to argue with him, drives back to their motel, buzzing with too many questions, but not brave enough to ask anything yet. Cas gets out the car like a flash, right after Dean parks at the motel, and almost closes the door to their room in Dean’s face.
He was always lost.
“Next steps?” Cas stutters.
“I don’t think you understand how wonderful you are, Dean,” Cas smiles at him. It’s a real smile, one that shows that Cas isn’t holding back anymore, less reserved and more indulgent. “You’ve changed our lives for the better. I see the way you are with Claire and Jack and I’m so
Dean frowns, confused. “Why can’t you guys be together?”
“Dean. Dean Winchester.”
“Look at you,” Cas says, sounding achingly tender, finally slowing down a little. It’s like he’s taking his time to memorize Dean’s face, touching his cheekbones with a gentle thumb, then running a finger down his lower lip. “Dean, if you could see yourself.”
“Sure,” Dean said lightly, “that’s why you’ve been out here moping. Alone.”
“Hey,” Dean tries to smile, but he knows it doesn’t look very authentic. If Cas notices, it doesn’t look like he cares.
“Thank you, Dean,” Cas reaches out for Dean’s hand on top of the table, and Dean swallows down a
“Not possible,” Dean hisses, not even contemplating the implication. “I’ve been doing this forever, man.”
“We could meet up later,” Dean suggests.
Cas scoffs, clearly offended. “You can’t steal a hunt.”
,” he pulled out, fighting a full-body shudder, then grabbed the hand Cas was using to pet his thigh. “You wanna put your fingers in me?”
It’s clearly a joke, but it hits Dean straight in the chest.
He can hear Cas say
Jesus, he sounds like a blubbering idiot. The sting behind his eyes feels more urgent. He’s pathetic.
Cas notices him watching and snorts, smoke accidentally coming out of his nostrils and making him look like a particularly loopy dragon. “When was the last time you got high and actually relaxed, you control freak?” he asks, passing the joint to Dean, who brings it up to his lips and takes a lungful. He starts feeling toasty and lazy in a matter of minutes, Cas’ question stuck between his thoughts.
However, as soon as Castiel let her go, he was pressured to marry again, his mother insistent on the children needing a steady presence, someone who could balance Castiel’s absence when he was busy fulfilling his princely duties.
“If you had been in my place, would you have been able to leave your brother behind?”
“Nice!”
Dean should have known it wouldn’t last.
“So, what,” Dean sneered, standing up on shaking legs. “You’re all powered up again, so you’re back to doing their bidding?”
There are a lot of questions stuck in Dean’s tongue, but his line of thought is interrupted by a series of annoying sneezes. His eyes started feeling watery as soon as they got close to the gates. Maybe it’s the pollen.
. Someone who drank while being cheered by strangers, sang karaoke, and stumbled back into a motel room in the middle of making out. It was a fantasy.
Still, Dean keeps filling his time with small hunts that don’t require too much of his brain in order to work. He takes care of three other cases involving ghosts, and one particularly nasty ghoul that ends up with him falling through a window and having to patch up himself later. Overall, it’s not that bad, though it’s… definitely slow going, and he’s had more productive work periods before, but two more months go by before Dean can finally breathe without feeling like he’s running out of air, and that his chest is too small for his lungs.
The man takes another sip of his dark beer. "Well, my opinion is that stout is good. The stuff they've got here is hard to find anywhere else, too."
“I didn’t leave because of you, Dean. I left because I was convinced that I should solve this mess on my own. That Michael was my responsibility and I needed to atone for running away and leaving Anael behind,” Cas kisses his cheek. “But I got scared, and I ran away again. And then it became clear that I needed to trust you and ask for your help. And…”
“I just told you I’m busy,” Dean grumbles, trying hard not to feel annoyed. But he’s tired, and he doesn’t want to talk to anyone. Spending the last two months with Jack has been better than talking to other adults simply because Jack doesn’t know any words.
"Just stating my opinion, man," Dean stutters out, trying desperately to get a hold of himself. Just because the guy is hot doesn't mean Dean can't have a fucking conversation with him. Get your shit together, Winchester.
“He’s planning something,” Cas says carefully, “or he wants something.”
“No, just the same things I was suspicious about before I made up my mind and left,” Cas frowns, pausing for a moment so he can eat a little. “Though I do have access to the main house’s library, now.”
“Then why did you leave me?” Dean sobs angrily. “I was alone before you showed up and ruined me for every other person. I thought we were getting somewhere. I thought we were going to
Fucking asshole had only given Dean more proof that he had always been fundamentally broken. But seeing Cas visibly slumped and defeated after such a shitty experience gave him the necessary fuel to draw him out of a possible spiral of
Dean’s heart beat faster, and his pulse picked up as Cas continued to talk. "This is what's left, Dean, of my grace. Of my ability to help you and Sam. I'm fading so quickly, and when it's gone, I'll just... I'll be human. I don't regret what I'm doing, I only regret that I won't be able to do more"
“Oh, Dean,” Cas says, mournful, “I’m sorry I ever let you feel that way. I promise it’s never going to happen again.”
Cas nods, lips barely touching Dean’s nose. “I was… in a precarious situation. I ran into a siren a few days after I left the only home I had known,” Cas wrinkles his nose in distaste, and Dean is close enough to be able to see it. “She almost got me, luring me with promises of a new life, when a hunter showed up and killed her. I was so shaken that he bought me dinner and explained what had happened to me. Dean, thanks to the place where I was raised, I had a very vague knowledge of all things supernatural. I lived in ignorance for twenty-five years, and one single experience changed everything for me, changed the entire world as I knew it.”
Good things, after all, do happen.
The woman squints suspiciously at him at first, probably because she’s never seen him before, assessing him. She gives up quickly, though, looking too annoyed with her damn hammer. “You look like you're good with your hands," she says, and basically shoves Dean at the stairs, then takes a seat on a stool right next to the fence. Looks like she’s going to be supervising him while he works.
“Cas, wait,” Dean tries to speak between kisses. “Cas, are you--”
“I’m okay,” Cas mumbles, hiding his face in Dean’s neck and sucking a bruise there, pressing messy, desperate kisses against his throat. “I’m okay, I swear.”
Dean takes a leap, and shortens the distance between them, pressing a hesitant kiss to Cas’ lips, eyes fluttering closed. He starts shaking, pulse racing too fast, and he’s about to pull back with an apology on the tip of his tongue when Cas—Cas starts kissing him back.
Cas sighs. “Who doesn’t feel better after an orgasm?”
Eddie was nice to him. They shared many, many other joints. He used to bring two sweaters to school and lend one to Dean whenever he felt cold, and big lunches that he’d share with him so Dean wouldn’t go hungry. It was the peak of romance to sixteen-year-old Dean, and they liked to hold hands and trade hungry kisses with each other behind the bleachers. Dean would make up multiple excuses to hang out with Eddie on his own and away from nosy little brothers.
Claire’s eyes go wide, like a cat spotting a particularly shiny prey.
“In Northern California,” Cas smiles, but it looks more like a grimace. “In the foothills of the Sierra Nevada, where everything is green and
“Uh? Sponsor?” Dean blinks. Then he remembers Cas asked him to pretend to be his husband, and he flushes right up to the tip of his ears. “You mean my husband?”
Dean considers telling him how lonely his room feels and how his bed is too big and too cold for him, but he’s a coward and he hates how needy he sounds inside his own head. So, he shrugs and chooses to lie. “Couldn’t sleep. What about you?”
The world was going to end tomorrow and he wanted to go out with something that reminded him of a good time. Soon, the only sounds in the room were the slap of skin, Cas’ low panting, and Dean’s loud, ridiculous moans. Cas gripped him by the hips and started driving into him, harder and faster, until Dean could barely hold on for the ride. Cas sat up, and Dean held onto him, throwing his arms around Cas’ shoulders until his thighs were quivering and he was coming, cock rubbing insistently against Cas’ firm belly.
“I know,” Cas grunts. “But you were upset and I needed to cool down and-- I took an alternative path, so I could try to follow Michael. There’s a clearing, in the center of the forest, and he… he… Muriel--”
“You’re lucky, boy. Find a cypress.”
“I’ve been told that before.” Dean smiles, bumping his shoulder with hers, watching as Claire stops huffing and starts to smile. She looks so much like Cas.
“Are you sure?” Cas asks, with this shuttered look that Dean hates because it means Cas is going full Vulcan on him. That he’s keeping himself away from Dean willingly, regressing back into a virtual stranger, like he’s that suitcase from Pulp Fiction, full of shiny mysteries that Dean isn’t allowed to unpack.
“Younger siblings are genetically predisposed to be nightmares, Cas,” Dean jokes, feeling warm when Cas actually smiles at him. He just wants to see Cas smile more. “Breakfast?”
“Not yet,” Cas says, now grabbing Dean’s thighs to get more comfortable as he eats him out, licking into Dean in long strokes, fucking him with his tongue until Dean is desperately clenching around him, begging for more.
“I’m sorry I left,” Cas starts, sounding solemn. “I’m sure you understand the reason now…”
“Dean…”
“Jesus,” Cas drags his hand down his face. “What do we need.”
Dean has very little time to think about how quickly he agreed to help Cas.
Dean gets rid of his jacket, boots, and jeans, and crawls into the bed, pleasantly drunk and looking to get warm. The wide planes of Cas’ back and the firmness of his shoulders look so inviting that Dean can’t help but cuddle against him, resting his cheek against the spot between Cas’ shoulders, right in the middle of his back. Cas sighs in his sleep and Dean clumsily wraps an arm around his middle, feeling content like only a drunk fool does.
The question bears repeating as, over the next three months, Dean runs into Cas on five of eight total hunts. On one occasion, he doesn't even really see Castiel, just catches a glimpse of him as he's leaving a seedy hole in the wall bar one night as Dean comes in. But every time Dean's in the same town, the hunt's done by the time he puts the clues together.
“Indeed.” Michael stops smiling, looking dead serious as he rests his annoying paws on Cas’s shoulders. “At last, the prodigal son returns. And he’s not alone,” he focuses on Dean, then, and something in the intense way Michael is looking at him manages to send a chill down Dean’s spine, his eyes looking him up and down, taking him in.
