“I’m grabbing a pregnancy test.” He said. He went into their bathroom and into the bottom cabinet underneath the sink.
A few months ago the thought of that didn’t seem so terrible. But now, Sam wasn’t sure if he could go through with it. Becky finally got what she wanted. Sam would be shackled to her, and there was nothing he could do about it.
Sam inched closer to his brother and brought him for a hug. He soothingly rubbed his back until he heard Dean’s cries lessen. “I’m not going to let that happen,” he promised his brother. Dean then took his hand lightly cupped his brother's cheek. “I’m sorry for screwing up your face.”
Sam rubbed his tired eyes. “She’s fine. She slit her wrists but right before, she called the Suicide Hotline. Luckily, they called the authorities when she hung up and they found her just in time.”
Dean groaned as he geared up for a tongue lashing from his brother. “Don’t get your panties in a bunch. Gabriel can’t help me right now.”
Dean on the other hand was going through Hell. He will never understand why a woman would voluntarily want to put her body through this. Once he reached 28 weeks, any and all morning sickness has stopped, except for when he smelt ham. Ham always sent him over the edge. Now he was dealing with constant urination and his aching back. He had other symptoms but those were the worse. Getting flung around by ghosts and demons ruined his back. Sam had begged him to see a chiropractor when they were actively hunting, but he always refused. Said that it was nothing a stiff mattress couldn’t fix. But a stiff couldn’t fix this. With his body growing bigger and bigger by the day, his back was in constant agony.
“Something tells me this ain’t the stomach flu. If I’m pregnant, I want to wait to tell Sam and Becky. At least until we’re past the dangerous stage,” Dean explained.
“Stop talking,” Dean said calmly. He turned around and tossed the dish towel to the side. “Just stop. What the hell is going on? Why do you keep running to Heaven?”
Dean didn’t waste any time. He clenched and continued pushing until the baby slipped into Sam’s hand. “She’s here Dean! You did it.”
“I don’t know about you, Dean, but I feel like we’ve been in this relationship for years. I’ve loved you for a very long time. I thought maybe we would be ready for this,” Cas said solemnly.
After dessert, which was homemade apple and pumpkin pies, Becky got the twins to bed and Sam digested his meal on the couch. He asked Dean if he needed any help cleaning up, but Dean told him that he wanted to clean alone. Sam knew he was pissed about Cas not showing up so he didn’t want to push it.
He took a seat in the chair he was sitting in earlier and took a breath. “After we left your house to go on that hunt, Dean found some guy at a bar and hooked up with him. He got pregnant and right when we found out Rowena was able to change him back. So we thought that the pregnancy was over once that happened but maybe, not anymore.”
Another timer went off on his phone that startled him. It was his turkey baster timer. He forgot that he set a timer every 30 minutes to baste the turkey, to keep it moist.  He had to get himself together if he was going to pull off a great Thanksgiving dinner. He rubbed some water on his face and got himself back into the kitchen to pull off a miracle.
“Yeah, I’m not too keen on right now either, but can’t we come to some kind of resolution? There’s no need for a trial or anything,” Dean tried. “Right?”
. Dean didn’t know when that would be. He definitely needed more time to think about what he would even say to him. If he thought that they should remain engaged or possibly start over. He needed a few days to sleep on it. Maybe even a few weeks.
“Good. Just hungry. Do you want to stop and get some food?” Ethan just finished his bottle and Sam tossed the empty bottle into the diaper bag and began to hook Ethan into his car seat.
He was at University wrapping up a lecture on torts when he began to feel incredibly dizzy. It was slight at first but by the end of class he wasn’t able to stand properly and needed to sit down. It was strange because something like this never happened to him before. He waited for his class to leave so he could rush to the bathroom to splash some cold water on his face. On his way to the restroom he found himself holding on to the side of the wall to regain balance and keep from falling. He eventually made it to the bathroom and luckily it was empty from students. He grabbed the sink to keep himself steady and looked at his reflection in the mirror. He was pale with a hint of green and shine to his skin. Suddenly his stomach lurched. He covered his mouth and ran to the nearest stall to throw up. It felt like it was never ending. He clutched his stomach as he continued to empty whatever was left inside of him. It was a miracle nobody walked in on him.
“Dean, it’s not your fault that Cas has to deal with this whole Nephilim situation. Last time I checked; it takes two to have baby. So, it’s just as much his responsibility as it is yours.”
Cas was shocked to hear that from Dean. He hadn’t seen him for 2 years. He thought he’d never see Dean again, and now he wants him to stay. He was baffled. “I’ll stay,” Cas said.
“I will. I can feel myself about to pass out,” he told her. “But before I do, I want to say thank you.”
The bunker was still as Dean headed down to the dungeon with his ingredients. He could hear his breath quicken with each step. The last thing he needed was his brother catching him in the act. Once he reached the doors leading to the dungeon, he checked his surroundings before entering.
Castiel couldn’t take his eyes off Sam’s son who was slowly drifting asleep after being fed. “I can’t wait until we have our own baby.”
Sam stood up to face his brother. “I’m not stupid Dean. I know what she did and how fucked up it is, but I also don’t want her to be alone right now. I can’t explain it Dean, but even though she did what she did I care about her. And who are we to judge? How many times have we done dumb shit because we got drunk or too emotional?”
Dean unexpectedly felt a slight kick under his palm. It made him smile. “Then again, this is Cas’s kid too and without him, I wouldn’t be pregnant.”
Dean placed his hands on the counter and took another deep breath, this time it wavered a bit as he held in a sob. “Holy shit. Holy shit. Holy shit,” he repeated over and over again until it lost its meaning. The weird thing was, he speculated for days that he could be pregnant, but now that he had confirmation of it, he was panicking. He was scared. And Cas wasn’t there to talk him through it.
beer and yelling at the screen. “Kick his ass! Use that machete-,” he suddenly saw his brother walking down the bunker stairs. “Oh, hey. Beer?” he offered. Dean tossed him a cold one and Sam narrowly caught it. Still distracted from his experience in the gym parking lot. “What’s going on with you?” Dean asked as he paused his movie.
“Well that’s going to be tough, since they’re dead,” Dean said. “Look, can you fix this or not?” He was running out patience with Rowena.
“Well for starters, yeah,” Jody said. She was all about a woman having the say what to do with her own body. But she also felt that it was a hard decision that should be though through. And she feared that Dean wasn’t giving this enough thought.
Sam shook his head. “This has been a thing for weeks. I highly doubt that it’s virus. If it is a virus it’s certainly not a normal one.” Sam had finally come to terms that whatever he was sick with wasn’t normal.
Upon entering the bunker Dean questioned his brother on his whereabouts. “Yesterday you tell me that you think weirdo is watching you and then you’re like 2 hours late from the gym! Do you know the kind of horror shows I had playing in my head?!” Dean chastised him.
Sam shook his head. “No, of course not…we just thought that it would be nice to have a night away from the kids.”
Sam waited in the room with Dean so he didn’t discover on his own that he was a woman. When he eventually woke, he winced at his growing migraine. Getting thrown into bookshelves will do that to you. “Ah, my head.” Dean cleared his throat. It sounded higher than usual.
A contraction radiated in his body. Once again, he felt the baby create a crazy amount of pressure. He bore down again without warning. Cas got back into position and instructed Sam to keep pushing. Sam let out a scream as he pushed.
She playfully hit his arm. “I knew you couldn’t have been so cool about this! You’re just as freaked out as I am!”
“I think the whole point of bed rest is to literally rest in bed.” Dean was suddenly struck by an idea. “But I could rest in a car,” he said with a sly grin.
Sam had dozed off in the library, head down on the table. Dean walked in with a tray of soup and rolled his eyes. This was getting absurd. He needed to see somebody that could help him. “Soup’s on,” he announced and placed the tray in front of him.
Dean was pretty out of it when he heard her speak so it startled him a little. “Hmm? I guess a little bit of both if I’m being honest.”
Jody took a seat in the library while Sam gave her a beer. “He’s really going through it, isn’t he?” she commented. She couldn’t stop thinking about how vulnerable Dean was. She wasn’t use to seeing the elder Winchester so miserable and helpless.
They finished up their drinks and left the bar. When Becky got back to her small apartment, she couldn’t stop thinking about Sam. The way he smelled, how he looked at her. She had been chasing this for years. To have Sam Winchester like her. It may not be romantically, but they have a real connection. She was determined not to mess this up. She then saw the dress she was going to wear on her date resting on top of her dresser. This made her excited for her date. Things were finally looking up for her.
“How can you be so calm about this? Aren’t you freaking out? Between the two of us, can we afford two kids? I make next to nothing at my job and you’re a professor at a community college,” she rambled. Sam glared at her. “Sorry,” she apologized.
It was rough to watch his brother yak up his guts most mornings in the beginning and then there was the miscarriage… It was just too much for Dean to handle.
Sam sat down across from Dean. “If that’s the case then you’ve been pregnant for years because you’re always craving pie.”
At first Becky was devastated, which worried Sam and Dean. They already saw how one bad date affected her. They didn’t want history to repeat itself. But Becky had come a long way since then. She handled this breakup in a healthy way. Of course, she was sad, which she had every right to be, but what helped her the most was to talk out her feelings. And Sam was a great listener.
Becky was starting to feel more comfortable around Sam. She would eat most of her meals with them in the kitchen. Even began to talk to Sam around the bunker. She finally beginning to relax around them.
The bunker was in need of day to day supplies like cereal, meat and veggies for the kitchen. But Sam had personally ran out of shampoo and conditioner. He also told Becky to go and get some snacks she would like to have in the bunker. With that they went their separate ways and told they would meet up at the register when they were done. Becky was fond of this plan to spend some time away from Sam.
Jack turned to Sam, “I killed your mother.” There was silence. The air was thick with tension. “I killed a lot of innocent people under your guidance. Allow me to make one thing clear: I don’t want your baby to die, but Cas has put me in a very precarious situation. The angels are prepared to revolt. Start a war if this isn’t handled in a delicate way,” he explained.
He rubbed his face as he got his bearings and padded his way to the hallway bathroom. He could hear distant voices in the kitchen. Mostly Jody making breakfast. The whole house smelled like delicious breakfast meats and pastries. After using the restroom and washing his face he found a familiar face drinking a cup of coffee in the kitchen conversing with Jody and Alex. It was Claire Novak.
This was not going the way Dean thought it would. He thought that Cas would be angry for not telling him right away, but he’s mad about something else entirely. “Are you kidding me? I was in knots thinking about telling you. I’ve literally been dealing with my own identity crisis over here and you’re mad that I’m pregnant with a Nephilim?”
“I’m Dr. Aaron Nelson,” he introduced himself. “Don’t worry, I’m fully aware of your angelic pregnancy. My dad was a hunter, so your secret is safe with me,” he assured Dean. “Alex told me what was going on and sounded like you guys needed some additional help.” Dr. Nelson eyed Alex and she looked away bashfully.
Sam had to cover his smile with his hand. “Umm—hmm, okay. I mean I told you that those bacon cheeseburgers would catch up to you one day,” he warned.
“Hi-ya kid,” Gabriel smirked at Jack. “I was hoping we could talk. Archangel to God. Hope you don’t mind if I don’t call you Dad,” he joked
“The amount of power the child will yield is what the angels are sensing. That is why they are zeroing in on our location. Our baby is getting more powerful.”
Dean looked his brother up and down. “You’re wearing a suit,” he commented. “That’s some nice night.”
Sam laughed. “Of course, you will Dean. You’re a girl. Most woman have periods. Wait…it’s been over a month since that witch turned you and you haven’t had your period yet?”
“Yeah I’m sure! But you can understand. Why stick around for a party like that when there are hundreds of better ones in Vegas. It’s why a few of us got together in my suite at the Bellagio to have our own soiree,” Sam said, smugly. “But you get it right?”
Sam had grabbed the field army kit when he got out of the Impala. He put some alcohol on cotton swab and tended to his brother wounds. He had a rather large cut near his temple. He winced at the burning of the alcohol. “You did a good job tonight.”
The closer they got to the woman she closed her book without any regard of where her place was in her reading. She immediately recognized Dean and did not seem impressed. “Dean Winchester, you should leave,” she said with a commanding tone. She blocked their path before they could get to the sandbox. Claire peered over the redheaded woman’s shoulder and saw the sandbox that Dean had been going on about. She wasn’t sure if it was a literal sandbox, but it looks like it was. In the sand, there were engravings drawn in it that she recognized as Enochian.
She crossed her arms. “You’re right you didn’t. That was a pretty shitty thing to do, Dean. I mean don’t you care about your baby? What you did today was really fucking stupid. You could’ve lost it,” she rambled angrily.
“Well that would be his decision. I can tell you that he’s happy that you’re here,” he said with a small smile. “We both are.”
He didn’t bother to struggle. “Where are you taking me?” he asked as he was being whisked away, passing numerous vacant rooms until she stopped at a door with a black small black Impala painted on the door. He turned to her and she had a coy smile staring back at him, that she tried to hide. “What is this?”
The next evening, as promised Sam took Becky to a very nice Italian place in town. He ordered them a nice bottle of a Pinot Noir which paired well with her pasta and his chicken. Not many words have been spoken since they sat down. Sam tried starting the conversation a few times but Becky was having a hard time allowing the conversation to flow. She poked at her meatball before saying, “I’m sorry, I don’t mean to be so quiet. I guess I’m just…confused…”
,” he mumbled as he grabbed the raw turkey and put it under the sink to rinse off the brine. A few gags later he was able to get it back in the tray and begin seasoning it and covering it in butter. Maybe one or two gags escaped through him but he pushed through it. Finally, it was time to get it in the oven. He opened the oven and basically threw the turkey in. When he closed the oven, he found himself out of breath, as if he ran a marathon. He certainly felt like he had. “I did it!” he exclaimed louder than intended.
Becky couldn’t help but smile at that. She quickly gathered herself and said, “Let’s just keep this between us for now. If this gets serious then we’ll consider telling him.”
“Well, right now we’re somewhere in Hastings, Nebraska.” They had pulled off at a rural gas station that was equipped with two old school pumps. They were a few hours into the trip before Dean spoke up, needing to relieve himself. Sam had been encouraging him to drink water the second they got into the car to keep him as hydrated as possible. Mixing that with the fact that the baby was lying on his bladder, it wasn’t long before Dean needed to pee. “We should get to Jody’s before sundown.”
“Dean happened,” he grumbled. Becky and Sam walked and talked to the nursery to put the twins down for their nap.
Cas looked past Dean, not looking him in the eye. “It’s just work-- it’s not important,” Dean didn’t believe him and told him to continue with his eyes. “With Jack being the new God, there is a lot go chaos up there and I needed to be there,” he lied.
He managed to keep his distance from the angel for 2 of those months. They would pass each other in the hallway or see each other in the kitchen, but the bunker was large enough where he could avoid him for days. Although avoidance of Castiel didn’t make their situation any easier.
“Because it’s her kid too!” Sam shouted, frustrated. “You act like I wanted this. All I wanted was a normal life. And call me crazy, but having friends that had nothing to do with hunting seemed normal. That’s why I continued to talk Becky,
“Have you heard the news of the Nephilim?” she got right to the point. No wonder why she had been looking for him. If the angels catch wind that a Nephilim is on Earth, then this would be an all hands-on deck situation. Cas didn’t know that the angels knew. He had been tuning out angel radio for a while. He knew that it was reckless, but he thought that he was being safe. “Yes, I have heard about it. There is no proof of it so I didn’t pay it much mind.”
Gabriel scoffed. “Asking?” He then pointed to the fire around him. “Because with the holy oil and the fire it doesn’t seem like you’re asking. It looks like more of a demand.” The fire illuminated Gabriel in the most sinister way.
Sam raised his eyebrows and blinked slowly. He then looked at Becky in a way that he hadn’t in a long time. Disgusted. “So, you did this? And the spell…you tried to have a baby with me?” he began to slowly back away.
It was night and Sam had been pretty sure he was last one to leave the gym. There were only 2 cars in the parking lot, including his own. He heard something creeping behind him. His breath quickened. He hurriedly turned around ready to strike with his fists, but there was no one there. He eyed the parking lot. All he could see was the thick darkness around him. There was something in the distance. He squinted his eyes, but it was too dark. He contemplated investigating, but he thought it could be too dangerous without a proper weapon.
“Well whatever you decide to do with Cas, I’m happy for you. It must feel good to finally know who you are.”
Dean turned back around with a tight lip smile. “Guess not. Hey, I’m gonna take a quick shower before I tackle the rest of dinner,” Dean silently passed his brother and walked towards the shower. He then stopped at his bedroom and grabbed the pregnancy test on his way to the bathroom. He sat on the toilet as he pondered if he should take it. He wanted to wait for Cas and he knew that he promised him that he would wait until after dinner to take it but he couldn’t wait any longer. He prayed to him a few times to get him to join him but he never answered.
Becky’s alarmed blared at 5am. She had a moment where she was confused why it was going off so early. Then she was quickly reminded that it was Wednesday. And Wednesday was therapy day. She would go therapy every Wednesday before work, which began at 9:00am.
“Oh, come off it, Sam! I think that Becky is a great mom and yeah, she’s less annoying than before, but how do I know that she didn’t do what she did before? That you’re not under her little love potion or whatever.”
Dean waited until Sam was in the nursery before he grabbed books on how to summon an archangel and stashed them in his room. He was convinced that Gabriel was still alive and he was going to find him.
Castiel and Dean sat at the bar and talked for a few hours. Dean was more than pleasantly tipsy when the bar closed. Castiel had to help him walk to the Impala. He also offered to drive him to the motel. He was in no shape to be behind a wheel.
Dean could see the fear in Cas’s eyes. “Then we’ll keep you here, away from the Angels. I don’t think I could handle another day without you. Move in with us,” Dean suggested. “That way you can go undetected from the angels and get to spend time with me.” Dean put Cas’s hand on his bump. “We can do actually do this thing together.”
“No, not at this very moment. But the reason for your pain was because your baby was in major distress on top of the preeclampsia…this could’ve been really bad Dean. If Claire didn’t get you here when she did, we could’ve been having a whole different conversation,” he said with a hint of foreboding.
“He’s good,” Jody said. “But I think he could use your angelic powers to heal his back. It’s just going to get worse.”
Dean grabbed the bowl of popcorn from Sam. “If you haven’t seen the movie by now, then that’s your problem.” He pressed the play button and they settled in as the movie began. They were 10 minutes in the movie before Sam got a SOS text from Becky.
When he walked out the bathroom, Dean was standing right in his path, eagerly waiting to hear the results. “So?” Dean asked.
When they pulled up to the house Dean was eager to get out to stretch his legs and get some proper rest. Jody was nice enough to offer them a place to stay for the night before their long trek home. She only had one spare room so Sam told Dean that he should take the bed and Sam was happy to take residence on the couch. Jody had found an old crib in her basement, and after cleaning it up the twins spent the night in it.
Cas pulled him in for one final kiss. “I will,” he whispered. Dean felt Cas disappear from his grasp. He expected his initial feeling to be sadness. Yet he was white hot with anger. How could Jack do this to him. To Cas. He practically raised him. And he would be damned if he wasn’t going to give him a piece of his mind.
The clock was ticking and Dean needed to find answers before it was too late. The problem was that he could feel his baby getting more and more agitated the longer he was stressed. He couldn’t even pick up a book about angels without feeling like his baby had it out for him. With that being in the case Sam did a lot of the heavy lifting. They agreed that they needed to locate Gabriel so he could keep up with his side of the deal.
The memory of Dean having hot sex in the back of the Impala with Cas came flooding back. Dean shifted his weight. “I-uh-I may have.” He said crossing his arms. “Why? What are you implying?”
“Well, you haven’t looked at me like this before. You made it very clear that we wouldn’t be more than friends,” she said, recalling all of their intimate talks in the past.
“No, it’s not fine. You’re not fine. I know that you have got this guilt about the pregnancy but that doesn’t mean that you can’t have feelings or that you have to avoid me.” She looked up from her stew to see Sam starring back at her. “Don’t think I didn’t notice you deliberately leaving a room when I walked in.” He then cracked a smile, which made her do the same. “We’re partners in this right?”
They broke bread and it was a great meal. The twins were too young for solids but they enjoyed the baby food they had, and Becky couldn’t get enough of the mac and cheese. Even Sam had to admit that all of the unhealthy foods were amazing and had seconds on everything. Dean was glad that his appetite returned because everything looked too good to pass up.
Sam thanked Jody and the girls and then got Dean in the car. For the most part, it was a rather quiet ride back to Kansas. Sam saw that Becky had called him a few times, but he figured it was because he forgot to call her to tell her that he had left Sioux Falls. She tended to worry when Sam travelled long distances. He figured he’d call her when they got closer to town or when Dean woke up from his nap. Whatever came first. Except Dean never did wake up from his nap and Sam completely forgot about calling Becky on the way home.
“Well I’m glad that you’re back. You are back right?” Dean asked Cas, not sure if he wanted to know the answer.
Dean looked up at his brother who was awkwardly teetering on his feet. “I think I’m gonna head to bed as well,” he said as he tried to escape his brother but Dean halted him.
That morning Sam was awake before Dean. He went out to get them both some coffee. He figured he would need since it was already pretty late when he went to bed and Dean hadn’t come home. He also could smell the beer and whiskey from the clothes he wore last night that were crumbled in the corner of the room.
Sam loved the sight of this. She was such an amazing mom. And even while she was wearing her oversized grey t-shirt that had stains and holes on it, he thought she looked gorgeous. For a while, he had noticed another side of Becky. A more romantic side.
Sam glared at his brother. “No. I’m serious, Dean. What the hell am I supposed to do? I just started this new life. Having a kid was not in the original plans,” he rambled. “Maybe, I should talk to Becky.”
Sam wanted to give him the laundry list of reasons why Dean was pissed off, but this wasn’t his fight. “Dean’s going to have to tell you,” Sam told him. “But we should let him rest for a while.”
She grabbed a plate that had a single egg white, 2 pieces of turkey bacon, and assorted fruit on it, and handed it to Dean. “This is your breakfast,” she told him as she handed him the healthy plate.
Dean was still pretty damn skeptical about it all. He could trace of his symptoms back to a virus…except for the weight gain and maybe the cravings, but Sam had a point about all of the crap that Dean eats. So, he couldn’t understand why Sam went to such a ridiculous conclusion. “Sammy, I don’t know how else I need to prove to you that I’m not pregnant!”
Becky returned the smile but her attention soon went to her phone, which she had the intention of putting screen side down, but wanted to see any texts or calls from that came in.
Dean laughed without humor behind it. “Are you joking? You lied to the angels, what did you think was going to happen? When has that ever ended well for us?”
Sam grabbed an old vase off of Dean’s nightstand that had the oil encased in it. “Oh, we got it. But we thought we’d wait to see if we have to fry your ass,” Sam replied.
Alex finished her quick assessment and tucked her penlight in her shirt pocket. “About 8 hours,” she told him.
“Yeah, I could’ve sworn that I saw--,” he began and then decided to let it go. “…never mind, it’s nothing.”
Dean sighed, defeated. He turned around and Sam could see his pants that weren’t anywhere near to closing. He also could see a small gut under Dean’s white shirt. “You promise not to laugh?”
Dean couldn’t understand how Sam was surprised to see her, or why he was being so nice to her.  Then it dawned on him. “Becky? Becky’s the one you met at the gym? She’s the one you’ve been going out with?” he asked incredulously.
That next morning Dean woke feeling a million times better than he had been. He had virtually no back pain. When he turned over in bed Castiel was lying next to him. Because Cas is an angel, he doesn’t sleep, but he does enjoy resting next to Dean and watching him sleep. “Morning,” Dean whispers to him. “I see you healed my back. Thanks for that.”
Cas huffed a laugh. “No. Why haven’t you responded to any of my calls or text messages?” he asked crossing his arms.
Sam wasn’t going to argue with him. “I’ll be fine,” he said with a stifled yawn. “I’m gonna finish my coffee, check the security cameras, finish building the crib--,”
He was rummaging through his drawers, pushing things aside. “I’m trying to find—aha! Got it.” He said, holding up an old book.
The faint beeping of a heart monitor was heard as Dean came to. He found himself in a hospital bed, strapped to a million wires and dressed in a blue hospital gown. He looked to his side and saw Sam sleeping on the chair next to him. When he turned in the other direction, he saw Alex looking over the machines, keeping an eye on his vitals. “Hey,” he rasped. “What’s going on?”
“Watching Sam and seeing how happy and excited he is to have his baby, I thought we could have the same thing.”
Dean remained in the hospital for 2 days as Dr. Nelson conducted a few more tests on him and the baby to be sure they were both okay. Before discharging them, he had another stern conversation about the seriousness of his condition. Dean seemed to understand. He was looking to get out of the hospital and rest in the bunker. He would never admit it, but he missed the smell that the old books gave off in the library and even the faint cries of Sam’s kids. He even missed Becky.
He lowered himself in the chair in the library with a grunt. “Because, I didn’t want you think that I wasn’t supportive of your new boyfriend,” he panted. With all of the pain he was in, he found himself out of breath, as if he ran a marathon. “I wasn’t exactly on board with you getting a boyfriend so close to my due date and I thought that you would get so fixated on your new boyfriend that you would abandon us.”
Cas sat up with Dean. “The angels are getting closer into finding out your location. It’s just a matter of time before they figure it out.”
Almost three months had passed since Rowena turned Dean back into a man. Hunts had been pretty quiet, which Dean had been grateful for since he caught a nasty bug that he couldn’t seem to shake. It started off as a bad stomach flu and then he would get horrible headaches. After the nausea and the migraines passed, he would have the strangest cravings. Dean was known for eating weird food combinations but this was on a whole new level. For instance, roast beef with cream cheese on a bagel. Although the only symptom that Sam noticed was the nausea and headaches.
“Dean!” Sam ran after his brother who was knocked out cold. He turned him over and was bewildered at the sight he saw before him. “Dean?” Sam was no longer staring at his brother, but at a female who looked like Dean. “Oh my God.”
Dean’s eyes bulged out of his head. “Battle? Now there’s a battle? Cas, how did this get so out of control? I thought everything was fine?”
“I fear that they are getting close in finding Dean’s location. The more the baby grows the stronger the signal it gives off.  I fear the warding of the bunker is not strong enough for a Nephilim. And the more I try to steer the angels in a different direction, the more I become a suspect.”
Castiel noticed Dean’s discomfort based on his facial expression. Castiel frowned. “Would that be a problem?”
“I guess those contractions earlier were legit contractions,” he huffed a laugh. “Are the angels gone?”
“That’s it for today. The brine will break the turkey down and make it more tender for tomorrow. Now let’s get started on the mac and cheese.”
Guilt suddenly overwhelmed Dean. Becky went out of her way to create an amazing nursery for his unborn child and he hasn’t been the best to her. He sighed, “Becky…,”
Dean raised his eyebrows. “Is she hot? Does she have a friend?” he now had a suggestive grin across his face.
Becky slowly backed out of the nursery. “I’m just gonna let you guys be alone,” she said and then closed the door to the room to give them some privacy.
Tears began to build up behind Becky’s eyes. She thought that her and Dean were on good terms. She didn’t think he would say such hurtful things to her. “Um, okay…just let me know if he wakes up,” she said as she rushed past Dean.
Becky was kinda embarrassed that she could guess that so accurately. It’s hard to unlearn everything you know about someone after being obsessed with it for over a decade. “Wow, sorry I didn’t mean to--,”
Dean audibly groaned. He turned off the burner and put the last of the pancakes on the kitchen table. “You’ve got to be kidding me,” he complained.
“Thank you,” he breathed. “Oh, and one other thing, if you could not tell the other angels where I am.”
Sam laughed, “I bet.” He loved his kids, but they were a dangerous duo. Sam has never slept so hard in his life.
“Why do you think I couldn’t sleep? It’s the only thing that’s been on my mind since Cas told us. Becky, I wish I had all of the answers right now, but I don’t,” he sighed.
Dean shook his head. “It’ll pass,” he hoped. He would hate to think that his explosion of emotion put his child’s life in danger. He was just so angry at his brother. He felt betrayed by him. He thought that he would be on his side, but clearly, he was wrong.
‘It’s harmless and she’s different’ Sam told himself. There is no harm in this. He repeated this sentiment as he went to bed.
Dean hummed as he poured more batter in the sizzling frying pan. “You seem chipper,” Sam told him as he poured himself a cup of coffee.
Dean took a bite of his dry, wheat toast and then promptly dropped it on his plate with disgust.  He wasn’t sure how much more of this he could take.
For the first time Dean could see where Sam was coming from. She wasn’t as crazy as Dean initially thought. The way she wrestled with her emotions was proof enough. Before she would just be in denial and think what, she did was okay and have no remorse. She was beside herself about what happened. It was an impulse decision which he could empathize with.
She took a breath and then reluctantly sat next to him. He then hugged her. At first, it was awkward and stiff but she eventually hugged him back. When they broke, she asked, “What was that for?”
Their conversation was interrupted by Dean yelling, “SON OF A BITCH!” at the top of his lungs from the bathroom.
Dean found a plastic fork in the bag to begin devouring the slice of pie. He moaned in ecstasy after taking his first bite. “So, good…”
Dean laughed. “Yeah, that was because Becky did this without consulting, Sam. Plus they were never in a romantic relationship.”
“I’m not either, but it’s not like we had much guidance on the matter,” Sam said as a sort of dig to Cas. Instead of responding, Cas continued to eat his sandwich in silence.
Castiel was shocked that she found him. She must of have been honing in on his grace to be able to zero in on him. He reminded himself that he needed to pretend as if things are normal. “I’ve been helping with the Winchesters with a very difficult case,” he lied.
He heaved into the toilet the chicken noodle soup Dean made to help him feel better. Sam wanted to scream. He was so tired of this. It didn’t make any sense. What the hell was wrong with him!
“Yes, I did. I had to go to 3 different stores, but everything you requested is in one of these bags,” Cas said, gesturing to the plethora of colored plastic and paper bags.
The next morning Sam woke up and went straight to the hospital to spend time with her. He also brought some of his clothes for her to wear when they left the hospital. The clothes that she wore in were covered in blood. Back at the bunker Dean cleaned up one of their spare bedrooms to prepare for Becky.
Castiel sympathized with Dean. “Have you tried contacting Rowena? She may be able to reverse the spell.”
Dean and Cas exchanged the same worried glance. Cas opened his mouth to come up with an excuse but Dean beat him to the punch. “I’m hungover, so I’m feeling pretty sluggish today. Cas offered to step in to help.”
She had tried to hard to get that memory out of her head. The slight mention of it made all the memories come reeling back. “Yeah, sorry about that. I just haven’t been in the best place ever since.”
Jody could see that Sam was hurt for more than just a few reasons. “I’ll take good care of him,” she assured him.
“No. You’re trying to make me feel better or whatever but did you ever think that maybe I’m okay with being upset?”
On Sam’s way back from breakfast he ran into Becky who was just leaving the bathroom after taking a shower. Her curly hair was still damp and she was drying it off with a towel when she stopped what she was doing to talk to Sam. “Hey!” she said, sounding as if she was surprised to see him.
The next day was very much like the day before. After he finished class, he went straight to the gym to do his rigorous work out. He always started out doing 30 minutes on the treadmill, then he would follow it up with weights and then finish with 10 minutes of stretching. He was walking to his car when he bumped into a woman causing her gym bag and phone to fall to the ground. Sam apologized profusely as he bent over to pick up her phone.
Sam momentarily forgot about that. Sam’s morning sickness lasted for a good amount of his pregnancy. It wasn’t until the last 2 months that he felt free to eat whatever he wanted without any repercussions. “Right. Ginger tea can be helpful,” Sam suggested. “Do you want me to make you some?” Sam offered.
She tore away from Sam and steadied herself. “No. I’ll just call an Uber. Bye, Sam.” She said and then fleeted the bar. She walked about 3 blocks away from the bar before calling the Uber. It was a long ride to her apartment. She kept replaying the two most embarrassing things that happened to her in her life over and over again in her head. She was sobbing uncontrollably in the car. The Uber driver was nice enough to keep quiet and not ask her what was wrong. She was sure this wasn’t the first sobbing woman he picked up tonight, and probably won’t be the last. The night was still young after all.
Luckily as Dean was about to attempt to get up Castiel walked in. “Don’t get up. What do you want for breakfast?”
When she got to her car, she smiled to herself. After her session she felt like she had a small weight lifted off her. There was no denying that therapy was helping. She kept Dr. Char’s advice in mind while she drove him.
Dean had a hard time looking at Sam’s face. The blood from his nose left a red stain under his nostrils and red droplets on his shirt. He also had a bruise forming from his nose to under his right eye. “I think I’m gonna stay here for a few days.”
Sam smiled at his brother. “Hey! I’m making your favorite for dinner. Extra bacon, right?” he said extremely cheerful. It sounded more fake than genuine, which Dean picked up on.
“Doesn’t mean I enjoyed it,” he mumbled. “Alright, I’m gonna shower.” Dean braced himself by placing a hand on his back to stand up. Sam rushed to him to help him up when Dean waved him off. “I’m fine,” he grunted.
Dean ignored Sam’s questions and asked one of his own. “Do you remember how we summoned, Chuck a few years back?”
“Castiel is being held for his crimes. Until the trial is over, he won’t have any contact with you.”
Eventually, Dean entered the kitchen, dressed for work. His attire was a greasy grey t-shirt with the name of the shop faded across the front. Sam had prepared him a travel mug of ginger tea to drink throughout the morning. He passed it off to him. “Here. This should help with the nausea.”
Sam could hear is brother rushing through the garage to grab his keys. “I’m on my way, Sammy. It’s going to be okay. Are you in any pain?” Dean asked, him trying to keep his brother calm.
. I’ve seen it.” Cas was referring to the countless times Dean had saved the world. “I understand the idea of a pregnancy can be scary, but you’re not going to be in this alone. I’ll be here with you every step of the way.”
Sam left the kitchen to find Jody looking pretty concerned and confused in the living room. “Hey, do you have a pregnancy test lying around?”
Sam sighed. He didn’t want to get a drink. He wanted to talk to his brother about everything that was bothering him. “No, I’m going to stay here. And honestly, I wish you would too.”
“Why did you have say all of that crap to Jocelyn? I’ve lied enough to her already don’t you think? Now she’s gonna go back to my class and tell everyone that I’m still married to you when I’m not!” she yelled fuming.
“I see,” Sam said. “Well, you can’t keep this a secret from him. You need to tell him, sooner than later.”
Sam wasn’t sure if he could watch this anymore and lucky for him, Ethan was almost done with his bottle. He got his son back to his crib and gave him a quick kiss before leaving him for the night. Hopefully. He then ran back to the bathroom where Dean was now at the sink washing his mouth out. “Can I get you anything?”
“If I can recall, I sacrificed myself in that Bizzaro world universe for you and your brother. The favor has been returned. Do
Castiel smiled at him. “I’ve always noticed, Dean.” They finally found the car keys and Castiel went to open the door for him when Dean sneaked a kiss. “Dean…what are you--,”
“I might have said some fucked up things to her. May of told her that this whole thing was her fault—which isn’t completely wrong--,”
Tears stung her eyes. “How could you even ask me that? I ruined your life. Again! You want nothing to do with me, and I don’t blame you. I promised myself that I wouldn’t do something like this again.”
Jody had texted Sam a case in Sioux Falls that she thought would be perfect for the boys. It seemed like a routine Vamp nest. She didn’t need help with it, but she missed them and was looking forward to seeing them.
Sam raised his eyebrows disbelievingly. “Really? Because I was just in the bathroom and you were not in there,” Sam called him out. “And you reek of holy oil.” Dean watched his brother put the pieces together. “You summoned Gabriel, didn’t you?”
They ate dinner and Jody gave them a bag full of clothes. When they got in the car Sam said, “You need to relax. Have faith man. We’ll figure this whole thing out, but don’t take it out on everybody else. Especially, Jody—she’s just trying to help.”
Gabriel clapped his hands together. “Lets! So, the plan is to summon Jack and talk to him,” Gabriel revealed.
Dean didn’t find it funny. “Yeah I guess.” Sexuality was something that Dean thought he had a grasp on. He always favored women throughout his youth and adolescences. Hunters knew him from how great he was with the ladies. It was a running joke that if you were trying to score with a woman in a bar and Dean Winchester was there, you might as well leave. But this was new. His relationship with Cas has always been a caring one. He looked after him as he did his own brother, but lately the closeness has felt like something else. Something he couldn’t shake, and he wasn’t sure that he wanted to.
“Me, first,” she insisted. “I don’t think it would be a good idea if I moved in with you. My mental health is already not the best, and I can’t imagine what it would do to me if I lived with you long term,” she explained. “So, I am respectively declining.”
Dean screamed after his brother but it was useless. He was now a sitting duck, with his boyfriend bleeding out on a table, alone. He then felt a something wet trickling down his leg. His water broke.
Sam rolled his eyes. No matter how old Sam gets, his brother will never stop looking out after him. “I’m fine Dean.”
“I’m not in labor. It’s Braxton Hicks contractions. Essentially, false labor pains. Most pregnant women get them. It’s just the body getting ready. I’ve been having them all week,” Sam explained.
Castiel approached him and Dean back up a little. “Sam and Becky are asleep. I was hoping we could chat now. I’ve been back for a few days and I thought--,”
Dean considered opening up to Jody. She was such a great friend to him and his brother and she would be a great listener, but it was a wound he didn’t have the heart to pry open. “No, I’m good,” he lied. He tried to give off the most convincing smile he could, but he knew his poker face was crap.
It was strange to wake up in a bed that wasn’t his own. He forgot what that felt like. Slightly disorientating and awkward. In the daylight, he got a better look at Jody’s guest bedroom. It had plaid bedding and very little decoration throughout it, yet it felt comforting and warm.
Something in Dean’s eyes read that he was very annoyed once Sam brought up Cas. “Heaven, I guess,” he said dismissively.
“I saw you run off your treadmill. You looked really sick. I wanted to make sure that you were okay.”
Becky got home from work and Sam looked more disheveled than normal after a full day with the twins. It was their dinner time and he had Ethan in his arms trying to feed him and another bottle in the warmer waiting for Charlotte. She was in her rocker, crying at the top of her lungs. Sam had one foot manually rocking it while he tried to feed his son. Becky rushed into action when she saw the chaotic scene. She dropped her purse and immediately picked up Charlotte from her rocker and began to shush her. “Aw, it’s okay! Mommy’s home.” Sam had a look of relief when he saw her. “What the hell happened?” she looked around the kitchen and it looked like a bomb exploded. Bottles were everywhere, some clean, some dirty. Toys were on the floor. Even a pile of laundry was splayed out on the kitchen island.
“Yeah, one day. I think it’s part of the reason why Dean and I stopped hunting. Living normal lives means getting married and having kids. Well at least it does for me. Dean wants kids too but he’d never admit it out loud,” Sam told her.
Dean wasn’t expecting a straight answer so soon. “Oh, good to know. So, just to clarify…the angel can’t insert the baby into himself, right?”
Becky giggled and then her giggle turned into a full out laughing fit. Dean couldn’t help himself and laughed with her. “You’re right. You are going through a lot.”
Dean laughed to himself. “Uhm, as tempting as that sounds, I think Cas and I are going to wait a little longer.”
“Of course, I do. But you were right it was stupid. This morning I wasn’t thinking of my baby I was just so focused on--,”
Jody got Dean into her cool home and onto her plaid couch. Dean slowly breathed out as he felt that sharp pain in his ribcage again, being careful not to show too much emotion to alert Jody and Sam.
Dean groaned as he swirled the concoction. “How we will know if it took? Do we just wait until I have morning sickness?” he joked.
Noah was wearing a black tailored suit with a black tie. He took off his suit jacket once he was seated. Like a gentleman he pulled the seat open for Becky. He then expertly ordered them a bottle of Bordeaux that he promised Becky would love. “They have an amazing beouf bourguignonne. You have to try it!” he suggested with a smile.
“Hi, Dean.” They heard Jack appear behind them. Sam and Dean whirled around to see their old friend, now God, standing in their library. “I heard your prayers.”
Dean had to remind himself to stay calm. “I heard Cas is under some kind of trial because of the Nephilim.”
“I won’t. I promise,” Cas stepped closer to Dean until their faces were centimeters apart. “I will never hurt you again,” he whispered before gently kissing Dean. He kissed him back.
Dean turned around thankful his brother missed him struggling to prep the turkey. “I –uh—got the turkey in the oven,” Dean said awkwardly.
“I haven’t heard from him since we last spoke, and not for a lack of trying.” Dean paused for a moment as tears welled up in his eyes. “I’m really starting to think that the angels are going to win this one, man,” he said tearfully.
“Not really. He only spoke to Dean and from my understanding, it was a very short and cryptic conversation,” he explained to Cas.
“That’s not going to happen” Dean said, reassuringly. “She may have…issues…but she’s not a flake. She really cares for those babies and obviously cares for you. There is no way that she is going to abandon her family.”
On the other hand, Dean was hyper-focused on finding a way to get intel on what was happening in Heaven. He had called out work more times that week than he had in a year to dedicate his time to researching. Something that Sam never thought he’d see his brother do.
“It went rather well. They approved of the pregnancy, which is why I have this,” Castiel beamed as he pointed to the mason jar. It had a floating blue fog inside of it with some other herbs.
Sam felt good enough to leave Dean alone so he could attend to his daughter, who was just on the edge of a full meltdown.
When Castiel returned from the grocery store, he needed to use all of his strength to carry the bags into the kitchen. He found Dean sitting at the kitchen table with a mug of tea, that had gone cold, next to him and his head resting on the table. The sound of Cas putting the heavy groceries down jolted him awake. “Jesus—you’re back already?” he asked Cas, wiping the sleep from his eyes. He then eyed his watch; it had been 2 hours since Castiel left for the grocery store. Dean then realized that he had been asleep at the table for over an hour. “Wait, never mind…did you get everything on the list?” Dean began to go through some of the grocery bags.
Dean smiled at the angel. He missed him terribly and it felt good to see him again. “Hi, ya Cas. It’s good to see you. You want a beer?”
Dean didn’t think he could sleep that long. Sam’s face came into view. “You scared us, you know,” Sam said. Dean sighed as he looked at his brother's bruised and battered face. He was the one to give him that massive shiner on his eye and bruised nose and it riddled him with guilt. He was then hyperaware of his lack of mobility due to an IV inserted in his arm, a monitor with a thousand wires strapped to his other arm, and another monitor strapped to his stomach. “What is all of this?” he asked.
The holidays were here and the bunker was buzzing with holiday cheer. It would be the twins first Christmas and Becky wanted it to be perfect. Sam and Dean were not use to having a real Christmas, but Becky wasn’t having any of it. She decorated the bunker with twinkling red and green lights. She even spent good money on getting a large tree that needed the assistance of Sam, Cas and Dean to get into the bunker.
When she noticed Dean in the hallway, she approached him with open arms. “Look who decided to wake up. It’s good to see your old ass,” she said playfully.
Sam suddenly became aware at how long they had been out in the hallway and was surprised that Castiel hadn’t checked on his boyfriend. Especially since he doesn’t sleep. “Where’s Cas?”
“You and Cas have the most dysfunctional relationship I’ve ever seen. You’re pissed at everyone that can’t help you get Cas out of jail except for the person responsible. It’s his fault that he’s in jail! Do you not see that? He lied to you!”
They stayed in the room for a few more minutes before Dean helped her off the ground and they visited Sam in the infirmary. When they walked in Sam had his bare stomach exposed and Cas had his hand on it.
“We were hoping we could talk to Alex about using a sonogram machine to check in on the baby. He’s been having these pains in his side, not to mention the dizziness and the weakness,” Sam explained to Jody.
Sam felt gross and was in desperate need of a shower. It also gave him time to digest his cake as well as Dean’s advice on Becky. What Dean said did make a lot of sense. Becky was not the type of person to abandon her children, simply because she’s in a relationship. Plus, it wasn’t like she was going to find someone right away.
Cas didn’t really react. He simply nodded as if he already knew. What Dean didn’t know is that he did know, which is why he was called to Heaven. The angels were in a frenzy about sensing a Nephilim, they just didn’t know who was carrying it, but they had their suspicions since Cas was denied permission 4 weeks prior. “You already took the test?”
Jack puffed out his chest, trying to look braver than he felt. “I can’t do what you’re asking me to do. I already told the angels that whatever the vote comes to, that I will agree to it. They have my word and as a leader, I think it’s important to uphold those promises.” He sounded as if he recently read, “How to be God for Dummies”. But there was still a little uncertainty to his voice, which the room picked up on.
“Good morning,” Dr. Char responded. She crossed her legs, opened her black notebook to the most recent page. “Last time you were here we talked about how Sam wanted you to move in with him. Where did that lead to?” she asked as she placed her book down on the end table.
They did the FBI song and dance and before they got out the car Sam gave him a new FBI identity badge. “What’s this?”
Sam was about to talk about how he is there for her, but could feel another wave of nausea crash through him. He put a hand on his stomach to try and calm it, but it was no use. He ended up running to the stall again and vomiting. There wasn’t much left in his stomach, causing him to dry heave. Sam could feel Becky patting his back encouraging him to breathe. When he finished, he didn’t bother getting off of the floor. “This sucks,” he said, hoarsely. “I don’t understand what the hell is wrong with me.”
Sam emerged from the darkness of the hallway. He had Ethan in his arms who was drifting off to sleep. “What are you doing?” he whispered, careful not to wake up his son.
Sam didn’t say anything until he made it to the bottom of the staircase to meet his brother at eye level. “Why do you care?”
Sam could hear a faint conversation in the library so he decided to check it out. He couldn’t imagine who Becky could be talking to. When he entered the library, he was floored at what he saw. It was Castiel, sitting in the library. Castiel stood when he saw Sam looking back at him, befuddled. Becky noticed Sam as well and ran to him. “Sam!” she hugged him but Sam was too stunned to hug her back. “Why didn’t you answer any of my phone calls? I was trying to tell you that Castiel came back.”
Becky was shocked when Sam offered to have her stay in the bunker. She immediately said, no, but Sam convinced her. “It’ll be good to be surrounded by other people, instead of being alone. This way you won’t miss anything when it comes to the baby.”
“I’m not sure if thanking me is what you should do, Sam. I put you through hell. Time and time again. Don’t get me wrong, I’m so happy that we have them, but I still feel guilty. No amount of therapy will ever get rid of that.”
“That tracks,” she mumbled. “The good news is that this is 100% treatable. It can start with a proper diet, staying hydrated, getting plenty of rest, and no stress,” she said optimistically.
Dean felt the same way. When they started their relationship, not much had changed except the addition of sex. Everything felt more open between the two of them. They were closer than they had ever been. However, Dean felt like having a baby would be a huge leap in their relationship. One he wasn’t sure if he was ready for.
Castiel grabbed a wobbly Dean, for he was about to fall over. “Woah, there. Let’s get you in the car, okay?”
In little to no time, Dean and Claire were in her car on their way to the playground where Heaven’s gates were.
“If you want to get your cholesterol down and off of bed rest then this is what you need to eat. Speaking of which, when you're done, I want you to rest before you leave so you’re not on your feet too much,” she said in a very demanding yet motherly tone.
Castiel nodded. “Yes, among some other things. You will need to drink this,” he explained to him. Ethan then began to fuss and Dean bounced him casually as if he’s done this a million times before. Castiel couldn’t help but smile at this. He loved how Dean looked with a baby on his hip. He was such a natural nurturer.
Cas wrapped his hand around Dean’s waist to bring him closer. “You’re, Dean Winchester,” Cas said with confidence. “You can do
When he returned from the kitchen, he brought her a bowl of soup as well. Sam took a few bites of the delectable soup. The warm, creamy tomato bisque slid down his throat and warmed his stomach. It was exactly what he needed after the past 24 hours. He almost moaned in ecstasy at the taste.
She also came to terms with telling Noah about her kids. She invited to him the bunker, which uncovered one lie about her living in an apartment and then sat him down to go into detail about her past and how Sam recently had their twins. She even discussed how Castiel was an angel and how he was dating Dean. When she started talking about how monsters and such were real, he stopped her so that he could collect his thoughts. It was a lot to be thrown at once. He ultimately told her that he needed some time and never called her back.
The angel slowly nodded. “I am one of them,” she whispered. She then looked at Dean as he blinked away his tears. “And I for one will be fighting for your baby’s survival,” she said with a sympathetic smile. Her cold exterior seeming to melt.
“Are you in love with her?” Sam let out an audible frustrated groan. “I mean you hide your little relationship with her from me--”
Jody took the wand and glided it over Dean’s bump. “Are you sure you know what you’re doing?” he asked her while she looked intently at the monitor. More confused than knowledgeable.
It was too early for Sam. Around 4am he heard his son wailing through the baby monitor. It was his turn to check on the twins. He knew their cries like the back of his hand. Ethan was hungry. He groggily got out of bed and padded his way to the nursery. The hallway to the bunker was dimly lit, causing him to bump into a side table that he didn’t remember being there. He cursed quietly cursed at his throbbing toe as he made his way to the sounds of his crying son.
“I mean we can, but that won’t have anything to do with getting you pregnant,” Castiel said, slowly, slightly confused at the proposition. Cas handed him the jar.
“Friendship! Friendship! That’s all it is. Look she moved here a few months ago and we ran into each other at the gym.”
“So that’s why you were humming earlier,” he smirked. Another thought came to Sam. “Hold on, did you have sex with him?”
Without a second thought, Cas ran to Dean and embraced him. He held him close, holding back tears. This was the reunion he had been longing for. Spending months in jail was grueling and dark and the only light he had was the thought of being reunited with Dean. It finally happened.
Sam let out an annoyed huff at his brother and shook his head. “Whatever.” Suddenly, Sam’s daughter, Charlotte, begun to writhe in his large arms, on the verge of a meltdown. Sam awkwardly tried to aide her but it was difficult with Ethan resting in his other arm.
Cas grabbed Dean and held him close. “I’m so sorry Dean, you’re not alone. I’m right here. I’m not going anywhere. I’ll be right by your side the entire time,” Cas whispered in his ear.
As Cas wrapped his arms around Dean and held him tight, he could feel the hug was not reciprocated. When he pulled back Dean wasn’t smiling or crying or joyous. He seemed… pissed. Extremely pissed. “Dean?” Cas said cautiously.
After Sam got Dean into the car, he carefully got his twins strapped into their car seats. Only waking for a moment but soon fell back asleep once the car got moving. It was going to be a long 5 hours’ drive to get to Sioux Falls so Sam waited for their first bathroom break to call Becky on the whereabouts of their children.
Dean heaved a sigh and rolled his eyes. “Can we not, Sam? I just found out that I get to keep my baby. Can I not revel in that?”
To their luck, Alex was able to sneak them into the hospital and into a room that resided in an abandoned wing. “I just want to state publicly that I’m not a doctor nor do I know how to deal with a pregnant man,” she announced to the room. She had prepped the room with a sonogram machine, a few syringes, as well as an IV just in case she needed to pump fluids in Dean.
A few hours later the pain that stemmed from Sam’s nose woke him. He habitually slept with his face into the pillow but was careful not to do that when he initially went to sleep. He must have accidentally moved his face into the pillow, causing his discomfort. He winced at the pain. He rolled over and noticed that the baby monitor that usually sat on his nightstand was removed. Becky must have taken it while he was sleeping to prevent the kids from waking him. It was the small things that warmed his heart.
She leaned in the car and kissed him on the cheek and waved goodbye as he continued to pull out of the driveway.
Once she got to the bunker, she saw Sam sitting in the library reading some old lore books. He looked up to see Becky coming down the stairs. “Morning, how was therapy?”
“If that’ll make you more comfortable then that’s what we’ll do,” he told her. He then reached across the table and rubbed small circles with his thumb across her hand. The butterflies in her stomach came back.
Sam forcibly moved him out his way. “I’m pregnant,” he said solemnly as he walked away. Dean followed his brother to his bedroom. He plopped on his bed in defeat. “What am I supposed to do?”
Sam didn’t want to get into it. He knew once he started rambling about phantom people, he thought he saw in a parking lot, Dean would never let it go. He didn’t need his brother to put him under a microscope. He’d been down that road before when he kept seeing Lucifer everywhere. He didn’t need that again. “Yeah, I’m sure.”
He heard it again, but this time he recognized the voice to be Becky’s. “Becky?” He called out. He pulled himself from the tile floor inside the stall and walked out to see Becky in the middle of the locker room looking worried. “Becky, what are you doing in here?”
Dean got the hint. It was the best he was going to do. He took the bucket of water he had next to him and extinguished the fire, releasing Gabriel from his hold. Before the fire was completely out, Gabriel stopped himself as if he forgot something. “Oh, and Dean? Don’t ever summon me again,” he said and disappeared from the dungeon.
“I’m afraid not, Dean. What Cas did was a major offense in Heaven. Castiel knows the rules. And I can’t play favorites to him or you or Sam. I have to be fair.”
Just like Sam thought, they got to Jody’s right before dusk. Jody lived in a small ranch-style home in a quaint suburban neighborhood. Behind her house was a thick forest where she would enjoy watching the sunrise and set through the trees. It reminded her how much beauty there was in this world that outweighed the nasty.
stressful day, and it just put me behind.” Because Charlotte didn’t go down at the time she was supposed to, it messed up her sleep cycle. It also woke up Ethan, causing him to be cranky for the rest of the day. The laundry and the dishes became a total afterthought.
“She’s in stable condition. We will need keep her overnight for observation and we do recommend to have her released to someone close after an attempt. Are we able to release her to you? We also have a few questions to ask you about Ms. Rosen.” The nurse’s voice was very calm and steady.
Focused on the road Claire asked, “And what exactly do you plan on doing? Demand the angel to break your boyfriend out of jail?” She trusted Dean with her life, but this sounded insane even for her.
Sam gently put his arm around Becky and brought her closer to his hip. He cleared his throat, “Oh, we’re still going strong,” he said with a broad smile.
“Yeah. She’s gonna be in the hospital for a few days, but I was thinking when she gets out to have her live here. I don’t want her to be alone,” Sam tells him. Dean was about to argue when Sam yelled, “We owe her that much!” Stunned in silence Dean simply nodded at Sam’s outburst. “I’m exhausted. I’m going to bed.” Sam felt so guilty for Becky’s predicament. He wasn’t sure if he was supposed to feel that way since it was her fault that he was pregnant, but he couldn’t help it.
Luckily, Jody was nice enough not to point it out. “Okay. Well, I’m off to work but Claire’s gonna be here in case you need anything.”
Sam adjust his daughter in his arms. Now that she was awake, she couldn’t stop wriggling around. “Will you slow down for just a second and explain to me what is going on!”
“We were going to but after we checked in and saw what it looked like, we decided not to stay.” The reunion was at an old bar restaurant that had seen better days.
Stunned she had to go deep in her mind and think. “I would love to say no, but I live with two mid twenty-year old’s, so I’m sure there is one around here somewhere. Why?” she asked.
She couldn’t resist his charm. “Ok, fine.” Sam helped her with the remainder of her laundry and then off they went to the grocery store.
The pain in Dean’s side was beginning to come back. He put a hand to it and let out an audible groan. Claire put a comforting hand on his knee. “Do you need me to call Jody?”
Dean continued to look at his body. He grabbed his hair and turned around enough to see his backside, which he was pleasantly impressed with.
Sam the see’s Dean walk in wearing his long dark grey robe. He always cringed when he saw his brother wearing a dead man’s robe. “What won’t we let get out?” he asked, just hearing the tail end of their conversation.
She frowned and gave off a pout. “That’s boring. I thought you could at least sit in a car or something. Drive somewhere so you’re not staring at these depressing four walls.” She eyed the floral wallpaper that surrounded them.
“A pregnancy test, I could’ve sworn I saw one when we had all of those hunters living with us,” Sam said as he dumped contents of one cabinet in the sink. “Found it!” It was hiding far in the back behind a large bottle of mouth wash.
Jody crossed her arms and looked down at the boys as if they were her children and she was about to scold them for stealing cookies out of the cookie jar. “I’m going to ignore the fact that you, Sam, got pregnant and had two beautiful twins and didn’t tell me. But I refuse to ignore the fact that now Dean is pregnant and I’m just hearing about it? How far along are you?”
“Right…” Dean took a big breath. “So, do you think I should just forgive Cas?” he asked his brother.
“Who are you?” Dean asked him, very shocked to see someone who wasn’t in their inner circle speaking to him about his pregnancy.
Dean grabbed Cas’s hips and pulled him in close. “Nope,” he said with a seductive smile. “Wanna go to my room?” he asked in between kisses. Cas did not need to be asked twice. They ran to Dean’s bedroom where Cas undressed Dean. It was very different than the last time they had sex. First of all, Dean was a man and second, he was about 4 months pregnant. He left a trail of kisses on his belly until he reached his penis. To Cas’s surprise it was already erect, staring at him in the face. He took the opportunity to suck him off until he was right at the edge of cumming. Cas got behind him and thrust into him until they both orgasmed at the same time.
She gave him a once over and stopped at his middle, tempted to touch his stomach. “When Jody and Alex told me that you were pregnant with Cas’ baby I couldn’t believe it. I just had to see it for myself,” she said her eyes growing wider with interest. “You know, technically that’s my baby brother or sister in there since you decided to procreate with the angel inhabiting my father,” Claire pointed out.
Once again Cas nodded but this time a little less eager. “I understand. I don’t care if we’re married or not, I just want to be with you.” Cas stretched out his hand and hesitantly grabbed Dean’s.
“Dean!” Sam shouted as he made his way up the stairs. He then grabbed Dean’s gun and lowered it. “Stop.” He looked at Becky. “What are you doing here?” Sam asked her, seeming concerned for her. She looked lost. He also wondered how he found him because he knew he didn’t give her his address.
Smiling from ear to ear Castiel pulled Jack into a hug. “Thank you,” he tearfully whispered in his ear. “You don’t know how much this means to us.”
Sam gave her a quick apology kiss on her lips and then put his children to bed. As soon as he got his kids into their crib, he made his way to his bedroom and plopped on his bed to take a long nap.
Embarrassed, Dean scratched the back of his neck. “Yeah, I can explain that.” Cas waited impatiently for an answer. “Maybe you should sit down.”
“Do you blame me? The broad has drugged you, tricked you into marriage and now this! You better hope you’re not pregnant, because if you are then you’re stuck with her for the rest of your life.”
Dean rose his eyebrows. He eyed the mason jar with slight disgust. “You want me to drink your grace and whatever else is in that jar?” he asked as he pointed to what looked like a stick floating around in a mystery liquid.
Dean recalled when he first met Cas and he had absolutely no people skills. He was only here on earth for a job, but he began to like humans and spending time with them. And soon fell for Dean Winchester. “I know Cas,” Dean said solemnly. “I know,” he repeated.
Dean acted fast and threw his lighter on the oil, lighting the entire circle. The archangel did not look pleased to see Dean nor was he surprised. “What could you possibly want?”
Becky remained silent as she tried to find the right words. “Sam,” she breathed. “That sounds amazing, but do you mind if I take a few days to think about it?” As much as she wanted to scream, yes, she needed to figure out if this would be good for her.
What Sam was saying was beginning to resonate with Dean. Breaking into Heaven with no plan was not the smartest thing to do, especially in his condition.
They set everything up in Dean’s bedroom. Sam wasn’t keen on the idea, since they were trying to keep Dean’s stress levels down, but you couldn’t argue with a pregnant Dean. He had some choice words for Gabriel that he needed to deliver.
Quiet as they could, they snuck into the cabin threw the back door open. They could hear the sisters talking in the living room. “Alright, by morning we’re heading out. Those hunters can’t be too far behind us.”
When Cas appeared, he seemed standoffish from Dean. “Hello Dean,” he said in his deep gravelly voice.
Sam got to grab his fed jacket that was resting on the back of his jacket. “Yeah, but Dean, let’s not just run in guns blazing.”
Sam was having a hard time wrapping his brain around everything. “Have you and Cas had this secret relationship that I never knew about or...?”
Cas stared at him in a very stoic yet innocent way, with his head cocked to one side. “Dean, we don’t need to have sex to make a baby. All it would take is my grace and--,”
“You’re humming. You never hum. So, either you got laid last night or you won the power ball.” Sam took a seat at the table. “So, which one is it?”
Castiel was looking off in the distance while he concentrating at the task at hand. He finally released his hand and looked at Sam.
Sam tried his best to keep up with Becky talking a mile a minute but he was having trouble. “Um..okay…that was just a lot of information at once. If you think that you’re ready to get out there then you have my blessing” he said. “Not that you need it,” he added. “But I think I’m probably going to stay single for a little while longer.”
Eventually they got him into the infirmary and stripped down. There were old hospital gowns equipped in the room, which Dean helped him get dressed in. Once he was fully dressed, Cas had Sam get on the hospital bed and bend his legs, so he could check him. “You’re at 10 centimeters, Sam,” Cas announced. “I can see the head.”
“Are we 100% sure that this is a good idea. I just want to make sure that you and the baby are going to be okay with her here.”
Cas waited for Dean’s cramping to subside before he spoke. “Dean…I’m sorry. If I still had my wings--,”
At first Becky was a little offended that he would even think something like that, but she then realized that it wasn’t his fault. Becky knew how obsessive she can get when she likes someone. For a while, her sole attention was on Noah. That’s all she could ever talk about it. She couldn’t get enough of him. She carefully touched Sam’s shoulder. “You and these babies come first. Always.”
“Oh, because that went so well the first time. I’m not waiting for her to answer me! If I have to drag that bitch by her ginger hair then I will!” Dean huffed.
“What happened? And where’s Dean?” she asked. She grabbed the bottle from the warmer and began to feed her daughter. Typically, after Dean would come home from work, he would always help Sam with the twins until Becky came home to take over. It was odd not to see him assisting, especially when everything seemed so unruly.
Dr. Char crossed her leg to the other side, never breaking eye contact with Becky. “Well I got to say, I’m very proud of you, Becky. You were presented with temptation with moving in with Sam and you told him, no. You took some time to think about it and ultimately connected with your feelings to determine what would be best for you. That is major progress,” she commended her.
Sam asked Cas to run to the store to grab some of the necessities that they were missing. Dean had also begged him to pick up an apple pie. He was about to walk into the bunker when he was approached by a friend of his, Ruth. She was an angel who cared about Castiel. She began to worry about him when she hadn’t heard from him in a while. “Castiel! I found you!” she said relieved. “Where have you been?”
“I’m not!” he gritted. Sam took two steps away from his brother and then turned back to square him up. “You know, it’s real fucking rich to have you of all people comment on my relationship when
It was cramped but Dean didn’t mind. He needed some time away from his brother and the bunker. All that place did was remind him how empty he felt without Cas by his side. And seeing Sam’s face reminded him how right he was about Cas. How if it wasn’t for Cas lying, again, that he wouldn’t be in this situation. If Cas was just honest from the beginning then he wouldn’t be in jail and his child could have a chance at—
“I thought Thanksgiving wasn’t until tomorrow,” Sam joked as he watched Cas mix together the mac and cheese and place it into a glass pan. “And since when does Cas cook? I thought you were cooking dinner?”
Castiel couldn’t get his brain around summoning Jack. There are spells to summon God but very few worked and he doubted that Jack was going to come down willfully. “How will you summon Jack?” Castiel asked.
The bunker was quiet. Sam checked in on his kids in the nursery who were both sound asleep. During this time Becky would typically be in the kitchen making herself a snack or folding laundry but she wasn’t in there. He shrugged at her absence. Thought that she could be in the library reading or working. Sam took it upon himself to get himself a beer. He took a nice long pull from it and closed his eyes as the bubbly brew went down his throat. Damn did he need this.
Sam smiled. “Oh yeah, a big one,” he laughed. “She’s a better woman than me. So, are you and Cas still going to have a baby? If so, I can have you take care of my son’s blowout,” he teased. “Might as well get used to it.”
“Cas! Out of jail, I see,” Gabriel joyously observed. “Don’t see any teardrop tattoos so I guess they didn’t rough you up too much, but something about you seems different.” Gabriel squinted trying to figure it out until he finally noticed it. He gasped. “Well, I’ll be. You’re human. I know that you’re in love with one of them that doesn’t mean you have to join them,” he teased. “And to answer your question I came because a deal’s a deal. I know the votes will be in soon and it’s not looking too great for old Dean-o here,” Gabriel frowned and looked over to Dean who was more than irritated.
Dean steered his head away from his brother and back into textbook in front of him. “They clip his wings and kill the baby.”
Dean closed his eyes. He could feel is heart thumping inside of him, as if it was about to explode. He firmly placed his hands down on the counter as if he was bracing himself. “I’m in love with you, too,” Dean heard himself admit. “I guess I’ve always been in love with you and I was afraid to admit to myself. I’m sorry, Cas.”
Sam looked over to Becky who had her hands covering her mouth. “Oh my God,” she said, but it was a little muffled. “I can’t believe this.” She didn’t think her little spell would produce twins.
“What? You?” Sam didn’t answer. He didn’t know what to say. “Living a dream where I get to be with you? Where you want to be married to me? Did you ever stop to think how faking that would affect me?” she put her finger to her chest, crying. “I was ready to take ownership of the lies I told Jocelyn. To face the consequences of MY own actions. And you just had to pile on the lies.” She took a breath. “I want to go home.”
Sam didn’t bother arguing with her. He sat down and tried to focus on the questionnaire. He surprised himself at how many of the questions he could answer. He knew her birthday, her occupation and even her middle name. Then the questions got more complicated. It asked what type of medications she’s on. If she’d ever been hospitalized. He had no clue. He answered the questions as best to his ability and handed them back to the annoyed nurse.
“I’m pretty sure watching your pregnant brother while he is on bed rest isn’t in the brother manual,” Dean joked.
Sam continued to walk her out and waited until they ascended the stairs and hidden behind the door to push her up against the wall and give her a hard kiss. She dropped her purse and caressed Sam’s large frame, barely able to grasp at his arm muscles. He grounded his body into her, she could feel he was beginning to get hard. “W-we-uh-we gotta stop,” she said breathlessly while Sam kissed her neck, causing her eyes to practically roll behind her head in pure ecstasy. It was all so titillating. Both of them practically vibrating off each other.
“Yes, we went to a nice place where I was required to wear a suit. It’s not that unheard of,” Sam said sarcastically.
When he got home, Dean was in the library watching old Chuck Norris movies on Sam’s laptop. He was on his 5
There was no denying that their relationship was moving fast and Becky was loving it. She really was falling fast for him. She spent most of her evenings with him, while he took her out to lavish dinners and spontaneous dates. One afternoon, he picked Becky up at work to take her out on a picnic in the park.
Sam stammered, “I-I don’t--because I knew how you’d react! You freaked out when I told you we were friends last year.”
There were too many voices trying to get his attention. He put his hand up at Dean. “Shut up for a second, Dean. Becky, what’s wrong?”
“Last time I was a girl which was one kind of experience and now I’m a guy which is whole other different experience,” he huffed a laugh.
Dean handed over to Castiel, baby Ethan and took one more disgusted look at the jar before he opened it, held his breath, and downed it one gulp. He made a face as he tried to keep it down. He put a fist to his mouth as he tried to suppress his gag reflexes. It tasted like ass, but worse.
Dean groaned and grimaced. He placed a hand on the table and the other hand on his back. “Okay, you’ve convinced me. I should call, Cas.” Dean prayed to him and he did not show.
“That’s okay, I’ll do it, thank you.” He insisted. She had done so much for him and he appreciated her efforts.
The boys spent weeks continuing their research and came up short. Sam slowly stopped the research but Dean kept the books in his room to try and find an answer. Dean kept to himself in his room and barley left unless it was to go to the bathroom or eat. Sam was worried about him. He caught him in the kitchen grabbing beer and snacks.
When they returned Alex was ready with the blood test results. “So, I have good and news and bad news,” she told Dean.
“Calm? What the hell are you--,” Dean got a glance of his reflection from a picture of him and his mom on his nightstand. He grabbed the frame and could just make out his face, where he saw his womanly features.  He got up and ran into the bathroom to get a better look. Sam ran after him and stood at the door. His jawline was softer but still angled nicely. His hair was short like usual but cut in a way that would flatter a woman. He also had boobs. Nothing huge, but they were definitely there. He turned to his brother. “WHAT HAPPENED?!” he yelled.
Cas agreed. He’s been wanting to for months, but didn’t because of Dean’s request. It’s gone too far. He snuck into Dean’s room and he was fast asleep. He placed his hand on his forehead and healed his back. Dean didn’t wake and continued to sleep peacefully.
“Well for starters, are you guys still together? I know you guys chatted and it got pretty heated, so…,” Sam trailed.
Sam’s contraction finally ended and he looked over to Becky, who still looked horrified. “Becky, why are you back so soon? I thought you were planning on sleeping over Noah’s.”
She took back her shot of whiskey. “He-uh-he said that I catfished him. He told me that he could never be a with a girl like me,” she sobbed. She then handed Sam her phone to her Tinder profile picture. The photo was of her in a yellow sundress on the beach. He wasn’t sure what the guy was talking about. She didn’t look any different. Clearly the guy was an asshole. “I’m never going to get married and have kids of my own. That’s all I want, Sam,” she sadly, slurred.
Jack looked around the room to gauge where he was. “Dean? Sam? Cas? Why am I here?” He then noticed Gabriel come into his view. “Gabriel?”
Sam scoffed, “Is he ever dead? We haven’t heard from him for a few months, but he’s our only hope at this point.”
“I don’t think she did. She obviously turned you back into a boy, but I don’t think the pregnancy left you,” Sam rattled on his theory. “I think you’re still carrying that baby. I mean it would make sense--,”
Sam saw the article as well and hipped checked his brother. “Hey, no fried turkeys,” he said sternly. Dean thought if Sam had a hand available, he would wag his finger at him as well. “The last thing we need is a fire in the garage.”
Cas turned to Sam who didn’t look as surprised by Dean’s actions. After all, he had watched Dean come to terms with everything going on, and that included his complicated feelings towards Cas.
Castiel looked at Dean with desperation in his eyes. It broke Dean’s heart. The love of his life was in front of him begging for a second chance. He just had to accept it…. but why couldn’t he? “I don’t know,” he said. “I just know that we can’t go back to the way things were before. We need a fresh start.”
“Well you’re going to have to try because this left untreated can result in going into early labor or placental abruption or worse,” she said sternly. “Which is why I highly recommend that you stay on bed rest for the next couple of weeks—” Dean was about to protest but she continued. “—just until you can get your blood pressure and cholesterol down.”
Dean stared at the test. “Or maybe I’m just stressed. Can’t periods be late because women are stressed? I’m stressed, Sam,” he said, trying to stall.
Dean looked up at Castiel, fixated on his eyes. “Has anyone ever told you that you have beautiful eyes. They’re so blue.”
Castiel slammed him up against the side of the Impala and kissed him back. Hard. Castiel opened the back seat where Castiel tumbled on top of him. Dean struggled to get his bra off. He was used to taking them off of women but doing it as a woman was more difficult. Luckily Castiel gave him an assist. He also helped him take off his pants. He looked Dean in the eye. “Are you sure that you want to do this?”
As he walked down the metal stairs, deeper into the bunker, Becky met him with a concerned gaze at the bottom of the stairs. She lightly touched his face where the bruise on his nose and under his eye had grown larger and darker. “What the hell happened?”
“There’s a lot of things you don’t see me do, doesn’t mean I don’t do them,” he snapped back. To Dean’s surprise, his brother let it go and moved on.
Dean interrupted him. “Okay, that enough. We’re not going to have that conversation. It’s not a big deal that Cas is here. I’m more worried about you and that kid in there.”
He then heard Claire yell her response, “Hey! Hunting is a real job! Just because I’m good at it--,”
Sam rushed to find his keys when he passed his brother walking out of the library. “Where’s the fire?” Dean asked.
Sam entered the kitchen with a look of confusion on his face holding his daughter. He was holding a bottle, while she suckled at it. “What did you do?” Sam, who had major bedhead, racked a hand through his hair.
Dean was not going to accept any failures. He needed to hear from Rowena right away. He would knock down the gates of Hell to find her. Sam read about a way to summon any powerful witch in an old book. It was a long shot, but he thought that he should give it a try. Dean helped Sam gather the ingredients. Once everything was in the bowl, and Sam said the magic Latin words, a large cloud of smoke came from the bowl. Rowena appeared, wearing a gorgeous black dress with her signature smoky eye.
The pain that radiated in his stomach was getting stronger. “Yes,” he groaned. He grabbed his stomach in desperation. With his eyes closed, he asked Dean, voice wavering, “What if I’m losing the baby?”
“I’m still in love with you and I feel like the only way I’m going to get over you is if I start seeing people again. I know that my last date wasn’t ideal, but I’m in a better place than I was then so even if it does go bad, I think I’ll be okay.”
it. It’s probably the best thing I’ve ever seen. Which, is why I know that I don’t deserve this. I know that you heard how I acted when I found out about you and Sam.”
“Who says it’ll go wrong?” Sam challenged. He then softened his face. “Look, I get what you’re saying. But I want to at least give us a try. We’ll take it slow. We’ll do this on your terms. Like don’t think of tonight as a date, just think of it as us parents getting away from the screaming kids for a night,” Sam suggested with a smirk.
“Listen,” Dean began out of breath, “I need for us to take it slow. Like, 2 miles per hour slow,” Dean emphasized.
Sam stood there with his hands in his pocket. He awkwardly cleared his throat, but before he could say anything Becky said, “You didn’t have to come.”
Becky was stunned in embarrassment. Becky knew she looked like total crap. She hadn’t brushed her hair in 3 days. She was out wearing sweatpants and an oversized wrinkled t-shirt with stains on it. On the other hand, she felt that Jocelyn hadn’t looked better. As if somehow, she got a glow-up since the reunion. There was no use in lying. She did that already to Jocelyn in Vegas and she couldn’t even show Sam off at the reunion. “Yeah, I moved here for work. I’ve been here for a few months. What about you? What are you doing here?”
Sam had eventually passed out in his bed when he heard the bunker alarm go off. He jumped up and ran to war room to watch the security cameras. Jody and Cas were ready with their guns cocked. Sam studied the monitors and could see a woman that he didn’t recognize yelling for help. She looked battered. “Who is that?”
Dean was going to rebuttal but the words got stuck in his throat as another wave stabbed his stomach. He sucked in a harsh breath as he tried to breathe through it. He put a hand on his stomach and prayed that his little one was doing okay and would make it. He closed his eyes and prayed. And as he prayed, he thought about Castiel. He could’ve sworn that he was seeing him. He felt so close, yet so far at the same time. He could see Cas standing before him, touching his stomach, telling him that everything was going to be okay. Wiping Dean’s tears away and assuring him that their baby would live a long and fruitful life.
Dean knew this but he was terrified. He promised Sam that he would do it this weekend. He also asked him to stay go out when he did. He didn’t need an audience, and he didn’t know how it was going to go. Sam left, took the Impala to go the farmers market. Dean thought it was a weird choice, but he wasn’t going to question it.
“Becky,” Sam said in a warning tone. “You can’t let this kind of stuff linger. Because he finds out before you tell him--,”
“Hey! They are here to kill you and your baby!” Sam tried to knock some sense into him. “I’m trying to keep you safe. Cas is going to be okay. But I need you stay
Then Dean noticed the mason jar that Castiel had in his hand. It all looked familiar to him but he couldn’t put his finger on it. Until it hit him. “Is-is that your grace?” he asked the angel.
Sam then noticed that Becky wasn’t around. “Where is Becky? Did you tell her about me?” Dean scratched the back of his head as he tried to think of an answer. Sam glared at his brother. “Dean? What did you do?”
A tall young, blond man wearing a lab coat came walking into the room and said, “I can answer that.”
Ever since Sam stopped hunting, he would get the odd suspicion that someone was watching him. Every once in a while, he would get the same feeling when he hunted, but at least back then, he was able to defend himself. Nowadays he never kept fire arms on him. The boys even removed the arsenal out of the trunk.
Sam was pretty sure a blow to his face wouldn’t affect his pregnancy too much, but it could raise his blood pressure, which would have had some negative effects on him. Especially with his preeclampsia diagnosis.
Sam thought he was going to regret this. “Fine. 5 minutes,” he said. He told her to meet him at a local coffee shop. So, she abandoned her work out and met him there. Neither one of them actually got something to drink. It somehow didn’t seem appropriate. Sam crossed his arms as he sat across from her. “Your 5 minutes start now.”
Castiel chuckled. “Well I guess we’re just going to have to wait and see,” he said as he pulled his boyfriend in for a tender kiss. He then not so subtly placed his hand on Dean’s stomach and it didn’t take much for Dean to notice. He decided not to bring attention to it while they kissed. He might have even liked it. It was as if Cas could already feel their baby growing inside of Dean.
Dean was grinding on top of Cas, very close to finishing when Cas panted, “I want to –-have a baby---with you---.”
Jack turned around to face the wall. He was having a hard time facing them all. “I’m sorry I can’t. I know that makes me a hypocrite, but I have to think about what’s best for the universe.” He turned around to face them again. “And a Nephilim could be incredibly dangerous.”
“So, what’s this case you guys are off to?” Jody asked them. She had invited them to dinner. Sam protested but Jody wasn’t asking. She handed Dean and Sam a beer. “Anything you guys need help with?”
He texted Cas to come over and within seconds he appeared in their library. Dean was wearing a baggy sweatshirt to hide his bump. Most of his shirts fit snuggly over his bump and the sweatshirt hid it well enough from unsuspecting people.
Dean nodded. “Thanks.” He walked over to the crib and touched the angel wings that were painted on the wall. He couldn’t believe that his baby would be half-angel. Will probably be just as stubborn as his dad. Both of his dads. As he thought about his angelic child, it gave Dean a pretty swift kick to the ribs. “Ooof,” he groaned softly.
“This is stupid,” Sam said aloud to himself. After he stopped hunting, he swore his brain would make anything up that gave him the excuse to get back into the life. He was probably seeing things. He shook it off and got into his car.
“When will you get it through your thick skull that Becky loves you, even though you don’t love her back. And you keep giving her an inch, which is just going to mess her up even more.”
Dean cut him off speaking very low and as calmly as he could. “You know, when you told me that the angels were okay with us having our baby, I was fucking terrified. I saw what Sam went through and I wasn’t sure if I could go through with that. But you convinced me that I could do it. You told me that I was going to be okay because you were going to be there with me, every step of the way. But you lied,” Dean said. He closed his book and placed it on his nightstand.
Dean could see that Sam was bracing himself for bad news. “Your baby is fine. Cas was able to save it in time.”
Sam was a little surprised to see her. He let her have the evening off since she had gone back to work and had been exhausted after the long hours. He expected her to sleep for a few more hours. “What are you doing up?”
“Hey, I have an idea,” Jody started. “let me take you the station. They got an infirmary in there. We can check the baby. Make sure everything is okay,” she suggested. Seeing the baby could help change his mind about wanting to get rid of it, she thought.
At first Dean thought it was a dumb question, until he realized that he hadn’t tried praying to him. With all of the prayers, Jack hears a day, he doubted that he would hear Dean’s, especially since he was pissed off at him. He thought he would give it a try anyway. Dean bowed his head and closed his eyes. “God—Jack? It’s Dean Winchester. I need to talk to you.” He opened his eyes and waited a moment for him to appear. Nothing. He tried again. “Jack,” he began with a rigid voice. “I need you to talk to me. You took Cas and I just want to chat about it.” Nothing. “Dammit, Jack! Get your ass down here!”
Dean picked up on the struggle and without asking, grabbed Ethan. Sam thanked him with his eyes and started to rock Charlotte on his shoulder, calmly shushing her. “It’s okay, Char. What’s wrong?” he said as he bounced her up and down. His palm cradled her diaper and he felt a slight dampness. “I think she needs to be changed,” he told Dean. “Do you mind watching Ethan for a second?”
“I bought it last night,” he said with a mouthful of cake. “I had every intention just to grab some fruits and veggies for my green juice, but then I saw the chocolate cake in the bakery section. Taunting me,” Sam recounts. He sighed, “I’ve lost all control, Dean, and I don’t even care anymore.” He took another bite of his cake. “There’s a pie in the fridge,” he told him.
Cas simply sighed. “I could get in so much trouble for this,” he told Dean. Cas had spent a lot of time trying to get back in the good graces with heaven and this was not going to bode well his winged colleagues.
“A baby that could die if this trial doesn’t go your way. But this isn’t the first time that he’s done this. How many times have we had to save Cas’s ass because he became a little too righteous and did something behind our backs? Wake up, Dean! The problem isn’t Heaven or Gabriel or the angles or Jack, it’s Cas.”
Dean rolled his eyes. “Whatever. I don’t have any clothes.” All of Dean’s clothes were too big on his new slimmer figure. His pants were more difficult and was constantly hiking them up. Hardly the best way to hunt.
“I am! For starters my brother’s pregnant. And now Cas is here. Haven’t seen him for over 2 years. Not since he-,” he stopped himself and looked Becky who was staring right back at him, intrigued in his story.
“Let’s get this done,” Dean cocked his gun with a look of anger and determination in his eyes. He hated witches and was always down to rid the world of one of them.
“Yes, I heard you, Dean. You’re pregnant with a Nephilim,” he said with what sounded like anger in his voice.  “You should’ve told me sooner,” he chastised him.
Sam winced as he swallowed. His throat was sore from the stomach acid passing through his esophagus. “Uh, dizziness and nausea mostly,” he told her. “Started about a week or two after I last spoke to you.”
Sam hoped that this was a fluke, a one-time thing, but his nausea, dizziness and headaches continued for weeks.
Jody waved a hand in front of Dean’s face. He had zoned out for a while. “Hello? You okay in there?”
Dean was 42 weeks and the angels hadn’t made their move. The bunker was on edge with anticipation. Dean on the other hand was irritated, large and at this point could care less about the angels. He had said multiple times that, “if these angels can get this baby out of me, then bring it on!” Jody would check on his progress daily. He was way overdue. In a normal world she could steal some drugs to induce him, but they were all on lock down. Meaning, the baby would have to come in its own time.
They cautiously left their child’s nursery to be sure Sam and Becky weren’t lurking around and retreated to Dean’s bedroom. If Dean wasn’t pregnant, he would be ready for round 2 but he was exhausted as it was. Carrying around a 20-pound ball strapped to your stomach wasn’t a walk in the park. As good as it felt, he knew that he was going to be paying for it for the next couple of days.
Sam waited until she fell asleep for him to leave. He made a note to come back first thing in the morning to spend time with her. When he got back to the bunker, Dean was pacing in the library, anxiously waiting for his brother to come home. The second he heard the door open, he rushed to the bottom of the staircase. “Hey! What happened? Is she okay?”
“I lied. I knew how much this pregnancy meant to you. To us. I didn’t want to give it up because of what Heaven had to say. So, I thought if I kept it hidden from them then it wouldn’t matter. But they found out.”
She even got the cutest onesies to put the twins in. She bought matching elf sets for them, except Charlotte’s was a red and green tulle dress. She couldn’t get over how cute they looked for Christmas. Even Sam had to admit that they looked adorable.
“Wait, you don’t have your wings anymore?” Cas didn’t even have to say anything for Dean to know the answer. Dean pinched the bridge of his nose and heaved a heavy sigh “You’ve got to be kidding me. So, if something happens to our kid, we can’t even rely on you to heal them or me.”
It wasn’t unusual for Dean to be upset with Castiel, but this was their first fight as a couple. And it strangely felt final-- like a breakup. “Dean,” Cas said quietly. “I am so sorry,” he said which sounded like he was pleading. “If I would’ve known that this was going to happen then I wouldn’t have taken the chance.”
It was in the early evening when Sam passed the bathroom and Becky was putting the final touches to her make up. She was wearing a tight navy-blue dress and her dirty blond hair was expertly twisted in a bun. “Hey, you have a date tonight?”
Becky tucked her blouse back into her pants and fixed her hair. “Wouldn’t have it any other way,” she said and then gave him a final kiss before leaving for work.
Sam continued to worry about Becky’s new boyfriend. After their first date, they hit it off right away. His name was Noah, and he was a young pediatrician, who just received his doctorate. He was fairly new to town and was eager to meet new people. After their coffee shop date, Noah texted her immediately to make plans to see her again.
“They are?” Sam didn’t realize they were that close together. It all felt the same. Just bad searing pain.
Sam could see the exhaustion behind his brothers’ eyes. He saw the defeat. “What about Gabriel? Didn’t he say he would help if things didn’t go our way?” Sam wasn’t the biggest fan of the idea of Gabriel interfering but if he could save Dean’s kid then he would put his thoughts aside.
Jody hummed thoughtfully. “If you’re lucky. But I’m sorry about them. You sure you’re okay staying here? I know it’s a little cramped,” she apologized.
Dean could feel another wave of nausea overcome him. He grabbed a hold of the toilet as he braced himself for another round.
“Oh, that’s the easy part. Remember, Jack isn’t Chuck. He’s only been doing this for a short time, so summoning him is way easier than getting ahold of Dad,” Gabriel said as he closed his eyes with his arms outstretched. He mumbled a few words in Latin and then within seconds Jack was standing in Dean’s bedroom with the whole crew, looking quite confused.
For the rest of the evening Becky locked herself in her bedroom. Dean told Sam how he needed to talk to her. She was not mentally stable and having her in a locked room was probably not the best idea. Sam politely knocked on the door, which she answered fairly promptly. Sam was carrying a tray of food. Dean had made some delicious beef stew. It was one of the only things that Sam could keep down. “You hungry?” Sam asked, presenting the stew. Even Becky couldn’t say no to Dean’s cooking. She nodded, and took the tray from Sam’s grasp. “And do mind if I come in?” he asked.
Sam and Cas would try and help Dean by getting him ice packs or heating pads when he needed them. In the evenings, Cas would give him massages. He offered to heal him, but Dean had always felt weird about Cas healing him unless it was a dire emergency.
Dean was breathless. He couldn’t believe this was happening again. Cas was telling him that he loved him and he couldn’t escape. He had to face his sexuality head on. “Cas—I—this isn’t easy for me.”
As she perused snack aisle, she heard a familiar shrill voice call out her name. “Becky?! Becky Rosen, is that you?” When she turned around a tall brunette was making her way to her with a baffled look. It was Jocelyn Caruso, a former classmate of Becky’s, of who she never got along with. “What are you doing here?” She brought her in for a forced hug. “I haven’t seen you since the reunion in Vegas. What are you doing here in Kansas?” She then took a beat and scoffed. “Don’t tell me you’re living here.”
Dean touched his hand. “Hey, it’s okay. You’ll have plenty of chances to connect with the baby. Any type of movement or flutter I feel, I’ll make sure you feel it too,” Dean told him as he leaned in to kiss him.
“Please!” he begged. “The angels wouldn’t understand. You’re not like the other angels; I know you’re not. You have a mind of your own. Please do not tell them.”
They waited a little past the hour before they got Jody on the phone. She rushed over as quickly as she could. When she arrived, she and Sam helped Sam up to put him in a nice warm bath. It was to loosen up his muscles. She also stole acetaminophen from the hospital. She read that doctors will prescribe this pain reliever to pregnant women. It wasn’t as strong as Vicoden, but it would have to do.
Dean was lying in his bed reading what looked like an ancient book. Cas could hardly make out the worn-out cover but he did see the words, “Nephilim” and “Protection” on it. He glared up from his book and splayed it in his lap. “Dean, can we talk?” Cas asked as he closed his bedroom door.
“So, your plan is to simply talk to Jack to convince him to throw out the vote?” Sam asked. “What if disagrees and doesn’t want to?”
Dean ended up taking the test and they waited the 3 minutes that the box told them to. They sat in silence until the timer on Sam’s phone went off. Dean walked over to the test. “What does two lines mean?”
Sam eventually returned from the farmers market with bags filled with fresh produce. He was in the kitchen putting away the vegetables when Castiel ran into him in his underwear. “Cas!” Sam exclaimed. He bashfully turned away. “I guess you’ve already spoken to Dean about his pregnancy.”
“Yeah, if you can’t talk to them then I will, but I gotta warn you, that’s a path you don’t want to go down,” he threatened. “All of the angels think I’m dead. So, if I miraculously were to pop up in Heaven barking orders, who do you think they’ll listen to? The only archangel that is alive or God 2.0?”
“Why not? I’m gonna die anyway, right?” she said with a sinister grin. She raised her hand threw some magical light towards Dean that threw him against a bookshelf, knocking him out. Sam shot his gun towards both sisters, killing them.
Alex stepped out to run the tests. Sam had stepped out as well to change and feed the twins and Jody joined him to help.
“Too bad.” Sam helped Dean take off his pants. Once he did, he saw the top of the baby’s head emerging from Dean. “Holy shit,” Sam breathed. “okay, I see the head.”
Becky and Sam enjoyed being new parents. They soon got in a rhythm with their kids, since they were on opposite sleeping schedules. They also got around to naming their kids. Sam named his son and Becky named her daughter. Charlotte and Ethan Winchester. Becky decided it would be a good idea if her kids had the Winchester last name. It was a strong name that many respected and feared.
It was the next day and Thanksgiving was among them. Dean woke up before his alarm and was excited that his stomach didn’t feel too queasy. He was up before the rest of the household so the bunker was relatively quiet. He. Tip toed to the kitchen to take out the Turkey that had brined overnight. When he took off the foil to rinse the bird the nausea came back. He instantly began to gag and ran to the sink to throw up what little there was left in his stomach. “
The drive back to Jody’s was a silent one. Dean sat in the Impala while Sam drove and watched the car's headlights pass him in the night. After they got off the main road the cars lessened and the road wasn’t paved as well, bumping the car throughout the rest of their ride.
Roussillon was a French restaurant and the nicest restaurant in town. Most people that went were either celebrating something or getting proposed to. Sam highly doubted that Noah would propose this early in the relationship, but he had money and loved to spend it on Becky.
They spent the rest of that evening wrapped up in each other’s arms until Dean fell asleep. It was the best sleep he had gotten in months. He finally felt whole again.
“Typically, we can, but when it’s your own child, it’s a lot more difficult. Silly, I know,” Cas said with sadness behind his words.
The nausea was beginning to come back. Before he spilled his guts, he felt Cas grab his hands, anchoring him. “I have to stay in Heaven while the trial is proceeding.”
Sam was home trying to get his daughter asleep for her nap. Ethan already had fallen asleep and was tucked in his crib. Charlotte was having a little more of a difficult time. Sam had bounced her around the bunker in an attempt to get her asleep. She was finally nodding off when Dean rammed open the bunker door, causing it create a loud screeching sound that only heavy metal doors can do. As if he was opening the door to vault.
Cas took Dean’s hands in his. “Maybe we wait till after Thanksgiving. That way you can keep your mind focused on one thing,” Castiel suggested, caressing Dean’s check.
“She said that she needed to get over me and said focusing on someone else will help with that. I’m happy for her. I want her to find someone. She deserves love, too. I’m just worried.”
On his way from the bathroom, Dean was eager to get back underneath his covers and take a long nap. He was becoming fond of midafternoon naps. When Becky hastily approached him, linking arms with him. “You’re coming with me,” she said, as she steered him in the opposite direction of his bedroom.
She didn’t hate therapy, she just hated confronting the realities of what she’s done and who she had become. It’s a big reason why it took her so long to see a therapist after kidnapping Sam. She didn’t want to hear how much of a stalker she was. Since moving to a new town, she left her old therapist and dreaded finding a new one. It was like starting all over again. But she managed to find a pretty decent one. Her name was Dr. Char. She looked to have been in her mid 40’s. Becky knew that she had 2 girls and a husband, because she would see the photos of whole family on her desk. Seemed like this woman had the perfect life.
Sam couldn’t believe what he was hearing. There was this wild energy radiating through his brother that he needed to tame. “Dean, stop! We are not going to get archangels involved in this! I meant it when I said that I wanted to step away from hunting for the sake of my family and I’d like to keep that promise,” Sam said as he continued to soothe his crying daughter.
Claire gave Dean a quick kiss on the cheek before leaving the room. Dean took advantage of the silence and closed his eyes. He took a deep breath and let it out slowly. As he did so, he felt his baby move underneath his fingers. He placed his hand where he felt the baby push against his hand. “I know, baby I know,” he whispered to his stomach. “you’re pissed at me too and you know what? I don’t blame you. I’m angry too. Not at you but your father. You see, he’s the reason why we’re in this whole mess. If he were here then I wouldn’t be so stressed out, your life wouldn’t be in danger and we could pretend like things are normal for like 5 minutes.”
Sam looked back to the store where Dean disappeared to use the restroom. He was still nowhere to be seen. “Not great. He keeps talking about these pains that he’s having. I’m not sure what it is but it can’t be good.”
And a miracle it was. Eventually, Becky came out with Ethan and got the twins dressed in super cute Thanksgiving outfits. It was their first holiday and she wanted to start a tradition while they were young to have them wear cute matching themed outfits. Charlotte wore a cute cream-colored dress with turkeys and gourds on them and Ethan wore the same pattern but in a onesie. Dean had more basting to do and then just take the rest of the sides out of the oven. Most were finished cooking; they were just warming in the oven. With Cas still, MIA Sam helped Dean get the food on the table and Becky even made the salad, which Dean found pointless. “Who eats salad on Thanksgiving?” he kept asking her. Regardless she was determined to have some kind of green on the table and made a killer cranberry-almond salad.
They ran to the dungeon and all of the angels were crowded around the door, doing what they could to break it down. The room was warded so, the angels couldn’t zap in, which meant neither could Cas. Suddenly Cas got an idea. He used the blood coming out of his wound to create a sigil on the wall. He placed his hand in front of it causing a bright light that encompassed the room sending the remaining angels away. “We need to be quick because they’ll be back,” he said as he ran to the dungeon.
“Would this person be the father of your baby?” she pried. Dean looked away without an answer. “Look, you don’t have to tell me who it is or anything, but whoever it is has a right to know before you go off and do something stupid.”
Dean heard his brother loud and clear. “Okay. I’ll back off,” he surrendered. He then took the duffle to her room where she sleeping sound in her bed. He placed it down on the floor next to her bed. He went to leave the room when he heard Becky stir in her sleep.
Cas put his hand on Dean’s chest and slowly pushed him out of the room. “It’s going to take me a while to fix this, and I don’t need any distractions.”
Sam laughed. “Yeah, probably not. Get some rest. Holler if you need anything,” he told him before leaving the room.
Dean didn’t think much of Sam’s disappearance. He was trying to focus on not vomiting all over the kitchen floor. Once all of the prep work was done, Dean went to his bedroom to hide the pregnancy test in his drawer. He then plopped on his bed, exhausted, as if he was the one prepping all of the food. It felt good to be away from the smell of food and relaxing his muscles. Castiel joined him shortly after and cuddled with him in the bed, arm wrapped around him, with his fingertips ever so gently touching his abdomen.
“I don’t know, Sam,” she said hesitantly. “I went to a lot of therapy to get over you. If things go wrong--,”
fine,” Dean said, trying to convince his brother and himself. He brushed past his brother and retreated to bed, leaving Sam speechless in the hallway. It took everything in his body not to run after his brother and have him talk out his problems, but Sam was exhausted. He made the walk back to his room and crashed.
Sam went to the library and picked out every book they could find on witches and gender bending spells. They spent hours going through the books, but came up empty handed. Dean pushed the book across the table in frustration. “I can’t read this anymore this crap anymore. I say we call Cas.”
“No, you’re not. Just let me help you,” Sam offered. Dean rolled his eyes and eventually got himself up. “I don’t know why you won’t let Cas heal your back. There is no use to put yourself through all of this pain.”
He thought on his feet and said, “I’m her ex-husband.” This wasn’t a lie. It may of have been an annulled marriage, but he still said ‘I do’.
The expression on Ruth’s face was a mixture of confusion and shocked. “You’ve known this whole time? How—I don’t understand--,”
“Long story short, you got me pregnant when I was a girl and when I changed back the baby stayed,” Dean quickly explained to him. Dean pulled up a chair to face Castiel. “What are you feeling?”
“Shit.” He cursed at himself. Dean was about to call out to Becky to bring her back to apologize when Castiel opened the door.
He got out of the car and into his motel room. When he looked back to his car Castiel disappeared from the driver’s seat. Sam was asleep when he came into the room. He got undressed and passed out in his bed, letting the evening wash away.
Becky could feel tears stinging her eyes. Before she could just come clean, she felt a hand on her shoulder touch her. “You ready to go?” Becky turned around to see Sam toting the grocery cart with his shampoo and conditioner piled on top. Sam looked at Jocelyn as if he was trying to register where he had seen her. She doubted that he remembered everything that happened when he was drugged. Becky was about to re-introduce them when Sam said, “Jocelyn, right?” he said without skipping a beat.
“I’m not thrilled that this is happening, by any means, but I also know that this baby is going to need a mother. The last thing I want to happen is think that I want you dead. Or that somehow this world would be better if you weren’t in it,” he said with a gentle smile.
“Yes, Sam, I’m good. I’m back to normal,” Dean said giving him a knowing nod. Dean finally felt like himself again.
“Like my nose is broken,” he said, pinching at the bridge of his nose. “Were you cooking your tomato bisque earlier? I could’ve sworn that I smelt it when I came in.”
Dean huffed a laugh, “Yeah, it feels good to get off my chest.” He said. Dean felt so much lighter now that he came out to his brother.
When they pulled up to her driveway she was already standing on the gravel, patiently waiting to greet them. Dean was the first to get out of the Impala but severely struggled. Jody noticed and scurried to the passenger door to help him out of the car. “Let’s get you inside,” she told him. Sam was right behind her holding the twins by their car seat handles.
Sam was relieved to hear that she wasn’t so head over heels that she at least recognized the importance of being home. Especially with Sam’s pregnancy coming to a close. But it was a big night for her, so he wanted her to enjoy it. “No, I’ll be okay. If anything happens, we’ll call you, so just keep your phone on you.”
“Uh, Dean I was joking,” she said with panic rising in her voice. “Alex and Jody said that you are on strict bed rest.”
Jody raised her eyebrows. “20 weeks,” she said unbelievably. “And Sam told me that your pregnant with a Nephilim? Like Jack?”
Sam put his beer down on the table before answering. “A lot has happened since you went—away,” Sam restrained himself. “Dean is on bedrest. He has a condition call preeclampsia. We’ve had a few scares in the past few weeks.” Sam could see the fear in Cas’s eyes as he explained what’s going on with Dean. “The doctor told us that he needs to stay stress-free for himself and the baby’s sake.”
Before getting back into the car, Sam checked on the twins. Ethan had just stirred awake when Sam opened the backseat door. He pulled him out of the car seat to check if he needed to change his diaper. To his surprise it was dry. In the diaper bag that he hastily put together before fleeing the bunker, he found a bottle of milk to feed his son as he waited for Dean. Ethan suckled the milk with vigor. Sam smiled down at his son. “You were hungry, weren’t you?” he chuckled. Sam suddenly heard the bell attached to the Gas and Sip ring, and Dean was slowly making his way to the car. Color yet to return to his face. “How are you feeling?”
Becky finished feeding Charlotte and got the kids in bed. Sam decided to retreat to bed as well. On his way to his room, he stopped at Dean’s door where he locked himself in after Jack left. He contemplated checking on him. He hovered his knuckles over the wooden door and then slowly lowered it. Dean was probably beside himself about the situation. Mourning the temporary loss of his fiancé. Not to mention the unknown outcome of his baby. He was sure that he wanted to be alone. So, Sam padded his way to his room and went to bed.
“So, what if I did? Since when do you monitor my alcohol consumption?” Dean quipped. He also tried his very best not to slur. He knew that he was drunk, but could still hold a semi-intelligent conversation. “What are you doing up?”
When she got off the elevator, Dr. Char’s secretary was just taking off her coat and putting it on the back of her chair. “Becky!” she beamed at her. She a was a young lady who was still in school getting her masters in Psychology. While waiting for Dr. Char, they had struck up some friendly conversations. “You can go right in. Dr. Char is waiting for you.”
Sam opened his mouth to rebuttal but a groan came out instead. He put a hand to his stomach as he slowly breathed out.
Dean squinted at the immediate bright light being shone into his eyes. “How long have I been out?” The last thing he remembered was Claire driving him to the hospital. It must have been a while since his brother had taken the 5-hour drive to Sioux Falls.
Sam could sense Dean’s anger about the situation so he decided to try and make light of it. “I guess angels don’t get Thanksgiving off.”
Then it dawned on Sam. He shot up from his seat and looked at Dean. “Dean, can I talk to you for a second in private?” he forcefully pulled Dean from the couch and into the kitchen. “I think you’re still pregnant,” Sam whispered to Dean, his eyes wide and crazed from his realization.
This gave Sam the slightest bit of hope. He tried to read how Dean was feeling but he seemed to be getting angrier and angrier the more Jack spoke.
“Heaven? What is he doing there?” It had been a few days since Sam remembered seeing Cas around the bunker.
“Long story short, Dean and I wanted to live normal lives. So, we both left the life and got normal jobs.”
Dean rushed to Cas, but Sam grabbed him before he could get to him. “Cas!” Dean yelled as he was being dragged away. He the last he saw of the scene were angels beginning to swarm the bunker. Jody was firing away, trying her best to kill each one, but retreating back in the process. There were outnumbered.
Jocelyn stared at him flabbergasted. “Uh, yeah… I didn’t think you two were still together. Sorry-since I didn’t see you, I just thought-,” she began to back pedal.
Dean brought Cas’s hand underneath his black t-shirt to his bare stomach. They waited patiently until Cas could feel a distinctive foot hit his palm. Cas quietly gasped which was followed by a soft laugh. His eyes fixated on Dean’s baby bump. “Wow…,” he trailed. “such a miracle.”
Sam needed to sit down. He plopped his large frame in the chair, still in shock. “Oh—okay. Are you sure?” Sam heard himself say. He soon regretted it after it came out. “Sorry—that’s not what I mean—I’m happy for you. I’m glad that you told me,” he said to Dean.
2 years ago, the boys decided to hang up their guns and live normal lives. Sam tried to convince Dean to move out of the Bunker, but Dean had considered it his home.
Sam rolled his eyes. He thought Dean was being absurd but he didn’t want to fight anymore. “Fine. Whatever,” he said dismissively and then shut the front door to Jody’s house.
The bartender gave Castiel the beer he ordered. “You sure? I know that you’ve been going through a hard time lately.”
“I expect you to respond and not leave me in the dust for 2 years! I didn’t even know you stopped hunting. And then by some miracle of God you pray to me. Not because you want to talk, but because Sam is pregnant and is having a miscarriage. You called me because you needed me and like a good soldier, I came. But I don’t want to be a solider anymore. I want to be with you, Dean.” Cas told him, earnestly.
Dean nodded. “I’m good. I’ve just been having these pains for the past few hours. Braxton Hicks contractions I think they’re called.”
“No. Dean and I stopped hunting.” Sam’s mind was going a thousand miles an hour. “Wait a minute. Have you been the one that’s been stalking me?” It made so much sense now. He wasn’t losing it. He knew someone was watching him, it had to of been Becky.
“Just, let’s be careful, okay?” Sam pleaded with him. Dean didn’t answer and instead blew past him and headed for the door. “Cool…good talk.”
Castiel had just put the baby down for her afternoon nap. He found Dean in their bedroom frantically looking around for something. “What are you doing?”
Dean was tempted to Kentucky Fry himself an archangel. “We’ve saved your ass too many to count and you can’t return the favor?”
Sam’s nausea was still pretty bad. Becky couldn’t bear to hear him getting sick every morning. Every time she saw him run to the bathroom; she would feel this wave of guilt wash over her. And it didn’t make it any better that he was being so nice to her all of the time. Even on his worst of worse days he always found a way to speak to her and make her feel seen.
Dean’s heart hurt. His heart was racing so fast, that it was threatening to jump out of his chest. “Are there any angels in Heaven that give a shit about this baby?” he asked, his voice wavering.
