Hey guys! I wanted to have this chapter out yesterday, but my power went out and I wasn't able to work on it. I hope the long chapter makes up for it (: The next chapter might take a little while for me to post as well, but we'll see. As always, constructive criticism is welcomed and appreciated.
“You’ll what?” Even though I can’t see his face, I can hear the smirk in his voice. He starts walking slower just to bug me.
I’m still looking down the stairs where Sherlock stood just a few moments ago, confused by his last word before he left. What did he mean by “
Now it’s time for me to start making deductions. I crouch down so I can get a closer look. I look at the hand that Jennifer used to scratch “Rache” into the floorboards. She was left-handed. “Rache” is German for revenge, but I don’t think that’s what she was trying to write. I deduce that she was trying to write “Rachel” but she died before she could finish. I crouch down and run my hand along her back. Wet. I find her white umbrella underneath her. Dry. I run my fingers underneath her coat collar. Wet. I bring out my mini magnifying glass to examine her jewelry. First, I look at her bracelet. Clean. Next, her necklace. Also clean. Then I look at her wedding ring. Dirty. I deduce that she was unhappily married for 10+ years. I pull the wedding band off her finger. The outside is dirty, but the inside is clean, so it is regularly removed. I put it back on her finger. I deduce that she was a serial adulterer.
“Yes! Oh God, yes!” I wriggle around, encouraging John to continue. John eagerly complies, slicking up his fingers and sliding them up and down my crack. “Oh God, Jawnnn!” I moan as he slips one finger inside me, working me open. After a minute, I decide I’m ready for another. “Add another Jawn! Please, add another!”
⚠️WARNING⚠️ This chapter mentions self-harm, suicidal thoughts, and attempted suicide. Donovan and Anderson are bitches and that leads to some tears and sad conversations.
“...It’s murder. All of them. I don’t know how, but they’re not suicides, they’re killings - serial killings. We’ve got a serial killer. Love those, there’s always something to look forward to!” I exclaim, running down the stairs now.
“John! John Watson!'' said the voice. The man grabs John's hand and shakes it. “Stamford. Mike Stamford, we were at Barts together.”
I’ve made my way over to the main road and I’m trying to catch a cab. There are so many people pushing past me and none of the cabs are stopping. As I’m trying to walk through the busy street, I hear a telephone ringing. I look around to try and find where it’s coming from. I turn towards a little convenience store where there's a payphone ringing. When an employee went to pick it up, it stopped. I continued walking down the street. I’m about to cross the street when a telephone booth starts ringing. Could they be trying to contact me? No, that’s stupid. I walk past it and it stops ringing. I walk back over to it and it starts ringing again. This is strange. I go into the booth and pick up the phone.
“So is Sergeant Donovan.” This causes the two of them to share a panicked look. “Oh! And I think it just vapourised! May I go in?”
“I’m not implying anything.” I interrupt. “I’m sure Sally just came round for a lovely little chat and happened to stay over.” I give a quick little glance in Sally’s direction. “And I assume scrubbed your floors, going by the state of her knees -” and with that, I go inside with John directly behind me.
gay, so I’m not sure. I take my phone out of my jacket and turn it around in my hands, examining it. I’m still amazed when a voice startles me.
“When one is avoiding the attention of Sherlock Holmes, one learns to be discreet. Hence this place.” He motions around the room with his umbrella. “Your leg must be hurting, sit down.”
“...Where would I get a cab? It’s just… well, uh, my leg…” I ask, trailing off. It hurts to be this lost and helpless, but I hide it like a good soldier.
- I'm changing all of my usernames to match, so as you may have noticed, my username is now @mack_cumberbatch.
”. I’ve obviously startled Ms. Hudson and I rush into a series of apologies. “I’m sorry, I’m so sorry, it’s just sometimes ... bloody thing.”
I put down the newspaper and I’m frowning. This Sherlock Holmes, who the hell is he? How could he know everything about me at just one quick glance? And now I think I’m falling for him, but I am
I pull out my phone and start typing on it. I walk over to the door without looking up from what I’m doing. “Yes, thank you for your input,” I say to Anderson just as I close the door in his face.
Sherlock goes to hang out with Molly at the morgue. Some ansgty-ish stuff ensues. There's also a "blink and you'll miss it" Good Luck Charlie reference in this chapter lol.
“I’m afraid you won’t like what you see… I’m so swollen and I don’t like the way it looks.” I cover my stomach with my arms.
gay! I better say something before I make a real idiot of myself. “Hello. Mr. Holmes!” I say, hoping that I don’t sound like a bigger idiot than I already feel.
John is looking around at the police and police vehicles with a bit of a confused and worried look on his face. “Look, what exactly am I supposed to be doing here?” He asks me.
“You were thinking. It’s annoying.” Lestrade and John look at each other and Lestrade rolls his eyes as I advance towards the body.
.” I moan at the touch. John lets go of my cock for a second so that he can put on the cock ring. Once he does that, he turns it on which feels so bloody amazing.
“Alright. I will be right back.” She hands me a towel to wipe the gel off my stomach before leaving the room.
“Information. Nothing indiscreet, nothing you’d feel…” He pauses for a moment. “Uncomfortable with. Just, tell me what he’s up to.” He finishes.
“Get into the car, Dr. Watson.” The voice instructs as a big, black limousine pulls over next to the phone box. “I would make some sort of threat, but I’m sure your situation is quite clear to you.” He finishes and then the line goes dead. A man gets out of the car and opens the door to the backseat for me. I hesitate for a moment, but then decide to get in the car because I have no other choice.
Hello! I am so sorry it's been so long since I've updated! I've just been so busy. Please forgive me. I've also fractured my left wrist so that's fun (not). If you're still here, I am so grateful! I'm working on chapter 8 as we speak, so that should be out soon. I've also got some ideas for some angsty stuff with Eurus, so stay tuned! I hope you enjoy! Please let me know what you think in the comments!
“You have an intermittent tremor in your left hand.” He says, consulting his notebook. “Your therapist thinks it’s post-traumatic stress disorder. She thinks you’re haunted by memories of your military service…”
“Well, we’ve just met and we’re going to go look at a flat together??” John asks with extreme surprise and confusion.
“There is a security camera at the top right corner of the building opposite you. Do you see it?” The voice on the phone tells me. I have no clue who this is.
A taxi has just pulled up so I open the door and get inside, wait for John to get in as well, and then we’re off.
We find Lestrade putting on some of the crime scene coveralls in one of the many rundown rooms of the house. I toss a pair of coveralls at John. “You’ll need to put these on,” I tell him.
Hey guys! I'm sorry it's been so long since I've posted a chapter, I wasn't feeling very motivated to write. Hopefully, this somewhat long chapter makes up for it (: I wanted to get this chapter out to you today because I'm leaving to go camping for a few days. I will work on the next chapter as soon as I get back, I promise. Thank you so much for reading and as always, constructive criticism is welcomed and appreciated.
“Oh yes, I’ve done my research. It’s perfectly safe to have sex whilst pregnant, it won’t harm our baby at all.”
“Umm… Afghanistan. I’m sorry, how did you - ?” but John didn’t finish as Molly Hooper came through the door bearing coffee.
“You’ve got psychosomatic limp, of course you’ve got a therapist. Then there’s your brother -” I take John’s phone. “Your phone. Expensive, email enabled, mp3 player - you’re looking for a flatshare, you wouldn’t waste money on this. It’s a gift then. Scratches - not just one, but many over time. Been in the same pocket as keys and coins. The man in front of me wouldn’t treat his one luxury item like this, so there’s been a previous owner. Next bit’s easy - you know it already.”
We clatter down the stairs and Ms. Hudson comes out of a door that’s at the foot of the stairs. “Sorry, Mrs. Hudson, I’ll skip the cuppa - off out,” I tell her.
“Yes. Yes, I’d love to. But we’ll pack later, I’m not done with you yet.” I lean up to get off the couch, grabbing John's hand and directing him towards the bedroom.
John is putting his coveralls on and he looks at me, realizing that I’m not doing the same. “Aren’t you going to put one on?” He asks me. I don’t answer him, I just give him a look.
“I play the violin when I’m thinking, and sometimes I don’t talk for days on end - would that bother you? Potential flatmates should know the worst about each other.”
“- Harry is short for Harriet.” John finishes. I stop walking. John stops as well to wait up for me.
Sherlock turns on his heel and begins walking out the door as John is staring at him in utter astonishment thinking “
“But I would prefer, for various reasons, that my concern went… unmentioned. We have what you might call, a difficult relationship.” There’s silence as I stare at him stonily, but the silence is broken as my phone beeps again. There’s another text. It says “If inconvenient, come anyway. -SH”.
“Suitcase, yes,” I reply. “She’s been married for at least ten years, but not happily. She’s had a string of lovers, but none of them have known she was married -”
Lestrade starts to give me some details. “Jennifer Wilson, according to her credit cards - we’re running them now for contact details. Hasn’t been here long - some kids found her.” We walk into the most rundown room of the house and in the middle of the room, we see Jennifer Wilson, dressed in all pink, laying face down on the floor, dead. John looks shocked, but I’m eager to start looking at the body. I’m in my element now.
“Hey. Look at me.” I look into his eyes and feel a bit calmer. “It’s going to be okay.” He takes my hand in his and we hold hands until the doctor calls us for our appointment.
Sherlock who is presently knocking on the door says “The landlady, Ms. Hudson, is giving me a special deal. She owes me a favour - a few years ago her husband got himself sentenced to death in Florida and I was able to help out.”
I feel even more humiliated than before. He just left?? “Right… right, yes sorry.” I say, sort of to myself, as I turn to go. I stop as I realize that I have no clue where I am. I turn back around and ask “Um, where am I?”
“Of course, yes. Enough for a lifetime. Far too much.” We stand facing each other for a moment, our faces quite close. I look at his lips in spite of myself. I’m not sure what I’m waiting for but I know something is about to happen. Sherlock looks like he’s considering something.
John and Mike walk into a room in St. Barts to see a man that is tall, lean, and is plainly but neatly dressed working at a microscope. This man is Sherlock Holmes. Without even glancing away from his microscope, Sherlock asks “Mike, can I borrow your phone? No signal on mine.”
“As tempting as that is,” John says, cutting me off. “We have to go. Come on.” He grabs my hand and pulls me off the bed.
This chapter is a re-cap of Sherlock Holmes and John Watson's meeting. It isn't very different from the show. I will be changing more and more details as I get further into the story.
“He’s a friend of mine. Well, I say friend…” He trails off as Ms. Hudson comes bustling into the room.
“Could it be,” He continues, ignoring me. “That you’ve decided to trust Sherlock Holmes, of all people?”
“You said you could identify a software designer by his tie, and an airline pilot by his left thumb.”
“Asphyxiation probably. Passed out, and choked on her own vomit. Can’t smell any alcohol on her - could’ve been a seizure, possibly drugs.”
“Colleague of mine, Dr. Watson. Dr. Watson - Sergeant Sally Donovan. Old friend.” I say, introducing the two.
“Of course that’s what you have to say right now, of all things. I love you so much, you git.” He kisses me on the lips and I eagerly kiss back. “You know, I might have to take you up on your offer from earlier when we get home…”
“Ok, love.” He replies as he slips another finger inside me. After a few minutes, I can’t take it anymore. I need him inside me. Now.
“You really are so impatient.” John laughs and squeezes my arse before lining his cock up with my entrance.
“Shot in the dark - good one though. The power connection. Tiny little scuff marks all round it - he plugs it in every night to recharge, but his hands are shaking. Never see those marks on a sober man’s phone, never see a drunk’s without them.” I toss John’s phone back to him. “There you go, you see? You were right.”
We’ve reached the ultrasound part of the appointment. I’m kind of excited to see our child but I’m also kind of nervous. What if something is wrong? Oh God, something is going to be wrong… I lose myself in my thoughts while the doctor does the ultrasound.
I'm so, so sorry I didn't have this chapter out sooner! Life has been a bit of a rollercoaster recently. My dad has tested positive for COVID so I had to get tested (I'll update y'all when I get my results). I've been crying and having panic attacks too so that's not fun. I'm also trying to deal with my depression. Oh yeah, and do school work lol. So I've got quite a bit on my plate rn. I'll try to get updates out sooner. I'm really enjoying writing this Fic and I hope you're enjoying reading! Please, please, please comment your thoughts and ideas (if you're giving feedback, please be nice) because I'd love to hear from you!
”. I try to put on a sort of affronted look (though I’m not sure if I managed to do that) and I say “Uh, Of course we’ll, uh, be needing two bedrooms.”
“Of course she’s not,” I reply. “She’s from out of town though. Planned to spend a single night in London, before returning home to Cardiff. So far, so obvious.”
“Okay, a bit of advice then. Stay away from that guy.” She pauses while I give her a confused look and ask her why. “You know why he’s here? He’s not paid or anything. He
“Excellent observation, Mr. Holmes.” He gives me one last soft kiss before taking off his clothes, at an agonizingly slow pace in my opinion.
I wanted to get this chapter out earlier, but my power went out for a while so I wasn't able to work on it. That also caused me to fall behind on schoolwork, so I had to finish that first. I'm back in school starting tomorrow so it might be a little bit until I post another chapter, so stay tuned! Please comment your thoughts on the story so far and any ideas/feedback you have, I'd love to hear what you have to say!
! Oh God, Sherlock. You feel amazing. Bloody amazing. Did you know that?” He leans up to kiss me as he pumps even faster into me.
John and I have just walked out of 221B Baker Street and now I’m out in the street yelling for a taxi. John is standing beside me while we wait. John is a very good looking man, whom I found myself attracted to at once. He walks with a cane due to his psychosomatic limp but stands like he forgets about it and he’s a man of the military. I’ve always known that I was gay, but I’ve never really had
The limo pulls into a creepy, abandoned warehouse. The driver opens my door and I get out of the car. I see a man leaning on an umbrella across from a chair.
“She’s German.” We hear from a voice in the doorway. We all turn around to find Anderson standing there. “Rache is German for Revenge. She could be trying to tell us something.”
“Cum for me, love.” He commands and I do just what he asks, my untouched cock releasing all over my chest and stomach. John releases a few seconds later and he pumps into me, riding out the orgasm. John moves to pull out but I move a bit, wanting him to stay.
“Yes,” I reply. “Harry Watson - clearly a family member who’s given you his old phone. Not your father - this is a young man’s gadget. Could be a cousin, but you’re a war hero who can’t find a place to live - unlikely you’ve got an extended family, certainly not one you’re close to. So - brother it is. Now Clara, who’s Clara - three kisses says it’s a romantic attachment, the expense of the phone says wife, not girlfriend. She must have given it to him recently, this model’s only six months old. It’s a marriage in trouble then - six months on he’s just given it away. If she’d left him, he’d probably have kept the phone - people do, sentiment - but no, he wanted rid of it: he left her. He gave the phone to you - that says he wants you to stay in touch. You’re looking for cheap accommodation, but you’re not going to your brother for help - that says you’ve got problems with him. Maybe you liked his wife, maybe you don’t like his drinking -”
“Didn’t look like it.” She replies. She turns back to the officer she was talking to before I came outside.
This chapter takes place at the scene of the crime and it's mainly focusing on Sherlock's deductions.
I am so, so, so sorry that it's been so long since I last updated. I hope this long-ish chapter makes it up to you guys! Life has been a struggle recently. After both my parents tested positive for COVID (my sister and I tested negative), I had to take on all responsibilities of the house while still focusing on my studies. My sister didn't make it very easy on me either (she's a very grumpy preteen lol). So that took a huge toll on my mental health and I wasn't doing too well. I was actually thinking of taking my life a couple of times. I'm a bit better now that my parents are better but my mental health is still struggling. I hope everyone had a wonderful holiday season and let's hope that 2021 is a better ear for everyone! As always, your feedback and ideas are welcomed and appreciated (please be nice, though). Enjoy the update! Sorry for the longgggg paragraph lol.
“Okay.” He pulls off his shirt as I flop on the couch. When he comes back over to the couch, he is over top of me, giving me more kisses.
Once we’re home, John immediately pins me against our door (which is closed to muffle some of our noise) and kisses me with more passion than ever before.
husband was just the same. But you’re more the sitting down type, I can tell. I’ll make you that cuppa, you rest your leg.”
“Mmm… so this is what you have planned for tonight,” I say, knowing what will be happening next. Let's just say, it will be a
- I've been working on a Discord community for my readers! It's almost finished and it will be coming soon. It's going to be a shared community with my bestie, Alex! I'll be posting announcements about what's going on with me, when I'll be posting, and maybe even some sneak peeks of chapters! Stay tuned for the invite!
“Oh, we’re done waiting. Look at her! Really, look! Houston, we have a mistake! Get on to Cardiff, find Jennifer Wilson’s family and friends - find Rachel -”
When I get in, I notice that there’s already a woman sitting in the seat beside mine. She’s a very attractive, young woman and she’s busy typing away on her phone. I’m very confused right now because I thought I was attracted to Sherlock and now I think I might be attracted to her, but I’m not sure of anything anymore. I think I might be bisexual...
“Alright.” John removes the cock ring, unties me, and rubs the marks on my wrists and ankles. He lays down on the bed and pulls me on top of him, making sure to stay inside of me. “How was that?”
“No! I don’t want to go! I hate the doctors!” I call back. He comes and stands in the doorway, looks at me, and sighs.
I lift the police tape and go underneath to the other side. “Always, Sally. I even know you didn’t make it home last night.” I tell her. She just gives me a cold, dead stare. Then she turns her attention towards John.
John is walking (well more like hobbling as he walks with a cane) through the park when he hears his name being called out by a familiar voice:
This chapter is in John's P.O.V. and it's the scene where they meet at 221B Baker Street to look at the flat. I've added John's thoughts in so that going to be the change that I've made in this chapter.
Molly stares at the completely oblivious Sherlock. “...Okay,” she says. She nods shyly at the other two men and leaves the room as Sherlock tosses the phone back to John.
“Piss off.” With that, we both turn to look out our respective windows, laughing and smiling to ourselves.
“Jawnnn…” I moan, knowing that I’m close. From the vibrations from the cock ring and John pumping into me at an extremely fast pace, I knew it wouldn’t take long.
“Coming!” She replies, walking towards the house. “Stay away from Sherlock Holmes.” She repeats, leaving me standing there, staring after her and wondering if what she said could possibly be true.
“The police don’t consult amateurs.” I finish, clearly getting my point across. I go back to typing on my phone, while John stares at me.
“Nope, she never made it to her hotel Look at her hair - colour coordinates her lipstick and her shoes, she’d never have left a hotel with her hair still like -” and then I stopped. “Oh.
“I’ve got my eye on a nice little place in central London and I think together we could afford it. We’ll meet there tomorrow evening at 7 ‘o’clock.” Sherlock informed John as he walked towards the door. “Sorry, I’ve got to dash. I think I’ve left my riding crop in the mortuary.”
My phone beeps again as Anthea comes over to me. “I’m to take you home.” She informs me. I’m not listening to her, instead, I’m looking at my phone screen. Another text that says “Could be dangerous. -SH”. I look from the text to my hand, which is not shaking. Well I’ll be damned…
“Harry and I don't get on, never have. Clara and Harry split up three months ago, they’re getting a divorce. Harry’s a drinker -”
“Let’s go away for the weekend,” John says after a minute, pulling his now limp cock out of me. His cum spills out of me, making a mess of the couch. “Shit. We should have put a towel down.”
“I’ll... I’ll… Oh, I don’t know! Just put me down!” He speeds up again and we reach the bedroom. He drops me onto the bed. “Thank you.”
, there are clear signs - even you lot couldn’t miss them.” I say, lost in my thoughts. I start descending the stairs again.
“What about these suicides, then, Sherlock? I thought that would be right up your street. Three of them, exactly the same…” She stops talking as she sees Sherlock walking over to the window. He’s looking at something.
“Where’s her case? Come on, where is it? Did she eat it? Someone else was here - and they took the case.” I pause for a moment, realizing something. “So the killer must have driven her here - forgot the case was in the car…”
“No problem.” John laughs, which is adorable so I can’t stay mad at him for long. “I’ll be right back, love.” He goes into the bathroom and comes back out a minute later with our box of sex toys and things like that.
Oh my god, can she read minds? Or what else did Sherlock deduce and tell her? I just keep telling myself “
“Back of her right leg. Tiny splashes on the heel and calf, not present on the left. She was dragging a wheeled suitcase behind her, with her right hand - you don’t get that splash pattern any other way. Smallish case, going by the spread. A case that size, woman this clothes-conscious - could only be an overnight bag. So we know she was staying one night. Now, where is it - what have you done with it?”
“Impossible suicides - four of them. No point in sitting at home when there’s finally something fun going on!” Sherlock exclaims, walking over to Ms. Hudson and giving her a hug and a kiss on the cheek.
?? Everyone in the building is shoving past me now to get into the room with the body and I hear Anderson say “Alright everyone - let’s get on with it!”. I feel so lost and humiliated, so I start to limp down the stairs.
I glance at him, a tiny smile growing on my face. I’m about to go into detail about all my deductions. I love this bit. “When I first met you yesterday, I said 'Afghanistan or Iraq?'. You seemed surprised.”
“There’s always something!” I say as we walk toward the police tape that blocks us from the scene of the crime. I see a familiar face standing there as we walk closer. I hear the familiar “Hello Freak.” that Sally Donovan says every time she sees me.
“Dear God, what’s it like in your funny little brains, it must be so boring. Her coat!” All three of us look towards her coat. “It’s slightly damp - she’s been in heavy rain within the last few hours. No rain anywhere in London at that time. Under her coat collar is damp too. She turned it up against the wind! She’s got an umbrella in her left pocket but it’s unused and dry. Not just wind, strong wind - too strong to use her umbrella. We know from her suitcase that she’s staying overnight so she must have come a decent distance. But she can’t have travelled more than two or three hours, cos her coat hasn’t dried. So where has there been heavy rain and strong wind within the radius of that travel time?” I hold up my phone to show both men the screen. “Cardiff.”
“Come on, Sherlock! You have a doctor's appointment! We can’t be late!” John calls from the living room. I’m laying on our bed, refusing to move.
“Dr. Watson,” I say, once again turning towards John. John turns to look at Lestrade, asking permission.
“Bloody fantastic!” I reply, kissing his forehead. We lay there for a minute, not saying anything. I decide to break the silence. “Happy anniversary. I love you.”
Lestrade leaves the room and we hear him tell Anderson to keep everyone out for a few minutes. John crouches down by the body and I do the same on the other side. “Well?” I ask him.
“Show me.” He commands, walking over to me as I put my hand up for him to see. He takes my wrist and twists my hand around slightly - it was not intimate, but sort of like a forensics examination. “Remarkable.” He says, releasing my hand.
When we get inside our flat, John immediately pins me against the wall and is kissing me with so much force and passion.
“I love you so much, Sherlock. So fucking much.” John pants in between kisses, pumping even faster into me. He reaches his hand down and strokes my cock in time with his thrusts.
it. He gets off on it. Weirder the crime, the more he gets off. And you know what? One day just showing up won’t be enough. One day we’ll be standing around a body and Sherlock Holmes will be the one who put it there.”
“Good. I don’t think I would have been able to contain myself if it wasn’t allowed anyway.” He moves down to my hardening cock and licks the head, causing me to moan. He continues to lick at my slit for a minute before taking the whole head in his mouth.
“Sorry, love!” He says as he joins me on the couch again. “I needed to grab the lube.” John slicks up his cock as I eagerly spread my legs open. I want John to do whatever he wants to me tonight.
“Oh, no. I ensured it.” He states just as the door opens and a cheerful, older woman comes out who I presume is Ms. Hudson.
“Perfectly sound analysis, but I was hoping you’d go deeper,” I say as Lestrade walks back into the room.
Sorry lol, I had to. I'm terribly sorry for the hiatus! I've been struggling with a lot recently, including getting dumped by my girlfriend. I'm trying to get back into writing, it's just hard to find the motivation. This is a bit of a short chapter, but some longer ones are coming, I promise. I've also noticed that my writing has some formatting issues, so I will be fixing that soon!
“No, she was leaving an angry note in German - of course she was writing Rachel! No other word it can be. Question is, why did she wait till she was dying to write it…”
“Well thank God you’re above all that,” I say sarcastically as my phone beeps. I pull it out of my jacket pocket and glance at the screen: a text. It says “Baker Street. Come at once if convenient. -SH”.
“Oh yeah?” I reply. “What do you have in mind?” John doesn't answer because the doctor just came back into the room. Thankfully, I don’t think she heard anything.
“In his mind, certainly. If you asked him he’d probably say his arch enemy. He does love to be dramatic...” He replies.
“Sack her, she’s got it the wrong way round. You’re under stress right now, but your hand is perfectly steady. You’re not haunted by the war, Dr. Watson - you miss it.” He snaps his notebook shut and gives me the wintriest smile. “Welcome back.” He turns to leave and starts walking away. “Time to choose a side, Dr. Watson.” He tells me just before he goes out the door.
“I don’t care how you look, you will always be beautiful.” He moves my arms and pulls off my shirt. “God… you’re absolutely fucking gorgeous, Sherlock.” He kneels and kisses my stomach.
Mike begins to introduce John to Sherlock, who has barely glanced at John. “This is an old friend of mine - John Watson.”
“Yeah.” She says, giving me a sympathetic smile before turning back to her phone. I open the car door but I hesitate.
” He actually looks quite cute when he does this. It’s perfectly normal for me to think that without being gay, right? Right. “And I thought it was going to be a boring evening. Serial suicides, and now a note - oh, it’s Christmas!” Now he’s dashing for the door. “Mrs. Hudson, I’ll be late - might need some food.”
“Yup.” He breaks apart from my lips for a moment to look into my eyes. “And Ms. Hudson is at her sister’s for the weekend so we can be as loud as we want.” I was about to reply as John grabs me around the waist without warning and starts to carry me upstairs. I yelp in surprise and start to yell at him.
Good thing Ms. Hudson stays just as smiley and cheerful as always. “Don’t worry there are all sorts around here…” She informed me but she trailed off as she began to look around the room. She turns to Sherlock and says “Oh Sherlock, look at the mess you’ve made.” With that, she heads towards the kitchen, tidying on her way over.
The cab slowed to a halt and we both got out of the cab. There are police and flashing lights from the sirens everywhere. You can hear a siren in the distance. Presently, John and I are walking towards the house of the crime scene.
“Ah, yes.” He laughs but then becomes serious again. “The bravery of the soldier. Bravery is by far the kindest word for stupidity, don’t you think. What is your connection with Sherlock Holmes?”
“You’re so demanding. I might just have to punish you for it.” He takes off the rest of his clothes. “That will have to wait though. I already have a plan in mind.” He goes over to the box that he set on the floor a little while ago. He searches through it for a moment and takes out 3 things: rope, lube, and the vibrating cock ring he bought last month.
First off, I would like to say THANK YOU SO MUCH for reading this Fanfiction and I really hope you enjoy it. This is my first time writing Fanfiction so I'm sorry if it isn't any good (please comment your Constructive Criticism). I'm sorry in advance that it is such a short chapter. I'm trying to pace myself and break each episode up into chunks. I'm hoping to write longer chapters in the future. This work and the ideas that I came up with belong to me (but the characters and original story do not) so please do not copy this story UNLESS I've given you permission to translate it. I'm not sure what my updating schedule will be as my life can get busy sometimes so please be patient with me. Also, I had the idea to do P.O.V.'s (alternating between John and Sherlock every chapter) so please let me know what you think in the comments. I'm not going to change this chapter to a P.O.V. though, because I really like how it turned out. Okay, I'm going to stop talking now and let you read the story (:
John was about to say that he wasn’t the John Watson he knew, but he decided against it. He did not want to get into any of that.
“Sorry!” I laugh along, trying to still myself. Once he has me all tied up he grabs the lube and the cock ring. He opens the bottle of lube, pours some on my hardening cock and slides his hand down it a couple of times. “
I'm pretty proud of myself for finishing another chapter within a day. Hopefully, I can keep this up lol. I hope you enjoy the update and please, please, please, let me know your thoughts in the comments! I love to hear from you guys (:
John waited before following, noting to himself how eerily somber Mycroft’s country estate was when he wasn’t entertaining a multitude of characters. He followed Mycroft into the dining room, seeing that the table had two place settings across from each other.
“We have a few hours before it gets dark.” John felt the hand leave his shoulder which compelled him to turn around to face Sherlock.
The woman reciprocated the expression. “Well, I’m not surprised…he seems awfully forgetful…and…” she looked behind herself before turning to face Sherlock and John, “and a little strange, if you ask me…”
“…hm…interesting…Amati…very expense…” Sherlock said to himself before placing the case on a table off to the side before walking over to the desk in the opposite corner.
James reached out a hand toward his father. “Father, I don’t really think that’s a good idea. Our guests don’t want to see that old house—”
Mr. McArthur laughed heartily before lighting a cigar. “I suppose I should take some time off seeing that we have esteemed guests in our presence.” He winked in Sherlock and John’s direction.
“I have a warrant and Lestrade is at the Yard,” Detective Baynes responded coolly, “I have my orders.”
Moriarty walked up to one of the tables that had been set up for the event. He examined the cutlery before complaining to a servant that they needed to make sure everything was polished before tomorrow evening. Moriarty walked around the space once, inspecting the staff’s work, before retiring to his room for the rest of the night.
“…whatever Schuller went to prison for was the same substance in some vials Mycroft and I found at Carberry’s—the police didn’t even bother to search through the study.”
Sherlock huffed as he continued reading the paper. “Also, it appears that Basil Whitehall is at it again with his fearmongering.” He added before flipping to another section.
Sherlock placed the scrap of paper into his coat pocket before walking to the door. “His clothes suggest as much; this scrap of paper is the address of a dock located at the edge of the city; and the violin case’s interior has unmistakable impressions from a Colt Peterson which is presumably with its owner.”
“It’s not much to deduce that Schuller possibly tested out his original drug on himself before trying to mass manufacture it, which explains why someone would want Carberry murdered.”
Some minutes passed as John tried to reason with what was happening to him, trying to understand why the police thought he had something to do with the murder. As he tried to lose himself in his thoughts, John could hear loud rambling on the other side of the wall.
John looked at the two figures, recognizing that one was Madame Loire, but the other was someone they hadn’t met yet.
“Control your damn dog!” Detective Baynes shouted as Mrs. Hudson brushed past Sherlock to take a hold of Gladstone, “Dr. Watson, please come with us.” He then added as soon as he had some space between himself and Gladstone.
Sherlock smiled weakly as he shook both the guards’ hands. “I wish I could say likewise.” Sherlock responded which managed to drain all the joy the guards expressed at meeting someone they admired.
John turned his head slightly as he took his time regaining his composure, nodding back. His eyes had finally adjusted to the dark, but he could only marginally see Sherlock’s facial expression; Sherlock looked relaxed yet determined. John’s jaw hardened as he looked downward at the ground, telling himself that they were close to figuring out the case and that he needed to remain as calm as possible.
Sherlock barely acknowledged his companion as he continued to marvel at people hustling about in front of them.
Sherlock laughed again as the hansom shook their bodies around a bit from the pebbled paths. “The orchids in the heiress’s garden are Early Purple Orchids which are native to many regions around the world, but
Moriarty sat back in his chair. He leaned into one arm, positioning himself into a pondering expression as he studied the newspaper clippings on his desk.
The door to the room threw open with a loud thud as Detective Baynes entered. John sat up in his chair, shocked by the man’s behavior.
Lestrade sighed as he faced Sherlock more directly who looked less self-satisfied than was typical. Lestrade thought it was strange; he never saw Sherlock less or more emotional than was apt, but something about his demeanor was uncharacteristic. Lestrade could tell that Sherlock was reeling from John being accused of murder, but he never thought the great Sherlock Holmes could be this rattled.
“I’m going to look through my notes until dinner.” Sherlock sprang from the bed toward his traveling archive.
Moriarty posed thoughtfully before waving a hand. “Dr. Schuller, I will get someone on that right away. My apologies for the set up…” He stood up from his chair to walk to the door.
Sherlock walked over to Wiggins and accepted the vials for inspection. “Indeed, they are, Wiggins.” He crouched down to look through the tray Wiggins had found the vials. He turned one over to see a label from a well-known opium den in Whitechapel.
Everyone else around the table, except for Sherlock, John, and Mycroft, looked extremely uncomfortable. William coughed a few times before twirling the stem of his wine glass; Bridget shifted in her chair to look away from Standish; Mamhud glared in his direction; and Fedorov took a huge gulp out of his wine glass before burping loudly.
The door to the back room shook as someone tried to enter. Sherlock grabbed some of the vials from the case before running back to the window that looked out onto the back street. He hoisted himself up and out of the window, leaning up against the wall just as the door to the back room opened.
Sherlock nodded as he tightened his grip around John’s body. “Of course,” he answered softly, “I…would hope you…would have done the same thing for me, Watson…”
John peered ahead to see that Sherlock had disappeared round the corner. He sighed to himself as he hustled along, rounding the corner to see Sherlock knocking on the door to one of the row houses. John hustled along until he met Sherlock at the door. They waited a moment before it opened, revealing an older looking woman.
“There’s no way we’ll be able to go back to our lives! We’re finished.” John cried out as he propelled himself out of the chair to walk to the fireplace.
“What vials?” John interjected, looking back and forth between Sherlock and Mycroft, “what vials, Holmes?”
“Mycroft, I need you to remain serious if you’re going to help me.” Sherlock responded as the hansom whisked them away toward Dr. Carberry’s. Sherlock directed the driver to drop them over about a block away on the opposite side so they could approach the house from behind.
“Well,” perhaps unwilling to embarrass James any further, Sherlock quickly changed the subject, “I think we’ve all had quite the night.”
John’s mouth fell open as he glared at Mr. McArthur for being so callous toward his staff before seeing to Madame Loire who looked to be regaining consciousness.
John squinted his eyes as he watched the pair before looking back at Sherlock. He sighed before walking back toward their luggage.
John took his time sitting down on the edge of the bed; his expression softened as soon as he realized that Sherlock was being sincere.
Sherlock nodded before rising from his chair. He motioned for William to follow him to the exit. “Thank you for the suggestion. Will you send him in please?” He answered disingenuously which seemed to go right over William’s head.
Madame Loire handed Sherlock a tiny plate with a slice of cake before wheeling the tea cart in front of John.
As soon as the hansom carrying Sherlock and John stopped in front of a giant portico attached to an even greater and more giant mansion, they spotted a man wearing work clothes out in front, waving at them.
Moriarty descended from his automobile as he waved to his driver to stay put. He dusted himself off from the journey before walking toward the mansion, but he didn’t approach the main entrance. Instead, he rounded the mansion to access the service entrance which led him downstairs to the cellar where he found a group of men busying themselves. However, the men working in the cellar weren’t the house staff; these men resembled the same rough individuals Moriarty employed to run his drug ring across the city.
“Of course, right away.” Warden James nodded quickly as he turned to type a series of numbers into a keypad next to the door.
“Mr. Holmes.” A smartly dressed woman whose carefully posh English accent gave away years of elocution lessons addressed Sherlock with a curt nod.
“Sir, it looks like the source might have been in the Judge’s library.” An officer marched up to Detective Baynes who was now watching Lestrade walk away from the house.
“It appears that the mysterious smell may have come from these vials, which…” Sherlock showed the vial to John.
John furrowed his brow as he tried to make sense of it, but he wasn’t surprised that Sherlock managed to decipher the symbols. John looked at Sherlock who silently read the pages before reaching out a hand to rub his back. The move prompted Sherlock to stop reading to glance upward slightly at John.
Mycroft wrapped his scarf a few times around his hand before clearing the broken shards of glass left in the window frame to get inside the study. He fumbled around awkwardly, nearing falling over before he managed to get inside.
Sherlock shook his head. “There’s a connection between his Schuller case and whatever Coney knows about your case. We need to find out.”
James audibly grumbled back at his sister but ultimately drove in front of the portico, so Mary didn’t have to walk too far down the driveway. As soon as Mary was in the passenger seat, the engine sputtered as they were whisked out of the cemetery and onto the main street toward their family’s mansion.
too long ago. Upon closer glance to Coney’s desk, I saw two sets of cigar buds left in the ash tray on the desk. One belonging to Coney and the other to his visitor. The one from the visitor is of high quality, which leads me to believe that our mysterious visitor is someone of means.”
Lestrade looked both ways before walking down the hallway to Detective Bayne’s office. He knew that the detective typically arrived later to his office especially when he was out on an assignment as significant as the Carberry case.
“Our man hunt for the doctor and Mr. Holmes should widen to these areas…” Detective Baynes turned around to point to a map of greater London. The map had areas circled where John and Sherlock were known to frequent along with residences of people who had contact with them in the past.
John looked around at his cellmates: one man wearing tattered clothing was sleeping soundly on a cot off in the corner and the other two were loudly arguing with each other before it turned into a mild scuffle.
“I’m not sure,” the woman posed thoughtfully, “but I told him he needed to clean out whatever it was, or he would have to find someplace else to rent.”
Mrs. Hudson let out another cry of disbelief as Sherlock tried to look past Detective Baynes. He then turned to look directly at the detective who stood his ground at the front door to the sitting room.
Lestrade nodded; he was unable to do anything else. Lestrade’s superior patted him on the shoulder before turning around to walk back toward the house. Lestrade watched his superior approach Detective Baynes who was speaking to another officer. Detective Baynes greeted the man before turning slightly to glance back at Lestrade, grinning before turning to face Judge Becket’s house.
“…which is why,” Sherlock continued ignoring the whisperings, “I think your findings are too simplistic, Professor. Especially coming from some with your invaluable knowledge.”
“For god’s sake, Sherlock.” Mycroft grumbled as he glanced inside to see Sherlock rummaging through Dr. Carberry’s desk.
Lestrade could see Sherlock eyeing him out of the corner of his eye. “Holmes, that’s all I can say for now because if I’m right…”
John was interrupted by a loud crash coming from down the hallway. The butler wasted little time as he ran toward the source of the crash with John following closely behind. The butler stopped at a intricate wood paneled door, throwing it open to reveal Saxon and Sherlock wrestling with each other on the floor.
As soon as it appeared that Mr. McArthur was near the end of the ritual, everyone crowded around the window, looking out onto the burial landscape, seeing a shadowy figure emerge from behind a tombstone.
“…the business with the theatre came after whatever happened between Viktor and Standish. Viktor isn’t aware of all of the details…if he ever found out, I’m sure he would have made a scene, but he is no murderer…”
Mr. McArthur nodded as he walked with Sherlock and John back through the front parlor and out into the vestibule in front of the grand staircase.
Detective Baynes stopped to turn around; he looked irritated. “What can I help you with, Inspector?”
“This cemetery isn’t too far away from the chapel where we found the priest’s body…” Sherlock said mostly to himself as he pried opened the gate to let himself and Wiggins in.
John’s jaw hardened as he listened, refusing to let the detective rattle his resolve. He took another step to the side but kept his eyes on Detective Baynes. Detective Baynes followed his movements, circling John like a bird of prey.
“You know who it is, don’t you?” John asked quietly, not entirely sure if he were fearing the worst.
“You win, Sherly. But I hope whatever you’re up to isn’t as hairbrained as your behavior these last couple of days.”
Sherlock walked down the stairs with Mycroft closely behind. They then walked toward another guard who was sitting at a desk. After speaking with the guard, the guard then rose from his chair to lead them to the other end of the corridor past a few cells until they stopped at the last one. There they found John lying down on a cot facing the wall.
Lestrade sighed again as he shook his head. “I’m not completely sure of who’s involved, but I think the leak at the Yard has something to do with the Carberry case.”
Usually, John hated it when his companion studied him as if he were a potential clue or a wayward experiment, but something about Sherlock’s expression this time calmed John; he could tell that his companion was sincere in his intentions, no matter how irresponsible he had been since they found out that Carberry had been murdered.
Henry looked around as if waiting for police officers to file into the factory. “He’s dangerous. You have no idea.”
Sherlock waited a minute or so before the group splintered off into different areas of the ground floor. Sherlock took it as an opportunity to sneak inside. He slid against the interior wall of the side entrance, crouching down low before finding some machinery to hide behind. In between the pieces of machinery, Sherlock had a view of the group. He looked upward at the upper level of the sawmill before training his focus on two of the men who were standing near the table with the explosive.
“Mr. Holmes,” John could hear Detective Baynes, “we just need you and Mrs. Hudson to answer some questions, but that’s all. We’re holding Dr. Watson before transporting him to another facility.”
Sherlock sighed. “Oh, how I wish everything were capable of scandal and intrigue. I don’t think I’ll survive recovering wayward jewelry for the careless.”
Through a series of more complaints, Mycroft had Stanley usher the remaining guests toward the solarium. John and Sherlock were left alone in the dining room.
Sherlock cleared his throat. “Yes, madam. We’re looking for a friend of ours, Henry Hampford. I think I remember him telling us that he lived here.”
Sherlock groaned as he folded the newspaper to read another section. “Conrad Coney. It’s amazing what some people will do for notoriety.”
“According to a reliable source,” Sherlock started in a low whisper with his back pressed up against the brick wall of neighboring building, “Coney usually leaves his office around 1pm for lunch. He usually stays out past an hour, maybe two if he has a lead on a story.”
“Uh,” John started, turning back toward the incensed couple, trying his best to convey his sincerest apologies, “I am so sorry.”
“Better working conditions would be nice, Dr. Moriarty.” Schuller responded in a calm, reassured voice.
“Watson, please. You’re carrying on like a broken phonograph.” Sherlock limped slightly to sit in a chair next to the fireplace.
“Ah!” Sherlock slapped John on the back a little too hard. He thanked the guide for her time before walking briskly out of the house to hail a hansom.
The train employee nodded before ushering John inside. But before either one could enter the car, they heard a shrill voice calling for some help down at the other end of the train.
Lestrade’s glances went back and forth between the smoldering house and Detective Baynes who was directing officers around the premises. Lestrade continued to observe the detective’s mannerisms before he told himself that he needed to keep a low profile.
Moriarty nodded with a coy grin. He was sitting at a small table in one of the nicest restaurants in London. Across from him was Basil Whitehall expressing his sincerest gratitude that Moriarty knew the former only saved for his most generous supporters.
Sherlock sighed as he leaned forward. “I understand why you would want to protest your innocence; however, I must ask everyone involved the same questions.”
Bridget’s face brightened as she seemingly disregarded how grave the situation was. “Ah, Mr. Holmes! Thank you.”
Sherlock had emerged from their bedroom, later than usual for a typical weekday. John was sitting at their breakfast table reading through his medical notes. Sherlock walked over to pet Gladstone, who was sleeping next to the fireplace.
The secretary shook her head. “No, he just left for lunch. Did you just schedule it because I don’t have any meetings in the books for him today.”
my companion here has been most helpful in my exploits.” Sherlock added, still smiling which eventually managed to settle a very annoyed-looking John.
John grinned slightly. He looked away at nothing before returning his gaze onto Sherlock. “You’re being elusive on purpose in order to have the upper hand.”
But before the frightened young man could explain further, Gladstone barked as he broke away from Sherlock, running toward Henry.
John laughed before his expression grew serious. “I’ve always trusted you. You’re the only one I truly can.”
Sherlock waited as the man turned his back, and as his back was in full view, Sherlock noticed something very strange about his attire. The man was wearing a bandolier underneath his uniform that became exposed when he had turned. Sherlock smiled as he slipped the tube of lipstick into the bandolier.
Wiggins shook his head. “That’s no problem, Mr. ‘olmes! You’ve always been so kind to me.” He smiled widely at Sherlock who couldn’t help but smile back.
“Sure, let’s all quell Mary’s fears.” Mr. McArthur responded sarcastically which barely helped the situation.
Saxon turned instantly angry. “Terrorizing? I am an educator, Mr. Holmes! I only meant to get what I was owed.”
A speaker was standing in front of an audience in a large auditorium at the University of London. He was standing behind a dais, pointing to some diagrams he had one of his research fellows draw on a chalk board before the presentation.
They entered the building before ascending the stairs, finding Coney’s office at the far end of a hallway. Sherlock waited before opening the door into a nicely furnished waiting room that led into Coney’s main office space.
Sherlock crossed his legs before beginning. “Could you please tell us about your whereabouts before we found Standish?”
Standish laughed once more before slapping the shoulder of the man sitting next to him. “An admirer! Don’t have many of those nowadays.”
The man nodded slowly, clearly thinking deeply before replying to his sister. “Nothing. It only seems to appear occasionally.” He then turned quickly to walk away from the window.
John smiled back him as he let Sherlock walk ahead before also joining the group to hear James excitedly describe the architecture of the house.
John’s face grew even redder as he turned slightly to face the frustrated looking couple before turning back slowly to face Sherlock who only shrugged.
Sherlock hugged his body up against the exterior of the house as he approached a window looking into the study. He crouched down before straightening up, spotting a figure rummaging around in a desk inside the room. Sherlock fished around in his coat until he found an instrument he usually used to pry open windows and doors. He then carefully unlatched the window, hopping effortlessly through the window to land lightly on his feet.
Sherlock shrugged. “I have informed the police and they’re on their way, yet I wanted to be able to meet personally the man who’s been terrorizing London’s historic cultural landscape for the last few days.”
John frowned at Mary before looking back and forth between her and Sherlock. “What? Mary, Holmes wants to use Gladstone to track down someone who could be potentially dangerous.”
Sherlock nodded, but he had turned his head to look away. John rolled his eyes as he picked up his bag.
“All right, Sherlock,” Mycroft looked back slightly at the hansom to see his brother lingering inside, “let’s see what we can do about Dr. Watson.”
care about helping John. So please,” he then turned to get into Mycroft’s face, “stop playing games and tell me what you know.”
Lestrade stood silently as he watched Sherlock settle in his chair. He intelligently knew what Sherlock was referring to but emotionally he was spent.
After a few seconds, John opened the door to see Mycroft wearing his dinner jacket. The other man was smiling broadly, almost as if he were putting on an act of congeniality, but it felt insincere to John.
John laughed as he rubbed Sherlock’s arm. “I promise I’ll make this up to you, all right? The days will fly by, I promise.”
They caught up with Gladstone who was now sniffing around in the holding area of the factory. Gladstone stopped at a spot before running through an open door and up a set of stairs. Both Sherlock and John followed behind before they came out on top of some walkways that overlooked the furnaces and vats on the first floor of the factory. Sherlock held out a hand to stop John to indicate that he could see a young man standing on one of the walkways holding something.
“Henry must be in that smelting factory.” Sherlock said to John before running after Gladstone who had disappeared into the building.
John let Sherlock into the hansom before sliding in. “Well done, Holmes. But it seems as if the heiress should keep better watch over her children.”
Sherlock hugged his body up against one of the compartments as he watched the figure proceed to the next car. Sherlock looked around the space before finding a maintenance closet that had been left open. He slid inside the very tight space, leaving the door to the closest somewhat ajar so that he could survey the compartments.
“Holmes,” Lestrade handed some papers to the officer before intercepting the trio before they could walk any further, “you shouldn’t be here.”
Mycroft nodded as he pointed down the hallway. “I’m sorry for disturbing your much needed rest, but I was wondering if you would like to join me for dinner this evening?”
“We would appreciate your full cooperation down at the Yard,” Detectives Baynes began coolly, looking back and forth between Mrs. Hudson and Sherlock, “the both of you, please.”
Sherlock stopped suddenly, holding a hand out for John to do the same. They were now standing underneath the covering which allowed for a better view of the individuals seen moving around on the ground floor. As they settled underneath the covering, Sherlock motioned for John to keep quiet as they both strained to see or hear any more detail related to the mysterious figures inside. Inside on the ground floor, several men were standing around while another was sitting at a table, hovering over something the other men were talking about and pointing to.
“…the last time I saw Carberry I was arguing with him about what he was working on…that night I found out that he was testing his experiment on people in Whitechapel…”
“Follow me, Watson.” Sherlock watched for the front post to make sure it was clear before sprinting to the entrance.
Everyone murmured before Mr. McArthur turned toward James with a quizzical expression. “Son? Isn’t that the same sized shoe you wear?”
“Well perhaps they need you on the case.” John responded as he watched Sherlock return to his notes.
Mycroft nodded with a smile as he patted Sherlock on the shoulder before beckoning his brother to follow him down the hallway. They walked past a few armored plated doors until they found the director’s office. Mycroft opened the door for Sherlock, walking behind him as they approached the director’s secretary's desk.
Sherlock turned sharply with a wince to face John. “And leave you in a crumpled pile on the scaffolding of Saint Paul’s? I must be a terrible companion then.”
Not long after, Sherlock and Mycroft were back at Baker Street. Mycroft was sitting in a chair on the opposite side of the room watching Sherlock tinker at his desk in the other corner, remaining completely quiet as he inspected the samples taken from the chapel. Mycroft sighed as he watched his brother work.
“…I didn’t want Viktor to find out about the theatre closing down so I figure it was probably best to convince him that we didn’t know each other in front of everyone else. Standish would have surely said something if he knew that we were in a relationship…”
John let out a heavy sigh; he felt too drained from the morning’s events to even think coherently on protesting his innocence.
Sherlock hesitated before crouching down near the priest as Mycroft rushed to the other side of the room, too disturbed by the scene.
John nodded slowly. He looked behind himself to make sure he wasn’t near an opening. “Okay, then why don’t you explain what you mean, Detective.” He responded coolly.
Sherlock rolled his eyes as he rose from the chair to stand in front of Mycroft and John. “Questioning my methods will only hinder my efforts. Everything is going according to plan, however,” he turned directly to face Mycroft, “Mycroft I need you to tell me about your informant. I need his name, now.”
“Watson, please. I’m too exhausted to…” Sherlock waved a hand around instead of completing his sentence.
you might do…” He glanced around the sitting room, “I think I spotted a corner bakery not too far away from here. I’ll fetch us something to eat for breakfast. How does that sound?”
John rolled his eyes. This entire case had been a nightmare from the start. Sherlock would race forward then slow down to think at the most unsuitable time, which was costing them precious time to respond to the thief’s next move. Other times, Sherlock would refuse to rest, and John knew he would be neglecting his responsibilities as a doctor and a companion if he didn’t get Sherlock’s leg examined.
Lestrade stepped right in front of Sherlock who had walked ahead of the group toward where the prisoners were usually detained before processing.
Everyone murmured to one another before shuffling into the back parlor. John sighed again as he joined Sherlock at the window.
“…but we got those bastards in the end, right son?” Mr. McArthur turned toward James who was standing off by himself in the corner near the fireplace, only nodding back at his father.
Mycroft scrunched up his face at his brother. “Sherlock, I’m telling you the truth. The only thing is…” He paused as he shuffled about, looking worried.
Sherlock nodded once more as he leaned back in the sofa. “The pendant is incriminating indeed, but we’ll find Watson adequate representation. Like I told Lestrade before, Watson was only gone for an hour and his revolver has been untouched.”
“Yes…Lestrade called us in after he had trouble deciphering the poem…” Sherlock added, now huddled on the sofa, smoking his pipe.
“Some words of advice, gentlemen…,” Moriarty placed his pen down before rounding the desk again to stand directly in front of the group, “some advice that only the world’s most connected families have access to, so heed carefully,” he crossed his arms as if about to lecture a group of unruly students, “please don’t make excuses for yourselves, it stifles collegiality.”
Sherlock shrugged. “No, I’ve realized that I’ve done all that I can. I’m not happy about it, but…” he took in a deep breath, “I fear I may do more damage than good at this point.”
Lestrade threw open the door to find a vey rough looking individual waiting for him out in the hallway.
“Watson,” Sherlock began as John found a clean shirt to change into, “I wanted to apologize for not being transparent with you earlier…”
John groaned as his voice lowered. “Why are you on this train, Holmes?” His voice rose slightly, “why was someone shooting at us?” And then John could no longer contain his palpable anger, “And
John groaned at his dearest friend and companion gaining up on him before Mary took a moment to open the door that led out into the hallway.
John groaned, but he let Sherlock hold him for a moment or so as he thought about everything except the case. He refused to answer which caused Sherlock to gently place both his hands on either side of his face, caressing him slowly.
Mycroft let out a painful groan as Sherlock continued. “…someone must have entered the chapel with the animal that attacked the priest…”
Fedorov returned soon after, announcing that the police were on their way. The guests went back to their rooms while Bridget stayed with Clara until the police arrived. Sherlock greeted them at the door.
“Sherly!” Mycroft shouted with delight as soon as John stopped their automobile in front of the mansion.
“Now,” Sherlock rummaged around in his coat pocket for his letter correspondence with their host who had sent him a very detailed instructions about how to get to the McArthur mansion, “we must figure out how to fetch a hansom to Mr. McArthur’s estate, which is on the other side of the city…”
Sherlock shook his head as he reached out a hand to rub John’s leg. “Not entirely. You’re more useful than you think.” He ended with a kind smile.
Sherlock nodded. “Besides Turner…” He repeated as he limped toward their deduction board. Sherlock used his pipe to point to the British Museum.
Sherlock nodded back as he turned to address John. “Watson, please pay Wiggins half of his finder’s fee. He’ll receive the other half once he finds what I need.” He winked at Wiggins who looked delighted.
William sighed. “Who hasn’t? He’s known for coddling corporations for his own benefit. My father had done business with him in the past, but I cut that off immediately after he died. However, in retaliation, Standish invested in some of my company’s competitors. My company suffered tremendously…”
The woman turned to the man; her face was ashen from what they had finally caught with their own eyes.
John hurried after his companion, trying to mimic his composure but stumbled once or twice as he was still getting used to being in disguise so frequently.
“…to watch the frigates scattered around, like birds upon the wing; yet know, they only wait your will—it is a glorious thing…”
Coney groaned to himself; his lead had sent him on a wild goose chase, and he thought it would be best to go back to his office to look through some more source notes before heading back out to lunch. He rounded the corner, grumbling to himself about how unreliable people are and that being the reason why he didn’t trust anyone before he ran into something that nearly knocked him off balance.
Both Mrs. Hudson and Sherlock crowded around a now terrified looking John. “For what?” Mrs. Hudson shrieked.
John nodded again; his jaw was both rigid from determination and irritation. Sherlock nodded once more before kicking the door open to the luggage car. They found three train employees standing over a crate full of various sorts of weaponry.
“Thanks, Mr. ‘olmes!” Wiggins responded gleefully before turning around to sprint out of the sitting room.
“Of course, Detective Baynes. And I’m sure this is a misunderstanding.” Sherlock responded just as coolly as Detective Baynes voice had been, causing the detective to flinch slightly.
“…but please don’t get yourself into trouble, I don’t want the both of us behind bars…” John added quietly.
John turned swiftly to aim his revolver at one of Sherlock’s assailants, shooting the man in the leg. Sherlock jumped up and pinned the other employee to the ground as John went back to guarding the third in the corner.
The man smiled back nervously, twiddling his thumbs on top of his desk before continuing. “I know that you want to work with this particular chemist, but…”
John regained himself as he let Sherlock pull him through the service corridor. “Holmes! What’s happened?”
John’s eyebrows raised as he became increasingly perplexed by whatever Detective Baynes was referring to. The detective picked up on John’s palpable apprehension which made him laugh louder than before.
“Why, Mycroft. You’ve seemed to have grown a conscious!” He called after his brother before disappearing into the hall of the church.
John groaned as he turned over onto his back, reaching out an arm to the side of the bed Sherlock usually slept on, but it was empty. John sat up in the bed yawning as he looked around the room. He slowly took his time getting out of the bed before entering the sitting room, finding Sherlock finishing breakfast.
They chatted a bit longer before the hansom stopped in front of their home on Baker Street. John hopped out of the hansom first and waited for Sherlock before opening the front door to the building.
“He wanted to stay in Paris and study with some famous architect, but I had him come back here and help with the family business.”
John huffed as he reached for the tea Mrs. Hudson had set out for them prior to their arrival. “Holmes, you are absolutely ridiculous. You’re aware of this, correct?”
Mycroft sighed, but before he could contribute, Sherlock sat up somewhat to continue, “…the train incident from earlier this year…” Sherlock sighed again without elaborating further.
“Mr. Holmes! Here is your murderer! Your corrupt deeds have ruined many!” Mamhud shouted as Fedorov grabbed him once more to drag him to an empty corner.
Sherlock shrugged John off. “Watson, if we follow this Henry, we find another connection to the vials which would lead us closer to whomever framed you for murder. I don’t think I need to elaborate more on the importance of this.” He then walked out of the room and down the hallway to get back outside.
Moriarty nodded, but it was clear that Sherlock’s last comment on his work bothered him greatly. Thankfully, one of his research fellows appeared off to the side to indicate that he was almost out of time to finish his lecture. Moriarty returned a curt nod toward the fellow before facing the audience. Sherlock was still standing, appearing to wait for him to add something to the conversation.
The elegantly dressed gentleman shouted something back at the other man before hurrying to the other side of the factory. Sherlock ran through the receiving area of the factory, ducking and hiding behind machinery as he anticipated the man’s movements to the other side of the factory. Sherlock turned to look out through an opening, but his sartorial target remained outside the factory speaking to another group of men.
Lestrade looked back and forth between Sherlock and Mycroft as he finally remembered who Mycroft was along his powerful government connections that could potentially jam up regular procedures at the Yard if prompted. He then reluctantly waved for the officers to let go of Sherlock.
“But…why?” John started, clearly confused, “…why go through such great lengths? Surely you could have used Schuller without having to resort to murder. Why go through so much trouble to have myself and Holmes involved?”
The group grumbled back that they understood before one of the men stepped forward with his hand raised. Moriarty rolled his eyes as he beckoned the man to contribute whatever thought he had.
Sherlock gasped again before he curtly waved John off. “You’re verging a little on the hysterics, Watson,” he pointed to the vestibule’s exit, “let’s give our ‘ghost’ a moment before investigating the carriage house once more.”
Sherlock and Mycroft waited through another pause and some more footstep falls. “I’ll need this area completely closed off. Please do not let anyone in here, understood?”
long? Hm. Time flies, doesn’t it?” He asked mostly to himself, seemingly disregarding the serious nature of the last few hours.
it won’t be any trouble.” He made sure to indicate that the slightest bit of trouble would most likely be squashed by his powerful connections.
“Mr. McArthur, I realize that some secrets need to stay secrets, but this a matter of great importance that requires your cooperation,” he then stepped to the side for Mr. McArthur, “so please, sir. I’m sure your business partners wouldn’t appreciate knowing that a ghost is haunting their most recent acquisition.”
“…despite the man’s nefarious methods,” Mycroft continued, not realizing that he had been left alone, “I do admire his persistence…” he then turned to his side, noticing that Sherlock had disappeared behind the back of the house, “Sherly!” Mycroft managed to cry out in a half whisper.
John mouthed the word “estate”, mentally trying to connect the pieces. “An estate in the countryside…”
The stranger nodded before reaching inside his jacket. The man’s expression turned quizzical before it shifted into a look of absolute and unstrained horror as the stranger produced a revolver from his jacket. The stranger smiled before shooting the man in the middle of his chest. The man clenched his chest as he crumbled to the floor in a pool of his own blood.
“Let’s go now,” Sherlock started as he crossed the room to grab his coat, “we don’t have time to waste.” He added quickly as he exited the sitting room leaving Mycroft and Mary to awkwardly gawk at each other.
Sherlock stopped at the corner of the street. “I keep a file on everyone I know for research purposes. Yours is the most extensive, of course.” He answered as if that wasn’t the strangest thing John had ever heard him say.
John looked to the right to see Sherlock rummaging through a file cabinet in the corner next to Coney’s desk. John walked toward the desk to see that a chair facing it looked peculiar.
John frowned at Sherlock, a little weary of his companion’s sudden shift in tone. “Uh, well…I suppose a nice stroll—”
Madame Loire made a noise before opening her eyes slowly. She looked around the room before looking directly at John who was now holding her hand.
John scrunched up his face as he listened to Detective Baynes who was now holding his revolver out toward him. John was astonished by the detective’s description of an elaborate, yet unnecessary plot; something about the explanation was unsatisfactory.
“Let’s go now. We don’t have time to waste, Watson.” Sherlock responded instead as he proceeded to change his clothes.
John shut the door behind him before shedding his jacket. “Mostly because we’ve managed to get back home in time for dinner.”
Sherlock turned his body to watch John walking toward the staircase that led to the upper level of the sawmill. He then turned his head slightly to get a better view of the activity on the ground floor of the structure. From his position, Sherlock could see the group of men working at the table. He could hear one of the men fusing over the charge of the explosive.
Schuller nodding slowly; he was holding a test tube in one hand and a notepad in the other. Moriarty walked forward, finding a chair to position in front of Schuller. He dusted off the seat before sitting down in a huff from how poorly kept the room Schuller was working in appeared.
“Hans Schuller and Dr. Watson.” Sherlock added without flinching. He looked directly at Warden James.
Both Sherlock and John spun around to see Mycroft standing in the doorway to the kitchen. He was wearing his house clothes and a smoking jacket while also covering his face with a handkerchief.
James sighed. “Because, father, I don’t want to be in the cemetery business. I want to study architecture. You know that, but you refused to listen. I know it was foolish to get wrapped up in this, but you never listen to me.”
“Nonsense!” Mr. McArthur interrupted his son with a cheery tone, “why wouldn’t they want to see it?” he then turned to face Sherlock and John who were quietly taking in the family dynamics.
“What do we do? Father’s friends are visiting this weekend. And he is going to show them this house.”
Lestrade sighed as he looked at Sherlock who appeared despondent before turning to face Mycroft again.
Sherlock held a finger up to his lips to quiet his companion before motioning with his hand for them to wait. They waded through silence that was accompanied by the city noises emanating from the street before a shadowy figure appeared in the window of Coney’s office. The figure disappeared, and not long after, Coney exited the building before walking briskly down the street.
Another man sitting at the end of the table laughed enthusiastically, so much so that it nearly disturbed everyone else.
Coney nodded; by this stage in his career, he had become accustomed to his growing cluster of admirers, which were mostly women.
“Okay then, Dr. Watson,” he leaned forward in the chair to place his elbows on top the table, “why don’t
Schuller turned slightly to place his notepad on the table behind him before taking his time to face Moriarty who was becoming visibly agitated by Schuller’s behavior.
“You may also examine my injury when we get home, Watson. But be gentle, please…” Sherlock huddled up against John who gave him a careful hug.
“Sherlock has not been acting like himself lately,” Mycroft continued, “I noticed it right away the morning they took you Scotland Yard,” he took a bite of his food as he mused on, “I mean this case—and I don’t need to tell you, Doctor—but this case is quite extraordinary to have Sherly so up in a tizzy. He is so much more…tranquil.”
Sherlock sighed again as he folded the newspaper to show Mycroft Conrad Coney’s recent article on the Carberry case.
John and Sherlock found a window that looked into the kitchen. Sherlock jimmied the lock to the window before hopping inside. John followed, landing loudly in the kitchen as Sherlock left the kitchen to enter the servant hallway.
John loved Sherlock dearly, of course, but his companion’s habits were beginning to bear too much lately, so John hardly gave it a second thought after one of his colleagues, a Dr. James Carberry, had asked him to attend a conference in his place. Sherlock was of course annoyed about being apart for so long, but John had reassured him that he would make it up to him somehow. But for now, as John had explained to an indignant Sherlock as he left earlier that morning, they could both use the time to decompress.
“Lady and Gentlemen,” Sherlock began as he straightened up to address the rest of the group behind him, “it appears we have a murderer in our midst.”
Mycroft stopped in front of a room at the end of the hallway. “And finally, you’ll both have the pleasure in meeting Nigel Standish.” Mycroft concluded with the widest grin.
Mycroft laughed. “I happened to stop by Baker Street to call on you for breakfast, but one of the street children informed me that he saw you, Dr. Watson, and your maid escorted out by police officers.”
William rolled his eyes. “I was in my room. Nearly had a heart attack at the sound of those dishes and statue clattering around. I ran out into the hallway before I heard Ms. Coventry shrieking like a ghoul. I also saw Mr. ‘Han ben Mezid’ run out of his room.” He finished, severely mispronouncing Mamhud’s name.
John attempted to readjust his position, but the restrains that kept him chained to the uneven table were making it difficult, essentially fulfilling their purpose.
John stopped pacing as he soon as he heard voices at the far end of the cell corridor. He walked up to the cell bars to see out of the corner of his eye, Sherlock speaking with the guard at the desk.
Sherlock nodded back before holding a hand up. He walked a few steps forward with John closely behind before looking back at John.
“Excuse me!” He shouted as he tried to straighten himself out before noticing that he had ran into a pretty woman wearing a scarf. He gathered himself, mustering up his usual façade that gave him access to anything he typically wanted.
Sherlock crouched down in front of John, placing a hand on his knee. “What was the experiment, Watson?”
“I can’t…” Sherlock started, trying to wipe his face before looking directly at Wiggins, “I can’t pay you right now, so when you get back, I’ll double what I usually owe you.”
The officer reviewed the manifest before looking up at John. “Dr. Watson, you’re on the train’s manifest,” he then turned to face Sherlock, now expressing confusion by Sherlock’s costume.
“This is good, thank you.” Sherlock paid the driver before hopping out of the hansom with Wiggins in tow. They walked up to the gate, looking around for any signs of life.
But before Sherlock could protest leaving the scene, a blood curdling scream pierced through the carriage house. Both men looked at the other before running out of the building to find that the scream was coming from the main house. They rushed back toward the house, running into one of the oval room to find Madame Loire had fainted in the middle of the space. Mary was holding her, waving a delicate fan near her face to give her some air.
“How was your drive? You must be tired, but I know that the Doctor most likely spirited you here in half the time!” Mycroft’s smile had turned into a sneer as he watched Sherlock and John unmount their luggage from their automobile.
Sherlock held up a hand to stop his brother from rambling on. “Mycroft. We have no other choice but to get Watson out of Westgate. Now.” He turned to face Mycroft directly who looked confused.
John squinted his eyes; he was hoping Sherlock would be straight forward with him considering the situation, but something about the way his companion was acting was unnerving. John waited; he knew Sherlock would only elude him more on the subject although such maneuvering was becoming more frustrating as the minutes ticked away with this case.
John nodded as he watched Sherlock rejoin him. “Something about that Fedorov character bothers me, too. Holmes.”
Sherlock grinned as he held out the piece of the HMS Victory. “Dr. Saxon’s only goal was to get this piece of British history. Those paintings he managed to walk off with were only distractions from the very beginning. My companion and I,” Sherlock winked at John before pacing back and forth, “tracked him to Lord Collingwood’s house and soon after it was discovered that Saxon had given the coat he was wearing when he obtained
Sherlock waited before pulling out a folded scrap of paper from his pocket. “I found this in the sitting room. You dropped it earlier this evening, correct?”
Lestrade straightened up as he shoved the burned telegram into his pocket. He rushed out of the room, slowly down to close the door quietly before walking back to his office.
John sat back in his chair, sighing heavily from exhaustion and stress brought on by the entire ordeal that was only further fueled by memories of his argument with Carberry the night the latter died.
As soon as the hansom stopped, Sherlock quickly descended while Mycroft took his time following. He paid the driver before finally getting out, looking around the outside of the church with distain.
He ran up to a woman sitting at a corner café. She was wearing a scarf that covered her head and neck.
John stayed put as he watched Sherlock enter their room. He knew he would have to do more to get Sherlock to open up yet figured the venture would also be a great opportunity to let off some steam with some sort of relief. Also, he had managed to get Sherlock to rest, which was always difficult especially when his companion was deep in a case.
Sherlock handed her the scrap before turning to face everyone else. “Could you all please go to your rooms? Mycroft…” Sherlock looked down at his brother who was still reeling from his bump.
A man slapped Schuller hard on the shoulder to force the latter down into a chair. Down in the dank and damp cellar below the university, the chemist had been pacing wildly as he and two other men waited for orders.
“I didn’t mean to offend you, Ms. Coventry. Only asking to establish everyone’s whereabouts.” He took a moment, “and your maid, Clara, she was with you the
John ran toward the scuffle, grabbing Gladstone by the collar before running down the stairs and out of the factory. As he reached the outside, John could hear the man shouting for help. John put Gladstone down on the ground, quickly scanning the area for any sign of Sherlock, but he panicked again as he hurriedly searched the area; he couldn’t see Sherlock anywhere near the factory.
Sherlock scrunched up his face as he turned sharply to look slightly upwards at his brother. “Mycroft, I am
Instead of responding right away, Sherlock sat up straight on the sofa. He blinked a few times before sighing, slowly swinging his feet out in front of him to rise from the sofa, taking his time before limping to the fireplace to lean against.
“Moriarty.” Another man sitting at the desk waved for Moriarty to sit down in a chair on the other side of the desk.
“Watson, stop making a scene.” Sherlock walked ahead of John, but he nearly toppled over from his leg injury. He then limped dramatically to the entrance, greeting a couple as they exited the house.
John looked over at Sherlock who now had a slight grin on his face. “Why, thank you for that bit of information. Could you please send in Mr. Davenport?”
John gawked at Sherlock, but then his expression changed as he reexamined the evidence. Besides everything else that had transpired, John did think there was something suspicious about someone targeting him especially. John had been considering for a while whether this mysterious person or persons had wanted Sherlock to be involved which would explain a great deal, but the motive wasn’t clear to him. He also didn’t feel comfortable mentioning something to Sherlock which might send his companion down another perilous rabbit hole.
Sherlock hopped down onto the floor quietly, surveying the room before walking into the middle of the space. The room was filled with the usual instruments one would find in such an establishment but something in the corner of the room caught Sherlock’s attention.
"Wait, Sherlock, I don't want to see them yet. I'm not finished talking to you, please." He said raising his head off the pillow and inclining it towards his friend. He hoped they were still friends. He tried to reach for him with his limited mobility but Sherlock made no effort to bridge the distance.
They stayed like that in surprisingly comfortable silence for awhile. He remembered the little girl he'd loved and protected and cared for. He remembered the little boy he used to be.
He took a moment to chide himself over just who was being too analytical, clinical and scientific about this.
He thought he saw a few keen eyes on him and for the first time in months remembered who he was and how people might actually know him. That feeling had been sharp and frightening the first few days of rehab but had dulled to nothingness. First off, there were far bigger 'celebrities' there than him and second, well, those people had become if not quite friends at least acquaintances. There'd been a loose sort of loyalty amongst them as they all began to focus more on their problems and getting/staying clean than who someone was on the outside. Once again, just as he did when he was leaving, he got the feeling that The Location had been safe. Which meant, logic dictated this place was unsafe.
He hadn't really left the doorway and crouching down he lifted the stack of letters and the one package and took them to the sofa.
Ok. Busy. Understandable. He refused to take this personally. He'd asked a straightforward question and gotten a straightforward reply.
He drew his head back, the spray was raining down on them both. The heat of the shower had filled the room with steam but he knew for a fact that wasn’t the reason John’s cheeks were flushed.
"Alright, it's bad. It feels bad, it gets bad. I feel like I'm back there again, my heart starts racing, I can't breathe...it's visceral."
I bridged over him, kissing his lips, pressing my form against his. I wanted to take time to explore this completely new body, all square jaw and muscles and broad shoulders. It was a shame and a pity to tear myself away from his lips but I did so just the same. I planted kisses along his jawline then down the pale column of his throat marking him as he'd done me. He groaned a little, clearly pleased with what I was doing and encouraging me to go on.
"We have to interview the dressage horse groomer and the barrister's secretary, specifically to see if we can get our hands on his travel itinerary."
As that thought occurred to him he looked around for "Mary" his self-proclaimed failsafe. The one who kept appearing because some scrap of him was hanging on to his tattered life. But she was nowhere to be found. Emboldened he upped his stride. If she was gone once and for all that meant he was indeed committed to this idea. That meant that it was the right and proper thing to do. It was what a man would do when he was carrying out his word.
"Come here." John said grabbing him with rough affection and pulling him into a hug. That was what he wanted and needed now. Just a hug. They could kiss and touch and caress later and he had no doubt that they would. But right now he just wanted to get his arms around this man and feel the same in return. Sherlock needed no coaxing to reciprocate and his arms went easily around John's body, encircling him, warming him.
Wordlessly John removed the blankets covering his own body revealing his cock; hard and pressed firmly against his belly.
"You're firing me?" He asked a bit aghast. "No probation, no monitoring? No-" He figured he'd have more time. He figured he could bargain, promise, charm his way out of this. But it wasn't working. None of it was working anymore.
Rosie didn't seem to mind the silence as she was totally engrossed with talking and singing to Bumbly. They watched her, smiling as she gradually and inevitably fell asleep in Sherlock's arms.
Sherlock was already half hard as he set the bottle of lube on the bedside table and slid into bed. John was suddenly salivating just at the thought of having him in his mouth again and once his boyfriend was within striking distance he kissed him lustily.
"Thanks." I replied, thrusting a hand into his hair, wanting to get a grip on those curls, those damned lovely romantic curls. I gave them a tug which he seemed to enjoy. In return he started to suck and kiss my neck, hard enough for me to know it was definitely going to leave a mark.
If you come near me or my daughter, I will hurt you and I will keep on hurting you. And I will enjoy it.
"Right! Well, fuck me, they're keeping us here with a fucking movie myth." James took another drag. "But you're wrong. Spock's not there. He's back on the ship with that bird from
"No...I love him. I love him so much. I'm just worried that this...that who I am is not stable enough to be what he needs."
"I want to go. Human interaction is complicated. The connections between parents and children, it can and often is just as complex as romantic relationships. That said, I often don't like who I am around them. I don't like the things I say and do. It's so difficult to remain clear-headed and focused around their chatter and...machinations."
"You know, we want to integrate her back into your life. You should take her for a day, a night, a weekend." His sister prompted.
I wouldn't. Paper after paper, bullshit column after column in the Sun and the Mail and the Telegraph and I never doubted that everything we'd seen and done was true. Why that part? They weren't listening to the phone they were only watching. So why that? Hmm? Why that extra nail in the coffin? Why that purposeful attempt to hurt me? To devalue everything we'd done together?"
Because of our problems I didn't get to really enjoy the pregnancy and all the anticipation and planning that comes with it. I made sure things were running as smoothly as possible but I detached. There was no happy painting of the baby's room or choosing tiny clothes. It was all very rote. Once we'd mended things we got back into gear before it was too late. We did buy toys and clothes and a car seat and that bouncy thing you hang in doorways so they can...well...bounce."
"Yeah, sure, have a seat," John said motioning to the empty chair across from him. Some people in the commissary paired up or ate in small groups but there were others like him who ate alone. He didn't really like being there it felt exposed, forced. It felt like primary school.The only reason he was there was because they didn't allow people to take their meals to their rooms.
The elder Holmes carried himself with a similar air of confidence as his younger counterpart, thought while Sherlock's confidence seemed cultivated, Mycroft's was inborn. He moved through the world as one largely untouched by the emotional trappings of mere mortals. His only vulnerability was Sherlock. Just beneath the surface of their petulant bickering was the obvious truth that a good deal of Mycroft's machinations, no matter how hamfisted were to protect his little brother. Which also meant that if he was here now, it was likely in some way, at Sherlock's request. Still, seeing him in this context, this normal setting was oddly surreal.
"You must be horny, you've never said those words before." He teased as he took two slick fingers and began rubbing Sherlock's hole. The body atop John instantly grew heavier, relaxing into the sensation while simultaneously urging him forward.
He softened. He softened as much out of sympathy and confusion as out of exhaustion. His body still felt shaky and slightly weak from his earlier bout of illness. He simply didn't have the energy to stay mad at him tonight. He just didn't want to.
"I can tell. You purchase them, take them to a tailor and no doubt say 'I want them so snug that the buttons look like they're screaming as they try and hold on'. I want them so tight that people fear if one pops they'll lose an eye."
"Suddenly, yeah, I'm not exactly eager to be put on display. Paraded about. They have every right to judge me for what I've done and I'm...well I feel as though I'm about to pay the piper."
The paparazzi scuttled aside as cameras clicked and flashed. A crowd had gathered round but all John wanted now was to get into the cab and get home.
All of this sounded familiar but in a foggy, hazy sort of way. He'd heard it but he hadn't been paying attention, not like he should have done.
"You want to protect me." John stated rather than asked. He suddenly felt that wave again, that overwhelming crest of affection for this man. And the delightful thing was, it wasn't new. It was old, just as Sherlock's desire to protect him was old. He'd always been like this.
I stood and watched him go before heading to my own bedroom. I went straight to the loo to de-sticky myself. Once done I opened the medicine cabinet and grabbed a package of condoms. I was was getting condoms for Sherlock Holmes. Condoms for sex with Sherlock Holmes. Sex which was following the mad humping session we'd just had on the floor there.
"Everything, how much he drank, how much he slept and ate. He lied about the work, about how he got a confession from a witness."
But he was undeterred and in fact John saw the determination in his eyes and by this point it was already far too late.
John reached a shaky hand, and yes, he noticed his hand was shaky, behind him to grab hold of the headboard for purchase but Sherlock stopped him.
"My studies took up more time than I had calculated. But worse than that I had to be around people. Other boys my age. It was awful. Back home I had to endure school but I could still manage to hide away a good deal of the time. Not so there. It was awkward and though I didn't want to admit it, lonely. And worst of all, it was boring and there was no time for my cases. I started to falter."
"Let's see, points of interest. Four bedrooms, one Master. Two baths, one family the other private ensuite just off the master. It's been thoroughly redone in recent years so everything is quite modern, new plumbing, electrics, etc. Ground floor, first floor. Private drive, as you could see. There's a terrace you can access in the master. There's also a detached guest house or I suppose it could serve as an office as well. A garage fit for two cars. And an apiary in the garden out back."
"Harry, you know that's not entirely true. You and I had already drifted apart by then. You had moved out, you had your own friends, your own troubles. And I couldn't stay with Dad anymore, I couldn't. I met Duck and my life changed. I felt like for the first time ever someone could hear me and see me. He liked me and wanted me for just who I was. All those years and I never felt close to anyone, I never allowed myself to get close. I'd never felt anything close to what I felt with him for a woman. I would have followed him straight into hell."
is a verb expressing a positive inclination so technically you didn't answer my question instead you changed it midstream. But to answer
"He was still telling the truth. Look, mate, we'll still be friends. Best friends. You are my best and only friend. And I love you. But I can't do this anymore."
"That'll do just fine." I said with a nod as I slipped out of the door. At the last minute, I poked my head back in and whispered. "But I think you're going to like my cock a lot better."
"Yeah, yes, spur of the moment decision. I'd always liked anatomy, done well in maths and science and one day I just said, I'm going to be a doctor."
"It's ok. Don't really want to. At least not tonight." John answered before moaning softly into his boyfriend's mouth.
"Yes, yes he did. He said he had a valve replacement due to an infection. Bacterial endocarditis, if I remember."
"Yeah, actually there is. Can we talk just a little bit later? There are just some things I'd like to say to you. Won't take more than a few minutes."
"If you'll have me, Sherlock. If you're not worried about suffocating in the sharp air and bright light."
Sherlock kissed upward as far as the limitations of the shirt would allow and John let his fingers get lost in his friend's hair. With ease, Sherlock pushed his body upwards so he was face to face with his mate. He studied him for a minute before kissing his lips softly.
"Seriously? You took a look at the state of my marriage and my love life in general and you thought I could be...what? Your romantic sherpa?"
Sherlock entered the room and shut the door behind him. He had his sleeves rolled up but other than that he was unchanged.
He scrubbed the blanket as much as he could but it still reeked of course. He felt horrible at the idea that he'd have to leave it for housekeeping to take care of. If it was a hotel he would have left a substantial and apologetic tip but here he had no money. Instead, he bundled it up in the corner and placed a note on the top that said; "I am so sorry. I fell ill. I tried to scrub it as best I could. Please accept my apologies."
"So, where are we?" He asked looking at the house before them. They appeared to be the only car in the drive. In fact, they appeared to be the only people for quite a stretch. The house sat on a grassy plot of land with no other similar places in sight. "Not another inn, it seems. Did you rent this place?"
"I mean his parents are fucking dreadful. Like, absolutely monstrous and I don't mean that in the way that people find the parents of their significant other monstrous. I truly mean it, they are awful people."
Without saying a word he sidestepped to pass her and started a brisk pace. He didn't look back and she didn't follow him.
"Rosie, Rosie, love, it's alright. Did you have a nightmare? I understand. I'm here, Daddy's here." He said against her ear.
But he didn't and so he went with a smile on his face. He could, after all, pretend to just be Sherlock's friend. They
If there was one hard fought lesson he'd learned it was that there was on occasion a time to draw things out, to prolong that exquisite final moment of pleasure. And other times, it was best to just live in the now and let it happen. Tonight, all he wanted was the latter.
"She must have had a nightmare. Or perhaps it was waking up in an unfamiliar place." Sherlock said softly. "I think she's settling down."
He had promised if things got bad he would vanish. He had given his word which still had a scrap of meaning to it.
There were 15 text messages on his mobile when he awakened the next morning...more like early afternoon. Most from Janine but a few from Sherlock as well.
"Procreation is just an expression of narcissism and a futile revolt against the inevitability of death. In that way, humans aren't very far from the lowest creatures in the animal kingdom. Rutting toward immortality. This practice, of course, doesn’t exactly produce the best progeny.” He paused before continuing. "Honey Bee, is of course different." He said and John chuckled to himself at hearing the endearment come out in such a serious tone.
"There isn't time." She reiterated. "Waiting out some sort of mourning clock out of a misguided idea of respect? Is that what you're doing?"
"So, I'm lost. If Irene Adler is so perceptive and a lesbian and presumably with said perception, clever enough to know that you're gay. Why did she change the text alert on your phone to her moaning."
"I believe you and I think we have proven time and again that we are larger than the sum of our parts and the sum of our actions. I say this not out of benevolence or martyrdom but because I mean it. I forgive you. I forgive you, as is my right and my right alone. All that's left is for you to forgive you."
They kissed, finally, lips and bodies pressed to one another and slowly reality, which had been tilted so unpleasantly, slid back into the upright position again. Still rather excited from what felt to be a successful day John volunteered to cook and filled Sherlock in. His partner was both supportive and attentive all while helping to chop vegetables for their stir fry.
I made sure to do to him everything I had come to love over the course of many blowjobs received. A swirl here, a hard suck there, a lick to the underside, a flick just at the rim of the head. And always a warm, firm hand on the balls.
"It actually wasn't all that difficult." He continued. "A slow, gentle hand, firm when necessary, light pressure, tight circles, a bit of penetration, occasional stimulation of the very real g-spot, the usual bluntness and innuendo in her ear and eureka. Not really sure why straight men find it so difficult. As the final part of my penance to her, I'm to serve as a "wingman", accompany her to a few events and point out viable romantic partners. John? You looked flushed again. Are you alright?"
I don't know how long I lost myself in those thoughts but when I came back to the present he was so much deeper, nearly all the way inside and the pain was gone. In fact, it was just full now, firm and full and rather pleasant.
Eventually, though he had to get in and he did so, putting the key in the ignition and starting to drive before he'd even clicked his seat belt.
"Sherlock, I know that, I do. There will likely be more things to come up in the future but I can't just...I can't just dump them on the table like that. They're old and complicated and half-buried just the way I wanted them. But I'm trying to face them and not to run away or run to the bottle. That's pretty easy in here. Not sure what it'll be like out there though."
And so they continued on, swing after swing, strike after strike until they had decimated Sherlock's death stone to ragged bits of rubble.
There it stood, in a quiet corner all by itself, underneath an old tree whose leaves caught a breeze so nicely on a windy day.
As he lay there in bed later that night with Sherlock spooning behind him tight, tighter than normal, he decided that when he was high enough he could just about believe things were ok.
"Mike put his neck out for you. He talked you up and he said you'd put all that trouble behind you. But it doesn't seem as though that's true. We can't have you seeing patients in this condition, mate. I'm afraid I'm going to have to let you go."
"You haven't!" He said quickly. "You're worried you were being selfish. I assure you, John, I received just as much pleasure from our interactions as you did. I found them stimulating and not just sexually so. I have never shared a bed with anyone, I have never had the desire and I have never felt lonely...until you. I find my room lacking, missing something. I am restless there without you."
He thought he might shout it. He thought it might erupt from his mouth in dramatic fashion. Instead, it fell like an ordinary fact, simple, subdued, true.
Re-establish the bare bones of intimacy and build from there. You'd be surprised at what can be achieved from just lying in bed and holding one another."
"I was. Until I thought about it. And I'm sorry, John, but I'm not your conscience, I'm your tell-tale heart and I won't be here for much longer."
John opened his hand and Reggie placed the small purple coin in his palm. John gazed at it for a moment unable to deny the small surge of pride. The group clapped for him and Reggie leaned in.
Not to mention he didn't know what to say. He didn't want to call him blubbering. A frantic voice in the middle of the night moaning and whinging incoherently. He thought he'd sound incoherent if he tried to open his mouth.
The next day crawled by at slower than a snail's pace. He was distracted, short-tempered and unable to focus throughout all the days various activities.
The instrument connected with a satisfying crunch as a chunk of the granite went flying. John had been expecting a zing up his arms given the force of the hit but the stone came away easily enough. He stood there in the darkened graveyard staring at the jagged top that had replaced the smooth rounded rock.
Not that she seems all that interested in me in any case. Is that what happens, I wonder? When people become parents do they stop being man and wife? Are they just Mum and Dad? And why am I already worrying about it a few weeks in? That's ridiculous of me.
"You also didn't think Sherlock was the romantic type or the relationship type, you've been wrong before. But you're right, we are getting ahead of ourselves especially given the fact that you're still wearing your wedding ring. But we'll get to that later."
"I don't know." John said with a noncommittal shrug. "Want me to get on my computer? Help you sort?"
"Actually, better question. Are you the one that got me booted from the army? Hmm? Are the reason I got graded P8?"
He'd intended to continue going over a stack of files but Sherlock's voice stopped. He bobbled the folder in his hand, nearly sending the sheets of paper cascading to the floor.
"No, you see that's a pause button and he doesn't get a pause button. No, he doesn't, I didn't get a pause. From the second he called me from Barts I didn't get a pause. That reel just kept playing and playing, it never stopped. I didn't get to take a break when I lived it for two years and he doesn't get one hearing it now."
