“Yes, Your Majesty.  I am happy to be of service.” Lestrade replied, bowing his head as the King rose from his desk and approached.
As Sherlock watched John walk away, he found that dancing suddenly lost its appeal, but he turned his attention back to Irene, saying, “Shall we?”
On the face of it, I fall into a routine that resembles my life before Sherlock stumbled into it.  I focus on my work at the shop, putting more effort into increasing profits because I need this venture to survive.  I spend time with my friends so I don’t just wallow in my flat alone.  I visit my therapist and work on new pages for Harry.
Sherlock was not certain he wanted to hear the end of that sentence.  It had never boded well for him in the past.  “Invasive?  Inappropriate?  Bizarre?” he clipped out, bracing himself for whatever adjective John chose to deploy in response to his deduction.
He’s attempting to wipe some of the liquid off his shirt with the side of his hand, which isn’t helping in the slightest.  I cough and say, “While I’m sure you’d love nothing more than to escape this series of unfortunate events, I do live just around the corner if you’d like to get cleaned up.  I feel like I should offer at least that.”
John paid very little attention to what Private Meeks was actually saying, focusing instead on continuing his secondary assessment in case there were other injuries of note. As it turned out, there were none, and Meeks’ story was much as Sherlock had predicted. The injured man, Private Sampson, was prone to becoming excitable when drunk, and in the midst of telling some tale or another, lost his balance and tumbled arse over teakettle over the railing. Sherlock seemed almost disappointed by the fact that it had happened much as he'd said, but it helped clarify John’s picture of the man’s fall and resulting injury.
One unbearably hot and muggy night in July, I can’t sleep, and after thrashing around in my bed, sweaty and annoyed, for hours, I wander back to the sitting room and plop down in my chair to watch some telly.
Sherlock glanced away, his cheeks pinking up even in the dim light. “It was a gamble. I was hoping that by making reference to two high ranking officers, the doorman might be persuaded to let us in.  However, my assumption that a connection to the General would be enough to grant us entry into the Curzon Club was, as you have just witnessed, woefully misguided.”
Apologies for the long time between updates - I was in London last week and took a wee break from writing, but we're back to our regularly scheduled programme, so hopefully it'll be smooth sailing from here until the end.  I hated this chapter at first, and then I loved it.  I hope it is as satisfying to read as it was to write in the end, and worth the wait!  Thank you so much to all of you reading along - your comments and enthusiasm keep me going!
For the last few minutes, John had been focused on tracking the man by sound, and now he heard nothing except the nightly domestic noises of a London neighbourhood.  Nothing behind him either.  It seemed like both the mysterious stranger from the cab and his pursuer had disappeared into the night.
I shake my head.  “You didn’t hear the way he was speaking.  He’s not a fan.  He’s a creep who thinks he’s entitled to be involved in this.”  I gesture between us, not sure what to call our relationship yet.  “I tried to queue up the CCTV but it’d been wiped.  Sherlock, this guy clearly has money and contacts, at least enough to hack into my system.”
With the arrival of this woman, who’s clearly some member of Sherlock’s team, it seems I’ve been forgotten.  I stand in the corner of the sitting room, listening to their conversation.  In my hands is the drinks carrier and paper bag that she foisted upon me when she entered the flat.  Glancing down at them now, I notice that the two cups are labelled -- one with an “S” and the other with a “J”.  Something about seeing our initials together makes my insides feel funny.  Sherlock must have texted her an order, and even through my annoyance, I’m oddly touched.  I bite my lip to try to control my face so it doesn’t show any of the soppy thoughts that flit through my head.
Eventually, Sherlock began asking questions in return, enquiring interestedly about the hospital and its inner workings. John found himself divulging more and more about his work, while Sherlock nodded along. He was attentive and easy to talk to, but there was an intensity about him that frightened John.
A look of sudden misapprehension flickers across his face.  “Would you like to go to dinner?  With me?”
A mobile phone beeps with a notification.  To my right, Sherlock looks up from the newspaper and studies his brother as Mycroft removes his phone from his inner jacket pocket and reads the message.
They led separate lives, but when King George VI passed away in February 1952 and the entire nation mourned the steadfast ruler who had lead them through the war years, their paths drew closer once more. It is clear that Sherlock still finds it difficult to speak of his father’s death, and John picks up their story, effortlessly easing the burden from his partner.
The Curzon Club was located in an imposing Edwardian building, its tidy brick walls and ornately carved door were framed by white Greek Corinthian columns, which drew the eye up to the decorative pediments above.  Up a short flight of stairs, edged with wrought-iron railings, a doorman was unexpectedly positioned behind a podium, lit by the warm orange glow of the streetlamp.  Sherlock had visited any number of imposing buildings, but he still recognised grandeur when he saw it.  Nevertheless, he marched up the stairs with determination, John trailing behind him.
Greg wrinkles his nose in a grimace and retrieves his phone from my grip, sliding it back into his pocket.  “You’re right.  Sorry.”
Laundry.  John should do a load of laundry.  He was getting remarkably short on clean pants and socks.
I twist out the cup marked for Sherlock and set it on the table next to him and deposit the bag of sweet pastries beside it.  Grudgingly, I take sip of the drink for me and nearly groan at the taste.  It’s cappuccino perfection.
“Have you?” This surprised John. Somehow he’d always assumed that dancing would have seemed frivolous to Sherlock, but then he’d listened to him play the violin so beautifully, like it was his only outlet for all those strong emotions that he adamantly refused to admit he had, perhaps it was the same with dancing.
“Aye, no problem, mate,” the tall one replied.  “We needed a solid tenor for our new singing group.  Now that you’re here perhaps we can make a real go of it!”
Lestrade kept his face composed, but Sherlock could see a glint of humour in his eyes as he said, “I have no doubt that you know exactly how to push his buttons, Sir.”
“Call him.  Tell him what’s going on and ask if he’s noticed anything suspicious.  If you can’t get him, let me know and I can ask the guys to investigate.”
Huffing out a laugh, because he’s bloody endearing, I kiss him on his head and push off the chair to head into the kitchen.  In addition to tea, I set about making enough toast for us both to see if I can tempt him into a few bites.  He’ll certainly feel better during the interview this morning if he’s got a bit of food in him.  Right?  That sounds like something my gran would have said.
The crowds had already started to gather, which at least gave the soldiers something to do, answering the same five questions repeatedly and keeping mourners on the pavement to clear the route for the funeral procession. John was surprised by the number of people already out, and the size of the crowd would only grow over the next few hours. In spite of the cold, the people of London and farther afield were turning out to honour their King.
When he says nothing more, my impatience starts to get the best of me.  “What’s going on, Sherlock?  Why are you here?”
Sherlock looked at John, wondering what he could have possibly forgotten.  The two men were glaring at each other, John’s eyes steely.  Slowly, John brought his heels together and raised his right arm in a salute, flicking his hand towards the Colonel and cocking his head in a show of defiance.
“You had every opportunity to look it up while you were out.”  His eyes are hard when he looks at me, chin held high.
After all the ups and downs we’ve experienced already, it feels like there is a lot riding on how I approach Sherlock tonight.  He’s already put himself out there and been rejected (stupid, so stupid), so I feel like I need to do something that will express not only that I have changed my mind and wish to atone for spurning his advances last night, but also that my desire to be with him is genuine and resolute.
She looks a bit startled by my response.  “Hey, I know I can be a horrible cow most of the time, but honestly, John, you’ve been so good for him, and I think he’s been good for you too.  Just wanted to say that in case you needed to hear it -- I know this whole secret relationship thing must be hard sometimes.”
The niggle came back but only mildly and John pushed it aside. “I’m usually better at minding my tongue, but he was a right wanker and with how drunk he already was, he’ll probably forget the entire incident by morning. So to answer your question, no, I’m not terribly distressed.”
Like Saturday, I find myself counting down the minutes until the end of the workday but this time trying to hide my excitement from Anderson.  Thankfully he’s as observant as a spoon.
In typical fashion, this...just sorta happened. I needed a break from my WIP so I decided to pick up this little story again, with no set idea of where it would go. I thought it'd be steamy because of the lyrics of the song Slow Hands. John and Sherlock, however, had a different idea, so it's more sweet and silly because they're idiots in love. Obviously. Hope you enjoy!
Thanks you as ever to @eternaljohnlock and @zigster-ao3 for their help in sorting my writing out! You guys are the best! x
“Nor should you be,” Naga says in an attempt to keep things running smoothly.  “I think it’s important that addiction is discussed openly, so that we can begin to dismantle the stigma and sense of shame that surrounds it.  When people like you step forward to share your journey, it can only help pave the way for others to open up about their stories.”
Back in Year 5, a man named Mr. Gunnard came round to our school once a week to teach my class how to play chess.  He’d set out fifteen boards and we’d pair up around them, equally ignorant at the start and then, week by week, we generally got better and better.  There were a certain few who took to it, devouring books on strategy in the playground and staying behind to ask Mr. Gunnard questions after the lesson was over.  I was not one of those pupils -- I was rubbish at chess, absolutely awful.  Mainly because I was forced to sit quietly and contemplate the board in front of me for endless stretches when I’d rather be in PE or doing free reading.
“Hey, now, it’s not my fault - it’s just some strong whisky.”  Still laughing, John raised the flask again.  “Not much of a drinker, are you?  Was it worse than the lager?”  At Sherlock’s nod, he said, “Go slow.  Take small sips.”
As absurd as that should sound, it also seems just about right.  Is Sherlock my partner now?  We haven’t exactly discussed what labels to use for our relationship, but it seems fair to assume that we are now definitely something more than friends.  A partner, after so many years of being alone, would be an incredibly nice thing to have found.
comes on around one in the morning on ITV, and it is one I genuinely look forward to watching.  The comedians seemed to make any subject matter, no matter how obscure or banal, seem new, entertaining and funny.  For half an hour, I laugh along with them, enjoying the ridiculousness of the bits and admiring the talent of the comedians.
John’s left hand came up to cover Sherlock’s where it rested on his chest, while his right moved slowly to Sherlock’s cheek, as though to give Sherlock time to anticipate or scorn his touch. When John’s fingers made contact with his skin, Sherlock drew a sharp breath and pushed his head more firmly into John’s hand.
With Anderson out of the shop, I have to cover the till so I emerge from the office grudgingly, like a bear woken too early from hibernation.  It’s been quiet today and I hope it stays that way.  While I wait for my lunch to be delivered, I doodle on some scraps of paper, attempting to plan the next section of the comic book.  After ten minutes, I only have a loosely connected series of words and drawings, which will need a lot more work before I can hand it over to Harry, but it’s a start.
John himself was frozen. He couldn't have heard that right, and if he had, then surely Sherlock was attempting the biggest con of the night, because there was no way Sherlock was a member of the royal family. Posh git, yes, but not a bloody prince.
Sherlock looks at me for a long moment, his eyes showing a rapid flickering of emotions.  He nods in thanks and then picks up his plate once more.
Despite the weariness in his bones, and the old ache in his shoulder, he couldn’t fall back asleep. His exhaustion was compounded by the sense of grief that had swept the nation over the last week. The melancholy darkness of the early morning was fitting for the occasion really.
He sensed rather than saw Sherlock grin beside him. “Perfect! Lestrade, listen to the good Captain. We have a new plan.”
Armon glances at me, rolls his eyes and continues to run the lint roller down the sleeve of the jacket.
there.)  He doesn’t look up when I enter the room, too intent on scrolling through his phone, brow furrowed.  I want to reach out and smooth away the little wrinkles that crease his forehead with my thumb.
Turning back to where he had last seen his friend, Sherlock was dismayed to discover that John and Molly had been swept farther away, into a more direct path of the Colonel. Sherlock scrambled towards him, knocking into dancers on both sides and stumbling over an outstretched leg.
The letter made him feel anxious and his hands began to sweat, leaving ugly fingerprints behind on the paper. A letter delivered by a royal messenger surely had something to do with Sherlock.
The paths of Kensington Gardens veering off in different directions are scattered with wet leaves and grey clouds hang in the sky, but even their threat of rain can’t dampen my spirits today.  I feel lighter than I have in a long time, as if opening up to one person has lifted a weight from my shoulders.  It makes me think I should be more truthful with the other people in my life.
I tilt my head back so I can better slot my mouth against his and deepen the kiss, my hands going to the lapels of his suit jacket, envelope still clutched awkwardly in my right hand.  Sherlock makes a soft ‘mmm’ -- I shiver at the sound -- and then again when his hands come to rest on my hips.
The personal struggle of addiction is difficult for anyone, I know -- memories of my father’s long descent into alcoholism stick with me still -- but I imagine it’s even more complicated when you’re a public figure.  It can’t be pleasant for the darker parts of your life to be picked apart by the world.
With that, I am curious to learn more about how this fairy tale romance started. The royal announcement about their ceremony last year only stated that they had been together for over five decades and gave no clues as to how they met or shared any details of their life together. In speaking with them this afternoon, I feel honoured that they have chosen to open up their home and so bravely share their story with me and the world.
This is like watching a tennis match.  I’m surprised that Sherlock is silent -- it seems like he should be continuing the argument I walked in on earlier, but he’s frozen on the sofa next to me, looking unlikely to jump in if this escalates.  In response, I find myself on high alert, like I’m ready to spring into action if Mycroft and Sally descend into a brawl, coffee cup and dressing gown be damned.
Just after one o’clock, I pop out of the shop for lunch, another sad meal deal from Boots.  I really should start packing my lunches instead of being disappointed every day, but that would require me to be far more organised.   It'd be cheaper, too, which is important if things keep going downhill with the shop.  Something for future me to think about; I’m feeling far too happy to worry about it today.
Harry pushes her plate away.  “Glad I was nearly finished eating!  Mols, your stories are always disgusting.”
“Well, today I was up to my elbows in a man who had died from constipation -- yes, that’s a real thing.  It caused a fatal heart arrhythmia and then no one found him for a few days.  It took me ages to get the stink of it off me.  Then I came and tried to make a cake from a new recipe and instead made an inedible mess, so Greg had to run out to the shops to pick up something store bought for dessert.  Tonight we have store-bought Brownies of Despair, as Sherlock called them.”
A waiter emerged from the door on the right, carrying a tray of decorated cakes and sweets to a table laden with food along the opposite wall.  Kitchens, then, Sherlock noted.  It would be possible for him to get out that way.  However, he was unfamiliar with the layout of the lower level of the hotel and the staff might question his presence, especially dressed in his tweeds.  The door on the left stayed stubbornly closed, giving Sherlock no greater insight into what lay beyond it.
“It may sound entirely cliché, but the truth of the matter is that I was a young man experiencing the excesses of the film industry for the first time.  I was, perhaps, not making the most responsible decisions as I started my career, distracted as I was by the various temptations that were suddenly at my fingertips.  I was invited to parties where alcohol and drugs were freely available.  They were there and I was tempted.”
John eased himself into the chair, feeling tentative once more, and shook out the fine linen napkin to place across his lap.
She flapped a hand at them. “Oh, don’t worry about it. I had a bit of a late one myself. Mrs Turner came round for a celebratory glass and to listen to the King’s speech. Did you hear it? Poor old boy, never wanted the job, did he? Got on with it though.” Looking at Sherlock properly, she gasped, “What happened to you, dear?”
With a sigh, Sally marches over to him, clearly not intimidated by his outburst.  “Before it wouldn’t have mattered, but now that John is in the picture, I’d think your response to any questions about your love life should be more delicate, hm, Sherlock?” she says, arching an eyebrow at him.
All too quickly, the soot-covered buildings gave way to green parklands, areas of trimmed grass surrounded by wild hedgerows and ancient trees. They moved inexorably closer to the hospital and he was unable to arrest their momentum through time and space, no matter how much he wished he could. All around them, the birds were chattering wildly to greet the morning sun, but inside the car both Sherlock and John were silent.
Sally stops tapping on the screen of her tablet at looks up at me, as if suddenly remembering that I was there.
John, the Colonel, the two members of the Military Police and all those on the dancefloor in their immediate vicinity, including Molly and Irene, turned to look at him. The Colonel looked him up and down with disgust, but one of the soldiers holding John asked, voice snide, “and who are you?”
Once they were out on the street, the walk back towards Chelsea seemed to pass by in mere seconds. In John’s experience, the things you are dreading always arrive much too quickly. As the Thames drew closer, John couldn’t find any words to say to fill the silence and it seemed like Sherlock was in a similarly pensive mood.
And with that, Sherlock’s off, apparently his connection to Angelo is of enough interest for him to regale me with how they met.  I sip my wine, which is spicy and rich, and watch Sherlock over the rim of the glass.  He’s animated in both expression and gesture.  He’s a fantastic storyteller when he wants to be, and I listen, absolutely fascinated, until our food arrives.
John shook his head. “No, Sir. They listened quite respectfully—” He cut his eyes to Sherlock and Sherlock flushed at the memory of his behaviour in the pub, all the more embarrassing now that John knew he was speaking of his own father. John continued, “—and they liked it very much. I think they were grateful to you for your resolute leadership during the war. It helped a lot of people, Sir.”
Dragging my eyes away from where they linger on his shoulders, I attempt a nonchalant shrug.  “Least I could do, really.  Fancy a cuppa?  If you don’t need to rush away, that is -- or coffee, if you’d prefer?  Well, maybe not, considering. . .” I gesture vaguely at his torso and then frantically scan my kitchen for something else to offer.  “Hobnob?”
She glares at me.  “Oh, fuck off, Johnny.  Stop with this whole woe-is-me thing you’ve got going on.  It’s not cute and it’s not fucking true.  If Sherlock can see what a catch you are, and all of us can, too, then why can’t you?”  She turns to Greg and Molly, “What did you guys tell him?”
“It’s necessary, believe me,” I reply.  The bartender places the drink in front of me and I take a large pull of the whisky, enjoying the smoky burn as it travels down my throat.
comes back at full volume.  My palms are sweaty and my heart has started to race.  I don’t want the night to end.
As John started scrubbing, he drifted into a daze, fingers working by muscle memory and radio adverts buzzing through his subconscious - a new Renault, PG Tips, some film starring Matt Damon.
We stare at each other for a long moment and I find myself lost in the unfathomable grey depths of his eyes.  Sherlock smiles then and his eyes light up and sparkle; the change is remarkable to observe from so close a vantage point.  He kisses me once more and then settles back into the covers again.
With that, the King and the Queen turned and disappeared through the heavy, carved wooden doors behind them, and Mycroft, a sour expression upon his face, followed.
⟪Called Sally to sort out.  Ignore previous message.  Dinner should be here by the time you get home.  SH⟫
different, and it was a curious sensation to be comfortable within someone’s embrace. Vulnerable, that was the word for what Sherlock was feeling. The very idea of vulnerability went against Sherlock’s core being, but with John he craved it.
He panted out a few breaths and looked at John, who seemed strangely out of focus, but he noticed that John’s lips were red and he had a starry-eyed look about him too.
“Ignoring it will make him seem like a machine, and a guilty one at that.  No, he has to comment on it.”
Sherlock’s mouth pulled into a small vee of a suppressed grin.  “Yes, I do think that may be possible.”
Sherlock rose, and striding over to where Major Lestrade stood, grabbed him by the arm and pulled him away from John and the two young soldiers.  John was surprised to see Sherlock put his hands on an officer of the Major’s rank, and to see the Major allow himself to be led away.  John watched them, eyes narrowed, ready to hop up and intervene should whatever it was going on between them escalate.
“This is exactly what I said would happen, which is why we worked so hard to keep it a secret.  The press are merciless and the general public is a mass of inane, gossiping fools with short attention spans.  They are always looking for some scurrilous pulp to chew up before they spit it out and move on to the next.  You are well aware of how things work by now, Sherlock.”
“Apologies, sir,” the doorman said, addressing the men behind them.  “If you would kindly just wait a moment, then this will be all sorted out.”  Turning back, he says to Sherlock and John, lips pursed with displeasure, “Gentlemen, if you are not members of the club, then you must be on this list, and as you are not, then I need permission from the General or the Major in order to permit you entrance.”
A small shock zips through me. Not that my military service is a secret, but it’s just not something I talk about, even with Greg and Mols, and especially not with random customers that wander into my shop. “I, um, I was -- how did you know that?”
They wandered amongst the trees and flowerbeds, Sherlock pointing out interesting specimens, discussing the alterations he would like to make to the layout to better control the soil composition, all the while regaling John with stories of his youth. John would make an occasional comment or ask a question, but mostly he was happy to listen to Sherlock talk.
While I’m sure he intends this to be a positive or at least a neutral statement, it comes across like a bit of an insult.  “Erm. . . right.”
Breathing hard, John cursed under his breath.  Half an hour ago, he was on his way to a warm house and a soft bed, but now he was stranded in a strange area without transportation and a long way from Battersea.  John placed his hands on his knees and tried to regulate his breathing, chest aching, as he began to assess his option for getting home now.  Straightening up once he was no longer gasping for air, John began to move towards a well-lit street in the distance.
I quickly wipe my hands off, just in case it’s the former and my services are actually needed, before looking up to offer a greeting.
“Mycroft!” he yelled, turning swiftly away from the window.  He strode across the room, narrowly avoiding the chairs and side tables that blocked the most direct path to the gallery.  The door was opened swiftly by one of the silent, ever-present footmen as he approached.
“You don’t want me to phone HQ then, sirs?”  The doorman enquired, as though he had not been paying attention to the altercation before him.
John came to a halt in front of him, but instead of holding himself with the soldierly precision he had demonstrated with the Major, John now fidgeted uncomfortably. Sherlock studied him; his hands were balled into fists, thumbs running repetitively over the knuckle of his first finger, and he was looking off into the distance over Sherlock’s right shoulder.
“Good evening, John.”  He stands abruptly and we look at each other for a beat before he extends his hand towards me.
“I am not most people.” This should sound conceited or self-aggrandising, but something about the way he says it makes it come across as a simple fact.
"But I did see him. He still doubts it, even if all these years," Sherlock says with the air of someone repeating an old argument. "And I told John when we met again that I would know him anywhere." John shakes his head and says, "If I didn't know what happened next, then I would think it a tall tale indeed. I still find it hard to believe."
“Oh, are you? I doubt you’ll be saying that after I’ve stepped on your foot for the hundredth time.”
Whilst he had started out describing a generic any-man, he quickly drifted into what could be a description of Mycroft, and Sherlock figured that it was better to have them both on the lookout for his obnoxious brother, who was undoubtedly searching for him, than have his evening curtailed before it had truly begun.
There is a giddiness threatening to bubble up inside me and I find myself wanting to tell passers-by that a bonafide celebrity came round to my flat and I managed, with some effort, not to make a complete fool out of myself in his presence.  (Considering his cheekbones and that voice, I think that’s all anyone would ask of me.)   The words dance on my tongue -- “You, there!  Group of women entering the cafe, do you know of Sherlock Holmes?  Because if you do, then I’m about to make you so jealous!”
After a while, Greg saunters in and gives me a hug.  “Hey, Johnny,” he says in greeting, his tone knowing and playful.  Despite his smile and clear support for my relationship with Sherlock, my stereotypical British embarrassment about this sort of thing kicks in and I feel myself blushing.  It’s like every soppy thought and emotion is clearly displayed on my face -- I might as well have a flashing neon billboard above my head that says:
John stepped back from the car and Sherlock found that he could not watch John walk away. He shifted the car into gear and eased forward down the road. Never before had he experienced the piercing agony of a final goodbye.
, and I will be alerting the police, just in case you get it into your head to come around again sometime.”
There was nothing stopping him from leaving, but the pompous git didn’t deserve to be let off the hook that easily, so with a muttered curse, he pushed open the door to the pub.  A wall of warm air greeted him, smelling of too many bodies packed into a small space.
They were approaching the roundabout where Piccadilly spiralled off into various posh neighbourhoods in which John had never set foot.  The taxi would carry onto Grosvenor Place, then wind its way over Chelsea Bridge before depositing him amongst the identical row houses of Ingelow Road.  At this pace, however, it’d be nearly half an hour before they would arrive at his destination.  John was grateful for the travel allowance he’d been granted by the Army due to his injury.
As if on cue, another young soldier hurdled around the corner from Hyde Park and he skidded to a stop at the sight of John and Sherlock. He looked panicked, shaking slightly and breathing hard. “Is he alive?”
“And I believe that you’ve got fuck-all to do with me and I highly doubt Sherlock wants you getting involved in his life.”
The man narrows his eyes at me.  Like a few puffed up officers I encountered during my Army days, the way the man carries himself implies that he’s used to being obeyed, fury and impatience percolating under a calm, refined surface.  “You don’t seem very afraid.”
“Oh, how boorish of me, please let me introduce ourselves. I am Sherlock Holmes and this is my friend Captain John Watson.”
“Papa. Mummy,” he said, turning slightly to address them both. “This is Captain John Watson, my friend, and he is going to eat breakfast with us.”
“He is too modest.  I’ve since been in five other films and because of them, I was able to keep the restaurant open.  I owe it all to Sherlock, here!”
“That was entirely your fault,” he replies, voice soft and deep, his mouth right next to my ear.  I shiver and press a kiss into the side of his neck, which elicits a delicious noise from Sherlock.
John tapped the soldier on the cheek and leaned down closer to his ear.  “Private, can you hear me?  Come on, lad, wake up.  Private!” The last was shouted directly into the young man’s ear, but there was still no response.  Feeling gently along the man’s neck and then up around his head, John recognised the wet, sticky feeling before he’d even pulled his hands away, red with blood.
Tidying the flat would probably take the entire afternoon, unless Sherlock decided to come home and John could strong-arm him into helping.  (Unlikely.)
The light of the streetlamps faded into darkness beyond the entrance to the lane, and John worried that he’d lose the man entirely if he couldn’t keep up.  His footsteps echoed off the buildings around him, getting muddled with the echoes from the other men involved in this ridiculous chase.  Movement caught his eye to the left and he went barrelling around the corner, breathing hard - it’d been awhile since he’d exerted himself this much.
With that, John’s lips had pressed to Sherlock’s again. It had felt like an eternity since they had last kissed. Sherlock had clasped John’s hand in his own to keep him close, allowing himself to be swept away by the feel of John’s mouth.
“Major Lestrade, thank you for joining us.  You were recommended most highly by General Erskine and I appreciate you putting aside your own celebrations to accompany the Princes Henry and William tonight.” His father’s slow speech still managed to command the room and Sherlock’s brain stuttered to a halt.  Accompany them?
This drew a startled laugh from John. He shook his head and stared hard at his teacup, anywhere but at Sherlock.
I realise I’m smiling at my phone and quickly slip it into my pocket before Anderson notices anything unusual in my behaviour.  I focus on tidying the shop and then, when the clock strikes six, flip the sign to ‘closed’ and lock the door.  As I’m cashing out for the night, my phone buzzes again.
“Well, then.  Perhaps I will browse a bit then.  By the way, the glasses suit you.”  And with that, he strolls away around the corner and into the section of the shop dedicated to Oceania.
Sherlock snorts and strides purposefully towards a gate separating us from the lush gardens within.  Following one firm tug, as if to test the strength of the lock, he steps back and examines the wrought iron fence.  I watch in dismay as he steps up on the brick base of the wall and begins to lift his left leg, seeking out a foothold.
Papa picked up his knife and fork and began to eat his meal, after which the others followed suit. Again, the silence was oppressive.
“For that, you can make some tea,” John declared, gathering a few eggs from the pantry, “I’ll give you step-by-step instructions.”
The man smiles then, reptilian and smug.  “Best of luck with that, Mr. Watson.  I shall be watching.”  With that, he turns and shows himself out of the shop, bell tinkling to mark his departure.
He was more than tempted to change the station to something a respectable 40-year-old doctor would listen to, but he was up to the elbows in bubbles, so he gritted his teeth in anticipation for the song that the DJ was announcing - “And here’s the most requested song of the day, Niall Horan’s Slow Hands!” - a pop song, most likely by some kid young enough to be John’s son.
It’s like a punch to the gut.  No wonder that asshole was smug when he left.  How the fuck did he mess with my CCTV?
He hadn’t eaten since he’d wolfed down a meager dinner in the mess hall earlier, and since he hadn’t planned on being out until all hours, John realised that he was absolutely starving.
He strode purposefully towards the door, pausing to run a hand over his jacket before wrenching it open to begin his rounds.
John had been gazing out the window lost in thought as he watched the streets of London roll by outside, but he startled out of his reverie at the driver’s question.
“Send me screenshots of the texts and block the number.  I’ll send them to some of the guys on duty and ask them to run the number, see what turns up.  And if you get any other weird messages or phone calls or, I don't know, telegrams, you tell me, okay?  Okay, John?”  There’s an edge to his voice that he doesn’t usually have when he’s talking to me.
There were words building up inside Sherlock, desperately bubbling inside his chest for an escape, but they would remain unspoken. This was not the place for impossible confessions or declarations. John had to be on parade, he had a duty to his fellow wounded soldiers, just as Sherlock had his own duties as prince, and it would be unfair of Sherlock to say anything more considering the circumstances.
“Sherlock?” I call out, setting the bag of takeaway on the floor so I can take off my jacket, hanging it next to Sherlock’s coat once again.
The man nodded perfunctorily. “I have a message for you, Sir.” Without further ado, he opened the messenger bag hanging over his shoulder and removed a cream-coloured envelope, stepping forward to hold it out to John.
“It is, but, John, do you know what’s better than thinking about kissing you? Actually kissing you. Can you come back down here now?”
And with that, Sherlock pelted away from him only to kneel down by one of the dark buildings that surrounded them. It took a moment for John to register this new development, but then he snapped into action, quickly striding to where Sherlock was kneeling, and pushed him aside to better assess the young soldier sprawled on the ground, arms and legs thrown out at seemingly impossible angles.
A few minutes later, from the other room, I hear Sherlock shout, “just leave it!” and Sally hedges nearer to me.
“Oh, no.  Shittity-brickity, it’s my sister’s birthday today and we’re meant to be having dinner.”  I have never wanted to celebrate Harry’s birthday less, and then I feel like complete shit for even thinking that.  I’ve always been a crap big brother.
Current stitch in his abdomen and worries over mouthing off to a superior officer aside, John realised he was having fun. Actual, god’s-honest fun. It wasn’t something he experienced much recently and so it was, therefore, all the more startling to recognise its reappearance.  And, if he examined the timing, it coincided with another unexpected arrival in his life in the form of one Sherlock Holmes, who was currently sprinting down the pavement ahead of him, long legs flying.
“Sherlock, wait,” he gasped, pushing himself up but not getting far due to the grip Sherlock had on him. He also had a determined look on his face, like he wasn’t going to let John get away, which made John laugh. “I’m not going anywhere, you nutter. Just let me move this stuff so we’re not defiling the post!”
My lack of enthusiasm doesn’t stop her from blatantly hitting on me every time I come in either.  She even flirts via Anderson, which is even weirder -- I don’t want Anderson to be involved in any part of my love life, especially not playing some sort of Chinese whispers matchmaker.  He’s endlessly disappointed that I don’t take her out, despite my numerous attempts to make it clear to him that I’m not interested.  I think this is mainly because he’d like to date her himself and living vicariously through me is the next best thing.
Sherlock shrugs, as if he’s unaffected, except for the fact that his cheeks are stained pink as well.  “After I was covered in coffee, John felt bad and offered me use of the loo at his flat to get cleaned up.  He was then utterly charming with is hospitality, offering me every refreshment in his kitchen including ‘Hobnobs?’”  He says the last word in a nearly perfect impersonation of me, which sets everyone off again and I’m suddenly reminded of the fact that he’s a brilliant actor.
“He did leave out a few bits of this story.  In truth, it was the Hobnobs that won me over,” Sherlock adds, taking a sip of his wine.
Papa’s lips pursed. Discussions of money were frowned upon, but Sherlock could not see any other way of ensuring John was reimbursed before he had to leave the palace to be on parade.
“Isn’t it? The tea is in the tin just there and the teapot is on the draining board. This seems like a three-scoop night - don’t tell Harry.”
“Although this is about the extent of my dancing ability,” John said, nodding to indicate the slow shuffling they were doing across the kitchen floor.
“Not a morning person, then?”  I ask, because I know my perkiness will annoy him.  I can’t sleep anymore, there’s too much energy thrumming through my body.  After two orgasms and a night spent cuddling Sherlock, this is by far the best morning I’ve had in a damn long time and I plan to enjoy every second.
It felt bloody marvelous. Especially when Sherlock insinuated one of those lean thighs between his legs and bent his knees so that they were of a height. It was like they were puzzle pieces slotting together with a satisfying snap, although in this case it was more of a moan and John wasn’t sure which one of them made the sound. Possibly both.
Sherlock leaned down so his mouth was once again near John’s ear and that sinful voice whispered, “Dance with me, John.”
“Well, you shall just have to convince him,” Sherlock responded, grinning at his brother and signalling to the footman for a cup of tea.
My updates have been completely erratic and I imagine they will continue to be that way.  So...hope you like random surprise updates!
“In that case, we shall take our leave so you can commence your gossiping,” Sherlock says.  Considering our earlier conversation this could have been bitter, but he sounds genuinely entertained.  He rises from his seat, everyone following his lead, and so begins a loud and confused process of saying goodbye, including  too many comments laced with innuendo, nudges and winks for me to handle.  I finally escape Molly’s clingy hug and start towards the front door, ushering Sherlock in front of me.
John: “There are many moments throughout my life where I have felt proud. My achievements in my career, both as a doctor and as a soldier, all brought a sense of pride. But for me, they come secondary to the conscious decision to allow myself to be happy. For a long time, particularly after the war, I didn’t think I deserved to be, or that I ever would be again. I went through my days like an automaton, performing well but never fully present. When Sherlock asked me to stay with him, it was a moment of revelation for me. I gave myself permission to really live.”
I get up from the table and tip the remaining tea in my cup down the drain.  “I won’t be long,” I say, trying to be reassuring, and make to leave the kitchen to retrieve my jacket.
John stepped closer to Sherlock and raised his chin so he could look him in the eye.  “That’s all well and good, Sherlock, and you are free to think whatever you want, but people have struggled and faced tremendous loss over the last five years and they just might find the King’s words comforting, tonight especially.  I know I do, so maybe you can just shut it, yeah?”
With a salute, Captain Ashford departed, closing the door behind him and trapping John in with the ever-growing stack of papers on his desk. The administrative hassle of managing a hospital was his least favourite part of the job. He was rubbish at it, to be honest, and was grateful for the assistance of the secretary that had been assigned to the hospital when the British Army joined the war in Korea. Despite her help, John was still burdened with seemingly endless accounts, patient lists, reports of supply levels and order forms, enquiries from families, and on and on. The sight of all the paper made him yearn for active duty just to escape it.
John stared at him, open-mouthed. He’d always thought that he had game, after all he’d pulled any number of women on nights out at the pub, but John was pretty sure he was being swept off his feet by Sherlock. It was totally unexpected, really. He assumed Sherlock was too uninterested or inexperienced to put in the effort with anyone, but here he was being all openly sexy and romantic, like it came as easily to him as deducing.
Union Jack bunting was strung across Piccadilly in a never-ending zigzag, the flags dancing gaily in the breeze.  London was lit up in a way it hadn’t been since before the war, before the curfews and the blackout restrictions had taken effect and dampened the city’s nightlife.  Along the pavement, people rushed in all directions - soldiers with arms slung about each other’s shoulders, laughing young women with their hair done up in victory rolls, and even some families allowing their children to stay up late for the occasion.  As the taxi rolled along, John wondered what it would be like to be one of them, carefree and part of it all.
Sherlock stopped speaking abruptly when John reached them, his eyes skittering nervously between him and the Major. He looked very young in that moment, which only served to double John’s worry, his senses became more focused in anticipation.
I’m glad I’m not the only one gaping at him following this statement.  I’ve barely got English down, plus a few random phrases in Pashto and Dari from my Army days.  Not nearly the same as the multilingual marvel sitting next to me.  “Amazing!”
“Write what?” he queried, and Sherlock was pleased to note John’s discomfort at the question as he squirmed in his seat.
“Sherlock Holmes.  Well, I’ll be damned.”  Greg shakes Sherlock’s hand as well and then turns back to me.  “Johnny, I thought you were bringing a date, not a celebrity!”
“Go, quickly.  Towards the wall.  Between the poplar tree and the juniper - there’s a shadow that will conceal us.”
Gripping the envelope Harry gave me in one hand and shoving the other in my pocket to stop from fidgeting, I say, “Thank you for coming along tonight -- I hope that was okay.”
with Sherlock.  And in order to ask that of him, I need to make a big gesture, something worthy of him.
I pull him in tighter.  “Sherlock, it’s going to be amazing precisely because you care about it so much.  I can’t wait to see it.  Multiple times.  In the cinema.”  It’s a poor attempt at lightening the mood, but I can sense he needs to be pulled out of this vortex of worry and nerves.  Thankfully, Sherlock huffs out a bit of a laugh and then turns in my arms, his hands settling on my chest, where he proceeds to fiddle with the buttons of my shirt.
Fumbling, I rummage through the drawer in the bedside table for a condom and lube, finally locating them and shifting back next to Sherlock again, nervous with anticipation.  If I’m completely honest, it’s been a damn long time since I’ve done this, long enough that I feel like an inexperienced teenager at the prospect of being the one to give Sherlock what he so desperately needs in this moment.
Sherlock released a brief snort and turned his attention to the cuffs of his shirt, fiddling unnecessarily with the basic cufflinks he had chosen for the evening.
Shoving his hands in the pockets of his overcoat, Sherlock harrumphed and sped up his pace to put a bit of distance between himself and his brother.
If Sherlock were being honest with himself, he was uncertain of what was to happen next, but he was determined not to let that show to John.  “We take it in, John.  It is a celebration, is it not?”
It sounds idyllic.  “I’ve never been to Edinburgh.  Or Scotland, more generally.  Bit ridiculous considering my family name and all.”
Matching Sherlock’s long stride, it felt like a short walk indeed back to Harry’s flat. As they approached the street door, John wondered if Sherlock had ever set foot in a working class neighbourhood, let alone a slightly dilapidated house, now divided into three separate flats.
He sighed.  “Where are you going in this taxicab?” he asked again, very slowly as if John couldn’t understand English.
What did it matter if he felt a bit foolish?  There was no overly observant consulting detective in the flat to catch him out.  John could dance if he wanted. With a chuckle over his Men Without Hats reference, he gave in and allowed himself to go back to bopping along, scrubbing at a particularly stained teacup before rinsing and placing it to the side to dry.
“Oh.”  Sherlock breaths out, looking slightly stunned.  “Thank you.”  He studies it -- it’s a slightly worse-for-the-wear pink rose, nothing special -- and then leans forward to place a kiss on my cheek, his curls tickling my ear.
With a quick glance to his right, Sherlock noted a taxicab approaching and with a burst of speed he hurtled closer to the fence, adjusting the length of his strides so he would catch the jump on his right foot.  Placing his right hand on the rail, Sherlock vaulted his legs over with an easy motion, coattails flapping behind him, and landed gracefully in the street, right in the path  of the taxi.
John felt his annoyance seeping out of him but tried to keep hold of it, even as it slipped through his fingers. “Well, you made a first-class prat out of me,
“Wait!” he hissed, pitching his voice low so it was less likely to carry to their pursuer but loud enough to be heard by the man in front of him.  He received no response, however, so John continued to run through the darkened alleys, chasing a taxi-hijacking loon.  The fact that John was still following him must say something about his own sanity, but here he was nevertheless.
The taxi driver shifted into gear reluctantly, continuing along the roundabout in the heavy traffic.  “I’m pulling over as soon as I can and you’re out of here, pal.”
We rush ahead.  I stumble slightly on a root as we slip behind the tree and into the darkness to be hidden from view.  My right shoulder is pressed firmly against Sherlock’s chest, but I’m afraid to move.  The footsteps on the gravel are nearer and I can hear voices -- two of them, one male and one female.
The question was such an abrupt shift in topic that it only added to John’s sense of having fallen down the rabbit hole. Stupidly, he nodded and said, “That would be lovely.”
Placing his hands beneath his chin, Sherlock closed his eyes and sifted through the information about London that might assist in planning out his adventures.  Trafalgar Square was definitely on his list.  A pub or a club - a place that did not cater to the upper echelons of society.  He let the room fade away, making a mental map of potential routes between destinations.
I cannot believe we're here!!  Thank you so much to everyone who's taken this journey with me.  I honestly didn't know if I'd be able to write a multi-chapter fic - I'd never done it before and it seemed a huge challenge.  I hope you've enjoyed reading this fic as much as I've enjoyed writing it!
“Who are you?”  The inflection implies a question, but it comes out as a command.  I’m used to giving orders as well.
His mind reeled at the possibilities, but there was one thing that called to him like a siren. The city lived and breathed around him and yet he only flitted across the surface, seeing the sparkling halls of the grandest buildings. There was so much more to London that he had yet to learn, and the little glimpse he had tonight of this other London, an underworld beneath the city he usually saw, only made him yearn for more.
He held his arms up in an open hold and Irene slipped into them, her fingers coyly dancing up his shoulder as she did so. Together they began to move. Irene was clearly a decent dancer and he was able to pick up some basic steps by just watching those around them. He had lost sight of John, however, so he spun Irene away from him in an effort to turn them so that he could see the rest of the dancefloor.
Sherlock may be nervous, but John could handle being thrown into this world, of that he was certain.
“I know these last few weeks have been a lot and that everything seems more annoying right now because of it, but tonight is about you and your amazing film and I hope you can enjoy it, Sherlock, I really do because you deserve to be celebrated.”
Mrs Hudson is full of smiles and barely contained excitement herself.  “Hello, John, dear.  Come in, come in!”  She bustles me inside the door like the mother hen she is and I kiss her on the cheek as I pass.  “Premiere day, isn’t it wonderful?”
And, as ever, thanks to my lovely betas @zigster-ao3 and @eternaljohnlock for looking this one over! <3
But it isn’t good timing, for him especially, or for me.  I’m pushing forty and the time for rushing into a fantasy relationship is well behind me.  And a fantasy is surely what dating Sherlock Holmes would be -- how would it work, anyway?  If he doesn’t want to be out, then would I remain a secret?  It’s not like I want my private life made public, but the idea of being kept in the shadows doesn’t sit right with me either.  Would I accompany him to industry events, hanging onto his arm like some kind of WAG?  I can’t imagine that red carpets, screaming fans and hordes of photographers would ever feel like a comfortable situation to be in for me.
Mrs Hudson looked pleased as punch. “Oh, away with you both. Go get that nose sorted out and let an old woman sleep.” She shooed them up the stairs and when they reached Harry’s door, John heard the soft ‘snick’ of Mrs Hudson’s door closing down below.
As he watched the people cheer and dance below, an unexpected, sympathetic surge of adrenaline rushed through him.  He found that he wanted to be amongst them.  A rare desire, certainly, for unlike his brother, he felt more at home in the libraries of the palace than performing his royal duties as prince.  Today, however, he needed to be out there with them where he could measure and catalogue this new, invigorated spirit.  This post-war jubilation undoubtedly was a different energy than that of any ordinary day.
“Thank you, sir,” Meeks said, before opening one of the rear doors and climbing in alongside his friend.
Major Lestrade was obviously charged with keeping an eye on the wild prince, and had bungled the job spectacularly. Although knowing Sher--Prince William (he cringed at the correction) as he did, he was not surprised at Lestrade’s trouble with keeping him in line. John had guessed Sherlock was from some kind of noble family, and he’d also said he was “closer in rank to the King” than John and the plebs in the pub, but in reality, he was third in line for the throne! Fucking hell.
“John,” he says softly behind me, “I realise that I have no right to ask this of you and in all likelihood you will, and probably should, say no, but I would be very grateful for your help.”
I’ve played fast and loose with the actual timeline of the events of V-E Day (much like the film did).  The Royal Family made several appearances on the balcony of Buckingham Palace throughout the day and evening, but I’ve limited it to one for sake of simplicity.  The King’s speech that was broadcast over the radio happened at 6pm, not 10.30pm like I’ve written, but where’s the fun in that?
Looking between them, taking note of their widening eyes and shaking hands, Sherlock twisted his face into a harsh smile and let his words escape in a hiss. “It is rather fortunate then, since I seem to fall well below your standards of royal excellence, that I am only second in line for the throne, is it not?  I am, therefore, able to shirk my duties and be as troublesome and dismissive as I please, for it shall not impact upon your small lives in the slightest.”
“Yes, get out of here because then we can finally talk about you and Sherlock!” Harry says with a devious grin.
Young Prince William, 1944. “I despised that uniform. Everything about my involvement with the Home Guard was ridiculous, but it was important that I was seen to be doing something, even if I did very little in reality. My turning up to lay sandbags isn’t what won the war.”
He wants to read it, I know he does, but he’s restraining himself admirably, not wanting to pressure me.  I find that the idea of showing it to him doesn’t make me as anxious as I thought it might, so I make the offer so he doesn’t combust.  “Do you want to read it?”
The man seemed to consider this.  “What if we make a deal?  The taxi turns around, drops me in Trafalgar Square and then continues on to the destination of your choice.”
John couldn’t believe he was here, but of course he bloody was. He had warred with himself all night over whether or not he should turn up, but in the end he had come because he found it impossible to resist. After his morning rounds, John had informed the hospital that he would be out for the afternoon and returned to his cottage to change into his tan suit, for some reason, feeling it would be strange to turn up in his uniform.
“You go on up.  He’s undoubtedly been expecting you all afternoon.”  She gives me a knowing look and shoos me up the stairs.
Although nothing seemed to have changed between the royal siblings on the surface, John could detect traces of pride and fondness in Sherlock’s tone. Maybe they had reached an understanding in the intervening years, helped along by the passing of their father.
“Good evening, doorman, please let us through,” Sherlock said imperiously, putting years of issuing royal commands to use, and slapped his hand down on the edge of the podium.  Perhaps that had been a bit too aggressive.
A bit of foam trails down the side of the pint glass, I mark it’s progress until it reaches the bar, leaving a wet ring on the wood.  While it would be a simple thing to raise the glass to my lips, beer suddenly seems wholly unappealing.
The newspaper stilled for a moment before being lowered to the table and Mycroft’s raised eyebrows and compressed lips came into view.  “What on Earth could you possibly mean by that?”
tipped forward, pressed together at the temple, close enough to feel like they are breathing the same air. At some point, John had pushed his left hand up into the hair at the back of Sherlock’s head, the soft strands sliding through his fingers as he played with the curls.
Sherlock was so earnest and yet so frustrated at the same time, and John found it all so bloody endearing, God help him. He smiled, a small, secret smile just for Sherlock.
Sherlock sputtered and coughed and managed to keep the liquor down instead of spraying it all over John and the people crowded below them.  How was it possible that people drank this alligator bile and enjoyed it?  John was laughing at him, he could hear it through his coughing, and patting him on the back.
This thought makes me stop walking abruptly on the pavement, a passing businessman grumbling under his breath as he’s forced to swerve around me.  Obviously, with the help of my nosey friends, I realised that I had made a mistake in not letting Sherlock back into my life, but I’m suddenly struck by the intensity of my feelings for him.  There is no question of casually dating him to see what it’s like to be with a celebrity or to have a brief glimpse of the excesses of a life of fame.  No, I want something serious and, well,
In what seems to be a pattern, I’m caught off guard by him and have trouble formulating a response.  I settle on “uh huh”, which is the opposite of how I’d hope to handle this moment.  Not that I truly thought I’d be running into Sherlock Holmes for a second time today.
“See me. You didn’t see me, Sherlock. You never even looked my way. I watched you as you rode through Piccadilly. Hell, I never took my eyes off you, and you didn’t look my way!”
“What do you think you’re doing in my cab!”  The driver was peering into the back of the taxi in the rearview mirror, eyeing the stranger as if to gauge how much much trouble he was going to be.
“Yes, I do.  I’ve watched your entire filmography, remember?  I am the foremost expert on Sherlock Holmes and I know anything that you’ve had a hand in will be truly remarkable.”  Sherlock’s body goes rigid, but he doesn’t say anything so I ask tentatively, “Are you nervous because of the storyline of this film?”
She looks at him, eyes boggling and then stage-whispers to me, “Johnny, why the fuck is Sherlock Holmes at my birthday party?”  This gets a chuckle from everyone, including Sherlock.
Behind him, Sherlock heard John’s uneven footsteps echoing down the alley, and he took a deep breath to calm his racing heart before turning to face John.
At John’s teasing compliments, it was now Sherlock’s turn to blush, but he attempted to divert attention with a smirk. “Mmm, indeed. Waltz, foxtrot, quickstep and an odd few traditional dances as well.”
Heading back through to the kitchen, John assessed the state of Harry’s cupboards. Had he been at the barracks, he would have access to ammonia or hydrogen peroxide, but seeing as this was Harry and she barely had food in her cupboards, he’d have to be a bit more creative in this bloodstain removal. Cornstarch and salt water would take too long, so that really only left white vinegar. John dug around and finally, buried under various foodstuffs, John triumphantly pulled out a small bottle of vinegar.
I proceed to finish off the glass in a succession of gulps and set the glass back on the bar.  Greg and Mike exchange a glance.
After pushing into my flat, I shuck my jacket and hang it up on its peg next to Sherlock's long coat.  I follow my nose into the sitting room, where I find Sherlock lounging on the sofa in studied nonchalance.  He’s wearing jeans and a dark green cashmere jumper.  “New clothes?” I ask, taking in his outfit.
“Yes, starving.  This looks amazing,” I say as I make my way around the Indian takeaway-laden coffee table to join him on the sofa.
“You want to feed the beast.”  The expression on Mycroft’s face is one of extreme disgust and animosity.  “I have always wondered why Sherlock was so adamant about keeping you around -- your decision making is clearly questionable.  But then, maybe that’s what attracts him to you?  You are kindred spirits.”
Sherlock looked at him, mischief in his eyes. “We’ll just have to work on that then. I am an excellent teacher, John.”
When the cake is finished, Harry stands up, cheeks flushed and stumbling slightly.  “As birthday girl, it’s my turn to say a few words.  Even though I’m royally pissed off at getting old, I’ve had a brilliant time with you lot.  Thank you for cooking tha yummy food for my birthday, Molly -- you’re the best.  And I want to thank my brother for shagging Sherlock Holmes because it meant that I won the brownie tonight!”
“Well, weren't you, Mac?  You saw the way he looked at us, like we wasn’t worthy of setting foot in the place.  We won this bloody war, the least they could do was let us celebrate the end of it in style!”
Molly was right.  He’s standing at the counter, four glasses of wine already poured, just holding the bottle in his hands and staring blindly at it.  “Need a hand, mate?”
They are also the reason the King decided to buck precedent and appear in person to give his assent, something normally done in private between the monarch and the government Ministers. King Philip is, after all, Sherlock’s nephew, so the King’s support of this Act was not only a sign of progress in a country that tends to favour the traditions and mythology of a fallen empire, but also a heartwarming act of familial support for his beloved uncles.
As was proper, Papa and Mummy rose and made their way to the table first. Papa sat at the head of the table, with Mummy at his left and Mycroft at his right. Sherlock took his customary seat next to Mummy and before anyone could argue, he turned to the footman who ushered them to the table, “Captain Watson will be here, next to me.”
John fished the key out of his jacket pocket and inserted it into the lock. The hinges creaked loudly as the door opened, which could really use some grease; John made a mental note to fix it at some point. He gestured for Sherlock to precede him up the stairs, but before he could raise his foot to the first step, the door of flat A opened and the tired face of an older woman appeared.
After locating the wine and pouring two glasses, he leans against the counter and just watches as I finish cooking the risotto.  I’m hyper aware of his eyes on me and the attention makes my entire body feel hot.  Somehow, I manage to plate the risotto and salmon and we sit down at the table to eat.
We’d had long conversations with Sally about the possibility of me secretly attending the premiere as well.  While Sally was up for working out complicated schemes in order to sneak me in without being seen, I didn’t particularly fancy skulking about on my own, pretending not to have any connection to the lead actor, and while he didn’t say anything, it was clear that Sherlock was anxious about the idea, too.  It was finally decided to be too risky, regardless of any security measures put in place, so Sherlock would attend on his own and I would be in my flat, a safe distance away.
“Food is important!” I say, repeating my words from last night.  Sherlock’s eyes meet mine and we share the memory, a grin spreading across my face.
Together, they travelled to Australia, Fiji, India, Botswana, Malawi, Canada, and the Bahamas. Outside his deployment during the war, this was the first opportunity that John had to see the world. He says, “It was never something I envisioned for myself when I was young. Growing up in the East End of London, international travel was not a possibility. It was a dream to travel with Sherlock, even though we had to be more cautious than usual during those trips.”
“Yes, this is great, thanks,” John said, pulling some coins out of his pocket and handing them over to the driver.
The woman flips him off and continues to scroll through her phone.  “Comments are a mixed bag -- some people mentioning that rehab was a long time ago and shouldn’t be held against you now; others writing you off for being an addict.”
I draw myself to my full height, what there is of it, and glare a him.  “No.  Just no, Sherlock.  You do not get to use people like this.   Jesus, I can’t believe you.  I want you and your brother out of here.”
On Wednesday, not having seen Sherlock again since our abbreviated breakfast two days earlier, I move through my day at the shop in a state of jittery excitement.  I’m completely useless with even the most minor tasks and I find myself camping out behind the till, chattering incessantly at the various customers who filter in.  Anderson keeps shooting odd looks at me because of my sudden gregariousness, but I can’t exactly explain that my movie star boyfriend has the premiere of his new film tonight, so I try to play it off as nerves for the fake doctor’s appointment that I created earlier in the week so that I could bunk off early to be with Sherlock instead of closing up.  Thankfully, Anderson doesn’t suspect anything and he’s agreed to take on those duties today.  Maybe he’s not such a rubbish employee after all.
What followed was a night of adventure for the pair. They eluded the Major, traipsed around Trafalgar Square and over to Knightsbridge ("We shared our first kiss in an alley off Sloane Street," John interjects. "It doesn't sound very romantic, but it was absolutely perfect."), rescued an injured soldier who had been a touch excessive in their jubilation, and danced at a party at Chelsea Barracks, all the while John believing that Sherlock was just a member of the aristocracy. "He introduced himself as Sherlock Holmes, not as Prince William." "It is my name," Sherlock grumbles into his tea. "It's part of your name, darling," John agrees. Eventually the truth of his identity was revealed and in the morning, John found himself having breakfast with the King and Queen at Buckingham Palace.
by Gary Barlow would be playing over the scenes in this chapter, just to drive home the point, so if you feel like moping along with John, please listen to it here: https://open.spotify.com/track/65qVHPRqkkIHqdkdPg2v5o?si=wtAySjW0Q7-8-Jz_GdazTQ
“Oh, shit!”  It bursts from my mouth before my inherent polite Britishness can kick in.  “Pardon me, I am so sorry!”
Angelo hands me a menu while Sherlock just waves him off and requests his “usual”.  Angelo bows his head in acknowledgement and then asks, “Would you like anything to drink besides the wine?”
Early the next morning, I’m awakened by raised voices coming from the sitting room.  The shift from asleep to full alertness comes quickly, a learned habit from my Army days, and as I take stock of the situation, the hair on the back of my neck stands on end with the realisation that someone else is in my flat, someone with whom Sherlock is arguing.  I can hear Sherlock’s deep baritone, barking harsh but indistinct words, and he’s answered by another male voice, low and hissing.
Sherlock seems to sense the direction of my thoughts.  “You can meet me inside.  The driver can take you to the side entrance instead and you can slip in unnoticed.  I am perfectly capable of doing this on my own.”  His tone is dismissive, but I can see the tension building in his body.  His protective barriers are going up and I absolutely hate that he feels that he has to go it alone.  He’s been on his own for far too long.
Sherlock pulls on his trouser leg and crosses his legs, and I feel like I’m analysing every slight movement and intake of breath, but still his face gives nothing away.
“I imagine that the Watsons are even more of a force to be reckoned with when you combine your talents.”
John looked up from the paper he was studying, listing all the new arrivals to the hospital. They had already taken in over forty additional soldiers this year and a further twelve arrived yesterday, pushing the hospital to near full capacity. With the ongoing fighting in the East, it was almost certain that the Royal Herbert would receive more patients in upcoming weeks and John was trying to figure out how they could all be accomodated.
“Okay. . . That’s it?  Sherlock, someone’s clearly watching you, us!  And they know who I am and my mobile number!”
It was busy tonight, as was to be expected, but it felt too vibrant and loud to John. He stood on his tiptoes, peering over shoulders and between bodies to catch a glimpse of that annoyingly curly mop of dark hair.  He was jostled by a man carrying four full pint glasses back to a table in the corner, who threw a ‘sorry, mate’ over his shoulder with a grin.
Sherlock scrambled for a justification for his question.  “Well, from what I know of you, which admittedly is not much, it seemed an unlikely destination for you, especially if you wanted to escape the celebrations.”
“You could help,” John muttered, looking down at Sherlock as he pushed some beakers farther up the table so they were out of reach. The movement caused John’s groin to drag deliciously along Sherlock’s body.
They continued walking down the pavement while having this ridiculous conversation. It was starting to feel like more and more of a farce. After they crossed the bridge, Battersea Power Station, a black behemoth against the night sky, towered over them on the left. They’d lost their pursuers at some point, but John didn’t want to wait for them to show back up.
He attempted to catch Sherlock's eye and wave him off, but the stubborn git was intent on the Colonel. Sherlock stood tall, posture perfect, and his entire demeanor rang with authority; John nearly gasped at the physical change to his friend.
Trying to restore the peace, I say, “Listen, Sherlock, I know it’s got to be frustrating being stuck here and not being able to just, you know, function as you normally do, but I don’t mind helping you out.  Britannia Spice isn’t far from the shop, so it would have been a simple thing for me to collect it.”
Armon looks momentarily surprised, before he shakes his head and sticks out a hip, “I know I didn’t spend hours finding the perfect look for tonight only to have you flounce outta this flat in that hideous bathrobe.”
Sherlock was silent through the proceedings, until Walters stepped back to unobtrusively hover in case he was needed again, white-gloved hands clasped neatly behind his back.
Gossip was generally boring and easy to ignore, but something about how this pair of old women were critiquing him made his blood boil.  He edged around the floral display slightly, glancing through greenery at the side, allowing him to take in each face and note that he did not know either woman, at least not by sight.  They had not ever been at court, of that Sherlock was quite certain.  What did these decrepit, moth-eaten, fur-covered lesser nobles know about him?
Sherlock glared at him.  “Regardless, you will look entirely out of place next to me.  I demand you change at once.”
I’m not sure if he’s asking me or telling me.  But I state my agreement anyway, “It is.  No one will fault your manners.”
As I’m having my little freakout, Anderson’s returns, sheltering our lunches under his coat.  Now that he’s back, I realise how perfectly timed the man’s visit was.  He was waiting until I was alone to confront me -- no witnesses that way.
“For your decorum earlier this evening, I have commanded that you be taken into custody and your infractions will be dealt with by the Military Police. You are a -”
Sally finally clocks me and she bustles over to where I’m hovering near the doorway between the kitchen and sitting room.  “Hello, lover boy,” she purrs with a smirk, unable to resist an opportunity to take the piss.  “He’s in the shower.  I can distract the others if you want to slip in there with him.”
John’s face was a caricature of surprise and his mouth opened to form an exclamation. From afar, Sherlock heard John’s voice clearly in his head saying, “What?” He struggled against their grip for a moment before subsiding and glaring between them. By the time Sherlock reached his side, he was red with anger. “What is the meaning of this?” John demanded, adopting the voice that Sherlock had come to think of as his ‘Captain Watson’ voice.
I begin ringing up his purchases, which include a historical linguistic book on Polynesian languages, one about colonialism in Papua New Guinea, another about tā moko, the traditional tattooing practices of the Maori, and I’m just about to ring up the Kon Tiki Expedition by Thor Heyerdahl, when Sherlock says “oh, one more” and darts off across the shop again.
John had snatched his hand back and had given an embarrassed sort of chuckle. “I never learned, and somehow I don’t think this is the time for my first lesson.”
Standing inside the foyer, I lean against the door and pull out my phone, swiping it unlocked and frantically opening Messages.  There, at the top of the list, is Sherlock’s name.  I click on it to reveal the message he sent.
He’s stopped walking and turns his body towards me, his eyes dark, and for a moment, a wave of excitement washes over me with the realisation that Sherlock seems as interested in taking this further as I am.
Thankfully the shop opens an hour later today so I have what feels like a leisurely morning at home.  I take a long shower, allowing myself a wank as the warm water flows over my shoulders and down between my legs.  After I’ve dried off and dressed,  I realise that one of my contact lenses has a tear so I put on my glasses instead and make a mental note to order more.  Then I attempt to prepare a proper breakfast of scrambled eggs, bacon, toast and a cafetiere of real coffee, and I eat, not standing over the sink as I prepare to dash out the door, but sitting at the table while reading the news on my tablet.
Sherlock is sitting with perfect posture, his limbs posed in a studied and controlled way.  “Thank you,” he says.  The words sound incredibly forced to my ear, but the presenters don’t draw attention to it.  They’re probably used to handling all sorts of awkward interviews.
He had only ever looked out on it from a chauffeured car, so to be amongst the crowd of revellers was like nothing he had ever experienced.  Sherlock could feel the energy of it thrumming across his skin, lighting up each nerve with a delicious need to see, touch, and taste.
Thank you so much to everyone who's read, left kudos and commented on this fic so far.  It's been so much fun to write and I hope you continue to enjoy it!
Thankfully, lovely Molly steps in to keep the peace.  “Exactly, his date just happens to be a celebrity, right, John?”  She gives me a smile and an encouraging nod.
John’s enthusiastic response made Sherlock feel overwhelmed, curling shyly into his shoulder, needing a moment to sort through all the thoughts and new feelings flying through his mind. Intimacy had never appealed to Sherlock - the majority of people he encountered were exceedingly dull, chronically self-serving, or currying favour with his family, and he preferred to stay as far from them as possible. John was different. (A small voice in Sherlock’s head reminded him that John did not know his true identity, but he shoved it aside.) John
We arrange to meet back at the shop when I close up at six this evening in order to walk over to Greg and Molly’s.  And I manage to not trip over my feet or my words as we finalise the plan.  He hefts the carrier bag containing a veritable hoard of books into his hand and makes his way through the door, throwing a “Until later, John” over his shoulder.  The bell above the door rings mournfully over his departure.
They just stare at me for a few seconds, Greg looking like he’s desperately holding in a cheeky response and Molly waiting patiently for me to continue.  When I don’t, she prompts me again.
Suddenly, the weight on my chest shifts and my eyes snap open and I’m greeted by the butterflies-in-the-tummy and still unbelievable sight of a head of dark curls resting on my chest.  Sherlock is asleep, deep breaths hot on my skin, and I gape at him in wonder.  He’s here and he’s mine.
“Sherlock!” John hissed.  Could the little git just play along or did he want them to get a couple of black eyes?  He grabbed Sherlock under the arms and hoisted him to his feet, pushing him towards the door and placing himself between Sherlock and the angry crowd they’ve attracted.  “Apologies for my friend here.  We’ll just be going.  You folks enjoy the rest of the evening.”
The garden itself hosted a web of manicured paths, curling through beds for flowers and carefully trimmed shrubbery. A few mature trees were planted along the east and west walls so as to allow as much sunshine as possible to reach the plants below. It was clearly well planned and tended.
But clearly Sherlock had had the same thought, for he said, “Please do not mock me, John. I was being sincere.”
The windows of the pub are steamy, the cold exterior at odds with the warmth inside.  It’s busy tonight, all the tables full and small groups of patrons cluster throughout the remaining space.  I spy Greg and Mike at the bar and push my way through to join them.
The young man steps back, started.  “Because someone may ask and it’s best to be prepared, right?”  He glances nervously at Sally before continuing.  “If someone asks why you haven’t brought a date, you should have an answer.”
He’s looking at me expectantly, though, so I feel like I need to answer.  I clear my throat, “Well, it’s, um. . . breathtakingly atrocious in content and style, full of misconceptions about, er, BDSM, and it romanticises abuse.  Apparently.  I haven’t actually read it.”
- Funny story - I was choosing the route of Sherlock and John’s walk at random just using the aerial Google map of Notting Hill and decided they’d jump the fence into the garden from Rosmead Rd. because it was slightly removed from any of the main thoroughfares.  After choosing this spot, I zoomed in and was disappointed to see that there weren’t trees overhanging the gate like there are in the movie but decided to just keep it and claim artistic license.  THEN @zigster-ao3, marvel that she is, digs up a list of filming locations from Notting Hill and it turns out that I randomly chose the EXACT SAME STREET and EXACT SAME GARDEN ENTRANCE that they used in the film.  What are the chances?! They’ve remodeled the gate since the film was made, so it now looks like this:
“Trafalgar Square,” the man ordered.  His voice was imperious and he kept his gaze focused out the window opposite, paying no mind to the driver or John himself.  John stared, words stuck in his throat, as the man folded his long limbs into the seat and arranged his coat with dexterous fingers.
I push my shoes off, curl my left leg under me and pull my plate into my lap, leaning back on the arm of the sofa.  Sherlock glances over at me and I offer him a smile, and he frowns in response.
We made it! Here it is, guys, the final installment of 'we have never seen a greater day than this'! Thank you so much for going on this journey with me and I hope you have enjoyed it as much as I have. It'll be hard to say goodbye to these two!
I hum in acknowledgement, toss my empty coffee cup in a bin along the path, and shove my hands in my pockets to protect them from the chill.  We keep walking and I kick at some leaves stuck to the pavement.  “I showed it to Sherlock this morning,” I say, finally, glancing at Greg out of the corner of my eye.  Part of me worries that he’ll be hurt that I didn’t show him first.  After all, I never speak about my Army days with him, but now I’m showing my story to someone I’ve only known a few months.
Thanks to my beautiful betas: @zigster-ao3, @88thparallel and @eternaljohnlock - you are all amazing! xx
Greg chuckles at that.  “Yes, she is very, um, ‘Harry’, but she also loves you.  I can see her taking it really seriously, despite being the least serious person I’ve ever met.”
Sally has disappeared and Sherlock is now laying on the sofa, eyes closed with his hands pressed together under his chin in what I’ve come to recognise as his ‘thinking pose’.  He’s dressed in black trousers and a grey shirt, but the effect is marred slightly by the tatty dressing gown he’s thrown over the ensemble.
As agreed, I text Sally when I’ve exited Baker Street Station and by the time I’ve walked the short distance to number 221, Sherlock’s landlady, Mrs Hudson, is there to greet me at the door, same as the previous two times I’d been there.  This was a precautionary measure to fool any lurking fans, paparazzi or other members of the press into thinking that I’m a guest of Mrs Hudson instead of Sherlock, thus keeping any potential rumours at bay.  It feels a bit unnecessary, but it’s a small concession to make in order to maintain Sherlock's privacy.
Business is usually slower on rainy days, with the market being less of a draw, resulting in lower foot-traffic outside the shop as well.  Despite the rain, however, a customer ventures in, shaking off her umbrella and leaving it just inside the door, where it drips a puddle of water on the floor.  This only serves to irritate me more, which I know is ridiculous, but I can’t help it.  As I’m glaring at the offending puddle, Anderson shuffles over and mutters, “I’ve got this, boss,” and nods towards the office.
After a few moments, he seems to collect himself and he turns to face me, hitching his right leg up onto the sofa.  “John, there is a question I would like to ask you.”
He stands tall and handsome in his tuxedo, the night sky and lights from the theatre casting a blue glow around him as camera flashes sparkle in the background.  The red carpet is a streak of colour to the right of him, guiding us into the theatre.  For a moment, I’m reminded of a painting I saw once on a rare trip the Tate.  A Chagall, I think.  The colours.  The feeling.
John still looked uncertain, however; his eyes darted around, watching the dancers next to them. The Lindy Hop was clearly a partner dance, which added to the awkwardness of the moment. Sherlock, no matter how much he wanted to, could not dance with John, that much was clear. They would need to find female partners to make this dance lesson possible.
“You’re back,” Sherlock says, appearing in the doorway of the sitting room.  He sounds surprised.  I’ve only been gone an hour.
And a huge thank you to my wonderful betas @zigster-ao3 and @eternaljohnlock - I could not have completed this fic without you both! xx
“Sherlock.  I, um.  I’ve got plans to meet up with Greg and Mike tonight.  You’re welcome to come if you want -- although I see that’s unlikely given the circumstances -- or I can cancel, make plans for another night instead.”
Could he do this? Although he knew in theory that the last few minutes had been leading to this moment, he had no practical experience to fall back on. If he was bold enough to jump, Sherlock was about to kiss someone for the first time in all his nineteen years, and that someone was Captain John Watson. He could do this.
He drew to a stop and rounded on Prince William. “You lied to me all night long, because you’re a prince and you think you can do whatever you like.”
Now, all those feelings he’d thought he had buried were bubbling up to the surface again. That night with Sherlock was one of the happiest of his life, and he would be lying if he said that he hadn’t sought other people and situations that would mimic, even to the slightest degree, that feeling of running through the streets of London with Sherlock. Nothing compared, however, so he contented himself with simpler aspirations, a life shaped by the sharp routines of an army hospital.
As the kettle boils, I retrieve The Guardian from where it’s dropped just inside the front door.  I flip through the pages as I potter about the kitchen, taking in a headline here and there.   I linger over my cup of tea, cradling it in my hands as I read a depressing story of yet another mass shooting in America.  How many more of those are they going to let happen before they actually do something?
After logging into the control window, I locate the tab for CCTV and scan back about fifteen minutes to when the man was in the shop.
“No one’s gonna take away from tonight, we’ve waited too bloody long for it, especially a little gobshite like you.” The man closed in on Sherlock, looming over the table.
No one asks me about my experiences in Afghanistan because I’ve made it clear to those who know me that it is off limits to them, an area of my life where they’re not invited.  Sherlock, however, seems to have invited himself right in and has no qualms in talking about it.  I’d say he was guessing, but he’s not been wrong about any of it, and I’d marvel at his incredible ability to read my life by simply looking at me if I wasn’t so thrown.
John had approached ready to dress the man down and was slightly taken aback by his solicitousness and apparent obliviousness at having caused offense in the first place. “You still haven’t explained,” John said, squaring up with arms folded across his chest now, ignoring the chair in front of him for the moment.
I like it here though. The few friends I have are nearby -- there’s Greg, a copper who often seems just as disenchanted with life as I am, but he tends to hide it better, and Molly, a friend from university, who spends her days in the morgue at St. Bart’s. She is now married to Greg, but let it be known that she was my friend first. There’s Mike, another university friend and a doctor, and the one in our group that is most adept at making sensible decisions. And, of course, my baby sister Harry, whose life seems to be a string of unfortunate decisions but we love her anyway.
I shuffle down the corridor to brush my teeth, change into my pyjamas and climb into bed.  Despite being exhausted, it takes me a long time to fall asleep.  I can’t stop thinking about Sherlock’s admission of addiction and rehab.  While I still wonder at the details of it, I want to respect his privacy and his right to keep them to himself.
John had been focused on Sherlock’s hands, where he held them awkwardly between their bodies, fingers still pressing to the closure. With surety, John had reached out to grasp Sherlock’s right hand and rubbed his fingers over the fine taupe leather. The motion had been mesmerising to Sherlock, and he had tracked the movement across his knuckles in a sort of daze.
- Printworks Coffee is actually the name of a coffeeshop in Edinburgh, not London, but I walk passed it every day on the way to work and just wanted to use the name in the story.
“You’re the youngest in the room, love,” Nicola says, eyebrow arched as if to say ‘watch what you say next!’
I like the shop best like this.  When it’s slow and warm and I can meander through my day in a strange, content bubble.
The camera pans back to reveal Sherlock seated on the sofa, to the right of the presenters.  He looks like a completely different person than the one that had been curled up in my bed last night -- aloof, serious and formidable.  The expression on his face is unreadable.
I click on Messages and it appears I have a text from everyone who knows me.  Apparently the gossip train is chugging ahead at full steam.
I’ve just put Nicola’s coat in the small cupboard and shut the door, when there’s a sharp knock on the door.  I pull it open again to reveal Harry.  She’s wearing a slinky blue dress with a wild fascinator and she lights up as soon as she sees me.
And one final thank you to my amazing betas for their continued support, encouragement and advice in shaping and finishing this story - @zigster-ao3, @eternaljohnlock and @88thparallel you are wonderful and I'm so grateful!
My linguine smells divine and tastes even better -- I haven’t been out for a meal at a restaurant like this in ages and I revel for a moment in the quality of the food, white wine sauce dripping over my taste buds.  Sherlock usual is spinach and ricotta raviol, and it also looks amazing.  He just picks at it, however, as I attempt not to wolf down my meal.  Manners, Watson.
Sherlock took a deep breath, allowing the sweet, warm air to pass through his lungs and ground him in the present. All around him, people were waking to a brand new world, one in which they could grieve their losses, nurse their wounds, and celebrate what still remained.
Papa paused his cutting of the ham on his plate and set down his cutlery, eyes trained on John. “Did you indeed? I presume that everyone was too occupied by their celebrations to take much notice.”
“My carefully crafted speech deserted me in my time of need and what was left was a line from the Peanuts.  Not that I ever expected to be smooth in my attempt to win back someone like Sherlock, but it was incredibly random even for my low expectations.  It was relevant, at least,” I say with a shrug.  “And then. . . and then we kissed.  A lot.  So much that I nearly never got around to cooking, but eventually I did, and after what I’m sure was a delicious dinner -- don’t really remember or care -- we ended up in my bed.  Do you want me to continue or just let your imagination take it from there?”
Sherlock scanned the crowd and it appeared that all women in their vicinity had already been claimed, but he spied two brunette women making their way over from the bar. Before anyone else could swoop in, Sherlock slipped past John with a muttered “wait here” and approached the women, one taller in a green dress with a sleek updo and the other in yellow with her hair curling over her shoulders.
Hobnob.  Big difference.”  This only seems to make things worse and everyone is laughing, while I want to crawl under the sofa.
God, Sherlock’s hands were on his body.  John had seen those hands be precise when calibrating his microscope, dramatic when making deductions, strong when manhandling suspects and gentle when hugging Mrs. Hudson.  But never had he experienced them be intimate and possessive like they were now.  Sherlock’s hands were beautiful, and they were in full control of the current situation.
“Classic. Just classic. All our effort to tempt visitors into reading about Laos or Cambodia or wherever and somehow we’re down £347.”
Sherlock’s eyes crinkle as he smiles up at me.  “You’re hired,” he says with a laugh and then we’re kissing again after so long, and it feels so bloody right, despite the awkwardness of my position,  leaning over Sherlock like I am. I’d suggest moving elsewhere, but his mouth is far too tempting to pull away.  Sherlock’s hands drift from my arms to my ribs down to my waist and the back of my legs and I suddenly find myself unceremoniously pulled onto his lap, knees wedged tightly between his hips and the chair, and I let out an ‘oomph’ of surprise.
It’s hard to see Sherlock so upset.  I know he guards his privacy fiercely, but the pressure of this premiere seems particularly difficult for him.  He’s pacing near me so I reach out to try to soothe him.  “Hey, hey, it’s okay.  Maybe no one will ask, but if they do, I think it’s better to know how you want to respond.”
“Eight hours and 19 minutes,” he declares, just a touch smug.   His lips curl up into a smile as he gazes down at me.  “Hello.”
Since he finished first, John got up and plucked two teacups from the draining board, again mismatched, and set them on the table.
After we finish eating, Sherlock, who seems to be on his best behaviour, takes our plates to the sink and begins to do the washing up.  Leaving him to it, I take my coffee cup into the sitting room and sit on the couch to fret about what comes next.
Sherlock stood before the mirror in his chambers, scrutinising his appearance as his valet made final adjustments to his tie and sleeves.
“I am idiot, admittedly, and while this is usually a constant state of being for me, I did have a moment of clarity when I realised that I had made a terrible mistake turning you down last night because you, Sherlock Holmes, are a bloody marvel and I want nothing more than to kiss you again.  If the offer still stands, that is.”
At the bottom of the staircase that John had climbed just an hour earlier, there was a set of  stained-glass French doors leading out to a walled garden south of the palace. As they stepped outside, the sunshine greeted them, warming the sheltered space to such a degree that one might think summer had arrived indeed.
I pause in my reading, mark my place, and wiggle my toes where they’re wedged under Sherlock’s thigh (who is still only covered in the bedsheet -- Sally seems used to this behaviour, but to me it’s just distracting), which prompts him to shift the papers in his hands and grasp my ankle lightly, all while continuing to dictate a revision to Sally about one of the documents.
I stop in the doorway, reluctant to enter fully.  The comic book is resting on Sherlock's lap and he's reclining against the headboard, eyes closed with hands steepled below his chin.  I lean my shoulder against the doorframe and watch him for a second, enjoying the opportunity to observe a Sherlock at rest, all long lines and smooth skin.
With a laugh, I brace myself on the arms of the chair and look into his face, his absolutely, stunningly gorgeous face that I’ve missed so goddamn much.  “You deserve to be kissed every day, and I’d very much like to put myself forward for the job.”
Papa, eminently capable of smoothing over any awkward social interactions in a way that Sherlock was not, moved the conversation on quickly. “Where did you meet my son, Captain? After his escape from the Ritz, no doubt,” he asked, a twinkle of good humour in his eye.
They hadn’t had a case in nearly two weeks and Sherlock had expressed, frequently and at ever increasing decibel-levels, that he was “Bored!”  He’d spent the last few days hopping between experiments, pacing the sitting room and badgering John to get him cigarettes.  John himself was nearly at the end of his tether when the madman ran off to Bart’s late last night and hadn’t been heard from since.
Walters placed a sterling silver tray of finger sandwiches and cakes on the table and began pouring tea into two gold-rimmed porcelain tea cups from an etched silver pot. He glanced up at John enquiringly, and John realised he was subtly asking how he took his tea.
I stretch languorously and push back my duvet.  Sitting on the edge of my bed, I fire off texts to Harry, Greg, Molly, and Mike -  all of them short and giving nothing away.  I contemplate deleting the text from the unknown number but, still feeling a bit unsettled, I decide to keep it for now.  With a yawn, I collect my dressing gown and shuffle down the corridor to grab the Guardian from where it’s dropped through my letterbox.
Sherlock shakes his head, stepping closer.  “It’ll never stop, John.  Don’t you understand?  As long as I’m me, there will always be someone watching.”
- The BBC Breakfast Show is actually broadcast from MediaCityUK at Salford Quays in Greater Manchester - something I learned while researching for this fic because I assumed they still filmed in London.  Anyway, we’re going to pretend they never made the move so that Sherlock can simply go across the city for his interview and be back with John in as little time as possible.  It used to be broadcast from Television Centre in White City, West London which is just a couple miles from John’s flat, which works much better for my purposes.  Everyone cool with that? Okay, good.
Various potential responses flickered through his brain and he dismissed them as quickly as they arrived.  Mycroft would know, so he opted for honesty.  “I am curious,” he stated simply.  “I would like to know what they are experiencing and understand what this day means to them, why they chose to flock to the palace, and to hear what they are saying to each other.  I want to study it.  And you know very well that Papa and Mummy would never let me venture out on my own.  I was not even allowed to perform my ridiculous Home Guard duties without being watched.”  Sherlock rolled his eyes.  “If you are with me, however, I am certain they would consent.  We could go incognito and no one would be the wiser.”
“My night hasn’t turned out at all like I expected…” John trailed off, but he heard the end of the sentence in his head— ‘
They walked shoulder to shoulder along the pavement. After the excitement of the last couple hours, they were now alone on the street, the air around them warm and humid, muffling the sounds of the city. John was glad of the reprieve; the sheer number of revellers flooding through London, seeking out a party to celebrate with loved ones or to find someone for the night, had been overwhelming. In contrast, Sherlock’s presence was equal parts comforting and exciting.
Sherlock glanced down at his outfit and a blush spread across his cheeks before he could suppress it.  This was too fine a tweed for hillwalking and Mycroft knew it, but it did not stop him from being a pompous worm.  “In-cog-ni-to,” he said, enunciating each syllable clearly.  “That was the plan.  You look like you’re preparing to dine with foreign dignitaries at a state dinner.”
He comes back to himself suddenly and looks at me, eyes sad, and I really don’t want to know whatever conclusion he’s reached.
Some distant part of his brain was trying to tell him to slow it down, but then Sherlock tipped backward onto the table so that John was sprawled across his chest, hips rutting reflexively. Oh, Christ, Sherlock felt far too good beneath him.
Sherlock had taken a step towards me, but then draws up short.  “John, it’s what was necessary.  I --”
He sighs. “Talking to myself -- it can be useful. As most people are idiots, I find it easier to tease out problems if I speak out loud to myself. Granted, I usually employ fewer vulgarities than you just did, but one cannot deny that there is a certain satisfaction in a good curse word.”
At that, the man finally turned around and only then seemed to register that he was not alone in the backseat of the taxi.  His eyes opening comically wide for a brief second as he took in John’s presence.  The man was much younger than John had expected; he was all smooth skin, dark curls, and steely eyes.
“Me too.”   It comes out a whisper, but that’s only to be expected because Sherlock is dipping his head down and suddenly his lips are on mine, warm and soft and tentative.
“I feel like I owe you an apology, John. It seems that I, quite without thought, caused you to alter your plans for the evening. I have made many assumptions, one of which was that you would, of course, want to accompany me on what has proven to be a comedy of errors.”
Sherlock is standing so close -- I’m not sure if he moved or I did, but he’s closer now and my hands are itching to reach out and touch him.
“Enough already.  Go get our food.”  If he could flop back in his chair, I’d think he would.  As it is, he has to pretend sulk without any additional dramatic flair.  Angelo booms out a laugh, slaps Sherlock’s shoulder once more and then disappears into the kitchen.
Sherlock sets down his cutlery and wipes off his mouth with this napkin.  “That is very kind of you, Nicola.  I enjoyed making it so it pleases me that others found it enjoyable to watch.”
“That. . . you. . . it’s mutual.  All of it,” Sherlock says in a rush and then collects himself.  “I recognise that there is a certain expectation of who Sherlock Holmes is based on interviews and appearances, but I think it’s important that you know that it’s not an accurate representation of me, not really.”
Sherlock gives me a rueful smile.  He steps away and I instantly miss his warmth.  “Good night, John.”
With a jerky nod, I force myself to walk down the corridor to Sherlock’s bedroom where he’s currently being dressed by Armon.  I knock and stick my head around the door.  Armon is aggressively de-linting a tuxedo jacket that’s hanging on the wardrobe door and Sherlock is staring out the window, hands on his hips.  “Everything okay?”
God.  The shift from imperious to uncertain happens so suddenly, I can feel a lump forming in my throat.  Sherlock is simultaneously a powerful force of nature and the most fragile vessel of pure emotion.
Sherlock remained stubbornly silent during their journey, despite Mycroft's attempts at conversation.  When the car pulled up to the Ritz, Major Lestrade, seemingly uncomfortable with the icy atmosphere between his charges, leapt out from beside the driver and opened the door for them.  The flags on the front of the vehicle gave them away as members of the royal family and the people on the pavement turned to look, gasping in recognition.  Sherlock set his jaw and quickly mounted the steps of the hotel, pushing his way past the revellers spilling out of the door.
To his great relief, John’s face softened into a brilliant smile, his eyes positively twinkling.  Although Sherlock was usually loath to employ such poetic language, in this instance it was simply the truth.  Sherlock felt himself grinning in return.
Caught up in his new favourite pastime of kissing Sherlock, John was surprised when they bumped against the kitchen table, the edge of it hitting Sherlock in the back of the thighs.  He grunted slightly at the impact and then promptly sat down on the table, pulling John into the vee between his legs.
Silence falls between us and I’m not sure what the next step forward is.  Apparently, he’s staying with me for the next few days, so we’ve got to cope with being cooped up in my flat together.  And with Sally’s parting words, there’s a renewed tension in the room about what exactly is going on between us.  As a result, I’m feeling all too aware of my own thoughts, the expression on my face, what my limbs are doing, and my proximity to Sherlock.
John started through the door but came to an abrupt halt when Sherlock’s hand settled on the small of his back. The warmth of Sherlock’s palm felt like a brand, searing him with such a strong feeling of desire that John could hardly stand it. He tucked his chin, trying to suppress the shudder that was threatening to overtake his body. He found himself wanting to curl into Sherlock’s embrace, right there in the garden. The irony of being presented with such a temptation in this lush, beautiful garden did not escape him.
I scan through the statement.  Everything is expected except for an unexplained jump in the electricity bill this month.  I highlight the amount of the direct debit and make a note to follow it up with the electricity company tomorrow morning.
Closing the door behind me, I deposit my lunch on the desk carelessly and attack the computer mouse, shaking it violently across the hard surface of the desk.  The computer has been sitting idle for the last hour and the screen has gone to sleep.  Once it’s woken from its nap, all too slowly for my liking, I click on the icon for the security package I’d had installed in the shop.
I set about making tea for us without consulting Sherlock -- filling the kettle, fishing out clean mugs from the cupboard, depositing tea bags in each and adding sugar to one.  I’m annoyed that I remember how he takes his tea after only making it for him once before.  I turn to find him seated in my chair so I take the other as I place the cups on the table.
While Sherlock had been worried about how this experience would affect John, John himself was clearly enjoying himself. He was relaxed and cheeky, despite the unfamiliar, ornate surroundings, and the fact that he was so effortlessly himself, when Sherlock frequently felt awkward and out of place, caused him a small amount of jealousy, but mostly he was delighted.
This statement goes off like a bomb and the silence that follows is deafening.  My hands curl reflexively into fists, I can feel Sherlock stiffen beside me and Molly is looking at Greg in horror.
I look at him for a moment to see if he’s joking.  From most people, this question would indicate that they were fishing for compliments, but from Sherlock, despite his celebrity status, it seems genuine.  Where to start with my answer?
Sherlock follows me into the kitchen, where I begin pulling out eggs, bacon and bread and set about preparing a fry up.  I task Sherlock with making a fresh cafetiere of coffee as the drinks Sally bought have gone cold, which he does with impressive precision and focus.  We remain quiet as we work and the only sounds to be heard is the sizzle of the frying pan and the clatter of utensils and dishes being set down on the counter.
Sherlock nodded, still lacking breath to form words. He forced himself to inhale deeply and when he released it, he once again raised his hand and set it gently against the badges and medals that adorned John’s jacket, right above his heart. Although the material was too thick to feel his heartbeat, Sherlock drew comfort from the idea that perhaps John’s heart was beating as fast as his own.
“Trafalgar Square,” he demanded, looking out the window to see Major Lestrade at the fence, staring at the taxi in disbelief.
That wasn’t a very reassuring message.  I glance at the clock -- it’s nearly quarter past five and I decide to close up early for the day.  I send Anderson home with a promise he’ll still be paid for his full hours and then flick over the sign to ‘closed’ to keep away any potential customers.
She looks at me intently and then says, “I’ve just made scones.  Come in and we’ll have a cup of tea.”
“One of Mycroft’s minions brought some of my things around this afternoon.  Apparently, pyjamas were not appropriate clothing in his eyes,” Sherlock says with a shrug and then gestures to the veritable feast spread across the coffee table.  “Hungry?”
The man’s eyes danced warily over John’s face for a moment before he stuck out his hand, covered in a fine leather glove.  John stared at it, uncertain of the implications of shaking the man’s hand, but eventually reached out his own tentative fingers and clasped the proffered hand.
“No!” I yelp, pulling the phone out of his hands.  Although my own curiosity is eating away at me, I can’t stomach the idea of seeking out the story on the gossip sites.  If I am to find out any of the details, then Sherlock needs to tell me himself.  Anything else would be horribly unfair.  “It’s just, you know, the likes of the Sun or the Daily Mail are going to be ruthless whatever it is.  I don’t want it to be, well, gossip.  This is about Sherlock, about his life.  I don’t want to know what the papers have to say.”
Sherlock: “It would be insincere to pretend that my accomplishments bear no relationship to my station, one that I was born into out of sheer luck. Throughout my early years, I didn’t truly appreciate the privileged life I led, but through meeting John, I began to recognise that all the wealth, status or intelligence in the world are meaningless without kindness and generosity. I am proud to have learned that lesson. And I am also proud of my bees. They are a wonder.”
John just chuckled and set off down the pavement westward.  “Come on, posh boy. First round’s on me. Again.”
And so it continues.  I spend my Sunday lazing about the flat, texting crossword clues to Sherlock between cups of tea.
“Someone's grouchy - I just stopped by to give you this,” Harry says, waving an A4 envelope at me.  “What'd I miss?” she asks, jumping up to sit on the counter.
Saluting, Anderson spins on his heel and vanishes from the door. With him away, I allow my head to drop to the desk, the resulting thunk sounding loud in the empty shop. The shop is bleeding money and I don’t have a fucking clue how to stop it. At this rate, I’ll be out of a job and on Greg and Molly’s Li-lo by the summer bank holiday.
I desperately want to unlock my phone and read the message he sent.  I won’t give him the satisfaction of knowing how thrilled I am that I now have his number, so I pocket my phone instead.
“I’ll just have to bother you all day, or snoop through your things.  One or the other.”  He shoots me a cheeky grin and then plucks his coffee cup from the table, looking far too pleased with himself as he brings it to his lips.
As Woolwich Common drew nearer, Sherlock slowed the car in an attempt to draw out these last few moments together.
If he wasn’t so out of breath, with a niggling sense of concern over his conduct back at the Curzon Club, then he would have laughed at how this evening had panned out so far.  He’d transformed from being a grouchy invalid to galavanting through the city with this madman by his side.  His Army mates wouldn’t believe the change; he could scarcely believe it himself.
Setting the paper on the table in the kitchen, I fill the kettle to prepare myself a cup of tea and pop some bread in the toaster for toast with jam.  Breakfast made, I plop down in my chair and open the paper to the puzzles section.  Usually it’s just a half-hearted attempt to fill in the Sudoku puzzle for me, but today I look at the clues for the crossword puzzle instead.
“Yeah, well, give it a few years.  Come on, everyone’s already here.”  I lead her by the hand to the sitting room and a cheer goes up when Harry enters.  She’s engulfed by hugs from all sides and when she emerges, fascinator slightly askew, she’s standing in front of me and Sherlock.
“That’s good of you, Sherlock.  And Angelo is certainly a fan of yours.  How long have you known him?”
- Last week, the bin lorry rocked up outside my flat at midnight on a Saturday and I was pissed.  Probably not as pissed as Sherlock and John for having their first kiss interrupted, but still…
“You’re far too sensible to be in the running, Mikey!”  Harry says with a grin, her wine glass nearly empty.  “Greg, you start us off!”
As embarrassing as it was to admit, John found this song rather...sexy.  His hips began to sway, remembering (vaguely) those late nights in sweaty clubs back in his uni and army days, how strangers’ hands had traveled over his skin and gripped his arms, his abdomen and, daringly, his bum.  John giggled at the thought - that felt like someone else’s life.
Sherlock’s voice has an edge now.  “Yes, while it is important to hear people’s stories, it is perhaps more important to address the social and biological factors that lead to addiction in the first place.  Personal responsibility only goes so far, especially in an industry like this where power imbalances, exploitation and abuse are rife.”
I’m a bit gobsmacked by that and my mouth is hanging open in what is probably a highly unattractive manner. “That was amazing.”
Thanks again to my lovely betas @shylockgnomes, @eternaljohnlock and @zigster-ao3 - you are all wonderful!
Although Sherlock would undoubtedly know that he’d turned on the radio by the slight disturbance in dust and intuit that he’d been listening to Capital (despite it not being his fault that the blasted radio was tuned to this station) and just
“The celebrations.” He paused and Sherlock glanced over at him, trying to see what his face was doing so as to better read this situation. “It sounds mad, I know. I just couldn’t bear to be amongst it all. I’m glad to see the war finished and, I know I bloody well fought in it, but I felt like we had lost too much, I think. So instead of moping about on the Mall and souring the festivities for my mates, I decided to set out for my sister’s place instead.”
“Just let me get a picture for Instagram,” Armon says, pulling out his phone and nudging Sherlock towards the bookshelves that line one end of the room.
Sherlock’s laughter is warm and inviting and I find myself smiling along with him, the atmosphere in the room lifting, allowing me to breathe easily again.
By October, I’ve watched all twenty-two of his films, plus random episodes of a few television series from the late 90s and early 00s.
The choice to stay together may have been easy, but that did not mean the path ahead of them was a smooth one. A month before their reunion, a well-publicised trial concluded and Alan Turing was convicted of "gross indecency". Despite the protection provided by Sherlock’s title, it was still essential that their relationship remained secret given the legal and societal views of homosexuality at the time. The pair endeavoured to keep their life together private, telling only those who needed to know and ensuring that any staff were trustworthy and properly vetted.
Sally exhales another frustrated sigh.  “You know that’s not true, John.  He’s stressed and he’s lashing out, so stop being a stroppy arsehole and go be there for your dickhead of a boyfriend.”
In the taxi, Prince Henry rubbed his temple in frustration. John could imagine Sherlock being a nightmare of a younger brother and Prince Henry had probably put up with a lot over the years. He smothered a grin at the thought.
“Coming right up.”  I scoop a teaspoon of sugar from the jar on the counter and tip it into the blue one with an image of Woodstock from the Peanuts on the side and then add a tea bag to both cups.  Out of the corner of my eye, I watch Sherlock set his jacket and shirt across the back of my usual chair, pull it out from the table and settle his long limbs onto it.  I pour water into each cup and replace the kettle.
After god knows how long, I’m startled out of my thoughts by Sherlock’s voice, now clear so he must have woken up awhile ago.
“It does appear very appetising,” Sherlock concurs with a judicious nod, and then continues, “I was highly tempted to devour it all, so you’re lucky I waited for you.”
John nodded. “Very good, Ashford. I’ll make my rounds shortly to meet them all. Can you and Taunton assess the state of the storage room down by the mess hall to see if it could be cleared and used as another ward, perhaps for those about to be transferred out?”
“This way.”  The command issued so easily from the man’s lips that John bristled afresh at being told what to do.  He was an officer, for Christ’s sake; giving orders was his job.  As he was walking at a brisk pace, John had to jog slightly to catch up with him, his own leg giving a twinge and John stopped abruptly, looking down at his hands in dismay.
“While the statement you released confirmed your trip to rehab, it did not go into any detail about the circumstances of your visit.  As a result, various rumours have cropped up over the weekend, some more unbelievable than others,” Naga says, pushing the interview forward.  Sherlock gazes at her steadily as she gets to her question.  “What can you tell us about that period of your life?”
“Let him go!” Sherlock said, pulling at one of the soldiers arms, attempting to remove his hands from John’s person. The soldier’s grip was momentarily dislodged, but his other hand clamped down firmly around John’s bicep, and he grappled with Sherlock for a few seconds before twisting his right arm and thrusting it upwards. When it connected with his nose, Sherlock stepped backwards, off-balance and stunned. A burst of pain erupted through his face and he touched his nose gingerly, his fingers coming away covered in blood.
Sherlock picks up one of the newspapers and flicks through the pages, pausing when he finds a news article about himself.  I shift onto my toes to see over the edge of the paper and can just glimpse an unflattering picture of him on the opposite page.  In the photo, he’s caught mid-turn, his hands slightly blurred by motion and his face appearing frozen in an expression of absolute disgust.
He did appear exhausted, dark circles under his eyes and a slow gait; he would, most likely, prefer to be anywhere else than partaking in breakfast at the palace, but Sherlock thought that his continued presence may make John feel more comfortable at the royal breakfast table so he was grateful that the Major was joining them.
“Not long. I moved in just before Christmas,” he answered, bypassing the sandwiches and selecting a raspberry-topped petit four. “After Mycroft’s wedding, it seemed expedient to find my own quarters, since he would one day be king and Buckingham Palace would be his. Little did we know that day would be quite so soon.”
“I told you it was someone horrible,” he responds, his voice carrying clearly from the bedroom, and Sally smirks like the cat who got the cream.  My cheeks burn.
“I’m with you, Harry.  I don’t want him to be scared to at least give it a go.”  He turns to me and continues, “If it doesn’t work out, then we’ll deal with it, yeah?  But you’ve been hiding yourself away in this shop for years, like some timid book mouse, Johnny, and then Sherlock arrived and it was like you’d reclaimed a bit of yourself.  Maybe part of it was coming out, but I think a lot of it was just him.  He makes you brighter and bolder, or something.  You smile more with him.  Just don’t run away from it before it even has the chance to become something real -- isn’t that just what Sherlock did before?”
I can’t avoid the gossip about him, but I desperately wish I could.  Every time I see or hear Sherlock’s name, I itch with discomfort, like a low current of electricity vibrating across the surface of my skin.  The news is everywhere.
Sherlock and Sally both look up from their plotting to say goodbye -- Sally with a brief nod before returning to her tablet and Sherlock with a wink and a lingering smile.  I grin back, giddy from the cocktail of heart-eyes, lust, and endorphins I’ve been having over the last twenty-four hours.  Finally, I force myself to turn away and leave the flat.
Not to be ignored, the man behind them said, “Perhaps you could let us through while you deal with them, Maxwell.  We are wasting time that could be spent with a glass in hand.”
Without looking at me, Sherlock says, “It’s not a big deal, John.  A minor issue was dealt with and now we have food.  Just eat.”  He sounds increasingly irritated.  What started out as light banter has descended into something more like an argument.
He set to pouring small amounts of vinegar onto the drops of blood that dotted both the jacket and tweed coat, trying to ignore the fact that both of these garments were probably obscenely expensive and wanting to avoid any trouble for damaging them.
- The storyline of this chapter was determined not by me but by the characters.  John and Sherlock just did things and I had to keep up.
Mycroft eyed him and Sherlock did his best to return his gaze unwaveringly.  “That was a very diplomatic answer, Prince William.  One that may convince Papa and Mummy, but I know you far too well.  Why do you really want to go out, Sherlock, and why must I go as well?”
John was on his feet immediately and moved behind Sherlock’s chair.  “He’s just has a few too many, lads.  Doesn’t know what he’s on about.”
⟪Jooooooohnny!!!! I can’t belive u brought Sherlcok bloody HOlmes to my bday party! Best. Birthday. Ever.⟫
The last few weeks have been an endless stream of promotional events and interviews in London, Los Angeles and New York leading up to the release of Sherlock’s new film.  With all his jet-setting it seems like I’ve only seen him for brief periods at a time, whenever he’s got a few spare hours between appointments or an odd night here or there when he crawls into my bed, exhausted from a day of ‘people’.  Mostly though, we’ve been relying on Facetime and Whatsapp to keep in touch and, if I’m being honest, it’s a pretty rubbish way to start a relationship.  It’s like I’m dating my phone instead of a man.
And so begins a new habit -- whenever I can’t sleep, which is often, I watch something else from Sherlock’s filmography.  I start with his earliest work and then over the weeks, progress through his entire IMDB page.
. . . speaking from our Empire’s oldest capital city, war-battered but never for one moment daunted or dismayed. . .
Sherlock, then 19, had received permission from his father King George VI to celebrate the occasion outside of Buckingham Palace, so he and his brother, the future King Henry IX, attended a party at the Ritz. This wasn’t the evening that Sherlock had envisioned, however, and he quickly made his escape through one of the service entrances to the hotel and fled into the night. Unluckily for Sherlock, he was pursued by his chaperone for the evening, Major Gregory Lestrade, which brings us back to the taxi. “He leapt out into the middle of the road in front of my taxi, raised his arm to signal the driver to stop like he was bloody Moses parting the Red Sea, and climbs inside. I was indignant — all I wanted was some privacy and a glass of whisky!"
He closes his eyes briefly and sighs, one of his hands migrating up to cup the side of my head.  “I really want to kiss you right now, but Clara would absolutely kill me if I mess up this ridiculous foundation I’m wearing.”
“Okay, okay.  Enough about the bloody Hobnobs!  I was a disaster, Sherlock still asked me out for some reason, and now we’re here.  End of story.”
The word caused John to jerk back in surprise. Twenty minutes ago, he had been completely smitten with the man he knew as “Sherlock” and would not have hesitated to call him his friend. Now, however, John could feel the warm prickles of rage creeping up his spine. Bits and pieces of their conversation over the night began to flicker through his head and it all started to slot together.
“Sherlock, I was able to get us permission to go on this little adventure tonight so I suggest you be grateful we are going at all instead of complaining about my attire.  If I am to go out tonight, I shall wear something appropriate, but I will agree to leave my crown behind.”  Mycroft pursed his lips in that aggravating way he had when he thought he was being funny.
It’s quarter to seven, meaning I either have to text Greg to say I’m not coming tonight or head out the door.  While it seems rude to leave Sherlock on his own when he’s clearly upset, I also don’t know if I can stay in the same room as him for another moment.  The atmosphere is tense and uncomfortable, and if he’s not going to talk about what’s going on with him, then I anticipate the evening continuing in much the same manner.  I don’t have the social grace to handle this situation with any degree of understanding and sensitivity.
After ringing off with Greg, the rest of the afternoon passes with me trying to pretend like nothing is wrong, which is made harder when two police officers turn up for my statement.  Thankfully, there aren’t any customers in the shop when they arrive and I escort them into the office, ignoring Anderson’s shocked face.
“Come on, just through here. Don’t mind the mess - Harry’s a poor housekeeper. Mrs Hudson takes pity on her sometimes.”
That prompted an image of John dancing to flicker through Sherlock’s head. He very much doubted that John was terrible; after all, he had demonstrated excellent fitness, coordination and spatial awareness throughout their exploits thus far (limp and cane aside), so perhaps it was a lack of experience and confidence rather than a lack of skill that made John doubt himself.
John was impressed, and he noticed a faint flush across Lestrade’s face following Sherlock’s ultimatum.
Sherlock didn’t release him however, so he had the challenge of shifting piles of post, academic journals and various experiment accoutrements with a limited range of motion.
“Just. . . you came into my shop, so I thought you might be looking to travel?  Seems to be why most people visit.  Well, except for those odd few who ignore the shop’s name and come in searching for the latest novel by E. L. James, if you can call it that.  Novel seems like too grand a title for those books. . .”
With his hand clasped over his nose, Sherlock narrowed his eyes. Never before had he wanted to strike someone so badly as he did the Colonel in that moment. John, however, looked as though his anger had drained away, replaced with annoyance and he stood taller, proud and unapologetic.
Thank you for reading along so far and to those who have left comments! Hopefully this next installment is as well received!
“We’ve already established that I was an idiot, Greg.  Anyway, he was there and I’d planned this big speech in my head while I was buying things for dinner and when I saw him there, all of those words just left my head and I just winged it.”
Despite this being my home, I feel like I’m intruding, and I’m not sure what to do with myself.  Do I demand that they leave?  Should I go into the kitchen to give them some privacy?  Uncertain, I sit awkwardly on the arm of the sofa and sip my coffee, attempting to simultaneously stake my claim on the sitting room, feed my own curiosity about the details of the situation, and be a silent support for Sherlock, especially when faced with these two overbearing people.
Once John was stable, he looked up and noticed his hand, ungloved and waiting.  Sherlock saw him debate for a second before taking it, palm warm against Sherlock’s own, and pulled himself to his feet.  Sherlock turned to look out over the crowd, pretending to survey the revellers, in order to give John a moment of privacy to sort himself out.  It also gave him the opportunity to quell the little thrill over the fact that he had casually touched another man, skin to skin.  He could not remember the last time that had happened - childhood, perhaps.  No one touched him.  Sherlock doubted they would willingly do so anyway, had manners and royal etiquette not prevented it.
While all this is going on, I perch at the other end of the sofa, now fully clothed after having thrown on some jeans and socks, listening to them strategise.  I’d offered to make myself scarce earlier by either reading in the bedroom or leaving the flat altogether, but Sherlock had just scoffed and said “Eat your breakfast, John” -- the put-on abrasiveness tempered by a soft hand on my elbow.  So that’s what I’d done.  Sherlock had on two occasions asked my opinion, mostly to prove Sally wrong about something, but otherwise I’d been rather superfluous to the ongoing negotiations.
My heart clenches at the sight of him there, like he belongs even after what I said to him last night.  I want this to be a reality -- Sherlock being here when I get in from work, sharing meals and watching crap telly in the evenings, sitting together while reading and not talking for hours, generally wanting Sherlock to feel at home in my home.
It’s from Sherlock.  The lingering melancholy from earlier departs as the butterflies in my stomach wake up and begin fluttering like mad.
Sherlock plucked the kettle off the burner where it rested and inspected it suspiciously as he moved to the sink. Shaking his head, John dropped a small pat of butter into the pan and as it melted, he heard the tap turn on and the metallic sound of water hitting the bottom of the kettle.
He left Sherlock’s papers and books where they were - after facing Sherlock’s wrath for moving his seemingly random piles (“The Work, John!  How am I supposed to make connections when I can’t locate the test results I need because you’ve ‘tidied’ the flat?”), John had learned to leave that particular job to Sherlock.
“First, my brother Mycroft is the most self-righteous, controlling person you’ll ever meet and I loathe him.  However, he occupies a powerful position within the government and it has been an undeniably useful connection at certain points throughout my career.  I was aware that he sent you those texts and appeared in your shop, and I am sorry to have added to your worry by letting you think it was a serious threat instead of telling you who he was, which leads me to my second point.
He finally truly meets my eye then, for the first time since I walked in the room.  “You lied,” he says as though sounding the words out in order to make sense of them.  “Care to elaborate?”
“A bit unbelievable, but yes, it is rather wonderful,” I reply, shrugging off my coat, which she takes from me and hangs on the coat stand in the entryway.
The next morning dawns grey and rainy, which is perfectly fitting, really.  Still annoyed after the events of last night, I grumble my way through my morning routine and hustle to the shop under the cover of my umbrella.  Thankfully, even Anderson is able to sense that I’m not in the mood to chat today and quietly goes about straightening the shelves, keeping his distance from me as I storm about behind the till, not really accomplishing much.
“Head contusion, sir!” John barked out, hand returning to Sampson’s wrist to take his pulse again - still weak but steady. “Stable condition at the moment. Ambulance en route.”
⟪John, that’s not something to joke about.  I will be on that flight regardless of whatever nonsense I’m forced to participate in beforehand. SH⟫
Not that he wanted to clean up after Sherlock...again, but if he wanted to continue to live in 221B, then something had to be done.
Sensing he needs some space, I set about getting things sorted for a very late lunch/early dinner of Pad Thai with prawns and green curry with chicken.  Not having eaten since breakfast, my stomach grumbles at the sight and smell of the food and I nudge Sherlock’s feet aside so I can sit on the sofa to tuck into my heaping plate.  Eventually, Sherlock unfurls and unenthusiastically nibbles his way through a small portion of Pad Thai.
A second voice joined hers.  “Doesn’t quite know how to the wear the crown, does he?  Not like his older brother.  Prince Henry has such a sense of duty.”
“Hi,” I breathe out, looking up at his face, trying to channel his skills and assess what’s going on with him.  “Thanks for coming.”
I’ve started to sweat, but I push down my anxiety and stride ahead as if everything is perfectly fine.  We continue in silence until we reach my street door.  It’s kelly green in colour, once vibrant and glossy but now chipped and faded, and the metal number on the door is slightly crooked.  The stairwell seems dimmer than usual as we climb the stairs to the second floor, Sherlock Holmes’s fine leather shoes scuffing softly with each step behind me.  It’s silly the things you notice when you’re a ball of nerves and trying to impress.
Sherlock makes his way back towards me, arms laden with books, pausing every so often to look at something on one of shelves.  He picks up one more before depositing the whole lot onto the counter.  I look down at the pile in bewilderment.  This will probably be the biggest sale I’ve had in months.
He’s too beautiful to just abandon on the doorstep, so holding the door open with one hand, I stand on my tiptoes and kiss him on the cheek, whisper “good night” to him one last time and then disappear through the door.  If I’d lingered any longer, I wouldn’t have been able to leave him at all.
I have no idea what band she’s talking about and I haven’t watched the Graham Norton Show in years, so I just nod and try to look interested.
“You was right lucky I was free when ya spotted me.  Been busy all day, people going here and there to celebrate.  You off to a party or summat?”
“John, will you allow me to explain?” He asks, softly.   “You are understandably angry about Mycroft, but there were reasons for why things happened like they did, and I think you deserve to hear them.”
John drew himself up, suddenly self-conscious in his civilian clothes. “Lieutenant-Colonel John Watson here to see Prince William.”
He watched the Major’s eyebrows creep up, which Sherlock assumed would lead to a flush of anger and a possible outburst of fragile ego typical of small men.  However, given their company and Lestrade’s military discipline, it may be unlikely.  Without missing a beat, he continued, “Joining the Army seemed like a decent option for a young man with no formal education, especially when there was no war being fought at the time - small chance of injury or death - so you signed up intending to serve only a few years, but you surprised yourself and your officers with your natural leadership skills, and moved up quickly through the ranks.  Now here you are, a veteran of the Mediterranean Front, no home, no wife, and considering yourself lucky to have survived the war but with no idea of what to do next.  Excuse me, Major Lestrade, if I do not accept your platitudes or suffer your watchful eye.”
And thanks to @zigster-ao3 and @eternaljohnlock for helping me get this raggedy chapter into some semblance of order! x
At twenty to six that evening, I give up pretending to work and lock the door from the inside.  No customers had come into the shop in over an hour and any that attempt to come in are now no longer my priority.  The clothing I have selected is hanging on the back of the door in my office, waiting.  Despite long deliberations earlier this afternoon, I’m still not sure that I have made the right choice.  I’ve always been rubbish at dressing with any kind of style; I’m much more of a jumper man usually, but if I’m going on a date with Sherlock Holmes, then I’d better up my game.
Something about the way he says it and how Sherlock reacts, bowing his head, a faint flush spreading across his cheekbones, makes me wonder if this is actually a rare occurrence for him.  While it’s new for me, I hadn’t truly considered it being new for him, despite the conversation at dinner on Saturday night.  Maybe he’s just as nervous as I am?
I think back, trying to remember the oddly formal wording of that first text from the unknown number.  “Something like ‘It’s come to my attention that you’ve met Sherlock Holmes.  I suggest you stop seeing him immediately.’”
Across from him, Sherlock sipped his tea so properly. Back straight, elbow tucked in, precise movements. Years of eating meals out in the field had dulled John’s manners and he felt positively barbaric in comparison.
John thought this seemed rather over-the-top considering the occasion. When all of Britain was celebrating, why was it necessary for Sherlock to be chaperoned home right now?  “What’s the urgency?” John asked.
John was looking at him intently, jaw tight. Sherlock wished to reach out a finger and smooth out the tension that was writ across John’s face; he could almost imagine the feel of John’s skin under his fingertips in his mind. Sherlock waited, breathless, unable to tease out the exact meaning of John’s curious expression.
There was a brief moment of silence as the band finished one piece before transitioning into a rousing swing number, which was unfamiliar to Sherlock but was met by a cheer from the crowd. Fascinated, he watched as couples paired up and started what looked like a violent series of kicks and throws. However, everyone seemed to be having a wonderful time so Sherlock supposed the acrobatic aspects of the dance were part of the fun.
He is just a dark shape standing in the doorway, backlit by the sun dropping in the sky.  Not being able to see his face or assess the look in his eyes makes it somewhat easier to go open the door.  I turn my keys in the lock, pull it open, and Sherlock steps over the threshold.
It feels like too big of an undertaking suddenly, realisation dawning that each minute takes us closer to the point of no return, but I promised Sherlock I would be there with him.  He’s nominated for Best Actor in a Leading Role for
“Why two o’clock?” John asked suddenly. “It won’t take more than twenty minutes to get to the barracks.”
“Sherlock, stop. I’m happy to be here. Honestly, I’ve had more fun tonight than I have in a long time.”
I grumble under my breath as I approach the fence, checking the road one final time before thrusting the envelope through the bars at Sherlock.  “Hold this.”
Sherlock spotted a small Union Jack flag laying on the base of the statue, abandoned by its previous owner, and with a grin to the man by his side, he bent down to retrieve it.
Sherlock is relentless, his mouth hot and hungry against mine.  Warmth pools at the base of my spine and I’m dimly aware of my hips grinding down, desperate for some friction.  This could all be over very quickly if we continue in this manner -- I’d really have no hope in drawing it out.  I feel him tugging my shirt from where it’s tucked into my trousers and when his hands make contact with the bare skin of my back, I gasp into Sherlock’s mouth and pull away, breathing hard.  “Wait, wait, wait!”
One second the paper cup is in my grasp and the next it’s been knocked out of my hand and there is coffee everywhere.  Including on the person I’ve just run into.
“This is the second time today I’ve witnessed you in a curse-laden outburst,” rumbles a familiar baritone.
This unexpected expression of endearment catches me off guard and I find myself choked up.  I cough, “You too.”
One afternoon, my phone buzzes in my pocket just as I’m waving a customer away after she’s purchased a guidebook for the Pacific Coast Trail -- there’s been increased interest in that trek since the film
Quietly, they slipped through the darkened corridors leading to the royal apartments. Even at this hour, footmen were on hand to open doors as Sherlock approached and they proceeded undeterred without a word spoken.
Raising his left hand so that both his palms were resting on John’s chest, Sherlock pressed forward, perhaps a bit too enthusiastically because his lips bumped awkwardly against John’s. He felt John chuckle against his lips and tighten the hold he had on Sherlock’s curls, gently adjusting the angle of his head so that their mouths aligned better. John’s mouth was soft and searching. Never before had Sherlock considered how wonderful a kiss might feel and he sighed with pleasure at the new sensation.
I chuckle at that.  “Quite rude to tell someone that there will be dinner waiting for them when they get home and then eat it all before they arrive!”
He knew he must look like a brigand, blood dripping onto his jacket, but Sherlock drew himself up and focused on the soldier who asked the question, determined not to look at John as he spoke. If he did, he was not certain he would be able to get the necessary words out. Time seemed to draw out, but finally, he said:
The next thirty minutes are a whirlwind of activity.  Sherlock finishes his cup of tea just as Sally buzzes to be let up.  She’s brought a recently pressed suit for him to wear and she fusses over him, fixing his lapels and brushing invisible lint from his shoulders as she rattles off last minute reminders for the upcoming interview.
“Fine,” Lestrade gritted out with a glare aimed at Sherlock, before he turned his attention to John. “I may not be able to give Sherlock orders, but I can command you, Captain. You will deliver Sherlock to the barracks as quickly as possible. Is that understood?”
As much as he wanted to hold onto his anger, John realised that Sherlock was right. He probably wouldn’t have understood. There was no way for Sherlock to just go out on the town and have a bit of a drink and a laugh when he was Prince William. And, if John really considered it, he probably got to know Sherlock better than anyone else outside his family due to the freedom of him not being “royal” for the night.
I brace myself.  It’s impossible to predict what Harry is going to come out with, especially after a few drinks.
Around him there was a collective intake of breath, followed by a resounding silence. Time seemed suspended as all eyes turned to observe the commotion on the dancefloor. There were a few whispers, hissed low and urgent amongst the crowd.
Finally, he clocked a group of soldiers, arms draped around each other, singing loudly and so off-pitch that Sherlock could barely identify the song.  He listened for a moment and picked up the tune to
Sherlock’s mouth is intoxicating.  I press myself closer to him and I give in to a fantasy I’ve been having all night -- I push my left hand up into his hair, cupping the back of his head.  The soft strands curl around my fingers like they’re trying to hold me there.
Sherlock risked a glance over at the other man and noted that a small smile had appeared on John’s face.
Rising from his chair, Sherlock looked down, a challenge in his eye. “Come on, John. Are you going to lose your nerve now?”
A few minutes later, the chatter in the pub died down as the barmaid shushed those closest to her and turned up the wireless positioned at one end of the bar.  “Hush up, you lot.  The King’s speakin’!”
I clear my throat and try to figure out how to respond.  There are things I won’t talk about, but my journey to opening the bookshop seems like it is distant enough from the memories of the Army that I may be able to discuss it.
The reception room was a formal space with a polished parquet floor and gold and crystal chandeliers drawing the eye.  Chairs lined the walls where guests were seated, sipping champagne and chatting.  Large colourful bouquets of nasturtiums, zinnia and irises dotted the room, filling the air with an overwhelming lush fragrance.
“No, I’ve never seen him before.  He was a posh, arrogant bloke, probably wealthy and he somehow managed to hack my CCTV.”
The man’s - Sherlock Holmes’ - eyes narrow and it’s like a shutter comes down between us. Gone is the reserved but charming man and in his place is this cold and distant stranger. I want to shrink back from him at the change, but Anderson is seemingly oblivious. “Could I get an autograph?”
Mouth stretching into a genuine smile, Sherlock said, “Just think of it this way, Major—at least you shall receive a fine meal as a recompense for all the trouble you have endured tonight, and then you will be dismissed to rest your weary head.”
“It started as an assignment from my therapist,” I begin, my arms tightening around him fractionally as the words tumble out.  Sherlock gives me an answering squeeze, but stays silent, so I continue, “Unsurprisingly, I was absolute rubbish at talking about what happened while I was deployed and it took Ella, that’s my therapist, months to get anywhere with me.  Eventually, after yet another frustrating session, she suggested I distance myself from my memories and feelings and translate them into a story, with a main character who wasn’t me taking on my experiences, to see if it made it easier for me to address them.”
John glanced at Sherlock and opened his mouth to reply that he had no power to force Sherlock to go anywhere against his will, but Sherlock beat him to it.
I frown.  Surely it’s not his manager’s responsibility to sort out our dinner?  I fumble with my phone and tap out: ⟪I can collect it?  Or grab cash on my way home for delivery?⟫
“Oh, do contain yourself.  I wish to do nothing of the sort.  I simply meant that today marks the end of a war, the likes of which we will never see again, God willing, and our people are able to breathe a sigh of relief and celebrate the fact that they still have blood pumping through their veins and, if they dare to believe it, there is now the opportunity to live the life they had only seen in their dreams.  So we can choose to honour the sacrifices of our people by waving from a balcony and giving speeches, or we can be with them as they experience this new peace.” His elocution tutor would have been proud of the way he delivered that speech, clear and full of conviction.
On my way out of the office, I grab my lunch - a meal deal from Boots -- and return to the counter.  I slide over the stack of new guidebooks about Senegal to ensure they remain unmarked by any flying bits of food.  My sandwich is rather limp and unappetising, but seeing as I can’t go out to find a replacement meal unless I want to close the shop, I push through and finish it.  I’m just reaching for the packet of crisps (should have gone for the fruit option really, not getting any younger, but I’m a sucker for crisps in any way at any time -- total guilty pleasure), when the bell above the door rings to announce a customer, or perhaps just a lost tourist.
“John, leave the dishes and come here.”  Sherlock’s voice positively rumbles with desire and I grip the edge of the counter to take a deep breath before turning back to face him.  He’s standing now, next to the table, and looks better than any dessert I’ve ever seen.  I’m drawn to him like a magnet.
With a deep breath, I raise my hand to knock.  Usually I’d go right in, but something about tonight requires a knock.
“John?” Greg’s voice is deep and sleep-rough -- I didn’t even think about the time -- but I can also hear a note of worry laced through it.  The fact that I’m phoning and not texting him is unusual enough, I suppose.
“Well, no, but I did get an autograph, and we can now tell people that Sherlock bloody Holmes was in the shop. Maybe that could be part of our advertising!”
This interview, they tell me, is to be the last they give, at least for the near future, and with that knowledge, I decide to end with three questions:
The driver was yelling at him through the windscreen, but Sherlock took three long strides around the taxi, flung open the door and folded himself inside.
Sherlock took a shuddering breath, and then another, still maintaining eye contact with John, until he felt he had control of his bodily transport once again. John performed a quick scan, as though to confirm for himself that Sherlock’s panic had passed, and then nodded in approval, giving Sherlock a reassuring smile.
Sherlock’s face takes on an expression of shock, like I’ve offended him by siding with Armon, but then he huffs and says “fine”.  Before getting out of my lap, he kisses me, once again putting on a show for those watching us, which is exceptionally awkward now that our audience is more than just Sally.  But I’m not going to worry about it too much considering he obviously trusts these people enough to be open about who we are to each other in front of them.
Tearing my mouth away, I push at his shoulders.  “Up,” I command, “Off.  Can’t move.  Want to touch you.”  I need him too much to form complete sentences.
“God save the King!” one of the soldiers shouted, which was repeated by not only his friends but all those within earshot, and Sherlock felt compelled to join them, lest he incur a repeat of the situation in the pub.
When he set off to return to the hospital the next morning, it was as though the world had taken on a rosy glow, everything saturated with warmth and affection. John whistled as he walked, giddy and full of love.
The morning was warm and the sun shone brightly in the sky as Sherlock navigated the car through the still-quiet streets of London. It was true, what he had said to John, he did love to drive. It always felt like freedom, and Sherlock had had few opportunities to drive over the last few years, the exception being their annual trip to Balmoral, where he could take the Range Rover on wild treks through the grounds, fast and a bit reckless. Now, while still favouring a bit of speed, Sherlock took more care while making turns because John was in the car with him.
⟪Just thought you might not want to piss anyone off before being stuck on an international flight with them.⟫
“Since now.  They’re all awful, even you lot and that includes my own brother.  You’re not worth the trouble.”
As they neared the mouth of the alley, Sherlock exclaimed, “John!” His voice was tinged with excitement, and an odd undertone of panic.
Sherlock studied his brother.  Mycroft had settled into his chair, fingers clasped across his stomach, a bemused look flitting across his features, as if Sherlock was being particularly dimwitted.
“Mmmhmm, just never had anyone to dance with before,” Sherlock said, his arms tightening fractionally around John’s waist.
Despite knowing John for less than a day, and accepting that their connection was only ever going to be temporary, Sherlock was surprised by the intensity of his feelings for this man. The surge of sentimentality, something he had not thought himself capable, nearly overwhelmed him. It was horrible yet he would not change a single moment. Out of all the possibilities, meeting John was the only thing of consequence that could have happened on his evening of freedom. Had their paths not crossed, he would have trundled about London, awkward and alone and thoroughly disillusioned.
"God bless you all. This is your victory! It is the victory of the cause of freedom in every land. In all our long history we have never seen a greater day than this. Everyone, man or woman, has done their best. Everyone has tried. Neither the long years, nor the dangers, nor the fierce attacks of the enemy, have in any way weakened the independent resolve of the British nation. God bless you all..."
Sherlock scanned the soldiers in front of him.  The two in the middle were clearly the leaders of the group, one tall and dark and the other stockier with blond hair.  The other two soldiers were laughing, seeming happy to go along with whatever shenanigans they stumbled across.  He touched his forehead and said, “Thanks for the song, chaps!”
“Er, thanks, Greg.” I rub the back of my neck, uncomfortable with any kind of heart-to-heart.  “And sorry to just spring this on you.”
“Well, besides being one of the most beautiful people on the planet, Sherlock, you’re also intellectually appealing, you know?  Like most people could never remotely comprehend what’s going on in that amazing brain of yours.  It’s incredibly sexy.”  It’s out before I can stop it -- wine clearly gone to my head.
“Exactly. Thank you, John. There is no urgency whatsoever.” He turned back to the Major and said, “I shall meet you and Mycroft at an agreed rendezvous point, is that not what you say in the Army?  John can escort me there, and he is a man of his word.”
“Oh, what do you know?  You’ve never had your life splashed across the front page of the papers!” Sherlock spits out, wrenching his arm away.  The room goes silent.
I shrug against him.  “Sorry, sorry.  I mean I’ll actually be attending a gallery opening at the V&A.”
Obviously I have no idea what to make of that, but I will admit that it sounds remarkably sexy coming from Sherlock, his lush mouth caressing the words.  The women around the table swoon.
The one in the green dress looked him up and down before turning to her friend and raising an eyebrow. Her friend smiled and nodded shyly, which Sherlock counted as a success.
Finding it alongside Mycroft’s on the second rack along the wall, Sherlock threw it around his shoulders and walked towards the door across from him.  Best make this a quick escape.  Pressing his ear to the carved oak, Sherlock couldn’t make out any sounds on the other side, but was not certain it wouldn’t deposit him in another reception room. It seemed quiet, however, and a better option than returning to the dull party behind him or staying in this cloakroom.
The Colonel took two steps up so he was even with Sherlock and clasped his hands behind his back.  He was standing so close that Sherlock could smell the alcohol and tobacco on him, underpinned by the tang of sweat.  “Watch your tone, young man.”
When I emerge back onto the street outside Ladbroke Grove Station, my phone chimes.  Assuming it’s from Sherlock, I’m already grinning like an idiot as I pull my mobile from my pocket and swipe it open.
Behind them, the sight of the horse-drawn carriage that followed caused a lump to form in John’s throat. It suddenly seemed nearly impossible for a man as great as the King to be consigned to that small box. John remembered him as an impressive figure, both in stature and in presence, and the coffin that rested on the carriage seemed too small for him. He could only get glimpses of it between the members of the King’s Guard who marched on either side, but the sight of the crown resting atop it gave John the feeling of immense sadness and finality.
“Sherlock,” she says, a bit breathlessly, and then valiantly tries to pull it together.  “I mean, hi and welcome!  Please come --”
Well, he’d seen Sherlock do any number of ridiculous things, including whipping a corpse and taking the tube with a harpoon while covered in blood.  Sherlock could just piss off.
Sliding his hands to Sherlock’s face, John looked at him on more time, a question in his eyes, and waited for Sherlock’s answer.  Sherlock looked back, disbelief flitting across his countenance, before he gave a minute nod and his eyes zeroed in on John’s lips.
“I know!” the soldier burst out, before catching himself and promptly saluting. “I mean, I know, sir. That’s where I went - to fetch help from the barracks just there. I didn’t want to leave him, honest! I just wanted to help him!”
They sipped their tea in silence, John’s mind still occupied by what-ifs. Eventually, he set down his empty cup on the side table, careful to place it on its saucer so as not to leave behind any marks on the fine wood. The clock on the mantel showed quarter to six. Dinner would be served at the hospital soon and he should probably be there to help with the evening’s duties. Reluctantly, he rubbed his hands on his thighs and said, “It's getting late. I should probably get going.”
“Goodbye, John.”  He extends the hand not occupied by the Hobnob and I find my own dwarfed in his grip.  Releasing my fingers, he steps through the door and heads down the stairs.  I watch him for a moment, close the door and proceed to lean against it, arms extended and palms pressing into the wood to ground myself a bit.
2. I doubt demerit is an actual word used by the Met, but I didn’t know what they’d call it and I was too lazy to search for the correct term.  We’ll go with demerit!
“Okay, yes, we learned of a party near Curzon Road and ventured there after Trafalgar Square,” Sherlock began grudgingly, and then the rest just tumbled out, an unstoppable rush of words. “That, however, did not turn out as we expected so we were seeking out another public house in Knightsbridge, when we came across an injured soldier, and John, being an Army medic, assessed his injuries and ensured he remained in stable condition until an ambulance arrived. Seeing as he had quite a serious head wound, I do worry for what would have become of the young soldier had John not been there to treat him. He truly is a hero and a credit to his Majesty’s army.”
The question catches me completely off guard.  Not one to pay attention to the tabloids, I’m always out of the loop on celebrity gossip.  It hadn’t occurred to me that Sherlock might have a girlfriend or a boyfriend.  Sherlock is quiet beside me and for a long moment, I think he’s not going to answer, and I’m not quite sure what I would do if that was the case.  The entire table has gone silent, although the others are trying to pretend like they aren’t zeroed in on Sherlock’s response.
“Yes, of course.   I phoned him as soon as the man left.  The police came in for a statement and a description of him earlier.”
John felt dazed, and it must have showed on his face because Sherlock’s expression shifted and he set down his teacup.
“William,” Papa scolded, turning an unimpressed gaze on his younger son.  “I am granting you permission to take in the atmosphere outside the palace because of the importance of this day.  However, you are still my son and a crowned prince of this realm.  I will not see you disgracing your name or this house by gallivanting through the crowds in the streets.  You go to the Ritz or you remain here.  Those are your choices.”
1. Because my lovely beta asked, the definition of a fascinator is “a woman's light, decorative headpiece consisting of feathers, flowers, beads, etc. attached to a comb or hair clip” (thanks, dictionary.com) and some of them are RIDICULOUS -- please go Google ‘fascinator’ for hours of entertainment.  Just so you can fully picture it, I imagine Harry’s zany fascinator looks something like this:
“Welcome back,” Naga Munchetty says, perfectly manicured hands clasped together in her lap.   “You know him for his appearances in the West End, on the silver screen, and in blockbuster films, however it was a revelation about a past stint in rehab that landed Sherlock Holmes in the headlines last week.  The story, which first appeared in the Daily Mail, alleges that over a decade ago, Mr. Holmes spent three months in a rehab facility in Switzerland overcoming an addiction to cocaine.  The actor, who is notoriously tight-lipped about his private life, released a statement over the weekend confirming that he was previously admitted to a rehab programme but not commenting on any of the other details that appeared in the original article.”
“I’m sorry to drop in on you so unexpectedly and I’m sure my appearance at your door is inconvenient if not entirely unwanted, but. . .”  He’d started with typical Sherlockian fervor, like he’s delivering a line in one of his films, but then he falters, words drying up.  He stares at the ground for a moment, hands straining against his pockets, and then he looks up to meet my eye.  “I didn’t know where else to go.”
“Blacklist the topic.  He shouldn’t be answering questions about this issue on his press tour.  It will detract from the film and his bid for nominations.”
After a beat, we meet in the middle, lips crashing together as Sherlock’s large hands come up to cup my face, his palms warm against my cheeks, fingers pushing into my hair.  This kiss is nothing like our first -- it’s like a tidal wave dragging me under, Sherlock’s lips and tongue moving against mine in a tumult; hot, wet, and rather messy.  I haven’t been kissed like this in ages, if ever.
I’m also overwhelmed by the fact that he’s here at all.  The hurt from before is still there, tender around the edges because I don’t really understand why he ended things and left like he did.  Yet another thing we haven’t talked about, I suppose, and maybe we never will.  Perhaps this is just a momentary safe haven and nothing more.  But he did choose me, a man he knew briefly nearly half a year ago, to share his distress, and now he is here in my flat again, fifteen feet away, separated by two thin walls.  I don’t know what that means.
Molly interjects, “Well, let’s go inside and wait for the others to arrive.  Greg, maybe you could get them a drink?  What do you guys want?”
⟪Oh god, John, ignore Greg. He’s been giddy all morning. I mean, we both have but still ignore him. We’re just happy for you!!! X⟫
⟪After seeing the state of your dinner plate last night, I feel a responsibility to ensure that you have a proper meal.  I know a place -- Angelo’s on Northumberland Street.  Meet me there at 7? SH⟫
⟪It’s come to my attention that you’ve made the acquaintance of Sherlock Holmes. I strongly suggest you sever your connection with him immediately.⟫
My brain scrambles around for a second, before settling on, “Just some paperwork for the shop.”  I don’t look at Sherlock to see if he buys it, instead I grasp the bars between my hands and step up onto the ledge.
Worry over Sherlock’s situation continues to niggle at me for the rest of the day, seeping into my head so that as I go about my work, my attention is divided between the task at hand and the man currently hiding out in my flat.  As we begin preparing to close up for the night, my phone pings with a text alert.
It’s not until everyone’s nearly finished eating that I realise what’s been going on -- Sherlock has deftly steered the conversation throughout the evening, focusing on anything and everything but him.  He asks questions, changes topics and deflects masterfully; it’s impressive to watch, once I realise what he’s doing, especially in comparison to my usual hopeless attempts at conversation.  However, it’s inevitable that someone finally shines the spotlight on him.
On screen, Charlie continues, “Hello, Sherlock, thank you for joining us.  We wish it could be under different circumstances, but we’re pleased to chat with you nonetheless.”
“Erm. . .”  I’m not sure what to say as I stand in my pants, holding the takeaway coffees.  I wish Sherlock would hurry up and get out here to deal with her so I can get dressed properly.  When he does emerge, he’s simply wrapped in the bedsheet, which does not help the situation in the slightest.
My heart stutters and I inhale sharply.  Before I can answer his question, the bell above the door rings again and Harry swans in, a chaotic swirl of layers and scarves.
After a short corridor, John led them into a large hall packed with people. At one end was a bar and at the other was a low stage, on which the band was arranged.
Charlie nods approvingly.  “That seems like a very positive outlook to have when details of your personal life have been spilled to the public.”
Ten minutes later, I’m at my door.  I take a deep breath before putting the key in the lock and pushing into my flat.
“Is the proper response ‘thanks’ to a statement like that?”  Sherlock looks even more confused after Mike’s explanation.  “Well, perhaps I want to hear about my competition for the Brownie of Despair?  If I’m a contender for being a closeted actor, moping about the state of my life, putting up with rumoured girlfriends and other tabloid gossip, then I want to know why you all think you deserve the brownie, too.”
I throw my hands up in the air.  “But that is exactly what he wants!  If you go, he wins, this crazy stalker of yours wins!  The police are on it, we can do something to figure out who he is and get a restraining order or something.”
“No, not really. I just was thinking about how quickly things can change. I did not anticipate snogging you on the kitchen table when I started doing the washing up.” They’re still pressed so closely together that John goes slightly crossed-eyed while they have this conversation.
“And how is Mycroft coping with being king?” John felt that it might be impertinent to ask, but he was curious, and doubted Sherlock would call him out on such a thing.
Sherlock meets my eye for a moment, a glint of hardness there.  “The fame thing isn't really real, you know.”
Releasing the gear stick, Sherlock raised his left hand to wave in reply, before taking the turn that blocked John from his view.
“You do realise that we’re heading away from there, yeah?” John said.  “And anyway, he’s driving me at the moment, so it really doesn't matter where you want to go as you’re not his fare.”
“Good.  Let me know what you hear so we can quash any future leaks,” the woman says, turning from Mycroft back to Sherlock.  “Well, it’s out now so we need to decide how we want to respond.  We lost our chance of getting out in front of it when you bolted yesterday, Sherlock, so now it’s all about spin.  We can release a short statement addressing the rumours -- they have evidence so we can’t deny it, just ensure that it fits our narrative.  Perhaps gain some sympathy points, which shouldn’t be too hard considering half of the public is already in your corner.”
