As the paramedics got their patient on a stretcher and prepared for transport, John started to have trouble hearing their words over a roaring in his ears.
Sherlock blinked, clearly startled by the request. He glanced at John searchingly, and receiving John’s minute nod, acquiesced with only minor poor grace. The door clicked shut behind him, though his silhouette could be clearly seen through the shades, seeming to guard the door.
“There, you see?” Sherlock indicated the screen, where several people strolled obliviously to and fro on the path, noticing nothing. There were an elderly couple walking slowly and looking out over the water, a small group of joggers navigating around them in a loose pack, and a bike messenger weaving in and out among them all, narrowly avoiding a collision with a petite woman in a yellow flowered sundress and cardigan who was carrying a thin fabric shopping bag over her shoulder. Her mouth moved with a protest and she flashed a rude sign at the biker as he pedaled on his way. The elder couple turned their heads with eyebrows raised - likely at the woman’s language, going by her gesture. She shook her head and hustled onward, leaving the park behind.
Sherlock spun and crossed to the window overlooking Baker Street, muttering under his breath and making little shooting gestures with his hands at the TV. "A client!" he said.
Duck blinked at the abrupt change of subject, but resumed listening intently as John shook himself and went on.
“Oh god, John,” he was again lifted to a sitting position, but this time to be held tightly against a wiry chest, a long-fingered hand stroking through his hair. “John, please,” a warm kiss landed on his cheek, another on his lips -
It was as if a dam had burst in his mind, flooding him with visual snapshots of his friend and moving on to fill in all the little spaces left over with smells
As he skidded to a stop, he uttered a yelp of surprise and chagrin at almost crashing into her. John shook his head to clear the cobwebs, and stammered an apology, asking if she was alright.
,” he spat the word with sarcastic derision, “so I don’t go round the bend at the drop of a hat. I don’t want them to treat me differently. I’m still me. I had a rough patch, yeah, but god willing, I’m past it.” He blew out an aggravated breath and scrubbed at his hair again, making it stick up in unruly spikes.
They spent a convivial half hour drinking tea around the table while Rosie played with her food, eventually cramming most of it in her mouth. Amina caught John up on the neighborhood gossip, Rosie’s recent antics, and the results of her latest checkup, which had occurred earlier that week. “An’ she’s up to date on her vaccinations; I’ve got th’ paperwork in her folder when you want to look it over. She landed solid in the 49th percentile for weight and height, so no worries there.” Amina chucked her charge gently on the chin. “That’s our perfectly average wee monster now, innit? Grrr!”
Spike’s rage had grown more visible with every word that tumbled out of Davies’s mouth. “Don’t call me Gary - my name is Spike.”
John rocked his head on the pillow in denial. He was a wreck, and a monster, and a failure, and nothing would ever be right again.
John kissed Sherlock on the kitchen table and Sherlock responded wonderfully, melting into the kiss and wrapping his arms around him and holding him like he needed him.
Sherlock despised poetry. Riddles were one thing—they were based in logic. Poetry had nothing to do with logic. It was nothing more than a mess of emotional vomit—sticky and noxious with its unbridled excesses: whining, pathetic sorrow; syrupy, sickening love; idiotic, babbling joy. Nothing he could work with. Of course Mycroft would have known that. A puzzle he couldn’t solve.
John heard his own breath rough and heavy in his ears and was gratified to hear Sherlock panting from the effort as well. It seemed that John Watson, who would never hold a candle to Sherlock’s intellect, was a decent match for him physically.
He had just grabbed his coat from the couch where it had been tossed when he heard the doorknob turn. He stood stock-still as it opened, and he dropped his coat to the floor when he saw who was standing in the doorway.
If Sherlock hadn’t thrown out the receipt, John would have shredded it. It was, by far, the most flattering thing he’d ever worn. It fit him somehow even better than his wedding suit. The cut was slimmer and the material exquisite. It had obviously been tailored exactly to his measurements.
And wasn’t it everything John had wanted? He didn’t give a damn about politeness and coddling—the kind of anxious, careful courtesy people use to walk on eggshells around each other. Wasn’t the lack of all that what had attracted John to Sherlock in the first place? His directness and his disregard of the social niceties that trapped everyone else into hollow small talk and fixed smiles. John had done
“What on earth are you on about?” John asked, marvelling at his raving flatmate. And then more forcefully, “And what do you mean ‘should have been?’”
It didn’t happen often, but occasionally John caught a window into Sherlock’s thought process. The detective had very few tells, but in all their time spent together John had learned to read a few of them. This one, he knew, was an expression of Sherlock’s annoyance at social media. He felt people broadcasting their locations and activities around the clock made his job too easy. In the past when John had retorted that he didn’t
“Cor, this is going to be the most bloody expensive fare I’ve had in ages,” the driver said gleefully. “You better be able to pay all this.”
Sherlock Holmes straightened his jacket, leaned up, and tucked the note into the band of the stripper’s thong. The people around the stage whistled and clapped and she moved on to the next group.
to explain to him that half the success of the dance is appearing confident and relaxed. John currently looked like someone had a gun to his head. Actually it was a bad metaphor because John was much more relaxed when someone had a gun to his head.
It was improbable, the whole thing was absurdly improbable and yet no more so than anything else they’d been through. They lived together at the intersection of incredible occurrence and improbable circumstance and perhaps it wasn’t all that surprising that this would conform to the same pattern. Sherlock was right. Of course he was right. The smug bastard was always right.
John grinned. Sometimes Sherlock reminded him of a printer. If you send a request to a printer while it’s busy, the request waits in queue and is processed only after the previous task is complete. Sherlock, he knew, would not be too keen on this metaphor, which was why he’d kept it out of his blog so far. A supercomputer, maybe, but a printer… probably not.
“Oh,” John said a little awkwardly, half turning from where he’d been watching the kettle. “I was going to meet Mike and the Barts group at the pub tonight.”
"She was worried, so I told her I'd come up to check if you were here…" she trailed off. "Should I not tell her you're here?" she asked conspiratorially.
The plan was almost absurdly simple. But then, John knew better than most how simple it really was to kill a man. Especially if you happened not to be concerned with the consequences.
“I wasn’t trying to make it interesting for you. This is my holiday, Sherlock, not a puzzle for you to solve. Believe it or not, some things have nothing to do with you at all.”
Molly turned to Mary. “And Mary, leave him alone. You didn’t see how hard Sherlock worked on that antidote. I did. He almost killed himself inventing it and it’s the only reason John's alive right now.”
Moriarty—his brain’s representation of its own weaknesses—with the gun on his tongue, sinking down, lower, until he was looking up at Sherlock, barrel of the gun in his mouth… Even Sherlock didn’t need a Viennese analyst to read the meaning in that image.
The lock had broken again tonight and with a sinking sense of dread it occurred to him that he might not be able to do it anymore. There was too much piling up. Apart from family, there had never been anyone present in Sherlock’s life long enough to acquire such massive amounts of information about, and certainly no one to collect so many Feelings about. He had never tested his limits before, and grimly he was aware that he must be reaching them now.
When Mrs. Bennis answered the door Sherlock went straight to her living room windows, leaving John to deal with the niceties of accepting an offer of tea and thanking her for granting them an interview. She looked to be in her early seventies, primly dressed, with thick prescription glasses which made her eyes look very large.
There were multiple other doors in the building but he wagered they would be locked. Also, he was not optimistic about his ability to outrun anybody in his current state. Running wasn’t an option; fighting didn’t seem to be one either. His muscles were practically useless at this point. He briefly wondered if he should just allow the man to kill him and save some dignity in the process. But he supposed John would never forgive him for that.
“The average mind is far more simply placated than mine,” Sherlock said, voice dangerously low. “Of course it’s easier for normal people to entertain themselves; they’re like
Sherlock jumped up from the chair and walked over to the wall where he’d pinned the pictures of the corpses with all of their information. He clasped his hands behind his back as he studied the layout.
"Neil Parker had a collection of original edition action figures valued at over ten thousand pounds. Supposedly word got out and amateur burglar Stanley Howard broke into his flat. He was surprised, however, to find Parker at home when he was expected to be out. In a panic Howard shot Parker five times in the chest."
John knelt down and held the boy’s arms. There were tears in Sherlock’s eyes but he looked at John steadily.
John had kissed him. Once, lightly, chastely, and then again more firmly, intentionally, but pulling back soon after—not insisting, not asking for anything. The kiss had been brief, like a statement. An affirmation. But it had been tender too—a gentleness Sherlock didn’t expect to be directed toward him. John was often rough with him, pushing back harder whenever Sherlock pushed him. But Sherlock hadn’t pushed him this time.
Mrs. Hudson didn't miss the way he stepped forward, territorially placing himself slightly in front of John. She sighed inwardly. It was funny how in some ways young men were all the same, even Sherlock. He didn't seem to be aware of the unconscious shift in his stance. But Nathan stood up, body probably instinctually reading what his mind was too busy with alcohol to notice.
Sherlock turned from Mary and dropped down into his chair. Mary took a deep breath and looked toward John.
People often assumed Sherlock liked silence just because he told them to shut up all the time. But, as usual, they were wrong. Although he despised people's insipid blathering, he didn’t like silence. More often than not he needed sound to think. Sherlock did his best thinking while playing the violin, or talking to John. He liked to talk. After all, people who have remarkable things to say should talk more often than other people. (It’s just as that rabbit from that children’s film had said, “If you can't say anything interesting, don’t say anything at all.” Sherlock firmly believed the world would be a better place if more people followed this advice, even if it had been said by a talking rabbit.)
John sincerely hoped there wasn’t any kind of afterlife, because he knew that if even the smallest piece of him went on he wouldn’t feel anything but pain for missing Sherlock.
"Fine," Sherlock said, standing up. He gripped the table he'd been sitting at and pushed it up against the wall.
John leaned against the doorframe and watched the world’s only consulting detective fill the room with heart-rending music that sang of love: the longing and passion of desire, the devastation of loss, and the elation of fulfilment. He couldn’t believe that someone who had never been in love—someone who self-purportedly didn’t have the time or interest for love—could so adeptly reach the heart of a piece of music and bear it so openly.
If he was not feeling indulgent, which was more often the case, he simply dodged Sherlock on the front path, lifting him up over his shoulder and carrying him through the house—Sherlock struggling and shouting commands to attack his captor at Redbeard, who insubordinately trotted alongside Mycroft—and putting him down again in the back garden. (Sherlock had always been such a skinny child; it was almost laughably easy to carry him even when he fought. He gave their mother a constant headache by refusing to eat. Even sweets could rarely hold his interest.) Mycroft would lock the sliding glass door behind him for an hour of peace in which he could study, and Captain Shezza and his faithful First Mate Redbeard could go after less challenging foes.
, John thought. What had happened next? Had he just simply walked into Sherlock’s bedroom? No he’d been confused…
He replayed the events of yesterday: Sherlock appearing in Ireland, the fight on the cliffs, sharing the hotel room…
Almost unconsciously John pushed Sherlock’s fringe, messy from the struggle, back from his eyes. He should be angry, he knew any sane person would be, but he sighed and when he spoke all that came out was, “I knew you weren’t going to make pasta, you git.” He blamed it on the endorphins flooding in the wake of adrenaline. Sherlock was alive. When he’d seen him through the window he’d thought—
Sherlock blinked, refocusing on John. He sucked in a breath and said, “Fine, erm… Yes, I’m fine. Erm… Something to drink? Tea?”
John continued, “It wasn’t a great moment for me when you told me that out of everyone you know, including twenty-five homeless people, I’m the one you trust the least. It took me a while to get used to the idea, but I got it. I get it.”
For the hell of it, John tried to jump up as quickly as Sherlock had. His newly vertical position was accompanied by a rush of dizziness and he grabbed the back of his chair to steady himself. Drugs and sleep deprivation were not a good combination. Fun though, he had to admit, casting his mind back over the previous night.
Sherlock took a few seconds to scan his record of conversations with John. He concluded with certainty, “I never said that.”
They were sitting at the table in the living room. Sherlock had slid very low in his chair, long legs stretched out beneath the table. He’d been staring at Tony Bauer’s Facebook page intensely for some time.
Billy drifted in and out, sticking around for a while to help weigh and measure chemicals. He was surprisingly handy in the lab—Molly knew he had a background in making drugs—and he was actually a better than fair chemist. This, though, was out of his league. It was out of Molly’s league. She expected it would be out of anyone’s league if it were at the limit of Sherlock’s.
“Maybe just a bit of olive oil—” John froze. He had turned around to find Sherlock standing directly behind him, eyes none the less piercing for his lacking nutrition.
Sherlock grunted in response. Leave it to her to point out the one pleasant part of a nightmarish day. The old landlady was surprisingly good at Boggle. He would have to invent an excuse to get her to play it with him again.
Sherlock walked briskly and John kept pace. There were a few groups of people out, dressed in costume, laughing and shouting; it was late enough for the partiers to be reasonably drunk. In a block John could see the cemetery. It was lit only by the light of the streetlamps and surrounded by a chain-link fence. After hours. It would certainly be closed. They walked along the fence for another block.
“221B, Baker Street,” Sherlock said to the driver when John shut the door behind them. He turned to John. “You’ve thought about that blog title before. You didn’t just come up with it now.”
Dizzy, John tried to keep his thoughts from spiralling. What was it about Sherlock’s expression that was bothering him? It was panic. John had seen it on Sherlock before but never when Sherlock’s own death was imminent—not in the times he had faced Moriarty and never when a gun was pointed in his face. No, Sherlock didn’t look like that when confronted with death. But he
Sherlock rolled his eyes and John thought Sherlock must be the only person drugged with heroin who could still manage exasperation. He gestured limply out at the space of the warehouse, and for the first time John looked around.
“She doesn’t need both of us to go,” John said, aware that he was now probably talking more to his guilty conscience than to Sherlock. “As long as you’re going I’m sure she won’t mind if I skip it.”
He didn’t have a second to reach for his phone (to text John and Mycroft his coordinates) before the man lunged at him. Sherlock ducked, twisting at the same time to switch their positions. The bodyguard grabbed his collar and he bonelessly shrugged off his coat. It gave him just enough time. He reached the door, throwing himself against it. It opened an inch and then jammed against a chain. Someone had fastened a new chain on the door. Perhaps Moran wasn’t as enthusiastic about him living to see his surprise after all.
He supposed it was a bit ironic, thoughts of John causing him to reach for his syringe. Because just short of Mycroft there was no one who would disapprove more. He could almost see John’s tight lips, the tension in his jaw, expression a mixture of a doctor’s disdain and a friend’s concern.
“But”—Sherlock glared at her—“but I just had a text from Mary this morning! She said there was no change.”
Sherlock smiled and Lestrade wondered if it was the first real smile—not smirk—that he’d seen on the boy before.
But a few weeks later the boy showed up again, and then again some time later. His name was Sherlock Holmes, Lestrade learned, and of course no one listened to him. He sounded insane and he looked like an addict. He
John felt heat rushing to his face. His brain prepared to send out the standard ‘We’re not—’ response when he remembered they had told her they were from Scotland Yard. ‘Partner’ was probably a reference their police status. John relaxed a little and was able to consider her statement more neutrally.
you did it… would have additional…” He couldn’t believe he was saying this. As soon as Sherlock had shown up in London he’d determined never to speak of it, never to think of it again. “Never mind,” he said abruptly.
And Sherlock found that whenever he revisited Mendelssohn John was similarly affected. He asked who it was each time and laughed when Sherlock gave the same response. “I guess he must be my favourite then."
It wasn’t until the second day that she realised Sherlock had been intermittently snorting cocaine from the start, and that Billy had been slipping it to him on each of his visits. The only thing that kept her from slapping him across the face and dialling Lestrade immediately was the vague understanding that all of this was somehow connected to John. Based on Sherlock’s manic behaviour, the fact that John hadn’t appeared once in the lab, and despite John’s text claiming he was fine, Molly knew there was something wrong. It was only the thought that John could be in danger that made her hold her tongue.
“You know, just for future reference, pulling a gun and ordering someone to take their trousers down does tend to
He was so dizzy it was hard to see. He just needed to sleep. Sherlock’s wiry arms were around him—the lean strength of the detective’s body—it was comforting, like something he’d wanted all along.
Sherlock was standing in profile now: eyes still shut, only the occasional flutter of eyelashes or twitch of the mouth when the emotion of the piece shifted.
“I’ll hold you to that, Sherlock,” she said, severe eyes unblinking. “Because if he gets hurt, and you’re not dead first, know that I’ll kill you fast after.”
. Watson’s silly title, but really his own, for the fantasy his subconscious had created to rebel against what he’d very recently done: He’d lost John by saving his marriage. By protecting his abominable bride.
It didn’t matter what Sherlock wanted. He couldn’t stand back and watch his mind palace—his life’s work—be destroyed by tidal waves of sentiment. He couldn’t lose everything he was, everything he had built himself to be—he couldn’t lose it all to intoxicating floods of desire. He couldn’t be Sherlock Holmes without clarity of mind.
The sincerity in Sherlock’s artless words had an immediate impact on John. He felt his anger evaporating and the tension leaving his muscles. But still he hesitated. He was well acquainted with Sherlock’s talent as an actor. He searched his face for clues that the detective was pretending. But John knew that when Sherlock was acting it was usually in order to fake emotion: sympathy and smiles in exchange for information, distress in exchange for forgiveness, tears to sell a ruse. Sherlock’s total lack of emotional expression now suggested sincerity. No ticking bombs, no desperate overtures, just Sherlock on his back in the grass waiting for John’s response.
Sherlock waited, wondering why he hadn't let him go. The scent of John's hair was laced with honey and Sherlock remembered this was his favourite of John's shampoos (the better ones he'd convinced John to buy after tossing out the cheap ones that do more damage than good, back when he'd lived at Baker Street).
“You’ll be fine. If my theory is correct it’s just a mood-elevating drug, like the kind found in nightclubs but probably milder. I would imagine the prostitutes use it to ensure their clients get the most for their money.”
John had rolled onto his right side and Sherlock rolled to his left so they were facing each other. John moved closer and put his left arm around him. He was warm; Sherlock could feel his body heat. He slid lower, and tucked his face into the base of John's throat. John tightened his hold, and as though it were natural, a repeated action and not a new one, Sherlock slipped his knee between John's thighs. Warmth; muscles generate heat.
It was a new level of genius for Sherlock and Mycroft was impressed. He had a good knowledge of chemistry himself, but he’d never been passionate about it the way Sherlock was. Mycroft had never been given to passion of any kind. Generally he viewed it as an unnecessary excess of emotion. But passion was Sherlock’s greatest strength as well as his biggest flaw. It drove him to breathtaking heights, but gave him much further to fall. Mycroft had always been steadier, climbing securely from one place to the next, always in control. The result was that he occupied arguably the most powerful position in England while Sherlock was internet-famous for being the detective in the funny hat.
“Busywork. They’re just going to say they were hired to do it—pawns in the game. I’ll be interested again when they have a lead on who hired them. I can’t do the job of every single officer at Scotland Yard.” He sneered, “Well I
The day hadn’t been a total waste. Sherlock had compiled the evidence trail connecting Rodgers, Parker, Riley and Elliot tracing all the way back through Monroe’s, Karina, and right up to Moran: a connect-the-dots simple enough to execute even with a soggy mind palace (drained since the morning but still quite damp). He’d then sent off the information to Lestrade. He would have liked to include the drug deal and murders from last night, but he wouldn’t complain about it. John would just put on that song again about not always being able to get what you want and Sherlock hated that. It was an irritating concept.
But there was no disapproval in Sherlock’s expression. In fact, if anything he looked faintly impressed. While John normally savoured the rare instances he could impress the consulting detective, he was in no mood to appreciate it now.
He laid his head back down on John’s bed, stroking his thumb over John’s wrist as his consciousness slipped away.
“Good to see you, John.” He nodded. John was smiling, clearly in a good mood. Lestrade was glad to see it. He’d seen less of John since the wedding, but each time they met John had seemed… Depressed? No, that wasn’t it. Tired? More like
From his position in the doorway it seemed clear to John that Sherlock was not going to respond anytime soon. Taking advantage of his friend's paralysis he said, “Ok, I’ll just come in then.”
“That’s true.” John said, smiling. He turned his head to look at a point across the car park that Sherlock couldn’t see.
“It’s all about balance,” Mycroft explained breezily. “Sherlock is bound to be displeased with me for sending him home the other night. However, if I send you home early the balance is restored.”
“Two men, brothers, late-twenties. Lestrade’s holding them until the trial. He’s got enough evidence to strap them with a long sentence. Said he offered to reduce it for the name of the man who hired them, but they won’t talk.”
in the kitchen three days ago. Not a word. Three days. Sherlock had shoved him back and left him there and god knows where he’d been since.
John shook his head. He didn’t need the reminder of how Sherlock felt about his friends, and how, allegedly, his friends felt about him. For his birthday one year the detective had given him a study he’d written called “An Examination of Hatred in Close Proximity,” based, he was assured, entirely on John’s friends’ body language. Instead of getting upset about a birthday present that boiled down to ‘Scientific Proof All of Your Friends Hate You,’ John had found it funny, and even laughed out loud while reading it. It was accurate, of course it was; it was based on Sherlock's observations. But somehow he hardly minded. His friends were fun for a lark—a few beers once a month, sure, but he wasn’t particularly crazy about any of them either.
More than a little irked, Sherlock reminded him, “Unless the problem was whether to prattle prosaically or babble senselessly, I didn’t hear a dilemma in any of that.”
Sherlock’s throat felt dry. Possibilities for sentences were sluggish about forming in his mind. Despicable
He pulled down his trousers wondering fleetingly if this were one of those Bit Not Good things, but responded to himself indignantly that he was not going to sleep in military trousers
John’s eyes flashed. “You are flesh and blood. You bruise and you break just like the rest of us. Look at your neck for Christ’s sake!”
It really did nothing to improve his mood when he arrived back at Baker Street to find Sherlock in the shower.
John watched in resignation as the mad detective rushed around the room, banging drawers open and shut, and then in dismay as he realised the things Sherlock was haphazardly tossing from the wardrobe were his.
John looked at their latest target’s cover photo. It had been taken at a wedding, and it showed the groomsmen with their arms slung over each other’s shoulders, some laughing some looking at the camera. John almost felt sorry for the guy. They didn’t even have a plan yet, but he was fairly certain that of all the possible solutions to this particular dilemma, zero of them were going to involve a pleasant evening for Tony Bauer.
“You want to do experiments on me? Hm? You want to manipulate my life according to what you think is best for me?”
When Sherlock climbed Mycroft didn’t prevent him from falling. When he reached for something dangerous Mycroft let him have it. When he hurt himself Mycroft let him cry. These were valuable lessons. When they played games he never let Sherlock win. The little boy threw fits about it, but Mycroft could tell his brother held him in higher respect than their parents.
Sherlock peeled off his own and dropped down onto the couch to unlace his shoes. Something caught John’s attention and he walked to stand in front of Sherlock, who looked up at him with questioning eyes.
They had to put him down, that much was clear. Redbeard was old, ten years old. The veterinarian said the lifespan for dogs like Redbeard was between ten and twelve years. Expensive surgeries were halfheartedly discussed for Sherlock’s sake. But the vet shook his head, explaining invasive surgeries would be difficult for an old dog. They would only prolong the inevitable, and not for very long. Sherlock was nine years old. He would be devastated.
He only waited an instant to see Reeves fall from the fire escape (confirming he’d hit his target and there was no danger of a third shot) before whirling around to check Sherlock. The panic that had seized him when he heard the other shot dissipated when he saw Sherlock looking up at him, startled, before leaping to his feet, clearly unharmed. John had pulled Sherlock aside in time; Reeves had missed his mark.
She bit her lip, more furious with herself than she’d ever been. She had miscalculated. When she’d turned from Magnussen and shot Sherlock she had placed a bet that if it came down to it, John would choose her over Sherlock. And a year later, standing in the kitchen and looking into John’s icy, dark blue eyes, she lost that bet.
Sherlock sprang away from the door and just managed to grab the closest slide from the table when the door reopened. He pretended to study it disinterestedly as John walked back into the room.
There wasn’t enough air. His body was numb. His ears were ringing with the sound of Moran’s voice and the deafening silence in the room. John was talking, asking him something. Sherlock couldn’t hear it. The silence was too loud.
The emotions surrounding John in his mind had only become harder to contend with after that. He had thought perhaps things would stabilise after John’s wedding. But then John left Mary and came back to Baker Street and it was everything Sherlock had wanted until that night in the cemetery when he’d realised it wasn’t. It wasn’t enough.
when he discovered the only reason John was excitedly asking for it was because it had been in some war film he liked. But John finally wore him down, using the sort of puppy-eyes that shouldn’t be allowed to hold any influence over the great classical pieces of music history. He played the required “Ride” section of the opera and John clapped and shouted, “Yeah that was brilliant!”
“You will get out of my way or I will put you out of my way.” The detective’s words were dripping with venom.
“The construction of that question doesn’t allow for a logical answer,” Sherlock muttered, tacking the reports on the corpses next to their photos.
But as John brushed his teeth his irritation gave way to anticipation. A case. Their first case together since he’d left Mary. Of course he’d been working with Sherlock while he was with Mary, but he knew it would be different this time. No constant phone calls to check in, no leaving early to be home for dinner and no guilt if he missed dinner. No games half-played only to be interrupted by dull reality. He’d be playing full-time again, and now there was no one to drag him back. He remembered Mycroft’s words from the night they met: “When you walk with Sherlock Holmes you see the battlefield.” John grinned and thought,
Sherlock was digging in his pocket and when John looked up again he was holding out the small container he’d seen in Alexa’s room.
John kept his door ajar and it was easy to push it open. From his position in the doorway he could see John tossing and turning, muttering incoherently, hands working, jaw clenching. But Sherlock never woke him. He knew John would be embarrassed, like the first night. So instead Sherlock waited, watching, muscles tensed, standing by in case… In case what? He didn’t know. But he stayed anyway, ducking back away from the door if John woke up or eventually turning away after John stilled and his breathing steadied.
Mycroft was pushing him into a car, slamming the door shut. Sherlock barely heard him give the address before he blacked out.
Sherlock groaned and closed his eyes as he watched the other man come apart. He kissed him softly on the temple and pulled the blanket over his head so he could lick his hand clean. Once he was finished, he tucked John back into his trousers and fastened them. He popped his head back up and smiled at his husband, "did you enjoy that?" he asked quietly.
John couldn't believe how gorgeous this place was. The sun was filtering through the canopy of trees, catching on the pollen and making streams of gold light from high up in the sky. And with Sherlock holding onto him, the vibrations of his voice against his back, everything just seemed perfect. He turned around in Sherlock's arms and smiled up at him. "You would share this beautiful place with me?"
John started eating, leaning into Sherlock's side. "I'm always in a good mood when I'm with you." He stayed against Sherlock as he continued eating.
John grinned and took a seat. "Thank you, Mr. Holmes," he said with a wink. He waited for Sherlock to sit before he started to eat. Just like everything else he'd had at Sherlock's house, it was amazing. "I think I'm going to have all my meals here," he said with a mouthful of french toast. "I never eat like this at home."
John followed Sherlock, trying to keep up, but he was a fast runner with those damn long legs. Luckily (or unluckily) he finally found him curled up on the floor, having another episode. He felt like he might cry himself to see Sherlock this way again. How was he going to get through to him this time? Kneeling down next to him, John tried to stop his rocking and hug him. "Come on, Sherlock, please...You know that I love you so much."
It was almost as though John could feel everything that Sherlock poured into the music. He suddenly saw himself and Sherlock dancing as well, feeling the love that they shared as if Sherlock's heart were singing directly to him. It wasn't much longer before his eyes fluttered open and he saw that Sherlock was actually playing. Well, of course he was. John could never come up with something so gorgeous in his imagination. He quietly propped himself up to watch and listen to his fiance's song.
Sherlock returned with his father then and they hugged tightly for several moments before Mr. Holmes pulled away and cupped his son's cheek, smiling at him. "I know you love that boy more than your own life, but I want you to remember that you are his life as well. When you marry him, you will become one person. Don't make any big decisions without him and remember that keeping yourself safe is important for his safety, too."
Sherlock's eyebrows shot up, "I... he..." he stuttered. His mother laughed, "Sherlock dear, you honestly think we didn't know? Come now, you know where you get that intuition from." she winked and to Sherlock's surprise, his father was not angry, but smiling.
"Ohh, fuck..." John bucked back into Sherlock's hips. "So full...Go hard, Sherlock." He dug his fingers into the leather, almost enough to scratch.
John grinned and closed his eyes happily. "I love you, too, Sherlock. With all my heart and soul." He stroked Sherlock's cheek, pulling back again to stare at his perfect face. He had always been happy with Sherlock, and always would be, but he had to say this was the happiest moment of his life.
"My pleasure." John rolled off the bed, landing on his feet and holding out a hand for Sherlock. "I have to warn you though. My shower is a bit tight."
Sherlock beamed down at his husband, "yes, you are... In so many ways, love." He leaned down to press a loving kiss to John's lips as they danced.
John was in awe watching Sherlock. His movements were so graceful, his entire being involved in the music. It was a beautiful sight, and he found himself captivated. That this perfect creature could love him so was a miracle. He smiled as he caught Sherlock's eye and when he was finished, he applauded. "You never cease to amaze me, Sherlock," he said, getting up to kiss him.
John grinned, glad that Sherlock was getting something that he could actually stomach to drink. He turned back to the view as he waited for his fiance, marveling at how beautiful everything looked, just because the sun had gone down.
Finally, John excused himself as well and went to find Sherlock. He saw the bathroom door closed and knocked softly. "Sherlock?"
John unbuttoned Sherlock's shirt completely, pushing it aside so that the entire expanse of his front was visible. He smoothed his hands over his lover's body, groaning as he felt Sherlock's fingers on him. "Fuck, Sherlock..." he choked out, moving his lips to Sherlock's breastbone.
Sherlock pulled back far enough to look into John's eyes, "Tomorrow will be harder... The way the other lawyer asks the questions is never very kind. But, I'm sure father won't let Ms. Rodin get too carried away..." He was worried for his fiancé and stroked the side of his face, frowning. "I wish I wasn't such a coward and could testify... That way you wouldn't have to face this alone."
John felt a lump welling in his throat but he swallowed it down. He opened his mouth to say something, but he knew there was nothing he could say to fix this. The damage was done. So he just bowed his head and left the flat, holding back tears.
"You sure you don't need anymore rest?" Sherlock asked. He knew that they wouldn't be leaving the hospital until the morning and he wanted to make sure John was well rested before they got home. He had plans for him once they were alone with no chance of anyone interrupting.
John's eyes darted around the courtroom, for the first time taking in all the faces watching. He finally rested his eyes on Sherlock, and he could tell by the way that he was moving that he was doing those things for his benefit. It helped him relax a little, and he found himself glued to his fiance as he continued speaking.
Sherlock groaned as he felt his boyfriend's arousal slide against his own and full out moaned at his words. He leaned down to nip at John's earlobe. "I want you to imagine it now," he whispered huskily, "Imagine me inside you, pounding into you just like this." Sherlock rolled his hips faster, reaching down to wrap his hand around both of them.
Sherlock groaned and stuck one of his fingers in his mouth, wetting it and then taking it out of his mouth with a loud pop. He reached behind himself and started teasing open his entrance. "I'm... fingering myself now. I'm imagining it's you preparing me... Ohhh, fuck," Sherlock breathed as he penetrated himself.
John groaned, eyes glued to Sherlock. "God, Sher...you're too good at this." He locked Sherlock in place when they were face to face, arms around his waist. He wouldn't grind up against him yet, however, still enjoying his lover's rhythmic movements.
Sherlock bit back a smirk at John's reaction and turned to Mr. Watson with a smile. "Yes sir, if that's all right with you."
They ran up the stairs and one of the police tried to pull John away from Sherlock. He screamed and struggled, trying to get back to his boyfriend, to the other half of his very
Sherlock sat the gift down on the seat beside him and pulled John next to him, wrapping an arm around his waist and kissing him. "Thank you, love," he murmured and smiled. "I'll open it in a little bit, but first..." he reached down into the mini fridge and grabbed a bottle of champagne and two chilled glasses. He handed the glasses to John and worked on popping the bottle open.
Sherlock leaned into the touch and closed his eyes, focusing on every sensation and committing them to memory. He leaned up, blindly seeking his lover's lips, needing them to touch in every place possible.
!" Sherlock screamed his lover's name as he came apart. His voice echoed throughout the room and his muscles convulsed around John's cock as he finished.
John jumped, instantly flushing and hoping no one had seen that. He glared at Sherlock as they made it to the car park. "You started it, Mr. Ear-Nibbler." He flicked Sherlock on the nose and then opened the car door.
John shook his head again and wiped at his eyes. "No, I don't want to spoil the night," he said softly. "I was fine until we got separated. Then these girls showed up and they all smelt like booze and then I...they all looked like her." He didn't know how else to explain the one moment where he saw his sister everywhere.
Sherlock unzipped the bag and rooted through it, pushing aside the various items that would be used later. He pulled out what he was looking for, a bottle of flavoured lube and handed it to John with a smirk.
John let his head fall back with a moan as he was fully exposed. Everywhere that Sherlock touched, his muscles twitched. It was as though he were hardwired to Sherlock. He reached up to start undoing Sherlock's shirt, exposing the gorgeous pale skin which he proceeded to roam, fingers grazing the smooth lines of his body.
Sherlock sighed, but relented and picked up a chip and took a bite. He shrugged, "nothing special... I managed to make up all my work," he said and smiled, "now... I was serious when I said I'd tutor you in any classes you're having trouble with. I want to make sure you have the best chance of getting into Uni, I can't bear letting you go off fighting in some war." He frowned at the thought of it, of living without John by his side or even just a car ride away like he was now.
John pouted a little when Sherlock didn't seem to be reacting. He continued to wash downward, passing over the curve of his arse and to his legs, spending just longer on his thighs than the rest of them. Yes, he had said for Sherlock to keep his hands off. But he never made a stipulation for himself.
"No, it's not," John sighed, putting his hands over where Sherlock's rested on his stomach. "The next part is just the harder part." He paused, gathering his thoughts, and then went on. "Somehow Harry fell into a bad crowd, and she started drinking. I think deep down she wanted to anyway because of all the stress. She'd come home almost every night completely sloshed. Da was furious. He kept telling her that she was a bad influence on me, but she didn't seem to think so. He threatened to take away her car if she didn't stop. I wish he had..." He swallowed. The worst part was just around the corner.
"I am happy, because I have you. You can't blame yourself for my father's actions; he would have done that with any boy. And even if he doesn't ever want to speak to me again, it's worth it because I know that you're the one person that I need in my life. I love you, Sherlock Holmes. You complete me." He smiled at the other boy, trying to show him that every word was true.
It only took a few thrusts at the new angle. John screamed as his vision whited out, coming hard and fast all over his hand. The pleasure rushed through him, making his body writhe and leaving him almost numb to anything else. After the most powerful orgasm of his life, he finally slumped back and trying to catch his breath as his mind returned to the conscious world.
Sherlock smiled and held John close, sleeping more soundly that night than he ever had before. The next morning, he awoke with John still sleeping on top of him and he kissed his temple, smoothing his hands up and down his bare back, trying to wake him softly.
"Oh god, yes... John, please..." Sherlock moaned and looked up at his lover. He locked gazes with him and whispered, "I need you so badly."
John grinned and nodded. "Sounds good." He finally took his shoes off, feeling more comfortable, and sat on the edge of the bed. And oh...That was very nice. His bed at home was like a rock compared to this. "You know, you said to make myself at home and I think I might just do that," he said cheekily, pulling himself fully onto the bed and laying down with a laugh. He sprawled over the quilt, letting the plush warmth envelope him. "I'm rather jealous of your bed."
John kissed Sherlock back with fervor, keeping his body close so that they were touching at every possible place. He let Sherlock undress him fully and cried out softly when their hips bumped together. He returned each of Sherlock's kisses with the same intensity, arms around Sherlock's shoulders, nails dragging along his back.
John was more than a little nervous. He really didn't want to find out that his father was different than he thought, but it was better to know now than later. Besides, after everything else, what were the chances that he would react badly to this? "Da," he started when they returned. "There's something I have to tell you."
John rode to school, part of his dreading it. Another week without Sherlock, another week of whispered accusations. He hadn't been fully honest with him about how bad it was. Peolle not only claimed that he had done something to Sherlock, but also that he had done something to Sebastian. No one seemed to have, or believe, the real story. He sighed as he walked into school and sat down in class, ignoring the stares and mutters.
John reached over to Sherlock's bedside table and grabbed the lube. He slicked his fingers up, and then reached down between Sherlock's legs. He circled his lover's entrance and pushed inside.
, but quickly smiled when he turned back around. "That sounds perfect, Mycroft can drive you to school if you're going today, I'm supposed to stay out for the rest of the week to recover, but I'll ride with you to drop you off," he said and started to get dressed while John called his father.
Sherlock bit his lip and looked away, letting his fingers graze across the top of the flowers. He was embarrassed to admit it, but he was still terrified that there was a chance John might still leave him. He nodded slowly, "I..." he paused, trying to think of the best way to word this. He sighed heavily before turning back and looking John in the eyes.
Sherlock's mother shook her head sadly, "you poor thing," she said and pulled him in for another hug. "Don't you go thinking there was anything else that could have been done to prevent this. That Moran boy has some very deep seeded issues and obvious homophobia. It is
John was still partially inside of Sherlock as they slid down the opposite wall and he wrapped his arms around the other boy. He was still breathing heavily but managed a few kisses to the side of his fiancé's face. "Yes," he said softly. "I love you, so much." He held Sherlock close, relishing in their post-orgasm bliss.
"John..." Sherlock moaned as his husband finally entered him. His eyelids fluttered for a moment until John was fully seated inside of him. He reached for the other man's hands, twining their fingers together and bringing them up on either side of his head. He craned his head up to kiss John again, slowly stroking the inside of his lover's mouth with his tongue.
"Add another finger, twist your wrist a little... That's it, love. Just keep listening to my voice." Sherlock ran his fingers through John's hair and scratched lightly at his scalp. "I love you so much, you're so amazing... So beautiful. You're simply gorgeous like this, when you're so desperate for release.
Author's Note: Thank you so much for reading my very first Johnlock series! I appreciate the patience that all of you have shown with my damn procrastination problem lolz!! This is the final chapter to the series and hopefully I will be posting more series in the future, with closer posts! Please continue to review and again, I thank you all for your support!!
Sherlock frowned, the word 'overdose' bringing back memories of his past habits, but he tried his best to push them away. He didn't do that anymore and he needed to move on. He squirmed, but otherwise stayed still. Sighing, he closed his eyes tightly and tried to focus again on John's mouth.
John gasped at the hot sensation of Sherlock filling him. He finally slumped forward, slipping off of his lover to splay on top of him. "Dear God...I swear, anyone else and I probably wouldn't have enjoyed sex like this."
Sherlock felt tears come to his own eyes as he returned John's embrace. "I am so incredibly happy you found me, love. I can't imagine my life without you in it." He pulled away and kissed John on the
"Don't worry, I'll be right next to you the whole time." John gripped the pillow, wishing that it was Sherlock's hand. "Besides, I'm sure that whatever I say will be enough. Three attacks in two weeks certainly should be enough to put him away without having to bring up your past."
John looked up at him, eyes still a little watery. "You know that I wouldn't unless I absolutely had to," he said softly. "I never want to be away from you." He reached over for one of Sherlock's hands, twining their fingers together.
The girl smiled and trailed a finger down Sherlock's chest, "it's McKenzie... But you can call me Kenzie, hot stuff."
John just grinned at his father. "Hi, Da. Smells good." He pulled away from Sherlock and decided to play the gentleman, pulling a chair out for his fiance and tucking it in for him once he sat.
Sherlock let out the breath that he was holding and relaxed. He smiled at Mr. Watson. "Thank you," he said, not really knowing what else could be said. He was very happy that John's father didn't blame anyone but Moran for the attack.
John nodded firmly. "I understand." He kept a tight hold on Sherlock's hand, though. That was one thing he was going to miss during the trial.
Sherlock gasped and bucked his hips up at the bite and hummed in content when his lover laved his tongue over it. When John licked at his arsehole again, he moaned and tried to push his hips down onto his face.
Sherlock started to chuckle, but it turned into a grunt as John locked lips with him. He immediately wrapped his arms around the shorter boy, one of his hands in his fiance's hair and the other resting at the small of his back.
Sherlock got lost in the music for several moments, closing his eyes and continuing to move to the beat. After a while he opened them to smile at John, but it dropped from his face when he didn't see him anywhere. "John?" be called, trying to make his voice loud enough to carry over the music.
Mr. Holmes shook his head, "they haven't told us anything yet." Just then, a doctor came out into the waiting room. "Mr. Holmes?" he said. "Yes, that's me," Sherlock's father stepped forward. "Come with me please." Mr. Holmes looked back at the group of people in the room before following the doctor out.
John smiled gratefully at Mycroft and got up slowly to get Sherlock some water. He handed him the glass, making sure that none of his movements were sharp or too quick. "There you go, love. Need anything else?"
John took a deep breath before launching into how it really happened. "I had just happened to be walking by when Sherlock was about to be attacked by the rugby team. I managed to get them away and then we decided to be friends, and quickly more than that." He sighed, rubbing his face. If he had said something sooner...
Sherlock laughed, "Yes, I suppose she will." He smiled at John as he unwrapped his gift. He opened up the lid and pulled back the tissue paper, his eyes wide. "John... It's beautiful." He pulled out the dark blue cashmere scarf and ran his fingers across it. "I love it... Thank you." He leaned over and gave his fiancé a kiss on the cheek.
John smirked at Sherlock as he cleaned the water, and went to gather the pieces of the beaker. "You better take a break, love. Lest you drop something more volatile." He winked and put the pieces in the bin with the other broken glassware.
Sherlock smiled against John's skin and latched onto the junction of his shoulder, sucking and licking. His hands ran across the other boy's sides, hiking the shirt up and touching his bare skin. John's skin was so soft and he loved the feel, as well as the taste of it. He hummed in contentment as he finally released John's neck and began placing kisses on different spots of his face.
She passed Sherlock’s older brother at the front doors of the hospital. They nodded curtly in acknowledgement of each other as they went their separate ways.
And John had chosen that moment—as opposed to a much more convenient two minutes prior—to lie down on the bed and pass out.
Sometimes he started text messages. Because just the possibility of reaching across the void to the one pinpoint of light glowing so faintly and so far away in London—the potential for even an electronic connection—was enough to send a thrill down his spine and through to his fingertips. But he couldn’t. He needed to know if his hypothesis was correct.
There was a child kneeling in the grass with his back to him. John approached and the boy looked up. John’s breath caught in his chest. It was Sherlock. He couldn’t be more than ten years old, but with his shock of black, curly hair, his pale skin, his thin, wiry frame, and his eyes—there was no mistaking those irises. He was smartly dressed—dark trousers, white collared shirt under dark blue, cashmere jumper. His sleeves were pushed back to his elbows, shirt folded back over the cuffs of the jumper. John tried not to scoff—of course a ten-year-old Sherlock would already have a sense of fashion.
A scattering of stars was just visible through the city’s light pollution. He looked back at Sherlock and saw the detective had followed his gaze up. John smiled at him while he couldn’t see. Sherlock had called the stars beautiful once. Actually they were the only natural, non-criminal, and non-chemical thing John had ever heard him call beautiful. He suddenly felt an urge to stuff Sherlock into a train and take him out to the middle of a field far away in the country, to make him look up at the stars there, to point out the few constellations he knew (the ones Sherlock had probably deleted), and convince the scientist that he could keep a few things in his mind that weren’t practical, but only beautiful.
Wearing a black pair of wellies Sherlock stepped carefully through the disaster zone that was his mind palace. There was rubble from the walls and ceilings, books, papers, and boards strewn throughout the area. Water was still rushing over the floors, though the level had lowered enough now to just reach his ankles. He made his way to John’s door, which was hanging off its hinge.
” he said, looking back at John. “Not that I know anything about you owning an illegal firearm—for the record I don’t—but next time you could ask him a few more questions before you let him borrow it.”
“There wasn’t meant to be a connection between any of the victims. I think Elliot received the poison accidentally, and the murderer—or murderers—preferred to get rid of both her and Riley rather than risk a couple exhibiting the same symptoms or dying of the same poison.”
And Molly had understood immediately. Sherlock was in love with him. Of course he was. It was no small feat to hold any percentage of that great brain’s attention, and John did it effortlessly. There was nothing so special or spectacular about John Watson, which made it all the more heartbreaking. Molly had believed the scientist could never love an ordinary person. But when he brought John to the lab she realised that he could; it just wasn’t her.
Sherlock returned his attention to the laptop, clicking and scrolling. “Because she’s in Berlin, and too smart to get herself wrapped up in any more English scandals after what happened last time,” he said with a smirk.
The line went dead and Sherlock tossed the phone onto the table. He picked up a thin, sleek wooden box, feeling the Pavolvian response resonating in his nerves as his fingers brushed over the surface: anticipation. He didn’t need to open the lid—didn’t need to see silver needles or a glass syringe for the tremors to sweep through him. Addiction never cured, only dormant, roused now just by the touch of wood.
The most he could do now was to get Sherlock to bed and try to force feed him pasta tomorrow, depending on his ability to swallow. He sighed, reflexively tightening his hold around Sherlock’s waist. Caring for a consulting detective was much more difficult than anyone would believe.
Odd. It had looked more like falling than sitting. Sherlock watched as John ducked his head down, holding it just above his knees. Sherlock’s eyes widened. It felt as though the blood in his veins was slowing, running cold.
“There was a significant amount of emotion during— When we—” Sherlock’s cheeks coloured, a fainter shade of red blooming beneath the mark from the fight. “I had to leave to prevent considerable damage from being done. I spent the days I was gone redesigning my mind palace.”
An average (read: substantially more boring) person probably would have proven his hypothesis correct, but
Sherlock stood at the corner of Gloucester Terrace and Chilworth Street. He'd arranged an interview with a woman named Kathleen Bauer. She was a close friend of the woman who died in the car crash: Body B (probably more commonly known as Amy Elliot). He shifted in the cold as he waited, eyes fixed on the flats across the street without seeing them.
“The bank clerk who’s been divorced twice, has two children, three grandchildren, asthma, and a secret obsession with
John turned over, body humming with exhaustion from the long night. As he fell asleep it only vaguely occurred to him that he
“And his shoes,” Sherlock continued, moving down toward the man’s leg. He slipped a shoe off and indicated the back heel. Look at the scuffing pattern, very specific, both heels. Combined with the bruising on the wrists I’d say it was fairly obvious his body was dragged.”
John reached up, gripping his jacket, and his eyes searched his face in the same expression of wonderment that had made Sherlock pull him out of the Barts lab and into his flat and into his life all those years ago.
“That would be very ambitious of you,” Sherlock said, huffily pulling the plate out of John’s hand. “Are all soldiers so annoyingly adamant about toast?”
He checked his watch again. Eleven thirty-five. Sherlock bloody Holmes had better be there in the next five minutes. He’d had one a hell of a time convincing his superiors to let him leave a body in the street for five hours. They’d blocked off the alley and put up a tent, which had the double benefit of protecting the scene as well as hiding the body from view of the main street.
Kathleen Bauer was an eye-roll worthy woman to be sure. Black faux-leather shoes. Trousers and blouse from the sales racks, read: low-paid office job. Yet the flat (unshared) was far nicer than any single, low-paid Londoner could hope to afford. Family money then. But clearly not for clothes. She would have an independent streak that stopped at London real estate. Mid-thirties, symmetrical facial features (at least moderately attractive), figure neither heavy nor thin but one forever swaying one way or the other—an anxious stress-eater on a permanent diet, read: shaky self-discipline and constant personal dissatisfaction. However, her straight posture and defiant expression suggested a veneer of blunt confidence, a typical defence mechanism for the self-critical.
Sherlock was marking some notes on his sheet music when John returned with the drinks. He handed one to his flatmate and sat down in his chair. Sherlock joined him a moment later, sitting across from him.
He’d been explaining something urgent and imperative (as usual) when John had asked, “But why are you telling all of this to
He looked around the empty flat. There were mugs and cups and saucers left around the living room from where Sherlock had evidently been moving restlessly the night before. John could almost see his pacing—the mug left on the mantel, the saucer on the table by his laptop, the cup on the windowsill… John shook his head. His flatmate was truly— John stopped mid-thought as something twigged in his memory.
The server led them round a wall in the back. She entered a security code at a door and they followed her through and up a large, sweeping flight of steps.
"Have a seat." Sherlock's cold tone sliced through the warmth of their visitor's demeanour. John realised with surprise that her eyes hadn't left him, had hardly even glanced toward his normally unignorable flatmate since he'd entered the room. John was so used to watching clients ogle Sherlock that having her admiring gaze directed toward
“Oh John!” Mrs. Hudson cried, walking up to him and clutching both of his hands in hers. “Sherlock told me you’ve moved back. I’m so sorry to hear you and Mary have separated!”
John froze. Sherlock, however, wasted no time in grasping John’s upper arms and walking him backward to a specific spot by the door. He placed the end of the tape measure into his hand, and tugged lightly to check that John, momentarily catatonic, had a grip on it.
The stripper dropped to her hands and knees on the platform. Cheers followed her as she crawled around and John couldn’t help grinning when he saw who she had chosen to favour with her attention.
“Little old lady.” Sherlock grinned, thin fingers still circled around John’s arm. “I told you before, they’re better than security cameras. Had to find out if one lives in the building with a view of the victim’s flat.”
When Sherlock had come back to London John was already living with Mary, already proposing to her. This time he would have to watch from the beginning. The new relationship, the increase in time spent together, John leaving in slow motion, day by day, slipping away. He shut his eyes. Perhaps he could convince John to join the clergy—take a vow of celibacy. Sherlock supposed he was not the ideal candidate for clergy recruitment.
John suddenly saw that blood was running down the side of Sherlock’s face and his hair was wet with it. He hadn’t noticed before.
He had always known he would die on a case. He’d been prepared for it, waited for it for a long time. One wrong step. He knew that was all it would take, to be just once in the wrong place at the wrong time. It was too easy. He should have been dead already, but John had always interfered.
The overdose was not sudden. Sherlock could feel it coming in like the tide, waves pulling at him stronger and stronger until they warped his mind palace, flashes of hallucinations disrupting what would have been linear thought. A call from Mycroft—Moriarty’s message—and Sherlock closed his eyes and let the waves drag him under.
She walked over to a set of drawers at the side of the room. “She met him only once, like me. He was polite, professional. It’s not so bad to work here.” She pulled open a drawer. “We are well paid, there’s good security, our clients are screened for their health.” She turned and John saw she was holding a long knife in her hand.
“Gave him a list of places,” Billy continued. “Told me today he didn’t find what he needed though. He only had three places left on the list so I doubt he’s going to find what he wants. I told him you can’t be too picky. You got to take what you can get, innit? There’s plenty of quality stuff around—”
Sherlock groaned internally. He was certain this was the only way he would ever spend time listening to a psychologist: drugged and handcuffed to a chair.
Sherlock snapped his head up. They had never discussed what John’s own situation had been in the weeks before they’d met. Sherlock had read it, of course: PTSD-related depression, increasing severity of suicidal thoughts. He’d read it along with all of the other information he’d initially catalogued about John, but he didn’t mention it—not when he relayed his deductions about him or any time later.
John's flush from his run deepened and Sherlock deduced he hadn't planned on saying that last sentence, and possibly regretted it. Interesting.
Sherlock let the nurse give him the injection. He felt the sharpness of the thoughts that were cutting him apart dull. The voices condemning him quieted. He knew he should endure it all unmedicated because he deserved it. But John was lying there in front of him with his warm skin and his steady breathing and he wasn’t waking up and Sherlock couldn’t… He couldn’t.
After brushing his teeth in a kind of dazed, overslept way in the half bath across from his bedroom, he made his way down the stairs and found the flat empty. He checked his phone, no messages. He didn’t have the energy to guess where Sherlock had gone or what he was up to. He decided a shower would clear the fog from his mind. He had only just finished dressing afterward, and was putting the kettle on, when Mrs. Hudson burst through the door.
“Thank you, Mrs. Hudson, that's very kind of you,” John said with his unerring ability to be tactful when he felt the situation called for it. Sherlock didn’t know where he found the energy.
John stood up restlessly. If he was going to die he wanted to do something worthwhile with the time he had left. Before he could think better of it he sent a text to Mycroft.
“The car will be at Baker Street to pick you up in one hour. Be prepared. It may be a private jet, but that doesn’t mean anyone is eager to wait on your whims.” Mycroft’s tone was no less patronising over the phone than it was in person.
Mrs. Hudson giggled again and Sherlock slatted his eyes at her, as though his current position as a pillow were her fault. But when he looked back at John his expression softened.
He stepped carefully to the side of John’s bed, finally forcing his eyes to take in the unconscious figure in front of him.
Lestrade often saw Sherlock look at John like that. He wondered, not for the first time, if John knew and chose to pretend he didn’t, or if he honestly didn’t know that Sherlock was completely, hopelessly in love with him.
Sherlock glared. “I’ve told you before. It’s a capital mistake to theorise before you have all the evidence. It biases the judgment.”
He stepped wrong several times, swearing under his breath, and Sherlock corrected him when he tried to pull with his left arm. But Sherlock had put the song on repeat, and they continued until John was making fewer and fewer mistakes.
He could, of course, hire someone to take care of these things for him. But then he would probably have to pay that person. One can’t pay a person to fix his financial problems if one has such financial problems that he needs to pay a person to fix them. Sherlock furrowed his brow. This was not his kind of puzzle.
He shook his head clear of the grim thoughts, then attended to Duck’s instructions and attempted to put himself into the same position his counselor was assuming with ease. This position felt more natural than the other ones he’d tried so far, although it was still hell on the muscles in the front of his thighs, and he enjoyed lengthening his gaze to sight beyond the tips of his fingers at the end of his arms, held straight out, forward and behind him.
of her, on stage for the opening night of the cabaret. The other half was revealed when she turned her head and the unpainted face of John Watson asked the audience to consider if anything they saw could really be what it seemed. That weathered face, with its lines and flaws and expressive character, had captivated Sherlock as firmly as the porcelain perfection of the Lady. Having John as his lover meant that at times he was paying court to Lady Grey and all her flash and glamour, while other times he was enjoying boyish charm and domestic comforts with John, or running after criminals with Captain Watson. He was never bored, having John in his life.
Marjorie tried to swing the atomizer around to target Sherlock, but his longer reach served him well. He batted her arm aside, then savagely punched her in the stomach. As she crumpled to the ground, he stripped the atomizer from her hand, looked it over, then oriented it toward her face and pressed the button. A fine mist sprayed out as she wheezed for breath, and after a few gasps, she passed out in a heap.
“I don’t have much choice, do I?” John asked bitterly. The gloomy fatigue that had been waiting at the edges of his anger surged up, draining him of any energy to continue talking.   “Now if you don’t mind, I’d like to be alone.”
“What time is it, even?” John muttered, spinning round to look at the clock by the bedside, then whirling back with a glower. “Christ, Sherlock, it’s five in the bloody morning! No wonder I was dead asleep when you came in. How did you get into the bloody flat, anyway?”
Who used a biblical weapon to bring down such a physically large person. A grain of truth in every legend…
“Brilliant!” Duck affirmed, “Quite the day you’re having, mate! Well, then, let’s sit and talk a bit.” He led the way to their usual seats by the window. “I wouldn’t just put you out on the street, you know,” he said seriously. “I’m glad to hear you’d want to continue with our sessions. I’m thinking we’d meet daily for the first week or two at least, and decide what to do from there afterward. Would you have any trouble getting here from your place in the mornings?”
Greg’s other hand came up to bracket both of John’s shoulders. “I’ve lost good mates that way, and I don’t want to lose any more. ‘Specially since I don’t think it’d be just the…” he looked a little guiltily at the door. “Well. Anyway. I wanted you to know I’m glad you’re back, and that if you feel like you need a break, just let me know and I’ll fend off Himself so you can catch your breath. You know best, o’course - but I think you’ll find us coppers an understanding lot.”
He tucked into his sandwich while the low-level buzz of the crowd grew in volume and the lights flashed on and off a few times to indicate the show was about to start. People who had lingered in the foyer hurried to their seats and waiters scurried to bring fresh drinks to the newcomers. The overhead lights dimmed and the stage lights came up on the rising red velvet curtain; a jazzy number with a brassy horn section played over the sound system, white spotlights picking out three sparkling figures in slinky gowns and opera gloves of emerald green, surrounded by a shadowed group of couples swing dancing in front of them as they lip-synced to the vocals of the track. Sherlock’s attention swept over the singers: a brunette, a platinum blonde, and a scarlet redhead, each striking in their own way. Drag queens all; in fact the redhead was none other than Miss Vicky - a particular friend of John’s and another headliner for the cabaret. But the blonde and the brunette were not Lady Grey, nor anyone he knew, and while they were very good, they did not hold his interest for long. After a moment, he felt his attention wander as the trio vamped on the three-part harmony of the opening of the song, and Irene, dressed as a ringmaster with a silk top hat on her head and slashed black satin trousers under her sequined red frock coat, introduced the show with flourishes of the short buggy whip in her hand.
When Sherlock had finished the cup, he pulled his own laptop to him and idly looked at his email, then surfed around to the London news sites to see if there was anything promising on the horizon. When nothing presented itself, he moved on to the gossip sites where he could troll the illiterate mouth-breathers who congregated there to squeal over the latest manufactured popstar crisis. He had really begun to work up some steam castigating some fans (calling themselves ‘cookies’ for God’s sake) cooing over a gawky, intellectual actor with a truly ridiculous name who had, it seemed, successfully procreated and then gotten a trinket from the Queen. Wasn’t there something useful these people could be doing? Be creatively murdered, for instance? He huffed loudly, and prepared to flay them with words when he noticed the quiet. The tiny mallets had gone still. He looked up.
“Then we’ll release you tomorrow morning after our session. Be sure you use the sauna before you go - it’s worth the price of admission, if you ask me.”
John knew he should have been watching the video, looking for their killer, but his attention was captured by the lift and drop of Sherlock’s Adam’s apple as he swallowed.
John snorted. "I used to think like that. Until I got shot. Pretty hard to use my brain when my life was leaking out and the fear and pain was all there was. When the memory of the pain didn't let me sleep or eat, do you think my brain was at its best? Nope. Transport? Not even close." John realized he was gripping his hands together so tightly they were hurting. He took a deep breath and looked up, into Sherlock's eyes. The moment stretched. "What?"
John’s hands clutched at him as they kissed sweetly and with restraint; it was not the time or place for passion. Instead, Sherlock felt like muscles he didn’t know he had were relaxing for the first time, like he was breathing in after being underwater. He felt John lean into him, letting Sherlock take some of his weight; it felt like a gift. He tightened his arms around his friend (more than friend).
“Look, I know this is asking a lot, and I’m a right bastard for even considering it… but…” he cleared his throat. “Stephen’s wedding is next week, and we don’t seem to have anything on, so I was wondering if – well, if – you’d… come to the wedding. To show Marjorie that there’s no hope of her being with me.”
Nurse Savage stepped forward. “Dr Watson, I apologize. Your friend here,” and she indicated a flustered-looking Sherlock, with an irritated wave of her hand, “came to the nurses' station yelling about how you had disappeared, and we came to investigate. That’s when, er,” John could see her struggling to remain diplomatic in her description, “the shouting started. You arrived about five minutes later. Since you seem to be fine?” she scanned John up and down and raised an eyebrow in enquiry. John nodded, indicating he was, indeed, fine.
Standing there in the circle of Sherlock’s clutch, John was able to think about what had just happened and, with a mental bow to Duck, to capture the first, tentative strands of how he felt about it.
There was a tickling on the back of his neck, and it took him a moment to realize it was Sherlock’s panting breaths, fast and shallow. His friend was rigid with tension behind him and striving to hide it. John hastily released him and busied himself grabbing his manky Tshirt and slipping it over his head. “What am I looking at there?” he asked through the thin fabric.
For instance, John liked to put his hand on Sherlock’s knee; it was simple and obvious, and Sherlock could easily follow the thought process on John’s expression as he made the decision to put it there. Sherlock also noticed that if it remained for more than ten minutes or so, say on a longish cab ride, that John’s mind would wander… and his hand would too, just a little; sliding up Sherlock’s thigh to mid-leg, and unconsciously flexing fingers in a caressing or massaging motion. Whenever this happened, it sent shivers up Sherlock’s spine and whatever he was thinking about was lost in the white noise of his response.
John coughed. “That’s,” he averted his face, suddenly embarrassed all over again. “Great, Sherlock, thanks.”
Sherlock took a moment to consider. His initial reaction was to refuse, dramatically rebuke John for even suggesting such a thing, and storm off to his room to sulk for a few days. That was obviously what John was expecting him to do, it was written in his hangdog expression and the slouch in his usually upright posture. On the other hand, there would likely never be another opportunity to know what John would be like if he were… his. Sherlock would have permission, would be
John leaned back into the sofa cushions, hands coming up to rub his face briefly, then scrub through his hair again. He slumped into the sofa’s embrace and tipped his head back; it was soft but supported him well. “Maybe the note I wrote was in that file you have, I don’t know. Anyhow... I told Sherlock that I was doing it to protect him. From me. Because I couldn’t control my anger, and the lashing out, is that what you called it? Hurting people for no good reason. Hurting him. Me - I hurt him. I throttled him when he woke me from a nightmare. I shot him by mistake instead of protecting him from a killer. Once I beat him bloody when he was hallucinating, off his tits on drugs. I was always hurting him when I couldn’t cope.
“How could you be so stupid! Now you’re bleeding, and while you won’t need stitches because of course, you’re right, it is just a graze -”
“Huh, yeah, I get it. No, I’d never considered James that way. He was my CO of course, and that’s frowned on as you know. But I considered him a friend, a good friend, but not anything more than that.” John furrowed his brow and looked pointedly at Duck. “I’m not gay, in case that’s what you’re asking. It’s all fine to me what people are, I’m not homophobic - it just hasn’t been... my area.” He snorted to himself. “I’ve always been interested in women, you see.” John also leaned back into the sofa, obviously trying to seem nonchalant while holding an unexpected tension underneath. “Seems like the rest of the world wishes that were different though; most everyone assumes Sherlock and I are together, or who knows what. It gets a little irritating after a while.”
And John had done that to him, far more than was necessary to subdue the suspect, continuing to beat the offender while he himself was barely aware of it. His knees wobbled and the edges of his vision went white; he squatted down where he stood, and started to take deep breaths, elbows braced on his thighs, staring blankly ahead. He had almost killed a man with his bare hands. How had it happened? He had nearly beaten a man to death. Sherlock had had to drag him off. Had he lost his mind? Gone feral, like an animal? All he could remember was the rage, not even the bloke’s face or what he’d done. He was a doctor, for god’s sake!
They dragged into John’s flat after getting the door unlocked, each deep in their own thoughts. John put Sherlock to bed on the sofa in short order, plying him with blankets, pillows and decaf Earl Grey paired with a decent painkiller and a hard glare. His hands and feet worked on autopilot, as though he watched from just outside his own head; ensuring his friend’s comfort in spite of the relentless, poisonous internal voice that was drowning his heart in numbness.
When he was done, he regarded Sherlock again; he could see his friend’s reflection in the glass and he was still flushed a rosy pink.
The foreman let out an exasperated sound, one which was very familiar to John. “Christ, you fucking ponce, we’re not insured for anyone to be up there what’s not certified for steel work, and clipped in!”
John returned from his run an hour and a half later feeling calmer, but not much more enlightened than when he left. His two slow laps of the garden in what passed for darkness on an early London evening had done much to drive off the oncoming panic his emotional realization had caused, but no miraculous clarifying epiphanies struck out of the blue.
Sherlock shot him a surprised smile, then turned back to see if there was more. He began to rise to allow John to move forward, but wobbled, flinging out his arms for balance.
“We’ll let that decision wait until we get there, Doctor. Thank you for your advice,” Sherlock supplied.
“Do you hear me? Don’t give me that blank stare, Holmes, you know you could get me out of here if you wanted to. So, I’m what - too broken to let out? Too unstable? If that’s how you felt all along you might as well have not tried so hard to drag me here in the first place! I’d not be a problem then...” John’s ire drained away over the course of his rant and he sank back against the pillow, despair enveloping him. He squeezed his eyes shut against the tears that threatened
“You said something like that yesterday, while you were… loopy,” Sherlock mused. “That you’d stay with me even if I never wanted more.” He turned to pin John with his gaze. “But I do want more, John! I just have no idea what I want, or how to do any of it. Where does one even begin? I could be rubbish at it, you know, and you’d be saddled with a terrible lover for the rest of our lives.” This time he actually clapped a hand over his mouth before more appallingly inane sniveling could come out. Where on earth had his vaunted control gone?
Wait a minute; he hopped back up to the table and scanned the crowd again. Marjorie was nowhere in sight, either. His alarm grew. Marjorie had almost certainly killed her husband in order to be ‘free’ for John when she turned forty, and now neither of them could be found. He jumped down again, and crossed the hall to accost the groom.
He cleared his throat, knowing there was something he had to do; it would weigh on him until he said it. “Um, Sherlock,” he began, then trailed off. He’d already had an emotional morning, did he really want to add to it?
“What the hell happened to you?” Amina asked forthrightly, though also careful not to wake a supposedly sleeping John, “Did you get on the wrong side of a criminal?”
“Do you want me to do any of those things, Sherlock?” John said, a note of disbelief in his tone. “Because that would be a pretty shite thing to say to someone I care about.” He huffed out a breath. “Not everyone has sex, Sherlock. Not everyone wants it, or likes it, or finds the right person to do it with.”
Sherlock paused in the doorway, blocking John’s exit as he looked back. “How long?” He asked tersely, fixing Duck with a sharp stare one last time.
If Mary had confessed to her past before everything that had happened, would he have been able to get over it? The thought of killing for nothing more than money, no ethical or moral justification other than it being the job turned his stomach. But if Mary had explained, convinced him she had had a change of heart and that part of her life was over, he liked to think his love for her would have allowed him to forgive her and go on together. That’s eventually what happened, anyway... after she nearly killed Sherlock.
New facets of behavior also began to present themselves when John was actually using his computer when Sherlock was nearby. John stopped allowing his friend to lean in and read over his shoulder; he changed the password every other day; he clamped the lid closed if Sherlock passed too close. And most disturbing of all, a faint blush occasionally stained his cheeks and once or twice an expression of guilt? Furtiveness? What was that? Would cross his features and John would ‘head out for some air’ in order to deflect Sherlock’s scrutiny – though not without leaving the laptop with Mrs. Hudson.
Sherlock put the tie around John’s neck and settled it under his collar, then expertly tied a crisp Windsor knot with the beautiful blue silk, and smoothed it over John’s chest. He drew a breath scented with the bergamot and sandalwood of John’s cologne. “There, all right and proper.”
He’d reached his lowest point, there in his bedroom only a few nights ago, and when he awoke afterward, he had realized that he didn’t actually want to die. He was terrified by how close he had come and he was grateful to have lived, grateful that Sherlock had been able to save him. But that didn’t translate immediately into being fine.
John frowned and quickened his pace, breaking into a jog as a familiar bass bellow cut through the murmuring of the onlookers. “You are supposed to be taking care of John, and you have LOST him! How can you lose an entire person? Where is he? Are you really so stupid as to be looking under the bed? It’s wide open, we’d be able to see if anyone was down there! And I’ve looked in the closets - yes, and the washroom!”
The nurses came in to bustle about, taking blood pressure and oxygen levels and checking catheters and IV lines. Someone showed Sherlock how the lights worked; which he declared ‘incredibly stupid,’ but then spent several minutes fiddling with to find just the right combination of upward-facing wall sconces and dimmed ceiling light, until John could open his eyes without discomfort.
The crisp crackling of the packaging as it spilled tablets on the duvet went unnoticed, and the water in the glass on his bedside table was stale and tepid, but it washed down the pills without trouble. He had about half an hour before he’d start to feel it, he noted vaguely.
The thought brought such a feeling of relief that he played it in his mind more and more often - when he was waiting in the queue to pay for groceries; feeding Rosie her sweet potatoes and bananas, laying in bed trying to close his eyes. It didn’t matter: the prospect of an end to the dullness, the pretending to be alright, the letting everyone believe he was a good person when he knew he was so far from it -
He stepped forward, aligning his head with the scratches, checking the smear at his feet to ascertain where the person might have stood, and scanned the construction site, looking for the taped-off ring indicating the corpse’s location.
Sherlock seemed content to allow John to remain where he was. His friend breathed slowly, cheek resting lightly on the top of John’s head, his one-armed hold firm yet not stifling, long fingers idly stroking the back of John’s neck. The silence stretched, peaceful and undemanding.
Sherlock's fingers began to strike a rhythm on the arms of his chair, adding polyrhythmic tension to the lines his feet produced. John looked up again, taking in Sherlock's demeanor, then leaned back and stretched his arms above his head. "You ever try anything like that?" he asked casually.
"It's all right, loads of people have trouble quieting their minds." John said. Sherlock rolled his eyes. "It's a perfectly ordinary -"
Dear god, how he adored John! The heat that had been banked below his belt stirred and flared for a moment as he imagined John’s expression planning these little touches, the slightly naughty, mischievous smirk on his pink lips as he gave instructions to the cabaret staff. Oh, the things he wanted to do to those lips, to all of John... Sherlock realized he was at risk of becoming indecent, and thought unsexy thoughts for a moment to collect himself.
“I’m sure tomorrow will be fine, John; you’re only moderately out of shape at this point compared to many men your age; actually you’re quite fit. This Duck, as you said, has ten years or more on you. You should be able to keep up with him without trouble. Shall I bring Watson back in the afternoon again, like today?”
Trigger warning: this chapter discusses a crime that involves an adult in sexual relationship with a boy of 15. He is not physically harmed, but is involved in a murder investigation, and has not had a kind life. If this will be uncomfortable for you and you'd like to skip it, jump down past the texting sections and resume when John is in session with Duck.
So John continued to avoid Sherlock’s searching gaze as he explained, “I haven’t been happy with her since… For a long time.”
“My life is a mess, you know that. I haven’t had anything I could give anyone in a long time. So, please, do me a favour and just let me say this. I want to feel like I’ve done something right for you, for once.”
Sherlock stared at him, almost gaping as the understanding hit him. John was describing not one moment from years ago, but an image he’d seen over and over again. One he’d seen even recently. John’s nightmares. After the pool—it wasn’t about Moriarty or a Semtex vest. It was the closest Sherlock had come to dying since they’d met. The sniper’s light. Moriarty was the first of Sherlock’s opponents John believed was truly capable of killing him. And then after his fake suicide—
She pressed a button and soon there were more nurses in the room followed by John's doctor. Mycroft murmured instructions to one who grudgingly agreed. They were not in a normal hospital, and the staff were required to follow orders by those who outranked them. Mycroft outranked most people.
Sherlock couldn’t help grinning. “If you’d like to join the wager over at Scotland Yard as to which of us will go mad first, I’m sure Inspector Dimmock will let you in on it.”
“I knew you’d see the indisputable quality of my reasoning,” Sherlock said distractedly. He was looking around at the room. “God hotels are dismal places. You couldn’t have found one where they do more than pretend to hoover?” He wrinkled his nose at the carpet in an altogether spoilt fashion.
John shut his laptop and stood from where he’d been sitting in his chair. He unbuttoned the light blue shirt that now had a tear in the sleeve. He was wearing a white t-shirt underneath. The bottom edge of his left sleeve had absorbed some of the blood from where the bullet grazed his arm.
But wait, Sherlock had a brother, didn’t he? An older brother. She had met him once. He’d looked… important. He must be able to help.
But it would be ok, he thought, staring absently at their chaotic wallpaper. Sherlock didn’t need John the way John needed Sherlock. The detective had his work, and John knew that as long as he had that he didn’t need much else. Sherlock would be all right without him. He would do better, certainly, than John had done when Sherlock was dead. Mrs. Hudson would take care of him. Mycroft would watch over him. The consulting detective would be unhappy for a while (perhaps, if John flattered himself, even quite a long while—certainly longer than when Irene Adler had died, he hoped), but he would be ok, and that’s what mattered.
“There are exactly twelve different types of perfume with the same ash quality,” Sherlock was saying. “That’s why I can always tell.”
It wasn’t that he wanted to die—not at all. It turned his stomach to think of all the cases he would miss out on. Sherlock would have to go alone. Or replace him (his stomach flipped over entirely). He wanted to stay at 221B, of course. Stay with Sherlock. Maybe find out if there was something between them. Or, if not, settle back into their friendship. He would miss Sherlock’s voice, his laugh, his smirks and his smiles, his laziness and his energy, watching him work, watching him think, his eyes… John swallowed. No, he didn’t want to die. But if he had to, he was glad it had happened like this: taking a bullet for Sherlock. He would do it again in a heartbeat if anyone gave him the choice.
She was walking through the hospital lobby when she nearly collided with him. She looked up, startled to see him out of bed. Under his signature coat he was wearing the clean clothes one of his brother’s assistants had dropped off for him while he was sleeping. He was thin, but he was always thin, and a shower and the few days of rest on an IV had him looking… Well, Molly had found it was better for her overall mental health if she didn’t think too much about the way Sherlock looked.
In a matter of seconds his handcuffs were opened, several unseen doors clanged shut, and suddenly he was alone with the bodyguard, who was standing between him and the door he’d originally come through.
His unconscious mind cycled through these scenarios almost every night, depriving him of any rest. The dark circles under his eyes and his thinner frame prompted more questions from the nurses at his surgery than he cared to answer. He’d even considered wearing makeup around his eyes to try to avoid them. The moment he’d found himself eyeing Mary’s concealer had not been a high point in his life.
Nevertheless, despite Sherlock’s distaste for the finer sophistications of literary art, his body insisted on being an excellent metaphor for his disdain of the ordinary. His porcelain pale skin, his shock of black, loosely curled hair, his height, his slender frame, those bloody cheekbones… Everything about his appearance was striking; poetic, John would even say just to watch Sherlock scowl. And of course he couldn’t have just one eye colour; he had to have
When John had got the flat to stop spinning enough to walk to the living room, he found Sherlock stretched out on the couch, laptop balanced on his thighs. John wondered if he’d slept on the couch or if he’d slept at all. He felt guilty about having taken his flatmate’s bed, but on the other hand Sherlock probably wouldn’t have used it anyway.
Sherlock dropped his eyes and John thought he could almost see a hint of colour at his cheeks. “There was… water damage.”
John wasn't sure he wanted to know what that meant. Not that it mattered. Figuring out what Sherlock was on about before he explained was an impossible task even when sober. In his current state John might as well try to figure out the logic behind Sherlock’s sock index, for all the success he was going to have. (He’d puzzled over it in the past, and had a vague horror that it might have as much to do with thread count as it did with colour and style.)
Sherlock shut his eyes as he felt, within his mind palace, the lock break. The door to the Feelings Closet swung open and a rush of memories flooded through his mind like water.
John returned her smile and said, “Well, we’re here to serve the public.” It wasn’t entirely untrue, though John knew Sherlock’s civil service was less intentional than it was simply lucky for Londoners that what amused Sherlock also happened to be good for public safety.
He stood in the dark for just a second before dim lights flickered, illuminating the enormous space. He blinked rapidly, eyes adjusting to the light. There was a group of men standing just a few metres off. They all turned to look at him.
Magical John selfishly taking all of his magic with him, callously insensible to the consequences it would have on others…
"I told Mrs. Avery you might be kind enough to accompany her for a dance," his lying, conniving landlady beamed.
In the beat of the few seconds Sherlock paused, John’s neck had flushed red and Sherlock realised how intensely he must have been staring. He blinked a few times to rectify the situation and said, “I need to go to the lab tonight.”
“Nope.” Sherlock shrugged off his own coat. He smiled back at John and John laughed. It was a delightfully absurd night.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Are you really going to repeat everything I say? Because this could be a much shorter exchange if—”
John had always had a hot temper. Sherlock, Mary, his therapist, Harry, pin machines…  They all knew that a row with him usually resulted in collateral damage. He’d never hit anyone he cared about (unless Sherlock hit him first, or unless Sherlock pretended to be dead for two years), but there were enough wounded coffee tables and tea mugs to testify that his anger was not something to be trifled with.
Sherlock’s thoughts began to whir. John was right. He could redesign. If he could work his feelings for John into the very structure of his mind palace he could control them.
“Camera,” Sherlock said, throwing on his suit jacket and buttoning it. “Let’s go.” He walked toward the door and swung his coat on.
“The usual: Restaurants, second-hand shops… Also a flower shop”—John took a beat to appreciate the thought of evil florists—“and a toy shop.”
Suddenly feeling restless and too hot, John shut his laptop and stood up from his chair. He’d almost forgotten about the lie. The story Mycroft invented and John had relayed: A witness protection program in America…
“Oh come on, what do you want me to say? That you’re a natural? Move over Nijinsky, John Watson’s taking the stage?” He knew John wouldn’t get the reference to the legendary male ballet dancer, just as he never got any of John’s pop culture references. Sherlock had managed to keep his love of dance a secret so far. He'd told Janine as a necessary confidence to ensure her affection, which he’d needed to exploit later. The only other possible giveaway had been when he’d taught John to waltz for his wedding. But then it seemed John had put his knowledge of the steps down to his public school upbringing and hadn’t enquired further.
Sherlock squirmed ineffectively, and John knew he’d won. He’d pinned army guys much bigger than him with this same hold and he knew it would work as well on his flatmate. Sherlock seemed to realise this and stopped struggling.
They finally made it to the hospital and they took Sherlock into surgery. John sat in the waiting room, hands clasped together as he stared at the door. Hadn't they just done this a few days ago? Well, one thing was certain, he would make sure that it never happened again.
Sherlock moaned against his lover's lips and took one arse cheek in each hand, pulling him into a steady rocking rhythm. "
, Sherlock...I'm yours..." He carded one hand through Sherlock's hair, bringing it to the back of his neck. He bent low to kiss Sherlock's jaw, moving from there to his neck. His other hand went to Sherlock's on his hip, grabbing it and threading their fingers together as he started to teeter over.
John's eyes flew open as Sherlock flipped them and he stared up at the other boy, blinking to try and wake himself further. He sat up as Sherlock got off the bed and yawned before getting up to dress as well.
John finally pulled his fingers out, grabbing the bottle of lube to slick his cock. Hovering over Sherlock, John positioned himself at Sherlock's entrance, feeling his aching arousal desperate to be inside of his lover. This was the most special of all his previous times because it was with someone that he really and truly loved.
John smirked as he gazed back at Sherlock. "Don't worry, you'll be the only one who ever gets house calls." He tilted his head up to kiss Sherlock once, long and slow.
"I'll be fine, just a headache," he lied, "you should go to school, no reason for you to miss just because of me." He felt his heart clench and pulled away slightly from John's touch. He was hurt that John wouldn't tell his father about him and the likelihood of him ever being introduced to his boyfriend's father didn't look so good.
Sherlock smirked, "You'll see," he murmured and kissed John softly on the lips. He snuggled closer to John and kissed his chest, closing his eyes and falling asleep to the sound of John's heartbeat.
Sherlock tensed and let out a pained cry, balling his hands into fists and hitting John in the chest. In his current state though, the punches didn't do much of anything. "Why? Why would you do that? You promised... and I believed you! How could I have believed you?! How... how
John looked up at Sherlock and bit his lip. He nodded and held tightly to his hand, his free hand going up to Sherlock's shoulder. Sherlock had him. It was going to be alright.
John sighed and he looked up at Sherlock. "I don't need to think about it. I've got you right here." He locked their lips together in a slow kiss, using the touch of his lover's lips to draw away the emotional pain as they had done with the physical.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. “I am never done doing genius things. But I suppose the motive and method of murder for all four of our victims is satisfactory for one night’s work. Just proving myself right, as usual.”
“Biographers!” Moriarty blew out an exaggerated breath, jerking him out of his revere. “They’re just
Sherlock nodded and John helped him to his feet. He grabbed Sherlock’s coat from where it lay on the floor and held it up while Sherlock put his arms through it. Sherlock swayed trying to step forward and John caught him around the waist, allowing him to brace himself on his shoulders.
And yet… He might theoretically know that asking John to leave was the only logical solution, but with John standing in front of him—the body and form that was everything that made 221B home—he knew he couldn’t bring himself to do it. Not now, and possibly not ever. Perhaps they could go on for the rest of their lives without another incident occurring, and Sherlock could keep his mind palace intact and John in his flat too. Wasn’t it possible? He knew there was some expression about eating cake that might apply here but he had deleted it.
It was enough to shut Sherlock up. She hit ‘play’ and a sultry song with deep bass flooded from unseen speakers.
John clenched and unclenched his hands. "Sorry, it's not your fault I'm complete rubbish at this pissing stupid fucking bollocks arsehole
He’d used his phone to take a picture of the full body, and then one of the man’s socks. He texted both pictures to Sherlock writing,
Sherlock was walking around to the right side of the building and John followed him. When he came to a stop they were standing in an alley that separated their victim’s building from the one next door. They were reconstructed historical flats: Only four storeys high. Sherlock was scanning it from the base up. He replied distractedly, “One black and one navy.”
John tilted his head down as he often did when he smiled. He chuckled and said, “You’re just getting this now? What other kind of person would spend time helping you pick an upset jar of eyeballs off the kitchen floor?”
"Well, that's all right, thank you for the dance. I think I see my nephew over there. Perhaps he'll be my next hostage." She winked at him.
They rolled, snarling, grappling, but eventually Sherlock got the reach on him. He flipped John onto his back and straddled his waist, getting his arms into an unbreakable grip, clearly remembering the move from when John had pinned him in the same position. Sherlock was a bloody quick study and it was both annoying and unfair that any trick could only ever work on him once. John dropped his head back into the grass, giving up his efforts at struggling. He exhaled heavily through his nose, eyes making clear the unwillingness with which he was accepting his position.
“Come on, John! You did it so well yesterday. You can use some of those words you say when you talk to your rugby friends."
Sherlock struggled to sit up. His body didn’t cooperate. The air felt heavy around him, intensified gravity pinning him in place. But the man at the table seemed to sense his wakefulness. He stood and walked to the side of the bed.
John remembered that night vividly: Sherlock vaulting over an iron gate and almost dislocating his arm as the handcuff chain yanked it up. He’d had to reach through the railing to grab the lapel of his flatmate’s coat, pulling him hard back up against the gate, forcing him to face him through the bars and holding him there—an attempt to stop the unstoppable force that was Sherlock. Inescapably close he’d felt the detective’s energy radiating off of him like heat, and his eyes burning with it. The fever of the chase pulsed through Sherlock’s veins and John only ever had to
"I don't want to, but I'm not like you"—he lifted his arm and ran his hand through Sherlock's hair, pushing it back from his face—"I can't control these things like you can."
Finally he managed to get his shoes on with trembling fingers. He flung open his bedroom door. He had to get back to the hospital.
Too deep, yes; too close to his core: a dark, shadowy depth where primal thoughts lurked—dangerous thoughts his conscious mind had nothing to do with. That the
Moriarty ignored him. “A headful of water is no good for solving crimes. But it is perfect for goldfish.” His eyes gleamed. “Do you think John will still like you if you can’t solve crimes anymore?”
Their footsteps were muted on the soft, grassy path between the row of graves. The glow of lamplights from the street tinged the dark around them, but John kept his eyes on the brighter cut of light from the torch as it slid across the gravestones, illuminating each in turn.
Sherlock realised his own jaw had tightened in imitation of his sleeping friend and though he consciously relaxed it, his concern increased. He’d been able to cure John’s nightmares the first time, but not the second. When Sherlock returned to London, and John resumed working with him, he assumed the nightmares would subside like they had before. But they hadn’t.
They had both inherited the same exquisite bone structure, ivory skin, and height (though—as Mycroft was thrilled to point out—when Sherlock stopped growing he was the same number of centimetres shorter as the score of his intelligence test was lower: two. They’d had a full on brawl in the garden one Christmas over that point).
John pressed the button for the nurse. He had to get out of here. Now. He needed to get back to Baker Street. He needed to wrap his arms around his detective and never let him go.
Sherlock must have read the anger in his face because he said softly, “It’s not bad. You have one too.”
you told Mrs. Hudson to babysit me all day,” Sherlock complained, jumping out of his chair and pacing around to stand opposite John. “I suppose you don’t have any idea how aggravating that was.”
The answer presented itself immediately: Carl Reeves. Carl Reeves was the connection. He had been hired by Moran. The bullet that grazed John’s arm, the bullet that had been meant for Sherlock, it had been soaked in the poison.
“That’s very random of you, John,” Sherlock said, turning around. “You need to keep your head in the game.” He shoved the bag into John’s arms.
John grinned in spite of himself. He resumed walking and Sherlock followed. John looked over at his friend who had regained his meditative expression. It turned to a scowl as he said, “It’s unacceptable to have to wait until Monday for the autopsy results. Lestrade said he won’t be able to push it through without proof of urgency. It’s preposterous that they expect me to catch criminals while they keep me waiting around…”
He was nine years old. Mycroft folded his fingers and rested his chin on them, not seeing the table or the room in front of him but instead looking at a young boy with unruly curls. Sherlock was nine years old. Mycroft couldn’t help seeing him that way. Whenever his little brother got into trouble he was nine years old, looking up at him with tearstained eyes:
“You don’t need to lie to placate me,” John shot back, jerking his arm out of Sherlock’s grasp. “They’re your cases; you decide how to handle them. It’s nothing.”
The detective’s silence was enough of an answer. With a huff that wasn’t quite laughter John leaned up, drinking in the gorgeous sight that was Sherlock spread beneath him, breathing hard, flushed, pupils dilated. The image alone could have knocked him backward. It rocked through him, instantly removing any hint of mirth that had risen at Sherlock’s appreciative attentions to his rugby clothes.
Although… Didn’t John catch Sherlock watching him sometimes, in a mirror or out of the corner of his eye? John had dismissed it as part of the mad scientist’s relentlessly observational manner, but what if— John realised he’d never seen Sherlock watch anyone else that way. He ignored everyone else unless they were part of a case.
“The mission was practically unmanageable, even for me,” Sherlock continued. “I didn’t want you worrying or waiting for me. I had hoped the results of my—I realise now—misguided experiment would include you finding a more pleasant way to spend those years than I did.”
It was still a while before he spoke, and when he did his voice was flat—a defeated break in the emotion that had threatened to crush him a moment ago. “Where did you go.”
“Are you aware that Brandon had an unusual pattern of scarring on his thighs?” Sherlock asked quickly, lest John try to steal another in his line of questioning.
“I'm sorry, love,” Mrs. Hudson said, regaining her composure. “It’s just that I thought you’d have no interest in something like a charity ball. But of course if you’d like to come…” She trailed off as if she couldn’t imagine him saying he would, that the sentence wasn’t even worth finishing. He’d kept his secret well.
John reached for his phone, shifting only slightly, trying not to wake the person sleeping on him. He needed to call Lestrade. There were three bodies in that warehouse—two who looked like they’d been shot and the one he’d killed. He could leave out that last detail though. Best case scenario Sherlock could cover for him; worst case scenario it was self-defense.
“I suppose you have no idea how many nights I laid awake trying to think of what I should have said to you in that two-minute phone call,” John said. “How many arguments I put together… carefully constructed sentences, perfected word choice… Which words would have saved you? In what order?”
, he decided. He would think about it soon. But not tonight. For now he was content just to have Sherlock here, so close to him, on top of him even
Sherlock sighed as if such explanations were physically painful for him. “You were asleep when I left and I knew if I woke you you’d want to come with me. I knew Mrs. Hudson would fill you in later.”
Sherlock looked at John curiously. “That’s right. Once the body was in the van they could drive it to the centre, drag it into an alley, stab it, and arrange the whole thing to look like a mugging.”
Sure enough, opening the cover revealed a large, rectangular hole cut out from the centre of the pages, leaving only the margins intact.
He leaned down, bracing himself with his hands in the grass on either side of Sherlock’s head. Sherlock watched him cautiously as he stayed for a moment, trying to steady himself as a kind of primitive want-take-have coiled through his muscles. He moved a hand to Sherlock’s neck, tugging off the scarf in one quick motion. Sherlock turned his head to the side just slightly and it was all the invitation John needed. He ducked his head, bringing a teeth-edged kiss to the pulse point just below his jaw.
John’s expression softened. “I suppose I don’t mind reminding you why you keep me around every once in a while.” He started to walk. Someone would have heard the shots; he’d be surprised if the police weren’t already on their way. As good as Mycroft was at cover-up he’d still rather not be standing over the dead body when the public arrived.
“The lip gloss is then switched back at the end of the night to ensure only the pre-chosen guinea pigs are subjected to the drug. But what if someone else was exposed to the drug accidentally? Our killer had carefully planned his victims. He couldn’t abide a disruption.”
Mycroft resolved one evening after some friends of the family walked out angrily following their crying child. If Sherlock wasn’t going to play the game—the society game where people interacted in pre-set ways according to strict rules—then he would have to protect him from it.
John felt a smile tugging the corners of his mouth. It never ceased to amaze him how seamlessly the detective could switch from genius to batty. "And what words are those?"
Lestrade was sitting at his desk when a twenty-two-year-old, skinny, strung-out uni kid burst through his office door. He was tall with dark, curly hair and alarmingly pale skin. The boy clearly had no personal skills. He strode in without introduction, imperiously shouting some mad theory about a case Lestrade had just closed the day before, accusing him of having been wrong. Hyper-intense, manic, almost frightening; he was visibly high on cocaine—nervous agitation, hands shaking—Lestrade had dismissed him as a raving mental case. He hadn’t even gotten his name.
The visitor centre was closed, and Sherlock had been sitting on the steps for about half an hour. He’d been browsing through international news sites on his phone looking for murders and possible connections between them. Serial killers were his favourite challenges and he was always hoping to come across one. But unfortunately the news that day was as dull as ever, so Sherlock had downloaded a Sudoku app out of curiosity. He proceeded to obliterate it by completing all of the levels within minutes. He had just decided Sudoku was not at all worth the hype when he spotted John coming up the path. He put his phone away and waited for John to reach him.
was an interesting turn of events, although not unexpected. As little patience as Sherlock had with people in general, he’d always seemed to have less with women.
This had gone too far. Sherlock wasn’t going to be any use to John at all if he overdosed. She needed help. She needed to call someone. John was the first person that came to mind, but she looked over at Sherlock and supposed now might not be the best time to bring John in, especially if he was—well, she didn’t know. Who else could she call? Sherlock would only demand more drugs from Billy, and Lestrade would probably tackle him into handcuffs.
causing moral revulsion. She’d lied to John from the beginning, and shot Sherlock to maintain the lie.
John looked down and was surprised to see a small gash in his skin through the ripped fabric of his sleeve where the bullet had grazed him. He hadn’t felt it at all. “It’s fine,” he said quickly, looking up at Sherlock who was surprisingly pale for someone who was almost regularly shot at. “Come on, let’s check him,” John said, starting to turn. Sherlock let him go reluctantly.
He checked his phone: nothing from John. Sherlock hadn’t sent him a message either. There was nothing he could say. At least not until he solved the problem. There had to be a way he could have what he wanted—give John what he wanted—without compromising his mind palace. Why did desire have to be such massive mental real estate? How could he find space for it when his brain was already filled to critical levels with essential information?
Sherlock sprang from his crouched position on the chair, striding over to his laptop. He sat down at the living room table and flipped up the screen.
Heat was radiating around his wrist as John stood and walked forward. The constant pressure and warmth on his skin was combating the numbness that had nearly overwhelmed him before. The fog swirled and parted as he moved. He held his left wrist where he thought Sherlock’s hand was.
Sherlock’s focus flicked from red to dark blue as it centred sharply on John’s eyes. They sparked with an electricity that Sherlock could almost feel running through John’s body where it was pressing heavily into him—heat in energy—and through his hands that were gripping Sherlock’s arms hard enough to bruise.
Sherlock had already grabbed a clean vial from the table. He pressed it to John’s hand, allowing the blood to run into it, waiting for the correct amount.
Sherlock played the music and stepped forward. He took John's right hand and placed it on his back. He rested his left hand on John's shoulder. With his right hand he clasped John's left and raised it out to the side.
He snapped his attention back to what he was doing, which, unfortunately, was touching Sherlock’s bare chest. Sherlock ran his thumb over John’s old wound, and John realised the ever-curious detective must be just as interested in John’s scar as John was in his. John knew Sherlock had seen it from time to time when they had lived together, but never—John didn’t recollect—inspected it closely or touched it. John knew his own scar well enough by now. An ugly red marring that he had accepted would never fade, tracing out to white and silver around the edges.
“You should lie down,” he said reluctantly. He didn’t want John to lie down, because that would require letting go of him, and he was not interested in letting go of him. But John was tired—exhausted—of course he was. Sherlock knew the effort it was requiring for him to simply stand here like this. John would need days of rest to regain his strength while the antidote helped his body to heal.
“Do we have to see his legs?” John tried. “Can’t we just question him about Riley’s scars and get him to tell us what we need to know?” If Tony Bauer was close mates with one of their victims, Brandon Riley, there was a good chance he’d know something about it.
John sighed, "No, I am, but we could set the record for the world's shortest marriage if Mary dumps me at the reception for being shit at dancing."
For god's sake, you would think they tumbled through doors groping each other by the way people reacted.
They dropped their hands as fast as if they had been burned. John spun around and walked a few paces away. Sherlock stopped the music.
Sherlock hesitated, an expression briefly flickering over his face that Mrs. Hudson had only ever seen on him when he looked at John. "I don't mind."
As Sherlock hesitated, violin on his shoulder, looking out the window, deciding what to play, Mendelssohn came back to his mind. Well, why not? John was leaving; he could at least practice it for some better time. He heard John’s footsteps on the stairs behind him and John saying, “Off out.”
Sherlock was aware of the angry storm clouds of bruises circling his neck. He narrowed his eyes. “I’m fine. It’s just transport.”
"The game is on, John! I have an idea! There's information to be collected, people to be tracked down. Not a moment to lose!"
Lestrade watched Sherlock and John walk away. Sherlock handed John the file, then lifted the barricade tape so John could duck under it. Lestrade shook his head. There was one person on the planet for whom Sherlock was (unconsciously? consciously?) considerate, and that person seemed to be entirely oblivious.
He’d just wanted the name of her divorce lawyer. The one she used when she ended things with Clara. He had called her up thinking she would give him the name, maybe some brief condolences, but nothing exceeding a few minutes. Then they could both go back to their separate worlds where the other only existed for a day at Christmas, and sometimes not even then.
John shut his eyes. That voice. Unmistakable. Inimitable. The rich baritone as beautiful as every other part of the detective. Deep and smooth; the perfect English accent. The man could narrate bloody nature documentaries if he wanted to. John remembered the terror that had stricken him when he thought he was forgetting the sound of it in the years Sherlock was gone.
They barely spoke in the time John was awake, and in many ways he was grateful for the silence. He was exhausted as his body healed itself, and in the brief periods of time he managed in the living room it was soothing to sit quietly and listen to Sherlock play the violin, or to watch him methodically working through an experiment.
he thought, with her controlling perfectionism for every aspect of Looking Glass Cabaret. She kept her unlikely crew of drag queens, dancers, acrobats and vaudevillians in line with a sharp tongue and laser glares, and the club had been gaining popularity and notoriety since its opening nine months ago. John was a celebrated draw as his wickedly charming Lady Grey, and Sherlock knew his lover basked in the approbation of the fans. Sherlock may be selfish and somewhat socially tone-deaf, but even he would not be so uncouth as to cause a scene on a show night. As much as he would hate it, he would have to wait. He groaned out loud.
“You know, whoever you end up with will be a very lucky woman, John,” Marjorie said slowly, watching the dancers.
Sherlock submersed himself in the sensations of John wanting him, John kissing him, John against him, (all so new, all so addictive) for another full minute before he could tear himself away enough to reply. “Because we have to meet your Aunt for brunch in twenty minutes.” He dropped his head to John’s shoulder, panting lightly.
Until Davies started cackling. “Oh, my god, Gary, did you really? What was it like? Was there a noise? Did her head get all floppy? Please, tell me all about it!” He cackled again.
Sherlock’s mouth opened, and again without direction from his furiously cogitating mind he blurted, “I’m a virgin, John.” Dear God, what had he just said? He was every kind of idiot.
Lady Grey crooned, as she was approached by another dancer, this one unexpectedly silver-haired and tanned, and likely older than John. He was ruggedly fit and clad in sleek motorcycle leathers that clung like a second skin - Sherlock immediately hated him. Again Lady Grey was raised from her seat and she and her partner glided around the stage in a full-contact tango that looked positively indecent.
Continued thanks and humble, amazed appreciation for those of you who have stuck with this story despite my wretched update schedule. You have been so kind and understanding about the difficulties of RL and my own massive case of anti-inspiration. My sincere desire not to disappoint you all is the reason there is an update now, and more to come as life allows. We're getting there, my dear ones, and we'll get to the end! <3
- between his own then releasing so he could return again. He felt no urgency to escalate the kisses, amazed to have the experience at all, reveling in the texture of Sherlock’s pout, the heat of the hand against his jaw, the pull in his own muscles as he stretched up to meet Sherlock’s mouth.
“Well, I think it’s grand,” Uncle Tim broke in unexpectedly. “It’s good to see you looking so happy, John. Even at your own wedding you didn’t look as comfortable and… right, I guess. Solid. As you do today. Long lives together to you both.” He nodded emphatically and raised his coffee cup in a toast.
Sherlock was casting about for something to say, while his faculties came back online and he exerted all his control not to yank John to him and resume the kisses; even he could tell John would not welcome such an action at the moment. He was about to suggest they retire for the night to collect themselves.
“Yes,” Sherlock grasped John by the biceps, face as sincerely open as John had ever seen it. “I apologized for being gone when I was away, and I knew I had hurt you, but I didn’t really understand what that meant for you. My dying, I mean. And you seeing it happen, though I orchestrated it carefully and tried to get you away.”
As they neared the office, John’s steps slowed with his reluctance to talk about why he was so out of sorts this morning. He should be happy, excited that he'd get to go home today, and he could hardly think that far.
Spike’s weeping and moaning had been gaining volume throughout, but at this it cut off completely, and he stared at Davies through red eyes. “Amanda is dead, Mister D. I loved ‘er and she’s dead, because of me. Can’t you get dat frough your ‘ead? What problem is worse ‘an ‘at?”
he stepped forward a little more, doing his best to ignore the warmth of Sherlock’s back which he was pressing more firmly against in the process.
They each relaxed their holds and widened the space between them preparatory to breaking apart, when John’s expression gained a sly twist. “This is practice, yeah?” Sherlock nodded. “Well then-“ John rose up on his toes, and pressed a quick, soft kiss to Sherlock’s lips. “Nothing to it, right?” He grinned as Sherlock’s eyebrows tried to crawl into his hairline. “I think we’ll be fine.”
What was different this time? He and John were versatile, giving and receiving as the whim took them, or skipping penetration altogether in favor of other pleasures. There had certainly been other times when he lay utterly spent, wrung out with pleasure and the contentment of John’s presence beside him, but something about this moment felt different. Significant. He didn’t entirely understand it, but before he could drop back into his mind to analyse, the words John were saying registered. John frequently told Sherlock he loved him, used the endearment ‘love’ with fair regularity, made wry comments referring to ‘his love’ in conversation with others. It seemed to roll off his tongue so easily.
“Sherlock,” he tried again, looking up and meeting the inquisitive gaze from his friend. Prismatic pale eyes regarded him and his tongue stilled in his mouth, his lips ceased to form words. He stared into his friend’s face, knowing that the man was waiting for him to speak, but nothing came. He huffed out a frustrated breath.
“Yes, practice. Acting like a couple. Becoming comfortable with the closeness we’ll have to portray. In short, not flinching when we touch each other. Problem?”
“Yes, fine. I need to think.” Sherlock closed his eyes and folded his hands on his chest, cataloging the firm muscle beneath his neck and the texture of John’s jeans for his mind palace. He would move on to the professor’s question once that vital information was recorded.
By the next morning, John was seriously regretting asking to be left alone. All night, he would start to drift off and then snap awake, little replays of events that had led to him being stuck in this drab hospital plaguing him with their recriminations.
When the door shut behind her, Sherlock and Rosie settled back into the chair by the bedside, where he produced a set of plastic keys on a ring from a pocket to entertain the girl. She was happy to manipulate them and mouth at them while Sherlock and John regarded each other in silence.
John internally berated himself; he should have given Sherlock a remedy for the bruises; it was the least he could do.
“Watch me,” John said, and pressed forward, pushing into Sherlock’s loosened passage. “Don’t close your eyes.” He paused, allowing them time to acclimate to the fullness, the tightness of their connection. “See me, Sherlock. Nobody sees me like you do.” His hips came to rest against Sherlock’s buttocks, fully seated. Again he paused so they could adjust, ever the gentleman.
Lady Grey reclaimed her hand long enough to tuck it into Sherlock’s elbow and they took a moment to lean together and breathe. In the tall heels she was wearing, she was much closer to his height. It was novel. “Hello,” she murmured in his ear. “You utter bastard, you look good enough to eat in that outfit.”
“Here, let me,” he said without stopping to think; his voice sounded unnaturally loud in the quiet of the room, and John twitched as if he had forgotten he was not alone. He regarded Sherlock with some surprise. Sherlock stepped up behind his friend and took the tie out of his hands.
Sherlock hummed agreement, then turned to John. “Our train back to London isn’t until five, so we’ve got some time to kill. Shall we go look at the bees?”
John lifted his head, abruptly realizing Rosie was squirming against him, protesting the tightness of his hold. He relaxed his arms and she quieted. John dropped his head back to the pillows, face stretching back into a grimace as he - yet again - tried to hold back tears, and failed.
“Bloody hell, what happened to him?” Lestrade asked. “I mean, good on you catching him and all, but he’s been beaten bloody, hasn’t he?” He turned to Sherlock, then John, “well? What happened?”
John held steady, making sure of his aim, and began to squeeze the trigger when a weight barreled into him, knocking him aside. His gun discharged and he heard a cry of pain, then Sherlock and Spike toppled over on top of him, knocking the wind out of him with a whoosh.
Sherlock seemed intent on pointing out all the deductions he had made of John’s fellow patients, and rattled on for the next hour with much waving of hands and waggling of eyebrows. John was content to listen, occasionally making a disbelieving sound to encourage Sherlock to explain his reasoning, and when he did, unable to contain his exclamations of astonishment that such little tells could inform so much.
“And then about every. Single. Bloody. Thing. In the world! I’m tired of your talking and talking. Just stop talking for once in your life!” Marjorie’s words spooked a dozen crows from nearby trees, and they flew off, cawing. Stephen watched them, rapt.
John huffed a smile of his own, relieved that the crisis seemed averted. “Yeah, o‘course - but I’m sure by then you’ll have found some brilliant cancer researcher who will sweep you off your feet, and you won’t need to pity date a beat up old soldier.” He waggled his eyebrows at her. “I won’t be such a catch at forty-two, you know.” Her face lightened and she giggled a bit. John breathed an internal sigh of relief.
John pursed his lips and frowned. A stone a little smaller than a ping-pong ball, shot at a force to cave in a man’s forehead bone, would need a pretty strong slingshot. He squinted at the photo again, wondering about the damaged bark, but his eye caught at the expanse of almost translucent skin highlighted by the merciless flash. Sherlock had a scattering of moles on his neck, John noted, that caught the eye in the harsh light. Had he never noticed them before? How odd.
John opened his eyes to tight slits, to see Sherlock’s silhouette looming over him, shielding him from some of the light, but not enough. “S’bright,” John croaked, his voice barely a whisper with the dryness in his throat.
Aunt Brigid and Uncle Tim took their leave soon after; they had the rehearsal dinner in a few hours and had declared they would need naps if they were to survive it, old fogies that they were.
“I’ll be fine,” John said. “It’s what I signed up for, what I’ve trained for. I want to go, actually. I’ll be serving Queen and country, and saving lives, saving my fellow soldiers. I’m a very good doctor, you know.” He continued, his eyes growing distant as he thought of the challenges he would face. “But what surprised me is that I’m a good soldier too; good with the hard work, good with my team, with the fighting, with a gun. Very good. It’s what I was born to do, I think.” He trailed off, considering what he’d learned about himself getting to this point.
John stepped gingerly toward him, brows drawing down as he tried to figure out how to do as he was asked. “Where, then?”
He had his eye on the vicar’s pretty niece, in town for the month from Scotland, and was trying to decide if he was steady enough to ask her to dance when Marjorie sat down straight-backed beside him and blocked his view. She’d brought a bottle of very good whiskey with her, and he found himself mesmerized by the crisp speed of her diction as she told him all about her research, her degree, her prospects for an R&D position with an as-yet-undetermined big pharma company, since several were courting her. More than an hour slipped by as she spoke, diction and posture softening with each glass she poured, and John regaled her in turn with stories of medical training, scientific mishaps and the truly macabre shenanigans medical students could get up to when motivated; his habitual charm making her blush prettily more than once. He found himself enjoying her company as much as he enjoyed her whiskey, and wondered blearily to himself why he had always stayed so aloof with her growing up. She wasn’t his type, sure, but she wasn’t so bad. The drink seemed to make her a bit soppy, though.
, he thought muzzily. “Please, stay, John, stay with me. Don’t leave me like this. Not like this, John.”
Nurse Savage tilted her head, considering. “He was really worried about you,” she began, “I could tell - when he first showed up here at the desk, he was white as a sheet. Thought he might pass out, even, after we said we didn’t know you weren’t in your room. ‘Course, his color came back right quick after he started shouting at Jeremy, poor lad.” She snorted again. “But your friend, he was frantic to find something telling him where you’d gone; assuming the worst, I reckon.” She snapped her mouth shut and colored faintly after that last statement, realizing she may have gone too far.
John raised his eyebrows. It was a shockingly cynical view for a child, even if the child was Sherlock. But then something else occurred to him.
"Of course," Hannah said, readjusting her purse on her shoulder. "Erm, good luck with everything. Bye then," she said giving John a final glance around Sherlock before exiting the flat.
six feet tall. People meeting him for the first time remarked that he was shorter than they expected, and John had not failed to notice that Sherlock was shorter than his brother. (He would remind the detective of this if he ever wanted a rematch of their fight today.)
Sherlock reeled as he understood what Mycroft was saying, and he hated him for being right. Because he did know where John was. He knew exactly where, and he had to get to him. Now.
John’s mouth quirked to a half smile as he pulled out his phone and found Mycroft’s name in his contacts.
By the time Sherlock stepped back, and John’s scattered thoughts were able to reorder themselves, he regretted what he’d said. He even got as far toward telling the truth as, “Actually—” before Sherlock interrupted him, asking for her phone.
In all fairness John’s amateur writing—with his overly romanticised perspective of their cases and his questionable use of punctuation—was an easy target for mockery, and by all means Sherlock would continue to do it. But that wasn't what he'd meant to say. Not then, anyway.
… “Did you miss me?” Did he? The Magnussen/Morstan case had been fascinating and nearly fatal enough hold his attention. But now…
John switched his gaze to Sherlock’s face and was startled to see the detective looking at him with plain, unreserved amazement. He was breathing heavily, eyes fixed on John’s. John felt himself involuntarily draw in a breath. Sherlock’s pupils were contracted to pinpoints, irises blown wide: the kaleidoscope colours in his eyes were dazzling, beautiful to the point of distraction and it took John longer than he would have liked to realise his pupils shouldn’t be contracted in the dim lighting. John held the side of Sherlock’s face with no small amount of concern.
Sherlock was watching John’s face steadily. “I can’t empathise with you, John. But you’re an idiot if you don’t know you’ve been my priority from the day we met.”
“The poem seems to suggest otherwise,” Sherlock countered coolly. “Exceptions to your infallible logic, dear brother?”
. Of course he would be prepared. He’d begun preparing from the moment his delightful older brother had given him his sentence. A roundup of chemicals: pills and powders and liquid. He could experiment now, try all sorts of new combinations; why not? One of the more interesting features of a death sentence is that from the moment you receive it, the concept of ‘risk’ becomes redundant. There is no gamble with life and death when the ending has already been written.
It had been ten months since Sherlock shot Magnussen in the head, and thirteen months since Mary shot Sherlock in the chest. And god he’d tried to forgive her. Cooking dinner at her side, watching movies on the couch, pushing his palms into his eyes until he saw white spots he’d tried to forgive her. But he’d given it a year, and each day the concept of ‘domestic bliss’ seemed to move further out of reach. Pretending wasn’t working.
volumes. However, he hadn’t played what was arguably Mendelssohn’s most famous piece, and one that was specifically written for the violin: his Concerto in E Minor. It was powerful. Arresting. Beautiful. And he hadn’t played it for John yet. He didn’t know why. He knew it well enough; it had just never felt like the right time.
The East Wind was a force that ripped through the Earth, destroying everything in its path and flinging people into oblivion.
John was fascinated by him, and he was fascinating to Sherlock. And suddenly there was a reason to focus again. In John’s eyes the intrigue of the cases was heightened, and in John’s blog there was a better version of himself than had ever existed. Within days John Watson had drowned out the whispering words of his addiction almost completely, and for the first time someone’s praise had resonated in his mind loudly enough to fight back even the worst of the bad thoughts that seeped into his mind in the nights without heroin.
“Good.” Sherlock suddenly turned his head, listening. “Taxi,” he said, though John had heard nothing. “Let’s go, John. The game is on!”
Briefly he wondered which would be crueller for his brother, if John died or if John woke up. Because if John woke up they would have to fall back into pretending, if either man wanted to maintain any shred of his self-constructed identity: John as staunchly heterosexual and Sherlock as superior to love and contemptuous of all forms of affection. Looking at Sherlock curled over John’s body Mycroft sincerely doubted that any such pretence would remain a possibility if John woke up. And what then? Would his haughty brother really condescend to a physical relationship? Or having shattered that delicate friendship—the love they shared so precariously balanced between platonic and not—would they have to say goodbye, knowing self-deception would no longer be an option?
Sherlock may have a low opinion of his detective abilities, but Lestrade hadn’t gotten to the rank of Detective Inspector at Scotland Yard by accident. His observation skills, while admittedly lacking in comparison with Sherlock’s, were much sharper than the average person’s. And what he saw when he watched Sherlock and John together was nothing short of incredible. Despite Sherlock’s expertise in concealing, burying, locking away, tamping down with a shovel, or whatever it was he did to his emotions, they somehow managed to shine through, like the faintest filter of light through the smallest of cracks, when John was close by.
For a moment Sherlock looked broken, like a shattered window, gaping and hollow, but it vanished in an instant as his face resumed its blank exterior.
Mrs. Hudson and John were both giggling and Sherlock stood to let his glower radiate further. “There’s a lack of school children present for such childish humour,” Sherlock said sulkily.
Sherlock held himself defiantly still as the syringe was pushed into the vein just below his collar bone.
“No,” he said, shaking his head. “No, Sherlock, I am not going to stand here between these posh flats yelling the word ‘twat.’”
“You can,” Sherlock returned. “Consider it your ‘I No Longer Have Mortgage Payments’ gift to yourself.”
That evening Sherlock was sulking. The satisfaction of proving the ruling on the Davis case wrong had, like all of Sherlock’s previous successes, been short-lived.
John found himself staring at the space one of the most important men in England had just occupied for more than a few seconds before he remembered to blink.
It was a testament to how far gone Sherlock was that he didn’t hang up immediately. Instead he said, “Mycroft, please,” hating the pain in his voice. “I can’t—”
Sherlock paced Mycroft’s obnoxiously posh flat as he worked his way through his third cigarette. It had taken two before his hands stopped shaking. He didn’t bother opening the window. Mycroft was a prat; he deserved whatever smoke fumes he got.
Sherlock was not really listening. David Rodgers’ autopsy results had come in and he’d spent the morning at the lab analysing the victim’s blood. He’d found poison, as predicted. (Of course Rodgers hadn’t died from the stab wound, it would take Anderson-level blundering not to have seen that.) But what kind of poison? He was England’s unofficial expert on poisons, and this was not something he’d seen before. It was something new.
He worked Sherlock’s mouth, intoxicated by the taste of him, running the tip of his tongue along the length of Sherlock’s, stroking, using it to draw Sherlock’s tongue into his mouth.
John groaned again. Perhaps it was his proximity to John now (he’d always maintained his distance in the doorway when observing previous nightmares), or perhaps it was a composite result of how much they had been through together since the pool, but Sherlock realised he wouldn’t be able to watch this time. It was imaginary pain, but real suffering. And Sherlock couldn’t watch John suffer.
Sherlock was lying on his side, arm wrapped around John’s neck from behind. He grunted trying to control John’s flailing, which slowed after a moment, and Sherlock was alarmed when John suddenly went limp in his arms.
John had stood blinking at his flatmate through the haze of intoxication. “You’d think you were undoing men’s shirts all the time,” he mumbled.
Sherlock sighed dramatically and flopped backward in his chair, tilting his head back. “And…” he said slowly. John waited. “And my skull’s become boring.”
“So, you will memorise this photograph,” Mycroft continued sternly, “and you will be vigilant until I tell you otherwise. Now that you’re back at Baker Street you’re in a better position to watch for him.”
Sherlock used his considerable strength to whip the chair directly at him. John managed to leap back just in time, and a loud BANG reverberated through the alley as the chair slammed into the metal skip.
John reached over and cupped his chin. Sherlock jumped at the touch, but he allowed John to turn his head so that he was looking up into his eyes.
“Transmission through saliva, yes," Sherlock said without looking up. He added offhandedly, "I didn't know it would make you fall over."
“I put considerable effort into persuading my client to allow you to work with me in Switzerland, but he wouldn’t have it and in the end the case was too interesting to pass up,” Sherlock insisted.
“It really could be a coincidence though,” John said, doing his best to ignore the deluge of sensory memories, warm skin and the soft press of limbs, threatening to derail his focus. He was feeling lightheaded from the crouched position and possibly from inhaling the scent of Sherlock’s hair too deeply. God, what was wrong with him? He was stone cold sober this time.
John’s good humour lasted until they arrived back at the inn and he discovered Sherlock’s accommodation plan for the night.
“I want to know how good you are,” Sherlock said. “Go on. Show me. The doctor’s wife must be a little bit bored by now.”
It was all true from John’s side. He knew that now. But whether Sherlock’s lines held any weight in the real world was a different story. The scene had been nothing more than a fantasy, possibly even as hollow as wishful thinking. But perhaps John was not as hopeless at deduction as Sherlock despaired of him to be. Perhaps his brain had gleaned more than he was aware of from his observations of the detective’s behaviour—deducing Sherlock’s feelings without being consciously aware of it.
As he tuned the instrument and prepared the bow he ran over the brief exchange he’d had with John in the kitchen a moment ago. He’d been less than amused when John called himself ‘average’ and ‘boring.’ John may be a goldfish, but he was
Mary shut the door gently behind her. She took a deep, shuddering breath. She’d done all she could. If she didn’t want to see John get hurt, there was nothing she could do but not watch. It was over now, and she was determined to hear no more of John Watson and Sherlock Holmes. One day, she knew, she would see John’s name in the obituaries, or his murder on the news, and at that time she would have to take solace in knowing she had spared no effort in trying to prevent it.
“I know.” There was sadness in the child’s voice. “I know that’s how it works. Everything I love will leave me. I know.”
“Well, I hope you’re comfortable,” John muttered. It was the ride home from Irene Adler’s house all over again. A drugged Sherlock was apparently one who needed his space, and, like a cat, was content to ignore whatever bodies were already occupying said space.
John lifted his eyebrows. The unsolicited opinions of Sherlock Holmes on the women in his life would make for colourful reading.
Sherlock hesitated. He’d been glib before, in the alley when John had shot the assassin and had almost been shot in return. Glibness was his natural response to situations that had the potential to become Emotional, but this time he felt he’d got it wrong. No one would ever mistake Sherlock for a tactful communicator, but somehow mocking John’s blog had dropped even below his own standards for expressing the sickening panic he’d experienced when he heard the second shot, before he knew John was all right, and the amazement he’d felt at once again witnessing John’s reflexes and shooting.
The case had two features of interest: Ricoletti's unsolved suicide and Moriarty’s return, of course. But upon closer inspection there was a third, far more interesting feature, and that was John Watson. He was the conductor of the whole mad escapade, the focal point around which all sides of the dream turned.
She’d been working with Sherlock night and day, not fully understanding the project but following Sherlock’s orders obediently: prepping chemicals, running tests, recording reactions, only going home in the early hours of the morning to get some sleep.
A door creaked and the four men walked back into the main space. Sherlock watched as Moran and Tweedledee shook hands with the two Russians, and then as the snipers in the rafters shot both of the Russians through the backs of their heads.
However, it wasn’t until the first time he played Mendelssohn that Sherlock got a truly significant result. John had been sitting in his chair, working on his laptop when Sherlock began to play. In only a minute John had closed his laptop, propped his elbow on the arm of the chair and rested his chin on his fist. He watched Sherlock without seeing him, spellbound by the notes. When Sherlock finished the awareness seemed to come back into his eyes and he asked, “What was that?”
) person you need. A person you would spend whatever wretched remaining years you had suffocating without.
As he neared the front garden he recognised with a start that it was Sherlock’s parents’ house. The home the detective had grown up in and the place John had been invited to one memorable Christmas which had begun with festive nibbles and ended with Sherlock shooting a newspaper tycoon in the head.
night had poison. Like Russian roulette. She had three appointments on one specific night, and those are them,” Sherlock gestured to the pictures of the dead bodies on the wall. “Bauer was lucky. He must have seen someone else.”
“Oh god, you’re not going to deny it, are you? Do you want to pretend you weren’t already half hard when he shoved you down on the couch in that soldier uniform of his?” Moriarty’s eyes flicked down, lingering on Sherlock’s trousers as though he could undo them. “What about his gun?” Sherlock felt his eyebrows raise as Moriarty produced John’s pistol from his suit jacket. Moriarty looked at it in a mock impression of lust. “Don’t you just... want to lick it?” He touched his tongue just above the trigger and dragged it slowly up the shaft. “I suppose you could pretend you don’t,” he said, gazing at the tip of the gun, “but it would be
John felt his chest tighten almost painfully as he recalled the consulting detective’s expression in that moment, cold mask of aloof detachment stripped by exhaustion and pain, and what John saw there was powerful enough to haunt his dreams. He’d been too upset at the time to properly consider what the emotion in those normally guarded eyes meant (having just learned everything he knew about his wife was a lie), but he’d had plenty of time later, lying awake at night or sleeping fitfully. The vision came back to him again and again.
John wondered if he was underdressed in his jeans and shirt, but a glance around revealed other men in the same attire. However, Sherlock, with a dark purple designer shirt visible beneath suit jacket, was (for once) not overdressed either. There were a considerable number of men in suits as well—straight from the office to the bar on a Friday night.
Sherlock could practically hear John’s embarrassed silence through the door before Mrs. Hudson continued, “Do you think Sherlock knows how lucky it is for him that he’s so pretty?”
. Weren’t they both living and breathing for Sherlock at that point? And this is what Harry was saying. They hadn’t spoken in a year, and yet here she was now, telling him the same thing Irene Adler had told him years before.
“Jesus,” John said, examining his pupils, “you are high.” He let go of Sherlock’s face and felt a lingering burn on his fingers from the contact. Some drug. No wonder sex workers found it useful. “What were you doing? Eating the lip stuff in the cab?”
Sherlock snapped the chain across the warehouse door with the pair of bolt cutters he’d brought for the purpose. He pushed on the door and it gave only slightly. He put his shoulder into it and the rusty hinges swung open.
John was mostly passive when he played Sarasate and Paganini, hardly looking up from what he was doing. He shifted and sighed or even got up to make tea when he played Vivaldi. He mentioned the songs sounded familiar when he played Tchaikovsky (of course anyone would recognise the songs from
Sherlock ran, flinging open the doors and jumping into the waiting car, neither noticing nor caring that it was one of Mycroft’s cars and not a taxi.
“It was absurdly easy to find you,” Sherlock drawled, regaining his nonchalance. “It’s almost as if you weren’t even trying to make it interesting for me.”
“Reeves is down,” John said to Mycroft, glaring at his soon-to-be ex-flatmate, who adopted an innocent expression. “Your brother lives to irritate us all another day.”
Needless to say Sherlock continued to be an obnoxious brat throughout the six years he attended that school. Their parents were mystified how it was that he never once came home with a scratch on him.
The resultant position had Sherlock reclined across the back seat of the cab, head on John’s chest, and feet up against the opposite door.
here? On the one hand, if he did, he supposed it would be easier for Sherlock to wake him if he was in pain or if he needed something. On the other hand, sleeping in Sherlock’s bed… with Sherlock in it… John tossed aside the thought. Sherlock had been drugged, injured, and almost killed tonight, and now he was asking John to stay with him—whether for comfort (John couldn’t imagine) or convenience (more likely), or whatever reason, it didn’t matter. If Sherlock needed him here, he would be here.
