Looking back at John expectantly, he asked, “Now what?” entirely unsure of what was to come next.  Entirely unsure why John was looking at him with such intensity.  What was going on in that funny little brain? He wondered.
Colin beamed at Geoffrey.  “Thank you, thank you so much.  Tis one more thing, though.  Do you know who Sir John the Courageous of Cambridge be?  Twas in Leith a few days back.  I, uh, I have need to know in which direction he travels.”
Kneading, pressing, massaging, John didn’t stay in one spot too long, after all, the point was not for Sherlock to fall asleep.
“Hello, love,” he says, stretching to kiss me.  “Sorry about that, I didn’t mean to nod off on you.”
I know she means well, but I do not know how to respond to this, for all I ever did was love him.  What else could I do?
It should have told him something that ever since he met the detective his overriding concern was to protect him, both physically and emotionally.  It should have told him something that the happiest, most comfortable times in his life were with Sherlock by his side.  It should have been abundantly clear how much Sherlock meant to him when he was almost on the brink of death himself when Sherlock ‘died’.
“Whilst thou be…wherever thou has been.  The innkeeper brought it, and buckets of warm water, so thou can bathe.”
The hand that has not left mine gently leads me to the sofa.  He lies down, pulling me with him.   We have no choice but to fit tightly against each other in the slight space, not that we would want it any other way.  He presses my head to his chest where I can hear his heartbeat, strong and steady.
But during the two years he exiled himself he came to realize there were people he did care about, and he wanted to no longer take them for granted even if it meant to the detriment of his work.  In doing so, his ability to see those around him clearly had suffered more than he realized.  The mental acuity for which he was so well-known had become clouded to the extent that he had failed to see the threat in the room with him.  Mary.
What be he to do about Sherlock?  Be it reasonable to stay away?  He knew why he did - to save himself later heartache.  But would it not be better for him to be with Sherlock, to guide him?  Not that John had not been doing what he could to help; he had sent money and had directed Colin to a blacksmith.  With Adam’s help, Colin would take care of the armour.  And though Aldus had never jousted, as closely as he had worked with John, he knew as much strategy as did John; he would teach Sherlock well.
“If it’s a burglar, why would he dress up in a big red suit?  So he can escape faster, Sherlock?  That doesn’t make sense.  Besides, what did he take?”
“Here, John, let me show you.”  Sherlock takes several pieces of folded paper from his other pocket, doing his best to smooth out the tattered edges, and hands them to me. In his elegant hand, I read the list of things he wants to do before he dies.
Mentally searching the kitchen, he tried to remember if behind the closed cupboard doors there was still a bottle that held a finger or two of liquid fire. Enough to get him through the next few minutes. Enough to get him out the door.
We cannot leave the studio, and the city, fast enough.  As vicious as the London tabloids get, none have dared to treat John in such a manner.  It is as if we have been sullied by the host’s malicious accusations, have been left with a grimy film on our bodies from a charmless, chaotic city which makes us long for the refinement of London, the tranquility of Wales.  We long for home.
, John emailed him instructions and after several attempts, during which he was unable to see Sherlock vex and mutter with annoyance, they were finally able to see the faces they had been talking to anonymously for far too long.
Sherlock wanted to growl in frustration. “You,” he said, barely holding himself in check, “were about to tell what you found when you pulled Alderman from the drawer.”
Too, the box filled him with the anticipation of discovering who Simon was and why he had targeted John. And of discovering that, in all likelihood, John had been a pawn in Simon’s game.
Mesmerized by the sound of the voice, John didn’t startle until it was gone.  Gone with the embrace and the wings and the body that had held such comfort.
I finally lose control over the muscles in my neck and my head lolls, coming to a rest on his shoulder.
“Let us ready the horses," Sir John told Aldus.  "We leave as soon as everything be torn down and packed.  It will help take your mind off things.  We be many hours behind Cedric and the longer we take to leave, the harder it will be to find him.  When we do track him down, we will turn him over the sheriff.  We cannot let him go unpunished.”
“We have trees at home, John; we can watch leaves change from the comfort of our own home,” I told him when he suggested the trip to New York would be the perfect opportunity to check the item off his Bucket List.
Still, it was Sherlock’s debt. Wiping his mouth with the back of a shaky hand, his other hand reached for his wallet, finding only an empty pocket. “I seem to have misplaced my wallet.” His gaze drifted from person to person, his eyes having difficulty focusing.
John mouthed ‘Thank you.’  How could Colin have understood that he and Sherlock needed time alone?  It could not be that Colin knew about them, could it?
“I’ve never been ‘heartsick’, as you call it, a day in my life. I merely had a persistent strain of flu that was going around.”
No, if John could not bear to see Sherlock die, how much more unbearable would it be to hear the merry cries in the moments before and after the execution?  There be nothing for which to cheer in seeing Sherlock hanged, not for John.
Scooting up further until he straddled slim hips, he leaned over, nearly lying on Sherlock as he kissed the nape of his neck, the curls at the top of Sherlock’s neck tickling his nose.  He loved the way Sherlock smelled.  There was nothing he could compare it to; no way to describe his scent, other than it was
John?  What is it?  What is hurting you?  You look so different than you did just a few hours ago, telling me you love me…with your mouth, your hands, your body.  Full of joy, as if life were perfect and never could be any other way.  As if you had everything you ever wanted.  Now you look as if your best friend has died.
Bubbles appeared in the messaging app, telling him Andi was typing. Then as suddenly as they appeared, they were gone, no text replacing them. Sherlock’s brow pinched, willing her to hurry along.
With Sherlock just standing and staring back at him, John smiled. “Come here you idiot,” his soft voice at odds with his words.
Sherlock continued.  “So you’re telling me that if, say, one day you’re lying about watching telly and I came over and asked you to kiss me, you would have?  You’d have just said ‘Sure, Sherlock!  Have a good go at it’.” Sherlock looked at John expectantly, daring John to contradict him.
Clearly he wasn’t going to be able to finish until his mother got whatever it was she wanted.  Sherlock sighed, exasperated, and inelegantly folded the newspaper, setting it on the table.
“What? Then what was your purpose in bringing me here? If Mrs. Hudson is safe from him without my assistance, that means I wasn’t necessary. Meaning, you brought me here on pretense.” Sherlock’s flush of victory from knowing that he had been correct about not being needed, collapsed with the realization that deep inside there had bloomed an tiny hope that, yes, he
“A world of difference,” John said, but he realised he had not, either, ever coupled out of love.  Lust, yes.  A means to an end, yes.  But never for love.  And never with a man.  He searched Sherlock’s eyes, shadowed by the night.  In a very real sense they were both new to this situation.   New to love and new to true physical affection.
He sucks in air, trying to catch his breath as if to convince me; he need not do so, I am far too observant to miss the fact that he is in agony.
As I often do, and as I often did when we lived together in 221b, I wait until I am certain he is sound asleep, and quietly open his door.  I sit in the chair at the end of the bed and watch him sleep.  The sound of his rhythmic breathing brings a peace to me that is unmatched by any case, any experiment, any vista outside our cottage.  I can sit like this for hours, not needing or wanting anything other than to be near him, to let his presence fill me with a contentment nothing else brings.
have a lover, John thought; it had never occurred to him to even ask.  It had never occurred to him Sherlock might be interested in having a partner, after all, the first night they’d had dinner at Angelo’s Sherlock had said it ‘wasn’t his area’.
Andi took off her glasses and rubbed the bridge of her nose. They needed to find Simon, and soon. He was the monster they had made, and yet they didn’t know where he was or what he would do next. The hole burning in her stomach told her that she didn’t want to face what she truly feared. The incidents with James and Spencer were minor, they had harmed only themselves, but Simon’s skills had progressed exponentially, and with the track he was on, there could soon be mass casualties.
Sir John watched Cedric and Aldus wade into the water, their swords drawn long before they reached the trio.  None appeared to be, but if anyone in the water were armed, he was confident they would be no match for such fine swordsmen.  Cedric and Aldus had served him for years, bringing no fewer than five men to their ends, their reflexes unable to match the speed and precision of his men’s skillfulness.
Mum walked her elder son to the door, a sigh of exasperation escaping him when she pulled him down to give him a kiss on his cheek.
When he is done having his way with my mouth (Do not think for one moment I did not have my way with his, as well; that would be foolish of you.), he tells me to sit up.
John watches my face as the pout transforms into a cloudy scowl and then into an air of disinterest.  I throw my legs off the bed, marching to the loo.  I must get myself under control!  I mentally flip my (annoying, cloying, soppy) emotional thermostat from ‘I l-o-o-o-ove John’, to a perfunctory,’ I love John’; no whining involved.  I come back into the room, my sensibilities righted.  I feel much better now.
I hesitate.  Do I keep John alive by letting him breathe, or do I make him happy by moving to where he tells me, taking the risk of suffocating him?  I choose to let him live, stubbornly remaining where I lie.
Sherlock snatched his mobile from where he’d set it, angling the lens so John could see the odd picture on the wall.
For as long as I can remember there have been few things that have been important to me.  To solve the perfect crime (This I did three times).  To be the smartest person in the room (Rarely does it happen that I am not).  To live a life independent of the tedious demands of people who did not and do not matter to me.
The hurt John felt at Sherlock’s statement surprised him.  Sherlock's friendship was the only stable thing in his life since he discovered Mary’s past and he hadn't realized how much he relied on it.  Standing as tall as he could, he did his best to look dignified in Mrs. Holmes’ clothes.  He was going to follow Sherlock across the street and investigate the damn roof along with him.  It was what he did.  It was who he was.
The rain rolling off his hat and slicker only served to dampen his already foul mood.  He hated this job, hated the bloody fuckers who couldn’t keep their hands off other people’s property or other men’s women.  He was counting the days until he and his wife could move to the country, put in a big vegetable garden, maybe put a few cows to pasture.
; whatever that means. We’re almost back to the house, and I just thought, well, I thought maybe you could help him out. He was mumbling something about how you help him think.”
“You know, tis not much time left.”  William curved his hand around hers.  His fingers stiff and uncooperative, they managed no more than a claw-like pose, grotesque against her youth-plumped hand.
’ face, more like a ‘the sun is so bright and beautiful but I won’t tear my eyes from it even if I go blind’ face.
Getting out of the cab, Simon swept his hand in a wide arc, motioning Spencer to go ahead of him. “We’re going upstairs.” And as he looked around, the nerves in his stomach started to settle; as far as he could tell, they had arrived at their destination without being followed. It was a victory, albeit a small one compared to the one to follow—getting Rose safely back. But he couldn’t help but recognize that Rose or no Rose, his quest to be Known, to be Famous, was over. After this, he would never be able to complete his mission.
The first time was when I awoke him from a nightmare.  So deep was he in the throes of a firefight in Afghanistan, I could not wake him by conventional means; I used my best Major Holmes voice to break the hold his memories had on him.  I must have been very convincing; in his haste to follow his commander, he practically offered a salute as he sprang instantly into a sitting position.
you talking about, John?  I know you thought I was trying to be funny or trying to get something from you when I said this morning that you are ‘perfect’, but I was not.  I meant it.
John had seen in Sherlock’s eyes that he had understood he had been skillfully manipulated.  But Sherlock's need to be right, would he prevail?
“I could call you ‘idiot’,” Sherlock said.  “Twould be no stretch since tis what I call most people.”
“Were you with him when he blacked out or was he alone?  Do you know how long he’s been unconscious?”
This morning after our breakfast (Belated breakfast, I sigh contenedly.), as he groused about his dearth of funds whilst balancing his bank account, I devised a scheme to help him with his plight.  A plan so blindingly simple, I blush at my own brilliance.  But the plan means I must drive into the city and I do not want him to know I am going until it is too late for him to do anything about it; he says I drive like an ‘ambulance driver without brakes’.  He does not forbid me from driving (just try, John!), but I wish to avoid the argument that will ensue if I do not leave whilst he is unaware.
Dropping the steeple and uncrossing his legs, he taps the arms on each side of him.  “Yes, John.  You are right; I am wrong.  I should never have lied to protect you.”
It is our first night to bed after we enacted the kiss embargo.  I lie on my side of the bed, Johnless.  With a berm of blankets and pillows between our bodies, I cannot hug him; I can barely reach him, and when I do, he swats my hand.
As I finish putting the costume on, tucking the shirt into the trousers I pause.  “By the way, how do you know what my passcode is?”
He opens his eyes and I see their whites clearly in the dark, the pupils dark against them as he looks at me.
“Did you hear that?”  Reigning in his horse, Cedric stopped.  Twisting in his saddle, his eyes darted into the woods, onto the road in front and in back of them.  “Twas the sound of another set of hooves, maybe two or three.  And a dog.  I heard a dog.”
After checking to make sure John didn’t break the hinges on the door, he picked up the gun, emptied it of ammunition, and took it down to Mrs. Hudson’s for safe keeping.
Thank you, Burning_Up_A_Sun for your extraordinary beta-ing!  And thank you for your grace and patience in allowing me to go on about the chapter without actually saying what it's about until I send it to you.  I know that has to be annoying!
“You don’t know what I’ve done, Sherlock. I’ve betrayed our marriage. Betrayed you. We can’t come back from that.”
?!  Whilst I know that in his younger days, before he met Mary, he was quite daring, I am surprised to learn his tastes have not mellowed.
Sherlock looked intently at John, making sure that the sincerity on John’s face matched the words he heard.  Satisfied that it did, he quirked that most Sherlockian of grins.  The year was just starting and he already knew it would be the best yet.
Tilting her ear toward the door, she called out, “Who be there? Colin, tis thee? Do not stand there. Come in, come in.” Wiping her hands on her apron, she turned around.
), Dr. Juma considered Andi with multi-colored eyes—one brown, one blue. They were quite disconcerting.
After one last peek outside and seeing no Sherlock, John stripped off his clothes and huddled under the blankets, soaking in the luxury of the feather bed.  With silk sheets, no less.  He had missed the bed he had had in Cambridge; too many nights slept on makeshift beds had done no favours for his shoulder.
He cooks dinner and I watch.  We learned it is best he cooks if we want to avoid unexpected trips to the A &E.  Sometimes I get distracted and mix a chemical from one of my experiments into the recipe and we do not notice until one of us exhibits most interesting symptoms.  John recovered quite nicely from the last incident.  Thank you for asking.
Our eyes meeting, John’s are moist and he sniffs, blinking back his tears. He knows, as I, that the picture on the ornament is how we should always have been.  Living together.  Loving each other.  But life had other plans.
John glanced around to see if anyone was watching.  He knew he shouldn’t, but he felt compelled to touch the statue; he couldn’t keep himself from reaching out and smoothing his fingers along the rich stone, feeling his fingers practically tingle with anticipation. His eyes traveled up the rest of the form, taking in the soft, yet firm looking belly, the grace of the long, slender fingers that begged to be to be entwined with a lover’s, the strong sweep of the shoulders.  His eyes lingered on the elegant neck before moving up to reach the face.  The face that caused him to audibly gasp.  The face of Sherlock.  So remarkable was the similarity, had John not known better, he might have thought that his
“Are you surprised that, since now the couple has come out, you haven’t lost some of your core readership?  This is an unusual path to take for such a well-established series.”
Sherlock had to think fast. His original assumption had been that Moriarty died at the hands of one of his own men, someone bent on revenge for slights unknown.  Someone who could conceivably still be a threat to John. But since suspecting a Russian connection, his conclusions were taking him in a different direction.  A direction implying John to be in more danger than first thought.  A direction that implicated Mary.
At that moment a nurse entered the room, unaware of the underlying hostility between the new mother and her visitor.
Before they reach my ear, whispering, “I love you, sweetheart,” warm, soft lips kiss my brow.  My cheek.
Quickly forgetting what Sherlock was talking about, John’s fingers continued tapping on his laptop as he slowly churned out his latest blog entry, ‘The Wounded Knight’.
Pacing his living room, Sherlock stopped in front of the mantle and stared at the skull sitting there; it was a souvenir from his first murder investigation when he was just 10 years old.  Though he was a clever and precocious child, adults dismissed his involvement in solving the case, putting it down to his having overheard evidence discussed by the detectives assigned to the case.  Out of spite for the insult, for it had been he who had supplied the key evidence, he stole the decomposed head of the victim that eventually became The Skull and kept it with him ever since to remind himself of his first success.
Just as John was about to request Lestrade put out an All Points Bulletin, much to his relief, his mobile pinged.  He nearly dropped it in his haste to answer.
“Sherlock!!” Andi’s scream cut through the noise, through the blare of a horn growing louder. Her fingers dug into him, pressing through the layers of his suit jacket and Belstaff.
Colour rises to my cheeks as I remember my thoughts in the shower.  As I look at his hand and wonder how it would feel against me, caressing me in places he has not yet gone.  As I look at his lips and wonder if they would burn me as they whispered along my hip, traveling down to the sensitive skin on my groin.  Lingering there.
He must see my quizzical look for he repeats himself, adding kisses for emphasis.  “You are,” kiss, “absofuckinglutely,” kiss, “amazing.”  (Hmmm.  As fond as I am of being recognised as ‘amazing’, deservedly so 99.9% of the time, I must admit I like this improved version.  I shall endeavor to add the missing .1%. What gifts shall await me
As the black cab whisked them through the ether, Sherlock braced himself for what he might see at their next destination. The likelihood that his presence had improved John’s life in any meaningful way was slim, but it would be prudent to prepare himself for the worst.
“Why can’t he just leave me alone." She let the call ring out again, knowing that if she declined the call, he’d know she was there. And setting the mobile on the brass‑rimmed table in front of her, she stood, listening to it ring for the third time. But this time when it stopped ringing, about a minute out, the mobile emitted one sharp ding. He’d left a message.
ejaculate.  I have not studied the subject to a great degree, just enough to determine the appropriate frequency.”
And now he had just given the mastermind the ultimate forum to rain his own particular brand of terror on the world once again.
Sherlock hadn’t the bite in him to tell Rhoedes how wrong he was. There was nothing great about Sherlock Holmes.
?!  ‘Excited’ is used for finding the severed body part of a victim that reveals the method of murder.  For finally identifying the soil sample that tells me where a murderer buried a body.  This, John,
“I’m sorry, Sherlock. You’re here to learn to appreciate your value to others. You can’t help her if you were never born.”
Crawling toward the end of the bed, Sherlock dotted a trail of kisses on John’s chest and belly, but he failed to stop where John had expected. Nudging John onto his back, Sherlock splayed his fingers, palming the inside of John’s thighs and spreading them.
“Yes, all was, dare I say, blissful, until one day I chanced upon the servants gossiping in the great hall.  They did not know I had arrived home from my journey, and I heard one, Josef, boasting he had taken Laila as a lover.  Describing intimacies that would have made me blush were my face not already red from rage.  Furious, I charged him, my dagger already in hand; I did not remember removing it from its sheath.”  So distressing was the memory, he struggled to catch his air.  As his lungs heaved, he coughed, a ragged, moist cough, and with a trembling hand he wiped his chin of the drop of blood that landed there.
He pulls his arm from around me and sits by me on the bed, taking my hand in his.  “Anything you want, honey.  Anything.  I just want you to be well and happy.”
Sherlock is determined find out why his lips burned when he kissed John's back.  He may just drive them both crazy in the process.
Colin folded his hands together in front of him and settled on a solemn, expression - serious, but not about to attack them.
He went to his laptop on the desk, unbuttoning his jacket to allow ample room to move.  John had said he was living in Army housing, shouldn’t be too hard to find.
I turn away from Sherlock as I talk, not because I can’t bring myself to meet his eyes, but because I’m still thinking this through.
When the image on the screen came into focus, a loud hum filled Sherlock’s ears, blocking out all other sounds. The hum came not from the TV but from within him—the sound of his blood running through his veins, the pounding beat of his heart. Because what he saw on the screen filled him with all the foreboding and fear he had felt as he had knelt next to John, bloodied and broken after being hit by the cab.
“What I mean, love, is has thou ever done it for thyself.  I mean, I know thou…” Anger surged through John as he thought of the bastards who coerced Sherlock to “perform.”  Steeling himself, he plowed through.  “What I ask is, has thou done it for love?  For thy own desire?  Not because thou be compelled or because thou thought it ought be done. ”
Hunching in the chair, the heels of her bare feet resting on the edge of the seat, she tried to puzzle out Sherlock’s reaction.
Lestrade started at the sound of John’s voice, so occupied was he at the sight of Sherlock’s stillness.  His lifelessness.
Mycroft’s eyes narrowed as he looked down the length of his nose. “Whatever you’re thinking, stop it.”
“Oh, do not look like that,” Sherlock said, dismissing John’s dismay with a wave of his hand. “Tis the sentiment you value. You did not want to taint his memory by acting in such an unchivalrous manner. My guess is that associating with prostitutes tis not to be found in the Knight’s code of conduct.” Sherlock snorted.
I have more to offer than the jail, or any of your cellmates for that matter.  What a nasty looking lot.”  He shivers for effect, his latter comment echoing my thoughts, though I am inclined to use the descriptors ‘Neanderthals’ and ‘dullards’.
Thank you to my beta, my babysitter, my hand holder, my prop-er upper, the one who believes in me when I don't.  Bless you, Burning_Up_A_Sun.
Sherlock leaned down slowly, perhaps even a bit fearfully, the expression on his face saying he was uncertain what was about to happen. And when John put his hand to Sherlock’s face, cupping his cheek, brushing his thumb along a plump lower lip, Sherlock transformed into a different being. His whole demeanor softened; gone were the hesitancy and trepidation. His lips parted, just enough for John’s thumb to slip inside to find the warmth and moistness there, enough for john to believe that Sherlock trusted him. Completely.
Finished rinsing and turning off the water, “Hand me my towel,” he said.  He didn’t really need John to fetch him the towel, but it had been quiet out in the flat for far too long and there was a tension growing deep inside him, taunting him with the fear that John had left.  Had left without saying goodbye.
Cedric flitted about as he gathered up a plate, piled it with meat, and took it to John.  Asking him if he were warm enough; did he need a blanket?  Did he need help with his…daily constitutions?  Sherlock watched John’s face scrunch in puzzlement at Cedric’s behavior, fending himself from the over-solicitousness.
So deep in his musings was he it wasn’t until they were practically at the house’s stoop that he saw no lights illuminated the house. Odd. There was always at least one side lamp on.
“You will go home, John, and I will take my rightful place in prison for shooting Magnussen.  It’s as it should be.”
Thrilling with anticipation at being so close to freedom, Nika shook her head. “No, I think that will suffice.” Gathering her purse from beside her seat, she stood. “Let’s go retrieve that chip, shall we?”
John listened to the brothers’ conversation whilst puttering around the room, his attention on Sherlock.  On the excitement in his eyes, the graceful movements of his body.  And when, every once in a while, Sherlock glanced over with sparkling eyes and smiled, John knew that no matter how intrigued Sherlock be by whatever else went on around him, no matter how glad Sherlock be to have a family, John be at the forefront of his mind.
John’s proximity…hands touching him intimately, thighs leaning against his arms, warm breath on his neck when John leaned in to get a closer look at the video.
Lost in that other world, the younger version of me tells John I love him and can never live without him by my side.  That somehow I know he is as necessary as the air I breathe.
“I be sorry to hear that.”  Standing, Laila took John’s arm when he guided her hand to it.  “But I cannot help but think once a knight, always a knight. Tis not just a title, tis a bearing, a way of treating the people around you. You be a fine young man, Sir John the Courageous of Cambridge, and you will always be Sir John to me.”
He turns his attention back to Katie.  "I wasn’t trying to hide it from you, but this is still new to me.  And though he and I have known each other for years, I still need to get used to us being a couple.  I know it’s a shock to you, but I really do hope you can accept it.  It’s not the usual thing for your dad to suddenly be in a relationship with a man.”
“A brother?”  Colin finally spoke, his voice filled not with the condemnation she feared, but with wonder.
Were I to hear anyone else make such declarations, I would scoff, immediately analysing their food and drink for hallucinatory additives.  But as I say the words, I know for myself there are none truer.  To my great fortune, John is not me; he does not scoff.
“But Jo-o-o-hn,” I whine.  “We are on our honeymoon, on holiday.  A…a…sex holiday!  That is what this is!  Are we not to have fun?  You said that is why you wanted to come here.  Another rum whatchamacallit?  Please…just one more?”  I plead, holding up two fingers.
Listening to the declaration that would take him from John forever, Sherlock’s gaze clung to John’s eyes.  Eyes filled with love.  And grief.
Sherlock watched John think, a kaleidoscope of micro-expressions shaping and reshaping his features.
During their ride, the squires chatted quietly amongst themselves. Sherlock rode alone on Aldus' horse, with Aldus, a pout on his face, riding with Cedric. At the lead, when Sir John looked back to ensure everyone stayed together, he couldn't help but admire the servant's form. Despite his injuries, he held himself as if he had ridden all his life, comfortable with the strong beast between his legs.
At first, John’s brain didn’t register the problem, and it confused him that Sherlock didn’t get up and leave.
The rest of the evening he is quiet, watching telly, a beer in his hand that he rarely brings to his mouth.  I do not think he dislikes the beer, I think he is thinking.  Thinking about what, I have no wish to know.  At 11 o’clock, I watch him go to bed without saying a word, without taking my hand.  Without folding his fingers with mine and telling me that nothing brings him more happiness than to be with me.
John, you…you…bugger.  (Please forgive my vulgarity; it is true that long-married couples come to resemble each other, not just in looks, but in speech, as well.) I am about to tear up with sentiment for you and it is all your fault.  Single-handedly you have turned me into someone who coos at babies.  A man who would rather take a quiet walk in the hills with you than read the latest edition of Serial Murderer Monthly.  Someone who sits and admires sunsets whilst I hold your hand, entranced by colours which flow imperceptibly from one into the other making the next richer, deeper, more meaningful, much as it seems to be for you and me; often it is difficult to know where one of us begins and the other ends, so intertwined are we in all ways.
Mycroft looked up from his laptop into a pair of blue eyes intensely regarding him with dismay. “Do you know who the woman is, Sherlock?  Our analysts ran her through our face-recognition software, but Mr. Hazarika rejected any matches as having been the woman who contacted him.”
At heads facing downward. At the young woman who shielded the eyes of the child beside her while she herself couldn’t stop staring at what everyone else gawked at. At the man who seemed near hysterics, gesticulating wildly and then covering his mouth with his hand.
“Sherlock, love, I want to have sex with you,” he breaths into my ear.  “I want to copulate with you.  I want to make love to you.  I want to do you.  I want to shag you.  I want to fuck you.  As often and for as long as it takes for you to know that I want you.  That I love you in every way it is possible for one person to love another.  ”
Instead of anger, this time my name sounds to be a call of distress.  My pruners drop with a thud onto the soil beneath and I rush inside.  Maybe the Russian mob I so deftly eluded many years ago has finally caught up with me and they have taken John hostage, using him as a bargaining chip to secure my capture.  Maybe the local butcher discovered I ‘borrowed’ his favorite carving knife and has come to find me, brandishing his second favorite.
“All right, then,” Stamford said, the cloud evaporating from his face. “Who do you want to start with?”
“Do I look okay? Get off me!” Pushing aside the offending hand, Sherlock propped himself unsteadily onto his elbow, struggling to raise himself high enough to look through the door’s glass. High enough so that with a blurry gaze, he was able to see a man bumping a wheelchair down the last of the steps below.
He pulled the gun; pointed the barrel inside his mouth.  There was a gunshot.  Deafening, of course, with the range I was in.  I remember I jumped back, my ears were ringing.  He dropped to the ground.”
Rose lifted her head, opened her mouth and, pausing for just a moment as if to check if she were doing the right thing, she filled the small space with a deep woof.
“There is nothing I would like more,” Sherlock said, having taken his time answering to allow his heartbeat to slow to a more normal rhythm.
I hear noise in the distance. I think it is John’s voice, or maybe a vacuum cleaner… I am not quite sure.
Sherlock tossed his phone onto the bed and ran. He didn’t have to run far; John had gotten only as far as the kitchen sink, letting it prop him up as he braced his palms against it.
“No?  No, what, John?  These are for you.”  I slide the vase along the table, setting it closer to him. Perhaps he did not see the flowers, though they are easily within his peripheral vision.
“No,” John grumbled, shrugging Cedric off.  “Just, no.  I have laid down long enough.  But I could use something to fill my belly.”  He started to rise, but before he could lift himself to his feet, Cedric pressed him back down.
“I be Colin, Sir.”  Unsure if one bowed to a Knight, Colin settled on a small nod.  His attention divided, his gaze followed Sherlock’s retreat to the tents.
I close my eyes to the intensity in his, unable to fathom the source of love and desire I see there.  Knowing he is right when he says I am a ridiculous man.  Knowing I have done nothing to deserve his loyalty.  His passion.  Knowing that just hours ago I compromised our relationship with what I am now aware was a contemptible act.
Thrusting his cock into Sherlock’s hand, his heart pounded wildly in his chest; he feared he might at any moment have a heart attack.  And just as he was about to explode, for some inexplicable reason his brain started working again and he pulled away from the detective, panting heavily.
“Good,” John said, the soft snore that followed telling Sherlock that a belly full of ale and the lure of sleep had finally claimed him.
“Lie with me?” Sherlock’s head on the pillow, he turned his face up as John covered him with a blanket.
“It wasn’t a question.” Sherlock waved at the the air as if Molly were in front of him and he could shush her.
Ten?  And John still not up?  John never slept this late.  But…Mrs. Hudson said marriage changes people.  Could this be what she meant?
“And it’s a technological improbability; not close to where computer scientists are in their capabilities.” Sherlock watched Rose’s paws flicker as she chased after something in a dream. “Medication calculated to activate at the moment I gave the command so that she instantly went to sleep?”
Out of the corner of his eye, John noticed that instead of circling the packed car park for an empty space, the vehicle drove to the far exit and stopped.  Finding a break in the traffic, the Land Rover pulled out onto the main road and drove away.
John cleared his throat.  “I did. Had the gun out.  I know now it was never something I would have done, but it always sat in the back of my brain as an option.”
“I did not attain knighthood by my looks, alone.  Now here,” he said, turning from where he had fetched a bundle of clothes, “put these on.”
After moments that felt as if a lifetime, Sherlock had John on video chat. He noted the tidied hair, the fresh shirt, the complexion that had brightened in the few minutes since Sherlock had last seen him. And the expression that bore a measure of peace, as if he had resolved himself to his fate.
“What do you need me to do John?  How can I help you?”  My heart races as I imagine the worst, wondering if I am going to lose him to the dilemma about which he remains silent.
“Who?  Katie?”  John answers.  “Every day.  But it’s not unbearable because I know she has a husband who loves her; Paul is a good man.”
As with all other time they spend together, the first time Sherlock and John have sex is full of love, laughter, and one small argument.
“Here, take mine, you are shivering.” I take my gloves off and hand them to him, but he shakes his head at them.
An apology on the tip of her tongue for the manner in which Colin’s brother conducted himself, Laila changed her mind.  She knew the
“What do you mean, ‘let’?  I thought it was you.”  My stomach churned; it was as if the print of the man’s hand was seared onto my body.
Andi slowly walked through the room, sweeping her bug detector in wide swaths. Sherlock's eyes followed as she neared the screen at John’s bed.
More than his words, John’s gentle voice soothed Sherlock, bringing him back to himself.  His normal breathing resuming, though his legs still be unsteady, with John’s help he was soon able to walk away, his pace but a shadow of its usual brisk stride.
The hand on Sherlock’s shoulder squeezed, a gesture of reassurance. It didn’t reassure. This hallucinogenic journey had twisted him. Its long, dark tunnel pushing his psyche to what might be its breaking point.
“I said I had only one ask of you, but I find I must make one more. It is purely from a professional—”
Even though Sherlock protested to watching the video, he is as mesmerised as I am by what takes place on the screen.
Collecting the slide from the microscope, she left for her office, needing desperately to sit in the quiet dark for a few minutes before she faced the— Faced the what? And she realized that not knowing what was to come was her fear.
Assigned to the Tochka for 5 years now, little surprised him.  Had he thought about it, he would have been sad for one so young to be selling her body, but he was pragmatic enough to know it was sometimes the only way a woman could survive.  They either had no place else to go or they were the breadwinners in their families, their husbands too drunk to hold down a job. Judging by the looks of this one she was too young to have a husband, perhaps her parents had abandoned her.  Often there were too many other mouths at home to feed to worry about a child so close to being able to take care of herself.
I stretch into him and nestle my leg between his.  His hand, from where it lays on my back, reaches up to play with my hair, as if in reflex.  He kisses the top of my head.
“No. The job is better left to you.” Moving toward the patio’s outer door, Mycroft paused. “If you need assistance …”
“Now, look here Sherlock, just because you’re unhappy doesn’t mean you—” Flinging open the bedroom door, instead of seeing Sherlock rummaging through his drawers and god knows what other places he could have possibly secreted a stash, Sherlock stood next the bed, stuffing clothing into a travel bag that matched John’s. Looking not at all like a frenzied addict.
Later, there would be many times John wished he had told Sherlock what he had been thinking.  What he had been feeling.  There would be many times he wished he had told Sherlock that he had fallen in love with him.
Sherlock glanced around to see if anyone else be about.  No one.  “What do you want?” He glowered at the girl.
Sherlock held out a few coins in his palm.    “He has little money.  So either he be poor, or he has spent it all.  From his clothing, I believe he be not a poor man.  It be threadbare where he sits and rides, and is discoloured by the sun, but not long ago, say two years, it had been in good repair, if not new.  And his hands, John.”
“And what be our choice?  To let him die?  Be this how you want to last see the brother you just found?”
John stirs under the covers.  “Come to bed, honey,” he murmurs sleepily.  “They’ll be here before we know it and you need your sleep.”  He pats a hand in the empty space,
I spy Katie across the room helping the bride keep her train out of harm’s way as they make their way to the bridal table.
It is rare that I am shocked.  Why is John asking me this?  Never have I thought him foolish or senseless.  He is the wisest and kindest man I know.  That I have ever known.
“And who is your father?”  Sir John did not believe Sherlock’s assertion that he was the son of a Lord.  News of a kidnapping would have traveled the lands with lightning speed, especially were a handsome reward involved.  But he saw Sherlock believed his own words.  Before Sherlock spoke of his absent father, light and anger radiated from his pale blue eyes, after, their intensity dimmed.  No stranger to loss of a loved one, Sir John felt compassion, even if Sherlock’s loss were nothing more than the daydreams of a lowly servant.
“Where did you get the idea I tried to kill you?  Been reading your old case notes again?  It always puts you a bit off, thinking everyone is out to murder someone.  You just slept well because you got shagged.  It’s not uncommon, you know.”
For a few moments, John heard nothing but the sound of cars in the distance and a dog barking. It must be serious. Something serious enough for her to call him and serious enough that she was having a hard time telling him. Something that that was more important than almost catching Simon.
“Merry Christmas,” Sherlock had murmured at John’s back, a perplexing sense of desolation enveloping him.
Finished counting, he took a step toward the house, but its door opened and Sherlock emerged unscathed.
“Thank you,” he said, all trace of menace gone. His words so nakedly heartfelt that they made her almost cry. She couldn’t remember the last time she had needed to see someone as badly as Sherlock needed to see John.
He watched again as the cabbie drove Central London and stopped in front of the house. Sherlock rewound the video, pausing when the cabbie looked down from where he had watched the door, presumably for his fare. The logo on his cap, where had he seen that before? Sherlock flicked through images in his head, a deck of playing cards shuffling by.
“I understand.  I will not press you; I see it be difficult enough.  But I hope you change your mind.”  Fetching a piece of parchment from his pocket, Colin said, “Sherlock asked me to give you this.”
(I do not tell him how affronted I was.  He will let me allow him to live here practically rent free, most of our groceries purchased on my card, and I recall I was the last to fill the car with petrol even though I hardly ever drive.  But the moment I offered to loan him some money…well , I say
John had kept him from dying from the overdose.  John was the one person he could be himself with without being ridiculed or belittled. The one person he could never seem to get enough of.
“There were photographs, Sherlock.”  Mycroft had viewed them but had resolved not show them to Sherlock, leaving them with the authorities.  If asked he would refuse to describe them; they were so disturbing he wished he had not seen them himself.
not literally.  I have my coat on.)  My eyes meet his in the mirror; he cannot be suggesting what I think he is.  No coat?  I distinctly remember telling him, “Coat 24/7, John.”  It is not a matter of fashion; it is a matter of keeping warm.  With so little body fat, I chill easily.
John reeled from the revelation.  While stunned that his friend could experience such an emotion for him, for
Sherlock fell to his knees. Laid a hand over the name on the headstone. Wind whistled through the nearby pines. Desolate. Solitary. Compounding to the sense that life would never be the same. He sagged further, his arms crossing over his midsection to hold himself in, and he rested his head against the hard stone.
“I know, love, I know.”  His voice trembles.  (Hmmm, I may be getting better at kissing, but then, I have anexcellent teacher.)
“I must get back to the inn; I need to check on Aldus.”  John looked away, avoiding Sherlock’s eyes.  He wanted to push Sherlock out of his way, the fear of touching him and not being able to let Sherlock go, stopping him.
Reluctant to put his mobile away, John stared at it where he’d propped it against a bunched-up blanket. Hoping that Sherlock would text him despite basically being told to put his own goddamn mobile down and rest. And when the screen went dark, John let his gaze sit on the sleeping device long after, not yet ready to break this tenuous connection to the man somewhere above him on another floor of the house.
“Mr. Holmes, Nika, please,” she had said, forcing a smile to her voice. It was a call she’d waited years to receive, giving her the opportunity to repay Mycroft Holmes for saving her life, but it couldn’t have come at a more inconvenient time.
Sucking in a deep breath, and then another, John is able to speak.  “Ouch!  Not so hard, okay?  Yes, I’m fine, but you can’t sleep on top of me; you’re heavier than you look, you know.”
His hand is on the back of my head; his fingers massage me, play with my hair.  I feel him smiling as he kisses me. He pulls back, looking at me as if he has a secret and says, “You are beautiful, Sherlock.  Absolutely beautiful.”
“Yup.  It’s me.”  A huge grin breaks out on my face and I’m not sure if I’m prouder at seeing my name on a book or having outwitted the most un-outwittable person I have ever known.
“No, John, the interview is over.  They want sensationalism and that is exactly what they will get if you leave.  You do not deserve to be treated like this.”  I rest a steadying hand on his arm in case he has gotten stiff whilst sitting.
Sherlock stepped into the water and slid down, sinking beneath its surface.  Resting his head on the rim, for the first time since the joust he gave himself permission to think of something other than battles and fear and loss.  Gave himself permission to think of nothing at all.
At the sound of a taxi door slamming behind him, Sherlock spun around, the look in his eyes one of someone not quite comprehending what they were seeing. “What are
His lips part.  I feel his hot breath, feel his tongue taste me.  It is all I can do not to push into his mouth.  I scrabble for something to hold onto.  Something.  Anything.  Anything to keep me from spinning off the bed.  I grab John, my fingers piercing into him.
John began typing, stopping and starting in spurts as thoughts occurred, backspacing an alarming number of times as he changed his mind. The soft sounds of his keystrokes accompanied by the noise of neighbors and traffic filtering into the bedsit:
So strong be his hunger, Colin wasted no time in dashing to the fire, nudging one of the small rabbits off its spit onto a plate.
I would be bereft at the loss of his lips from my back were it not for the fact that he is reaching for my face, gently cupping it in his hands.  Were it not for the moisture that is welling up in his eyes that warms my skin as it falls.  Were it not that his lips are now on mine, giving me everything I need.
John swung himself over the threshold into the building. “Christ, it won’t be a minute too soon when they tell me I can put some weight on this thing.”
She let the call ring out so it would go to voicemail, giving herself time to find out what he wanted before talking to him. Giving herself time to figure out if she was willing to do what he asked.
Tilting my face toward his, he kisses my mouth.  “I love you so much, Sherlock.  I don’t know how it’s possible, but it’s as if every day I love you more.”
“He had to have implanted one of the chips in you,” she said. “I didn’t really figure it out until this morning. I’m guessing it was when you were mugged in Hackney, and that’s why I was texting John, to tell him so he could, erm…”
“Hmmm,” I can hear you asking yourself. “What is the point of solving the puzzle?” Dear Sir, the point is that when you solve the puzzle, you get a treat, a special clip of John’s memories that I excised from his chip. The catch is that the slower you are in completing the puzzle, the more I will edit from the clip. (You
I bow down to the talent of my beta and friend, Burning_Up_A_Sun who has a keen eye for editing (All I can say is I lucked out finding  her!) and writes a mean Parentlock!  Go check it out!
“Wouldn’t be surprised were it the agent doing it,” Sherlock said, chafing under the need to switch to a topic far more important, and interesting, than understimulated government agents—John.
As if it were yesterday, he remembered Mycroft telling him, “You aren’t haunted by the war, Dr. Watson; you miss it.” Back then, John’s hand had been steady because of the thrill of being at Sherlock Holmes’s side. That had been before he had known he was in love with Sherlock. But now his hand was steady because he knew what he had to lose if it wasn’t.
I examine him.  He looks so innocent lying there, not at all like some He Devil who goes about casting spells and brainwashing people. I am frustrated. I cannot deduce in what manner he has sabotaged my brain.  How this could happen I do not know; my superior intellect would need a very powerful act to overcome it.
“May I?”  he asks.  I open my mouth to speak.  It bobs about like a fish out of water, but still no sound comes out.  Nothing in my brain seems to connect; perhaps it is from pure instinct that I lean back into him.  Our mouths meet, this time with equal desire.  John parts my lips with his tongue and seeks out the warmth inside.  I have had my own tongue inside my mouth for my entire life, and I can assure anyone who wants to know it has never caused me to feel what his is causing me to feel right now.
When Mary passed, John moved into Mrs. Hudson's flat.  Mrs. Hudson met Mrs. Turner's brother and after a whirlwind romance she moved with him to Holland, subletting her flat to John. She said something about a farm where she and her new husband would raise a lucrative crop. All I know is she was quite happy and giggled a lot.
“The nobleman, he did not kill Eduard.” His proclamation was so assured one would have thought Cedric had witnessed the murder.  “What motive had he? Eduard did nothing untoward, he offended no one.  Why would someone we have never before seen kill Eduard?  I have come to the undoubtable conclusion was Sherlock who took Eduard’s life. Could be no other.”
He also knew it never did any good to lie to John; in the end he always found out anyway.  And maybe this way they could get the arguing out of the way now instead of postponing it until later.
John stands in front of me at the concrete banister in front of the lake as we await the next performance of the world-renowned ‘dancing’ fountain.  Pulling him into my arms, his body heat in the too warm night raises my own body temperature to an almost unbearable level; it is a torment I will gladly suffer. The strains of Rachmaninov’s Rhapsody on a Theme of Paganini begin to pour from the speakers and I hold him closer, swaying us to the music.  At first I am riveted by the jets of water shooting high into the air as if from a cannon, dancing enchantingly in time with the music.  As rapturous as is the sight and sound around me, nothing is more rapturous than the man I hold in my arms.   John.  My John.  My lips find his jaw; it is smooth and soft, fresh from his shave.   John tilts his head back and kisses me, his lips soft and pliable, gently caressing mine as if they are making love to my mouth.  My head grows light; I am intoxicated.
Both light sleepers, they woke early to the sound of the distant sheep bleating their discontent at being disturbed; the dog  herding them was far too energetic in his goal to get them to the next pasture.  Seeing as it was still only six in the morning, Sherlock was not concerned John had not yet risen; he knew the doctor was more of an eight o’clock man.  And even at that late hour he could still sometimes be a bit tetchy from not having enough sleep.
said, ‘I’m attracted to it, or don’t you remember pointing out that humiliating tidbit’.  So-o-o, if you want to go with, you need a good cover.  If I may point out,
"And yes, I see that physically you are not what you used to be, but was that reason enough to cast me from your life?”  Sherlock was genuinely perplexed.  What could John have been thinking?
I turn my laptop screen so he can see it, the webpage banner that blazes “Tea- What you don’t know CAN kill you!”
I have a confession.  As much as I enjoy thinking about John, the way he looks, the way he feels, the way he smells, the way just the twitch of his lip can make me…
“You do not have to go.  Here, have a cup of tea.” I reach for a mug and offer it to her, the tremble in my hand threatening to spill liquid out the top.  I do not tell her it is not for her I want her stay.
And in the background hummed vague guilt that his overriding concern seemed to be for himself...that he missed John. That John might not remember him.
of doors in London, the boys kept themselves quite amused.  Public places weren't off limits as a rule, they just knew it took a little extra finesse to keep their private activities private.
Mary pulled back and seeing an unusual darkness cross her boyfriend’s face, “I’m sorry, love; I didn’t know it was so important to you.  It belonged to your friend, didn’t it.  Sherlock, I think you said?”  Mary pecked him on the lips, seeking forgiveness for her gaffe.
A smile threatened the side of Sherlock’s mouth and, for the first time that day, a vague sense that almost felt like pleasure flicked inside John.  Sherlock stepped closer to him, fanning the flicker to a small flame.  Dousing the flame when John realised Sherlock be leaning down to Gareth, not in for a kiss.
“Mrs. Higgins killed her husband with carbon monoxide poisoning,” Sherlock stated, his eyes dancing in delight at one more time having the opportunity to showcase his deductive prowess.
He stops, resting his head against me.  I feel his warm breath on me, coming in staccato puffs.  Puffs on the tip of my penis.  The hand that had been on my back is now smoothing my buttocks, caressing them, squeezing my roundness, the sensation all at once soothing and arousing.  I thrust my hips involuntarily, hitting John’s mouth.  Both he and my glans are warm, moist, firm.
“Doesn’t she care about our child, Sherlock?  Whatever she wants to involve herself in, at this point I’m not sure I care.  But the baby… doesn’t she matter to Mary?  I can’t take it anymore.”  He shook his head slowly, feeling as if something in him died.
Turning the knob, the door barely ajar, the methodical ticking he had thought to be Mrs. Hudson’s timer grew louder.
Having no desire to prolong Sherlock’s anxiety, Nika broke in. “It was a precaution. Head injuries are common in these instances, and Mycroft called me to consult. We have…well, we’ve known each other for some time, and Mycroft trusts— He knows he can trust me.”
Sherlock bit back the rebuke forming in his mouth.  While he was disconcerted by the displacement of his things, he could see from John’s face he was pleased with himself for getting him situated.  His eyes flitted about the room, trying to get used to the new arrangement.  He could live with it for a night.  And the heat of the fire did feel inviting.
Stalling for time, I ask, “Are you sure you don’t want the honours?”  After all, it is only fair since I undressed him.
Taking off his coat and settling himself comfortably into what had become his chair, Sherlock set his laptop on his knees and powered it on. Opening the plug-in that let him read the chip, he clicked Start, but instead of seeing the video begin to play, a message popped onto the screen: File Empty. Insert File.
“He said that in the beginning of their relationship he experienced some of the same difficulties I am having, jealousy and a fear of getting too deeply involved.  He said he came to realise it was not because he did not trust or love Greg enough, but that he did not believe that Greg could love
John’s hands cup my face, his touch gentle.  “Hi, sweetheart.  I’ve missed you.  God, how I’ve missed you.”
“Why would I lie?” Sherlock snipped, testing again the handcuffs restraining his arms behind him, unable to free himself.
And as if John heard him, he turned away, leaving Sherlock relieved that he would not be tempted to embarrass them both.
escape John. Reluctantly rising to his feet, sure his face would mirror the exasperation on John’s, Sherlock tugged down the hem of his jacket and slotted a button through its hole. Using the next few moments to rein in thoughts of murder.
Sherlock was pleased with the response. They were rudimentary acts to be sure, but rudimentary was all that was needed. And logging into the download of her memory, he saw video corresponding with what she had seen moments ago, the audio perfectly matching.
His head down, his hands steepled at his mouth, Sherlock paced the floor, the extent of Laila’s betrayal infusing every nook of his being.  Twas one matter to think he had no mother; twas another to discover she lived nearby his entire life yet cared so little about him she could not be troubled to reveal who she be.
Feeling Sherlock’s scarf brush softly against his face, John remembered Sherlock was still bound.  This would not do.  Not for his man.  Reluctantly he pulled away and took the scarf from around Sherlock’s eyes.  And when he did, instead of derision and annoyance, he saw only acceptance and longing in those clear blue eyes.
Spinning on his heel, John aimed his finger at Cedric and Aldus, their faces smug,  “Get him away before I am tempted to do take him to the river myself.”
“Hm,” Sherlock grunted.  “Since you seem to know everything about such matters, tell me, when does John come back?”
“Hurt and devastated,” Sherlock said, in a tone that made John unsure if it was an apology for bad wording or for what Sherlock had done those years ago. “But whatever other responses you had, would it be fair to say that you also felt betrayed?”
His chest heaves, he is pointing his finger in my face; he is angrier than I have seen him in a long time.
I pick up the remote off the bedside table, remembering how I earlier snorted in disdain at such a superfluous gadget, now grateful for it.  I am not forced to leave his side; even one second away from him is too long.  I press a button and listen to the whir as the drapes slide open, muted lights from the city filling the room.
Anderson’s role in the escape, while complicit, was not an active one.  His sole purpose was to have someone available for Sherlock to meet so the detective would have a reason to be moved to the visiting room.  From there, others would take over.
And rooting through the bin an arm’s stretch away, he found the scrap of paper with Molly’s mobile number. He’d texted the wrong number.
himself from me?” Sherlock’s voice boomed in the small car. “I would never hurt John. Never. The mere suggestion of it is scurrilous.”
John and Mayhew kissed. Soft, tentative explorations that Sherlock supposed would be of the kind two people getting to know each other would share.
“I waited quite some time for you to come back to the room; I thought you would return soon as you did when I…when I asked you to move out.  I thought you would tell me what I needed to know and then everything would be fine between us.
“Hmmm?”  John lied pressed against the warm body next to him, languid and content, as though it was the most natural thing in the world to be lying in bed with Sherlock Holmes.  And they hadn’t even had sex.  Yet.
The official peered closely at John, but John bowed his head, hunching deeper into the shadowy darkness of his hood.
“The dog is puzzle number three.” Sherlock paced, maintaining eye contact to the extent the dog would. “The first puzzle, disparate objects that created a puppet. The second, a preassembled puppet that required a name. There’s no natural progression from those to this; what do a puppet and the name Chip have to do with a flesh and blood dog?”
The light in the room is still on and when John pulls back from where his head rested on my shoulder, I see his face.  See the dark blue eyes that never fail to send flutters through my stomach, that tell me how very important I am to him, that tell me he always wants the best for me. The gentle smile that settles on his face sends me over the edge and I crush my mouth to his, thrusting my tongue inside his mouth.  I thread my knee between his legs and hold him tight, bringing him as close to me as humanly possible.
Sherlock slowly got out of the cab and headed toward the chapel, thinking it odd that there were no signs of other guests. Perhaps Stamford’s timing was off, and they were early.
And for just a moment, he was able to put himself into Sherlock’s shoes, getting the sense that this was all as hard on Sherlock as it was on him, only in a different way. In one fell swoop, Sherlock had lost his partner and friend, having to go it alone. John hadn’t lost that; he just couldn't remember it.
For one split second he glances down at my now naked midsection and back up to my face.   Sucking in a deep breath, he says, “Yes.  Oh
As ill-advised as it seemed to bring her along—most particularly for her—Sherlock couldn’t argue with her logic. Twisting the throttle, Sherlock eased the Vespa between two lanes of vehicles, and seeing the path ahead was clear, he zoomed forward, quickly leaving the seat of government, and his pursuers, behind.
“Of course, she is. Wait. You don’t think she has one of the chips in her, and she’s recording us, do you?”
now.  Maybe they’ll even pay me for such a juicy scoop! ‘Former Consulting Detective and his Blogger, Together at Last!  Wink.  Wink.’”
I cannot unbutton our shirts fast enough.  I need to feel his skin on mine.  I need to feel his heart beating against me with nothing between us but….us.
Gazing into the distance before lifting his eyes back to Sherlock, John said, “I will not talk about this morning, I think it would make both of us uncomfortable-”
“People believe what they want to believe, John.  Dressed in your armour, adorned with your crest, adapting your mannerisms.  In the back of their minds they may question it, but they will not seriously consider it to be anyone but you.  As thou says, what fool would take thy place?  Thou should know by now, John, I be no fool.  I would not undertake this if I did not think it the best way to rid our lives of Cedric.”
“Before you go, I have something that might be of interest to you.”  Appearing almost weary, Mycroft stood and went to his desk.  He opened his laptop and powered it on.  As he spoke he opened a file, printing from it a three page document.
Mycroft rested his hands atop a brass-knobbed walking cane, the rest of him looking as if he’d arrived directly from a last fitting on Savile Row. “It’s good to see you up and about, Dr. Watson,” Mycroft said. “And where might I find my brother?”
I toss and turn, trying to find a comfortable position in which to sleep.  There is none; there is no John.  I would move into the living room, but I know it will be worse, to not know he is centimeters away from me.  At least this way I have the minor comfort of hearing him breathe.  It takes until the sun peeks through the curtains, but I fall asleep, my chest rising and falling to the rhythm of John’s breathing, my mind running in a continuous loop, ‘I love you I love you I love you I love you…’.
“Again, I fail to see the relevance. Caring for John as a friend, I want him happy. If I am in love with him—and I am not saying I am; I am merely offering it as a comparative discourse—I still should want him happy. Same motives, same outcome.” Score one for Sherlock Holmes.
On their way to Christmas dinner, Sherlock was working, too, but he had no need for paper or internet; the only resources he needed at the moment were those he carried with him at all times, those in his head.  Anyway, he wasn’t working on a case at the moment.  Tasked with deciding what to do with the thumb drive, in essence, to decide John and Mary’s fate as a couple (‘do with it what you will’), he was reviewing his decision, making certain he had made the right one.
To be honest, three years on and John was still somewhat dazed that Sherlock had chosen him, had made a conscious decision to spend the rest of his life with John. It had taken John time to believe that Sherlock hadn’t been just heading down the path of least resistance. That Sherlock, not wanting to live with anyone else, had decided it might as well be John. And if it meant marrying John, well…
“You are free to come with me or not, Sherlock.  Right now I don’t give a flying arse about the fucking police.  I need to find out what Mary is involved in.   I need to make sure my baby is all right.”  With that, John quickly headed to the closest exit, leaving Sherlock to watch after him.
the blows inflicted by barbed wire lashing at fragile flesh.  Wire that had ravaged the body he now held so dear.  As he had listened to the story he had held his hand to his mouth, holding back the sobs as he was told they had been endured for him.  For
Blood pounding in his ears didn’t drown out the sound of the still-ticking bomb, it’s sharp, rhythmic beat grating. Telling him that he needed to think. Fast. He couldn’t fail.
Oh dear.  Can this be why I fear him leaving me?  Is this why, when he is apart from me more than a few minutes my heart beats erratically and I feel panic grow within me?  Can I be…?  I am almost ashamed; I never have thought myself to be susceptible to such a common emotion.  I must be, I
“I know.  I love you, too, John,” He says, kissing the palm of my hand.  I drop my head to nuzzle him, but he pulls back.
John ignored him.  He didn’t have any need to get into it with anyone, but he wasn’t going to start out prison life by being pushed around.  He had enough sense to know that to show any weakness right off would only lead to misery down the road.
“Where is he?” I ask, looking into a face with features that tug at me.  I see so much of her father in her.
“I love you, honey,” he breathes into my ear, the softness of his voice belying the urgency of his words.   And with one more tight squeeze he releases me, bending down to pick up his satchel.
The clatter of a nightstick banging the bench’s iron frame made Sherlock shoot to a sitting position—he hadn’t heard anyone approach.
Bumped into by a man walking past him, Sherlock stumbled into John, frowning at John’s hands as they impatiently pushed him away.
And when John had said that he was going away for a while Sherlock had felt deflated, had felt an almost immediate sense of loss.  For something he had never had.  For something he had ever even thought about wanting.  A friend.
John was flabbergasted that Sherlock couldn’t know what mistletoe was.  It amazed him sometimes the gaps of knowledge Sherlock had for the ordinary things in life.  In so many things he was absolutely brilliant, and in some things, well, he was as ignorant as they come.
?”  Sir John’s eyes widened in astonishment.  “Oh, yes, I see why such a grievance would so agitate you.  Cedric, off with his head!” he commanded, waving the back of his hand toward Sherlock.
One more look and he knew for sure it was the face he had seen earlier.  No one could forget eyes like that, they were almost catlike.  Penetrating and aware.
Clasping her mouth with her hand as she looked up from the microscope, Nika felt certain the gesture was unnecessary—she was speechless.
Pausing as he reaches the door, he says over his shoulder, “Two hours.  Give me two hours, John…I love you.” And with that he closes the door behind him.
His eyes drifting to my mouth, I lower my lips to meet his.  I lightly touch them, tasting, savoring, knowing there is no nectar on this earth so sweet.  I close my eyes and move my lips softly against his, gently sucking at his bottom lip, the warm breaths from his parted mouth telling me telling me how very much he is affected.
demonstrated the capacity to protect someone in danger and in this case it was you who was in danger.  If he wouldn’t kill to protect you and your child, then who would he kill for?” Confident he had turned the tables, Sherlock was unaware he had only aroused Mary’s suspicions.
Transfixed by his husband’s beloved face, and the compassion and sensibility of what Sherlock had said, John was conflicted. This was why he’d wanted to leave a note, goddammit! John splayed his hand over his mouth, thinking. And through the cacophony of emotions and thoughts fighting for dominance in his brain came an epiphany that sent a white-hot bolt of shame through his body.
I cannot help it.  His presence is a powerful magnet, the gravity that roots me to Earth.  I lean down from where I stand over him… one tiny, little taste cannot hurt…
John sighed, knowing that though Sherlock be prone to small fits of temper, they swiftly blew over.   Usually, because John gave in.
“I thought you didn’t want to talk.”  He props himself on an elbow so he can see my face, taking the opportunity to push a wayward curl to the side of my forehead.
Putting his overnight bag on the bed, John collects toiletries from the loo and drops them in.  Shirts, pants, jeans, and a…suit (a suit?) follow.  What is he planning on dressing for?  John never wears a suit, except for the rare wedding or a funeral…  Is John going to a funeral?  If so, it is not someone I am acquainted with or I would be going, too.  Who is ‘
When the shock wore off, he reinserted the earbuds and listened again, noting that the voice wasn’t entirely different to John’s, that there were comparable inflections and depth. The better question, though, would be
When the interview begins, I tune out John’s and the host’s voices, letting them fade into the background as I plan our itinerary for the next three days.   I smile as I catch snippets of John’s responses to the usual queries concerning the fact that in this latest book, the detective marries his blogger.
Sherlock’s eyes flew open, their vibrant blue alive with happiness as they pierced into John.  Instead of speaking, he answered by softly resting his lips on John’s, kissing him.  Stuffing a wad of sheet between them to shield against the cooling come, he nestled into the warm body beside him and sighed.
Sherlock snorted. “The MOD isn’t going to waste their time and what reputation they have left on a recording device, even one as sophisticated and innovative as the type that was implanted in you. No, it’s about power, John. It’s about ensuring that the British Empire restores some of the global influence it’s lost in recent decades. It’s no longer about land grabs and nuclear weapons, it’s about the ability to reach the masses, ordinary people living ordinary lives who are too numb to know they’re being manipulated to do things that go against their very nature. And that’s something that the MOD’s latest experiment can do.
“A friend—well, I say friend—redirected Rose’s transmissions to me via a burner smartphone; Simon will get only an error message…”
“Well, who else would I be?”  Even after all the time I have known him, sometimes the things John says make absolutely no sense to me.
Letting his breath go, the relief in John’s eyes says it is as if a huge weight is lifted off him, as if now,
“Where be Cedric?”  Sherlock glanced about, displeased that the squire took his responsibility to his knight so lightly.
“Turn around,” Sir John said to Sherlock as he moved toward him, a hard knot forming in his stomach as he realised why the man had walked out of the water so gingerly.  It had not been only because the water was cold or that he wore no shoes to shield his feet from the sharp rocks.  The man had been in pain.
“Do not interrupt me!  I went to the kitchen and struggling to put it over my head… you have a small head, John!  Something dropped to the floor and realising I had knocked over a small beaker of acid that was sat on the table, I panicked.  I did not want to anger you by burning a hole in the floor so I used what I had in my hand.”  I swallow preparing to tell him the worst of it.  “Your jumper then had a hole, a second hole, big enough for my head.”
“Okay, now you’re losing me, Sherlock.  You don’t like that it’s both logical and illogical to love me?”
We have spent all day indoors.  And when I say ‘indoors’… leaving the goose down mattress only long enough for the occasional trip to the loo or to fetch a tip for the server who brought us room service.  (‘Sherlock!  Put your
John looked at the towel on the edge of the sink.  And looked over at the shower just a few steps away.  Really?  He couldn’t have gotten that himself?  He shook his head; there were certainly a number of things he hadn’t been able to learn about Sherlock over an internet connection.
John had seen the unused room upstairs and intuitively knew what was going through Sherlock’s mind.  Jesus, this was just getting harder.
“I’m only here to monitor your personal habits, Sherlock.  We agreed that you will not have sex with yourself.  Whether or not you do it for your prostate, it is a wasteful use of your resources.
“Is this really necessary?  Am I not even allowed privacy in the loo?  Is there no sacred place?!”  I bellow, and I refuse to apologize for doing so.
Colin took one last look at the fire, now extinguished, forlorn that he had not eaten; twould be some time before he had another opportunity.
Standing under the warm water, his head tilting up to let the spray calm him, he heard the sound of another inmate come in.  He wasn’t concerned about his nakedness.  It hadn’t been long into his internment before he lost any hint of modesty
Sherlock and John go to Las Vegas for their honeymoon.  Hmmm, did someone say Pirates?  Drunk!Sherlock? What a patient, saintly husband John is?
!  With all the innocence of the child who tipped over and broke the Ming vase at the National Gallery despite the ‘Do Not Touch’ sign and the rope around it that said ‘Do Not Go Beyond This Point’.  (Mummy and Dad were so angry; they took away all of my science equipment for a day, a
Sherlock turned on the small set in the corner of the sitting room.  What he saw and heard turned him to stone.  Unconsciously pressing his thumb to the mobile, he cut off his call with Mycroft.
How can I regret something I never desired?  How can I miss something I never had?  Heaviness fills my heart as I regret that all these years I could have loved, and been loved by, John, yet these things did not happen.  I could have known the feel of his skin against mine, the warmth of his lips, the beat of his heart, the sweet sounds of ‘love’ and ‘honey’ and ‘sweetheart’ resonating through me.  I could have been with the person who accepts and loves me as no other has, who sees all the things in me that repels others, and yet still loves me.
Sir John sighed and led Sherlock several strides away from the small group until they were far enough away Sherlock felt he could speak freely.
“I’m not worried, honey.  Sometimes it’s harder to let yourself be loved than to love.  You will get there; I have faith. It’s just going to take some practice, and if I know one thing about you, when you’re determined, nothing gets in your way. Now, I don’t know about you, but I’ve had enough talking for one night.”
Using the same passcode to open the banking app on the laptop, Sherlock slammed the computer shut; the bank account, in the name Thomas P. Bayers, held a paltry £132 and change.
For once Sherlock was at a loss for a biting reply; he couldn’t summon his customary disdainful rebellion.  For once Sherlock was humbled. This was too important to go about antagonizing his brother.
Sherlock fought harder against his restraints, unmindful to the very real threat that should he fall off his stand, he would be responsible for his own hanging.
Though it’d only been a few years ago, it seemed a lifetime, and it wasn’t a subject John dwelt on. There wasn’t any need, water under the bridge and all that. But with only one possible answer to Sherlock’s question, it took no thought.
Lethargically making his way back to the sofa, he picked up a small leather case off the floor, and with trembling hands, removed the syringe, letting the case fall back onto the floor. Rolling up his pyjama sleeve, he strapped tubing around his arm.  It took him several attempts to get the needle into the vial, but he finally managed to insert it, finding the liquid he knew would provide him with the release he needed. Drawing out a syringe full of the solution he had mixed earlier in the day, and remembering to flick the hypodermic to remove the air bubble, he slid the needle into the crook of his left elbow, doing his best to avoid the fresh track marks.  Dropping the syringe into the open case, he laid his head on the pillow at the end of the sofa.  After releasing the tubing, he pressed the hem of his robe to the new wound to staunch what minimal amount of blood, if any, was trying to escape.
Well, that was his answer then, John thought.  The tears he had been unembarrassed about, now threatening to fall.
“Mr. Holmes, you must come with us.” This time, the hand on Sherlock’s didn’t fall off with a simple shrug.
John licked his lips, hesitant to say anything given the very real possibility that he might not come back from the war.  But against his better judgment he said, “I would really, uhm, would really like spend some time with you, but I have to leave early in the morning for an extended period of time.  Would it be alright if I give you a ring when I get back?”
When it comes to me, like the hound at Baskerville, I cannot bear to think of it, for it causes me no minor amount of distress.  The predicament which shakes my calm is that…. Is that…my hand…
Glancing at the clock, she quickened her pace.  Her visitor would be prompt; she guessed no more than five minutes early and not a minute late.  Tugging at the lapels of her robe to make sure her now ample bosom revealed no more than modesty dictated, she stepped over to the bassinet and gently scooped up Ekaterina.
It seemed Sherlock could sleep anywhere his body stopped moving except in his own bed.  At 221b he could be found sleeping at the kitchen table or his desk.  Astoundingly, one time John even found him taking a catnap on the toilet, his head looking painfully uncomfortable as it rested on the nearby sink.  But that was after having been on a case for three straight days without sleep, so John hadn’t had the heart to wake him.  Fortunately, for John’s sanity, Sherlock had not yet been known to fall asleep in the tub (drowning would come under the ‘bit not good’ category) and could most often be found recharging himself on the sofa.
was a blow job?” I protest.  “I do not recall any blowing involved; what a ridiculous name.  ‘Suck job’ would be a more precise characterization…”
“I cannot do my research.  Ever since I fell in love with you all I can think about is you.  All I can smell and see, is you.  And whilst I find every bit of it highly intriguing and admittedly very pleasurable, it is interrupting my work.  I am not able to
“Mother?”  His voice became urgent, her unwillingness to answer concerning him.  He clasped her hand, careful not squeeze it hard enough to hurt her.
A bit shakier than he would care to admit to anyone, he stood, but not before making sure his legs would hold him. And settling his tab with a few notes on the table, he responded.
John could see the cautious hopefulness play out on Sherlock’s face as he waited for his answer.  Smiling warmly, he said, “That sounds lovely, but I have to get home.”
“I love you, too,” the elder brother whispers to himself as he disconnects the call, knowing that, as wondrous as Christmases have been since Greg has been has been in his life, this just may be the best one he’s had since his parents passed.
Nuzzling his neck, I say nothing.  Knowing it does not matter who wins this particular ‘argument’.  For win or lose, I still win- there is no better prize than holding John Watson in my arms.
“He was.  By God, he was.  Even at three years old, when I last saw him, I knew Sherlock be something special.  A precocious boy, smarter than lads of nine or ten.  Almost as tall, too.  And the
“Hey, love, if you’d let me loose, I’d love to help you out; I don’t want to be the only one having fun here,” he said hopefully.
His flannel shirt is soft against my cheek; it is comforting.  But not as much as the truth I hear in his voice, in his promise that he will never leave me alone, without him.  Not if he can help it.
Sherlock hesitated. As much as he did not like to be touched, letting Laila do so because of her blindness and John only out of necessity, he found he liked being touched by him. Very much.
John smirked.  “Of course, I be safe.  Now go.  Gather the rocks before it grows dark, and then we will sup.  I do not know about you, but I be famished.”  He stood, his back to Sherlock until the squires be out of hearing range.
“I am male, as are you, which means we are unable to procreate; we’re too old to start a family even if it were possible. That reason precludes the necessity.
But no, they now sat across from each other, motionless, Dr. Watson looking at Sherlock with eyes battling to fend off sleep, and Sherlock, his hands steepled as they rested against his mouth.
I put my hands back on him and close my eyes, rubbing, kneeding, needing (yes, you heard that one right); the rhythm of the motion, the softness of his skin, the firmness of his body lulling me into a trance.  Without prior knowledge of what I am about to do, I lean down and press my lips to the dip in his lower back, the mentholated balm hot against my mouth.  ‘Or is it John who is burning my skin’, I hazily wonder.
John shifted in his seat.  Those shoulders, so broad and strong, tapering down to the narrow waist.  As ugly as the lash wounds were, they would never mar Sherlock’s beauty.  John’s stomach tightened at the thought of what Sherlock had had endured.  It had been wrong, so wrong.  He bit his lip as Aldus applied the salve, his fingers clumsy.  Sherlock said nothing, but John heard the low hisses wrought from pain.
Sherlock struggled for something to say.  As much as he wanted to make everything better for John, he knew there was little he could do.
When Sherlock awoke the next morning, still lying in front of a fire long burned out, instead of rising to start his day, he lied there and thought.  Not about experiments or body parts or serial murderers, but about John.  About touching John.  About the way their fingers had knitted together, the way their palms had pressed against one another.  It was almost as if John was still there with him, so strong was Sherlock’s sense of the warmth and texture of his skin, the way his firm, but gentle grip had molded into his.
Janine knew the detective craved a good mystery, not unlike an alcoholic craving his next drink.  This one would be far too enticing for Sherlock to resist.
all.”  Geoffrey laughed.  “Aye. Tis fine, Colin.  Business has been slow and I have barely had enough work for you as it is.  As for the horse, I know it will be in good hands.”
Sherlock paced, pushing aside his glee as he scanned the neighboring rooftops and windows for a suitable line of sight.  He stepped a few paces one way and then another as he calculated the angle the sniper would have had to fire from to hit Moriarty on his left side.  Sherlock moved back and forth, crouching, standing, until finally he clapped his hands together triumphantly.
Sherlock’s head snapped to his left.  Narrowly skirting a young woman and child who had chosen that moment to cross the square, a horse charged toward the Crier.  The horseman reigned the animal with a force that brought it to a skidding stop and, jumping to the ground, he ran up to the Crier.
“Let me think. I was in the shops, Borough Market, in…September, I think it was. Didn’t recognize him; he had to tell me who he was. Anyway, said he’d been in a nasty car crash and had to have plastic surgery and that that was one of the first times he’d been out in public.”
“Sherlock, love.  Thee be not ill, be thee?”  John touched the back of a hand to Sherlock’s forehead.  “Your skin be not too warm, but tis cold out and thee be not yet healed.  Here, let me put my cloak on thee.”
“I know sweetheart, I love thee, too.” Stroking Sherlock’s hair, John rocked him as he would a babe.  Thinking how much he loved Sherlock.
John whipped around.  Sherlock stood tall in the doorway, his focus on John.  His countenance deathly cold.
“She’s a pretty one. What do you think she’s about?” Propped onto his elbows, John practically cooed as he saw what Sherlock brought inside with him.
“You won’t be needing that.” Sherlock snatched the mobile from John’s hand, powering it off and flinging it across the room to where it landed with a bounce on the sofa.
Simon felt an impulse to rub his hands together, but though no one was watching, he settled for a slightly less maniacal “bwa ha ha.”
“Dr. Watson, would you be so kind as to put that in your ice box? I do not wish to spoil Sherlock’s dinner. Besides, he might prefer a different dessert tonight,” I say, leaning into the suggestiveness.
, uh, be not worth losing my Knighthood.”  John could not look at Sherlock, could not look at the hurt and betrayal twas surely on his face. That beautiful, beautiful face.
His hand still stroking my face, it moves up into my hair, winding curls through his fingers.  His eyes fixed on me, he asks, a small tremble in his voice, “You ready to go on?”
“I’m not just a pretty face, Mr. Holmes,” I joke. I lay down on top of him, careful not to burden him with my full weight.  We barely have time to unbutton our shirts, a task made more cumbersome with our lips locked together, when we hear Katie shout from the living room.
I reach for his hand under the covers.  Cool to the touch, it is thin and delicate.  John has become so slight it is almost as if he is not here, as if he is a ghost of himself.
Sherlock stopped, looking up at the envelopes held out to him.  Taking them, he looked at what each one held.  His face carefully blank, he handed them back.
“And Rose,” Angus assured. “It’s clear to me that she’s very important to you. But before we talk more about how we can reunite you and Rose, I’d like to know that John is okay. Can you do that for me, Simon? Can you put him on the line with me?”
Sherlock had little patience for his brother’s concern.  “I’m going to take responsibility for Magnussen’s death, Mycroft; you know as well as I do John did not kill him. As for the
“Yes, we have to go.”  His words are absolute, but his tone is not; he sounds as content as me. “We paid almost 125 quid per ticket and I don’t want to waste the money.  Besides, Molly said…”
“Ahh, I see,” John said, his head bobbing up and down. “No, I do not see,” he admitted, the bobbing changing into a shake.
Simon all but threw the fare at the cabbie before jumping out of the vehicle, his brain a fog of red haze; his fury hadn’t dimmed since he’d fled his flat over an hour ago. He didn’t consider himself a violent man, but he felt ready to strangle someone, anyone, right now.
“What’s wrong, love?  What don’t like?  Don’t you like Vermont?  Do you want to go home?  I can’t help you if you don’t tell me.”
He didn’t have to wonder for long.  The detective rolled onto his stomach, and wriggling his hips to get himself situated, found a spot that felt just right.  He was able to still face John, able to still rest his eyes on the face that gave him life.
had he been talking to?  Most of the things Sherlock had been talking about these days had been subjects John was quite familiar with- cases, neighbors.
‘No’, what?  I am confused.  Does he not want me here?  He told me to ‘decide’, and it seemed clear to me he hoped me to be here this evening.
“Did you really think the forensic evidence would support the fact that you, a man 6” shorter than the true killer, murdered Magnussen?  You didn’t think this through, did you.  So to answer your question, ‘Why am I here?’  I came to get you out, of course.”  Sherlock felt it couldn’t be more obvious.
“Do I have to answer you right now?  I have never given such an act contemplation; I need to think about this.”
I hold her slight frame in my arms.  ‘Daddy’?  I have not heard her call John ‘Daddy’ since she was eight years old, declaring herself too grown up to use such a baby name.
No one would speak with him about freeing Sherlock.  Not the gaolkeeper, not the sheriff.  He sent a letter to the King seeking a pardon, but it would be days before he received an answer.  If he received any at all.  Colin, as Sherlock’s brother, be allowed to visit Sherlock, but not John.  Fools.  He did not know anyone else to whom he could turn for help; no one else had the authority to make such a decision.
I am not sure what ‘oh’ means, but I am hopeful it means he understands my predicament and has seen the brilliance in my suggestion he move out.
until now, at least. The John who, while sometimes irritable, Sherlock had been able to make smile with a particularly clever deduction or a succinct snipe at Mycroft.
Hunching over the cards, Sherlock shuffled through them, muttering. “Big squishy cuddles from Stella and Ted. Hmmm, no. Mary, lots of love. No.”
The Adam’s apple in John’s throat bobbed as he swallowed.  It should have been explanation enough.  But no-o-o, not for Sherlock.  Not for the man who expected every truth to be revealed, no matter the cost to the person baring themselves.
Having anticipated the question, Sherlock went with the tried and true method: let her tell him herself.
“Yes, love?”  His eyes warm.  He loves me so very much.  I have done nothing to deserve his love, and yet I find myself graced by it time and time again.
“Go with Sherlock,” Colin said, reading the indecision on John’s face. “Go, Sir John, Sherlock.  I will look after him until the physician comes.”
Before, when Sherlock had cautioned John he had best not go alone, a murderer perhaps be about, John had scoffed at his concern, stating that if he could not defend himself then what a sorry Knight he be.  He had told Sherlock that he needed to stay and practice and that when he be skilled enough to defend himself he may join him; John had said he did not want to have to defend him, too, in the event of danger.
“Today, the defense ministers convene for a classified meeting. I strongly suspect—no, I am certain—that Simon will be on the agenda, if not
The first time I see John after creating my plan, he is emerging from the loo fresh from his shower, dressed in a robe.  Sitting on the bed where I have been plotting, I mentally chastise myself for coming so late to my mission; it would have been ridiculously easy to walk in on him as he showered.  Oh, I realise, I would have seen much, much more than his back.  My cheeks flush hotly at the vision that flashes through my mind.  Maybe it would not have been a good idea after all.
Pillowy lips touched his lightly, as if a butterfly about to take flight.  John didn’t stir, afraid he would scare the butterfly away.
Sherlock continued searching until he satisfied himself nothing else of value could be found.  He was not disappointed with his lone discovery.
“Good evening, everyone.  So sorry to be late, the cab had a flat tire on the way over.  My name is John Watson and I’m your group leader this evening; Jim’s baby, which I’m sure you all know about, is coming tonight.  So where were we, then?”  He looked around the room expectantly, his pleasant face open and alert.
“She has come a long way.  Hear what she has to say, Sherlock,” John entreated.  Putting his hand on Sherlock’s arm, twas thrown off with a terse shrug.
John took deep breaths, trying to calm his racing heart.  “Yes, Sherlock.  I know, and I will not try to stop thee.  Tis not easy for me, not at all.”  John could not hold his gaze on Sherlock; it be too painful.  “But I know what thee needs to do, and as—as difficult it be for me, you have my blessing.”
Not a term he’d ever associated with himself. He’d always taken a certain satisfaction in his… maybe bravery wasn’t the right word, but at least his pragmatism in handling life’s difficulties. He ran toward problems, not away. But not this time.
Colin be moved by how Sir John handled Aldus’s concern.  He had heard that knights be arrogant, concerned only with their power and how to build more.  But not this one.   Sir John be firm, yet benevolent.  Kind.
I squeeze my eyes tighter against the assault.  Too real are John’s voice, the feel of his lips and hand on me.  I will lie here for a few moments more, be with John while I can.  John…
“Is that John?” Mrs. Hudson clasped her hands together in delight. “Do let me see for myself that he’s okay.”
John seemed lost, holding up a hand in surrender. “And who is James? If he’s someone I met recently, I—”
I wait until I have his full attention. And when he looks at me, his expression implacable, I say, “I want you to make believe I’m John.” No, best narrow that down. “I want you to react to whatever I do as if it were John who is on this date with you.”
It became a game to see how much they could get away with without anyone knowing. Closets, bathrooms, elevators, any space with a door they could hide behind became fair game. And since there are a
as clever as thee,” John had said, rolling onto his side so he could more clearly see Sherlock.  “But ‘reason’ also means knowing when tis sensible to let someone help.  Let me help, Sherlock.  Please, love, for me?”
“Oh.  Well, yeh.  Good news.  Yeh, uhh, surprising.  But good.  Very good,” he finally managed to get out.  He knew he wasn’t at his most articulate, but his brain wasn’t working quite right.
It took every bit of self-control he had ever developed not to grab the bastard by the throat, to squeeze the last breath of life out of the piece of slime that Magnussen was.  But no, he endured the humiliation, swallowed the bile that was rising in his throat and held on to what little composure he had.
As for me, touched by Sherlock’s dedication to keeping our relationship healthy, not that he would know that’s what he’s doing, I have promised never to call him ugly names.  It’s been years since I’ve called him a twat, twit, wanker, or bloody git.  Not that I don’t think them from time to time, but I know in the end it’s best not to say them.
His eyebrows reaching for the sky, Aldus gasped.  “He did?  I mean, I told you I thought they love each other, but tis so bold.”
A name and face not unknown to me. Who could be unaware of a man so famous for his cunning detective skills or, if sensational tabloids are to be believed, criminal acts he, himself, has committed?
Arriving at the inn after dark last night, we were too late to take in the view.  If I were not so unsettled, I would admire our surroundings as well, but something more important occupies my mind.
“With a passport and citizenship.” Even from several feet away, Nika heard air escape Mr. Holmes’s nostrils; he was losing his patience.
Flesh to flesh, not mouth to flesh, has to be the most intoxicating, thrilling contact we have had thus far.  I close my eyes, letting the intensity of this new experience wash over me, feeling it invade every cell of my body.  I shiver, but I am not cold. Good Lord, John!  What have you done to me now?!  Are there no boundaries to how you will torment me?
Finding nothing of interest in the fridge, Sherlock picked an apple out of the basket on the counter, taking a bite as he looked over it at John.
Springing to his feet, John fisted a clump of the man’s shirt in his hand and roughly pulled the other prisoner to him.
“No one has lived here for years, which should be abundantly evident to anyone who could see it, including you. Two people down, one to go; take me to John.” Sherlock turned from Stamford, shielding himself from view. Not wanting even a figment of his imagination to witness his melancholy at seeing his childhood home in near ruins. Panning  the property, Sherlock could hear the excited shrieks of children playing, the woof of a frisky four-footed friend. Could smell the scent of freshly baked cookies wafting from the kitchen window. Could see his parents toiling in the vegetable garden, every so often looking at each other and smiling, their love never far from the surface.
Wounded, Sherlock stood back, watching mutely as John jerked his jacket on and grabbed the handle of his carry on, wheeling it to the door. His back stiff as he stood at the threshold, John paused long enough to throw a “Merry Christmas” over his shoulder before hurrying down the steps.
John breathes a sigh of relief to get that out; I know it was not easy for him.  I, too, am relieved that the hard part is over.  The rest of the interview should be fairly easy, and thankfully the host is not as relentless as we had heard.
“You don’t even know what I was thanking you for, silly man.”  He scoots closer and lays his head on my shoulder.
“I did a quick search on the way over in the cab.  Our Mr. Higgins here,” Sherlock said with a nod towards the corpse, “was the President of Higgins Inc., a global household chemical manufacturer that recently laid off 163 workers, reportedly due to the downward turn in the economy.  Yet his personal net worth has been on the increase every month for the last 36 months.  Not the sign of a business in poor health.  I would say there are plenty of people, 163 to be exact, which would wish Mr. Higgins ill will.  ‘Death’ being the most egregious form of that ill will.”
“There’s nothing you can do to help right now,” she said. “Why not sit over there by the fire. You can still keep an eye on things.”
Two strikes. Two leads that had gone nowhere, their only purpose to antagonize him. To make him feel as if he were letting down John.
“Listen, Sherlock. You don’t have to say anything.” John’s eyes followed Greg hurrying toward a duffle bag-toting Mycroft, more to avoid looking at Sherlock than anything else. “I get it. Use the tools you need to get the job done. Just so happened, this time the tool you needed was, well, you know, that thing you said.”
to being in his birthday suit, a cavalcade of memories had been pressing against John’s brain, daring him to confront them~
“Just a sparkling water will do, thank you.” It would be best to be as clear‑headed as possible when she negotiated for her life.
“All right, thou thanks me.  But for what?  I did nothing.  In fact, I did worse than nothing.  Twas my fault thou be sent to thy death, and I could not save thee.”
“Hyde Park Corner,” Sherlock said, nodding out the window. “I’ve asked the cabbie to drop us about two blocks away from Whitehall, so we aren’t seen arriving. I’ve taken the precaution of bringing along a blanket to cover your lap and plastered leg to help camouflage you. And here’s a hat.”
you doing?” For the fourth time in an hour and a half, Sherlock clopped down the stairs from the upper floor and hurried into his bedroom. John strained around, trying to see behind him without moving his leg too much. It didn’t work.
“Hey, wait.”  John tried to keep up with Sherlock’s long strides, but wearing shoes too tight to walk in comfortably, he soon fell behind.
“Not good enough.” Sherlock leaned down, closing the gap between their faces. “I can go room to room, disrupting the entire—”
As I lie looking up at him, my mind wanders.  Am a virgin sacrifice?  Is John laying me here to run a stake through my heart and offer me up to the gods?  I giggle against his lips.  Within seconds I am giggling so hard his lips cannot remain on mine even if they want to.
Lively gestures and agitated expressions told Sherlock that the Crier and the horseman argued.  About what, he could not hear, catching only snatches of their heated exchange.
Patting a different pocket, he was relieved to find his toolkit hadn’t been taken; he would pick the lock, then. No sense waking John with the bell.
Humiliation and rage filled him, and his usual arsenal of profanity failed him. He just didn’t have strong enough words.
His hand about to press the button, Sherlock said over his shoulder, “I’m not saying it could happen—it’s an absurd idea—but
I do not stay back.  Perhaps he has forgotten to whom he is married; when the danger has passed I shall have to remind him.  Preferably with many, many kisses.  Everywhere.
It will not be the last time I do so tonight.  For when I told John to ‘love me in whatever way you see appropriate’, he took it to heart.  And apparently there are
Harry ignored the implied affection.  She loved John in her own way, but she had little room for sentiment when all she wanted to do was get back downstairs to see Clara; they were still newlyweds.
“Because you love me?”  I know if I were to look in the mirror I would have the same ‘the sun is so bright and beautiful but I won’t tear my eyes from it even if I go blind’ look on my face I just witnessed on John.
When Katie was too old to need a babysitter, she would often make the choice to visit me after she finished school, or football practice, or dance class.  She said she did this not because she was lonely, but because, according to her, I was the only adult who talked to her as a person, not a child, and she could just be herself.  Through these chats I learned about her first kiss (At the time I found the thought of two saliva-slicked mouths touching each other wholly unsanitary and repulsive, but I have, uhm, changed my views.  Drastically.) and the tummy piercing that became infected (To this day John still does not know.  Do not tell him!  She is fine now.  Just fine.)
“If I told you ‘nothing’, would you believe me?”   I do not want to tell him I am sad.  I do not want to tell him I long for things that never were.  That I grieve for the 25 years we could have had together but did not.  I do not want to tell him I have become… ‘sentimental’.
face, he would achieve the Gold Medal; he has perfected his execution to such a degree I am certain judges across the world would unanimously declare it a ‘10’.  The medal will look very nice in a glass case on our mantle.  I will take half-credit for it, of course, since John would not have been able to obtain it without my inspiration.
?!” Katie gasps and her hand flies to her mouth.  “I’m scarred for life!” She says, and then giggles. “I’m calling the Daily Mail
John stirs.  I watch as he takes a deep breath, as he exhales the last of his slumber.  His eyes open; his first desire is to look at me.  To find
Looking up from the kettle he has set to boil, “Yes.  Yes, we are very happy about it.”  John reaches for my hand.
John liked Clara, despite the obvious defect that she had fallen in love with, and married, someone like his sister.  She seemed a good sort, kind and responsible.  Who knew, maybe she could help Harry turn around. Odder things happened in the world.  He just hoped for Clara’s sake she didn’t get dragged down by Harry’s selfish ways; it would ruin a good woman.
As happy as I have been, I do not know why I expected our marriage to be significantly smoother than our friendship, at least in the early years.  After all, our 25 years of friendship before we married were frequently punctuated with raised voices (Mostly from John.  No, always from John.), bickering, and bouts of silence (Mostly by me.  Mmmm, no.  Always by me.).  In fact, there have been moments where I feared we might not make it.  Even now my heart clenches at the mere idea; the thought of losing John is beyond all comprehension.
Sherlock paused the video, lingering on John’s reflection, before pushing Play and watching him finger-comb his hair and head outside to join Anthea in the car. Without saying a word about anything that had been amiss. Perhaps John hadn’t realized anything had been.
Swinging the gun so it pointed at the far end of the room, John pulled the trigger a second time. Nothing.
John smiled harder. His hands clasped behind his back, he fidgeted with his wedding ring. Knowing that now was the time he should say something. He couldn’t be a coward forever.
“What was I saying?” Sherlock asked, nothing in his tone saying ‘my flatmate just kissed me and I want to sever my own lips from my body.’  “I didn’t know I had somniloquy, though I shouldn’t be surprised.  Mycroft talked in his sleep when we were children and it runs in families.  So now, what was I saying?  I want to know the level of concern I should have regarding this irregularity.”
Checking his watch, Sherlock nodded. Suki and Rose had arrived with plenty of time to spare. But it also meant that that kiss,
“So, you have not forgiven me, have you.”  It is not a question.  As tonelessly as he speaks the words, I might as well be some clerk at the grocery where he’s inquiring after the lamb for Sunday’s dinner.  Hell, scratch that, the clerk would probably get a charming smile out of him.
… he became offended.  ‘I’m not a freeloader Sherlock; I’m just a little short on cash since I’ve been helping Katie with her rent.’  ‘I did not say you are a freeloader, John.  I merely said that since you are inept at handling your personal finances…’  His pointed stare caused me to stop speaking.)
But he did not.  He had had all the information he needed all along.  He had seen, but not observed.
As with most things in their life together, their physical relationship began because of a case. It sounds kind of goofy, really, how it began, but then, real life is rarely suave. It's the glitches that make it interesting and memorable.
“She said you sent her, and she left with a couple of shop totes. Ohh, I hope I didn’t do the wrong thing.”
“So what be this about Cedric being in love with me?”  John huffed, the combined efforts of talking and staying abreast of Sherlock’s long strides getting the better of him.  Exhausted he be.  It had been a long few days: his shoulder ached, his head hurt.  “What does it have to do with him running off like that?  What be I saying?  Cedric be not in love with me…how does thou know?”
“Tis all right, John, we need not leave Leith.  When the sun comes up we will tell the sheriff.  We can stay here until Gareth is caught, then head to London.” Sherlock smiled. “I have nowhere else to be.  London can wait.”
Everyone, but the person to whom it mattered most, knew about Laila.  The room closed in on Sherlock like he be a small animal cornered by a pack of dogs.  And he fought back.
This mobile, too, was powered off and flung, with slightly more vehemence, to the sofa, where it clattered upon colliding with John’s device.
“Nothing. No worries. But if you do see someone you haven’t seen before, call me straight away. Will you do that for me?”
With that, he scoots toward me and presses his body against mine, taking me into his arms and kissing my bare shoulder.
“Shall we find a town crier at the next city and announce it?  I know tis such an unusual occasion—ow!  That hurt!”  Sherlock rubbed his arm where John had pinched him.
As much as John wanted to trap Cedric, he had dreaded the moment they did, and now it seemed they would not.  With nothing left to hold him, Sherlock would be in search of his family.  And lost to John forever.
“Right. I’m, uhm, wondering why it is that I’m here in this house. This obviously isn’t the flat you, I mean we, live in. Something unusual is going on, and no one will tell me why. Seems a bit odd, doesn’t it?” John clasped his hands on his lap and watched Sherlock, waiting on a response.
Sherlock thumbed the message into Simon’s mobile, doubting Simon was still connected to it, but it was the only direct connection he might have. If he knew where Simon’s bolt hole was, he’d know where John was, but he hadn’t any sense yet where Simon operated from; if he did, Simon would have been apprehended by now.
“Here John, these will help.” Mum handed him a pair of Audrey Hepburn glasses to complete the look.  “There, now your face is almost totally concealed.”
But he didn’t make it out of the kitchen before Sherlock had taken him by the shoulders and was guiding him, with hands much gentler, so much gentler than in the morning, through the (
, you’re accusing me of having a lover.  But then, no, you say you want to marry me.  Now you’re pulling back again.  Jesus.”
Nika deflated, just a bit, her bravado taking a hit. Why was it men always seemed to resort to violence to solve their problems? But she wouldn’t be cowed. Not this time. “That would be more unfortunate for you than for me.”
What the servant had told him did nothing to improve Colin’s perception of his caustic brother, but neither did it deter his compulsion to find him.  Colin had walked home, his thoughts in turmoil, and, waking his mother, told her what had happened.  Discouraged that he had no direction in which to turn; he had no idea where Sherlock might be.
Sherlock leaned in, resting his lips on those that moved gently beneath them.  Twas a chaste kiss, warm and soft; a kiss born not of passion, but of love.  A kiss that filled the hollow spaces in Sherlock’s chest.  And he sighed, with reluctance pulling back when John mumbled against his mouth.
“Nope.” Stamford shook his head, far too pleased with himself as he corrected Sherlock. “She hasn’t been to England in years, ever since she married that bloke from Florida.”
They had gone into the loo to survey the contents of the medicine cabinet for clues to the victim’s medical history, but, as was not unusual these days, their mission took a rather, uh, entertaining turn.  John was not going to complain, after all, he’d had to endure the agony of watching Sherlock root around on the floor looking for soil samples, unable to think of anything but how delicious that bum looked in the tailored trousers, thrust up into the air.  Wondering how he was going to hide the bulge in his jeans.
“He’s here,” Sherlock interrupts me, his entire being suddenly alert to a presence of which I am wholly unaware.
I sit in the chair near the end of our bed, watching John sleep.  It was a long trip home, and he is worn. The fairy lights he hung before we left for our cruise let me see clearly the man with whom I am deeply, irrevocably, in love.  The man who, I found out when we arrived at Heathrow, had outwitted me again.  Instead of taking a cab to Katie’s house, John had hired a car service to make the drive home.  Home.  Katie, Paul, and JJ will make the trip up to our cottage in the morning, joining us for Christmas Day.
His head knew the detective was more than capable of taking care of himself, but still he couldn’t quell the anxiety settling deep in his belly.
“Sherlock, love—stop,” John begged; he did not want to finish before he could gratify Sherlock.  Or at least begin.
I contemplate John’s question.  Where do I want to go, what do I want to do, to make my life complete?   What do I have left to do that will say, if I do not do it, my existence will have not mattered?
Ella leaned forward, resting her elbows on her thighs. “What’s the real reason you’re here, Sherlock?”
“Oh no, you don’t. You sit right down, there,” John said, pointing at Sherlock’s chair. “And tell me.”
Exhausted, John gingerly pulled out, flopping down beside Sherlock, accepting the kiss that then turned into a tired smile.  Accepting the arm that pulled him closer, bringing him into the circle of Sherlock’s warmth.
Whilst Sherlock is gone getting the car, I rush to take two layers of clothes off John John, and after I put my own clothes on, I wrap him in a blanket;  Sherlock will never know his efforts weren’t completely appreciated.  Thankfully, John John’s face loses the red that said he was too hot.
Sherlock’s throat so tight he be unsure if he would be able to speak, he managed to utter the only two words that mattered to him.  “Sir John,” he said, hoping John had heard him and, if he did, knew how very much he meant it.
With the help of a firm push between his shoulder blades, John stumbled over the threshold of the flat.
I question my own supposition that our intruder intended to steal from us.  My doubt at my initial conclusion grows as I wonder why the laptop lies on the dining table.  Why John’s wedding ring is still at the kitchen sink; he forgot to put it back on after cleaning tree sap off his hands.  Why the hundred pounds I withdrew from the bank sits on the counter.  All items with which to easily abscond, and yet they lay untouched.
It is difficult to tear my eyes from the small bundle, but as John puts his arm around my waist, I look up into eyes filled with love and tenderness, the hint of tears making them shine even brighter.  How he can give me his attention when there is such a wondrous object in my arms, I have no idea.  But as his eyes move between me and the baby, I see wistfulness, and believe I know what he is thinking…what if
There were many times in the last eleven months Sherlock feared he might not survive.  Not due to the injury that caused a long and painful recovery, but because the one person he cared for more than any other was no longer by his side.  And though he had been separated from John one time before, the devastatingly long two years it took to destroy Moriarty’s web, that had been vastly different.  That time Sherlock had had a mission. A mission that when finished, would reunite him with his greatest friend and partner.
“Oww!”   He stuck his burnt finger into his mouth, the warmth of his mouth only mading his finger hurt worse.  Glaring at the steaming food, he pulled out a knife and made several long cuts the length of the rabbit, fanning it open to let the heat escape.
Sherlock pauses, not unlike when I kissed him and believed he would cut and run for it. I hold my breath. But when he moves, it is only to cross his legs; he does not pull his hand from mine.
“Yes, you should have told me.  Someone wise told me couples are not supposed to keep secrets; it creates a wedge between them.”
Having already unbuckled me, John unzips my trousers and allows them to fall to the floor, pooling at my ankles.   Unsurprisingly, when I look down at my pants, there is nary a hint of an erection.
The last statement caught John off guard, and he coughed as if he had swallowed something the wrong way.  “I have no idea what you mean.”
bed,” he hissed, leaning in close to make sure John got the message.  His friendly demeanor had quickly disappeared.
"Carefully," Sir John cautioned his men as they lowered Sherlock's unconscious body from the horse. "Support his head." Sherlock would be in pain enough when he awoke; he did not want to add to his misery.
“Tut tut, not there.”  Inch by inch, Sherlock had lowered the blanket until he revealed an alabaster hip.  “Here,” he had said smugly.
The assault by the chemicals in the morgue on his already precarious senses, and the faint odor of decaying flesh, nearly sent him back out to the fresh air. But he couldn’t leave. He had such a small window within which to exam James himself.
My husband’s eyes softened and he chuckled.  Flippity flip. “Yeh, I do, don’t I.  Are you alright, sweetheart?” He handed me a coffee, his palm warm when he touched my cheek.  “He didn’t put his hand anywhere else, did he?  If he did, I
I do not have to reach far to whisk the mug away from him before he takes a sip, since I have now taken to sitting within arms-length of him as often as practicable (assuredly, it is almost
John sits up, stretches his arms out in front of him and then checks his mobile. The screen says Sherlock.
“What the…  It’s ‘The Only Way is Essex’, and it’s a BAFTA winning show, if you must know.  Tonight Billie….”
Slumping down on the sofa in his office, for the first time in 16 hours Lestrade was off his feet.  Not even the cracks in the sofa’s ancient vinyl, the ones insolently poking him in the back, could convince him he didn’t deserve a little down time.
“Simon, no. I will not ever lie to you, I promise. No tricks, no lies. If I did, this couldn’t work. I’m just here to try to help us come to a solution that works for both of us. So hey, I’ve texted my colleague, and they’ll have a photo to me in just a moment. While I get the picture, why don’t you get John to the window where we can see he’s okay. You can wait until I get Rose’s picture to you to open the curtains, if you like; it’ll only be a minute. What else can we get for you, Simon? Is there anything else I can do for you?”
He closes his bedroom door and I hear him rummaging through his drawers, pulling clothing off the hangars in his closet.  Pulling the nails out of the walls where he hung pictures of him and Katie, pictures of him and me from our crime fighting days.
The knock on the door was loud.  Too loud.  More like pounding than a knock really, Sherlock’s brain registered amidst the cloud he floated in.
Sherlock’s sudden inability to breathe may have had something to do with John’s weight on him, but John didn’t think that was entirely the case seeing as his hand was rhythmically stroking the engorged shaft and their mouths were clamped together so tightly there was little room for air to intrude.
John was touched by the uncertainty he saw on Sherlock’s face; it humbled him that he could have such an effect on his normally (over)confident flatmate.  It made him aware as he never had been before that Sherlock was a flesh and blood human being just like the rest of them, in need of love and companionship.
He looks at his watch.  “We still have, oh, an hour before the ship docks.  What do you say to a little…recreation?” John slides his hand up my thigh, a smirk on his face.
“If you insist, I choose Mycroft,” Sherlock huffed, knowing the only way to get to John was to humor Stamford.
“Let us find somewhere to sit for a spell; I do not want thee to keel over.”  John’s eyes creased in worry, and he seemed poised to catch Sherlock at the slightest hint he be about to fail.
.  What other 183 cm consulting detective has been lurking around me all day, behaving bizarrely?”  Exasperated, he mutters under his breathe, “But how I can expect anything different from
John lets go of my hand and reaches for my waist as he leans in, kissing my sternum.  I swallow and my chest heaves.  The edges of my vision grow fuzzy.  I shore myself up with another deep breath, exhaling slowly.
Still hunched over the microscope, Jax said, “You said he’d been an Army doctor, right? Do you think the MOD had something to do with this? They have a pretty sordid history of experimenting on unsuspecting soldiers, and I—"
Too tired to fight, and not wanting to write up the incident report required if she called security, she relented. “He’s in Recovery. Wing C. I’ll text to let them know you’re on your way.”
Andi didn’t think she could run any faster, but when she saw the huddle of agents, a spike of adrenaline spurted her forward.
“No, twas too dark.  But I think he dropped something.”  Cedric glanced around for the unknown object.  “Ha!  Here it is!”  Bending down, he picked up a knife, taking it to the light to better see it.  “Tis Eduard’s, Sherlock; tis Eduard’s knife!”
John stared into startlingly blue eyes.  Happy, angry, worried?  Indifferent?   Which it be, John did not know.  All he knew be they were the loveliest eyes he had ever seen, and he thought he need not look at anything else ever again.  Want for nothing else.
be the smart one.” John tasted Sherlock’s lips again.  Sweet.  So, so, sweet.  “But why would thy father want to see thee dead?  If thou be kidnapped, as thou believes, he would want to bring thee back home.”
Mayhew’s back slammed against the wall, Sherlock’s grip on his shirt collar pressing him into the hard surface.
Wrapping a blanket around me, I get up and check the cot.  Also empty.  Dammit.  I feel guilty Sherlock has had to get up with the baby; he said he doesn’t mind, but we’re supposed to be taking turns.
“What you’re describing are common symptoms of depression, and rarely with that condition, are they an isolated event; too, there’s often a history of it in the family. While I’m not suggesting you suffer from chronic depression, it would be useful to rule it out if it’s not the cause. Would you like more time to think about your answer?”
“Mr. Holmes!” Nika nearly dropped the slide at the sight of a figure sitting in the far side of her office.
“Did you love Uncle Sherlock ever since you met him?  I know things were different back then, but if you could have, would you have married him?”
“Yes.” Sherlock’s voice was as flat as he felt. “I gather that he has the entirety, and that his plan is to dole them out as he chooses as rewards, if you will, for solving his puzzles.”
a family? Oh, yes, Harry. Given her history of alcoholism and failed relationships, it was quite likely she was depressed, but Sherlock had no intent of arming Ella with information she might not already have. It also wasn’t his intent to diagnose John; he had only used the ruse as a means to access her office.
Sherlock wrapped the belt tighter around his waist and, without tarrying a moment longer, went upstairs, standing under the streaming shower long after he was done washing; he needed a strategy to approach the videos. Unsqueamish even at the most gruesome of sights, the thought of revealing to John the most intimate aspects of the videos left him feeling unnerved.
“Erection.  Oh, yes, I have an erection every day.  It is quite useful when one desires to ejaculate.”  I think about this.  “I believe that is the only way one
“I’m a doctor,” I asserted, practically grabbing the chart out of her hand, ruffling hurriedly through the pages as she walked out of the room, telling me a nurse would back in a while to check his vitals.
“No, I don’t mind you asking; we’re dining at a little place called Angelo’s. A friend of mine recommended it.” I note a flicker of unease in Dr. Watson’s eyes. “Ah, I see you’re familiar with Angelo’s. What are your thoughts? It’s never imprudent to get more than one opinion.”
The other prisoner stepped close enough to him that John opened his eyes, wondering what the other man wanted.  It was unusual for anyone to shower side by side unless they had ‘business’ to attend to and there was no one here that he felt the need to interact with.
“It’s not a maths equation, Sherlock; ‘x’ plus ‘y’ doesn’t equal ‘z’.”   Unbuttoning his jacket, John lays my hand on his chest, his eyes locked with mine.
Talking to the window closest to him, John says, “I know it isn’t my fault Mary died, but I’ve always felt guilty for not providing Katie with a mother figure after she did.  Someone who could nurture her in the way only a woman can.  I feel like she’s missed out on so much because of it.”
“I do not want to antagonise your symptoms; if you are allergic to me I will have to stay away from you.”
so…would it be wrong to call it ‘loving’?  Whatever one called it, he wanted more.  More of Sherlock’s mouth.  More of Sherlock’s strong hand on his cock.  More of the scent of the man who was, more than usual, driving him batty.
Confused, John said, “I thought you said you accounted for all of them? You barely told me any of what happened whilst you were gone, but you did just say you ‘eliminated’ them.”
Every day.  Every day for thirteen years and four months I have ejaculated and never once has it been so intense, so…satisfying.  This time it was more than a basic necessity like brushing my teeth or eating.  No, this time it reached deep inside of me and held me tight in its embrace.  As if John were holding me.
He crossed the floor of the sitting room in Sherlock’s flat and sat down.  Sat down in the chair that had always been his
“I want to help you with the dishes.”  I roll my eyes.  Obviously.  Why else does one use dish towels?
I chose the title Dear Boy because I've sung a couple of lines in it in my head almost all my life 'Guess you never knew dear boy what you have found.  Guess you never knew Dear Boy that she was just the cutest thing around', Like I was singing to my own Dear Boy. And John and Sherlock ARE both dear boys.  But a number of chapters into the story, I really listened to the lyrics as applied to Johnlock; change the female to male, of course, and they fit far more than I realized, especially these:
?  True, Laila had never been one to offer information about her personal life; why burden the boy with her the minute details of a boring life?  But neither had she ever avoided answering any question he asked.
“What?”  Hurriedly putting his jacket on, John looked at the gun and, after brief consideration, tucked it into the back band of his jeans.
And when, after some time, John shifted, removing his hold, Sherlock felt a keening loss. But John didn’t move away. No, he raised his hands, cupping Sherlock’s face, lifting it until he could see Sherlock’s eyes. And smoothing his thumbs along Sherlock’s cheeks, he said softly, simply, “I love you, too.”
“We must alert the authorities, Sherlock, tis the law.  When he is captured he will be no more threat to you.  And capture him they must.  I- I cannot bear the thought of thee in danger, Sherlock. I cannot lose thee.”  John took Sherlock’s hands in his, marveling at their elegance.  He traced a long, graceful finger, and then another, imagining how they would feel against his skin, caressing it with desire, not as “a means to an end”.  And next time twould
“—think I could ever be unaware of that fact then you’re a far bigger idiot than I ever thought—but to remind me that you need to know just how very aware I am. How very important—”
Above the din of the festivities came the faint strains of a trumpet.  Instantly alert, John tilted his head.  Twas a faint sound, nearly drowned by that of the horde of people, but twas that of a trumpet.  And not the one used by the tournament herald. Three high-pitched reports no more than four seconds each, followed by two shorter bursts - the signal that Aldus and Colin had found Cedric.
“I have arranged for a private jet to meet us.”  I consult my watch.  “In exactly one hour and forty-eight minutes.”
“Yes, yes, we be fine.  I have a matter of great urgency with which to attend.  But I need a favour? I need to leave for two, three, maybe four days.  I do not yet know.  And I…”  Colin picked at dried mud on his hand, avoiding Geoffrey’s eyes, “I--I need to borrow a horse, and I know you have permission to use your sister’s husband’s.  It will have the very best care, and I-.”
“There is nothing I would like more,” he repeated softly for good measure, certain the look in his own eyes matched the pleasure of the deep blue eyes looking back at him.
“There’s plenty of food in the fridge. You should be good unless there’s an emergency of some type.  If so, give Mrs. Saddlemen a call, she’ll be glad to give you a lift.  If it's a true emergency, say like, you cut off a finger, dial 999.”
Colin’s smile gone, he dropped his hands from Laila’s shoulders. “I thought it best Sherlock.  I did not know if she would make it to London in time and I did not want to raise your hopes only to have them dashed.  You be so troubled already.”
“BANKER DIES BY SUICIDE IN THE CITY: On Tuesday afternoon, James Alderman, a financier with the Great Britain Banker Group (GBBG), plunged from the roof of its headquarters injuring 3 people on the pavement. Each of the bystanders received medical attention and has been released. Ms. Alderman, 35 and late of Hackney, was ‘a quiet one, kept to herself,’ according to a co-worker who wished to remain anonymous. Ms. Alderman leaves behind no known family. According to City of London Police, “It is, tragically, a clear-cut case of suicide. The inquiry has been closed.’”
“Uhh, nope.  No body heat Sherlock.  I’ll stay here and keep you warm the best I can, but crawling in with my flatmate is not an option.  Nope.”
Refocusing on the matter at hand, as it is neither a surprise nor a consequence to me that Moriarty is forever damned, “The incident at St. Barts and the two years pursuing Moriarty’s men is exactly what I am talking about,” I assert.  “That was the very definition of a selfish act.  The sole purpose for my actions was not to secure their safety.  My purpose was to avoid the distress I would have experienced had any of them come to harm.  It was all about
John turns his head toward me and opens his eyes; they look so unbearably weary.  It hurts me to see him this way.
leaving you, Sherlock.  I’m right here.  See?  I can put my arm out…I don’t even have to stretch, and I can touch you.”  He demonstrates.  It is true.  John hardly ever lies to me.
“Well, I…I’m starting to feel more like a kept man than a husband, Sherlock.  I mean, you pay for everything and you’ve started doing all the cooking and cleaning.  Sometimes I feel the only time I’m useful is when, well, when we have sex.  Which I can’t help but think is laughable since I used to have trouble even getting a date; now I appear to be some kind of…some kind of sex God.”  John turned his head back to face me, no hint of humour simmering beneath his sober eyes.
At 9:10 p.m. John’s mobile dinged, signaling that he must be off to the final  Narcotics Anonymous meeting he was to lead before he headed for Afghanistan the next day.   Unhooking the mobile from his belt, he turned off the alarm and left the house.  He was grateful for a reason to leave his guests, he really hated goodbyes.  Especially manufactured goodbyes with people who, except for his mum and sister, meant little to him.
“John, not here.”  I whisper back, reprimanding him, but I smile, delighted.  There are worse quandaries than driving your husband crazy with desire.
I stand in the doorway.  The blinds are closed, shutting out the bright sun, the light in the room coming from a small bedside lamp.  The benign scent of pansies wafts from the scented wax warmer on the bureau.  The warmer is practically hidden amongst the dozen and a half framed photos propped up, facing our bed.  Photos of Katie and her family.  Of Mary, sitting in a rocking chair cradling a tiny baby, Katie.   Of siblings and parents long gone but forever held in our hearts.  Of John and me.
“You once said I was the wisest man you know.  If I am, it is only because of your guidance and constancy.  You were here to teach me that ‘alone’ does not protect me. You were here to show me what love is, as you continue to do each day.  You are here to remind me that being the smartest person in the room is only accomplished by being wise enough to love
“I love thee, John, I do.”  Sherlock, on the verge of sleep, was too tired to do much other than wilt against John.
Don’t look at the road.  DON’T look at the road, I warn myself, unable to resist glimpsing in front of me; I am deep in self-preservation mode.  Sherlock’s driving hasn’t improved over the years.  I still feel as if every time we get in the car with him behind the wheel I’m taking my life into my own hands, but I can’t say that it didn’t feel that same way the day I fell in love with him.  Being part of Sherlock’s life has always been a dangerous proposition, and riding in a car with him is just an extension of that.
Turning on the small beside lamp in Mycroft’s guest bedroom, Sherlock saw what he wasn’t able to see in the dark…the puffy, red-rimmed eyes, the almost undetectable tremble in her lower lip.  Clear indications the woman sitting before him was distraught by the events of the day.
did not ‘let it happen.’ Sometimes shitty things just happen. And then you pick yourself up and carry on. And you help the people you love carry on. And one way you do that is not to make it all about yourself.” Andi had sighed. Even to Sherlock’s ears, it had sounded as if her patience was about spent.
“No, no, he has no special knowledge.”  John put his hand on Aldus’ shoulder.  Though Aldus be ten and seven years, in some ways he still seemed a child, at times bringing forth a father’s tenderness from him.  “He be upset, that is all.  Just as for you, Eduard’s death was a great shock and he needs someone to blame.  The two of you have been sheltered, never having been exposed to the brutal death of someone close to you.  He will come ‘round, give him time.”
Taking a shaky breath, I move wooden limbs toward the bedroom, each small step seeming as if a mile.  This last I do not mind.  The longer it takes to get to the room the longer it is until I have to face the unthinkable, the unbearable.
Sherlock wavered, hoping for an outside force to intervene so he could punt this one down the road. At least for a bit. But no cabbie, no Mrs. Hudson saved him this time.
Not sure what he would find, but certain it wouldn’t be his sleeping friend, Sherlock ripped the covers off the mound in the bed.  Instead of John, carefully molded piles of blankets and towels rested on the mattress in a rough approximation of a sleeping body.
“This is where we stood.  We circled each other, a macabre game… a dance almost, wondering who would give first.
“Look up there,” she said, nodding at the helicopter above. “There’s too much attention out here. If Simon has John, as you say he does—”
“Something else he said, John.  He said tis mine not to give thee cause to leave.   Did I-?”  And now, Sherlock did look lost, though John be no farther away than right next to him, their thighs leaning heavily into each other.
?”  I throw out a wild guess.  How can he expect me to know the answer when I can only think about kissing him?
“Sir, I will be happy for Sherlock to come with us.” Aldus spoke quietly from where he still stood at the hearth, his first words since his emotional outburst earlier.  “It will be good to have another set of eyes and ears. And with Eduard gone,” Aldus’ voice broke, but with a deep breath and several rapid blinks, he composed himself.  “With Eduard gone, I could teach him how to use a sword.  He is not as senseless as most servants; I think he would learn quickly.”
“May I come in?”  John kept his voice steady, despite the tremble in his body born of excitement and trepidation.  Emotions which had claimed him as their own ever since he knew he was ready.  Ready to go home.
If I could think, I would tell him I love him, too, how besotted I am.  How indescribably happy I am every minute I am with him, that there is no one else I could ever imagine loving.  But I cannot think, so I do not.  I hope he knows anyway.
John blinked. “Uh, yeah. Just a touch of a headache. City fumes, you know. I think I’ll lie down for a bit.”
My brow furrows as I watch him pack, putting my own clothes on in case he changes his mind and asks me to go with him.
“But that’s the thing, Sherlock; her husband wasn’t executed. Didn’t go to jail at all. If you were never born, you couldn’t have investigated his case.”
I watch as Katie approaches Sherlock, talking to him as he works.  He stops what he is doing, his focus now entirely on her.  At first he looks baffled at what she is saying, but then he smiles and nods, hugging her.  I breathe out a sigh of relief.  I know he adores Katie; he has always been more demonstrably affectionate with her than with anyone else, including Mrs. Hudson, but I wasn’t sure how he would handle gaining a husband and a daughter all in one day.
Reaching my arm toward him and wiggling my fingers, I beckon him.  Setting down the plate, he locks his fingers with mine.
“Mycroft, for once just do as I ask,” Sherlock demanded, the sincerity of the ‘please’ that followed moments later heartbreaking, coming unexpectedly as it did from the man who never pleaded for anything.
I watch closely as, almost imperceptibly, John fidgets in his chair.  He has things to say that he is not used to saying.  Because we conjectured the conversation might veer in this direction he prepared a “statement”, but it is still difficult for him.
