“Your left shoulder a good place to start?” Sherlock asked, rubbing his hands together to warm the lotion.
“John,” she started, taking a deep breath. She ran her free hand through her hair before finally releasing John’s. “I read Mycroft’s file on me. It had the most recent information on all my former associates, from me up through the general of the army. Everyone’s retired except Lieutenant Colonel Kedrov and Colonel Golov. Kedrov’s now a colonel in a different branch of the army and doesn’t work with the Alpha Group anymore. I also did some discreet checking on my own, just in case Mycroft’s people missed something. Unlikely, I know, but I had to make sure his information was accurate.”
“All right?” John prompted, growing a little concerned at Sherlock's continued silence. The man still seemed to be struggling in expressing his feelings.
John found himself rocking slightly against the bed, his cock finally hard again. He pulled away and knelt between Sherlock's legs.
They turned off the shower, dried themselves and dressed, heading to Sherlock's bed afterward. Sherlock snuggled around John again, making him the little spoon. He kissed the back of John's neck. “Goodnight John.”
John smirked, eyes still closed. He seemed to drift off again, so Sherlock hesitated before speaking again.
She nodded. “I know, there were three pairs of feet. The third could have been Lestrade, but his steps are more forceful and louder.”
“Perfect. I'm starving. The final workup was pretty intense and they didn't give me a whole lot of time for a break. As one of the Americans we came across in Afghanistan said: 'I could eat the ass-end off a dead rhinoceros.'”
Sherlock joined him and sat awkwardly for a few moments, “Thank you, for everything you did last night. I hope nothing I said or did hurt you.”
He got off the bed and she could hear him remove his pants entirely. “Come to the edge of the bed. I want your mouth first.”
“Are you begging now? In front of your new friends? Maybe I should get rid of them. This is between you and me.” He rested his wrist on her shoulder and aimed the gun at the two men, lazily switching between them. “Which one should I kill first?” he whispered in her ear.
“So impatient.” Lio could hear the grin, but before she could slap it off him, his hands were on her knees, pushing them apart. And then his mouth was on her and she forgot why she wanted to slap him. Sergei opened her with his fingers and tongued her clit, occasionally driving his tongue as deep as he could into her pussy. Lio put one hand on his head and the other switched between playing with both nipples.
John was typing and clicking madly on his laptop. “Okay, the Security Committee includes the chairs of the Justice, Home Affairs, Foreign Affairs, and Defense Committees, which our victims all worked for.”
“I can hear you thinking,” John murmured. He shifted onto his back and Sherlock followed, the position much cooler and more comfortable.
“Sherlock.” John said as they shed their coats. “You're my best friend. I would die for you. I would live for you, and have, even when I thought there was nothing worth living for. I'd do anything for you. You are...the best man I've ever known and you mean so much to me. I just...I hope I can live up to your expectations. I don't know what I'd do if you left again. Because I love you too.”
It was John’s turn. “Lio, there’s no reason a Russian agent should be in London. At least one of us should go with you.”
Sherlock shoved a fifty pound note into the boy's pocket. “Make sure you share with Evie and Jamie.”
He did have the report, having grabbed it on the way out. He set it on the coffee table next to where John laid Sherlock's phone. While the amounts were different, the chemical signature was the same. Lestrade ran a hand from his mouth to his chin. “Jesus Christ. Volgograd, Russia? When was this Sherlock?”
“From killing a couple of Parliamentary staff members? Are you an idiot? What was that going to do, other than create some job openings?”
Lestrade shook his head. “No, nothing like that. Seemed like he was a pretty healthy guy. Only thing in his medicine cabinet was paracetamol and some plasters. Man didn't even have any prescriptions.”
Her head tilted in the speaker’s direction as she processed the voice. Her face split into a grin and she jumped to her feet, laughing and throwing her arms open. The man took a small step into them and the two seeming strangers hugged tightly.
Sherlock stopped to brush his teeth while John started the kettle. Finished, Sherlock sank wearily onto the couch and glanced around the flat. “I'm surprised Mycroft's not here.”
Thunder roared overhead again and John flinched hard, hunching his shoulders and curling forward. “Please,” he whispered.
Sherlock continued to glower at John, who didn't back down. Sherlock dropped his forehead onto his knees after nearly a minute, mumbling, “Not so old.”
Lestrade shook his head. “Some addicts do that, inject it into weird places to make easier to hide. Shame,” he quickly averted his gaze as Sherlock met his eyes over the body. “So it was an overdose, but that doesn't explain who moved him later.”
John looked a bit devious, grabbing Sherlock's hands and pinning them against his body as he rubbed his chin and cheeks across both nipples. “Oh, that's interesting,” John said, switching between licking and rubbing. Sherlock's nipples were red and raised and John could feel Sherlock's erection coming back to life between their bodies. John wasn't quite there himself, but he had an idea. Abandoning his nipples, John dragged his face down Sherlock's abdomen, kissing and nipping here and there as he went lower. He avoided the hardening cock completely. “Sherlock, put a pillow under your hips.” Sherlock did as he was asked, albeit with a slightly suspicious expression. With Sherlock's pelvis tilted toward him, John lowered his mouth to Sherlock's inner thighs. He'd done this before, but this time made sure to scrape his cheeks against the sensitive skin. Sherlock keened and his cock twitched. John moved his mouth to Sherlock's balls, licking lightly. He hesitated only a moment before dipping his tongue to Sherlock's entrance and circling it.
Sherlock leaned forward and began kissing John’s back. His hands trailed down John’s arms, performing a cursory massage on his biceps, before tangling their fingers together. Sherlock rocked against John, his cock slotted in John’s cleft.
Sergei pushed in slowly, breathing heavily. Lio winced a few times as she was stretched, and once he was fully seated inside, she rotated her hips gently to get used to it. “Fuck me, Sergei.”
Sherlock nodded. “Hmm. Mycroft will have some people come by and replace the door and clean the carpet. He’s also insisting on one of those doorbell cameras.”
They sat in silence for several minutes, avoiding the elephant in the room. Or waiting to see who would break first.
“Very good Ms Monroe. I'll be here, obviously, to make sure this doesn't go completely pear-shaped, and to clean up any messes that might occur.”
Are you prepared for an awkward conversation with John and Sherlock about sex? Chapter title from "Hexes" again
As they finished their meal, Lio asked, “Do you want to come back to my flat? Catch up a little more?”
John laughed, then winced and rubbed the back of his neck. “Physical therapy is going to be a bitch today.”
John rolled over so he was facing Sherlock. “Neglected? No, Sherlock, you were injured. And don't think you have to shower me with affection 24/7.” He took a slow breath. “I love you for who you are. If you don't want to go around holding hands, or snogging in public, or climbing onto my lap at a crime scene, that's fine. That's not like either of us. I'm not going to complain about hand-holding or kissing if that's what you want, but you don't have to. What we have here, in this flat, is more than enough.”
Lestrade stood. “All right. I'm gonna do a little digging. I'll let you know if I find anything. Take it easy in the meantime and take care of yourself, Sherlock.” With a nod to both of them, he left.
Molly sniffled and picked up the phone. “Oh thank God. John says he's here and on his way down. I'll go meet him. You'll be okay?”
“No sign of a struggle or forced entry. He doesn't have any defensive wounds, or any wounds that we found at first glance. Anderson's in the kitchen, checking for poisons.”
“Yes sir, Mr Holmes. Lord Denton told me to come right away, something to do with the disappearances?”
“Near the Home Office would be a perfect place for him to leave one of his 'messages,'” Mycroft said. Sherlock nodded in agreement.
Sherlock fell into a doze, and was awakened by a “Woohoo!” followed closely by an “Oh!” from an embarrassed Mrs Hudson. John was asleep above him, his hand still tangled in Sherlock's hair. Sherlock looked over, watching Mrs Hudson drop off a plate of...something.
After a quick shower, Lio plugged her phone into her computer and downloaded what she took from Sergei’s phone. She was stuffing her face with a muffin when there was a knock on the door. She unlocked it and let Sherlock and John in.
Sherlock took John's hands and placed them on his hips. He was on his knees and slowly lifting himself and letting himself fall, grunting as he did so.
“Oooooh, I should’ve known you’d follow me, Sherlock, but I was hoping John would keep you in check.”
“Yeah, definitely going back to sleep.” He burrowed a little under the covers and sighed contentedly, drifting off again.
“John. I'm going to sit behind you. You're going to lean against my chest and breathe with me. Okay?”
He slid the needle in and depressed the plunger, driving the drug into his veins. The effect was almost immediate: he warmed up a bit and became so drowsy he fumbled with removing the tourniquet. He flopped gracelessly face first onto the bed to save his back, but he felt no pain for the first time in over a week. His breathing slowed and evened out as he slipped into unconsciousness.
“Never. I have you.” He reached up and brought John's head down with a hand on the back of his neck. It was an awkward position, especially for John, so the kiss didn't last long. John was smiling like an idiot through it and when he pulled away the expression was still there. Sherlock grinned back, and relaxed into John's lap.
They sat there on the kitchen floor and just breathed. Sherlock could figure out what happened, but was surprised at the severity of John's panic attack. The storm and thunder must have caught him by surprise and triggered it, and it must have derailed him so quickly and completely that he was unable to call for help.
“No hold on. You think I'm upset about the assistants being so easily replaced. Well I am, but I know that's reality. I don't like it, but I know that's how it works.”
Sergei was never particularly subtle about his affection for her, but due to their line of work and her position as his superior officer, nothing ever came of it. Lio found him attractive back then and assumed not much had changed his looks, though it would be hard to tell without a more “hands on inspection.” She came to the hotel tonight knowing this was the direction things would likely go, and while she hoped she would be able to get him to talk without sex, that didn’t seem to be where they were heading. Sex was Plan B, and she’d have to wear him out.
“I was busy,” he said with a pointed look. John tried to keep his face from going red and giving them away to Mycroft.
“Wait, what? Four men kidnap and drug Sherlock and you dismissed it? What the fuck Mycroft?” John bit out incredulously.
Sherlock looked at John and seemed to take his measure. John frowned. “What's that for? If you're worried about me, don't be. I am perfectly fine. I have a clean bill of health and I'm free to go traipsing across London hunting down serial killers again.”
John nodded. “No need to bother her with the noise. And Mycroft. We should visit Lio tomorrow afternoon, but after that, I would welcome a quiet night at home.”
Sherlock ran his hand through his hair and wrinkled his nose. “Shower, I think. Then bed.” He twisted to look at John. “I don't want to talk about it. Not now. I want to try to forget.”
Sherlock’s other finger joined the first and John circled his hips. “Oh God, Sherlock! I need...I...I need to come! Please make me come!”
“Lio, no. That’s way too dangerous. You know that he hasn’t been giving you accurate info. Why risk it?”
John shrugged and winced. “It’s only a few sore muscles. Nothing a little time and rest won’t take care of.”
“That's what they told you. If I’m able to interview them, I’ll be able to see body language, hear tone of voice, catch someone in a lie when they change their story.”
Sergei paid (she wouldn’t say it, but Lio was grateful; this restaurant was way outside her price range) and the two caught a cab back to 221C.
John let out a slow breath. “I know. And I've forgiven you for jumping. I just hope you can forgive me for hating you.”
“No, on Marsham, across from the Home Office. It's a bit out of the way, but it's quieter than the one in the Station. Sometimes I hop on a bus if the weather isn't good, but usually I walk and cut through the gardens. I'll stay for an hour or so then catch a bus back to Westminster Station.”
Sherlock solved it for him by stepping in front of him and shoving his head through the shirt. John was able to raise his right arm to get it though the armhole, but his left was essentially non-functional. Sherlock gently guided it through, only causing John to inhale sharply in pain twice. They stopped before tackling the pants, John's shirt not quite settled and showing the long horizontal slash Moran left on his belly. Sherlock looked at it and grimaced.
John wondered if they should have spoken about this particular “mechanic” of gay sex. “Ah, yeah. What goes in has to come out. In general.” Trying to ignore how red he could feel himself getting, he wiped down Sherlock's back, chest and groin as well as his own. “Do you want me to…?”
“You'll be moving back here again, then? Permanently?” she asked. “Good, it'll be good to have both my boys under one roof. And John needs someone to take care of him.”
The Colonel howled with laughter, “Ah, Liolya it's always good to hear from you. We need to talk more often. So many good memories. I don't think I have much of anything for you now, but I've got someone nearby that can get more. Give him 48 hours or so, I'll give him your contact info and have him set up a meeting.”
The rest of dinner was spent in silence as they ate, even Sherlock cleaned his plate. John insisted on helping put away the dishes afterward with the excuse that he needed to move a little or he would stiffen up. Sherlock allowed it, but the washing up was finished in record time. They both retired to the living room afterward. Sherlock picked up the violin.
Sherlock answered by putting his hands on John’s arse and spreading him open. “Much better,” he said, before flicking his tongue over John’s hole. The other man shivered. “All right?”
Lestrade waved a hand. “Nah, nothing we can't handle, though I'm glad you're here to wrangle him.” He motioned inside. “Shall we?”
when i learned i had a brain tumor in september 2018, i thought "oh shit, i gotta finish this."  i didnt make it in time. you would think that during my two month recovery period, i wouldve been able to crank this out, but no. yay procrastination! i also find porn really hard to write for some reason, like someone's gonna burst into my apartment and laugh at me.
John puttered around in the kitchen, making tea and toast. His nerves weren't going to allow him to eat anything heavier. He scrubbed a hand over his face. It was one thing to decide to take things as they came and quite another to put into practice. This was moving too fast. Well, if he thought about it, not really. They'd been living together for two years, and then Sherlock was away for another two and a half, and now they'd been together again for three months. It wasn't as if this was a whirlwind romance. Romance. Was he really going to start a romance with Sherlock?
“I have a live in doctor, he can make sure I'm healing properly. Speaking of which, what did you do with John?”
Sherlock breathed heavily through his nose. “I needed...something. I found a dealer and spent most of my remaining cash on...everything he would give me. Heroin.”
Sherlock waved a hand. “You joined an incredibly dangerous profession at a young age. You’re smart enough that you could have gotten a different position in the army, perhaps in analysis or tactics, but you chose more ‘hands on.’ Perhaps if you still had family, you would have gone for something less potentially lethal. But as you said, there’s no one left. There hasn’t been anyone for a long time.”
More pressure and not quite a sting, though his finger wasn’t very deep. John changed the angle of his arm and steadily pushed in.
“Not at all, Miss Verednikova. Your eyes may not be focusing, but I know your attention is. It's that attention I have need of at the moment.”
“Why else would he be here if not for me? What reason could he possibly have for coming here? He discovered Lio knew me, and is using her to get close to me!” He turned to John, wild-eyed. “Oh God, that means you’re in danger too!”
“You don’t have to talk about the house, at least not in detail. I know enough of what happened. Unless there’s something you want to add, we can avoid it.”
The first thing Sherlock became aware of was heat. He was lying on his left side and John was curled up around him. “Spooning” he believed it was called. Though they had both put pants on, neither bothered with shirts, so John's chest was sticking to his back. And his breath was hot on the back of his neck. And his fringe was ticklish. And his arm was heavy across his hips. Now that he was aware of all these things, Sherlock couldn't get comfortable enough to go back to sleep. It had to be late morning or early afternoon at this point, so his body might be telling him to get up.
“Already did. Texted him.” He knew what this was now, he'd seen John have them often enough. His heart was racing and he was having trouble controlling his breathing. God, is this what John went through every time? His throat felt like it was closing and he tried to clear it. Something was very wrong. He was at Bart's, or he had been, and then it turned very cold, colder than the morgue should have been. Morgue? Right, he was at the morgue with...Molly? And Lestrade? No, no, they shouldn't be here. He was alone. Outside, where there was a lot of snow, that's why it was so cold. He had to contact Mycroft. Mycroft would get him...get him what? His back hurt, but he couldn't remember why. He tried to clear his throat again.
Sherlock brought his mouth to John’s, keeping one hand on himself to keep from thrusting in too fast. The other he ran through John’s hair.
“Right, the body was left here for a reason. A warning. Something to do with that symbol presumably. Stephen's was on the bottom of his foot, which means the killer took the time to carve it then put his sock and shoe back on. He was strangled manually, meaning he's a strong man.”
“Yeah, I did. After, well after everything, I stepped away. Couldn’t stay idle long though, and started consulting for Alpha Group and the FSB. Do some training too, and I work with Golov quite a bit. He talked me into coming back after you left Russia.”
John spread a few towels on the bed before Sherlock laid down. He covered Sherlock's body with his own, kissing down his jaw to his nipples and taking one into his mouth and sucking.
Lio waited impatiently for several minutes, all the while keeping an ear out for Sergei in case he woke. After the longest seven minutes of her life, the download completed. She disconnected everything, and before leaving the bathroom, sent a text to Sherlock and John to meet her at her apartment in two hours. That should give her enough time to leave without being too suspicious. She left the bathroom, put Sergei’s phone back in his pants and kicked them under the bed, and put the cable, headphones and phone back in her bag.
“Yeah, apparently I'm it. I don't know why you think I can handle this alone, without my team,” he said, frowning at Mycroft.
“Sherlock!” John exclaimed. He started towards them, but at a slight shake of the head from Mycroft, stopped.
Having expected that question sooner or later, John had done a little investigating of his own. “Maybe thirty-six hours.”
“We'll have to focus on that symbol, then, and whatever your homeless network turns up,” John said, stifling a yawn.
“Oi, easy, Sherlock. You don't have to explain anything to me. I've given up trying to put our relationship into words. Evidently neither one of us are normal, so this--” he waved his hand between them “--isn't going to be normal. It's fine.”
John put a hand on her knee and felt her tense slightly before relaxing. “I know exactly how you feel, Lio. Sherlock brought me out of that same place after I came back from Afghanistan. He seems to bring out the best in people.” He sent a fond glance to Sherlock, and caught Mycroft’s face out of the corner of his eye. He looked like he’d bitten into a lemon.
“John, shut up,” Sherlock said, and began bobbing his head over the glans. John lifted and spread his knees and tried to keep from arching down Sherlock's throat. He could feel one of Sherlock's hands on the base of his cock, holding him steady, but he had no idea where the other one was until he felt cool fingers just behind his balls. He hissed as the fingers began to rub his perineum. He released a long “oh” of air. Sherlock caught his eyes and let John's cock fall from from his mouth with a wet slap. “Come for me, John,” he whispered before engulfing John's member again.
Sherlock scowled. He would do whatever he could to protect John from going through that kind of distress again.
“Murders, actually.” Ms Monroe let out a startled “oh!” before Mycroft continued. “What can you tell us about your routine?”
“Well that would explain why they were targeted and not the Lords themselves. I'm sure Mycroft would be lost without Anthea.”
“Whatever this will get me,” Sherlock replied, and shoved the money into the man's hand. He grinned crookedly, and gave Sherlock far less than what he paid for.
Sherlock's return caused Mrs Hudson to faint in his arms. Once revived, she burst into tears and hugged him tightly, ranting about what a terrible person he was for leaving them, while at the same time showering him with affection and welcoming him home. She fussed over John's injuries and remarked that although he looked like he'd been through the wringer, he looked happier than he had in ages, causing him to wave her off embarrassedly. While waiting for an easy meal of spaghetti to finish cooking, Mrs Hudson took it upon herself to make up Sherlock's room with fresh linens.
John released the nub and looked up at Sherlock, lifting his head away from the other man’s chest. Sherlock shoved his head back down so his prickly face rubbed against the sensitive nipple. Sherlock’s eyes widened and he writhed against the roughness of John's stubble. “Yeeesssss.” he hissed.
The water began to cool before John’s erection subsided. He scrubbed himself dry and put on the clean pajama bottoms he’d brought with him, drained the water, and left the bathroom.
Sherlock started pacing the bedroom. “Yes! I was more focused on Lio when I looked at that file the first time so I
“Exhausted. I'm gonna head to bed. Sorry about dinner.” Sherlock guided John to his bedroom instead of John’s. Grateful he didn’t have to ask since he didn’t feel like tackling the stairs to his own room at the moment, John let himself be led. Sherlock helped with the braces and made sure John was settled. John smiled faintly and said, “I feel like you're tucking me in. Next you'll be reading bedtime stories. Can I request Rumpelstiltskin?”
They talked a bit more, Lio discovered Sergei was staying in a very fancy hotel for a seemingly unlimited amount of time. He invited her over the day after tomorrow, after she gave Sherlock and John the thumb drive. She readily agreed. Though she honestly wanted to spend more time with an old friend, something wasn’t adding up here. This wasn’t right, and the last time she ignored her instincts, three of her men had been killed.
“I have to make a small investment.” Sherlock-speak for bribing the homeless network. Once that was taken care of, they headed to Westminster to check out the crime scenes.
John got up and went to him. He stood next to Sherlock and rubbed a hand gently up and down the taller man’s back. “Steady Sherlock. Remember you’re safe here.”
He reared back abruptly and tugged at John's jumper. “Can you take this off?” he asked, somewhat breathlessly.
John raised his hands. “No! Well, maybe a little, but only because it's Mycroft and I don't want him in our business any more than he already is.”
Sherlock only grinned a little ferally at him, grasped the waistband of his pajamas, and yanked them down, sliding his body down with them. John pushed himself up onto his elbows in time to watch Sherlock swallow his cock down to the root before gagging and pulling back, leaving about an inch which he wrapped his long fingers around. He tried a few more times to deep-throat John but kept gagging.
His back was on fire and there was no comfortable position he could find that allowed him to sleep. The cuts he'd sustained from escaping under the barbed wire at the military base in Aktobe, Kazakhstan the week before were still weeping blood. They opened every time he moved.
Sherlock hummed and looked up at John. “I should hope so; he saw me kiss you. Does that bother you?”
John's eyes widened and he unconsciously tightened his grip on Sherlock's hand. “What…What do you want, Sherlock?”
“Sherlock, you can't stare people awake, that's...really weird,” John said through a huff of laughter.
He stood and went to his coat, digging into an inner pocket. He'd swiped the medical grade lubricant from Bart's this morning specifically for this purpose. Stripping off his shirt, trousers, and underwear, leaving a trail as he made his way back to the couch, he plopped down, legs spread. He ran a hand across his chest, tweaking both nipples as he went. Discovering how sensitive they were came as a bit of shock last night; he brought both hands up and rolled and pinched at them, biting his lip to stifle a loud moan.
While they waited for the tea, Sergei sat on the couch. “So, tell me about these friends of yours that have you looking into this weird drug cocktail.”
“Fuck you! You ruined everything! This was the start of something big! Bigger than you or me! The world was going to change!”
The ambulance arrived a few moments later and hustled Lio away. John climbed in after her, not wanting Lio to be alone in case she woke up along the way, and Sherlock assured him that they would take care of everything at Baker Street.
John nodded. “Good, and I’ll do the same.” He sighed heavily, changing the subject. “I was downstairs, talking to Lio. She’s still going to meet with Sergei. She knows he and Golov have been lying to her. She said she double checked on her own, and confirmed Mycroft's information. I don’t like that she’s doing this alone. If Sergei figures out that she’s on to him...although I didn’t think she could take Moran either, but she handled him pretty well.”
John jerked his head toward Sherlock, eyes wide. His hair was dark with sweat, and his breathing was still coming in rapid pants. “I—c-can't. Sher—lock.” A flash of lightning lit up rest of the flat, and the crack of thunder that followed rattled the windows. John's teeth chattered harder and every muscle in his body tensed.
Sherlock finished with John's buttons first and swept the shirt off his shoulders, exposing the newly healed pink surgical scars on his left shoulder as well as the solar flare of the original bullet wound. He touched it gently, watching John's face for any sign of discomfort. He lowered his mouth to it and kissed it reverently, feeling the rubbery scar tissue under his lips. John sucked in a breath and stepped back.
Sherlock couldn't take it because John might be turning purple, “John, stop. There doesn't have to be 'other things' yet. This is different for me too, so this, what we have now, is fine.”
John cocked his head. “I think it's only fair that I--” he looked down, taking in the wet spot at Sherlock's groin. “Did you--?
A brief frown crossed her face at “yet,” but she hoped the glasses, which she still wore, masked it. “Well, I’ll give your info to the two detectives upstairs tomorrow and they can take it from there. Nothing else I’ll be able to help them with afterwards anyway.”
“You do an admirable job with me already. You help me without realizing you're doing it. You keep me grounded in reality when I feel like things are going out of control, like last night. You can talk to me. About anything. I want you to. Anytime you need to talk through what you’re feeling, no matter how inconsequential it may seem, come to me.”
“Christ,” John muttered, rubbing the back of his head. He paused and watched Sherlock for a moment, who seemed content to lay there for a minute.
“Yes? You afraid you won’t be good enough for another round?” Lio taunted with a smirk. Sergei growled, and with the hand that was still on her head, pulled her forward. “Thought so,” she muttered before taking him back in.
John shook his head. “They're not a weakness. You wouldn't tell me my sentiments or what-have-you are weaknesses, so why are yours different?”
They finished their breakfast in only slightly awkward silence until Sherlock's phone buzzed with a text. He made a face and a disgusted noise in his throat as he read it.
“There is a predator targeting the House of Lords. No Lords have been injured or killed directly; but rather their assistants. Nothing has been taken, no secrets compromised, but with four bodies in seven days, we feel it's only a matter of time before one of them becomes a victim. Security has been increased, of course, and we've dug deep into the staffers' backgrounds, but haven't been able to find any link between them other than that they work for a member of Parliament. This has all been kept very hush-hush; no media reports and minimal NSY presence. Which is where you come in, brother mine. All four bodies are currently waiting at St Barts with Miss Hooper for you to investigate. The car's downstairs; we can go any time.”
with Sherlock? John frowned deeply and looked down at the sleeping man next to him. They'd slept in the same bed before, of course, on cases when the need arose, but they always stayed firmly on their side of the bed. What was different now? What changed? Sherlock's miraculous return from the dead and subsequent destruction of Moriarty's web? Did that mean he was more free with his...affections? That didn't make any sense. That first night, Sherlock said he was married to his work and wasn't open to pursuing any romantic relationships. It wasn't Moriarty then, but something else.
Sherlock's breathing hitched and his eyes snapped open, unseeing at first. “Easy, Sherlock. It's John. You're safe.” John was still carding his fingers through Sherlock's hair gently. Sherlock uncoiled from his tense posture and rolled onto his back, taking careful, measured breaths. John's hand dropped and he sat on the edge of the bed. “Sherlock? All right?”
She put the drive in her pocket. “Thanks Sergei, I appreciate this. Thank Golov for me too. Can I ask what you’re up to in London?”
“About two months before I came back. Nothing to do with Moriarty or Moran. Mycroft looked for the dealer and the kidnappers, but never found any trace, though he was focusing more on Moran.” Sherlock was trembling faintly, still not completely recovered from the episode at the morgue.
“Like I've been stabbed. When are they taking these out?” Sherlock asked, motioning to the chest tubes.
They continued dinner with nostalgic stories of their time together in the service; of the shenanigans their unit would pull; Lio crashing Golov’s car, which she still maintained was the other driver’s fault. When they finished eating, ending with Sergei obnoxiously slurping down the borscht just to irritate her, Lio wandered around the room while Sergei put their dirty dishes out in the hallway. She hated feeling as if she were the one lying to him when it was the other way around. She shouldn’t feel guilty about this, dammit. He came back to find her on one of the sofas and joined her.
Sherlock scoffed skeptically and began poking at a nearby bookcase, rifling through the books looking for a hidden compartment. Finding nothing, he moved on to the desk, opening all the drawers and searching those for secret hiding places as well. He kicked a lower drawer shut in frustration when he didn't find anything there either.
Lio sighed. “Father died just after I started at the Academy. Complications from pneumonia. My team was all I had for a long time. And with Sergei dead...” her breath hitched. “Blyat.” She put a hand up to her eyes.
Sherlock got back to his feet, nearly knocking John over in the process and began pacing again. “He’s here to finish the job. I know too much. The ‘great Sherlock Holmes’ unravels an international drug cartel that was headed by members of the Russian military.”
“Without touching yourself?” Sherlock nodded, blushing harder. “Jesus fuck, that's—that's bloody incredible.” John pulled Sherlock's head down for a kiss. He could taste himself in Sherlock's mouth, which was a little strange. He’d kissed women after they’d given him a blow-job, and didn’t remember that particular flavor. He shook his head, refocusing. They were both still breathing heavy, and John was curious to see more of Sherlock. “Why don't we get in the shower? We've, ah, worked up a bit of a sweat.” He suppressed a wince at how cheesy that sounded.
“Molly, run and grab some water, yeah?” She took off for the closest water cooler. Lestrade moved in front of Sherlock. “Hey, I don't know what exactly set this off, but you'll be all right. You're safe here.” Lestrade winced, that sounded trite even to him. Sherlock didn't seem to notice. He reached out and grabbed his forearm in a bruising grip. “Just, shit, focus on me. Your favorite DI. You're at Bart's, in London.” Molly returned with water. “Sherlock, can you try to drink? You're breathing really fast, drinking might help slow it down a bit.”
“I know you would Sherlock. But he's safe, he's coming to rescue you.” By this point, Lestrade figured that Sherlock was in the midst of a flashback of some sort, probably of something that happened during his period away.
She huffed a breathy laugh and wiped at her face. “I think you should be running it by Mycroft, not me. He is the British Government after all.”
“So he doesn't like Parliament; that was fairly obvious from the beginning. But why these four and what's the significance of the symbol?”
He crawled over her, hands on either side of her shoulders and knees straddling her thighs. “I just don’t want to hurt you.”
John arrived late afternoon, bounding into the flat. Had he been a lesser man, Sherlock would have been startled at his boisterous appearance, but instead only raised an eyebrow. John was grinning from ear to ear and raised both arms out parallel to the floor.
“Mycroft said you were the one who wanted to be a pirate, don't try and live your fantasies through me!”
He was interrupted by a small stampede as Lestrade burst into the flat, followed more leisurely by Mycroft.
“No. This is all very...I don't know. I've always been secure enough to recognize when a man is handsome. I don't have a problem saying you're handsome. I never wanted to try anything with a man, though. But it's you, so touching is...okay? Kissing you this morning, also okay. More...I don't know right now. I'm open to...other things, I think...” John trailed off, frowning deeply and not looking at Sherlock.
“Are you asking if I'm a virgin? The answer is no, though it wasn't an especially pleasurable experience for either party. Neither of us reached orgasm and she went on to...well, she made sure no one else wanted me.”
“He was in Volgograd,” Sherlock said quietly. He’d been oddly subdued all night, even when he admitted to following her earlier. There was also an edge to his voice that Lio didn’t think John and Mycroft were hearing.
Sherlock stood, grabbing John's hands and pulling him to his feet. “Just for now. We'll talk tomorrow. Right now, I want to take a shower. With you.” He moved into John's space and whispered, “I want to suck you off and then I want you to fuck me,” he ended the whisper with a kiss that turned into a lick under John's ear. He reached down and palmed John through his jeans, drawing a moan from the shorter man. “Make me forget for tonight, John.”
“Absolutely not. I had them questioned. The notes are in the file I gave you. You will not be interviewing anyone or setting foot in Westminster Palace,” Mycroft told Sherlock over the phone later that evening.
The pure terror that Sherlock had seen in John's eyes tonight was a different beast. That wasn't the John Sherlock was familiar with. Though he'd never had one himself, Sherlock knew what a panic attack was by definition and knew its symptoms. His breathing and heart rate were far too fast, and if Sherlock hadn't arrived home when he did, John would have passed out within another few minutes. The muscle contractions had to have caused him some amount of pain, and he would most likely be sore tomorrow. Had John's PTSD worsened while he'd been away?
This one was just as tentative and they parted after a few seconds again. They sat staring at each other before John slapped his knee. “Right. I think I could use some tea. It's probably past time we got up anyway.” He left the warm bed and Sherlock, headed to the kitchen, and began preparing tea.
“Hmm, we'll have to wait to see what your homeless network turns up. I've been looking through Mycroft's interviews with the Lords whose staffers were killed.” He shook his head. “They're up to their eyeballs in just about everything. I don't know how they keep it all straight.”
“Oh God,” Sherlock moaned, dropping his forehead on John's shoulder. John nuzzled his neck, kissing hungrily up to his jaw and back down, finding Sherlock's sensitive spots. He discovered Sherlock was especially responsive near the hollow of  his throat. He alternated between sucking and laving his tongue over the area. John may have had no experience with men, but erogenous zones were erogenous zones, no matter the body, and he knew how to work them. He jerked them off faster, dragging his thumb over the heads of their cocks, reveling in Sherlock's breathy moans. The normally stoic man was more vocal than John was expecting.
Sherlock ascended the stairs and unlocked the door, shocked to find the flat pitch black, the only illumination provided by the frequent bolts of lightning. The storm didn’t seem to have knocked out power, since the stairwell was still lit, so it could possibly be a blown fuse. John could have turned everything off and gone to bed as well, though it was still too early for that, and in any event he would've waited up for Sherlock to bring dinner.
Lio frowned. “It’s not mentioned. He talks about traveling to other cities hunting the drug dealer and finding this combination every once in a while, but not Volgograd.”
“Boys,” John said, attempting to settle the Holmes brothers. “Oh, Lio! It’s good to see you! I mean, we live in the same building, but we hardly ever talk. How have you been?”
John nodded and took a gulp of tea against the dryness in his throat. “So, have you had sex with men?”
Sherlock took a deep breath and sat back down on the bed. He reached for John and buried his head in John’s stomach. “I’m sorry. I...I just...I don’t like this. There’s too many unknowns.”
John looked at him in astonishment. “You can't be serious. That drove you to a massive panic attack and dissociative episode. You don't need--”
He sat there, unable to sleep. His back felt as if it were being flayed open each time he shifted in the chair. His hands were bound tightly together behind him, so hunching forward wasn't an option. Sherlock didn't know how long he sat there, maybe only a few hours, before one of the men came back and gave him another injection. Over the next several hours he was drugged 6 more times. In the lulls, Sherlock was vaguely able to deduce that the drug he'd been given wasn't straight heroin and the seller from the alley had only sold him decent drugs to get him to this point. These new injections were cut with something, a hallucinogenic at least. He needed to get away before they overdosed him. He worked at his bonds, causing his wrists to bleed. It felt like all his blood was gushing from his wrists. The sounds in the room were amplified, every shift of his body against the metal chair was like a roaring beast, every drop of blood from his wrists crashed like an ocean wave, and even the smallest shaft of light poking through the dilapidated house was blinding. His head ached, he could barely keep his eyes open but each time he slid toward oblivion, the pain in his back, the grinding of the chair against the floor as he slumped forward, the smell of blood and urine, or the
“'S right mate.” Lestrade was glad Sherlock was aware enough to register John's name, but his eyes were still not focusing on his surroundings.
“Thank you Mr Holmes. I know I'm 'bait' but if it helps you catch this man, I'll do what I can.” She stood up straighter. “I'm ready when you are.”
“I know. I need to though. I realized today that I tell my physical therapist more about my nightmares than I tell my flatmate. I...don't like the way that makes me feel. Like I'm hiding something.”
Sherlock grinned back. “I told Mrs Hudson to take a few more days with her niece. With Mycroft’s people doing work on 221C, it makes more sense for her to extend her holiday.”
Sherlock surged off the couch again. “I don't know! They weren't Moriarty's, that's all I knew. They kept me there for two days, tied to a chair, and injected me with whatever they had. I never found out why. The drugs must've been cut with something, a hallucinogen, since I...saw...heard...things. When they left me alone on the second day, I escaped. I don't know how long I ran, I just wanted to put as much distance between me and that city as possible.” This was all said in one breath, and as Sherlock stopped talking, he was panting, a light sheen of sweat on his upper lip. He turned to John, a bit wild-eyed. “I want it. So much. That warm oblivion, that
Lio made a disgusted face. “Ugh, I forgot you were the one that was addicted to that. Just because you’re Russian doesn’t mean you have to like it.”
Sherlock's phone buzzed on the counter and all three of them jumped. “I don't think he's going to let me go; you wanna see who that is?”
“I bet.” She was still a little breathless, but rolled to her knees and reached for Sergei, who had to shuffle a little closer. Lio kissed him hard, tasting herself on his lips, and shoved his open pants down to his thighs. She tugged on his hard cock a few times before asking, “What do you want? My mouth? Or my pussy?”
Sherlock uncurled his fingers from Lestrade's arm. As much as he wanted to, Lestrade resisted the urge to shake it out. Sherlock's eyes widened and he broke out in a cold sweat. Having picked up enough drunks in his time to know what was coming, Lestrade quickly shoved a wastebasket under Sherlock just as he began to heave. John rubbed comforting circles into his back until it stopped.
They weren't teenagers; they could restrain themselves for the thirty seconds it took to make it to the bathroom, but it was a near thing as they stripped as they went. John barely got the shower turned on before Sherlock was on him, kissing him passionately and sucking his tongue into his mouth. They ran their hands down each others' bodies, Sherlock focusing on John's chest and stomach and John wrapping his arms around Sherlock caressing the smooth planes of his back before dipping lower and kneading his arse. Sherlock groaned into John's mouth and kissed down his jaw, finding the new sensation of early evening stubble quite interesting. He wondered what that would feel like between his legs. John had his head thrown back so Sherlock kissed down his neck, licking at the hollow of his throat. After their first time, they’d been limited in their exploits due to John picking up locum work again, so Sherlock intended to take his time.
The two of them slept in and took their time the next morning, leisurely getting ready for the day. Mycroft invited himself up for a late brunch while his workers were replacing Lio’s door and cleaning the carpeting. He also had a security team installing a few extra measures around all three flats and the surrounding street, but kept most of that information to himself. No need to ruffle feathers, as he knew neither Sherlock nor John would approve of his meddling.
Sherlock closed his eyes as if in prayer and reopened them. He slicked his cock and pressed against John’s entrance. He caught John’s gaze and held it (and his breath) as he pushed in slowly. “Okay?” he asked, seeing John wince. John’s erection had wilted a little.
“I didn’t think either of us would want a large meal. We do have some tins of soup, though, we could warm that up.”
“No, no one like that. The only regular I know is Lew, one of the baristas at Nero. He tried to get my number once, but he's seventeen, so I turned him down. The men from the Station are all older, and I don't think I've seen the same one twice.”
The next few seconds seemed to happen in slow motion. Lio took Sergei’s distraction and the fact that his gun wasn’t pointed at her head as the opening she needed to snap one of her legs back into Sergei’s groin, drawing a howl. The gun fired, deafening Lio’s left ear. His grip around her neck loosened enough that she was able to fight out of it. She took a step away from him, wheezing, and felt a rush of air go past her as someone tackled Sergei.
“I—yes, fine.” Turning to Molly, he said, “Lestrade said there have been others?” Sherlock placed one hand nonchalantly on the counter, bracing himself as his knees suddenly threatened to buckle.
John didn’t know if it was that thought or the heat of the bath that was making his face warm. He figured the latter based on the way his cock twitched interestedly. He frowned. Sherlock had given him everything, but there was still something John could give to Sherlock. He didn’t know if he was ready for that or if he would even like it. John thought for a moment, then decided to give it try, see what it felt like. He raised his knees and slid down a little into the tub, allowing his seeking hand better access. He found the opening and circled it gently. Not terrible so far. He pushed against it with a pinky finger. When it popped in, he was so startled John nearly yanked it right back out. It didn’t really feel much like anything, really. Maybe a little pressure, but not painful or pleasurable. He wiggled it around, moving it in circles and very, very slowly widening the opening. He could feel more pressure now, but that was it. He wasn’t even hard. John traded the pinky for his middle finger.
John raised an eyebrow, taking in Sherlock’s flat planes and sharp angles. There was nothing soft or curvy, nothing that made him "womanly." John was a little surprised to find himself okay with that. Sherlock was handsome, as he told the man before, but seeing him like this, faintly pink and wet from the hot shower, was more erotic than he’d expected. He stepped into the shower. “Hand me your shampoo.”
Sherlock covered John's hand. “I don't intend to.” He gagged and spat another mouthful of blood as the ambulance finally pulled in. Sherlock wiped his mouth on the blanket, grabbed John's face, and kissed him.
Sherlock sighed, and glared at Lestrade as if he were dealing with a child. “Reynolds is a big man, 225 pounds, 6 feet tall. Whoever moved him is also a man. Statistically speaking, men don't typically poison their victims. They use other methods.”
“Hmm. I’ve run into it before, working with Golov. Mostly western Russia. I haven’t seen it internationally yet.”
It was still dark when he awoke again, feeling eyes on him. John went completely still and cracked his eyes open, startled to see Sherlock wide awake and watching him. He didn't have his arm around John anymore, but they were still quite close.
Sergei smiled softly. “You’ll always be our Major. Come on, I have reservations, and these people are looking at us funny, speaking in Russian on their English soil.” He gently took Lio’s arm and led her inside, where they were in turn led to a table. They ordered, and Lio allowed Sergei to order for her though she was offered a Braille menu, something she hadn’t come across in a restaurant before.
John took in a surprised breath. “I admit, Sherlock, I didn't see this coming from you, 'Mr self-professed sociopath.' I never believed that, but you never seemed...interested...in a relationship, of any kind, before. Why now?”
They picked up some takeout for dinner on the way home. They ate in silence for a few minutes before Sherlock broke it by asking, “Are you all right?” after catching John rolling his neck and shoulders for the third time since they sat down.
For the most part. “Yes, good to see you too Donovan. There are storms moving in, so can we cut the childish name calling and get on with it?”
“Are you serious? I am, but you could at least—you know what, never mind. This is where Brian was found, right?”
“Hmm,” Sherlock took off toward Westminster Station, causing John to break into a jog to keep up with him. Sherlock barreled through the crowds of commuters and hopped down onto the tracks, ignoring John's hissed warnings. “James was pushed onto the tracks and chased. He was knocked down again when a train came through, taking off his head.”
He held up his hands, “Oi, I don't care, mate, that's your business, but I am glad that someone was able to prove that Sherlock has a heart.” He grasped John's right shoulder. “I gotta go take care of our murderer. Keep me posted though, yeah?”
She reached for him, ruthlessly pushing through the self-condemnation. “Now is your chance. Now we’re just Sergei and Lio. Now I won’t break. Now I’m
Sherlock set Sergei’s gun on the kitchen table and looked at the bullet hole in the counter-top, where it was still lodged. It had miraculously gone between both men and been stopped from causing further damage by the sturdy material.
“Yes. He would’ve killed all three of us if you hadn’t. You were defending us,” John said. He took her wrist and checked her pulse, which was racing. He also noticed she was cold and sweating, causing her to tremble slightly. “Lio, you’re going into shock. I need you to lie back and let me elevate your feet so you don’t pass out. Take slow, steady breaths, okay? Sherlock, grab a blanket.” Lio complied, and let John man-handle her legs under a few pillows. She also let Sherlock cover her with a blanket.
Sherlock dealt with the washing up while John watched from his seat at the kitchen table. He yawned into his hand.
John looked up at him in shock and shook his head like a dog. “No no no no, Jesus, Sherlock, I'm sorry if I gave you that impression. No, I meant what I said about seeing where this goes.” He averted his eyes. “I guess...I hadn't expected it to be real so fast, y'know?”
She inhaled deeply. “No, I haven't eaten, thank you.” They sat at the table and Mycroft distributed the cartons of food as well as a thermos of tea. They ate in silence. Lio was determined to wait him out, but Mycroft had infinite amounts of patience. Lio's was bordering on non-existent.
John sighed again. “Yes and no. He...got a little crazed last night. Sorry he accused you of being involved.”
John suppressed the shiver that the order produced and did as Sherlock directed. The bed dipped as Sherlock straddled his hips. John heard the bottle of lotion open and close
For his part, all of John's thought processes had screeched to a complete halt before slowly, ploddingly coming back online again. Sherlock had kissed him. Sherlock was watching him for some sort of reaction. Sherlock was slowly withdrawing the longer he didn't give one. John gave himself a mental shake and re-focused on Sherlock's eyes. His pupils were slightly dilated. Sherlock's words to The Woman came back to him: “I took your pulse.” John slid his hand from where it was still resting on Sherlock's knee and gently wrapped his fingers around the other man's wrist. Sherlock glanced down briefly, then met John's eyes again. He let go.
Sherlock swallowed and nodded. “My behavior last night...when I analyze my actions and motives, I realize that everything I did was because of you.”
Sherlock was nowhere to be seen in the immediate vicinity, but the kitchen had been cleaned up as promised. John headed to the bedroom, wary at how dimly lit it was. Sherlock was shirtless at the foot of the bed, tearing all the covers off it. The desk next to the bed held a wide array of Sherlock’s fancy lotions.
“The gunshot ruptured your eardrum. It’s bleeding, but it’s not serious. Are you hurt anywhere else?” he asked again.
“Jesus he's got an iron grip. Sherlock, mate, listen. You're safe. It's just me and Molly. We're not going to hurt you.”
“Quite the mistake. And one you clearly can’t fix on your own, considering Lio’s here,” Sherlock said, fixing his brother with a cold glare.
Sherlock sighed. “It does, but if you're the next target, the killer knows your movements. We need to know your routine, in detail, to prevent your murder.”
Lestrade looked up from his notebook. “Do you know how hard it is to break someone’s neck like this? Shut up, Sherlock, I’m sure
Sherlock slid John’s pants down with a dark look of his own, exposing his arse. Sherlock was now straddling John’s upper thighs, and John could feel Sherlock’s erection pressing against him. Sherlock grabbed the lotion again and went to work on  the muscled flesh, clearly no longer focused on the massage. He palmed and spread. John sucked in a ragged breath.
i do have an idea for a part three, and also maybe a prequel focusing on john while sherlock was away, because we all have to do one of those.
Upon arrival at the restaurant, Angelo nearly tackled Sherlock, embracing him in a fierce hug. The burly Italian lifted Sherlock off his feet for a moment in his excitement. Once he was calm enough, Sherlock whispered something to him that John didn't catch and they were ushered to the window table.
He paused at a bench. “This is where I came across Mike, and he took me to Bart's to introduce us.” He smiled fondly. “Had someone told me that I'd end up living with a mad genius detective who plays violin and borrows items from morgues, I would've had them committed.” The smile dropped. “I almost didn't stop when Mike called to me. I had checked out, wanted nothing to do with the world.” He looked up at Sherlock. “If I hadn't met you, I wouldn't be here.”
Making a decision, he flipped them so Sherlock had his back on the bed. Sherlock let out a huff of annoyance at being moved so roughly but it turned into a moan as John palmed him through his pajamas. He pulled them down, freeing Sherlock's cock. It was longer and thinner than John's; of course, everything about Sherlock was long and thin and even though John was feeling brave, there was no way he was going to get that all in his mouth.
“No, thank you.” He snatched the flannel from John and disappeared into the bathroom. It gave John just enough time to throw another set of sheets on the bed as Sherlock came back relatively quickly.
He was silent for a few moments, and Lio listened to his breathing begin to even out. “Hey, hey, wake up, you bum!” she said, shaking him.
Lio wavered on her feet, every breath agony through her battered throat, but she was coherent enough to dimly hear a few hard punches and grunts from the two men battling on the floor, and Sherlock’s tight, “John, I can’t get a clean shot with you rolling around like that.”
“I just thought I'd bring you a little something to hold you over for the next day or two,” she whispered. She was clearly fighting an excited outburst at finding “her boys” together. “I'll go. Let me know if you need anything, dearie.” She clapped her hands together in front of her chest and trotted away, humming a bright tune.
John's eyes widened and he froze, just staring at Sherlock for several seconds. He sucked in a breath through his nose and took Sherlock's hand. “Let's go home.”
Sherlock was released the next morning, with strict instructions to take it easy for the next few days at least, and to return to hospital if he felt any shortness of breath or pain in his chest. The stab wound itself wasn't large and only needed a few stitches to close. He spent most of the first day in bed and finally joined John in the living room just before dinner.
John sympathized with not wanting to lay out all your demons, but bringing them out into the open had helped him. He hoped it would do the same for Sherlock. “It's all right. You can trust me with whatever it is.”
The three of them arrived shortly after lunch time and were directed to Lio’s room by a very chipper nurse. Lio was propped up in bed, seemingly listening to the TV, which was turned to a nature program. Her head was tilted to the left and away from the door, focusing the sound to her functioning right ear. They filed in quietly, but Lio turned her head toward them and smiled softly.
They were trying to get him to drink something. He didn't want it. He clamped down tighter on the arm he was holding; he'd break it if they tried to inject him again.
“Ah, thanks Molly. We'll let you know if we need anything else,” John said, and turned to follow Sherlock.
“I stole some lubricant from Bart's. We shouldn't need condoms. I know we're both clean; you're a doctor, you get tested regularly, and I was tested just before returning to London. I want this. I want you.”
Far too late for dinner as it turned out. Mycroft kept him all damned day, and he didn't make it home until nearly midnight. John was already in (his own) bed. Sherlock went to bed, and even though it had only been one night, he missed John's warmth. He frowned. This was going to be hard, harder than any case. It involved too many feelings, something neither of them were very good at, Sherlock especially. He thought he loved John, but he didn't understand how that could be possible. And what would John think about Sherlock’s feelings for him? He said he was open to exploring this, but Sherlock also didn't think it was possible for John to love someone like him. Sherlock didn’t even know what did people did when they were in love. Besides sex, since John made it clear he wasn't ready for that step yet and Sherlock didn't think he was either. Did they go on dates? Should he ask John to go out with him? He considered the cases they went on together similar to a date, but John pointed out once long ago that his idea of a date and Sherlock's idea of a date were very different. That ruled out Chinese circuses. Dinner was a relatively safe bet, and something they did often enough. But where? A slow grin spread over Sherlock's face. He knew exactly where to take John on a date. Gaining confidence in the plan forming in his head, he finally settled down to sleep.
She'd gone off the baclofen about four months ago, after the seizures. It had stopped controlling the random eye movements and she didn't feel the need to replace it with another drug, though it had taken some noticeable stares, even for her, before she broke down and bought dark glasses. She realized the jerky, unfocused wandering of her eyes was disconcerting to most. “I wear glasses in public.” Lio cocked her head. “Does it bother you, that you don't know if I'm actually focusing on you?”
Lestrade had Sherlock's undivided attention. Sherlock had been without a solid case for nearly three weeks and he was ready to take whatever the DI had. “I assume you shouldn't tell me anything about your cases, but you do anyway because you always need my help, and my reactions have nothing to do with my ability to solve a case.”
“Lay back,” he ordered, and as she did, she heard the telltale rustling of a condom packet being opened. A few moments later, the bed tipped as he climbed between her legs again. Sergei put the tip of his cock against her pussy and ran it up and down a few times, gathering the wetness. “Ready?” he asked and positioned himself at her entrance.
Sherlock let Ms Monroe leave a few minutes ahead of him and followed her at a safe distance: close enough to be available if necessary, but far enough away not to be obvious. He texted John and Lestrade, letting them both know they were on their way and should arrive in about ten minutes. Both replied that they hadn't seen anything unusual yet. Ms Monroe was to follow her usual routine of ordering coffee and food, and sit in her usual spot, making it look like she was there alone. Sherlock would join John while Lestrade kept watch outside.
John grabbed his arms and forced him to sit. “I need you to breathe, Sherlock. It doesn’t matter that you missed it. We know now. We need to find out what he’s doing here. And we need to warn Lio. He’s more involved than she realizes.”
At least the sun was out and he could hear birds the next time he woke, but Sherlock was either still watching him or watching him again, he didn't know which was worse, although this time he was propped up on an elbow.
They arrived at Mycroft's office, and John was surprised to see a young woman already waiting for them.
Sherlock rolled toward him and threw an arm across his chest. John stiffened for a moment, but relaxed at Sherlock's breathy “Yeah.”
“Sherlock, sit back down. Now listen, you don't consider me...lesser...for having feelings, do you?”
Sherlock slid in behind John, noting that while his eyes were still wide and fearful, the corners were pinched in pain. He was hurting himself. Sherlock wrapped his right arm around John's chest and pulled him back into his own. He kept his arm there and said, “All right, follow my breaths. Slow and steady.”
“Huh? Oh, yeah. Just a little sore from the fight with Sergei. I was pretty stiff this morning, but the shower helped. I took some paracetamol earlier.”
Sherlock whirled on him, but before he could retort, there was a quiet “I wouldn't be too sure about that,” from John, who was kneeling on the floor. He had Reynolds' sock off and was holding his foot, pointing at the scarring visible on the dead man's ankle. “He injected it in his feet.” John pulled off the other sock. “Ah, here's the one that killed him, near the ball of the ankle. It's the freshest.”
He kissed her deeply, then began moving down her body, kissing as he went. He spent some time on her breasts; she moaned and buried her fingers in his hair before he went to her waist and unbuttoned her pants. Sergei pulled them and her underwear down agonizingly slow, still kissing as he went but avoiding the growing wetness between her legs.
“Ahem. To get back on track. Mr Alenin found more evidence scattered across western Russia, up to the Ukrainian border, but his notes state he never crossed international lines.”
He lay awake for a while, trying to sort this out in his head. John would be the first to admit that his and Sherlock's relationship was a bit...odd, but he hadn't pictured Sherlock using him as a teddy bear and cuddling with him. Or anyone, for that matter. Certainly not willingly. It spoke to the level of trust Sherlock had in John, and John was...flattered wasn't quite the word he wanted, it was more than that. Sherlock didn't let people in that closely, and for John to be the one...The more he thought about it, the more he realized he wasn't put off by their growing physicality. He loved Sherlock, and he didn't think it was a huge secret, though he always considered it a platonic kind of love, the kind you have for your best mate.
“Very well, Miss Verednikova.” Mycroft gathered up his things. “We’ll meet tomorrow after your date, then.” With a nod to Sherlock and John, he left.
He staggered out into the night, leaving his safe-house for the moment, hoping the cool night air would ease his back. He was hoping for something else, but tried not to think about the consequences or what his brother would think if he knew what the plan was. He wandered a few blocks before coming upon another man in an alley.
He let his head drop against the couch with a groan and tossed the latest book aside after a short investigation. What was wrong with him? Normally he'd be running himself into the ground, chasing leads, no matter how weak, all over the city. He wouldn't be contemplating going to bed in the middle of a case. He looked at the closed bedroom door. It was John's fault. No, that wasn't fair. His need to be with John was the problem. Sherlock frowned. Problem? John had been anything but a problem. In fact he had taken Sherlock's declaration of love last night with more grace than expected, and he'd not only accepted but reciprocated fellatio. He also accepted their new relationship with a surprising ease. Sherlock couldn't have asked for their evolution to have gone better. So what, then, was the problem?
“It was done in the early morning, with the fewest people. And at least two were killed elsewhere, and Moira here could be ignored as a drunk. Stephen was the only one that was high risk, which is why the killer hasn't struck again. These are messages, to Parliament. All were within view of Westminster Palace, and the places they were left had something to do with Westminster: the Pier, the Bridge, the Station, and the Gardens.”
Sherlock jumped. It was John's voice, but it...wasn't, somehow. It was weak and breathy, as if it had been forced out of him. Sherlock swung the phone towards the voice, and the torch rested on the glassy-eyed stare of John Watson, who was sitting on the kitchen floor, his back to the wall and a broken tea cup near his splayed legs. Sherlock slammed his hand into the kitchen light switch, flooding the room in a fluorescent pallor. Briefly considering how long John had to have been sitting there if the room had gone dark naturally, Sherlock swore and ran to his friend's side and dropped to his knees. “John?” he said, and gently grabbed his wrist, taking his pulse. It beat frantically under his fingertips. John was covered in a cold sweat. It had soaked through his shirt and left his skin cool and clammy. He was shaking fit to break apart, so much that his teeth were chattering.
John shrugged a bit sheepishly and stood. “Sorry mate. Looks like you're on your own.” He turned to follow Sherlock.
Sherlock rubbed a hand over his face. “You scared the hell out of me,” he said in a rare moment of vulnerability. “How do you feel?”
“Sherlock, I'm fine. You need to get out for a while. It'll do us both some good. Go solve a case, get back into it again.”
“John, John, John, stop!” John jerked his fingers out, thinking he had hurt Sherlock, causing the other man to squawk in discomfort at the sudden withdrawal. Sherlock flopped over onto his back, not noticing or caring that he was laying in the come from his previous orgasm. “I think I was going to come again,” he gasped. His cock was purple and throbbing against his belly. “Please John.” He raised his knees and grasped the back of his thighs, spreading himself as wide as possible.
Ms Monroe puffed herself up a bit. “I take pride in my work with Lord Denton and the Security Committee.”
“I'm not in shock,” he protested, and tried to pull it off before being overcome with wracking coughs. Blood trickled from his mouth.
“Sherlock,” John said softly. He didn't get a response. He reached out and ran his fingers through Sherlock's hair, which was becoming damp with sweat. “Sherlock,” he called again. “You're safe in London. Baker Street. It's John. I'm here. You're safe. Wherever you are, it's just a dream. You're here, with me. Safe, Sherlock.”
Alarmed and trying not to show it, Sherlock kept his voice steady. “John, you need to breathe slower or you'll hyperventilate and pass out. Easy now, breathe with me, in...out...”
John's eyes widened. His hips started moving almost of their own accord. He grabbed Sherlock's knees for leverage as he rocked into him.
She waved a hand. “Eh, nothing exciting. I know you were busy with physical therapy, so don’t worry about it. I can tell you’re steadier on the stairs; you’ve recovered well?”
“Sherlock, I was thinking. Maybe we should switch rooms, at least until I have one fully functioning leg again. You can take my room. I'm positively exhausted; I was planning to go to bed now, actually.”
“It's part of you, just like this one,” Sherlock said, and spread his palm over the scar Moran left on his abdomen, feeling the muscles jump under his hand. He pressed another light kiss to John's shoulder. “This one's almost gone,” he said, tracing the other cut Moran left, the fading stripe that started at the hollow of John's throat and ended at his navel. “They prove you're a survivor. You're strong, indomitable, and I wouldn't have you any other way.”
“We had him autopsied, of course, to find out what kind of drugs he'd taken. Turns out Molly had seen that particular cocktail before, in seven other overdose deaths over the past few months. It's also shown up a few times at various A&Es around the city. Which means--”
“You won’t.” She reached up with both hands and touched his face, tracing his eyebrows and the crows feet at the corners of his eyes with her thumbs, his ears with her fingertips, and sweeping them to his cheeks and jaw and nose before coming to rest gently on his lips. “I know this face. I know you. I trust you.” She felt another little stab of shame and shoved it roughly aside.
“Liolya! I just got your email; you better have a good explanation for sending me this at nineteen hundred hours on a weekend.”
Thankful for the towels, John rolled them both and grabbed one from underneath himself and wiped down their chests. His cock slid from Sherlock and the taller man finally moved off him. They ended up in the opposite position of the their first time: John was on his back and Sherlock was on his stomach.
“Finally free of that bloody boot!” he exclaimed happily. “They still want me to take it easy, so no chasing after criminals across rooftops, but I can go back out again!”
“No...just this.” Sherlock reached across the table and put his hand on John's, which was still holding the stem of the wine glass.
is visible, barely, in the corner of the frame. Sergei captioned it as a ‘drug den’ but the house is empty. Drug dens have paraphernalia scattered about, they have evidence of squatters, there’s old clothes, old food containers, old furniture,
“Miss Verednikova,” Mycroft's tone darkened. “This involves my brother. I will do whatever is necessary to protect him.”
Sherlock unconsciously flexed his fingers. He was out of practice and needed to build up his callouses again, but that was easily remedied. “If you honestly require it, I can play 'Twinkle Twinkle Little Star.'”
straight up porn. usually i edit/beta my own shit, but i didn't do that with this chapter. i believe all the words are there. you have no idea how many times i typoed sherlock as sherlcok during this. Chapter title from "halo" off transmissions by starset (ha, changed it up)
“Come in me, Sherlock,” John whispered, pulling two fingers through the mess on his chest and circling his nipples. He whined at the over sensitivity.
He cut off a loud moan, slapping a hand over his mouth to stifle it and knees nearly buckling as Sherlock took him into his mouth. He rested his other hand on Sherlock's head, tangling his fingers in the curls. John was going to last an embarrassingly short time, but he managed to hold out until one of Sherlock's hands, which had been gripping his hips, started fondling his balls.
“We need to know what we're getting into, so someone needs to be in the cafe. With Lestrade outside, he'll be able to call for backup if necessary. There's no need to worry.”
Sergei leaned in. “Not at all.” He kissed her gently, one hand coming up to rest on the back of her neck with his thumb stroking her cheek and jaw. He pulled back after a few seconds.
John narrowed his eyes. Mycroft hadn't used his title since they first met and it was way too early to try and puzzle out his reasons. He rubbed his face.
“Three inch-long diagonal lines. A symbol, but of what? For whom?” Sherlock stood for a moment before sweeping out of the morgue.
Thunder rumbled in the distance as he wrapped up his investigation, informing Lestrade haughtily that this wasn't a murder but an accidental death caused by the man's prescription drugs and an undiagnosed heart condition that would be found in the autopsy.
“Mycroft, you have a phone and know how to use it. I don’t understand why you insist on ‘dropping by’ as if you’re making a social call,” Sherlock snapped.
The kettle boiled and Lio brought Sergei his tea and sat next to him on the couch with her own. “Strange that it would end up in London. You know more about it than I was expecting. The drug, I mean.”
She didn’t make it too far before she heard Sergei’s voice call her name. Lio turned toward him as he jogged up.
“Colonel, you know me better than that. It's a little more complicated. The drugs have ended up here in London. It's causing problems for the locals.”
The other eyebrow joined the first and they climbed toward his hairline. “Sherlock. Are you sure? You just came out of hospital. I don't know if we have...” John was pink all over.
John smiled faintly, not meeting Sherlock's eyes. “Later, it just...never came up. So we didn't talk about it. After you...left, I felt guilty. There was so much we missed out on, so much unspoken. You were—are—my best friend, and there were so many things we didn't know about each other. When we met, you reminded me there was still something for me in this world, a purpose. When you were gone, that purpose was gone. I didn't have anything. Or I thought I didn't. I was so…pissed...at you for leaving, I hated you, and then I felt guilty about being angry. Rather than feel that constant guilt and anger...” he paused and finally met Sherlock’s eyes, left hand trembling, “I sat on the edge of the tub and put my gun in my mouth.”
“Right. 25I, also known as Nbomb. It’s a powerful hallucinogenic and one of the few that can be fatal in high doses. Usually see it at the clubs along with ecstasy and DMT, but you’re right, you wouldn’t see tweakers with that combination.”
John and Sherlock stood next to each other, panting, with John beginning to giggle. “That distracted me from the taste, but now I'm freezing.”
He was pointedly ignored. Lestrade shook his head. “Bloody bastard,” he muttered. John sympathized, having been on the receiving end of Mycroft's manipulations plenty.
Lio shrugged. “Well, too late now.” The computer beeped, indicating the download was finished. “Okay, let’s see what you’ve been hiding, Sergei.” She sat at the computer and used the arrow keys to find the newly downloaded file and open it. There were dozens of emails between Sergei and Golov, as well as a handful of text message threads that Sergei deemed important enough to save. Golov used a personal email address, more evidence that whatever they were doing was not official. She went down the email list, trying to find something from the Volgograd time period, and found a message from Sergei to Golov stating that they had a test subject.
“Because I'm different! My vastly superior intellect should put me above such things!” Sherlock spat derisively.
John stood from his chair and went to him, grabbing his upper arms gently. “Hey, it's all right,” he said again. “I've got you. Whenever you feel like this, come to me. We'll work through it together. I can't play the violin, so what can I do for you to take your mind off it? Do you want to try to sleep?”
“Suit yourself. Go on, get your damn food. I’ll call later, after I finish sleeping.” He rolled over onto his stomach and was asleep nearly instantly.
John's mouth snapped shut. Sherlock tossed him his phone. Mycroft had sent a file at some point during the excitement that appeared to show the results of a blood test. “Lestrade?”
Mycroft rocked back and forth on his heels, hands behind his back. “I can wait until you're finished.”
“Indeed. His mark was on his chest, so the killer didn't have time after the train struck him to hide it like he did the other three. The train operator knew he hit something and called it in right away.” He hauled himself back onto the platform and helped John up before taking off.
“Sherlock, you can't just drop biting commentary like that and move on. Why is it useless?” Lestrade prodded.
A steady stream of “ohs” were escaping Sherlock, occasionally interspersed with John's name. It came to a stop all at once and Sherlock grabbed John's hands, silent and wide-eyed, as he came again. The ripples of Sherlock's orgasm against John's cock almost caused him to lose control and he stopped moving.
“Probably his dealer. Testing out a new product, came to see how it was going and found his guinea pig dead. Tried to make it look accidental. Not worth our time. Come along John, we've more important things to worry about,” Sherlock said and swept out the door, ignoring Lestrade's “Oi!”
“Lestrade!” John called. The DI rejoined them in the living room, looking askance at John, who showed him the needle. He immediately had it collected into evidence. “Have your people found anything that would point to Reynolds being diabetic? Test strips? More needles? Glucose?”
Lestrade found John in the waiting room, impatiently pacing while Sherlock was still in surgery. He handed the other man a cup of coffee.
They settled into a routine over the next few weeks. Sherlock worked Lestrade's cold cases but wouldn't leave the flat. He ran all the errands, doing all the shopping while John was at physical therapy so he could be home with John. It was a good set up, but John knew Sherlock was going stir-crazy, living this forced domesticity.
Sherlock walked back a bit to the platform, where several people were giving them odd looks “Not if he was standing here. He was leaning against this wall, right under the camera. A bit of fiber is stuck in the panels; it matches his shirt.”
John's hands were still on his arse, and Sherlock tried the same, massaging and kneading and spreading while he kissed and nipped and licked down John's chest. His tongue flicked at a nipple, which pulled a breathy “fuck” from John and brought one of his hands to his straining erection, giving it a few quick jerks before reaching for Sherlock's cock. Sherlock slid to his knees before John could wrap his fingers around it. He pulled at it himself instead, trying to relieve some of the pressure but only ended up making it worse. He took his hands away and looked up at John as he lapped at the head of his cock before taking it fully into his mouth. John collapsed against the cool tile of the shower as Sherlock's hot mouth enveloped his cock. While he was down here, Sherlock tilted his lower body toward the shower spray and spread himself. If they were going to have sex, he wanted to be as clean as possible. This wasn't perfect, but it would have to do.
“I told you you’d regret that fourth round against the wall. How do you think my back feels after that? Not to mention my hips. Does this room have a hot tub?”
The Colonel sighed. “Nothing good ever comes of doing you favors. Last time my car ended up on fire.”
It was another two weeks before they were able to put their communication resolution to the test. John came home from therapy much more upbeat than usual, and Sherlock detected a different sound to his gait on the stairs. John entered the flat with a flourish of his hands, his right empty of the cane but the left still closely held next to his body due to the shoulder brace.
“Good. Why waste more time. You don’t know how long I’ve waited for this. I couldn’t do anything while you were Major Verednikova, and then you were injured, and then you left. I never had a chance.”
They arrived at the cafe without incident and without Sherlock seeing anyone suspicious. He sat down at John's table while Ms Monroe ordered.
“Sherlock, check the kitchen cabinets for a vial of Versed, quickly!” John set the timer on his phone while Sherlock found the Versed. “Good, hold her head still as gently as possible. I’m going to try to get this into her.” He scanned the instructions on the vial and pulled the medication into the dropper. He slid it between her lips and teeth and forced the liquid into her mouth. John massaged her throat a few times, hoping to get the drug into her system. “All right, let go. Now we just have to wait,” he said, rolling Lio onto her side.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Yes, thank you Mycroft. Come along, Ms Monroe. Let's flush out our murderer.”
“This won't accomplish anything in the long run, you know that. There may be a few more corpses, but the work itself won't suffer. These people will be replaced, and the general public will carry on in ignorance.” Sherlock looked up at the silence from John, who was frowning at him unblinkingly. He sighed. “John...”
John kept going, as if he didn't hear Sherlock. “So I thought about why. I think at first, I didn't want you to think less of me. It was bad enough you cured my psychosomatic limp that first night, but if you knew I was...broken...in other ways, you wouldn't want to bother.”
The four bodies lay side by side on autopsy slabs. “What's their causes of death?” Sherlock said without any greeting.
Sherlock flopped back onto the couch and threw an arm over his eyes. He began speaking, and John had to lean forward to hear him. “Volgograd. Maybe two months before I came back to London. I...hadn't slept in three or four days. I...” he trailed off, and glanced pleadingly at John from under his arm.
Sherlock's face lit up, and John would savor that look for eternity. If he had to reassure the man that he was worth John's love daily for the rest of his life, John would do it just to see that expression.
“What--?” he started, and tried to focus. There were three...no four men in this room. His head lolled backward and he forced himself to hold it steady. “What did you give me?” he tried again in Russian.
Sergei barked a laugh. “You? I’m not here for you. What’s so important about you? Once you escaped, we washed our hands of you, hoping you’d died out in the cold. I didn’t ‘use’ Lio for anything. In fact, she used me.”
John nodded and pulled the piece of clothing off as if it offended him. Sherlock fingered the top button of the shirt underneath. “Can I? I'd like to...see you.” John nodded again as Sherlock began undoing buttons. John reached for Sherlock's shirt and began doing the same, the uncertainty of “other things” melting away under Sherlock's fingers.
Sherlock blinked several times at John before pushing him onto his back and straddling his stomach. He leaned over, planting his elbows on either side of John's head, and kissed him roughly, bringing their mouths together in a clash of tongues, lips and teeth. Sherlock pulled back with a gasp and swollen lips. “I love you, John Watson.”
John chuckled, trying to alleviate some of the awkwardness he felt. “I wish everyone looked at me like that after a kiss.”
“John, I need to use my fingers now. Tell me if you’re uncomfortable or want to stop. I don’t want to hurt you.”
John was unable to suppress the groan that the first press of Sherlock’s hands into his shoulder drew out.
John took in a breath, as if preparing himself for something unsavory. Sherlock paused and watched him.
John looked at Sherlock to their hands and back to Sherlock. His eyes widened slightly. “Are-are we on a date?” Sherlock's mouth twitched, fighting off a smile and didn't answer, watching John process the information. “Oh. This is...this is great. That explains the candle then. Who would have thought, Sherlock Holmes on a date. You big softy,” John teased with a gentle smile, tightening his fingers around Sherlock's.
Sherlock stopped pacing, but didn't sit. He looked at John, “No, for being an idiot. Though less so than the population in general.”
“Right, okay. Um, I get off at Westminster Station around 7am, and walk to the Palace. I get buzzed in by security by 7:30. I don't leave the Palace until 5:30 or 6.”
“I've seen you interact with your previous girlfriends. This is what you do, John. You make sure your partner is comfortable and fully consenting before pursuing a sexual relationship.” John squeaked a bit. Sherlock pursed his lips and furrowed his brow. “John, you've never...with a man.”
“I know, doesn’t mean it’s not embarrassing.” She sighed and shook her head. “Just make sure he doesn’t rearrange my furniture.”
It didn't take long. John spilled down Sherlock's throat with a shout and a jerk, knocking his head against the headboard. Sherlock was still laying between John's legs, breathing deeply and waiting for him to come down.
John started reading through their activities. “Parliamentary privilege committee, Human Rights Committee, oh here's a fun one 'Televising of the Proceedings of the House.' Do we really need a whole committee on that? No wonder we have 800 Lords.”
Sherlock rested his hands on John's head, gripping his hair lightly. That wrenched a moan from John and he bobbed his head faster, going deeper each time, but still not able to get it all in. He inserted a finger into Sherlock.
Sergei was shocked into silence for several moments before coming back to himself, “Fuck you! You taste like garlic!”
Sherlock slid his hand back to John's groin. “Seems plenty awake.” Sherlock straightened, straddling John's hips and rocking gently.
They sat at their usual places; Mycroft in John’s chair, John and Sherlock next to each other on the couch, and Lio taking the remaining spot to Sherlock’s right. Sherlock’s laptop, with the thumb drive, and Mycroft’s files were on the coffee table.
Lio hoped he wasn’t going to be much longer. People were beginning to stare, probably thinking she’d been stood up.
“Pretty good to do that without being able to see,” Lio said a little breathlessly. He didn’t say anything, only clamped his mouth on a newly exposed nipple and massaged both breasts. “Jesus!” she gasped, and arched into him. She felt him smile, the arrogant jerk, so she slid her hand down and opened Sergei’s pants. Lio slipped her hand in, teasing her fingers over his hard cock.
They arrived at the room a short while later and settled in for a classic steak dinner, though Sergei had somehow gotten his hands on something rather unusual for London. Lio sniffed the air like a bloodhound a few times before she caught it.
Sherlock's breath came in strange gurgles and he cleared his throat wetly, only to spit out a mouthful of blood. John wiped Sherlock's hair from his sweaty forehead and laid a palm on his cheek. “Hey. You can't do this. Sherlock Holmes, you can't leave me again.”
Sherlock took that as permission to put a little more strength into his hips as he plunged into John. The precome was making obscene sounds as John leaked over his hand.
He chuckled around John's cock, causing it to twitch in his mouth. Concentrating, he stretched his jaw as wide as he could and swallowed, managing to take John completely down his throat.
John didn't let him finish the question. His eyes snapped open and he fixed Sherlock with a glare. “Absolutely not. Although I'm a bit jealous at your complete lack of refractory period. And are you aware how dirty your mouth can get?”
“Volgograd,” Sherlock finished for him. “I escaped you and your drugs. What did you want with me? Why use Lio to get to me?”
“Ah, John!” Sherlock cried. He pulled back a little, and before John could go in again, Sherlock shoved two fingers in his mouth. “Suck.” John’s eyes widened and his cock throbbed at the order. “These are going in you, so make them nice and wet.” John gathered saliva and worked his tongue around Sherlock’s fingers, imagining they were Sherlock’s cock. Sherlock was panting as he withdrew, and slid his dripping fingers between John’s legs. Already softened from the rimming earlier, the first finger slid in easily.
Though he was loathe to leave, he definitely needed to clean up after yesterday. John took him up on his offer and Mycroft headed back to Sherlock's room, finding his younger brother awake. “How are you feeling, brother dear?”
“Yes there are, you just haven't found them yet. The murder weapon is also most likely in this house.” Sherlock crouched down again and began searching under the rest of the furniture.
“John?” he called. “Have we lost power? I'll have to go down and check the breakers to see if any of them have been tripped. I know we have candles around here somewhere...” He set the bag of food down on the floor while he fumbled with the torch app on his phone.
John was already awake and had breakfast waiting by the time Sherlock woke up. He wandered out to the living room to John sipping tea and reading Mycroft's Parliament murder files.
“John, can we...” he trailed off, frowning as John continued leaving kisses down his jaw. “I'd like to try—oh God!” he exclaimed as John hit the sensitive spot on his throat. Sherlock pushed him back and John raised an eyebrow. “John, I want you inside me.”
“...No.” Sherlock reached up and grabbed John's right arm, dragging him down with a surprised “gah!”
“Oh! Sherlock! Ah shitshitshit!” John tensed up as his climax approached and Sherlock took a chance, spreading John's arse and placing two fingers near the entrance, rubbing gently.
Mycroft sighed. “There was...an incident shortly before Sherlock returned to London. He was abducted and drugged for two days before he was able to escape. I was unable to find any connection to Moran or Moriarty, so, regretfully, I let it go. The drugs that were used in that incident have now appeared in London. I've retraced my investigation and have come up against some red tape. My government contacts aren't getting results or aren't working fast enough.”
She shrugged. “Force of habit to put them on when I leave the flat.” She shoved them on top of her head.
The kettle whistled. John nodded once, straightened his posture, spread some jam on a few slices of toast, and brought them into the living room like a man going to war. He set a plate down near Sherlock and sat in his own chair, sipping tea.
The kettle boiled and John gave both Lestrade and Sherlock a cup before settling next to Sherlock on the couch with his own. “You could've,” he said. “We both know he wouldn't have let you.”
Sherlock hummed in agreement and went to the bathroom. He removed his soiled clothes, turned on the shower, and got in. He was a little startled when John joined him, and almost felt the need to cover his naked body. John seemed to be appraising him. He could feel himself blushing again.
“We’ll have to at some point. Either that or wait for Mrs Hudson to come home so she can hose us down.”
Dinner continued in that vein, with flirting and casual touches. They talked, mostly about John's shoulder. He'd probably need a full shoulder replacement within the next ten to fifteen years, but that was something that had been on the table since he'd been shot in Afghanistan. They spoke about cases and how to reintroduce Sherlock to the world, and decided to rely on Lestrade for the moment and slowly build up their online presence again through John's blog. Once they finished dinner, John suggested they walk through Regent's Park.
It took longer than she was hoping, but she found it in his pants, which somehow ended up under the bed. Taking both phones, her headphones and a USB cable, she went to the bathroom and locked the door. She fumbled with the cable for a few minutes, struggling with the unfamiliar phone. Worst case scenario, she’d take the whole damn thing, but Lio wanted as much of a buffer as she could get before Sergei realized something was wrong. Finally able to connect the phones, she listened to the prompts to transfer data from one to the other. She had to whisper her responses, which caused a few problems, but she got the download started.
After he left, Lio opened the file Mycroft left and slid the papers into her scanner. She'd spent a considerable amount of money upgrading her technology: new computer, new audio set up, text to speech software, anything that would be helpful. She listened to what Mycroft had and made some edits, cutting out what she deemed unimportant. It wasn't necessary to let anyone know who this was all regarding or on who's behalf she was asking for information. A friend would suffice. She sent the redacted information to her former commander, then made a phone call.
“John,” he breathed, and began kissing his way down John's chest and stomach, following the fading scar and the pale blond hair that led to his waist, sinking slowly to his knees. It took John until Sherlock started fumbling with his belt to realize what was happening.
John rolled his eyes and shook his head. Changing subjects, he said, “Lio should come off sedation tomorrow morning, so she might be able to come home tomorrow evening, but it will more likely be the day after. I spoke briefly with Dr Patel, and I get the feeling he doesn’t like us, like we’ve corrupted her or something.”
They caught a cab and as they were en route to the scene, John pulled up his left pants leg. “Look at this.”
“Sergei figured the runner was just a stupid kid who went clubbing the night before and when he sampled the product, the combination killed him. And I’m not going to ask why or how you know that’s Sergei.” Lio said, shaking her head.
Mycroft collected her shortly after lunch the next day, and they headed up to 221B to discuss things with Sherlock and John. Mycroft let himself in to their flat as if he lived there, though he did pause before opening the door, allowing Lio time to let him know if the two men were “busy.”
“So am I,” Sherlock pushed himself back onto the couch, and leaned forward, elbows on knees. “I...am also plagued by nightmares. It's not easy for me to admit to what I consider a weakness in myself, since I should be above such sentimental traps, but they still occur.”
The trip was short but uncomfortable. John had the feeling that Mycroft knew something was up, but hadn't put it all together yet. When they arrived at Bart's, John made a point to look down and make his way quickly inside. Even with Sherlock right next to him, the vision of him falling from the roof still haunted him.
Given permission, he pulled out almost fully before plunging back in, causing Lio to gasp. He did this a few times, then increased the pace. Lio leaned up and kissed him, and dragged her nails down his back to his arse and back up. Sergei groaned into her mouth, and shifted them so she was sitting in his lap as he jerked his hips up. He had one hand on her back to steady her and the other played with her nipples and breasts. She kissed down his jaw, down to his neck and sucked at his pulse points.
Sherlock shrugged. “I did the shopping while you were out and picked up the ingredients. It's easy enough to make.”
“I get the feeling this is more like a penthouse suite rather than a typical room. I’m picturing the bed with a canopy.”
He placed a file on the table. “That is everything I have. I'm trusting you to release only necessary information.”
of pleasure went right to his cock, making it harden slightly. He slid his finger out, blowing out a heavy breath. He relaxed again against the tub to get himself under control.
“Do calm down, John. For one thing, I don't threaten. For another, you know as well as I do that if this doesn't work, it will destroy you. Both of you.”
As Sherlock concluded his business, John was searching “hobo symbols” on his phone, and sure enough, the three diagonal lines meant “dangerous place, stay away.”
Sherlock felt the blood drain from his face and his stomach do a strange little flip. Not knowing what else to do but follow his instincts, he slid off the couch and knelt next to John's chair and grabbed his hand. John's gaze jerked down in surprise, then back up to Sherlock's pained face.
John placed his hand on Sherlock's knee while keeping eye contact. “Sherlock. You don't have to 'repay' me. My friendship, loyalty, love, whatever you want to call it, is given freely. I don't need anything in return. Except possibly a separate fridge for body parts, but other than that, you have me. I will always be here.”
They entered and observed the body in the living room of the home, sprawled on the couch. There was no obvious blood or wounds on the body, a well-dressed man in his late forties. Sherlock got to work as Lestrade went over the details.
