Well so it begins then.
"Extrodinairy''.
I take a quick glance down my own body and look up to Sherlock with a grin on my face.
Was he really gone that long? '' I- I'm sorry, mom'' He looked at his side, to his little sister looking at him with concern '' I am sorry, Harry'' He let's out a sigh ''I didn't mean to worry any of you, that was never my intention'' John says, trying to sound sincere.
"HOLMES!"
Hey guys! here is a second chapter, it is a bit dark to.
"Not much really. I have got a little apartment just outside off London. Haven't really done much since Afghan. I am still trying to get back on my feet.''
He took a seat in the back, in one of the empty tables, next to a somewhat chubby boy with brown hair and glasses.
"Ehm,'' John said ''Is this professor Brook's class?''
John cleared his throath '' You know, that night in the woods'' John paused a bit '' has been the most thunderingly thrilling night of my entire woebegone life. When I saw you in the woods it changed everything''
John rolled his blue suitcase into the room, everything he owned condensed into a bag and a cardboard box. That was all that is left since, that night. With a sigh he places the cardboard box on his bed and places the suitcase just by the door. John surveyed his surroundings. It was nothing special, four walls, painted with a blue colour, John couldn't make the name out of, closing in on him, wich made him feel trapt once more. He hoped moving to this new town, with his mother and Harry would change everything.
"Uhm..." He clares his throath '' ofcourse... ofcourse I was worried Sherlock, you took of like a maniac!''
Pov John
"Then go find another seat!'' Sherlock returned before focussing back on his experiment.
As we ran under the desert sun I can see the millitairy base appearing from the distant. As I look next to me I see the extrodinairy man who survived a bullet wound like it had just been a scratch! And I can't help but wonder if after this all our paths will cross again. Because I have to say I am rather in the unkown about this man.
"Yup''.
"I've been screaming my tits off for the past 10 minutes and you just sit there like a bag of potatoes doing god knows what!'' he exlaims.
As I sit down after a long boring walk I close my eyes, taking in a deep breath. When I open my eyes there are still the same old boring streets like always and I sigh.
"The name is Sherlock Holmes''
John closed the door behind him, walking to the back of the class, ignoring all the eyes that were upon him. He felt like an outsider, he knew he didn't belong here, he probably was the poorest of them all! How was he ever going to make a friend here?
Hey guys :) for people who were following this story I stop it and write it all over again because I did not like where it was going. So if you guys are interested, the new story is up, same name, same theme
"I know where the house is'' John says, guessing her thoughts '' I won't get lost, I promise''
John followed the sound wich let to an open place in the forest. He hid himself behind some bushes. All was silent now. The sound had disrupted the other denizens of the night, and had made the woods cautious, as if they were holding their breath. He made his way closer slowly, crouching slightly in order to conceal himself in the underbrush. He peeked his head above the undergrowth and saw the source of the screams. A deer, but the one thing wich drew his attention even more, was the boy sitting above the deer, It looked like he was, biting it? He made his way even closer and could see the boy more clearly now. The boy, who was probably around John's age going by his looks, was sitting on the ground with the neck of the animal planted in his cupid lipped mouth. What was he? Why did he do that? John's eyes scanned the boy even more and he could now notice the raven curled hair and the high cheekboned face and John could feel a flustering feeling in his stomach. He was enchanted by this boy, he wanted to see more of him so he placed his hand even further wich made some of the leaves, under his touch crack.
''Okay, let's start from the beginning then''.
"I do Like-''
''Take a seat, we are at page 34'' He said gesturing to the class ''make sure to take over some of the other student's notes''
As Sherlock feels the first drop of water hitting his head he curses deep with in himself. He dries it of as quickly as he can because once the water has hit him, he has 1 minute before he transforms into the merman, unless he dries it off. Once he dried it off he quickly ducks under the little roof sticking out in the allyway above the body and tries to hug the wall so he won't be hit by the rain.
Sherlock huffs at this but can't help but feel quit flattered and happy.
"no'' Sherlock said in his deep voice.
"PANG"
" An 8 you say?'' sherlock asks but tries to sound as bored as possible. Normally he would love these cases and would be out on his feet as soon as possible. But he can not do it right now... or can he? What could go wrong? By the look of Lestrade's feet he can see dry dust, so not any where near water and it is a clear and sunny day. Maybe, just maybe he could give it a try. It is better than sulking about John all day.
We need to talk about your incedent in the woods, Sherlock -MH
He could see the fair haired boy coming closer, not looking at John.
"Those things could kill you, you know?'' John says as he is still taken aback by Sherlock's beauty. It was after their fit of giggles that they decided to get some fresh air, clearly not as fresh it would seem.
"SHH'' he bends down and quickly covers my mouth with his literally bloody hands!
Sherlock was breathing ashes. The very air felt singed and reeked of burning; the raw, brutal stench of bombing, the irritation caused by the powdered rubble of disintegrating masonry was nothing compared to the thick, cold smoke of continuing fire. The base camp was by now a towering inferno and, despite the heavy units and all the soldiers, soon there would be nothing left to save; the rapidly spreading flames were winning the unequal battle. He picked up his gun and went running away from the spreading fires. Shooting the enemies that came across his path. He'd been so wrapped up in his task that he'd not paid attention to the other soldiers and found out soon that he was almost the only one left. He tried to think of an escape plan when suddenly a face popped up in his mind. John. Sherlock did what he tought was right and tried to sneak to John's tent without getting shot or bombed. Once he got there, there was nothing left. everything was destroyed in the rage of fire.
John asks the physician to give them some time alone with Rosie.
I'm asking you to suspend your disbelief that the woefully-underfunded NHS has superfluous equipment lying around. I needed a cute story, and Sherlock wanted more lab toys. :)
Sherlock is almost ready to retire his violin when he feels a pair of arms around his waist and the soapy citrus scent of John’s freshly-washed hair behind him. “Mmmmmm, I was getting lonely,” he smiles as he lays his violin down to find John’s hands clasped around his waist. He leans back into John’s embrace and stays that way, gently swaying side to side in the arms of this man who has endured so much and chooses to make Sherlock’s heart his home.
After the funeral and visitors and food and having to retell the story several times, they are alone again in the flat. They have wept all the tears they can weep for now. They have felt every emotion imaginable: sorrow, anger, fear, relief, exhaustion, and several more neither can articulate, emotions so tucked into their marrow they cannot be named.
25 December 11.48am
I knew this would happen. I knew it was coming. She is going to die, Sherlock, and it is going to be soon. And I don’t know what the hell to do about it or how to feel.”
They awaken the next morning, a tangle of naked limbs and mussed hair and sour breath. It couldn’t have been past seven the prior evening when they’d made love and Sherlock had held John as he wept for the trainwreck of the past eight – no, forty – years of his life. Sherlock had wrapped his lanky limbs around John and held him until no more tears came, and then held him some more, just the two of them silent; no words had been spoken. No words had been necessary. At some point – neither is sure exactly when – Sherlock had gently undressed John down to his pants and tucked him into bed before climbing into bed himself, not bothering to dress. He had wrapped his arm around John’s waist and tucked the top of John’s head under his chin, and pressed the length of his body against John, and it was thus that they fell asleep.
They have no one to turn to. No seer to guide them, there is no map marking the path they must take, and without words, each knows what is going to happen,
“What I want you to know right now, Sherlock, is that I love you more than I love my own life. You make me want to be a better man. You are the only being in the universe that completes me, like the other half of my soul that I didn’t even know I had until there was you. I want to protect
“John,
Thirty-seven minutes after leaving Rosie’s bedside, John stumbles into the flat he once shared with the woman whose lifeless body is set to be cremated at some point. He’ll get a copy of her death certificate for the legalities that will have to be addressed but they won’t return her ashes; John doesn’t want them.
. - JWH
- Pablo Neruda
They both make a quarter turn and reenter the flat, made significantly easier by the fact that John hadn’t bothered to close the front door. Sherlock first, John following, back inside.
John leans down to lick at my neck and then down my chest to where he finds a nipple. The sensation of John Watson’s penis inside me and his tongue sucking my nipple causes my back to arch in ecstasy and my cock to leak in anticipation.
Neither man being religious, they had used Sherlock’s London connections and owed favours to find a celebrant; in the end they had chosen Victoria, a Jewish woman whom Sherlock had assisted solve a case years prior. There had been a series of unsolved assaults on transgender people in London at that time, and this woman was one of the survivors whom he had interviewed in order to track down the assailant. During the course of that interview Sherlock had discovered that – as part the woman’s own devotion to her faith – she officiated same-sex wedding ceremonies free of charge for any couple in need. John and Sherlock had insisted on paying her somehow for officiating, but she refused and instead asked him to do something kind for someone else later on. The husbands have agreed to pay it forward, but they’ve also chosen to include the
Sherlock’s eyes are wide and dark with wonder, arousal, and they glint with just a twinge of naughty.
John cocked his head as Sherlock moved to slice the cake, turning it round and round as though searching the perfect spot at which to cut. Leave it to Sherlock to turn slicing a bloody cake into a problem in need of deep analysis.
“Have I told you today that I love you, John?” he asks when we pull apart.
“Starting,” my husband smirks, “right now.” He turns to lie face-up on the bed and wraps his arms around my neck to pull me down on top of him into a deep, soul-dizzying kiss. Oh, his lips are warm and sweet, and I cannot think about anything else. He moans and tells me how gorgeous I am, and I don’t know what to think about that. No one but John has ever told me that, and now, he is the only one I ever want to hear speaking. He kisses me over and over, his mouth over mine, his mouth inside mine, his tongue exploring my mouth and teeth and jaw, and my insides are on fire. I stretch myself over top of him and I can rapidly feel myself harden in my trousers. We have made love many times in recent months, but he has never been inside me, and….and I want him so desperately. I can feel his cock hardening against mine, and I say the only thing I know to say.
As we enter the reception hall, the well-wishers are almost too thick around us and we almost aren’t able to get in. At the end of the line of people, stood silently by the drinks table, my past greets me. “James.” I swallow the lump in my throat and look away for a moment.
But John knows. Sherlock knows.
He inches his way closer, not wanting to spoil the moment for Sherlock nor for Rosie, whose heart rate and pulse oximetry are beautifully normal. He stands just behind Sherlock, who, John realizes, is singing her a French lullaby. John’s heart drops to his feet at the rich baritone that’s just loud enough to make it through the isolette walls, even though they both know Rosie can’t hear.
“John, this is a matter of precision. I require your cooperation and patience.”
Sherlock grudgingly agrees, since the day has now stretched into evening and he has yet to nibble at anything. John orders Thai takeaway and they eat (well, John eats and Sherlock picks at his) side by side on the sofa. Neither says much; they need no words.
“And life is like a song.
“Oh, and don’t worry about how to get it home. Yours truly brought a reusable shopping tote for part of it, and Molly said she’d see to it that the rest gets to Baker Street if we can’t fit it all.”
Sherlock braces for John's response.
“Just that this last day and a half has been a beast and I’m knackered. Probably best if I go home for a bit. Do call me if Rosie needs anything, though.”
He turns to see John Watson beside him at the bench, smiling but smiling through tears. He takes both of Sherlock’s hands in his and begins to speak, his voice barely above a whisper.
Greg gives the best man speech, something about how it was about time us two bastards figured it out and how the whole of Scotland Yard owes him twenty quid apiece because he always knew we’d end up together. He toasts us and wishes us all the best, which is nice. Greg’s a good bloke. We have a light lunch, and thank God there isn’t a big group of people standing around mingling. Neither of us much likes small talk, and we aren’t big partiers.
He cries, but only on particularly bad days. Mostly he is emotionally spent, walking a fine balance between joy that he and have Sherlock have discovered how much each means to the other and the
- Elton John, “
*************
Morning sexy times. Well-deserved happiness. :)
Sherlock gets an immediate eyeful of naked, luscious husband sprawled on their sofa.
6 January 2015, 22.28
May 2, 2015  11.32
, John thinks.
Within thirty seconds John hears bedsheets rustling and Sherlock’s exquisitely large feet hit the hardwood bedroom floor. It occurs to John in that moment that the old wives’ tale about foot size is verifiably true in Sherlock’s case. The door flies open and Sherlock barges into the sitting room……
When Sherlock and I first became lovers, I had to tell him about Sholto. I think he suspected something, based on what he had learned at my wedding to Mary. I was trying to make the effort to be completely open with him about my past – about my combat nightmares, about my past boyfriends and girlfriends, about my family – about everything. So I had to tell him about Sholto. There wasn’t a whole lot to tell, since we were only together for a while in Afghanistan, before I got shipped home and we lost touch. But I didn’t hold anything back from Sherlock. He knew about the letters, about the sex, about how Sholto had held me all night one night as I wept when I’d seen one too many youth bleeding out in the hills of Helmand.
I’ve known that I love you for a very long time. I’ve told you this before, and I hope know you know just how true it is.
“Family and friends, today we celebrate finding love. It is my great honour to preside over the wedding of Mister Holmes and Doctor Watson, as I am certain it is your great honour to witness it,” intones Victoria.
08.35
In this fic, Rosie Watson was the catalyst that brought her dads together. So while it seems like John and Sherlock are the two main characters, the entire story is named after her.
He had to get Sherlock out.
John realized that he was staring at Sherlock’s lips. The other boy’s expression had become guarded, and again John wondered if Sherlock thought about their night in the club. He wanted to say something, but wasn’t sure how to even approach the subject now.
Sherlock blinked blearily at the sky. The sun’s light was piercing and sharp through the branches of the oak over his head, and his skull began to throb. He could hear the wind through the branches, warm and gentle, and the smell of grass permeated his nose.
Suddenly John was exhausted, and not just with their conversation. He was exhausted with the whole song and dance between them; exhausted with Sherlock’s hot and cold ways; exhausted with not knowing where he stood with Sherlock.  “It’s not pity. God, Sherlock, do you have to make this so....”  He didn’t know how to finish the sentence.  “Look, something happened after the game on Friday, and I don’t really understand it and I thought, I don’t know, we could talk about it?”
Sherlock nodded and grabbed blindly for his phone. “What’s the name of the store?”
Sherlock knew his body was responding. This was a chemical reaction, he thought madly, neuroreceptors responding to external stimuli.
Every time John was successful in drawing Sherlock out of his own private musings and into a conversation, Sherlock seemed vaguely befuddled by John’s attention. John found this utterly charming.
John took a deep breath and made himself go on. “And I’d like it if you came.”
They were too far away from each other to make eye contact, but John knew that those strange pale eyes were pointed directly at him.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but didn’t deign to answer.  Instead he wrote his estimation for the bird’s wingspan.
“Tomorrow morning,” Sherlock mutters, his voice soft with approaching sleep. “And when we get back to Baker Street as well. And the day after and after that.”
… With that thought, John forces himself to pull back and Sherlock whines at the sudden space between them. His eyes have been shut and he opens them now. They are glassy and unfocused. His lips are swollen and he has love bites on his neck. He looks wrecked
Startled out of his melancholic daydreams, John found that a stranger was standing in front of him. The other boy had a round, pleasant face, and his eyes crinkled when he smiled.
As turned on as he was, John couldn’t help but giggle. Stormy pale eyes met his own in a glare.
Sometimes, almost always late at night and usually after a day in which there had been a bad injury, when he couldn’t turn his mind off for sleep, John would let his old hurt loose. He knew he’d feel better with the dawn, like he always did, but in the dark he could allow himself a few hours of feeling the old pain spread through his chest. He’d stay awake all night, staring at the stars and wondering if he hated the wizarding world. He could remember when, as a child, magic had been something special, something awe-inspiring and
Molly pulled out her backpack and began to dig for her appointment book. “That would work for me. I think it closes at eight thirty. Sometimes I’m the last one in there … well, except for Sherlock, I suppose.”
As a child, before the letter from Hogwarts arrived, John had laid in his bed at night and felt the magic throbbing with his heartbeat. He'd look at his hands and be shocked that he couldn't see the power dripping from his fingers, so great was the sensation of being utterly and completely swathed in magic
The practice wasn’t easy by any means - within the first fifteen minutes, they were running wind sprints across the pitch - but Greg was always in front, leading the way. He encouraged the slower boys without being patronizing, and he inspired everyone to try harder, work faster, and be better. Soon John felt right at home with his new team.
Sherlock’s arms are still over his head, bracing his body against John’s thrusts, but now he reaches one arm down and takes himself in hand. His arm movements are frantic and his eyes bore into John’s. Short gasps explode from his mouth and John can see that he’s trying to form his name, but the ability to speak has escaped him. His head flies back, hair still caught in John’s fingers, and John imagines it hurts, but Sherlock doesn’t seem to notice. He comes suddenly and violently, semen streaking his abdomen and chest in three pulses. His entire body is barely-contained energy, shaking in bliss, and he clenches tightly around John.
Sherlock made a huffing noise, halfway between annoyance and amusement, and he gently nudged John’s notebook to the side to reveal the piece of technology. He handed it to John with a smirk, and for the briefest moment, his index finger trailed across John’s palm when he handed it over.
Trying to get a better look at what Sherlock was doing, John said absent-mindedly, “The Met were blocking traffic. There was a robbery at the jewelry store across from my stop.”
John kicked Sherlock’s left foot, forcing him to widen his stance so that their heights were more even matched. Sherlock’s eyes flew open and he started at John with a shocked expression on his face.  Grinning, John crowded into his space, resting his right forearm against the wall next to Sherlock’s head.
From anyone else, it would have been a boast. Granted, John thought, it was a boast for Sherlock. But it was also true. Those pale eyes saw everything.
Sherlock keened, his hips stuttering erratically, and he came messily on John’s hand and his own pants. Licking the love bite he had just made, John moaned and took in a deep breath of air. The air in the small supply room was stale and still smelled like cleaning supplies, but now it also smelled a little like sweat and sex and Sherlock.
If he was being honest with himself, every practice the entire week had been terrible. He knew his head wasn’t in the game - even friendly Greg had shouted at him twice this day alone - but he couldn’t bring himself to shake his ennui.
It doesn’t matter, John thinks. And he realizes it really,
John shook his head, feeling more than a little shell-shocked. “Wow,” he finally managed to say. “Molly told me you did this, but seeing it - wow.”
John had never thought himself handsome, but he knew he wasn’t bad-looking either. Sure, he was a little on the short side, but despite that - or more likely because of that, he reasoned - he had learned how to project a confidence that he didn’t always feel. He knew people listened when he talked, turned towards him when he joined a group, and he had never had to struggle to find a date. He thought he had a nice enough face, and more than one girl had commented on the deep blue of his eyes. A summer on the pitch before the big move had left him dark with a tan and leanly muscled.
Sherlock blinked.  Had he had a
Sherlock stared. He had been sure John was injured, possible irrevocably, and the man had simply
“I was co-captain,” John said. His mind unhelpfully conjured an image of himself with James, behind the supply shed after one of their preseason scrimmages. To disperse the unwanted twinge of pain that accompanied the memory, John dumped water from his bottle over his head.
John swallowed, suddenly overwhelmed. “Yes,” he said, hoping his voice was more steady than it sounded in his own head.
“That it is,” Mike said, nodding wisely.  He gestured with his thumb.  “Well, here we go. Biology class. Come on.”
“Sorry,” he says, and John’s heart aches as Sherlock curls into himself. “They must have assumed.  Again. I should have caught it.”  He recovers quickly and turns to smile at John, his expression sculpted into light-hearted amusement. Look at what those idiots did, the expression says. Assuming we’re a couple. How ridiculous.
“Dizzy?” he asks.
His internal clock was broken.
Under his breath, John curses the stubbornness of mad detectives.
He usually left the campus through the main entrance, which was closer to his bus stop, but at the last minute, he decided to go out the side exit near the gymnasium. This route would take him past Sherlock’s favorite place to smoke. John knew this made him a glutton for self-punishment, but he couldn’t stop himself.
The kettle behind him began to whistle and John, who had forgotten for a moment its very existence, jumped.
When Mum and he had moved, John hadn’t left a best friend behind. He’d never had one. James had come the closest. But that relationship, whatever it was, painful and wonderful at the same time, had been cut short by John’s move to London. They had never gotten a chance to know what they could have become.
John considers how to best explain his methods. He wants to point out the practical utilization of such a discovery, explain that it’s hardly something tawdry - rather it is something remarkable he’s discovered that can calm Sherlock’s raging mind and body.
Nothing could have prepared John for those eyes. The strobe lights undoubtedly confused the situation, but John could tell that the other boy’s eyes were undefinable. Pale and ethereal, they seemed to contain bits of blue and green and grey, and they peered into John so deeply that he could swear he felt their intensity like an electric shock.
“John,” he says softly, and John’s fingers clench deep into Sherlock’s pale skin. “
Bradstreet’s face turned red. “Mr. Holmes, if you’d rather play on your phone than attend class...”
John rolled his eyes and dropped his tray across from Mike. "Greg, why don't you join us?" he asked loudly. Molly broke off from her conversation with Mike and looked at John with a puzzled expression. Then she saw Greg and her dimples appeared
The hospital is an unmitigated disaster.
Sherlock frowns at the hand on his shoulder, and then his gaze blearily tracks the hand to the arm and then up to Lestrade’s face, stopping his perusal so that he can peer drunkenly into Lestrade’s eyes.
The sensation was exquisite. John felt his back arch off the bed. “Sherlock,” he managed to choke out, “I want this to last but if you keep doing that-” He gasped, words catching in his throat as Sherlock’s large hand moved up and down.
It was like standing in the narrow space between two buildings on a windy day. It was like jumping into a fast moving river, finding the current and shooting along with it. It was like flying on a broom with no hands.
"Did you two have a fight?" Greg finally asked, his voice cautious.
Sherlock’s eyes darted from his textbook to John, flickering up and down before he nodded decisively. He returned his study to the book. “Imperial or King's? Or UCL?” he asked without making eye contact.
“Gotcha!” Moriarity was saying, voice high and mad.
John felt an intense swell of affection grow in his chest. He liked his new friends - he liked them a lot.
Both men stared at the table before them.
Flipping through his newspaper, John ignored his flatmate.  It was a rainy weekend morning, and John was planning to have a lazy day. He had a hot cuppa at his elbow and the entire Daily Prophet to enjoy.
They don’t talk about John’s new tendency to touch, but Sherlock has clearly noticed it. John frequently senses that he’s been watched, but whenever he looks up, he finds Sherlock with his nose buried in a book or his gaze locked to his microscope’s eyepiece. In his peripheral vision, John can see Sherlock watching him, a pensive frown on his face.
The only warning was a sharp crack below his feet. And then he was in freefall, branches reaching out to slap his face, something heavy colliding with his hip and twisting his body, somersaulting him around like a shuttlecock. The ground flew up to meet his face and everything went away.
John stood up so suddenly that both Greg and Molly jumped. John couldn't bring himself to look at either of them.
It took him a few minutes to realize he was alone.
John swallows past the dryness in his throat. “Sherlock,” he whispers.
“I’ve had a breakthrough,” Sherlock said, and despite his injuries, he managed to look down his nose at John. “I think the Armenian mafia is involved in the jewelry store heists.”
John grins against Sherlock’s exposed throat. This is going to be good, he thinks.
Sherlock did not look up at John as he adjusted their equipment with quick, smooth movements.
That part was a little embarrassing, Sherlock admitted to himself, but he supposed Lestrade was allowed to be tetchy. After all, it was from the constable’s care that Sherlock had so easily escaped. In a gesture of great cordiality, Sherlock presented Lestrade with his own handcuffs and offered to return with him to the station for booking. As Sherlock had solved the case and wanted to continue working with the police, this seemed like the polite thing to do.
Oh, yeah. He could definitely play this game.
John set down his glass of butterbeer with more force than necessary and goggled. “And do what? Get my hide burnt off by dragons?”
Most of their mixed emissions had landed on their hands, but some of the mess was on John’s shirts and pants. John glanced at Sherlock and was both amused and irritated to see that somehow the other boy had avoided the worst of it.  After carefully pulling on his school jacket, Sherlock combed his fingers through his curls and became the picture of academic innocence. The only sign of their activities on Sherlock was the pink color high on his cheeks.
No one liked it when he told them the truth.
As he lies in bed that night, John ponders why he’s so affected by Sherlock’s proximity. Maybe he’s just reacting to the closeness of another human body, not Sherlock himself. He’s not had a date for … six months, he realizes with a start. He spends a few minutes trying to feel sorry for himself, but it just doesn’t stick. He doesn't miss dating, he realizes. He misses
Sherlock lets out a gusty sigh and melts under John’s touch.
Sherlock looked at him, and in the moment that their eyes met, John could swear he saw a flicker of some deep emotion.
that Victor was handsome, but objectively he saw that Victor’s chin was strong, his lips were plush, and his auburn hair was full and wavy. Victor was as tall as Sherlock, but he weighed probably a stone more, and he carried his lean muscle with a grace that Sherlock, who remained coltish, had not yet mastered.
There was an uncomfortable stretch. A burning. It didn’t hurt exactly.
The next morning, Sherlock woke suddenly, as he always did. One moment there was nothingness, and then he was staring at his ceiling, aware of a deep ache in his arse and the scratch of what he suspected was burn from stubble on his cheek.
Smiling down at his own hands, John dared to lean towards Sherlock - just a little - and gently knock their shoulders together. "That's cool," he said. "You should be a detective."
Huffing with laughter, John strokes Sherlock’s cheek. The taller man’s eyes flutter close, and he leans into the touch. “Of course you did, you mad git,” John says and he gives Sherlock a quick peck on his lips to make sure Sherlock knows he’s not laughing at him.
Sherlock declares the entire enterprise a waste of time and makes sure that John, the nurse who wheels him to the exit, the cabbie who drives them home, and Mrs. Hudson are all made aware of his opinion. Loudly. And with colorful vernacular.
John laughed and scratched the back of his neck. “Well, you’re right, of course. On all accounts. I can hardly get upset about that, can I?”
“Do you like rugby?” he asked, angling his body towards her.
Another dancer, there one moment and gone the next, hip checked John, who stumbled two steps forward, colliding with the dancing boy. Because of their differing heights, John’s forehead bumped into a pointy chin.
“Sherlock? Mate? You alright?”
The other boy’s expression didn’t change, and his eyes didn’t lose any of their intensity, but one corner of his lips - oh, no, he hadn’t colored them, John thought, they were naturally this rosy - twitched.
wrong with it. John could flirt with a pretty girl - it wasn’t like he and Sherlock had an understanding.
It was Sherlock.
A square bit of plastic was pressed against John’s chest.
Sherlock’s headache fades by day four, just in time for a private client to bring them a case. It’s only a four or a five, but John suspects Sherlock is not quite feeling one hundred percent, and he takes the case with surprisingly little complaint. The client works at the Natural History Museum and the problem is a missing artifact, which Sherlock suspects never left the museum. John thinks Sherlock should still be resting at home, but he recognizes a pipe dream when he sees one, so he decides to be grateful that the case at least keeps them off the streets of London.
Sherlock felt his lips begin to tingle, and his peripheral vision turned to grey. His mind whirled , trying to remember when he had last eaten. When had the case started? Three - no, it was four days ago now. The call from Lestrade had come in the morning, so it was closer to five days. Yes, Lestrade had shoved some tea into his hands yesterday, but the two teaspoons of sugar could barely count for more than 30 calories ….
his chair had fallen victim to a transfiguration spell.
“Hey!”
“Don’t be offended. Nearly everyone is.”
Touched, and more than a little startled by his sister’s savage affection, John took a deep breath. He snagged his half empty beer bottle and chugged the rest of it. The alcohol hit his stomach, and he felt the chemicals explode through his chest and down his arms and legs. Maybe on any other given day he was average. But tonight, in this dark club, he could be whatever he wanted to be.
“Are we allowed to be here?” John asked, looking around nervously.
When he pulled back and opened his eyes, he found that Sherlock was watching him intently. His pale eyes were locked off again, his face still and serene, and John despaired. It seemed that Sherlock had retreated behind his wall and John, lost in his sentimental musings, hadn’t even seen the moment it happened.
John feels overwhelmed by this intimacy. For as often as Sherlock invades John’s personal space - demanding that the doctor pluck his mobile phone from his own trouser pockets, or molding John’s body when he needs to visualize the placement of a corpse - he cannot think of a time when he’s touched Sherlock so freely. Sherlock’s unusual capitulation mystifies him. When has Sherlock ever actually listened to John before?
“I don’t
“Yeah,” Mike said cautiously.  He chewed his meatloaf slowly, studying John’s face.
Kind hands, familiar hands, were on his face, flying across his cheeks, checking the bones of his skull, and then checking cervical vertebrae, clavicles, and resting on his upper arms.
“Yeah,” John said, feeling his shoulders inch up in defense.
“You’re beautiful,” John says because it’s true, and he watches with fascination as a blush stains Sherlock’s cheeks and spreads down his chest. John reaches out and traces the reddened skin. Sherlock sighs.
I don’t desire you despite those things, Sherlock.” He ducks his head so that Sherlock is forced to meet his eyes. “Yes, you can be arrogant and sometimes you are a bit of an arse. But you are also amazing and a genius and you care so much - no, don’t argue with me. I may not be a genius, but I can see that, Sherlock.  I am feeling very fortunate that you want
Settling back in his chair, John scooped up The Daily Prophet and tried to focus on the first page. Through the newspaper, he could feel Sherlock’s regard, and he shifted uncomfortably. Even the moving photograph of the ministry official on the front page seemed distressed - in the black and white square, the image of the man kept turning to look nervously over his shoulder.
They snogged for several long minutes, and slowly John became aware of the music. It had faded into the background during the sex, but now the heavy bass was making itself known in John’s chest. The cleaning product smell began to tickle his sinuses. It felt like the real world, pressed aside for so long, was re-establishing its influence.
Then there was a pop and the potion began to boil again, but with greater intensity. Yellow smoke billowed upwards.  Sherlock froze for a heartbeat and then frowned, looking more insulted than worried. “This should be working,” he said, his voice sulky.
Presented with a clear view of Sherlock’s trouser-covered backside just inches from his own legs, John felt like all of the blood in his body had been rerouted to his face and his groin.  He didn’t remember anything else Bradstreet said for the rest of the class. He couldn’t look at Sherlock for the rest of the class, and when the lecture ended, he almost tripped over his own feet fleeing the classroom.
John decides it’s time to test his new super power.
John hissed in frustration. “Shit!” He jogged down the hallway and burst through the door, remerging into a world of music and moving bodies and heat. This assaulted his senses like a physical force, and the strobe lights exploded against his retinas.
“Okay, genius,” John said. “Tell me why.”
The following Monday, John dumped his backpack on the table next to Sherlock and sat down cautiously.  For a second weekend in a row, he had spent most of his waking hours worrying about Sherlock Holmes.
A smile broke across John’s face.
“What?” John asked, trying to keep the smile from his face. “Were you saving this seat for someone else?” As far as John could tell, no one dared to sit beside Sherlock Holmes.
John could not have looked away from those grey-blue eyes even if he had wished.
Molly dropped her giant pink backpack on an open table and then turned to look between Mike and John.  “Maybe he’ll let us work as a group of three...”
Victor, who had always been so gentle with his touches, was suddenly everywhere, invading Sherlock’s space, his skin, his breath. Bare hands tickled Sherlock’s ribs, and a damp mouth was dragging across his neck. Victor was groaning and murmuring softly, and Sherlock could only hear a third of the things he said.
Sherlock grumbled under his breath, and John couldn’t hear all that he said, but the gist seemed to be that Harry Potter was a ridiculous show-off.
But then his partner raised a single eyebrow, a dare in his eyes, and he motioned with a thrust of his chin. John didn’t know what he was being asked, but he knew he’d agree to just about anything, just to stay at the boy’s side for a few minutes longer. He nodded, and the other boy reached a long finger around one of John’s belt loops and tugged. He began to snake through the crowd, sliding through the press of bodies, and John trailed behind.
After John had joined him as a lover, there had been even fewer trips to the A&E. Sherlock still frequently found himself in over his head while on the job - having acquired a boyfriend could not change who he inherently was. But with the knowledge that a night spent chasing murderers and thieves would end in a warm bed and John’s arms, well … throwing his life around in such a cavalier manner just didn’t seem worth it anymore.
Harry had arrived in London for uni a year before John. That had been before their dad had left, choosing the whiskey bottle over his family. It was before John and Mum had their “new start,” as Mum called it - and to hear Harry talk about her journey, she had fit into London like she had been born here.  Harry was a braggart, John knew that about her, but it was still nice to get confirmation that he wasn’t the only Watson who felt overwhelmed in the sprawling city.
Sherlock arched his body, his hips rolling laconically against John’s, and John had to bite back a groan.
The tall boy spun on his heel and strode away. John was left wondering if the emotion he had seen was real, and wondering what had caused it, but also knowing - with a sinking heart - that it had been him.
Sherlock would usually enter the scene first, all manic energy and quick spells, and John would hang back, sometimes speaking with the Aurors, sometimes not. But when it came time for Sherlock to cast a more difficult spell, John would move to join him.
“Just because you have magic,” John said carefully, “doesn’t mean everything has to be done with it.”
“You have no idea how long I’ve wanted this,” Victor told him before he surged forward, covering Sherlock’s body with his own.
Slowly, Sherlock’s lips begin to curl, and then he’s smiling at John with the big goofy grin that John loves so much.  He loves that it makes Sherlock look a little silly and much younger. He loves how Sherlock’s eyes crinkle when he smiles like this. He loves how Sherlock draws in his chin and his nose scrunches.
It’s like flipping a switch. Sherlock falls silent immediately and his shoulders droop. The fervor just below his skin evaporates like mist exposed to the sun. Peering down, John watches Sherlock’s eyes slide shut. His lips remain parted and he’s breathing gently through his nose. His chest rises and falls, but the rest of his body is still and peaceful.
At some point, the processor that was Sherlock’s brain simply could not keep up with the input. He didn’t think he passed out, but he knew he was not
Sherlock was definitely
But his little brother, the odd child who had managed to alienate family members and strangers (including unfortunate librarians) alike, was gravely injured. This was his fierce little brother who tried so hard to hide from Mycroft that he thought the sun rose and set from Mycroft’s own hands. And Mycroft was, no matter his carefully assembled presentation of gravitas, still little more than a boy himself. And he was scared.
White teeth flashed in the dim light, and the boy spoke for the first time. “Probably not.”  His voice was deeper than John would have imagined, and John felt his mouth go dry with lust.
“Okay,” John says softly, sweeping his fingers across Sherlock’s forehead. “You’re okay.”
Sherlock’s grey-green eyes flicker across John’s face, a smile playing at his lips. He is still, as he so rarely is, and he studies John. His lips shape John’s name, but the whisper is too soft for John to hear. John can’t stop himself from reaching out with one hand to run his index finger across Sherlock’s full lower lip. Sherlock’s pink tongue emerges to lick at the pad of his finger, and John groans as he slowly presses his hips forward.
“Are we interrupting?” the DI asks. John sees a small crowd of Yarders in the hallway beyond Lestrade.
Three deep breaths.
“You’re younger than me, but older than Harry Potter. I would have seen you.”
John’s eyes drifted towards the corner of the room. Amongst the chaos of the lab, there was a bubble of quiet. Sherlock Holmes sat alone at his table. He was playing with his mobile, not even pretending to search for a lab partner. He seemed entirely uninterested in the process around him, but John thought he could see tightness in the other boy’s shoulders.
When it’s over, John falls into bed with a heavy heart. Sleep seems impossible, but he’s only human and when he wakes, fourteen hours have passed.
After dinner, Harry offered to do the dishes and badgered John until he agreed to help. For a few minutes, they worked quietly in tandem. Harry washed and he dried, his mind a million miles away.
“John, this is Sarah Sawyer.” Molly weaved her arm under the other girl’s. “She’s planning to apply to med school as well.”
“Mm,” Sherlock said, somehow conveying with that small noise that he begged to differ.
Then why, John wondered, did it not feel right?
In the back corner of the room, sitting alone at a table, was Sherlock. He looked like the boy from the previous night, but he also looked entirely different.
John swallowed roughly and moved back another step. “Don’t? Don’t what?” He tried to meet Sherlock’s gaze, but the other boy was looking away, and John could feel him retreating even though their bodies remained close.
John’s discovery has unintended consequences.
“What’s going on?” Molly asked one of the other students. John thought her name was Sally.
Sherlock was a good ten feet off the ground, perched carefully between two sturdy branches of the oak tree. He carefully drew out his leather journal and then released the bindings that held the pages shut. He found a blank page without ever looking away from the raptor. In crisp and clean letters, he carefully noted the date and time, the weather conditions, and details he observed about the surrounding habitat.
Molly rested her chin on her fist and looked up at John, her eyes contemplative. “You were looking at him the first day of classes. Do you two know each other?”
The realization sent a throb straight to John’s groin, and all thoughts of making it to class on time disappeared. He felt himself getting hard, and with their bodies pressed together so tightly, he knew that Sherlock could feel his reaction. He swallowed past a suddenly dry throat.
John frowns. “Yeah, no. You need to stay still. Even if there’s no skull fracture, that was a hard hit and I’m sure you have nasty concussion.”
“Oh, God,” John said, dropping his head into his hands.
“John,” he said. “Did you see what we did?” His voice trembled with excitement. “You fed me your magic. Do you know how rare that is? There have probably been no more than five wizards in the history of the world that could do something like that. You are a
Sherlock’s eyes immediately narrowed.
Appendicitis, however, felt like a waste of an ambulance trip.
“Dining hall’s that way. Secondary school is over there - not much reason for you to go that way.” They went up some stairs. “I heard you wanted to go to medical school, right? Me too. We’ll be in plenty of classes together.”  They turned a corner. “Did you see the rugby fields? We can check them out during lunch. You play rugby, right? I’ll introduce you to Greg.”
“No, Beauxbatons,” Sherlock finally said, his voice distant with distraction. “Mummy’s family was French.”
Sherlock was not fighting. His head was hanging down and his face was obscured by his curls. His shoulders drooped and his posture broadcast defeat.
Alone.
John hesitated for a moment and then made his way to Sherlock’s bench, sitting down at the opposite end. The three feet between them felt like an insurmountable distance.
For the first time since Romania, John felt like he was truly living. He didn’t get enough sleep, and he rarely got to actually finish a meal before Sherlock pulled him away for an errand. He was on first-name basis with several vampires, and even more Aurors.
Victor began to run his tongue along Sherlock’s lower lip, and after a few heartbeats, Sherlock tentatively opened his mouth as well. He had not yet closed his eyes, and so he was free to study Victor’s countenance up-close. Victor’s eyes were closed and his face was relaxed in a mask of bliss. Sherlock’s sharp gaze flitted about, categorizing the twitch of Victor’s right eyebrow, the flare of his nostrils, and the humid breath from Victor’s nose to his own cheek.
“John.” Sherlock’s voice was slightly more insistent.
John stuck his finger into the jam of his cake and licked it clean. “Interesting. He told me about my parent’s divorce and asked where I was going to go to medical school.”
“What do you mean your magic doesn’t work?” Sherlock’s voice wasn’t cruel, merely curious. “You’re not
The concealment charms fell away, and the other spells John had sensed swam into view.  It was like a punch to John’s belly.  He stumbled back, letting go of Moriarty and letting his hands fall to his sides.
By some unspoken agreement, they both looked down together and John felt his knees grow weak at the sight of their unclothed erections so close together. Sherlock’s cock was long and thin, much like the teen himself, and while John wasn’t as long, his erection had significantly more girth. The heads of both of their cocks were ruddy and swollen, and John was pleased to notice that Sherlock’s was also dripping with precome.
Sherlock began to mutter under his breath, and the spell closest to him shook, and then blinked out of existence. But beyond that one was another, and another, all of them ugly and bloody and thrumming with malignant energy. And suddenly John was so, so terribly angry. Sherlock was a good wizard, a clever wizard, and who did he have by his side, but John Watson, who had power, but impotent power that just wouldn’t listen.
The air at the pool thrummed with magic and it made John’s bones itch. The hex Moriarity had placed on him, set to explode if John tried to make a run for it, was stifling, almost as much as the compulsion spell that made his mouth form words that weren’t his own.
“I’m not complaining.” John felt a sudden need to defend the other boy. “It was amazing how he knew all that. He’s … well, he’s remarkable, isn’t he?”
He’d get over it.
The goshawk, fifty feet away in her own tree, gave a little hop and moved up a branch. She was no longer in Sherlock’s direct line of sight. He made a face, tucked his book and pen away in his small knapsack, and made to move from his perch so that he could watch her just a bit longer.
Sherlock was reading through his textbook - no, John thought, he was correcting the textbook. He held a red pen in his long fingers, periodically marking up chemical equations.
“You broke my nose!” Anderson finally managed to shout, his voice sounding even more nasally through the damaged cartilage. Blood was trickling through his fingers and dripping down his chin.
Sherlock stepped back and started to reach for the door. Then, as John watched, his movements slowed and came to a stop. For a few seconds, he remained turned away from John. John watched the space between his shoulder blades and wondered.
, about the knowledge he doesn’t dare yet speak
This was simply too much. Sherlock remained seated, staring up at John with what he suspected was a silly face of disbelief.
Sherlock hummed and bent over his cauldron. John’s fingers itched to pull him back in case an explosion was imminent.
“That’s not-” John moaned, sucking on the tongue in his mouth. “I mean-” Deft hands yanked his jeans down just below his hips, and a clever finger began stroking the wet spot in the front of his pants.
“There you go,” John said softly. “I’m sorry you woke up alone. I should have been here.” He signed heavily. “It’s okay. I found you.”
John shivered and tucked his hands under his armpits.
“I can try,” John said, pulling his wand from his pocket. He muttered a few words, and was pleased when the spell effortlessly knit together to form an invisible field around the pewter cauldron. Today, it appeared, his magic had decided to be agreeable.
Sherlock makes a small unhappy sound, which might be discomfort from the detangling of their bodies or might be from John moving away, but his eyes are closed and his face is peaceful. His body is lethargic stillness.  John smiles fondly down at him before he makes himself crawl off the bed.
"John, dear!'' He heard coming from down the stairs ''are you ready?''
Scott stands up from the bed now. " William Sherlock Scott Holmes-'' He was using his full name now, bit not good.
''Right. What about me?'' I remark.
Sherlock brings his legs upto his chest and glares at John for a minute before letting out a breath and staring into the distance infront of him ''No... It- It's fine really, I mean you already saw alot that night, no use in leaving you in the dark any longer'' he looked into John's eyes again '' You're my friend after all'' a smile formed on both of their lips.
"Well I did hear it so you better keep it to yourself if you do not want things to be heard'' he says while walking back to his chair with a cup of tea in his hand and his pipe in the other.
I take a deep breath as I put down my book and make my way to my room. There is no use in discussing this with him anyway. He is way to stubborn for that. I let a small laugh cross my lips. That is just Sherlock being Sherlock.
Maybe he made it out alive? No. Don't be such an idiot miracles like that do not exist. This is what you get for letting yourself open for sentiment. I should have never made friends with the man because all I feel now is hurt. as I feel the tears prickle in my  eyes I feel a flash of pain going through my chest and before I know it I am laying on the ground.
"I was not going to say that-'' I try to reason
"So what about you, dear Holmes?''
"Yeah you already told me that, but you cant threaten me like that, Sherlock'' It was John's turn to move in closer now ''Tell me what you are, you can trust me''
"Right, but do not think we are done with this'' I point my finger up and down the mans body and stand up to make myself ready for yet another run.
"I... what?''
The moon cast lateral shadows from the trees, stretching out ahead, as if to point the way home. The air was chill, and it was one of those autumn nights on which he could taste the coming winter. He stopped momentarily, hearing the sounds of the night: an owl hooting somewhere in the distance, the groan of the trees as they rubbed against each other, singing a song as ancient as the night itself. He decided to follow the path, the trees had laid out for him. He continued, and the sound of both fresh-fallen and brittle leaves crackled underfoot, bringing his mind forward to the fire he would enjoy as soon as he got home. As much as he loved being in the nature and the woods, he would love to see the face of his mother and sister again, they should be so worried by now. He promised them he would come back and he needs to keep to his promise.
"Hey! don't!'' she complains, John just smiles at the reaction.
''It is not like you didn't miss me to, you git'' I say smiling.
As John looked up from his book he could see a raven haired boy walking to the door as the bell rang. Something about the boy way, familiar. Had he seen this boy before? He slowly stood up as he saw the boy opening the door, looking into John's direction once before making his way out of the door.
Right now the bullet is the cork in the bottle and is stopping most of the blood flow. He shreds a piece of his soldier uniform off and adds preasure on the bullet wound.
As Sherlock changes he hears a loud noice coming from the living room. He takes an annoyed sigh and walks to the source.
Sherlock can not help but smile at the words, he loves Angelo's it is his and John's favorite restaurant. Sherlock is about to say yes when he notice the rain outside. For god sake not again...
I was about to head back when I saw it again. The man I saw earlier that made me almost lose my mind. I swear to god when I say that he looks exactly like Holmes. I take a closer and closer look at the man walking through the parc and I let out a gasp. It really is him! But it can't be! Did he made it out alive after all? I take a few steps forward into his direction. I can not believe my own eyes! Okay Watson. Breath. This can all be a dream. You will get ya self worked up and before you know it you will be let down. I take another deep breath and let my eyes wander once again to the man who is now almost to far away to notice. But- but what if... It really is him? Screw my thoughts! I think to myself as I set in for a run. I have never ran this fast. Not since the day I met Holmes wounded on the ground. It is nice to feel the cool breeze on my face. And making ways through my hair as I am running.
John looks at the boy, who seemed taken aback by his compliment.
He looks at me in astonisment but then burst out into a giggle.
This got Sherlock's attantion as he quickly turned his head towards John.
if you guys are interested in the story leave kudos and comments for more posts ^^ i almost finished the whole story and putting it up bit by bit
"How many times do I have to say it sherlock! No bloody experiments in the-''
Sherlock snaps out of his own thoughts and turns back to Scott. Seeing the confused look on his face there is no other way but telling the truth.
"John".
It is a foggy, cloudy morning, and a dun-coloured veil hangs over the blooded battle field as we try to find a way back to the millitairy base. My companion on the other hand is in the best of spirits, and has a fond smile wiped across his face.
A new tie. New shoes. A white dress shirt underneath a grey vest, under a jacket with some embroidered school logo on the breast pocket.
I take a deep sigh and make my way out of the container, making sure I do not touch any wet stones or edges. I make my way out of the allyway and start walking into the direction of 221B. Part of me can't wait to be in my familiar cosy home, sitting by the fire place, experiment on some toes. But on the other hand I'm afraid of John reaction. I did just jump over a wall and they assumed I ran away... Idiots didn't even think about checking the giant container but it all turned out well. What do I say to John?
"I am sorry?" I say confused.
Sherlock let out a sigh while making his way past a hole in the ground. I can say that I am rather amazed at the calm way in wich he rippled.
Sherlock let's out a little smile "That is not what people normally say''
"Okay i'll be right behind you in a cap, text me the adress'' sherlock says as he stands up and strides into his bedroom to change.
Scott stares from a distant yet again at the picture on the wall. How? How is it possible? Okay, think. There must be a logical reason for all of this but if that was the case, why would his friend have such a hard time in telling him this?
"Why not have some nice biscuits and tea while we are on it!''
"Well Sherlock let's get the hell out of this place".
They all went silent for a moment, that was untill-
His mother let out a huff '' alright then, let's just get home'' she takes Harry by the hand and lays a hand on John's back gesturing to come with her '' We got alot more unpacking to do tommorrow'' and with that she starts to walk away.
I start to giggle and Sherlock joins me.
Never did he think he would get in, it was a private school mostly for the posh and the rich, but they could offer John a nice price since his aunt did them so many years of great work.
As I look up at the unknown man leaning over my wounded body I feel myself questioning who this bewildered stranger might be. While my mind wonders off to the man in question I can not help to notice that my wounded leg was already healed by a great amount. Even the man who was treating them let out a cry when he removed the cloth he had pressed on my leg and saw that the bullet wound had vanished.
The thing that pains me the most how ever is the lost of my new friend, Sherlock Holmes. This man was nothing like anyone I have ever met. His icy blue eyes, wich seems to change colour from now and then, his perfectly dark brown curls like a waterfall falling from down his face. It pains me, knowing I will not get a chance to get to know this man better.
"SHERLOCK!'' the sound is now coming from closer by, probably next to the container. Sherlock holds his breath, to nervous to make any movement or sound.
"No. No, you see- no stop right there you don't get to do this, this time. You don't get to play the victem and make up some story about how it wasn't relevant to tell me!'' Scott walked out of the kitchen completely forgotten about his coffe mug and let him self fall into the nearest chair. Taking some deep breaths.
"I consult the police John! I am not one of them. I purely stay for the murder cases, it is the only interresting thing going on at yard'' he says with a bored voice.
"Because you are my friend, my best friend for that and I... Well I care about you, Sherlock'' John says, with a hint of pink on his face.
"I'm going to explore the woods'' John says to his mother.
Pov John
He heard his phone again
"Yeah'' He said shaking his head with a smile "That is Sherlock, Sherlock Holmes'' He says as they made their way down the hall, to the canteen. '' He is a bit off somethimes but he is quit nice I gues'' he shrugged his shoulders.
"For god sake Lestrade I said I would come by myse-'' Sherlock looks up at the person who made the noise. '' Oh hello John, decided to come home after all?'' Sherlock says half joking.
"Oh, sorry it is an easy assumption, going by the state you hold your self. You lean back on your right leg wich tells me you are at unease about something. Going by your millitairy background I would assume that it is about the ambush. I can read the quilt all over your face what tells me you are feeling ashemed you left your fellow soldiers behind that one afwull night. You do not think you deserve happieness because of it. So you do not take the time to take good care off yourself. Your coat is way to big for you what tells me it is probably used to belong to a relative. Who gave it to you out of concern. Because you yourself take little or non care of yourself. You got yourself a cheap little apartment outside of London because even know, you could go for a flatshare and get one in the centrum, you do not feel necessary for a compagnion because you are still haunted by nightmares of the war, stating by the bags underneath your eyes wich suggest little sleep. So what can I state out of all of this? You are still trying to get back on your feet and trying to move on from the war'' he stated.
"No, sir I-''
Sherlock looks over his shoulder and sees Lestrade standing with one hand on his hip and the other in his hair. God is he desperate.
It couldn't be, could it?
After what seemed like another hour of impatiently walking through the woods, with a feeling of being watched with every step he took, he finally could hear some familiar voices in the distant. He ran towards the sound and could see his mother and harry both with pocketlights searching the woods, they looked so worried, so scared. John gave him a mentally punch in the gut for making them feel that way but all that was lost as soon as his mother took him into her arms.
"SHERLOCK!" I shout again.
"well erm... Yeah '' John says clearing his throath "So a case then?''
seemed to convince her well enough, though, because she smiled back.
He took long strides to the door. Sherlock always sat in the back of the class but always managed to be the first one to get out of the door.
I can now see a smile lighting up his features.
"Maybe" he says as he shrugs his shoulders.
"I'm glad to amuse you'' Sherlock let out dryly, not facing John just yet.
God John is so beautiful when he does that. Maybe he thinks the same about me... Only if he knew what kind of monster I am
He can't let the boy get away a second time. He needs to know what happend that night
"Hmm'' Sherlock answers, clearly not pleased with the answer.
"I want you to like me John, I don't know why so don't ask me that but I just-'' He let's out a breath.
"What is it with you and the rain today? You seem like your about to shit your pants everytime it starts'' John says a bit worried "Are you afraid of it?''
"Let's go John, Lestrade is desperate for this to be solved'' He says as he strides down the stairs.
He let's his eyes wander across the room once more. A desk shoved in the corner next to the window, wooden wardrobe and chest of drawers.
William blinks and shifts, his eyes are darting from the stormy blue of Scott’s stare to the photo on the wall behind him.
Sherlock Holmes was not stupid.
"You... are worried about me'' sherlock stattes.
"But they do'' I say with a smile on my face "They do my friend and we both are the living proof of that!'' I exclame.
"Sherlock?'' John asks.
Sherlock let's him show a half smile himself and puts on his Bellstaf.
Sherlock only responded with a hum before taking another inhale.
Sherlock let's his head fall down a bit. ''But I- I feel things'' He lifts his head up and stares into John's eyes ''Like a real person, like everyone else.'' he let's out a huff "I am not just the freak, not just the machine without a heart. I have a heart John, and it is beating for that matter, but no-one seems to care about that'' he looks back into the distance '' no-one cares for the freak'' he says in a whisper.
"An apartment out of London? No thank you. I like to be in the middle of it all, of the people. Being able to breath in the London air. It is my way of keeping control of the situation.'' he says looking back at me now.
"Well Sherlock let's get the hell out of this place".
"There may be some issues... with the rain but I do not wish to speak about that at the moment, please'' Sherlock says in a defeating voice.
He takes a sigh
"It is okay John. What happend, happend.'' he says in a cold voice
"I am not a circus animal or any of that kind, John!'' He let's out, coming across a bit angry. "See, I know I seem like a freak, a machine, the one tha out smarts everyone else!'' Sherlock removes himself from the bench and starts walking around ''See, that's who I am! That's how I go around in my every day life! By deducing people, trashing my way around!'' He let's his arms reach up to the sky like a prayer before letting himself fall onto the bench once more.
"Ah don't be like that sherlock, it is just a little bit of rain'' Lestrade says as he joins the conversation.
"We have to get out of here!" one of them states.
"You better shut your mouth if we don't want to be pierced by the enemies bullets my man!'' he almost whispered while checking his surroundings.
"That'' there it comes sherlock thought '' Was amazing'' John let out with a breath.
"Dead man? nonsense! Don't be an idiot''. he says while waving his hand in the dusty air.
"Uhm, Mike?'' He asked
"Oh for god sake stop sulking both of you'' John says as he pulls Sherlock out from the protectet place.
"Bloody hell Sherlock!'' I exclame happily '' How did you made it out-''
"I would love to join this little chat group, but I have more important things to attent'' Sherlock says, ''I only came here for some forks to-'' Sherlock eyes fell on John.
https://www.wattpad.com/433649834-the-secret-life-of-sherlock-holmes-secrets-to-hold Also on wattpad :)
"I care about you to, John'' Sherlock says a bit shyly.
As John looked once again at his suitcase he noticed he had already unpacked while he was away in his thoughts.
"Hey!'' the man doesn't respond it looks like he is slipping into unconsiousness.
John could feel them slipping into a silence, not good. Come on John, think of somehting to say, anything!
At this moment I see the man turning around with a confused look on his face. God... it really is him! The bastard did made it out alive after all! I keep running towards him and once I reach the man I take him into a propor embrace.
Sherlock rappedly blinks at John's words. His brain, stuck. People normally don't talk to him for this long let stand alone compliment him.
"And you were friends with my great grand father, how did that happen?'' scott said while Sherlock was taking place in the chair opposite from himself.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Ahem'' Sherlock clears his throath "Right show me the body'' he demands.
"You will not get lost? You will come back before dinner right?'' His mother asks, a glimpse of worry in her voice.
Oh, if you could just see how bad I am doing right now. All the lost, the pain. I wish I had never joined the army because now, in a world turned upside down and order disapeared. Nothing is how it is supposed to be, and a heavy sadness fills my soul. I fall deeper and deeper withing myself. And it feels like nothing can show me out. Not the cool Londen air nor the laughter of my friends and family once they found out I made it out alive. It feels like it is always nighttime and nightmares and never morning. And mostly you try not to think about it and try to get by. And all the other things seems like nothing compared to just wanting the most important things back again. My old life, my careless soul, my clean Conscience and my friend. I go to many, therapy sesions. And by now I have heard pleanty of promises and they all sound the same. Life will go on, It will get better, John. But push hard enough and sooner or later they all turn out to be empty. I do not want the world to be pulled out from me but the same time I lack the energy to move on. I feel like I am in the dark and I will be trapped here forever. But still I hope for a beam of light that can break the darkness and make me feel myself again. Unfortunately such miracles do not exist. So I have to stay strong and soldier on.
But as he entered the door, he could see the boy already dissapeared into the crowd of people.
Sherlock's immediate impulse was to say something back, something snarky, something that would put him in his place, but then again, this was one of the few teachers who didn't hate his guts yet. He couldn't afford another detention session, to boring.
"Finally something to get up for'' Sherlock mutters to himself.
Sherlock let out a little laugh. '' Don't be an idiot Scott it will take a lot more to upset or hurt me'' he said with a grin across his face.
"Im sorry?'' he says with a puzzled look.
"Oh don't look at me like that you old tang! You clearly aren't mad at me but at your hairdresser going by your right sleeve'' Sherlock sput out his deduction. The old lady gasped but walked on quickly. How was he ever going to explain this to John?
We met the next day again and went to take a look at the apartment. It looked nice from the outside, it was placed above a café owned by the landlady ms Hudsons. The apartment consisted of 2 comfortable bedrooms and a large cheery sitting-room wich was fully furnished. That very night I went back to my old apartment and got my things and the following moring Sherlock followed with several boxes wich were packed with his belongings. For approximately 2 days we were busy unpacking and laying out stuff for the best Décor. When all of that was done we began settling down and accommodate ourselves to our new home.
His eyes widen and he looks at me like i've gone mad.
That hair! How- was it really him?
"Right." I say, bit let down by his tone. "So how did you make it out of there?
"It seems like it''
"Hmm okay'' Molly seemed to take the baid, John felt relieved.
"Y- You are... alive? He said stumbling over his words.
Sherlock runs restless fingers through his hair, anxiety tickling at his insides. “One would assume that to be so, yet, that would be denying the evidence right before your eyes. So, importable, yes but, it seems, not impossible.”
He stopped dead in his tracks. Whatever it was, it sounded like it was in pain and John could feel his blood starting to pump.
"So why not looking for a flat of your own?" I ask.
John let's his hand fall back to his side a bit dissapointed.
As Sherlock takes another look at the calender on the wall he takes a sigh. Today is the day... Ever since sherlock was born every 4 years there was one week that something would happen to him. It has been in his family for thousands of years now. Well the gene, nor his mother nor Mycroft nor his father seemed to be bothered with it exept for him. He heard his great grand mother also suffered from it. Whenever he came in contact with water he would turn, turn into something, according to sherlock self, something monsteres. But in fact, he would turn into a harmless half fish half man. Even the smallest drop of water would turn him so that meant, no drinking water unless it is with a straw. For some reason that did not turn him. No going outside when the clouds are dancing across the sky, to big of a chance it would start to rain and only take baths with the door closed.
''That seems to be the case'' I say coldly as I stride pass the other soldiers.
"Hey, Sherlock!'' Molly said full of cheer.
“Sherlock!” his voice cracks through the air, sharp and frayed at the ends, and Sherlocks eyes snap to him instantly. It has been some time since he has seen him this angry. He knew he couldn't keep his best friend out of this, he hoped he would have some more time, to think of a proper solution or excuse but faith seemed to have other plans.
Sherlock makes his way upstairs and opens the door.
~~~~~~
They were sitting on a wooden bench somewhere on the school grounds, Sherlock lifting a cigarette to his cupid bow lips only to give it the slightest touch of contact before inhaling the smoke into his lungs.
"What?" the stranger says while looking at me in disbelieve.
"The things you can do are huge! Do you get that Sherlock? You could help people, alot! Being immortal is not something that happens to everyone on a daily bases'' I say
"I am fine, don't worry!'' He looked in his mother's eyes ''I just lost track of time, and I am sorry for that but-''
"Better, I'm getting kind of annoyed by all your fridge experiments John says with a half smile crossing his features.
I stand infront of him quit baffled about what I just heard coming out of his mouth but I can not help but let out a laugh.
Is he dead? No, as far as he can tell he is still moving. John jumps forward to the soldier laying on the ground and with a thump he let him self fall beside him.
John walked in the garden, about to explore the forest when he can see someone coming up to him from the side of his eye.
''You- you think so?''
Sherlock looks me in the eyes now and blinks rappedly. It looks like he can not wrap his brain around what just happend. I have to say it is really a funny sight.
"Stamford, Mike stamford" He said with a fond smile.
"Well scott my dear fellow, that is rather a long story.''
''So... immortal then?''
"Oh John, my friend'' he said grinning while jumping over yet another corps we passed by running. "I'm hardly glad about that, don't be dull!'' he exclaimed as he gave me a glaring look. '' Can't a man be happy he made it out off the battle field alive?''
This guy seemed okay, maybe just maybe he would make a friend today after all.
"Fine immortal then'' he says and puts down his half empty cup.
Sherlock makes a run to the wall and takes a long jump up to the wall before disapearing over it. Yes! there is a dumpster, it is his only way to hide from the rest, from John. They can't possibly find out about this. As sherlock quickly jumps into the dumpster and closes the cover he can feel his body transforming. He can feel his bones starting to shatter in his body and his legs becoming one. Once he looks up at his legs again the pain of transforming is gone and he can see his tail. It is blue and purple and makes him think of bruises.
Pov sherlock
"My dear Sherlock'' I said painting, and out off breath. "Why in heavens name aren't you cross about the beblooded field around us? You look like a child in a candy store!''
"Could you please stop staring at me like im some sort of enigma!'' I hiss in his direction.
"What keeps you going these days idiot'' I say playfull.
Shifting the books from one arm and into the bag on his shoulder, John pushed his way through the large doubles doors and into the main lobby. He has already been given everything he needed, his schedule, books, everything. but the first Monday after the weekend left him feeling just a bit unsure, as he looked around. Everyone who walked past, other boys and girls all dressed the same as him, already knew one another. He knew nobody hear and he already became to feel like an outsider on his first day.
I take a deep breath as I let myself roll of my matres and try to do something productive today. I still got alot of questions about my, as Richard called them ''abilities''. As I stand up and take a look at myself in the mirror I can't help to see that I still look as young as I did around 5 years ago. By most man around my age you can start to see the aging, the gray hairs, the wrinkles making ways across their faces but nothing of that seems to count for me, amazing, I think to myself as I put it on the back of my mind. I make my way downstairs and take a quick glance at the screaming childeren at the table. 8 months and I still couldn't find myself to learn their names. Unnecessary information. I stride by them and make my way out into the cool London air. I can feel the air thickle my skin and as I wrap my scarf around my neck I stard pacing down the street. My eyes looking for something worth my time.
“Come on, Sherlock,” he begs. “They’re doing the best they can. They can’t control when multiple traumas come in.”
It took Sherlock all of thirty seconds to pick the cuffs, and even less time for him to slip away into the confusion of the busy street.
“Oh, I took care of them,” John said. “After I knocked out the fella who came for me, I went after the rest of them. They’re immobilized - not dead, mind you, but they’ll stay down.”
John jumped a little and turned to see who had joined them in the lunch line. It was the girl from chemistry lab - John was now sure her name was Sally.  Her words then registered in John’s mind, and he frowned. “Excuse me?"
Still, the old hurt in his chest waned. He remained an outsider but - he was surprised to discover - it felt different when you were an outsider with someone else.
. You have an equal opportunity eye when it comes to nice arse - no, don’t argue - and I
He’d smile, turn away, and he would seethe
Sherlock’s nervous.
Think about how
By the time Mycroft returned, Sherlock was sitting up against the trunk of the tree. His face was pinched and white, and he was holding his wrist to his chest. But he was upright, looking around, and he was alive - whole and alive. Mycroft, had he possessed the ability, could have wept for joy.
Sherlock was a little shy.
John tries it again the next time Mycroft visits.
Sarah shrugged. “I’m more of a footie girl, but it has its good aspects as well.” She raised her eyebrows theatrically.
From behind him, he heard Sally ask Molly, “What’s his problem?”
“You…” John cuts himself off with a laugh. “Of course. Well done, you.”
"With Sherlock?” she prompted. “In first period?”
Sherlock’s eyebrows draw down like he plans to argue, so John reaches over with his right hand and begins to stroke his fingers through Sherlock’s fringe. The effect is immediate. Sherlock’s eyes flutter close and his cheek presses more deeply against John’s shoulder. Within a few minutes, his breath becomes even and shallow. He sleeps the rest of the way home. John combs his fingers through Sherlock’s hair the entire time.
“What’s wrong?” Molly whispered, making John jump. She was leaning across Mike, her eyes bright with concern. She glanced at Sherlock, frowned, and then stared more intently at John.
He let it out.
John followed Mike into a large classroom. Narrow tables that could fit three students apiece were arranged facing an empty podium at the front. Most of the seats were already taken by other students. Teenagers were talking loudly, laughing and hugging each other - everyone seemed excited to be back in school and amongst friends.
This morning, he remembered nothing.
Slamming down the empty beer bottle, John pushed away from the table. He was briefly aware of Harry’s and Clara’s cheers, but those were soon overwhelmed by the loud music. John set his shoulders as he marched towards the dance floor. The music grew impossibly louder as he approached the dancing figure.
Out of the corner of his eye, Sherlock glanced at John. John saw the sharp gaze fly across his body, taking in details with lightning quick speed. John let the lower half of his body slump to the ground in a barely controlled fall, keeping his arms stiff so that he could remain wearily seated.
It was terrible.
And Moriarity only laughed, the joyless sound galling to John’s ears.  His head swiveled like a lizard’s as he turned to Sherlock, who stood frozen as a statue. “Isn’t he sweet?” Moriarity asked him.  And then he muttered a word, soft as a lover’s whisper.
Sherlock’s lips tilted, and John knew he was fighting a smile.
Anderson glared as though he could kill John with just a look, but he allowed the other two boys to lead him away.
people, boring people, classmates and teachers and strangers and people who weren’t Sherlock.
Sherlock finished his staring contest with his notebook and turned to John. Pale eyes pierced him.  "Don't be obtuse. You know what I mean."
It wouldn’t have happened if not for the goshawk.
After another month of interactions - a collaboration on a lab project here, three late night study dates there - Sherlock thought that he had stumbled his way into his very first friendship.
And John simply stopped fighting his magic.
"It was nothing," he said, and even he heard the dullness of his voice.
Dropping his backpack on the table, John studied Sherlock’s face. Those cheekbones really were ridiculous, he thought. “Want to be my partner?” he asked, and he immediately wanted to kick himself. God, could he sound any more like a wanker?
“Harry,” John protested, and he felt his ears begin to burn. He took another swallow of his beer to hide his blush. He peeked at Harry out of the corner of his eyes. Her eyes held a familiar glassy shine - she had been downing cocktails since they first arrived at the club - but they were sharp with sororal outrage.
Harry groaned.
“I’m the one who can’t get his magic to work. Smart one like you - I bet you were the first in your class to conjure your patronus. I bet it’s something flashy and dramatic. Like a lion or a leopard or a bloody tiger.”
John snorts. “Yeah, and who told him where we were?”
John squared his shoulders. “You could have joined us for dinner afterwards. It would have been nice.”
“What do you mean?” John was rapt.
“Sherlock Holmes,” the professor said.
At first, Sherlock offered only monosyllabic utterances in acknowledgement that Victor was addressing him. But, then, after a week of this, he found himself correcting one of Victor’s formulas (“No, see, you’ve put the carbon in the wrong place.”) A week later, he allowed himself to answer a more personal question about how he’d be spending the weekend (“In the library. Studying. Obviously.”)
Blinking against a sudden burning in his eyes, Sherlock took a deep breath in.
Suddenly the year ahead of John seemed a lot more interesting.
Without thinking, John reached out and rested his hands on the narrow waist, stabilizing himself. He froze, shocked at his own audacity, and the body beneath his hands grew still as well.
He never did speak to Victor again.
John moaned and grabbed Sherlock’s shoulders, reversing their positions so that Sherlock was now pressed against the wall. His hands were clumsy and Sherlock’s jeans were ridiculously tight, but with a bit of help from the other boy, John managed to snake his left hand into Sherlock’s pants. His fingers closed around Sherlock’s hot length, and John gave two experimental tugs.
“I’ll work with Sherlock,” John told Molly, the words surprising even him as they fell from his lips.
John checks the locks on the door, turns off the lights, and then crawls back into bed. Sherlock promptly lets go of his pillow and throws one long arm around John and wraps a leg around him as well. He rests his head on John’s right shoulder and rubs his nose back and forth through John’s pale chest hair. John grins, delighted to discover that Sherlock Holmes doesn’t just enjoy touch, but also appears to like a cuddle after sex. He wonders briefly how they got from that moment in the basement so many months ago, John’s fingers gently tracing Sherlock’s cheekbones, to this moment in which their naked bodies are pressed so tightly together there’s no room for air between.
“That’s not …. It’s not like that.” John put the very dry dish down with precise care. His hands were shaking, he noticed. Harry must have seen it too because she turned to frown at him.
The door behind John slammed shut and heavy hands came down on his shoulders, spinning him. John barely had the time to open his mouth before his back was pressed against a bare wall and warm lips slid across his own.
And to his great shock, Sherlock does. First his shoulders relax, and then his legs slide out and away, and finally the frown marks on his forehead disappear. Puzzled by this sudden acquiescence, John lets his fingers continue to move across Sherlock’s scalp - gently rubbing, occasionally scratching with his nails, and pressing his thumbs into Sherlock’s occiput.  The calluses on John’s fingers tug gently at the curls. He is careful to stay away from the nasty hematoma.
And besides, this was the first truly
“I’m hoping to get into King’s,” John said finally.
Then he saw him.
And then Mycroft had offered to take Sherlock birding the next day. Sherlock had been unable to keep a grin from stretching his lips wide, even though he knew the expression made him look barmy. For a few heartbeats, he remembered why he loved his brother so fiercely. He remembered that Mycroft was the only one who understood him, who truly
Giving Sherlock’s erection a leisurely pull, John pulled away to run his lips along Sherlock’s jawline, mouthing the skin there. John heard a sharp intake of breath. “Hold on to me, beautiful,” he whispered into the shell of Sherlock’s ear, enjoying the full body shiver he received in response to his words.
“Don’t pick on him,” Clara said, reaching over to disentangle Harry’s hand from John’s before giving him a smile. He felt grateful. Clara had the type of smile that could light up a room. He sometimes privately thought that she was too good for his sister, although he almost always immediately felt guilty after having such a disloyal thought. “This is new to him,” Clara continued. “If he wants to sit here and watch for a bit, that’s fine.
“We could meet after rugby,” Mike offered. “The library doesn’t close until late.”
. His body was in his dormitory bed with Victor. His lips and tongue and cock were there, and they were moving and slipping and sucking. But Sherlock’s mind had simply slipped away.
As John approached the spot, he heard angry voices. He felt a tickle of unease and hurried around the corner of the building.
a dad, John who had friends he’d known since primary school and a steady girlfriend and who furtively snogged James Sholto after rugby practice and hated himself for it … that John never would have guessed that John from today would be in bloody London at a bloody nightclub, a
me?” If his voice hit a particularly high (and painful) note at the end, Sherlock would not admit that in the future.
Greg smiled and shrugged, all genial energy. “Well, back at it,” he said.  He trotted away from John, already beginning to shout: “Gregson! It’s a short break, not nap time. Anderson! Quit flirting and get back over here!”
Third period was about to end, and John was rushing down the hallway. He had dawdled in the library, and he was almost late for physics. He snuck a peek at his wrist watch - he had two minutes left.
“Yeah, that’s not happening,” John says.  “I don’t know how you plan to get there seeing as you can’t even walk without becoming sick.” He’s prepared to argue further, but he finds that as long as he continues to gently massage Sherlock’s head, the other man remains quiet. He’s not sure where this obedience is coming from, but he doesn’t want to do anything that jeopardizes it.
John dropped onto the ground next to him. “What in the world was that about?” John peeked at Sherlock’s phone and saw that he had the web browser opened to the NSY twitter account.
John debated the merits of kicking his friend. “Yeah, got that. Thanks.”  Sarah smirked at him.
His bed was suddenly pressing against the back of his thighs, and Sherlock wondered if he was supposed to remain standing or if he should sit. Then Victor pushed him, and Sherlock found himself on his back, blinking up at Victor with wide eyes.
Harry left the pan in the water and spun to face John. “You have
Mike shrugged and eyed Molly’s meal. “If you’re not going to finish that….”
Unfortunately, the small-time money launderer also possessed a truly impressive (and sharp) machete. Then the police arrived (“Jesus
Very soon, there was too much data for Sherlock to categorize.
"Yeah," he said instead. "Of course."
He had never had more fun.
Sherlock dropped his mobile and fully turned in his seat to face John. His expression was incredulous. “Why would I do that?”
“Here,” John said. “I have an idea.”  He took himself in hand and coated his cock with a thin layer of slick, his eyes fluttering closed with the sensation. He had to force himself to let go - a few more strokes and it would have been over all too soon.
“I’m so sorry,” John said. “I wish I had been here when you woke up. You shouldn’t have had to wake up alone and in the dark.”
Ah. Yes. Chloroform.
Gasping, John looked up. His eyes met Sherlock’s from only inches apart. Sherlock’s eyelids were at half-mast and there was a predatory gleam in his gaze. His expression was acutely familiar to John, who realized with a start that for the first time in weeks, he was not looking at school-Sherlock.
John slides his fingers into the dark strands curling on the nape of Sherlock’s neck, letting his nails gently drag against his scalp as he pushes his hand towards Sherlock’s crown. His palm comes to rest against the back of Sherlock’s skull, soaking up the warmth from his scalp, and he lightly scratches with all five fingers.
Molly shrugged and spoke hesitantly. “He’s Sherlock. It’s hard to describe. He’s usually pretty quiet. I mean, when he’s not being…” she drifted off.  “You know.”
the music. He moved like the music was in his veins, his hips swiveling and turning with a grace that John would never come close to emulating.
Still, he couldn’t help but acknowledge the twinge of disappointment in his gut. He had been so hopeful that Sherlock would show. Early in the game, he had scanned the crowds, wishing to catch sight of a familiar, thin frame. But as the minutes ticked away, it had become clear that Sherlock was a no-show, and John had been forced to give up his hopes.
“My mum’s a nurse,” John said, grabbing Sherlock’s chin more firmly but being careful to keep his hands gentle. “And I’ve played rugby for ten years. I know how to get blood out.”  He again dabbed Sherlock’s lip, removing blood while being careful not to disturb the forming scab.   When he was done, he stuffed his shirt back into his bag and carefully met Sherlock’s gaze.
“Yeah, well.” He studied his hands. “I think I messed it up. I invited him to my rugby game. I didn’t think he had come, but he did. I didn’t see him at first, and then he just appears when I’m flirting with this girl-”
Life with Sherlock was never easy.  Within their first week together, John learned that his new flatmate kept jars of nightshade and wolfsbane with the tea. Loud bangs would shake the floors of their flat at all hours, and his armchair became the victim of a transfiguration spell not once, not twice, but three times. If sometimes there were several jars filled with billywigs being kept in the loo, well, that was a typical Tuesday.
. This man, this ridiculous walking contraindication, had again shocked Sherlock. The detective thought he had seen all there was to see of the human race, both cruel and ordinary. And now, again, one man stood before Sherlock with bloody knuckles and a gentle face and eyes so filled with …
The street below is silent. An occasional stranger walks by and John doesn’t know which one is heading home from a club or heading out to a night shift. Sherlock knows.
With Sherlock gone, John had felt little desire to return to the club, and so he had sent a short text to Harry and returned home alone. By the time he had reached their flat, Mum had been asleep. John had collapsed onto his duvet without bothering to change into his pajamas. He had drifted off, dreaming of pale eyes that seemed to look straight through him.
The chemistry lab was a mess. Students were hurrying around, and there was an edge of manic energy in the room.
“Jewelry store robbery. Third one in central London in as many weeks. It’s a spree!” Sherlock said the word spree in the same tone that other teenagers would use for the words ‘new car.’
Sherlock is crouched beside the corpse, and while his hands are flitting over the clothing, John can tell that his attention is shot. His lips are just a little too tightly pinched and the lines around his eyes too pronounced. John briefly daydreams popping Anderson in his self-satisfied face.
John jumped. He realized he had been drying the same plate for five minutes. “What are you talking about?” He wasn’t looking at his sister’s face, but John could practically hear Harry roll her eyes.
Clara nodded encouragingly. “Come on, John!”
What other choice did he have?
Sherlock grunts and frowns. “Then unfortunately we shall have to await Lestrade and the cavalry.”
Three other boys were with him. Anderson, still wearing his rugby gear, had Sherlock backed up against the brick wall. His forearm was across Sherlock’s upper chest, and he was leaning forward so that his body weight kept Sherlock in place. Two boys that John recognized from around the school were behind him. They weren’t touching Sherlock, but their body language radiated violence.
Ignoring the pounding in his heart, John turned and made his way across the room. He took a few fortifying breaths and squared his shoulders.
Taking a deep breath, John fought off a familiar sense of ill-ease. He knew that he was good at meeting people, and he had always made friends easily, but it could never get over the sensation that it was all a show. He would smile and rib and make small talk, and a teeny part of his mind would break free, and he’d feel like he was floating outside his own body and watching John Watson perform. He could never get over the feeling that he was alone, even in a crown.
It wasn’t that John did poorly at Hogwarts.
John’s mum took another extra shift at the hospital that night. John made himself ramen and ate it in his room, reading through his chemistry lab notes to make sure he had understood every step.
Afterwards, Sherlock would only be able to remember bits and pieces. It was as though he was watching a degraded video: there were clear moments before the tape seized, and then the next scene was playing. Victor’s hand was stroking him, his tongue hot and heavy on Sherlock’s chest. His fingers were coated with something slimy and he was reaching behind Sherlock’s bollocks.
Sherlock was scribbling in a notebook and absent-mindedly picking at a bag of crisps. His head was down and he seemed oblivious to the world.
Beautiful strangers never danced with John Watson in a club. They never snuck John Watson into a secret supply closet and snogged him. And now he was pretty sure a blow job was now on the table, and why in the world was he ruining this?
The boy John had punched in the gut had managed to regain his feet. He remained awkwardly hunched forward with one arm wrapped around his lower abdomen. He pulled up his friend and then began to tug at Anderson’s arm. “Come on, Phil,” he said. “Let’s go.”
What was that in John’s eyes?
The paralysis of anger shattered, and John was moving without consciously thinking about it.
And then without any agreement between the two of them, Victor took Sherlock’s virginity.
John sighed. “Do you want to do it?”
Sherlock was fiddling with his mobile with one hand, his chin resting on the other fist, and his only response was a low hum. John could almost imagine that the moment from the previous afternoon had never happened.
Charlie cackled and ran his fingers through his ginger fringe. “My hide is quite intact and lovely, thank you very much.”
Just then, Bradstreet entered the room and their classmates fell silent. Taking his place at the podium, the teacher called out, “Page eighty, ladies and gentleman!”
As Molly began to question Mike about his summer holiday, John settled into his seat, pulling out his textbook. He tried to look busy, searching for a pen, even though he just wanted a few moments to himself. The cacophony of voices around him made the skin between his shoulder blades itch, and he concentrated on taking long, deep breaths.  He thought of what Harry had said the night before.
Sherlock could still not think of a response to this.
The chance to make a decision was taken away from John.
John felt his fists clenching as he held his tray. “And why not?”
John rolled his eyes and chased after the detective and into the windy streets, Sherlock’s spell keeping him dry and warm.
“Quiet down,” the professor called, his attention more on his own briefcase than the students in front of him. He pulled out a piece of paper and waved it in the air. “We’re going to start with attendance.”
He was by himself, his spine perfectly rigid. Other people moved around him, like he was a spot of oil in the water of the crowd. Even though it was a warm evening, he wore a dark coat that made him seem little more than a shadow, and his dark curls were somehow impossibly more wild than normal.
John’s failures sat in his chest, forming a thick knot of hurt. He got through his O.W.L.S. on sheer stubbornness, but he didn’t bother to sit for his N.E.W.T.S. He knew that he could never pass the practicals. And so while his classmates studied late into the night, took potions to keep themselves awake, and moaned to each other about how much there was to learn, John kept his own counsel.
Sherlock’s kisses became messier until he was panting into John’s mouth, and then he began to release little cries that acted like shots of lust injected directly into John’s bloodstream.
A man pulls a knife on Sherlock and holds it to his pale throat, shouting at the surrounding police to back off. Sherlock rolls his eyes and deduces the man’s erectile dysfunction. Things get impossibly more tense - John wouldn’t have thought that possible - but luckily the criminal becomes so enraged that he lets the arm holding the knife drift a bit, so John tackles him from behind. Lestrade spends ten minutes shouting at Sherlock, jabbing one finger into Sherlock’s chest, while John stands off to the side with his hands on his hips, breathing slow and heavy so that his heart will stop trying to pound out of his chest.
When they reach their suite, John toes off his shoes and socks, and he wanders across the plush carpet. He peers out the window, gapes at the telly (which takes up half the wall), and then he checks out the bathroom, which is bigger than the entirety of 221B. Only then does he see that there’s only one bed.
He always turned in his scrolls on time. His wand technique was exemplary, and his Latin pronunciation superb. His knowledge of wizard history was vast, and his potions were careful, ingredients measured exactly. He had a green thumb when it came to magical plants, and even the prickliest magical creature calmed under John’s confident hand.
Molly laughed, just a little too loudly, and reached out to touch Greg’s arm.  John saw the motion and then made eye contact with Sarah, who was watching as well. They shared private smiles.
John had to agree. Even if his magic didn’t always listen, he
Molly rolled her eyes. “
When the professor entered the room, there was a great frenzy of motion as the students hurried to find their seats. John folded his hands on the desk in front of him and waited.
“John.”
Moriarty’s spells didn’t blink out of existence - they shattered. One after another, like ceramic plates hitting a hard floor, the spells disintegrated. An otherworldly wind whipped around John, forcing him to his knees. Dimly he could hear Moriarity shouting, but the air around him was thick with power, blurring his vision into a kaleidoscope of colors and light. And over the din of shattering spells and Moriarity’s rage, there was Sherlock’s deep voice, sure and steady. Magic seemingly without end poured through John, slipping from his body to Sherlock’s, and then flew from Sherlock’s wand.
“Mr. Holmes!” Bradstreet’s voice rang out, and John winced. “Do you have something to add? Class has just begun - surely you don’t have a correction to the subject matter already?”
Tapping his fingers on the sticky table, John leaned closer to Harry and Clara. “You really think I could pull here? These blokes are pretty fit.”  John glanced down at his jeans and black tee. He felt underdressed, average, and far outclassed.
John smiled to himself, remembering when Sherlock had told him he had cornered the jewelry store manager at his local grocer one evening to question him. Sherlock was just … so …
The CT scan is negative for acute intracranial processes. Sherlock is diagnosed with a concussion and released home to John’s care with a supply of sublingual antiemetics.
John hesitated. This was crazy, he thought. Wasn’t this crazy?
Lestrade would not be suspicious yet. Just to be safe, Sherlock thought, he’d say something cutting and personal to keep the DI from thinking too hard as to why he had all but fled the man’s office.
And that was when John saw him.
The problem was that John
John pulled his mouth away, sucking in oxygen. “Wait a minute-” he started to say, but his words were lost as the boy nipped at his lower lip. John’s mind was fuzzy with beer and lust and pulsing music, all of which had the effect of creating an otherworldly cloud around this moment. In this dreamlike state, John could only kiss back and moan. Then he felt a tug on his zipper.
When John didn’t look convinced, he let out a heavy sigh, and then began to explain: “No, see, look here…”  With rapid-fire speech, he explained to John why his methodology was superior. When John asked another question, he rolled his eyes so hard that John thought they would fall from his head, but he answered readily enough. Soon his previous reticence evaporated, and he continued a running commentary on the chemical reactions as he worked.
Sherlock did not appear offended. He continued to study John. “Perhaps deceptively so,” he said. “The ancient Celts thought the bee could act as a spirit messenger between our corporal world and the otherworld. The bee was thought to embody great wisdom and knowledge.”
This time John does laugh and he reaches out to Sherlock, snags him under the armpit, and tugs. Sherlock lets out a sound of protest, but he allows John to pull him until his head is resting on John’s lap.  He grumbles nastily under his breath, but then he rubs his cheek against John’s jeans. John finds a large curl right behind Sherlock’s ear and wraps it around his index finger. He releases this lock and searches for another, twirling Sherlock’s hair lazily. Sherlock says something under his breath that sounds like it could be an insult, but he relaxes into John’s hands. He doesn’t sleep, but he’s still and quiet, and they remain that way for the rest of the evening until John excuses himself to bed.
But once he arrived at Hogwarts, he found that simple spells took weeks for him to master. His diction and wand-work were perfect, while the magic slipped away like water. If one in five of his charms actually stuck, he was lucky. He understood the theory behind the magic, the motions and the words, and everyone agreed that when John performed a spell, it should work.
Tickled, John continues to pet Sherlock’s hair and is surprised fifteen minutes later when Sherlock begins to snore softly, having fallen asleep in his chair, long limbs akimbo and chin resting against his chest.
John searched Sherlock’s profile, trying to see some hint of the boy from the club. Sherlock worked swiftly, his movements graceful but quick. Sometimes John thought he saw something familiar - first when Sherlock licked his plush lower lip, and then when he stretched the graceful arch of his neck.
One week after moving in, John had offered his new flatmate tea and Sherlock had hummed in response. (John was learning the differences between these hums - there was the one that meant “yes,” the one that meant “no,” and even one that meant “I’m not listening to you and if you ask me later I won’t remember that you spoke to me at all.”)
Moriarty was not looking at him, having eyes only for Sherlock. Sherlock was angled away, but he must have seen something in John’s body language, because he stopped muttering spells, and his head cocked. He turned to stare at John.
Sherlock rushed into the hallway. He almost drifted into a wall, but he managed to keep his feet under him. The toilets were only five meters away - he could make it. Keeping one trembling hand on the wall, his legs moved seemingly on their own and without any direction from his brain. He just needed to stay vertical long enough to reach his goal.
John’s fingers spasmed and tightened their grip. His partner raised his arms over his head and leaned forward, his body curling like a snake’s, and his smooth cheek slid close to John’s temple. He smelled like mint and sweat and something else - maybe whiskey? - and definitely a little like sex, and he followed John’s movements with an unnatural sense, like he knew how John was going to move before John himself did.
Later that day, John took his lunch outside, hoping for some time alone with his thoughts. A few feet from the door, he stopped in his tracks. Perched on a bench under one of the trees in the courtyard was a familiar figure.
Harry let out a dramatic groan and slowly slumped across their small table.  “If you leave it up to him,” she said mournfully, “then he’ll still be sitting here tomorrow morning.” She gave John a beseeching look. “Come on, Johnny. One last night. One last chance to pull. You can do it. You can go back to being boring tomorrow.”
Molly continued to study the dessert. “The label says Victoria Sponge. That doesn’t look like Victoria Sponge to me.” She leaned back and sighed. “I need to lower my expectations in this cafeteria.”
He couldn’t concentrate. The notes were in Sherlock’s dramatic script, which made him think of Sherlock’s hands. The other boy had large hands, but his fingers were long and thin. Bird-boned, John thought - he’d heard his mum use that phrase. Sherlock had small calluses on his fingers, and John wondered if he played an instrument. He probably played it beautifully. John couldn’t imagine that Sherlock Holmes would play an instrument any other way but beautifully.
“He’s not that bad!” Molly insisted, glaring at Mike. “He’s super smart - like a genius. He’s just a bit of a …” She frowned again, as though searching for the right word.
John raised his shaking left hand and covered the one that Sherlock had rested against his chest. “I always thought there was something wrong with my magic,” he said. “I thought there was something wrong with
The room around them was unchanged - the pool was calm and the dim lights flickered lazily. No sign of the magical storm was visible.
“I think we’re going to be good,” John said cautiously.
Some things changed.
“I’m glad we’re here,” John says. “Not in Glasgow, I mean, or even in this bed. I just mean I’m glad you and me - we’re finally here. Together.”
And then Moriarity started to blow up bits of both Muggle and magical London. And that wasn’t fun.
Anderson’s face turned incredulous. “Are you kidding me? You can’t be friends with him. He’s nothing but a
“Those are all in the Panthera genus,” he said. “You think of my personality as having an affinity with a giant cat?”
Alcohol swab - once, twice, three times around the future puncture site.
doesn’t.
But John could only shake his head, and he felt his heart begin to race as an uncomfortable twist began to form in his stomach. He shook his head stubbornly, pinching his lips tightly together.
Two hours later, Sherlock had determined where the murderous brother-in-law was hiding. The man was holed up at one of his laundry businesses which was, ridiculously, the site of his money laundering operation.
The eyes, though - those were unchanged, John saw.  Even though his body language was stunted, his brilliant eyes were razor sharp as they peered around the classroom, flitting from student to student. Any moment, John thought, they would see him….
For the next twenty minutes, John was provided a haphazard tour of the campus as Mike pointed out important landmarks, random factoids (“Never use that loo - you don’t want to know what happened there two years ago”), and lazily quizzed John about his personal life.
John’s heart breaks, just a little, and he drops the supplies onto the bed so that he can crawl to Sherlock. He reaches for Sherlock’s head, cradling his jaw with both hands. “No,” he says. “
Sherlock took a heavy breath in and out.
It’s now Sherlock who pulls back, and his gaze focuses on John. A dark eyebrow raises and his voice, very much in contrast to his sex-mused appearance, is clipped. “John, while I find your caution towards my virtue quite chivalrous, I can assure you it is entirely unnecessary.” He cants his hips forward, and his erection presses against John’s hip, hot and heavy. “While I daresay I am less experienced than you in the matters of sexual conquest, rumors of my virginity are greatly exaggerated.”
“Do you think you could cast a protective shield around this? To contain potential fallout?” Sherlock asked. His voice was neutral, which John appreciated. He wasn’t judging John’s ability (or lack thereof) - he simply needed to know if John could manage the spell.
Harry was right.
“Yeah,” John said, and to his surprise, he found that he was. He ached, and he was sure that he could sleep for three days. He felt both nauseous and absolutely starving. But he was alive, and so was Sherlock.
Mouthing Sherlock’s throat, John trails his thumb downward, pressing briefly against the tight clench of muscle - and feeling it flutter - and then moves on. Back and forth he moves his thumb as he licks and bites at Sherlock’s neck. Sherlock has begun to pant, his ribs expanding and contracting, and John worries that the other man will hyperventilate.
John counted to ten and reminded himself that he loved his sister. “Look, it wasn’t like that. I … I liked him. I tried to get his number, but he left the club before I could.”
They race down a fire escape, the cold air sharp in their lungs as they give chase to their prey, Sherlock racing ahead of the security detail and John catching up, and then they are side by side, Sherlock and John, John and Sherlock. It’s the two of them, just them, against the world.
Moriarity was thrown backwards three meters, his limp body skidding across the pool floor until it came to rest in an undignified heap.  He lay still, unconscious and harmless.
As far as the Ministry could tell, Moriarty had not been in Voldemort’s inner circle. He had been a nobody, seemingly content to hide inside the deep shadows cast by the Dark Lord. Now the light of day was shining on his intricate webs, and even the Aurors seemed uneasy. Voldemort’s mission of wizard supremacy had been prejudiced and terrible, John thought, but at least there had been a method to his madness. Moriarity, it appeared, just wanted the world to burn.
Sherlock blinked.  Why was John worried about that? “It’s fine,” he said, starting to shake his head and then thinking better of it when the ache between his eyes started to become a throbbing ice pick. “I simply meant that the effects of the chloroform were unpleasant, but entirely expected.” He peered more carefully at John. “You appear no worse for the wear.”
At first, it wasn’t bad, exactly. But it was so much, and how could Sherlock respond to the touch on his right cheek when Victor’s hand was then moving to his belt? How could he answer what he wanted when he wasn’t even sure what Victor was offering?  It had been years since the last time too much sensory input overwhelmed Sherlock’s calm, but now there was too much to taste, smell, and feel. He was unable to deduce what Victor would do next, and he did not understand how his own body responded.
John peered into Sherlock’s face and wondered about the proper manners for a situation like this. Should he thank Sherlock? Should they just go their separate ways immediately? Part of John felt tawdry and cheap - he’d just gotten off in a supply closet for God’s sake! - but an even bigger part of him felt alive, thrumming with energy and wonder.
The murderer didn’t have a chance to interrupt, which was for the best - Sherlock had a much better sense of storytelling anyway. The murderer
The confident image from the club was gone.
“Is it?” John asked, giving her a crooked grin.
She laughed. “Okay, no probably not. It seemed like the right thing to say.”  She touched his arm.
Moriarity’s throat clicked, a word half formed, and then he fell silent, looking around the room slowly.
From the doorway, Lestrade glares at Sherlock’s supine form.
It went without saying that Sherlock Holmes was a frequent visitor to the hospitals of London. Before John, if a wound could not be addressed with steri-strips, he would make the trip for sutures. After John had joined him as a colleague, the trips had lessened - simple injuries could now be addressed at home when one lived with a doctor.
Smiling so hard that his eyes almost disappeared under the assault of his cheeks, Mike led John away.
John grins. Sherlock blinks in response and then cocks his head. He looks so confused that John almost laughs, but he holds it in, knowing Sherlock likely won’t respond well. A lifetime spent with other people - fools, John thinks - has taught him that laughter around him is often laughter
He had made it through the night.
Sherlock raises his head and glares at John, but his wild hair and blushed cheeks blunt its effect. “I bought condoms and lube. I put them in your luggage. Do try and keep up.”
John, staring at his soup, nodded and said, “Sure, that sounds like a good idea.”
John crosses the room in five long strides and watches Sherlock’s face as rests his hands on Sherlock’s narrow hips. Through the fine wool pants, Sherlock’s body is warm, and John splays his fingers wide to absorb the heat. Sherlock continues to blink, and John thinks it’s like the processor that is Sherlock’s brain has hit an error and is glitching.
John fights the urge to throttle Sherlock. He reminds himself that Sherlock is simply overwhelmed. Sherlock isn’t complaining about the hospital blankets because he’s a snob … well, John amends, it’s not
Sometimes they hold hands in the morning after breakfast, John flipping newspaper pages with his free hand and Sherlock idly scrolling through his phone with his.
“A bit of a know-it-all,” Mike supplied.
“John, you’re fussing.” Sherlock shifts, bending one knee and then the other. The heels of his shoes drag across the cement and he plants his feet. John keeps a heavy hand on Sherlock’s shoulder and thinks longingly of how still and pliant an unconscious Sherlock is. He winces a little at this uncharitable thought.
“Well,” John said, “I’ve found his company far more pleasant than the company of others at this school.” He turned and stormed away, his cake forgotten.  He was suddenly too angry to eat, and the cafeteria felt too hot.
Molly was poking the lumpy mass on her lunch tray with her fork.  “Do you think this was ever organic matter?” she asked, frowning a little. “It’s listed as meatloaf, but I’m unconvinced.”
John blinked at his teacup.  “I don’t know, Sherlock,” he said, turning around and deciding that if he was going to do this, he’d face the other man.
“Okay?” John asked, swallowing past the dryness in his throat.
“Want to do it again tomorrow before we leave for London?” he asks. “If you’re not too sore, of course,” he hurries to add. It feels cowardly to ask this way - to hint at whether Sherlock wants this to be a one time thing or not. John doesn’t think it will be, but he can’t help the whisper of doubt in his chest.
But John suspected he had good reason to be. As the period went by, John began to suspect that his own presence for the experiment was largely redundant. He acted as little more than a glorified assistant, grabbing ingredients when Sherlock gestured to them, and offering his aid when Sherlock needed a second set of hands.
Sherlock was surprised to find that he didn’t hate Victor’s company. Victor wasn’t a complete bore, and his smile was easy, even if Sherlock rarely returned one of his own. And when Sherlock walked into the lab, or library, or coffee shop, Victor’s eyes would light up as if he was genuinely happy to see Sherlock.
John sighed. “I’m eating with a friend,” he said. “It’s what, you know, people do.”
Swallowing against the dryness of his throat, Sherlock managed to croak out: “You’re here.”
John grabbed Anderson by the shoulders and yanked hard, side stepping so that Anderson fell on his rear a few feet behind John. Now John was between Sherlock and the other boys, exactly where he wanted to be. Keeping his back to Sherlock, he bounced on the balls of his feet, his fists up and ready.
He walks up behind Sherlock, making no effort to disguise his approach. Sherlock does not turn and look at him, but his voice grows lower and he talks even faster, working himself into a fit. John doesn’t think about the other members of the Yard around them, and he intentionally keeps his back to Anderson and ignores Lestrade’s attempts to catch his eye.
John looked away.
“Oh!” Sherlock stands suddenly, and John’s hand falls away. Sherlock spins. His lips are parted in a wide expression of revelation and his eyes are bright when they meet John’s. “The dog walker!” he says, grabbing John’s shoulders in both large hands. His goofy smile, the one John has begun to think of as his own, is back.
John padded into the kitchen, yawning and scratching his belly through his thin T-shirt, and he turned on the kettle. He then jumped when Sherlock suddenly spoke from directly over his right shoulder. The man could be a walking disaster - usually late at night when John was trying to sleep - but he could also walk as quietly as a cat.
“Do I need to tell Mrs. Hudson to evacuate the building?” John asked. It would not be the first time he had had to do so.
John’s bark of laughter was incredulous.
Oh, John thought. This was better than magic
John winced. “Okay, fine, yes, I flirted with her. I like to flirt.”  He grabbed Sherlock’s drink so that he could take a fortifying gulp, and then he set the bottle on the ground.  He steadied his shoulders. “But flirting with some pretty girl at a rugby game - that’s just a bit of harmless fun. I don’t feel anything for Sarah Sawyer like what I feel for you.”
Sherlock turned sharply on his stool, his eyes suddenly boring into John’s. John sucked in a deep breath. Sherlock’s gaze was just as penetrating as John had remembered, and once again he felt like the other boy was staring through his skin and bones and into his mind. He wondered what Sherlock could see.
"It was nothing," he said again, but more fiercely.  "I've got to go."  He slung his bag over his shoulder and hurried away, pausing only to dump his unfinished lunch in the bin.
John is flummoxed. “We don’t even have...”
But sometimes, John wondered if he was missing something. It nagged at him at the strangest times, in the midst of a chase or before he and Sherlock broke from their hiding spot to confront the nefarious potions master or murderous necromancer or whomever. John would sneak looks at Sherlock, who was his colleague, his flatmate, his friend… And he would wonder: was it selfish of him to wish they could be something more?
“Look, mate, you can’t keep doing this. I don’t know how you find out about these cases, but it’s not your job, you see? Why don’t you let us handle this?”
The pit in John’s stomach, which had been growing and aching for the past week, finally loosened a smidge. John smiled hesitantly at Sherlock. “Come on,” he said. “The school nurse should have some ice.”
John licked his lips, and the other boy’s gaze briefly flickered down, and then returned to meet John’s stare. A single dark eyebrow lifted, but the face - the beautiful face, John thought absently - remained cool and impartial as glass.
John had never seen someone who looked like this boy.  He wasn’t exactly handsome, at least not in the traditional sense, but his face was striking, and the combination of his unusual features gave him a peculiar sort of beauty from which John couldn’t pull his gaze.  John suddenly thought of his grandma, gone ten years now, and the stories she’d tell of impossible beings who lived in the Highlands. He seemed unreal.
He wasn’t powerful in strength, but his use of magic was flawless, as though magic was just another part of his body for him to direct with perfect command.
Stepping up to Sherlock’s bedside, John hesitantly reaches out. Sherlock seems to sense this movement, and before John reaches him, he freezes, his shoulder drawing up towards his ears and his mouth twisting into an ugly moue.
John decided that he didn’t care what the etiquette was. He leaned forward to press his lips against Sherlock’s. For a moment, Sherlock didn’t move - he didn’t seem to even breath - and then he released a mighty exhale, and his lips began to move against John’s. John smiled into the kiss.
“You should stay away from him.”
“Excuse me,” John said, frowning at his suddenly empty hands and then at Sherlock, who - of course - did not respond. But then as John began to take notes in their lab notebook, Sherlock was suddenly crowding him, peering critically over John’s shoulder for all of fifteen seconds before manhandling the book away.
John’s hands squeezed his own and his face became impossibly more loving. “Yeah,” he said, stroking the soft skin of Sherlock’s inner wrist with one thumb. “I’ll always be here when you wake up.”
Mycroft had watched his little brother fall with an overwhelming sense of helpless fury. He had dropped his book and taken a single step forward when he heard the crack of the branch. In the time it took him to perform these two actions, Sherlock had hit two other branches coming down, breaking his wrist so badly that surgical pins would be necessary to reset the bones, and then landed in a limp heap five feet from where his horrified older brother stood.
She hadn’t liked it very much when Sherlock informed her of this.
Licking his lips, John reached out slowly. Sherlock’s hand, the one not holding the bottle to his cheek, lay limp in his lap. As John approached, this hand twitched, but Sherlock didn’t move away.  Oh-so-slowly, John rested three fingers on the back of Sherlock’s hand.
Some thirty yards away, in the shadows cast by the gymnasium, there was a slim figure. He was leaning against the brick wall of the building, dark and solitary. Above his mess of dark curls floated the wispy trail of smoke from a cigarette.
“Relax, Johnny!” Harry reached over to grab his wrist a little too tightly.  “It’s your last night of freedom, you’re finally in the city, and the night is young. You should enjoy yourself.”
He thought about his friends in Chelmsford. He thought about James Sholto and his old rugby team. Practice would begin in a couple days. A few of them would probably text John soon, if not today then later this week. John would text them back, and this would continue for the next few months, but by Christmas holiday, John knew that the texts would begin to dwindle. Time would play its trump card, and John would become a smiling face in their old photographs, something relegated to the past.
“Stupify!”
And then Victor groaned, and his tongue slid into Sherlock’s mouth. The gentleness evaporated, and Sherlock’s hands, which had been hovering a scant distance from Victor’s shoulders, froze at the sudden invasion. Victor, not noticing his friend’s recalcitrance, began to move forward, forcing Sherlock to walk jerkily backwards.
Sighing the sigh of the truly betrayed, Sherlock made to stand, turning as he did to look for an empty desk to use. Before he could locate the desk, however, a familiar coldness began in his fingertips.
The detective suddenly wrenches himself away and is noisily sick. John can do nothing but wince and rub Sherlock’s back, waiting for the storm to subside. When it seems that Sherlock has nothing left to expel from his stomach - not that he had much in there to begin with, John thinks unhappily - he gently pulls Sherlock away from the mess and settles his head back on his own thighs.
"Great!'' I exclame happily "It is about time I get out of that bad escuse of a place I call a home. I gues it is time for a new beginning"
"Who was that boy? The one with the big hair, the one who was out of the class so quickly'' John asked, unsure about wheter or not he should have asked him at all
"I know'' he says.
“I am…” Sherlock lifts his eyes to Scott briefly, then slides them away, feeling the sting of the open hurt and disappointment in their depths. “It was not my intention to keep this from you forever but… it is… complex.” He strides over to the wall that has photograph and looks at it for a second, not  having the courage to turn around and face his friend.
"That would seem so''. I said with a grin on my face. "Still. I don't understand how it is even possible that I healed in such a short time. I gues sometimes the world remains an impenetrable mystery. But before this, to me, it was like an open book. This event that happend to me today goes in stride with the hard logic, I once found to depent on''. I say while I glance sadly to the sky above me. I never believed in stories about fairy tales, wizards or the power of believe. But now the evidence of it is right in front of me. or rather attached to me.
"Like I said, my dear friend, it's a rather long story and you may not like the things you will hear about me. I haven't always been the man that I am on this day. We all have a past that haunts us on our every sunny day and I don't want your emotion to cloud your judgement.''
"Incapable of dying? But that must make you a-''
"Well looks like we are stuck with each other then''
Sherlock takes a deep sigh and rolles his eyes. And people call him a drama queen. As Sherlock returns to his position on the coutch and returns to ignoring John, John grabs his jacket and leaves the apartment. Finally, Sherlock stands up and paces to the window seeing if his friend really leaves or comes back to sulk a bit more at him. When John leaves his sight he retreats himself to the calander hanging on the wall. It is almost time again... He really needs to work this out John can never know about this... about him.
Sherlock takes a deep sigh '' Lestrade I thought you said this was an 8!'' He almost exclaims "This is nothing more than a bloody  4!'' Sherlock says as he stands up and puts his tools back in his Bellstaff. "It was the brother ofcourse'' Sherlock says as he walks a bit away from the body '' idiots'' he mutters to himself. But John didn't seem to think of it as a 4 because the minute sherlock spatted out his deductions he flattered him with some ''brilliants!''. This made Sherlock's cheecks flutter with a crimson blush.
"Oi!'' lestrade says as he walks down the stairs once more.
Sherlock let's out a huff.
John could see Sherlock's mouth open, trying to form words he couldn't find. John decides to do something about it and he stood up, stretching out his hand
"You? You would want to look at apartments with... me?''
He looked out of the window, they lived in the what you could call, 'the poor part' of town, something wich John didn't mind, because just outside of his window he could see it, this great big forest stretching out on days on end. The beautiful green that would soon start to turn into all different kinds of orange, red and yellow. He loved the nature, and was happy he got the room with the best vieuw, it might be the smallest of the house, but he forgets all about that just by looking at the forest.
"I- I can't'' Sherlock says a bit dissapointed.
"Can you keep those away from me?" asked the girl sitting beside him, as she pushed her chair away, looking down at the frog in disgust. In her defense, they were rather close to her, and she did have to endure each and every one of his experiments, but Sherlock had told her many a time to squeeze herself into another table setting if it bothered her so much.
"I don't think I got much choice do I?'' I ask with a smirk on my face.
"Yes you were!" he says while standing up and making his way to the kitchen. Probably to make himself a cuppa.
chemistry was his first class today, and when he finally found the right room he could already see through the glass of the door that most of the seats were already taken. He let out a quit sigh, picking up all of his courage and opened the door.
"That is the Sherlock I know'' I say
"UPSET?'' Scott exclaimed, letting out a small annoyed laugh. "why would I be upset?! My best friend whom I tell EVERYTHING kept such a huge secret for me. Why on mother earth would I be upset!'' he exclamed once more.
"Maybe you are immortal'' I try to bring to him.
"Oh piss off''' he said, bit louder than intended.
"So, about what you are-'' he stopped a second, thinking about the words he is going to use next '' I don't care, forget what I said, I already know what you are, and what you are Sherlock, is amazing.'' John said with care. ''That's all I need to know about you, that's good enough for me. We can forget about that night in the woods completely if you want to''
“What the hell is this?” Scott’s voice is tight and steady but the photo in his hand trembles as he holds it out towards Sherlock. He is sitting on the edge of Sherlock’s bed.
"Fine then'' I sigh. "I still think you should do something with it"I mummble.
"Hmhh" is the only sound that now leaves his lips.
"I saw you" He says almost out of breath "That night I saw you, in the woods''
As he turned around he could see mike standing behind him, a friendly smile on his face ''Since you're new here, how about you go to lunch with me and my friends?'' Mike offered.
''God..." John said as he focussed on the bullet wound in disgust.
"NO, no John! No wizards do not be so dull and stupid!" he exclamed.
"That is amazing Sherlock!'' John compliments him once more.
"Why not have some nice biscuits and tea while we are on it!''
John stared at the bullet wound on the man's right leg for a minute before leaning over the soldier and carefully peeling away the shredded fabric from around the bullet entry wound.
"I think you might be right John'' He states with a smile on his face "I think you might just be right'' he mummbles into himself.
Sherlock only rolled his eyes.
"In the name of the lord what is this!'' the stranger shrieks.
"Sherlock? Are you alright?'' John says letting himself sit down in the chair oppesite. There is no responce.
"HEY MATE!" I look behind me and see some of my fellow soldiers making their way out of the camp. The one who called me waves his hand for me to follow along. I quickly stand up and run as fast as I can. Once I'm with my fellow soldiers I can't help but notice that we are clearly outnumberd and we do not stand a chance against the enemy.
"Are you looking for someone?'' Molly asked
"John".
"What did I tell you about Idiotic-''
At this moment I see the man turning around with a confused look on his face. God... it really is him! The bastard did made it out alive after all! I keep running towards him and once I reach the man I take him into a propor embrace.
"Sherlock?'' he placed a hand on the boy's shoulder and that seemed to wake him up a bit as his face returned to normal ''you okay?''
"As I expected" Sherlock said.
John quickly flew his backpack over his shoulder as he made his way to the door.
John wasn't so sure how he felt about any of this.
I take a deep sigh "Okay, maybe yeah'' I almost mummble to myself.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"Well my fellow, whatever this mystery is I would he honored to solve it with you''. He says as we stand still. Why are we standing still? I check my surroundings. Ah... this must be his tent.
He looks up at a silent John once more ''So I say this. In all my life, till I met you, I never had a friend''
"Oi! There is no way in hell you heard what I just said!'' I exclame almost offended.
"I- Just'' John swallows '' I don't know really it is just not a healthy habbit, Sherlock'' John let's out with the slightest blush on his cheeks
Scott looked at his friend and couldn't help but do the same.
Tears are rolling down Johns cheecks as he closes the front door and makes his way up the stairs once more... when he enters the common room he let himself fall down on the floor placing his face in his cold hands and lets out a sob. As the tears are filling up his hands he looks up and let his eyes wander to his bedroom door. He doesn't hesitate and gets up taking four long strides before reaching the bedroom door. As he enters the room he goes directly to the drawer besides his bed and opens it hastly. There in his old wooden drawer lays his revolver. He takes it in his hands as he looks at it closely. So many man he killed with this... so many friends he could have saved with it. He let himself fall on his bed and looks up at the celling. He takes a deep sigh. When does the path we walk on lock around our feet? When does the road become a river with only one destination? Dead waits for us all in the end. And sooner or later we all have to face its beauty and horror. He clenches the gun in his hand. Where did this all go wrong? He rolls over to his side and looks out of the window. The rain tickling down the glass wich forms a Reassuring sound. Once more he lays his eyes on the gun in his hand. He can't do this. This life that was given to him, he can not waste it. My soldier friends. Who died for me, with their dead the have put a value on my life. One I do not know how to repay. But dead is not the answer. So I carefully put the revolver back into the drawer with a long holding sigh. As I look out of my bedroom window I see the rain has stopped. I can't help but let a out a little laugh. And as I straighten my back and walk back to the common room I can't help but wonder that maybe this will be a new beginning for me.
"Like I haven't done that before'' Sherlock said as he hanged up his coat and made his way to his chair.
"Hmmh?'' sherlock responces not looking away from the dartling rain.
Sherlock looks up to the sky and sees some grey clouds above them. Crap, he was so taking into all the crime scene stuff he did not pay any attention to the weather.
As I wake up and hear some vague screams from outside of my tent I can't help to wonder what in hell is going on. I look upon my pocket watch and see it is still to early. I pick up my revolver and make my way out of my tent carefully. What I see next makes me horrified. The enemy has ambushed us in our sleep and all I can see are wounded soldiers who let out cries of pain and raging fires. I make my way over to one trying to help. But I do not succeed as the soldier dies in my arms. I pick up my revolver once more and make my way to the closest hiding place not wanting to have the same faith as the poor fellow. Next to me there comes another bloke. He is in his early twenties maybe even younger, I can't tell. I look at his face and can't help to notice that it is white as dead, and the fear in his eyes will haunt me forever.
After 1 hour the rain finally stopped tip tapping on the cover of the container and after 2 more my tail dissapeared and made room for 2 long legs.
"I'm John Watson''.
Molly? A crush on Sherlock? Did he like her back? Why was he thinking this anyway?
Sometimes you need to take a step back, to take one forward. But those words of reassurance mean nothing in times of war. Every miss step could mean your dead. And so, the sun blazes down on the Afghan sand, yet even in the 37 degrees I can feel the cold sand grow darker beneath me. Here in the second Afghan war I lay with nothing but dead surrounding me and bullets passing me by ever so quickly. My hair quickly becomes matted with blood, sticking to my skin in discomferd. I can feel the ache of pain all over my body and I know I'm running out of time and I feel myself slowly slip into unconsiousness. By this thought I get overloaded with a sence of peace. Die a hero. No more pain. No more fighting, knowing I can finally rest.
''Look, I never found it relevant to tell you about-''
"The name is Sherlock Holmes''
"Uhg, helping people. Dull.'' he says as he lets himself sink into his chair, staring at the celling.
Sherlock took a deep sigh as he looked around his apartment. It looked the same as always. The same chairs, the same smile face on the wall and the same eyeballs in the fridge (he should really get those out some time soon) The sound of the door slamming shut echoed and resonated through the apartment. The strength of it was such that anyone would expect the weather to be accordingly violent - but the sun was shining and the air cool. Sherlock turned his head to see the sorce of the sound. John. Ofcourse it was John it always has been...
"How-'' I tried to speak but I was once more cut off by the man.
Sore feet thudded heavily on the sand as John ran, kicking up clouds of fine sand behind him. ''For god sake I should have never signed up for this mess'' he muttered to himself as he ran away from the bullet rain. He should have never thought he could go out on his own, leaving his compagnions, his fellow soldiers behind. But his studborn brain had other plans for him. now here you are he thought by himself. You got yourself in this bloody mess and-. What is that? Just 30 feet infront of him he sees a man in his mid twenties lying on the ground.
"Sherlock, come site with us mate!'' Mike said before turning to face John, whispering: "Molly kind of got a crush on him''
Pov Sherlock
"Well look at the time'' I say as I put it back into my pocket. "I think it is time for me to go back to my apartment''
The first few weeks went by without any fuss going on. Sherlock was very busy looking for a job when finally,scotland yard offered him a job because apperantly, my dear flatmate Sherlock Holmes likes to solve murders in his free time, something the police got a hold off and were now offering him a job as a detective, wich he at first rejected. After some talk of the detective in lead, a fellow called Lestrade, he said he would like to be a consolting detective and not just a normal detective or as he stated it: BORING. I myself can not yet see myself addapting to a new job because I am still getting to terms with my nightmares and night terrors about the war. I spent my days reading books and at some point I got bored. I thought back to when Sherlock was shot and survived all of it. We still had not figured out how it was possible that he was still alive. And that to say, I did not really thought about it again till now. So my curiosity took the better of me one night whilst sitting by the fire place. Me reading a book and brooks smoking his pipe.
Hello guys,hope you like this story so far, like I said before, it is my first time writing a fanfic, I would love some feedback!:)
He let out a sigh as he takes another look at himself in the mirror.
Sherlock Holmes was not stupid.
His mother returned with a weak smile and then looked down at the ground in concern. John let's out a sigh, he get's it that his mother is worried about him, but he can't stay in the house all day, he needs the air, the exitement, the blood pumping through his vains as he walks into the unknown.
And now next to me, a man I hardly, know anything of. Found it in himself to accept me. I never had a friend, I never found it relevant to have any friends. It brings out to many emotions, attachements wich I am not keen of. But, maybe, for once I could let someone in.
John could feel a blush hitting his cheeks. Why was he blushing? "I - er'' he clears his throath ''No, no not expecting anyone, just taking it all in, first day you know'' He tries to save himself.
"Alright then. I must say I have had my eye on a nice comfy apartment in centre of London for a while now. I think togheter we will be able to afford it.''
"Sherlock. Maybe it is time we discussed the fact that you, even though you got shot. TWICE in this case. That you are still alive!'' I point out.
I take out an annoying huff and let the silence take over the room once more. As I clear my throath I try to break the silence once more.
Just as Sherlock is sulking over John he hears some footsteps on the staircase.
"But what about the other soldiers?" I ask while my mind drifts of to my new friend, sherlock.
Sherlock let's out nothing more then a groan and starts facing the wall. Normally he would love to go on a case, the trill of the chase, the blood pumping through his veins! But he knows he can't go right now. To much of a risk.
As Sherlock sat down in his chair he looks up at John, his John who is shouting at him out of fustration? no, something more... sentiment. Worry? oh... He is worried about me. Sherlock shifts awkwardly in his chair. John worried about me?
Sherlock rappedly blinks at Scott's words. The only other person who ever told that he was such a thing is John...
Scott sits down again with a thump that gives the impression it was not quite voluntary. “No… but… that’s impossible.”
Sherlock stops death in his tracks, making John walk into on Sherlock and almost falls onto the ground.
Nothing. Not a flinch.
"Alive? Well that's still to question! we are still on enemies terrene Holmes!''
Now it is John's time to blink a few times.
Chemistry was Sherlock's favourite course, which meant very little considering he never paid attention to the lecture. The experiments, too, were dull, only because he had done the majority of them in his childhood, long before even entertaining the idea of going to an actual school.
John let's out a sad smile as his eyes lock with that of Sherlock. "Sherlock, I know it hasn't been long, but- I want you to know, all those things you make yourself believe you are, a machine, a freak. Those things aren't you. Those things don't define you, you are special, Sherlock. You see worlds where others see only darkness. You see the impossible, the things that can't be explained and like I said, I don't know you for very long yet, but still. I find you special and I want to be your friend as long as you will be mine'' He says with a smile, Sherlock returning it with a weak smile also.
I hastly check the fields around us scanning for a safe way out of this blood bath while suddenly something pops up my mind.
Sherlock blinks rappidly and John looks at him in confusion.
He opens the front door and walks out of it after saying his goodbyes to his family.
"I will see you around'' he says as he salutes me and retires into his tent.
Sherlock looks up to from behind his cuppa tea.
"110 procent'' He says with a possitive small. "I'll be fine'' he smiled brightly at her.
After John got up after again a sleepless night full off nightmares and screaming he wanderd around his little apartment looking for a purpose to get out of the house. When he saw he was out of milk he took a deep sigh and got his coat wich he lazely had trown on the floor the night before. He walked down the stairs and opened the door wich let to the outside world. It was raining, which wasn’t unusual for London. Not at all. The water fell around John, splattering in large droplets against the darkened pavement, running in rivers along the street curbs. Running a pinkish hue just by…
''Scott?''
My friend flushes up with pleasure of my words, knowing now, that he is very sensitive to flattery like a woman of her Appearance.
"Oi Sherlock! How you doing?'' Lestrade says as he enters 221b.
"Huh, wha-''
John quickly turned around to see Sherlock rolling his eyes and about the leave, as quickly as he came before-
Those eyes
John? No, his footsteps are more light and have got more of a pace to them. No these are Graham's, Gavin's? Case then, splendid! Just what he needs when he is in his merman week.
Nothing. Not a flinch.
Sherlock focus his gaze on John's hand before locking eyes with John.
I should have known life is rarely so kind.
John happily accepts the eggs and starts working them inside ''Yes'' he says, eggs still filling his mouth.
read notes
John's blood ran cold for a minute and then, fear set in. There was no one around for miles, that he was aware of. This boy could, what? Eat, bite, drink him to? Immediately, he thought about how long it would take to reach his home even not knowing where he was exactly, to reach mum, Harry, anyone! Every muscle in his body urging him towards the safety of home. But he couldn't move as the icy stare from the boy still focussed on him. John swallow thickly and thought everything might end right here, right now. He closed his eyes, not wanting to see what would happen to him, but after some time, nothing happend. And as he slowly opened his eyes, he saw that the boy was gone. All that was left is the dead animal laying infront of him. John looked at the deer. Something in those green eyes, made him feel sick. Knowing what just had happend to it. He felt sorry for the animal but he knew he couldn't stay there anylonger for a wild boy was on the lose.
Sherlock blows out the smoke like a fire breathing dragon. "I myself, my dear friend. Have given it some thoughts and placed the facts on one line.'' He takes another inhale of his pipe and blows it out with all the ease in the world '' and I might think that I am Incapable of dying'' Sherlock says as he stares coldy into the raging flames.
"Right" John says turning his head to the windows "Right"
'' 167'' Sherlock sad with a cold voice.
"Hey, I am John Watson, nice to meet you, Sherlock'' He let's out
"Your absolutly right''
"No use they should be all dead by now" Another one says with a sad voice.
As I take my pocket watch out of my to big coat I see it is already time for supper.
There was something about his eyes, they were different now, they were blue. Not a fire-engine red or a cornstalk yellow like they were before, no. His eyes were blue but not just blue, blue beyond blue like the sky on a sunny day. A blue he could spread his wings in and fly away forever. That blue devoured John. And suddenly, all his doubt in his life, all his fear and worries seemed nothing, compared to that blue, a blue beyond blue that would change the rhythm of his heart and make it skip just a little to fast. John started to understand the impossible, the unknown, just by those capturing eyes. Never did he thought he would fall this quickly, never in his life, he felt so sure about something like now.
I look in disbelieve at the scene infront of my eyes as the fellow drops dead infront of me. I feel disgusted at the blood and try to face away not knowing what to do next.
Sherlock, not paying attention to any of John's words, takes a closer look at his face. What had been causing this sudden outburst? The bags under his eyes indicate the lack of sleep. Not something to be this mad about to. Move on then, there is a slight twitching of his eyes, annoyed then. But about what? Sherlock lifts himself on his elbows and takes a look at the kitchen. Ahh... he must have found the brains next to the meatballs, hopefully he didn't eat them, but then again it can be a common mistake.
I can see a smile lighting up his features.
"Nothing will ever happen to me'' I mutter to myself as I put my hands in my victorian attire. I let my mind wonder of looking for a distraction off this dull life. His mind came to set on his old friend or better to say dead friend, John. Because let's be honest there is no possibility he survived the ambush. I can't help but be annoyed by my thougths. I smack my head trying to change the subject but it doesn't works. I sigh and stand up. I wish I would have never attended the british army this friendship has made me weak. At that point I stand up and make myself ready to once more stride through the streets of London.
Sherlock can not help but feel his stomach turn at John's words... in a good way though. John cares about me is all that is going on inside his head.
"Yeah sure, why not? I mean it is time for me to move on from the war and sharing a place with a friend can not be all that bad, can it?'' I say with a fond smile crossing my lips.
John went over to his desk, sitting down on his old wooden chair with a creak.
"That sounds good to me dear fellow''. I say with a fond smile.
He let the suitcases drop unceremoniously to the floor, wincing at the thunderous sound. Maybe for the best if he started unpacking now or he will regret it later on when he wants to go to sleep. With a sigh he lowered himself down to his suitcase and starts zipping open the blue fabric. Nothing remarkable was in it, just a few pair of clothes, socks and pants. He glances at the insides of his suitcase and let's out a huff.
John could see the pannick rising in Sherlock. So he also rememberd him then, he smiled at the thought, good.
My compagnion's features broaded into a grin ''But I am more than ready to find out. Like you said in Afghan my dear Watson. You would love to help me figure out how I survived that bullet wound. I should let you know the same happend to me at the ambush. I got shot. In the chest non the less. I was in no means to survive such wound. But I did. The next morning I woke up with my health completely in tact. The bullet wound again, Disappeared.''
