Ultimately, his mind was made up with the resolution that this – his transition – wasn’t what he wanted, it was what he needed. He couldn’t go on like this. Couldn’t stand another sleepless night, couldn’t stand the self-hatred, the urge to pick and carve at himself like his skin was chunks of clay that he could mould into the image of who he was at his core.
There was another beat of silence before Sherlock continued. But every moment of silence was a riot of upset voices in Hamish's head, sending him into a panic that he tried to squash down.
“Oh, my dear Watson,” Holmes breathed.  “Why do you do anything?”
might have been troubled by the interview with Hopkins, but I still did not believe Holmes was except on my behalf, so it was not the police he worried about.
I swallowed.  “What you are looking at, Holmes, is a much more interesting question.”
“I know even you must sometimes make inferences.”
only a friend to her then.  Could..."  He hesitated, then drew inconceivably closer.  "Could such a friend really have been in ignorance?”  His tongue flicked out over his lips.  “Or are such feelings a declaration in themselves?  Surely... surely no one with so devoted a follower can be entirely blind to it.”
“I am not sure I went so far.”
“Not such a man,” Holmes said.  He collapsed back into his chair as if his energy had left him again all in a rush.  His voice was very tender, suddenly.  “Not such a love.”
“Your faith in that regard is worth more to me than almost anything,” I replied.  “But you may be assured- when I think of you, and I think of you telling me you never wish to see me again, there is very little base in this world of which I do not become immediately capable.  No cowardice.  No weakness.  No duplicity.”
I watched him from across the table until finally Holmes said, “You are treading very carefully, Watson.”  He sighed.  “I am sorry for it.”
The smile widened but grew more pained.  It was an aching thing, and I ached to see it.  I let myself.  “And then?” he asked.
“Perhaps not,” he agreed.  When his talk came easily but with such a prickly light in his eyes, it was always best to anticipate some crisis.  “But you will agree to a marked improvement?”
.  “Why?” I whispered.
“No,” Holmes said, still so close, still watching me with hawk eyes shining brightly above his hawk nose.  “A gravedigger may change his occupation.”
was different.  I was, as I had thought last night,
I spent a while noticing how the light cast a dark shadow of lashes across his cheek, and how his hair fell across his forehead, just slightly damp from the night’s exertions, and eventually I slept, knowing we would have to speak in the morning.
It was all so very clear to me, suddenly- in the same way I fancied it all was to him when he scented some crime or other.  The shield of silence must have been as important to Holmes as it had been to me- and yet as I had just considered, he hated to leave a mystery unsolved or a question unanswered.  Into that uncertainty came Captain Crocker, who said the words which might well have been written on Holmes’ soul as deeply as they were on mine.  That friendship, if it could be nothing else, was enough.  So Holmes used it to risk being a little more plain- plain enough that I understood he was not really talking of Crocker at all, though not so plain that I did not still mistake his meaning.  And he, seeing that I understood- as I thought I did- had believed he had his answer.  God in heaven- I had even thought myself so wise and understanding as I told him he could not hope that I could ever come to love him back.  Oh, certainly he too had made assumptions.  He too must have twisted the threads furnished him into the most abominable knots thinking he already knew the truth.  But while he set himself against all the worst things that beset mankind, I was the one who had made a study of him only.  I should have done better.  I would do, from now on, and would have before if I had not been so convinced he could not love me.
“I believe you.  Nevertheless, I fear you have been right.”  I lifted my hand to trace the line of his cheek.  “Holmes.”  It was distinctly difficult to breathe as my thumb slid across his firm lip and his eyes drifted closed.  “Our agreement-”
, perhaps- though I tried not to say much when I was afraid for him; undoubtedly I would say all the wrong things.
Hopkins all but crowed.  “Exactly, Doctor Watson!”  He leaned in confidentially.  “And do you want to hear the neatest touch of all?” he asked.
As I had hoped, he smiled.  “I shall take that as a compliment, though I am not sure it entirely is one.”  I had returned to my stitches by then and was nearly finished.  I caught a wince on that dear face, but it quickly faded into a little smile.  “Now, where was I?”
“If you wish to talk more-” I said uncertainly- “now or later-”
“Perhaps.”  Holmes’ expression was complex.  A new light seemed to flare in them while at the same time another went out.  “Such things can... grow, I suppose.”
Holmes shrugged, somewhat apologetically.
a man somewhat distant in expression, and I would not ask him to be other than he was.  Probably there would be times yet to come when that distance made me doubt him again- but nevertheless I would take what he could give gladly, as I always had.  That I might have, all accidentally, advised him to hide what he did feel would have been laughable if it wasn’t so sad.  I remembered the conversation which began all this.  I had asked once, not really believing it, if he was distressed that two people in love had mistakenly hurt themselves and each other.  Realizing now that Holmes and I had been such a pair I was terribly distressed- but the remedy was in my hands, right where Holmes had put it when he tried to determine if I knew he loved me, and if so how and why I intended to keep quiet about it forever.
“I took it willingly," I said.  "There’s very little I would not do for you.”
“I do.”  My hands- hands that had been steady surrounded by gunfire and blood- briefly trembled too much to finish the task he spoke of, so I paused.  “May I?” I asked, indicating his half-drained brandy glass.
“I believe so,” I said.  And though I did appreciate his efforts not to strike me- I knew well the strength in that lithe frame and did not wish to know any better- I was tempted to tell him that I would not mind if he cried out or wept.  But I knew he controlled himself for his benefit as much as mine, so instead I said, “Indeed, though I would hardly have thought it possible, you seem more erudite than ever.”
“When you said that you were my friend.”  It was then that the true scope of what I had missed occurred to me.  Holmes laughed softly, his head tilting back.  “As if I didn’t know.  As if it didn’t terrify me and sustain me in equal measure.  I was not altogether sure if you remembered precisely what he said, but I could not let go of the idea that it all meant something. That perhaps you knew what I felt after all, and that I... that I either had hope, and might if I said what he did get the same reply, or... the opposite.  So yes, later, when you seemed to lead me there I risked... feeling you out.  I suppose I had not accounted for your assumptions any more than you accounted for mine.  I thought you did know, and did not want me after all.  I thought you proposed we ignore it, and indeed that seemed to work.  Everything was easy enough between us after that.   I
“Considerably.  It is exceedingly difficult to keep still and not attempt to fight you off or to worm away or to cry out or anything similarly unfortunate.  Do you follow me so far?”
His mouth twitched very faintly- so faintly that even with my nearly encyclopedic knowledge of his expressions I could not be sure if he was trying to smile or trying
And as I looked at him, the future seemed to roll itself out before me like a fine carpet.  The changing seasons, the months collecting together into a year, a year in which little would probably change and yet everything would be different.  And then, God willing, we would hear again from our friend Crocker.  Of his great triumphs at sea, of his engagement, of his marriage and fine prospects.  We would not be able to tell him of the changes wrought between us, even though they were thanks in part to him and even though we kept a much darker secret for him- but I would know, and I would think it worth every minute and every doubt.
“I did think it might be, slightly.”
“And we shall catch them soon enough.  To that end,” Hopkins said, “I shall take my leave of you.”
I knew, too, that if I had wished it I might have hashed all of this out with him the night before.  I had not thought much about why at the time- but looking at him now I knew it nevertheless.  It was too important for Holmes to be in control of himself for me to start something with him out of it.  But, more than that, it was not for me to pick and choose which parts of him I addressed.  He was Sherlock Holmes, my friend, my partner in the solving of crime as I was his, and a great deal more besides.  He was the man who smiled at me over a paper and untouched eggs.  He was the man who was extremely rude when he felt threatened and sometimes for no reason at all.  He was the man who sometimes could not raise his eyes or voice to me at all.  He was the man who had looked at me with such undisguised adoration last night, as he bled from a wound inflicted by some fiend planning to slice him in half, that it had rewritten the world.  He was the man who looked at me now, as I examined the dressing I had placed on that same wound, like I was a poisonous snake.  He was everything.  He was-
"Are you doing this to spite me." John asked flatly, in the way Hamish had wanted to answer before when he came out all shrill.
"Well I'm making it to do with my gender."
“Morning.” He greeted, his voice as rough as he felt. No further response from John. Maybe Papa wasn’t mad anymore? Maybe Dad had talked him round through the night? He could hear the spray of the shower in the bathroom, so he didn’t bother asking where he was. Hamish moved round the table to the cupboards, pulling down a mug for tea and a bowl for cereal. Papa clearly wasn’t talking to him so he would just eat and then grab his bag and head straight out and then after school he –
"Go on then, follow dad." John said, pressing a kiss to the top of Hamish's head, rubbing his back twice before guiding him to Sherlock. Hamish clung onto Sherlock, hiding his face in his pajama shirt, still crying, and Sherlock shuffled them awkwardly back into his bedroom, sitting them both down on the bed.
Well, it wasn't like he had picked the decor as a young child. He passed the dressing gown to Sherlock, then crawled into bed tiredly. Everything felt so heavy. He wanted to sleep for a year, mostly so he wouldn't have to deal with this for a long, long time.
Hamish's eyes stung with tears. Sherlock watched helplessly as his child's shoulders shook with tears. Was this his fault? Could he have done anything differently?
And eventually, Hamish's sobs subsided, until he was just sniffly and shaky and now his hand really really did hurt, all stinging and sharp and he felt stupid for punching the mirror like that. John returned with a tray of tea and a first aid kit. Hamish wondered if he'd been waiting outside the door for him to stop crying.
"You're our dau-- you're our child." Sherlock answered. "You're part of both of us."
"So what you're saying is that you are, in fact... a boy?" Sherlock ventured slowly. There was a forced neutrality to it that set Hamish on edge, but at least he'd said /something/. Papa just stared and stayed quiet.
“Thanks.” He murmured, before going through the motions of breakfast.
"No. No-- it's a family name. You pass it down the men of the family." Hamish defended his choice.
"I need to know he respects my choices. And like I said before - it's a family name."
He scoffed at himself. He sounded like his dad. Acting like he could be so rational about something so personal, so deeply rooted as his own identity.
Hamish was just finishing up his breakfast, scooping up the last of his cereal, when John’s voice punctuated the silence.
"She isn't family the way we are." Sherlock said carefully. Dad was always careful talking about the real Rosamund.
"Rosie?" Dad this time, more urgently. Three knocks to the door, in rapid succession, but Hamish still couldn't bring himself to respond. What could he say? Nothing was alright in there, nothing would ever be alright and he didn't have the words to explain it other than how wrong wrong wrong it all was and they'd never understand that and--
His hair betrayed him. He tied it up in a bun that he knew would never be called a man bun, then shoved his feet into school shoes and stomped downstairs. He needed that little stomp, to give him courage. This was potentially going to be the worst breakfast of his life, more uncomfortable even than that time he had a stomach bug and tried to eat a full English and spent the morning throwing up. Yes, this was definitely going to be worse.
He thought they’d understand.
Hamish cleared his throat. It didn't feel easy. He felt like he was about to throw up his tea.
Papa’s expression had turned at the name, tensed. Not quite darkened, not that far, looking back, but he’d withdrawn at the mention of the name, pulled himself back from it. Reflecting in the quiet of the morning, it was clear that it was at that moment he had lost Papa.
Sherlock must have noticed how his eyes had watered, because he started rubbing Hamish's back again; Hamish tried to take some comfort from it. Dad and Papa were really trying. They didn't even know what was wrong and they were trying so hard to fix things. The guilt returned, hotter and more raw than his hand felt. Hamish knew he couldn't keep this inside any longer.
In the settling gloom of his bedroom, Hamish rolled over and stretched his hand out. It ached, but not as much as his chest did. Maybe his parents weren't as accepting as he thought. It would be a long while before he could settle enough to sleep.
“Morning.” He said, voice neutral. Hamish shifted at the bottom of the stairs nervously.
Hamish sniffed as he headed into his room, grabbing the pajamas that he'd laid out before he went down for a shower. With his back to Sherlock, he changed into them, then turned to pass back the dressing gown. Sherlock was looking around the room with an uncharacteristically distant look, eyes all soft and sad. Hamish followed his gaze and realised he was looking at the old decorations from when he was a child - the walls in shades of pale pink and lavender, soft teddies still on the shelves. He was looking at a little girl's room, Hamish realised.
The person in the mirror was not him. The person in the mirror was a /girl/. Skinny and babyish but with a chest and hips and it didn't match up to the person he was in his head. If Hamish raised his hand, the girl in the mirror raised her's too. He grit his teeth and her jaw clenched. There was a total disconnect between his internal self and -- this.
Finally, Hamish took a deep breath and broke the silence.
"What is it about your reflection you didn't like? Has somebody at school been saying horrible things about you?" Sherlock asked then, visibly bristling with defensiveness on his behalf. Misplaced defensiveness, probably. God, why did it have to be so /difficult/?
The events of the previous night turned over in his mind, the things he’d nearly done or said, the things he should have done or said… His parents’ face when he came out. Jesus.
And Papa wasn’t acting mad. He was acting like nothing had happened at all.
Hamish’s alarm blared again, and he turned it off, expression set, determined.
“Don’t forget your bag today. Lunch money is with your keys. We’ll pick you up after school and take you to the barbershop.”
"Whenever you're ready, we need to talk about this." Sherlock said. Hamish carried on crying, not even sure he was still upset but because he couldn't stop.
"You um--" John cleared his throat. "You're sure you're a boy? Because. You know, girls can do anything boys can do - probably better, actually. Girls can be doctors and police officers and soldiers and CEOs and scientists and anything, anything they want. And they can have short hair and wear trousers and-- and I just want you to know that if you're just saying you want to be a boy because you want all that, you can have that as a girl, too."
Was that it? Hamish couldn’t tell if he was disappointed or relieved. It was better than anger or denial, he supposed, but… he wanted his gender acknowledged. He wanted to be seen.
But he couldn't. No more than he could tear the sink from the wall. His grip on the cold ceramic tightened; his knuckles were white. Hamish's eyes met his reflection's again and, without thinking, he released his grip and punched as hard as he could.
At that moment, Sherlock breezed in, looking crisp and pristine as ever in his button down shirt and suit pants, a towel around his shoulders to catch droplets of water from his damp curls.
The thought of going downstairs and facing them both was unbearable. But he had to do it. He had school. A new doubt flashed within him at that, hot and fearful. What would happen at school? If he transitioned, if he got what he wanted? He had friends there, was loud and likeable, known for standing up against any perceived injustice – whether that be too much homework or the bully on the yard. He was respected as Rosie. Would he still command that respect as Hamish? Would they turn on him, sensing the vulnerability of his position and exploit it?
"Transgender." Hamish corrected him, voice equally quiet.
“Suppose you’re going to cut your hair now, then?” he asked. Hamish nearly dropped his spoon. He raised his eyes from the bowl, but John still seemed to be reading the paper, eyes fixed on the page. A closer scrutiny revealed his eyes weren’t actually tracking the page, so he was merely pretending to read. Thank you, Dad, for teaching how to recognise that trick. Hamish hesitated, wondering how to even answer that, even though his whole soul screamed
It wasn't how he planned to tell them. And he had - he had planned it. He was going to gauge their reactions to his short hair, going to start presenting them with all the stories and TV shows and music he could find about transgender people and see what they thought about that. He wanted to gradually introduce them to the concept that he might not be a girl anymore, probably never had been a girl, really. It wasn't meant to happen with a broken mirror and bloody knuckles and a runny nose. /God/, he wasn't even in his pajamas. Hamish was all of a sudden very embarrassed and grateful for the dressing gown all at once, and it was good to feel something other than hurt and guilty and wrong.
With a doctor's care, John lifted Hamish's hand to the light by his forearm and pushed back the silk of Sherlock's dressing gown. He assessed it, then leant forward and ruffled Hamish's hair.
"I know you hate the name Hamish. I know that, Papa. But it's family. And /I'm/ family. And-- and when you use the name Hamish for me, I'll know you're using it because you love me. You wouldn't use the name if you hate it more than you love me." Hamish's voice faltered; he was choking back tears again.
He bit his lip. He was definitely about to cry, and that made him want to cry even more, because boys weren't supposed to cry. How was he supposed to convince other people that he was a boy - that he could be a man - if he couldn't even look at himself without blubbing? People didn't listen to girly crybabies.
"John is going to struggle to accept you for as long as you go by Hamish. He thinks of it as a personal attack. It's nothing to do with your gender." Sherlock tried again, but Hamish huffed and looked away.
Hamish’s eyes burned with tears and he lowered his head again. He would not cry. He would not cry. He felt so stupid for allowing that glimmer of hope to bloom in his chest. What was he thinking? If John couldn’t even respect something as simple as his choice of name, how would he EVER convince him to respect his other choices? He pushed his chair from the table, the wood scraping over the floor with the sudden movement, and rose to his feet.
Sherlock, unsurprisingly, was the voice of reason between their emotional conflict.
"I can't-- I can't put it into words like that, dad." Hamish sniffed. How could he explain it so he'd understand? "That'd be like. Um... Like asking you to quantify how much you love Papa. You could count how many times you've told each other that or how many times you've kissed or rate it on a scale from one to ten, but those numbers could never do the feeling justice, right?" Steadying breath; he was not going to cry again. "I couldn't put it into any words that would do it justice. I just know I'm not a girl and I am a boy."
A long-awaited second chapter! I had the first half of this chapter sitting in my notes app for SO long, and I've only just found the motivation to write the second half. I hope it was worth the wait! More to come, eventually. Happy ending to come, eventually.
"Yeah, we er, kind of gathered that much for ourselves. Why did you punch the mirror?" John asked. Wasted no time in getting right to it, then. Perhaps that was easier.
"We'll talk about this tomorrow, ok? Sleep on it. You're probably still in shock. This can all wait until morning." Sherlock ventured gently. But he got no response from Hamish, so he scooted back off the bed and made a move for the door.
Papa had been so cold.
The noise of glass shattering made more of an impact on Hamish than the pain, which he could barely feel. He stared at his knuckles, now red and bloody, little fragments of glass still in the wounds as shards of the mirror fell into the sink with tinkling chimes, waiting and waiting for it to hurt. For him to have an easier problem to solve, something kinder to cry over. But it just felt hot and kind of achey and it didn't really help at all.
"Watson-Holmes is the family name."
"No, you're making it harder on yourself so you feel justified in playing the victim." Sherlock retorted. "I understand that you're not -- you're not choosing to not be a girl. I understand you can't choose youe gender. What I don't understand is why, when you can choose any name in the world, you choose the one that is going to make things harder for everyone."
"Rosie?" John prompted him when he didn't reply.
Papa bristled. Hamish didn't even need to look at him to know that he'd be sat there with his jaw clenched, hand doing that tensing thing - curling and uncurling in a fist on his lap.
Hamish buried his face in his pillow. He shouldn’t have done it like that, all in one big emotional outburst, should have nudged them towards the idea one step at a time, or sat them down and had a calm, rational discussion about it.
"It'll take a while to heal, being on the joint as it is." Papa informed him, but Hamish didn't mind that. The sting was good. It would remind him not to be so stupid again. No more keeping things inside until he burst - it was clear now that he could not take his time. He had to be brave.
What’s in a name?
Rosie or Hamish. What’s in a name?
"Whatever, dad, that's not the point. The point is, I want to choose my own name - a guy's name - and I think being called Hamish will ultimately bring us all closer together once papa gets over himself."
"No, no. That's not it. It's-- I'm not--" Tears welled up in his eyes again and he squeezed them shut tight, ducking his head.
"Umm. I... guess I didn't like my reflection. I was upset." His throat felt tight, constricted, like he was going to cry again. His parents shared a look.
Hamish.
Maybe they did. Maybe it was just shock, and the violence of his outburst, his
"And where's my place in that?" Hamish rolled over now, to open his eyes and glare at his dad expectantly. "I see you, and I see papa, but I don't hear any mention of me in there."
“Thanks, but I’ll sort myself out.” He said, then hurried up before he was late leaving or burst into tears or did something equally embarrassing.
Hamish's expression crumpled. Hadn't he been listening at all? Was he always just going to stubbornly refuse to accept him? He looked to Sherlock pleadingly, large blue eyes spilling over with tears.
No. No, that wasn't fair on his parents. The thought that he might hurt them tore him away from letting his thoughts turn any darker. But fine. If he didn't want to die, then he wanted to have never existed in the first place, so he wouldn't have to deal with ANY of this. If he could fade out of existence there and then, leave no imprint of his life on anyone else's, just vanish and have it all never have happened, then he would.
CN for gender dysphoria/ gender incongruence
“It’s just—why Hamish? Why not go for a name that sounds more like Rosie? I can’t…” John trailed off, no longer even pretending to read now. “I just don’t like the name Hamish, alright? Pick something else.”
John stared at Hamish a few seconds longer, silent, with that same clenched jaw. Then he turned to Sherlock.
Hamish eyed the anatomical model of the human body in his room, gifted to him by his Papa. It was plastic, the ‘flesh’ cut away, half of it showing muscles, tendons, ligaments, the other half containing removeable model organs. Papa had taken them out one by one and showed him what they looked like, what they did, named them. Structure, function, and title. Hamish adored the attention, diligently repeating each fact and returning each organ to its rightful place.
"I can be brave." Hamish whispered. He would be brave.
Staring down at his lap, Hamish nodded.
to be seen for who he is, to be known as Hamish.
Underwear and socks, first. Hamish went through the motions, resolutely not thinking about it. He wouldn’t think about it. He pulled on his shirt, buttoning it up, then grimaced at the familiar discomfort of his chest. The dark jumper, at least, offset the shadows of depth. From the front, he could almost – almost – trick himself into thinking he looked flat. The tie came next, which he tucked into his jumper and tightened, and then came the trousers. He’d been wearing them for years, as soon as he found out that girls were allowed to wear them at secondary school, before he’d even begun questioning his gender. Still, even as he wore them and tucked his shirt in, he couldn’t help but think about the shape of his hips, his arse, too distinctly feminine for his liking. Hamish pulled his jumper down over it, masking the shape as well as he could.
Sherlock was quiet, thoughtful again. He was tense, too. When he was upset - really upset, not pretending to get papa's attention - he always carried it in his shoulders, never his face. Hamish could always tell.
"How can I? You never talk about it." Hamish shot back. The muscle in John's jaw jumped, and besides him Sherlock was getting ready to de-escalate the situation. Hamish cut across him.
"Not a girl."
"Well, luckily for you, I think we can avoid stitches this time. But it is going to sting a lot, cleaning this. Are you going to be brave for me?" John asked gently, slipping easily back into his caretaker role. Hamish felt guilty for doubting him before.
"Rosie? Rosie, everything alright in there?" Papa's voice, through the door. Hamish kept on staring at his knuckles, waiting, quiet.
But of course, Sherlock had something to say about the whole thing. Hamish had already closed his eyes, but he felt the mattress dip a little as Sherlock sat on the edge of his bed.
The redhead chortled gloomily. " Are you really so naive? Do you think I would like to have another date with you?" Her tone was cutting and venomous.
" Look, I know you're not feeling well, actually I'm not sure if you're conscious enough, but let me tell you this - It doesn't matter how much you weigh or what size you wear, you're still you, the great Sherlock Holmes! And I don't see a difference between you and Sherlock from two years ago, do you understand? Just relax and I will examine you, okay?"
John was shocked. But he wasn't sure if which shocked him more - whether Sherlock fell into the freezing water and could be injured or the fact that the Consulting Detective was so inattentive. Sherlock always knew what was going on and especially during the case... " Are you hurt? Should I examine you?" He asked a bit loudly, almost shouting with concern.
Actually, the jumper was more than unsightly. It was shapeless, irregular and holey, but John was absolutely stunned. Sherlock gave up his precious time and instead of a solving crime, he knitted him a jumper in exactly the same colour as the previous one.
Beep.
" I wasn't there the whole time, John would suspect me... I have to admit that Mr Magnussen did a fantastic job, what was he feeding you with? I've never considered being possible to gain so much weight in just a few weeks, but you're Sherlock Holmes, after all. Normal rules don't apply to you, do they?" Her lips bared her teeth in a wide smile and she better hid her phone back to the handbag, safe from furious detective's hands.
But I threw myself into what business I did have with some energy, for all was quiet at Baker Street.  Holmes himself had little to challenge him intellectually just then.  He was plagued by thoughts of his own- and in him the guilt manifested as cold silence.
, did I mean to say?
transparent then because he was magnificent.  How could he think I did not love him on those grounds alone?  How could he think, if I did not love him, that it actually was a permanent state of affairs?  It might have been a rare thing between friends- but we were different- at least,
So I cleaned, and I thought about how my friend- and more than friend, soon and for good, I hoped- and I had come to our present state of affairs.
“Have we been called out?” I asked.  I did not believe that we had, or he would have said so already.  But I would rouse myself and go if I was wrong, and I believed Holmes would see as much.  Holmes could not typically be urged into any confidence he did not wish to bestow- but I believe he found comfort in my willingness to go wherever he led me, and if it was enough to prompt him into whatever speech he was considering, so much the better for both of us.
In the morning, Holmes woke before I did.  I still had that soldier’s habit of sleeping lightly, but I also knew and trusted the noises of him moving about our sitting room as well as any other sound in the world, and he was making an effort to keep quiet, so it was some time before his step roused me.  I cracked open my eyes and saw him by the mantelpiece, just where he stood the night before.  He did not look so pale now, and he had changed into his dressing gown, but he was still shirtless beneath.  The night before I had been too worried about him for the angular lines of his bare chest to capture my notice.  They did not fail to that morning, though.  He was bruised here and there, but he looked well enough, and I wanted to-
I continued to wait.
He opened the door and settled near it wordlessly, with his hands behind him against the wall.  I had a vague impression earlier that he did not wish to part, but when I eventually gave in to my exhaustion I assumed he would find himself equally tired once he had time to feel it.  The impression came on me a little stronger now that he either did not want to be alone, or did want to discuss something- and that it was surely the result of some specific trouble in his mind, and not simple low spirits at all.
“Yes.”
As I watched Holmes, that new flare of light in his eyes sharpened into something bright and reckless, and he leaned closer still- closer and closer until the table between us seemed but empty air, no protection whatever from that keen gaze and the effect it all too often had on me.  “Let us ignore what later transpired for a moment.  Let us say he
“If you would,” I said simply.
In that moment, I fancied things which at the time seemed to me beyond the pale.  That all this- from the moment Holmes took the burden of Crocker's secret upon himself onward- had been for my benefit.  So that I might watch someone I must surely see some kinship with enjoy the ending I myself could not.
“You are looking at a man who is just possibly every bit as foolish and unobservant as you have ever accused him of being in your life.”
He dropped my hand, and that was all.
“That is the most foolish thing you have ever thought, then,” he said, with a whisper of his old superiority, but only a whisper.  His hand moved beneath mine at last, twisting to press against my cheek.  “I love you to distraction.  I am sorry I don’t show my regard better, Watson.  It was an effort at concealment, but that is not all it was.”
“Do you know what troubles you there yet?”
He didn’t look it, either.  I was certain that while the inspector was with us Holmes had remained impassive- but now he seemed decidedly pained.  He moved his arm enough to lift his hand, touch my collar, and fix a crookedness I was confident did not exist in my tie.  “When you said you disliked what I was putting on myself, when I did it in the first place, I did not think that I was also putting it on you.”
I did see, and it took my breath away.
Holmes lowered his eyes, silent for a moment more.  Then he gave a fitful little shake of his head.  “That night," Holmes began at long last.  He gave a fitful little shake of his head and lowered his eyes.  "The night we met with Crocker... I really did wonder if I went a step too far, letting him go.  In truth I only half knew why I had done it.  Why giving him a chance was so important to me.  I was disturbed by that.  It was not until you said it that I fully understood that I saw a bit of myself in him.”
“Then you would do me a very great favor by not gloating overmuch for doing so now.”
I lifted my head and looked at him openly.  “So I am.”  I rose, stiff and sore from my night in the chair, and crossed to him with hands out.  “Let me see what you’ve done to my stitches.”
I do not know what, if anything, I said in reply.
was right- that to fall into a melancholy stupor over the near-tragedy of young love lost was not at all like him.  “No,” I said at last.  “I do not.”
Despite being an altogether unextraordinary sort of fellow, I had his companionship and his trust.  I was, rather remarkably, someone he had never yet tired of dazzling or analyzing.  I firmly believed I could be on my death bed, and he could make one of his deductions and I would still be duly impressed- not least because in that case he would have not tired of me by the end of my days.  It was enough that he still saw something worthwhile when he looked at me, still heard something worthwhile when he spoke to me.  It was enough that this man who frequently and without shame professed to have never had a friend desired one in me, and indeed on more than one occasion had gone through considerable trouble to keep me.  It was enough, we had agreed.  So why was he talking now as if we had agreed something very different?
“I know it.”
I turned in my seat.  “You don’t sound pleased.”
His mouth quirked as if he could not help it, but he turned again, lifting a hand to grip the mantle hard enough to turn his knuckles white.  His face was lowered still when he said, “I never resent it, rare though I confess it is, when another goes before me.”
, always said
I do know that I took hold of him and examined his arm.  He appeared to have blocked a saber thrust with it.  He had done his best to stop the bleeding, and his best was good enough that though it would need stitching he was not in immediate danger.  Thus I took the time to examine him for more insidious injuries.  The block had most probably saved his life, but it had been risky.  A cut to the arm rarely killed so long as infection and unchecked blood loss were avoided, but that did not mean the affects were never severe or even permanent.  If there was nerve damage, he might never play the violin again- a loss that I would feel deeply, and he deeper still.  I saw no sign of such damage, however, and the rest of him seemed perfectly hale; Holmes had once again been very lucky.
, as he called it.  He had sent for the lady, though he did not have to, and been troubled by
I was not surprised when his mouth twisted, though the expression was rather more pained than his usual sneer.  He folded his arms across his chest.  “You do not suppose me to be such a romantic, do you?  Your writings certainly suggest otherwise.”
“I don’t know,” I said at last, “if you are making too much of my regard or too little of your own... attractions.”
Hesitantly, I reached out and laid a light hand on his knee.  It was not true that silence was without its pitfalls.  I knew it was distinctly possible that Holmes would throw me off.  It hardly requires saying that for a man to know the creature he shares his rooms with loves him utterly is in fact miles different from a lady knowing that a gentleman friend adores her.  And so what casual contact there might be between two such close companions could invariably also become a source of strain.
“What am I looking at, then?”
I finished my stitches.  I cleaned the wound again and covered it.  All this I performed with perfectly steady hands, as if the battle calm had come over me at last.  I am not sure if the opponent in my mind was Sherlock Holmes or I myself.  I think it must have been me, for it was truly a battle to keep back ideas which it would really kill me to entertain and be wrong.
.  In all that time I had myself convinced I only admired him, I should still have cheerfully have given him any physical demonstration of that devotion he would care to ask for.  My problem, I realized now, was not in thinking these thoughts- it was in not carrying them to their inevitable conclusion.  Even with his great powers of observation and his- perhaps even greater- sympathy with me he had missed the truth of my feelings, but he had not missed
“I’m your friend,” I said.  “You cannot easily trouble me.”  Normally I would not have gone so far, but I was tired, and puzzled enough by his conduct that I could not let him go without in some way reinforcing my regard for him.
“And if the new inference is directly opposed to the old one?  What must you suppose then?”
Holmes laughed shortly.  “That is true, my dear fellow.”  He patted my foot, and shifted so that I thought he might depart and leave it there.  But then he did not move.  “That is true.”
I had only kept one secret from Holmes, and I had kept it well.  I could not now blame him for having insufficient data when that insufficiency was of my own design.  And he was aloof by nature- I would not now deceive myself about that.  I knew him capable of great affections- for his brother, for his friends and allies, for perfect strangers innocent of the horrors that befell them.  Holmes’ problem had never really been a lack of heart, only a lack of expression.  He had such great feeling in him for humanity at large, for the good and the suffering which by turns existed for it.  It was no small thing to know that he had great feeling for me as well- but I did not deceive myself.  Some of his distaste for affairs of the heart could be explained if his heart was... unnaturally inclined- but not all.  Holmes
For my part, I did not entirely believe my own argument.  If someone enjoyed the company of someone else, and felt a strong affection for that person, it was difficult to imagine that such feelings were easily dissolved- or easily elevated.  If she had not loved him on the boat, and only learned to later, it was because her peculiar and tragic circumstances had helped it to ‘grow’ in her, not because it was common to look on a dear friend and realize you had fallen irrevocably in love with them.
To ensure that he kept comfortable, I put a blanket over him.  He roused a little then, registered me briefly, and slept again, curling in on himself slightly.  It was too often like this.  He exhausted himself, and when he slept at last it was remarkably heavy.  Still, I went about the tasks before me- cleaning up my instruments, finding his blood-soaked shirt, generally tidying the rooms a bit.  I washed away as much blood as I could so as not to horrify Mrs. Hudson in the morning- she was a hearty soul, to be sure, but she deserved any consideration there was time to give her.  There was plenty of time that night, for between the fear I always felt when I saw him hurt, however mildly, and the shock and then joy I had experienced since, I was restless and did not expect to sleep for some time.
“You were explaining...” I shook my head.  “Clear as it has been so far, I am not sure I know what you were explaining.”
The notion that this was his trouble struck me immediately as both perfectly right and entirely wrong at once.  “It did not seem to trouble you earlier.”  Certainly Holmes had been alarmed by the lady’s gratitude, but if I were to catalogue all the things Holmes might find alarming from a lady, I would be at it for some time.  At any rate, he had defended it- this matchmaking- more than once already.
“None at all?”
*   *   *
The following morning, Holmes was so decidedly himself again, as he put it, that I could almost believe I had dreamed him otherwise.  But no- my friend was too decidedly himself.  He looked now and then as if the effort exhausted him more than any physical expenditure I could name.  I was half tempted to tell him that his efforts were in vain, that I saw he was still troubled and that I knew him too well and loved him too well to watch him take such pains projecting a comfort which he did not feel.  In the end I did not tell him.  I half longed to see his extreme reaction to my assertion of friendship again- for I was half sure that if I did while my brain was not so sleep-clogged and worry-addled I should perhaps understand it- but I dreaded it with equal power.
“No?  I should have thought you did.  Last night I did not only speak to you.”
This pleasant yet unnerving praise of my work made me suspect that I had not actually helped him very much at all.
As he was convinced
This is not to say that in the days which followed things did not change between us- there had been an undeniable shift, in point of fact- but though I would never have thought it possible the change, the shift, appeared to have been an improvement.  I had long told myself it was not so bad, but there had in fact been some strain between us since I realized the depth of my feelings, and whether or not Holmes had been aware of it all that while he had apparently hit upon the solution.  Whenever he put a hand on my arm, or took me to a late dinner at his club, or leaned against me when we left a concert drunk on music... I had cherished all these, but also felt an awkwardness and a paranoia which made them bitter.  But now all was changed.  These gestures were begun anew tentatively at first, but slowly they came with greater and greater ease.  He trusted me.  We had agreed, and so there was nothing to fear- not for him when he knew that I would not press for more than he offered, and not for me when the worst had happened and I was still at his side.
“I think anything possible,” Holmes replied.  Something sardonic in his tone worried me a little, but the worry did not have time to sink in to any real extent before he spoke again.  He sounded more hesitant than anything.  “For instance, sometime after the boat, she did come to love him.”
“A man may fall out of love.”  The words fell more passionately from my lips than I should have liked, and I do not know what I thought they might achieve- if it can be said I thought at all.  Did I suppose I might dismiss his- frankly justified- concerns about cohabitating with such a man in that way?
“Thank you, Doctor,” he said, with a touch of sourness that suggested he was marshaling his resources.  He drew away from me as quickly as he could and affixed the dressing gown once more.
His lips actually achieved a small smile, then.  It had helped him to try to face this as an intellectual problem.  I had hoped it would.  “You know my methods,” he said, as he had said a hundred times in this room.
I said, “Is it the failure of observation, then?”
Hopkins’ housebreakers- who, insofar as we could tell, had never yet been able to spend their ill-gotten gains- made an attempt on the house of an old soldier, a man still fierce and very well armed, and did not survive.  The question of their involvement in the Abbey Grange killings was never asked- but Hopkins always privately felt he knew the answer, and so his investigation slowly faded away into nothingness.
Holmes sat forward in his chair.  It brought us very close together.  “If you desired it,” he said lowly, “then you must have deceived me- I do not use that word in accusation, Watson, you would surely have had your reasons- for a long time.  If you did not, you might have deceived me for an hour at most, and while my faculties were... sadly diminished.  If only one of these can be true, you must see which presents itself most readily for consideration.”
In answer I turned his hand in my grip and, as his sleeve slipped down, kissed the inside of his wrist, just above the bandage I had wrapped around the injury which gave us this chance.  I inhaled the precious smell of his skin- all tobacco smoke, hours-old chemistry experiments, and pine resin- and he made a soft, intensely sweet, sound.  It was not just that reserve I had described, by turns, in admiring and frustrated detail over the years, that was disintegrating.  It was his belief, I prayed now never too strong, that I did not love him every bit as much as he did me.
John just stared at him with wide eyes and he wasn't able to speak. He knew it was a metaphor, but something in Sherlock's voice and body language made his hair stand on end.
What if it was because of him? What if someone used John as a bait?
The doctor's fingers slid under Sherlock's defined chin and lifted his face to make eye contact. " There's nothing to be ashamed of. Everyone is scared of something, I've never met anyone who wouldn't be... Even soldiers in Afghanistan are afraid, you know..." Now that was true. Against his will, he remembered the fear on the front line in Afghanistan...
" Oh..." Sherlock choked and blinked trying to understand words Mycroft just told him. He couldn't believe it, his John found a woman he'd been searching for his whole life, a woman he wanted to make his wife... He blinked even more, to fight the sticking tears which wanted to escape his eyes. He didn't want to look like this in front of his icy brother.
Sherlock's breathing rapidly changed into gasps for air, a feeling of being strangled wrapped around his neck and he was dangerously close to the hyperventilation.
The night silence at 221b on Baker Street was cut with a loud scream.
There was a pause from the opposite side, which was quite unusual for the talkative detective, who spoke, always - at any time, in every place...
John was getting into the rage. " Why didn't you tell me? Do you have any idea how guilty I am feeling right now? Because I'm a bad best friend! I should have noticed that something bad happened to you! But no, you're the great Sherlock Holmes, 'I know best, I don't need friends, alone protects me' -" John suddenly stopped his tirade.
The policewoman shrugged her shoulders and turned around to leave. " Don't mention it..." With a last glance at him she made her way out of the building.
John raised one eyebrow, not sure of what was the detective pointing out. " What? Laying in the sleeping bag with your flatmate squeezed together like sardines?" He asked conversationally, glad his tone hid his true feelings.
Hey guys!
His figure seemed to be just a bit taller and less muscular and his hair were two shades lighter than John's sandy one, but the similarity between the two was undeniable.
He leaned on both sides of the toilet seat and gripped the plastic so firmly his knuckles turned white. He curled over the bowl, his body trembled as he began emptying his stomach.
Another rustle, this time from John's side of the tent. The doctor turned his head to the right, seeing just the silhouette of his companion. " No... Why are you asking?" The ex-soldier said in the in an undertone, a bit worried about the way he sounded.
The truth was, that in some way, Sherlock WAS jealous of his brother. Not only because he was the smarter one, but also he was in a happy relationship, which was getting visible on his waistline again (more than usual, Sherlock thought). He envied that Mycroft could sleep beside the man he loved, feel the warmth coming out of his lover's body...
John gave him a pointed look, did that stubborn creature really think that he will buy this? " No, you're not! You're feverish! I have to bring your temperature down." He said, his voice not allowing any excuses, and vanished from the room.
The doctor smiled and his face seemed five years younger. " I know you didn't... Just think before you do such a crap..." He said and closed his eyes in pleasure as Sherlock continued to massage his abused tum.
It was so OBVIOUS from the way boys acted around each other, from their exchanged looks and admirable nonverbal communication - the duo understood each other as no one other did.
The doctor shrugged his shoulders as if it was a completely obvious and normal thing to do. " Yeah, you're the only reason why I didn't end it, you know? Do you know how many times I wanted to? But you were there and kept me sane... Well, sane... "
But in the aspect of the appearance, he could not care less. For him, he was the same handsome and intelligent man he was about two years ago, the man for whom he has killed, the man for whom he has cancelled his dates, the man with whom he lived instead of his girlfriend!
John breathed in to answer but choked when he felt buzzing in his pocket. He resisted an urge to howl in frustration - one single date, without interruption - as it seemed, he didn't deserve it...
" Damn my jumper!" John's yell made Sherlock jump. " Why you didn't tell me? You could've been injured! " He absolutely didn't care about his clothes, he was glad it was the sweater and not his boyfriend. What if he has a big burn all over his stomach?
" Sherlock, what happened? Please tell me, you know you can tell me everything!" The doctor said gently and looked at him with pleading eyes.
" Just stay here, please. I'll be home soon, I promise... And then we can just sit in our armchairs, drink tea or watch some crap telly, we can even play Cluedo if you want..."
Sherlock finally stopped in his march and bit his lower lip when realised that he was acting like a lunatic.
John just stared at him for a while, he needed a moment to process what he had just heard. His friend had just bared a piece of an issue which bothered him and John had no idea what to do with it.
He desperately needed a shower, but the thought of stripping his clothes didn't seem tempting so he had decided to postpone it as long as he could... However, the detective's vanity and discomfort won.
They were in the Oxfordshire, but not because of the case (to Sherlock's annoyance). The group of four men travelled there to entertain themselves a bit and enliven their holidays. John had to say that he really liked that part of England, so he suggested that they could spend there a weekend or so. The others agreed (even Sherlock, he grumbled about it just for appearance's sake - 'because he's a High-Functioning Sociopath...').
The detective clenched his jaw and daringly looked him in the eyes. If they had thought that he will break down from their comments, then they were utterly wrong.
John smiled unhappily and ruffled his blond-grey hair. " Not in the mood? That's two of us..." He said as he leaned over the doorframe. " Guess what? Mary found out... She found out about you."
The weary detective felt heavy and solid against John's chest and his body radiated such a warmth the ex-soldier could feel it even through three layers of clothing. Sweat and tears started to leak through the soldier's striped jumper and John just watched the poor man tremble in chills, pain and embarrassment.
He watched his sleeping face and suddenly couldn't resist. He cupped detective's face gently with his hand, his heart filled with warmth when his palm met the chubby cheek.
" Lay down on your chest."
It was pointless.
The punch astounded not just Anderson and his colleagues, but also Holmes himself. He rarely let anyone upset him and it took a lot of effort to provoke him to the point of hitting someone.
With a repulsed frown he took a fork and impaled a piece of lettuce. He glared daggers at the fork and tried to suppress the wave of panic when he brought it up to his lips. Then before he could change his mind, he stuck the piece of food in his mouth and started to chew.
Yours PaulineHolmes02
It was in the completely same state he had left it before he jumped from the Saint Bart's Hospital!
Mycroft Holmes put both his hands alongside Sherlock's face and forced him to look him in the face. " Did you take something?!" His voice sounded very urgent and if you knew him well, you would say he was scared.
John wasn't gay (he had said that loads of times) and even if he was, he would hardly be interested in somebody like Sherlock!
The detective wouldn't mind even if it hurt, because it was John who was kissing him. This was the first kiss he had ever gotten and it was perfect, much better than he had thought. He couldn't imagine anybody else he would give a right to touch his lips, but the small army doctor was allowed to.
" John?" Sherlock said softly, yet concerned. He put the drink on the tiles and bent beside the poor man on the floor.
He almost lost the contact with people after the uni, except the Christmases and birthdays with his family and dead corpses during crime-solving (not that there would be some room to speak with them...). He didn't meet a sick person for a long time.
" John? Can I ask you something?"
Sure, he used to be ill when he was a child, but it was quite long ago. And furthermore, he wasn't sure if the methods which his mum used would be fitting on John...
Sherlock walked around John's big bed like an impatient cat, thinking about what he was going to do. John rolled his eyes, he was tired, but with his flatmate around, he couldn't sleep either. "Maybe if you'd go into your bed, you would be able to fall asleep..." he pointed out sarcastically.
" Do-don't wa-want g-go t-to the spe-speech the-thera...the-ra-rapist..." Sherlock admitted weakly, his voice was tiny and sad. It was giving him an impression of little children, some of them were talking much better than him right now.
The life at Baker Street started to settle down, but it was... strange. The detective took no cases nor clients and his disgusting experiments were nowhere to be seen. Not that John would complain, it was a nice surprise to open the fridge without facing a severed head...
But he didn't want John to be worried about him. And furthermore, he didn't want to speak in front of him.
The drive took almost an hour and a half to get to the destination they wanted to but it was worth it. The change in the environment was dramatic. As if they had visited some kind of new, unknown world. It was so calm, so peaceful, so free...
Today 11:00 PM
John rushed to him and pressed him against his chest, wrapping his muscular arms around his thin ducked figure.  " How could such a stupid nonsense come on your brilliant mind, Sherlock? Do you really think that I'm going away from you? " John's little smile faded.
The doctor leaned forward and cupped Susan's soft cheek. Her confident grin even widened when his thumb stroked her temple and slid down to her chin. He put his index finger under her jawline and gently brought her face closer. Susan closed her eyes and let him lead.
But why did John listen to him? He didn't have to be there, Mycroft would be stupid if he held the soldier somewhere against his will - after all, everyone has an instinct of self-preservation...
He opened the cupboard and took out two mugs and sugar. He put them on the unit and then he choked. He did it again... He had always been preparing the coffee, tea or anything else for both of them. He couldn't get rid of this habit and that hurt even more.
" It could have... I know you, Sherlock... Do you have anything?" Lestrade asked and hoped the detective wasn't high. He still saw the young, tall, scrawny detective sitting on the pavement with a syringe in his right forearm, his pale skin glowing in the night. That was the first time he met him and he never stopped wishing to get him to know under more cheerful circumstances than confronting him for using drugs.
John's mouth opened in surprise and he stared at the closed door of Sherlock's bedroom. Friend's behaviour was so unSherlockish - John was already used to his sulking, but this was different, the detective rarely got THAT angry...
He knew that days when he could wander around the flat in nothing but a sheet or wear his beloved skin-tight purple shirt which kept catching John's eyes every time he put it on, were gone...
The detective didn't take a cab to get to Baker Street, he decided to go on foot. The walk on fresh air seemed to be far more pleasant alternative than a workout. But to be honest, he didn't like the idea of walking around London, all alone. Not only that he missed John - Sherlock caught himself almost talking to him a few times, assuming he's right beside him. He also felt oddly vulnerable, no wonder, when we consider what happened the last time. But John was worth the risk, he would never let anyone hurt him!
John Watson was sitting at the furthest table in the restaurant, right beside the window. He took the glance outside to the street. The pavement shone like silver, because of the heavy rain which kept falling from the dark sky. His watches told him that it was quarter past eight, it was quite early for the darkness to fall, but it was logical - the dark clouds accumulated the thick layer which didn't allow the sun to penetrate through it.
The man in front of him was nothing like that...
" I'm fine!" Sherlock objected and just a second later almost tripped over his own feet.
He clicked on the 'received' folder and frowned when he found two unread messages from his flatmate.
Sherlock raised his arm to hail a passing cab and practically threw himself on the back seat.
He should be disgusted, he wasn't gay, he has always been telling everyone... But he wasn't... He didn't feel repulsion or disgust towards the hand on his belly nor the man himself. It felt so weird yet so right as if John's middle was made for Sherlock's big hand to put on... The touch was comforting and it sent butterflies underneath his skin.
He walked into the living room, which was as usual messy. There were several open books on the table, pillows laid on the carpet, and next to the tray of untouched food that John had tried to stuff into Sherlock (unsuccessfully...), the skull was standing. John almost ignored it, when you're lucky enough to live with Sherlock Holmes, you'll get used to a constantly flattering apartment or unpleasant surprises in the fridge.
Maybe far too much - his locks had grown like a weed. It wasn't as bad as when he had come back from Serbia (he could be mistaken for a woman back then), but it wouldn't hurt to have them shortened.
From : JOHN
John was even more worried. " Why not? Please, tell me what's wrong..." Even this time Sherlock didn't reply. The doctor sighed heavily and ruffled his blonde hair. " Sherlock, it's about what I said earlier, isn't it? I'm so sorry for that, please forgive me if you can..."
An urge to protect this man at all costs took hold of him when he stared at the big graze on Sherlock's left cheek, he will never ever let anyone hurt him again! He has always felt this way about him, but since he came back from being dead, he felt super protective of him.
John shrugged his shoulders, trying to act nonchalant, but Sherlock could tell that he was tense and nervous. " I'm angry and disappointed with her, but it's well-deserved!" He said and raised up his chin in a way soldiers brace themselves for a battle.
" Oh, so you finally found out how to speak again?" He said cheerfully, it felt so good to see him again.
Sherlock's eyes finally snapped open, a loud gasp escaped his throat and he sprang up into a sitting position so wildly he almost bumped his head against John's.
" I-I didn't ta-take anything! I mu-must have co-collapsed..." Sherlock protested and closed his eyes from the sharp light.
Mycroft's eyes widened in a shock. He hated this word, Sherlock suffered badly in the past, wasn't it enough? " What are you talking about? You're not a freak, Sherlock... Did John call you like that?"
John, I'm so sorry! Please forgive me!
Hold on... Is it a... milk?
All heads turned towards the door. Anderson gasped for breath and not even Sherlock himself couldn't deny he was surprised.
In short, Sherlock Holmes was in shock.
John sat on the edge of Sherlock's bed and read some book he found on the bedside table, but his thoughts were somewhere else. He couldn't stop thinking about what Sherlock told him.
It was surprising that there wasn't a steam coming out of John's ears. " I see it's a jumper, I'm not blind... But THIS!" He pointed on the huge hole in the middle part.
The confident, arrogant detective was gone, replaced with a man who seemed oddly vulnerable. Not only because of the lack of his condition which was clear at the first sight, but something in Sherlock's expression made her to have a mercy on him.
One would never believe that the body belonged to Sherlock Holmes.
Thank you sooo much for your support and kind words! <3
The kitchen was suspiciously clean and tidy - there were no signs of disgusting experiments on the kitchen table, the dishes were cleaned, chairs meticulously pushed to the table. It must have been Mrs Hudson, because he doubted the detective actually knew what was the broom used for...
Beep.
" Shush, you silly. I couldn't be bored of you even if I wanted to... Furthermore, I'm a doctor, I know the best... We can do it, you'll see..." The short man swore him.
PaulineHolmes02
His long-standing motto started to lose its effectiveness. The seclusion of the room protected him, but at the same time deepened the feeling of loneliness, inferiority and misery and the longer alone he was, the more lost he felt.
He seized detective prominent cheekbones into the small palms and stood up on his tiptoes to put a little kiss on Sherlock's forehead.
" John?" Sherlock whispered as he leaned over the sleeping man. " John? Are you sleeping?" he asked and reached his hand to touch his boyfriend's shoulder.
He was so concerned when he came home from the work to find the flat empty, no signs of his flatmate and friend. Since he has started to live with him again, he never saw him leave the flat.
Sherlock smiled at his companion. Finally, the tight bump on John's stomach began to subside and his skin grew soft.
" Forget I said anything... It wasn't important... " Sherlock tried to back out of this conversation.
But he didn't want him to change, not in the slightest. Those imperfections were just the reason why the man was so fascinating - he has never met anyone like him, he was unique, different, mysterious... " You bastard... I just hope you don't snore... Or kick..."
" You're staring, it's annoying..."
PaulineHolmes02
The room got illuminated by the bright light of the lightning bolt and John worriedly watched his friend. In the white flashing light he seemed to be almost deadly pale, so vulnerable and fragile. His eyes were big as plates, terrified and weepy as if he was expecting something bad to happen, like the end of the world...
The shaken man felt himself melting, the physical tension caused by the traumatic experience rose from his shoulders like the hot steam which flew around him.
"Sherlock took a deep breath. He couldn't believe he was going to say that. " Youweretheonewhokeptmesane. " He said rapidly, as quickly as he was able to.
She didn't, the woman was importunate as a cockroach.
John stared at him as he had grown the second head. " What? What are you blabbering about?"
Without a warning, the young genius threw himself forward, leaned on the surprised woman whose slim frame had no chance of staying on her feet at such lunge and knocked her down.
I'm so sorry for the beginning, I know it was quite cruel from me and Sherlock. I hope that I've compensated it a little bit with the second part.
Because the brilliant Sherlock Holmes is fat like a pig for slaughter, you can tell him that he got what he wanted!" He was almost screaming now, his hands were shaking and the period between inhales and exhales were significantly shorter than it was considered as normal.
" This is a quite amusing way to stop your garrulous mouth..." The ex-soldier whispered, caught the black strand of curly hair in his short fingers and swept it away from Sherlock's eyes.
The food was very good, the couple shared a pizza and then they ordered coffee with ice-cream and whipped cream.
" No, he's just a bit different... He's not very good with people, he needs to nudge in the right direction... But when you get used to it, he's great..." Actually, he had no idea why he was defending the man who successfully ruined every date he had. But it didn't sound right, he simply couldn't stand hearing that his best friend was a mad man...
" If I eat it, will you stop fussing?"
By a happy accident, he got found when Greg and Mycroft headed to the Scotland Yard to continue in the surveillance of their lost friend and sibling.
" Just drink it slowly, bubbles could irritate your digestion again if you'll drink it down..." Sherlock advised him, he really cared. " Just lay down and... and rest. You'll feel better then, maybe..." He told him and John had to wonder how was it possible to hate him and love him at the same time...
John immediately recognised friend's uncertainty, so tightened his grip on him and rubbed his fleshy side in a comforting manner. He didn't want to make Sherlock uncomfortable, but the stubborn man needed his help. Furthermore, he needed to regain his confidence back, a part of it at least.
He's left-handed, do you see his fingers? His index and middle fingers are calloused, from holding a pen and a gun.  He was shot in the left shoulder, definitely on purpose, the murderer wanted to point out the similarity of John. He has just come back from the mission, he looks exhausted and much older than he is... He's quite -"
John shook his head and folded his arms on the chest. " Oh, don't Jawn me, I'm still pretty angry with you for that waking up, you know..."
He snapped venomously and with the rest of his dignity, he passed around his shocked friend and vanished into his room, slamming the door behind with such strength they almost tore off the hinges.
" P-PTSD..." Sherlock mumbled with a sigh into John's shoulder and his cheeks darkened.
Before he could stop himself, he got up from the bed and headed to the door.
John's breath calmed down a bit, but the pain remained.
But Sherlock didn't stop, he wanted to get away, back to the safety of his room where no one could judge him! He wanted to close this whole debate before it gets out of control! " Let it go, John, it's no big deal..." He said in a forced calm voice, only pouring oil in the flames.
" Yeah, sure, don't worry. I'll just text Mary that I'm staying here..." John answered and took out his phone to let his girlfriend know that he will stay here for some time.
John's hairs stood on end at that noise, it was so unexpected and wrong - for Sherlock... He bent down over his friend slowly and cupped the pale face in his small palms to calm down the sobbing detective. " Sherlock... What is it? Why are you crying?"
This time, it came. " You git! You utter swine! You've been there for a whole time! You let me grieve, you let me think I had hallucinations! YOU LET ME THINK I GOT INSANE!" John bellowed and waved his hands furiously.
And then Mary appeared. She was just an ordinary woman who didn't remind him of his late flatmate. She was kind, understanding and quite funny, she was always there for him when he needed support.
The detective's shoulders broadened significantly, the arms and legs thickened and the once jutting hipbones hid under a layer of fat.
Hello guys! Welcome to my new chapter!
Standing there like that, pouring at himself almost the whole boiler, felt like being himself again, the warm shower worked wonders. The only thing that was missing was his best friend who always knocked on the door and complained about the bill of water consumption.
The detective knew that he should be happy and grateful that they finally found him, but he was so ashamed when he saw pure horror and surprise in Mycroft's usually emotionless eyes and consternation written in Lestrade's face.
He hated himself for that stupid mistake, he should have thrown it away as soon as he finished it. But put it in the fridge so he could take it to the lab the next day.
Sherlock froze as the flash of memory ran in front of his eyes, triggered by the order. He knew that John didn't mean to say it harshly, he just did his best to concentrate. He was used to those changes, he had been treated by John many times - during their cases, he inflicted himself lots of injuries. But the latest events left him nervous and cautious about everything, there were so many triggers causing flashbacks of the worst moments in his life.
A sudden contact startled him and only really firm nerves stopped his military reflexes from punching the person in the face. Turning around, he found the DI Lestrade standing next to him, holding his shoulder to calm him down.
Slowly but surely, the water started to grow cold and it was time to wash the lather out of his hair and climb out.
The doctor shook his head and tightened his grip on Sherlock. " She was nice, but she wasn't the one..." He admitted honestly.
His lips twisted in a smile when he heard John's erratic breath when he brushed his soft midsection.
Fortunately, the doctor was fast enough to bend down his head just in time and dodge out of the reach of Sherlock's clenched fist that would certainly hit him in the jaw if he hadn't moved away.
Mycroft's face seemed sad and worried. " He got on with his life... He's going to propose some woman..."
One of his hands ran across Sherlock's shaking back and gently squeezed the nape of his neck, while the other one still remained wrapped around his wide waist.
An irresistible urge to hug him close to himself almost knocked John down, to hold him in his arms, close to himself, to stroke his hair and massage his scalp... But he wasn't sure if it would help the whole situation. Sherlock was unpredictable, and as far as he knew, he didn't like to be touched, he didn't want to worsen his state right now. He decided to give him some room to explain what happened.
Sherlock replied with a silent snore, his mind finally peaceful.
A sly smile curled John's lips. " Well... Dark, curly hair... Pale skin... Piercing blue-green eyes which would change their colour depending on the light... Huge intellect... Tending to insult people..." John paused for a while and took a glance down at the man who tensed on his chest as he began to recognise some features of himself. And it hurt, knowing that John won't love him the way he does only because he's a man.
Sherlock gave him the most innocent look. " Well, I do sometimes... "
But begs in their conversation were the last straw, the proof that something was definitely wrong.
Okay, maybe the part where he came to the restaurant and ruined John's romantic dinner wasn't a thing he would be proud of, (za rámeček by si to nedal) not to mention that teasing about his horrible mustache... He just wanted to see his friend smile after such a long time of separation.
One of Sherlock's curly black strands tickled John's cheek as the man beside him nodded slightly and John almost took it in his fingers and tucked it behind his ear. He could almost feel the warmth of the blush which spread across Sherlock's cheekbones.
anyone in a few seconds!
" Give me back my earring and nothing happens to you!" Mary hissed and sneaked her hand into Sherlock's pocket.
" You decided, not 'we'..." Sherlock pointed out, but even though he sounded annoyed, there was also a sign of amusement in his voice. Then he folded his arms across his chest and sneered, as he brushed his eyes over his companions.
" No! That's not why I said that..." Sherlock almost yelped, he really didn't want to drive him away! He rubbed the back of his neck, feeling a bit uncomfortable, he had always been bad with emotions...
The water dripped from his black hair, his dark curls were completely soaked, the wetness made them straighten and fall alongside his face, framing a huge graze on his right cheek. He barely kept his eyes open, his eyelids were closing against his will, he seemed to be able to fall asleep while standing.
He gained consciousness again but it couldn't be considered as a pleasant wake up.
And to be honest, he was really surprised that his flatmate still hasn't realised that!
Sherlock took a long, deep breath and then he shot John with his confession. " It was an accident, John. Donovan and Anderson were so insufferable and you were away so long and I felt lonely... " Sherlock's cheeks flushed pink as he sighed heavily.
" He-heard y-you... Wa-was t-there... Wan-wanted t-to t-tell y-you, I-I re-really did..." He almost whined, his voice broke. It wasn't obeying to his intentions, it was doing whatever it wanted.
Sherlock's face crumpled in disgust, who did she think she was?
Suddenly Sherlock made a deep, a throaty sound and arched in his back as if someone grabbed him around his waist and lifted him upwards. His curly head sank even deeper in the pillow and a loud cry escaped his lips, along with tears that welled up from his closed eyes.
No wonder that Sherlock was irritated. He has always been moody, but that was nothing compared to what he was doing now. There were days he almost felt like his good old self and he couldn't understand, why he was freaking out so much. But the next day his mood swapped like an April sky and everything could be different.
" Stupid puns? What do you mean? I'm not the one who writes kitschy, trashy and pathetic stories about 'just two of us against all world..." The detective sneered, he didn't want to look like a desperate wretch. But inside, he cursed himself into blinking idiots.
" Come here... Let me help you..." He whispered and almost shivered when his thin striped jumper absorbed the water from detective's wet clothes.
" What if it wasn't just an ordinary jumper? It was so important to me!"
John smiled, it seemed that Sherlock felt a bit more like himself. " A few, yes... But they can wait, you can tell me when you feel up to it, okay? You can sleep now, I will keep an eye on you..." He whispered and watched his friend's eyelids getting heavier and heavier until he fell asleep again.
Sherlock looked at him with his puppy eyes, not quite realising that it was dark in the room and John probably couldn't see it. " Can I sleep here?" he asked in a little voice filled with the hope.
Raising his head, he saw a man with a round face, eagle nose and silver, worried eyes.
Another wave of laughter echoed through the room. They could be surprisingly coordinated when it comes to bullying. What a shame they weren't using their brains more often in DIFFERENT situations, during the investigation, for example...
So they packed everything useful (" No Sherlock, you can't take your microscope with us..."), Mycroft managed to get a car - a nice green Land Rover - and they made their way to their vacation.
In a few fast strides, the grey-haired policeman blocked Sherlock's way and tried to think of the fastest way to calm down his stressed friend before he'll collapse.
" What's that? " John asked and nodded his head in the direction towards his bed.
" Milk... Please tell me that you didn't drink the milk from the fridge!" The detective blurted out with a horrified face. He was hoping that John didn't drink from THAT carton of THAT milk...
Then there was a shocked expression of Mrs Hudson when he had stumbled into the flat, leaning heavily onto his brother and Greg, not being able to stand still. His senses betrayed him completely, making him feel numb, unable to think, speak or even move. His thick legs shook like trunks in the windstorm and his knees refused to obey as they tried to send him to the floor.
Are you proud of our Sherly? I am because he really cares about John more than about himself.
John grabbed the dustpan and a broom from the cabinet in the kitchen and bent down to sweep shattered pieces of the porcelain from the kitchen floor. Tiny sharp fragments cracked under his shoes and he was really careful to clean them all, well aware that Sherlock walks barefoot very often.
The doctor could see that Sherlock tried to do as he said, but it was no use. " Can't..." He let out a loud breathless groan. His teeth chattered, he was hypothermic without doubt, and he pressed his thighs to his torso as close as possible.
John turned around to look at his friend and his heart clenched as he saw the desperate detective. The fear of being alone mirrored in his beautiful eyes and John simply couldn't say no to this puppy face.
" No, stay!... Please..." Sherlock yelped in hysteria.
Today 10:19
The detective clutched the soft woollen top in his fists, brought it up to his chest and buried his nose into the fabric, sniffing its scent. It smelt like dust and home, but what was important - it smelt like John. It was very faint, but he could still recognise the musky fragrance of John's aftershave.
Sherlock smiled at the thought of his best friend, but as he massaged the expensive shampoo in his hair and sensitive scalp, gloomy thoughts creeped into his head.
" Oh, and John? Maybe I should say that I didn't delete to take my sleeping bag, 'cause yours is much better..."
What caught Sherlock's attention the most was a bloody spot on man's left shoulder blade and his brows furrowed when he understood what it meant. Oh, God...
Mycroft's thin lips pressed together and its corners raised in the grin which kept Sherlock getting mad. " Admit it... You are..."
" Sherlock, you're not ashamed of your scars, are you?"
Sherlock took a shaking breath at the end of the line. " Come home, John... Please..." He mumbled, almost whispered.
He raised his head when both hands cupped his belly in a completely different way than during the examination.
" Come on, you really don't believe that, do you?" Mycroft asked, hoping that his brother didn't think such little about himself.
John blinked a few times, trying to process the information. " Hold on, you wake me up in the middle of the night because of telling me that you can't sleep?" He asked, his voice gaining a dangerous tone.
Sherlock rested his head on John's muscled shoulder and breathed in doctor's pleasant smell and enjoyed the pleasant warmth which was coming out of John's body.
" How can you, of all people, forget your sleeping bag?"
" Sit!" He ordered, switching himself to the doctor mode. From his own experience, he knew that it was a big disadvantage to let himself care too much when treating his patient.
" Come, John! Lestrade called, there's a new case! Murder in the elevator!" His voice was beaming with delight and excitement, whole his body radiated with energy.
Of course Sherlock knew, but he wasn't ready to open his heart, the fear of losing him was too big. And even if he found a courage to confide to his friend, how on earth he would tell him?
Two days have passed, but there was no improvement - if anything, it seemed it was getting worse. The detective didn't leave his room except for the bathroom, concealing himself in the safety of green walls and science posters.
Sherlock's throat tightened and his stomach flinched. " Where are you going?" He choked and began to panic. 'No, he's leaving! What have I done! John please, don't!!'
" John..." He whispered, his voice sounded exhausted but relieved. It was just a dream, he was on Baker Street, with John, safe...
John gave his friend a patient look, the look designated especially to him. The good doctor would deserve a halo, he must have been a saint when living with the High-Functioning Sociopath and not strangling him yet. God knows that sometimes he wanted to... " We're in the campsite, we decided to camp out with Lestrade and your brother..."
John froze in shock, his body stiffened.  " Sherlock, you're not a freak! What gave you that stupid idea?"
" How are you feeling?" John's head rose up as he registered the deep baritone coming out of Sherlock's room.
" I know it's uncomfortable, but try to do as I say... You're having a panic attack... Just breathe like me... " John reached out his once muscular arms and wrapped them around Sherlock's slender torso. He pulled him closer and pressed him on his chest, to make him feel his own fast-pounding heart. The huge wave of happiness flew through his body, that he was real, from flesh and blood. But at the same time, he was afraid to touch him, Sherlock felt so fragile, like a porcelain doll.
"JOHN!!!"
Mycroft took off his jacket and threw it around Sherlock's back to keep him warm at least a bit before they'll get him to Baker Street.
" Lay down..." He ordered in a commanding manner.
Yours
As it seemed, Greg and Mycroft knew about Sherlock's new condition, why didn't they tell him then? A little warning would be useful...
" Would you mind if I'd keep that? Just this one thing, please... I just want to imagine that you're still here. That you still love me... " Sherlock asked in a little voice. He had dark bags under his eyes, he looked thinner than he was before he left, his cheekbones protruding in his white face.
He had seen his friend in this state only once - at Dartmoor, right before their fight over friends... But now it seemed to be even worse than then.
After the fiasco with mirror, Sherlock came to the conclusion that it's pointless to take a shower with light switched off, he already knew what to expect. However it didn't mean that he would accept himself. He avoided touching himself as much as possible, even the smallest contact with his doughy skin sent shivers through his spine, and he was very careful to not catch his reflection on shiny flat surfaces - John wouldn't be happy if they had to buy new windows, not to mention Mrs Hudson...
" Yeah... John, I...This is hard for me because I'm not good with emotions... I know that I'm a difficult person to understand and I can be a pretty arsehole... Maybe it doesn't look like that, but I value you more than anything and I really care about you.
John's stomach has calmed down for a while, but the sting of nervousness sat on his guts. " Where else do you think I would get it from?" He muttered in the toilet bowl, calming himself with an explanation that he was only overreacting, Sherlock would not do this to him...
He felt sick of the large cushion of fat that occupied his lap, of his bum that spread under his weight, of his fleshy thighs that squeezed together and brushed against each other when he was walking!
" Sorry," Sherlock whispered into the wood and leaned his head against the door.
To : JOHN
John's face reddened with anger and he jumped out of the armchair. " Why didn't you let me know that you were alive! I grieved you, I never got over it! I wanted to kill myself!"
" You are my doctor, John Watson. I think you're the only one I'll let to check them."
" The room became too dull..." Sherlock replied and nodded towards the hall heading to his bedroom. " How come you're still here?" He asked, quite surprised. He knew that John stayed, but he couldn't tell why... Anyway, it didn't matter. It was just a matter of time before John goes back to his life with Mary and forgets about him... And he wouldn't blame him - after all, John needed adrenaline, adventure and excitement, and Sherlock couldn't offer him these things anymore.
It seemed that almost everyone around them knew, they were the only ones who had no idea...
John's constant attempts to make him eat weren't successful, he left the plate on the doorstep, but the detective never touched it. And the hunger pain was the result.
The doctor looked up at his friend with a strange face, unknowing what to think. What was Sherlock about to do? Slowly he uncurled from the safe ball and rolled on his back just like the detective told him to.
And speaking about his flatmate - he was worried about what could that clodpole damage this time... He looked very disgruntled when realising John had a date. John hoped that he won't ruin his date, for once...
John rolled his eyes and muttered something like 'Why do I even bother to ask.'. Then he put the plate down on the bedside table and handed the cup of energising liquid to his friend.
John nodded. " Sometimes I was so close to... " He told him as if nothing happened. " Why are you stuttering?" He asked curiously, he never did this before.
Unable to resist an urge to return the embrace, Sherlock wrapped his doughy arms around his best friend and snuggled up to him, resting his head in the crook of John's neck.
John stepped inside the 221B flat on Baker Street. He hanged his coat and took off his boots. He looked incredibly tired and insecure, he lost about two pounds and he couldn't sleep very well. But he couldn't imagine his life without that git.
When Mycroft was done, Sherlock took a deep breath and forced a toothy smile on his cupid lips. " I-I-I'm ha-ha.... ha-happy for h-him..."
Sherlock flew through the room, trying to stop his angry boyfriend. " No John, wait, I'm..." John slapped the door in front of his face.
Mycroft came into the living room and leaned his ever-present umbrella over the wall.
"Sherlock?" he was beginning to be nervous
There was a big hole on the left leg of his trousers, the blood flowed from the scrape and stained the new pair of trousers.
The doctor paused in thought as he tried to remember what he consumed today. " I don't know... Bread with ham, I think..."
Beep.
The man in the sitting room was absolutely huge, his weight seemed to be the most striking thing in the room, sticking out like a sore thumb.
The words echoed in his mind. 'No wonder nobody likes you! You insufferable selfish machine! Try to act like a human!'
" And what about your hair?" John asked, grasping at straws. " I won't pry anymore, I promise... Just, remember that if you need to talk to someone, I'll be there for you..."
The man let out a sigh and his back hunched, his shoulders leaned forward and his spine arched in the unhealthy angle. The change of position helped to ease the painful pressure inside his stomach, but the excess mass attached to his middle warped into rolls and spilt over his tight waistband like a big muffin.
" I'm not a doctor... So I'm improvising. I hope my childhood methods are inevitable..."
He admitted he was jealous, he was well aware of that fact. But his anger was also caused by the nasty behaviour of John's girlfriends. They let him down only because of Sherlock being his friend because they thought that there was something between the two...
At that time the raven-haired man lost his temper and flared up, he needed nobody's pity! " Since when do you care? You didn't give a damn then, so why now?!" Sherlock shrieked, tore away from soldier's grasp and he was about to turn on his heel and run away when he got stopped by doctor's angry voice.
Sherlock was so annoyed with that bloody woman, he didn't like the fact that John spent so much time with her instead of him! Or was it jealousy? To be honest, he didn't care what feeling it was, he just wanted John for himself! But he knew very well that he had no chance, not compared to Mary.
" You need to calm down, Sherlock. You're hyperventilating... You have to inhale and exhale regularly, if you won't, you'll faint." He switched himself into the doctor mode.
PaulineHolmes02
He took the hem of the big t-shirt he borrowed to his little brother (after all, he was always little bigger than Sherlock--which his cheeky baby brother loved to point out... ) and pulled it over his curly head.
The army doctor opened his mouth to say something, but before he was able to produce a sentence, Sherlock was already fast asleep.
Sherlock jumped out of his boyfriend's bed and grabbed his arm. He looked scared. " You're leaving me... You came here to take your stuff...didn't you?"
Sherlock folded his arms on his broadened chest and smirked, but his eyes remained hard and cold. " Of course you did, you're curious... Well, you can have always wanted to put 'a bit of meat' on my bones, is this enough?" He asked through gritted teeth.
Hello my readers.
Fortunately, there was a pause in Sherlock's messages and it grew longer, the detective didn't contact him from for ten minutes. The couple didn't know that it was only the calm before the storm...
The DI nodded. " 'right... Good luck, boys..." With that last sentence he turned on his heels and left Baker Street.
She snapped, uncompromisingly pointed towards the door and her raised voice gave them no choice but do as she says - nobody wants to mess with their boss..."
John let out a small giggle which made Sherlock's hand jump on his stomach. " Strange as it seems, no, I don't... Actually, I find it really nice."
When John came back with a blue towel, Sherlock looked even worse than a few moments ago. His Billy fell off his knee - the detective kept rocking back and forth, hugging his knees firmly. His squeezed midriff made it difficult to breathe, he began to hyperventilate.
He will tell him, but that meant that Mary will tell him too.
To : JOHN
John leaned over the doorframe and looked at his friend who sat on his big bed. " It's better, thanks..." He said and then a small yawn escaped his mouth.
Dashing to the desk, he opened John's laptop and typed his password (the doctor has finally given up his attempts to find a password Sherlock wouldn't solve).
But even despite these gloomy thoughts, he bent down on his knees and scrabbled with his long arm under the bed, hoping that the thing he was looking for stayed hidden away from Mrs Hudson and John.
Mycroft almost growled when he saw the bandages wrapped around Sherlock's slender back and chest. They were sopped with blood, the smell of the red liquid almost hit him in his pointed eagle nose. Very carefully, he took the bandage in his fingers and slowly began to unwrap them from Sherlock's deformed back. When the dirty bandage was gone, a nasty look occurred to Mycroft.
'Oops, he knows...' Sherlock thought as he crouched on the couch. What is he going to do?
Finally, his legs gave up and he sank on the pavement.
Sherlock bent next to him and pressed his fingertips together under his prominent chin, connecting both brain hemispheres helped him to think. It could be just something John has eaten, he wondered.
The wipe slid his tear-stained cheek down to his chin and neck and John shivered a bit, the goosebumps began to spread on doctor's skin.
Sherlock's reaction was immediate, abrupt and absolutely non-Sherlockish. " Where are you going?" He hated how desperate his voice sounded, panting, filled with a new amount of panic. His heart he doubted he had any, pounded at least three times faster than usual.
Well, whatever it was, John was still here and he didn't seem bothered by Sherlock's company, that was all Sherlock needed to know.
John seemed a bit caught off guard by the care in Sherlock's voice. Sherlock never cared about the comfort of other people.
'Or maybe you're thinking far too much, brother mine...' Said Mycroft's voice in his Mind Palace.
Yours PaulineHolmes02
With the rest of the evening, it continued to get colder and Greg lit the fire so they could have something to eat.
The man in front of him worried him so much these days, he was so different from two years ago... Sherlock gave an impression of being nervous, moody and unsure, his insults were a poor imitation of his one-time affronts and he lost all his interests in experiments. John would be glad to open the fridge without being forced to find a  severed head or other disgusting stuff Sherlock hid there, but not under these circumstances!
His right hand dropped to his raven hair. His curls were incredibly soft and pleasant, though he would never admit it, he often wondered what they would be like on the touch. He gently laid him down and put his curly head onto his lap. Sherlock opened his eyes and looked above in John's round face.
Suddenly Sherlock's face turned unsure, and it seemed that he was fighting with himself. " Come here ... You can sleep in my bedroom tonight if you want... The... There's a bathroom if you'd need to... you know..." He pointed tentatively towards the door to the bathroom right next to his bedroom. His eyes lowered and avoided contact with John for a while.
No wonder his lean body kept trembling - John realised that the man in front of him was soaking wet.
" Of course I came..." The soldier took a few steps closer to the source of the voice and then he spotted him.
Lestrade responded after a second ring. " Sherlock? What's going on?"
And his coat! God knew how much he missed it! He was no Sherlock Holmes without his coat collar and sharp cheekbones!
" His nails are too short and asymmetric - the consequence of nail-biting.
Sherlock ruffled his hair and shifted nervously. "But Jaaaawwwn, it's so loud, those voices in my head, they keep distracting me and it's so boooring!" The details from the case couldn't leave his mind, he couldn't stop thinking about it.
He listened to the gurgling noises the boiling liquid made and drummed his fingers on the worktop. He had to admit that he felt bit better after Greg's emotional support, of course, it didn't make his horrible memories magically go away, but after a long time, he felt like somebody got his back and cared about him.
John was muttering to himself as he kept caressing the pliable cushion of detective's large tummy, careful to not wake him up.
There was absolute chaos in his brain, the poor detective was completely confused and distressed. His hands squeezed John's forearms firmly and he stared at him with wide, shocked, bloodshot eyes.
John hurried towards his flatmate and landlady, his face crumpled with worries. " Jesus! What happened?! You look like a mess!" He exclaimed and reached out his arm to touch Sherlock's shoulder.
"If you'll steal my blanket, you're sleeping on the floor..." John mumbled after few minutes, half asleep.
As it seemed, the Yarders were right, weren't they? John was ashamed of him and didn't want to be associated with him!
" And what are you doing here? No, don't answer that, I know exactly why you're here... This is Mycroft's work, isn't it? Why can't he just let me be, I'm adult, not an invalid, I'm well capable of taking care of myself! I don't need him to poke his big nose into my business and make decisions for me! I don't need all of you fuss over me, I'm not made from porcelain! So turn around, both of you, and leave me alone!"
Sherlock crumbled his hands in the nervous motion. " You've said that jumper was very important for you... I wonder why? But... You don't have to tell me if you don't want to. "
Sherlock took out the phone, took a look at the display, frowning at the name of the caller and accepted the call.
It was impossible to put on so much weight in such a short time, not to mention that Sherlock had always been in control! There were times he even forgot to eat completely, and John was there for him to remind him that he's a human being and he needs nutrition.
" That was... unexpected..." Sherlock commented with raised eyebrows as soon as forensics left the room. Did someone drug her coffee? He was innocent this time...
The tall man thought for a while before closing his eyes. " I'm sorry about it, you liked her a lot..." He mumbled quietly and he really meant it. He wanted John to be happy, even though he was jealous. He deserved it, after all, he got through...
The noise made John's hair stand on the back of his neck. He leaned closer to him, alarmed by the heat and negative energy Sherlock's body radiated, he wondered if he has a fever. As an experienced doctor, he put the back of his hand on Sherlock's sweaty forehead and froze when he realised how hot it was. This wasn't just a temperature, his friend was feverish.
Sherlock hesitated for a while and then gave him almost invisible nod in agreement.
She raised her eyes and gave him a smile as well. But she was careful not to show her teeth, because of her braces, she was very sensitive about her slightly crooked incisors and canines. But John didn't mind, it was completely normal - nobody's perfect.
Sherlock jerked so wildly that he almost fell off the chair and he looked as if he was about to get beaten.
" John, are you okay?" He asked, his voice suddenly unsure, he had no experience with that.
The ex-soldier was cachectic and almost lifeless, he seemed to be ten years older at least... His blond hair was embroidered with greying one, his round cuddly face looked fallen, there were dark violet bags under his tired ocean-blue eyes from the lack of sleep. He definitely had to drop some weight, about seven pounds. It didn't feel right, it wasn't his John anymore. The worst of all was a cane in his right hand, he was heavily leaning over it to keep his balance. His limping was back...
" I'm not coming today, Sherlock... Go by yourself..." He said, sounding exhausted and bit out of breath.
John came out of the bathroom, his blonde hair wet from the cold shower. He wore his sleeping shorts and a white t-shirt, which Sherlock prepared for him.
" And I really hope that those two will have their 'things' private..." He significantly raised his voice so his elder brother would hear him.
But his girlfriends' behaviour was drawing him mad.
" Actually it was a -"
Greg rubbed his left shoulder and stroked the place between his neck and trapeze with his thumb. " You aren't... Sherlock, do you really think that I'm friends with you only because you solve crimes for me?"
But yesterday, when he stood at the crime scene again, he forgot about everything that happened to him... For a few moments, there was no Magnussen, no doubts about himself or fears.
A bit disorientated John opened his eyes and found out that his arms were full of his flatmate.
He was starting to get fed up with all those lies and mysteries! He truly cared about his detective and he would do anything to help him. But how can he help without knowing what's going on?
Enjoy your reading:)
(See the end of the chapter for
John's eyes widen in shock when he heard the sound of his name, it was the only part he understood. Sherlock was speaking some foreign language, something like Russian... or maybe Polish? John was so confused, he had no idea why Sherlock has a dream - more likely a nightmare - in a different language...
" Sherlock, that's not what I said and I didn't mean it in that way! Look at me, please..." John said softly and waited for his friend to turn around.
" You can sleep, John... I won't go anywhere..." Sherlock whispered in his deep honey baritone right into John's shell-shaped ear. He couldn't help himself but feeling the heat radiating from John's body was so tempting... Unable to stop himself he pressed a little kiss oh John's temple.
" Look at me..." John whispered gently and when the detective didn't obey, he put his index finger under his soft chin and made him look him in the face.
I would like to thank you for your beautiful comments, you cheered me up and boosted me to write, you're awesome:)
Sherlock's cold body froze for a while, he didn't expect the contact. But as soon as he woke up from the shock, he realised that John was hugging him. John Watson, of all people, the soldier, Army Doctor and best, kindest and wisest man he has ever known...
At first, he was a bit surprised before he remembered last night's events. He recalled the look Sherlock's face had when he woke up from the terror he experienced in his nightmare. He still heard his sobs in his ears as the detective clung to him and cried into his jumper. He felt the unnatural warmth that radiated from Sherlock's skin when he was falling asleep in his arms, feeling safe enough to dare sleep again...
But it was nothing compared to next words John let out of his angry mouth. " I don't know... Maybe I thought that you would be different, not like everyone talks about. I misjudged you!"
" Oh my goodness! Who did this to you?! You look horrible, darling!" He heard a shocked, teary voice belonging to Mrs Hudson. There was so much love in it, he was like a son for her.
Sherlock felt the blood rush to his cheeks and his face turned red like a beetroot. He knew that his nightmares were always a bit wild and now John saw!
" You have questions..." Sherlock muttered while clinging to John like a leech.
" Sherlock, you know I'm not talking about that nightmare! You haven't been yourself since you came back. Please, let me help you... " John begged. He knew he sounded desperate, but he didn't care about that. He cared about Sherlock.
Sherlock gritted his teeth as the sudden wave of self-loathing stormed through him and settled on his chest. The rapidly growing anger bubbled under his pale skin like a boiling water and threatened to burst out in a form of tantrum.
On the top of that, his stomach demanded for food almost every hour and its annoying rumbling was driving Sherlock insane!
Also, sorry for a cliffhanger.
The doctor clenched his teeth, smelling a fish. He suggested that the detective was fibbing, he used his brilliant acting skills to manipulate people like puppets.
John grabbed Sherlock's beautiful cheekbones with his small palms, stroking them with his thumbs. " Sherlock, I'm so sorry for giving you that impression... I love you so much and nothing is going to change this. Of course, it hurt me very much and I was furious, but it doesn't mean that I'm leaving..."
Unfortunately, Sherlock's mood changed like a spring weather.
Sherlock reached out his hands to grab the zip of his parka, but he wasn't able to control his fingers, his hands trembled from the coldness and shock, he almost didn't feel his fingertips. His eyes kept closing, he wanted to sleep so badly it hurt!
" What? Do you really think that I'll be in the mood for coming back today? Could you just one time behave like an adult and not like a spoiled brat?!" He spat and squeezed his phone in his fist until it almost broke in two pieces.
" John?" He ran after him to find his friend heading towards the toilet and collapsing on the cold tiles.
" What about giving a try to act like a human?"  John screamed and curled his hands into fists.
" I have no idea what you're talking about!" Sherlock protested and struggled with her thievish hands which dug its nails into his skin and demanded the precious and very useful piece of evidence.  He wanted to pull her away from himself, but she was very strong for a woman her height.
The detective knew he was defeated, he didn't want John to feel bad. " N-no, I-I-I-I'm n-not a-angry wi-with y-you... Do-do-don't wa-want y-you t-to he-hear m-me li-like th-this..." He whispered in a weepy voice, it was embarrassing for him to speak like that.
The detective let his hands slide down his face and scowled in disgust at his belly which towered above him like a little hill, distended even despite the laying position.
" Yeah... I was just at groceries..." Sherlock said in the tone as if this situation was happening every day and there was nothing strange with that...
It had been almost twelve hours since he and Mycroft found him, but he still tended to forget how large Sherlock became. It was alarming if you realised that he had put on more than a hundred pounds just in two months!
His eyes fell on the rolled camping mat which stood in the corner.
A loud rumbling noise echoed through the room and confirmed the above mentioned words. Sherlock whimpered through his tight shut lips and curled around his belly, clutching his painfully contracting, empty stomach in his hands.
Since then he almost hadn't moved (except occasional visits to the toilet), there was simply nothing that could cheer up the poor, traumatised and fattened detective, not even kind Mrs Hudson.
" No, it's not! Could you just let me examine you? I just want to make sure that you're not injured..."
" Then tell me how am I supposed to be!" Sherlock yelled, frustrated. He didn't know what to do. He was trying, but as it seemed, it wasn't enough.
The short man collected from the initial shock wrapped his arms around Sherlock's narrow shoulders and his right hand ran through his black curly hair. His lips began to return the intense kiss he was given. He felt Sherlock's mouth curl into the smile of victory and his hands slid over John's chest to his back.
John made his way towards Sherlock's room and stopped in front of the door. He gulped and hesitated with a raised fist to knock. Why was he so nervous?
But there was something missing... Someone, to be exact...
But Sherlock pale face told him it won't be a nice one.
Sherlock's eyes, encircled with a row of long dense lashes and decorated with dark violet bags, sparkled unhappily when his mind decided to throw him to the herd of painful and humiliating memories he had experienced in the Appledore.
The right corner of the detective's lips twitched at the last sentence. " I'd like that..." Then he gave him a little nod. " Okay, I'll stay here..."
John sighed in frustration and began to type an angry reply on the extensible keyboard.
Then he pressed it against John's warm worn out forehead and swiped the sweat with the wet napkin to make him feel better. John's breath hitched with pleasure and he let out a little sigh of relief. He felt like shit, he kept sweating like a pig and his throat was sore from the rest of gastric juice. He inhaled deeply through his nose and let his breath out of his mouth.
He almost growled in frustration - how come they couldn't see that?!
They continued chatting, about the food they ate, their hobbies and about the heavy rain outside, followed by claps of thunder and lightning.
He knew that he would care for his John even if it wasn't his fault, he wouldn't let him suffer alone. He was sure John would do the same, after all, he was a doctor. But something was telling him that John's intention wasn't only applying his medical skills, he would do it because, somehow, he cared back about the ridiculous man.
" Thank you, sweetheart..." Mary gave him a sweet smile and ruffled his already messy hair as if she was praising a well-trained animal.
Storming through the living room and descending the staircase, he dialled Greg's number.
Sergeant Sally Donovan was standing in the doorframe, her arms folded on her hips. She's been watching the scene in front of her for a while - she had heard some voices so she came to check what was going on.
His black messy hair clung to his high forehead, the curls not so obvious because they got straightened from the wetness.
Sherlock lay curled on the sofa, his knees pressed against his chin. His chest kept rising and falling rapidly. He was shaking all over his body as if he had a fever, and his face was sweating. John reached his hand slowly and touched his sweaty forehead. No temperature, it had to be the nightmare. He looked so vulnerable, he was unnaturally white, pale than usual, and so thin, it was a hit in the eyes.
Sherlock buried his face in the gap between John's face and shoulder, unable to stop sobs coming from his tightened throat. He almost didn't feel his hands and his vision was getting dark.
" I'm going with you..." He said instead and put the book aside so he could get up from the bed. There was a sparkle in detective's heterochromic eyes in hope of getting the traitor who pretended to be John's nice girlfriend in the jail.
" Don't give me this crap! Of course, you're not fine!" The soldier raised his voice into a scream, the frustration was taking control of him, all those mysteries and secrets were driving him INSANE! He just wanted to understand so he would be able to help him.
When the bolt lightened the interior in the restaurant, he realised how beautiful she was. Dark ginger hair fell down from her head on her fell silent and smiled at each other.
John sight with worry as he bent down in front of his friend and covered his sodden hair with a towel. He couldn't help but he reminded him of the Holy Mary with the fabric on his head. At other times he would snort at this image, but this situation was everything but normal.
" Jawn!" He exclaimed.
" Take off your clothes, will you? It's not good for you to sit in those wet ones... I'll bring you something dry..." John said and immediately started to look for something the plump detective could wear. The room was very spacious, he never noticed that before. Could it be that Sherlock has moved some things to make more room? But for what?
The detective groaned as he bent down and took packages of frozen peas and corn out of the freezer. Then he rose up back on his feet, leaned against the kitchen unit and rolled up his white t-shirt to expose his stomach.
To : JOHN
" It's fine..."
John decided to take his girlfriend to an Italian restaurant Zizzi in Paddington Street. The interior was beautiful - decorative dry trees gave them an impression of wildness and the scanty lightning made of lights hanging from the ceiling created a very romantic and intimate atmosphere.
" Sherlock, wait!"
" Sherlock, it's just me, don't panic..." He whispered and started drawing comforting circles on his pliable bare skin, frowning at finding out that Sherlock's epidermis was stone cold.
The tall man let out a quiet moan and tangled his legs around John's thighs, pressing himself as close to him as possible.
Because it was mainly his flatmate who had given this place a magical atmosphere. Because he really WANTED to share the flat with him and somehow managed to live here even despite Yarders' warnings...
To John's bad luck, his phone vibrated again and there was no doubt the woman heard it. Her face curled in annoyance and disgust. John knew this kind of face, and it didn't seem good for him. Not at all...
Suddenly he stopped as if someone has pressed the 'pause' button. He had he spotted his reflection in the mirror...
For a while, they remained in silent, both of them hide in their Mind Palaces. Mycroft kept cleaning his wounds. Sometimes Sherlock let out a little hiss when his scratches stang.
So what do you think? I have my own experience with food anxiety so I understand how horribly Sherlock feels. Thank you for your previous comments and kudos, I love you!
John sighed and began to type, defeated.
Today 11:27
When they pulled out of each other, Sherlock wrapped his arms around John and snuggled closer to him. He was quite soft and warm, Sherlock could stay like this all day...
This was a murder tailored for John!
With satisfaction, he laid down next to his partner and put his head on his muscular shoulder, inhaling the familiar scent of John's cologne and aftershave water. Suddenly, Sherlock's brain calmed down, the voices were gone and he could relax.
I don't even know why I am writing this, especially when I'm suffering from anorexia, but it feels like a therapy to me. Actually, I quite enjoy writing chubby Sherly, I hope you don't mind.
He was so confused, since the day Sherlock appeared in London. He had horrible times after Sherlock ki-...no, jumped from the rooftop. He felt guilty for never telling him what he meant to him, that almost the last words he had said to him were said in anger and accusatory.
He left the block of flats and was about to set out to Baker Street when he spotted something on the ground.
" Oh, Sherlock! I was hoping to see you!"
Beep.
Sherlock bent down next to John and looked at him, completely amazed. " Hold on, do you really like it? But it's ugly... " He couldn't understand it.
Mycroft felt little guilty for not telling him the truth, but it was better. He didn't want to stress him even more than it was necessary. " I'm sorry, Sherlock..." He whispered and began to wrap his back with new clean bandages.
The sight of Sherlock's podgy beaten figure was making him boil with fury, every little bruise, every scratch turned his vision red. Could it be Mary's work? Was that what Sherlock implied?
Yours,
'Oh, John, you don't know the half of it...' Sherlock thought bitterly, but he didn't say that out loud.
He needed his blogger, he'd be lost without him. Somehow, he managed to get a bit addicted to his flatmate, the thought of going to the crime scene made him feel insecure. He didn't like that, he was Sherlock Holmes, emotion-free man, the High Functioning Sociopath...
A shuddery breath escaped his lips when he opened the door and saw his room for the first time after those long agony-filled months.
The detective lowered his eyes, refusing to look at John. Suddenly he looked so young, like a kid who knows he has done something bad.
" Come here, you silly man..." Lestrade whispered and began to rub Sherlock's back.
Hello again!
Sherlock shifted on the floor and turned on the other side. The bottom of the tent made a rustling noise underneath him. " John? Are you asleep yet?" He whispered quietly, his eyes darted in the dark and his heart pounded in his throat.
