Maybe he understood a little better now, would be less judgemental on the nights Sherlock found it hard to cope and smoked cigarette after cigarette, hanging out the bedroom window in just his underwear or a t-shirt that he’d nicked from John, never one of his own.
“Give those here…I’ll do that so you can go and get ready…because I swear John Watson, you spend more time in front of that mirror these days than your sister does”
John pulled him around a corner, just out of sight of the door. Best not to remind him about the camera, Sherlock thought, they must have given Mycroft quite a show.
He grabbed a slender wrist and pulled, not daring to look behind. Sherlock followed, warm and wonderfully solid under his hand, pulse racing beneath his skin.
“What now then?” John asked instead, hoping it involved somewhere warm and Sherlock sans clothes again, because you could never actually have too much of that in his opinion.
“It finished eighteen months ago, I hadn’t seen or heard from him since….until last night, but I didn’t see the message until we…I…got up”
“Forgive me,” he cast his eyes down,  “you think I mean to mock you, make light of what we have…I know we cannot make this real in law, I know it may cost us our lives, but Sherlock, please believe me I speak the truth, every word, I want this more than anything….I could not bear to….”
And there it was again, the not- really- a- question – but an invitation, and John gave the only answer he ever wanted to now or ever could.
The boy waved his hand imperiously in the general direction John had indicated and bent his head again, clicking his tongue in irritation as he continued to sort through the box that John strongly suspected didn’t belong to him. Well, who was he to judge, pissing in someone’s private bathroom, apparently boundaries were going to be crossed tonight whether he meant to or not.
The flat of a palm connected with his right buttock as an undignified squeak shot from his throat in surprise, the round swell of flesh giggling under the force of the blow. It stung faintly and his skin felt hot and tight, but it wasn’t enough…yet.
A knock on the door came early the next morning, and at first I imagined our friend come to call again at such an ungodly hour. I was wrong. It was not a confident, hard rap of knuckles, nor the tentative tap that Sarah was wont to give before she would come to raise a fire in the grate after bringing our morning breakfast tray. There was urgency behind it, sharp and insistent, a rat-a-tat-tat from a feminine hand. John raised his head from the pillow with a groan.
John released my swollen flesh and placing a hand either side of my head he bent forward, gasping as our clothed groins brushed against each other.
“On the bed… face down boy” John hauled his boneless body upright and he crawled to the centre of the bed, kicking off the trousers and pants, and discarding the sweater and shirt as he went, tie still swinging loosely around his neck.
Sherlock just shrugged. He was damned if his was going to admit it out loud and add to his brother’s air of smug satisfaction. He crossed his arms in front of his chest defensively.
I should move from this place. I should go. It would be so easy to fall, to stay, to take up a pipe and breathe it into my lungs, to forget about Irene, and Mary and John. I could stay, find a rich man, for in this place they were plentiful and offer up my youth and beauty to his pleasure, forget my past, forget my home, give up my future to the unknown, and accept my fate. Whore. That is what you are. Forever and always, bought and sold.
‘Don’t stop’ he said, in a voice faltering with emotion, ‘Go, don’t think, don’t look back, I never saw you leave and I hope never to see you again though it breaks my heart to say it….and Sherlock…. He is a sweet one my love…. I wish you every happiness’.
John. Another bland doctor’s surgery, still treating the sniffles and lower back pain of the masses, ever the dutiful soldier and husband, Sherlock thought bitterly. John was last to leave the building at the end of the day, pressing the button that lowered the security grille across the windows and door with an audible sigh. He drew his phone from his pocket and punched in a string of digits before raising it to his ear and quirking his mouth into a hideously false smile.
To further test this favourable response he made a bold attempt to insinuate a finger into my tight virgin hole, slick with spittle from his mouth. Had he not already readied me with great care and attention I should have leapt from the bed in great pain at the intrusion to this hot narrow passage. He did not probe to any depth but merely kept it there, the tip barely sheathed, strange but not unduly uncomfortable while I fought back the urge to bear down upon it, robbed of all liberty of thought and reason as the pleasure within me crested and burst forth in spurts of warm viscous seed upon my belly.
I smiled as best I could and held my tongue, for her good opinion could be lost if she knew of the truth, of where I had come from.
John closed the gap between them in one small stride cupping Sherlock’s downturned face in his hands and pulled him forward pressing their lips together. A soft press gave way to firm pressure as Sherlock relaxed against him with a sigh, tongue finding his own. A pair of freezing cold arms curled around his waist under his jacket drinking in his body heat, rubbing up and down his sides, his t-shirt rucking up to expose bare skin to the chill air. He had wanted this so much all day, fantasised about touching Sherlock again, and here he was, a solid presence, that only minutes ago he thought he had lost, kissing him with increasing hunger, pushing and licking and biting. They were both much too turned-on right now, if he didn’t slow this down they just might fuck in the street. His cock throbbed almost painfully.
“On the lash? That council estate we went to this morning really rubbed off on you didn’t it?” he laughed. Sherlock pouted, pretending to be offended by the taunt, nipping at an earlobe just enough to hurt.
“Keep still girl” he spluttered as four doggy feet skittered and skidded against the hard tiled floor and a rough wet tongue licked a slobbery trail all over his forearms. At least there was someone who was always pleased to see him no matter what.
“Christ you’re desperate for it aren’t you? Just gagging for a big fat cock to fill your greedy little hole”
‘Oh Sherlock no, please do not distress yourself, I bare the blame for being so ill prepared. I had not bargained this day to have a lover in my bed. All will be well, I will make it right I promise’
Christ, he actually used to be good at this shit once upon a time, a different girl almost every weekend until Sara came along…not that he ever did much… ‘stuff’, but that wasn’t really the point….
John leant against the bar and tried to look attentive, a difficult task when his whole body was on alert for the inevitable appearance of Victor Trevor. And besides, he really didn’t need the induction course, knowing his way around the various pumps and optics well enough.
“What?”(Re-engage brain with mouth) “No, not now obviously….logistics..” he gestured vaguely around the steamy bathroom.
“I’m not just anyone, and I’m not quite sane myself Sherlock, just in case you hadn’t noticed, and you seem to bring out the worst in me…in a good way if that makes sense?”
John looked suitably startled as he picked himself up from the ground and attempted, rather fruitlessly to pat his hair down and tuck his shabby shirt into his trousers. Sherlock caught a glimpse of firm, creamy skin before it was covered again. He stared at the same spot long after it had disappeared beneath John’s clothes.
“Not the pipe, no…from the gentleman who seemed to know us. Did you know it was he who called me there…. summoned to your side by a message from a stranger? He holds great power with what he knows, and yet I am indebted to him for the swift action he took on your behalf. But I do not know what to make of it all…tell me… does he love you?”
“Smoke breaks over Lestrade…back to work” the irritatingly clipped voice of Sally Donovan echoed across the road. Since when did she have the authority to order Lestrade around like that?
“Yes she would, quite appropriate don’t you think?… a prettily packaged lie…looks good on the surface , but rotten on the inside”
Stupid, stupid Sherlock. It had been a mistake to even go there, to see Victor in the flesh again, he thought angrily as he stomped towards the University campus wreathed in the early evening darkness. He took a final drag on his third cigarette in a row, flicking it away into someone’s front garden, a smouldering blot on the neat square of grass. He felt achingly cold through the thin material of his t-shirt and jacket, but bore it like the punishment he deserved. It would be hard to go through with what he knew he had to do tonight, to make this right, face the threat of condemnation and just bloody well lay all his cards on the table, tell him, tell John everything. And if he couldn’t tell him? Then he was just going to have to bloody well show him.
Of course, he could see it now, blinded by sentiment and naked desire, John would never have betrayed them like that, he had projected his own guilty conscience onto the one person in the world that he loved.
“God forbid you actually have to move out of your fucking chair, you are on a one-way ticket to type two diabetes Mycroft, I can smell the treacle tart from here”
“No John, no more, please, I get it. No, actually, I’m not sure I do, but listen, just make sure you know what you’re getting into, it just seems so sudden, all this, the gay thing…..”
The decision was easy. “No, no it’s fine,” John said, as he turned his attention back to Sherlock, Mary pushed firmly to the back of his mind. “It’s nothing that can’t wait.”
“I did as you wanted, I spent a year in America for god’s sake, left my home and family…what more can you want?” Victor whined pathetically, didn’t he know pleading wouldn’t help? “He came back to
John was getting testy now, the imminent arrival of hoardes of snotty-nosed kids, and a case of the raging horn had his nerves on edge.
John hummed, not because he agreed, but why argue semantics when he could have that mouth on him again, and so he let it happen, the not-kiss that last time hadn’t involved the slide of a tongue and a faint click of teeth as their lips began to move in a very deliberate kind of way that had nothing to do with sex even when everything felt too hot and tight in his jeans and his face burned like fire.
Her arms, to his irritation were flailing around with abandon again as she gestured wildly around the room. She did have a point though, the place was rammed for a Sunday night. And it might have been a laugh, if he didn’t still have a numb arse from sitting on a train all day, and hadn’t had a fraught conversation on the doorstep before he left with his ex, begging him to change his mind, that Andy meant nothing, it was a fling a stupid mistake and please don’t take that job, how could they sort things out when he was moving almost two hundred miles away. Yeah right, a fading love bite, that he hadn’t put there definitely screamed over, now didn’t it. And for all his sister’s faults, she hadn’t baulked when he’d asked for a place to crash until he sorted out a flat share or something. He couldn’t stay long term, they would probably kill each other before the end of the month.
“Like hell we could”, John snapped, the thought truly nauseating. Victor was from a different world, and not one that John had the slightest desire to inhabit.
Long pale fingers snapped out of nowhere and wrapped themselves tightly around his wrist, ensnaring him in an iron grip.
‘Oh the poor dear’ said Mrs Turner, ‘the excitement of the day has fair worn him out. Take him up to bed Tom and get him all settled…make sure he’s comfortable’.
John reached the bottom of the street and turned towards town, Sherlock’s footprints almost completely obscured now. If he didn’t spot him soon, he would have absolutely zero idea as to which way he had gone. Over the road was a gentle slope of grass, now fully coated in six inches of snow, which led up to the park. There was a bench there where they usually sat in summertime, while Sherlock entertained him, deducing the private lives of all the passers-by. Like which of their neighbours were having affairs, or financial troubles just as if he had video camera evidence from their houses.
unobservant?) or because he expected more of a reaction to their current location, Sherlock couldn’t quite decide.
The room plunged back into darkness as John switched off the torch and pocketed his phone again. He grabbed the rope just above the second knot and it strained against the thick oak balustrade pulling taught as he swung his legs up to follow. Working hand over hand, he hauled himself over the top and flopped, gasping for breath on his back at Sherlock’s feet. “Fuck,” he panted, “I think I just blew my arms out. And you didn’t even break a sweat. Jesus Christ, what
“What ev’s kid, but you’ll be missing out on a shit-load of cash – and one last thing guys”, he beckoned to the other staff, “anyone offers you a drink, you accept – I don’t want any offended patrons, but try to stick to soft drinks if possible, anyone gets pissed they’ll be sacked on the spot, you got me?”
“You fucking bastard, the whole street probably heard that….what will Mycroft think, hearing you buggering his baby brother like this…”
“You lie!” I gasped, incensed. “John would not say….he would not... you must let me speak with him! Where is he?”
Sherlock’s gaze drifted off to the right, as he thought. “You have rugby practice Friday nights, and then you drink at The Bull till either someone vomits or start’s a fight and you all get chucked out.”
So the carriage trotted on over dirty cobbled roads which grew ever shabbier the further they went, until John gave the signal as they reached his street, a row of dilapidated back-to backs, with missing tiles and broken windows completing the picture of destitution and despair.
Sherlock heard his own strangled voice as he pushed himself up, vaguely aware of the hushed muttering ‘oh shit John’ and ‘fucking hell, wasn’t expecting that, LOL’s” coming from the rest of the people gathered around.
There was a sweet sense of urgency to it, the way John bent to kiss him then, pressing down while Sherlock spread his legs to let John lie between rutting frantically still half-clothed the roughness of the denim hitting all the right spots almost painful at the sensitive head of his cock as John’s tongue invaded his mouth. Not that he gave a damn, after five days of feeling like shit and John walking on eggshells around him Sherlock would take what he could get, there’d be plenty of time later for proper fuck, but for now a dry hump would do nicely.
Flat 42 was just as shabby and depressing as the rest from the outside, peeling red paint on the rotted wooden door, and a line of faded washing strung haphazardly across the walkway. John ducked his head to avoid knickers and jeans as Sherlock rapped loudly, pressing an ancient looking doorbell for good measure.
She paused and took a drag, tilting her head back to blow it out again and wiped her sleeve across her eyes, “But you just had to go and fuck it up though, didn’t you?”
He snapped his book shut and pushed up from the floor, drawn by the tantalising smell wafting from the closed oven doors. Mealtimes he could take or leave, but he was cursed with an insatiable sweet tooth that at this time of year, Mummy was happy to indulge, just glad that he was eating anything at all.
“Hampshire is but barely out of town, and such a far cry from Lancashire, you could hardly compare the two”, I returned, a little too sharply perhaps, which was more of the insult to John than had been my intent as Mary looked between us with interest. His eyes flashed in warning, but not at my harsh words. Mary had a keen intelligence and may not be as innocent of our position as I would have preferred.
“Why the fuck not?, it’s packed out, must be something good going on if that many people like it?” John pouted.
He wrenched the door open and headed out into the freezing cold night. This was what Sherlock had wanted him to work out, to finally realise. This was why he was tormented at school, skiving off and fighting, both with other kids and hi own parents. Stupid,
“Yes, Sherlock”, he continued, “last night, at the concert in the Student Union Bar, he was one of the band members, playing on stage. I went outside to get some air afterwards and he was there. We just started talking, about music and stuff, just hit it off straight away I guess”
I stamped my feet to banish the numbness from my limbs, and groaned as the blood flowed freely and a flood of feeling rushed back in, skin prickling like ants across my flesh. It was late, much later than I’d thought, and by the flickering of the candles could just make out the time - the clock on the mantle said nine.
Oh god, he was going to lose him before he’d even had a chance to tell him – someone else was in love with Sherlock, this Victor bloke, he must still love him right? Why else would he be texting him every five minutes? And Sherlock? He couldn’t just ask…it couldn’t be like this… and what about him? He couldn’t just tell him, not now.
He stepped into the drawing room just as John came through the door, shucking off his jacket, eyes darting around awestruck as he took in his surroundings. Sherlock was sure his heart stopped beating for a second. Really, it must have done.
Sherlock’s skin was crawling now. Trent was going to pin him here until he took the fucking drugs, hook him in and keep him dancing. Maybe it would be better to just give in and get it over with, worry about the consequences later? He remembered the intense high after that first sweet hit, the sharp focus, feeling invincible, but he also remembered cravings, cramps and sickness, he couldn’t go back to that, John would never want to be with a pathetic junkie. Oh god, John. They were supposed to be together right now. He would think Sherlock had ditched him – he’d gone and fucked that up too!
“Ah fuck!, no need to give me dead-arm you prat”, Mike replied, rubbing it with a groan. “It’s Molly Hooper” he met John’s eyes, just daring him to take the piss. As if he would…
This time it was Sherlock hauling John to his feet, clasping his outstretched hand and yanking him up, slipping and sliding as his smooth rubber soles scrabbled for purchase on the wet, snowy ground.
He smiled, ‘Do not stop on my account, I would dearly love to look upon your face again as you spill for it is a beautiful sight’.
The other hip told the same story, the story of John holding his body so tight as he fucked him into the back of the sofa last night and of Sherlock coming with barely a touch.
John snatched his hand away as if he’d been burnt and Sherlock hissed as he felt the scratch of a fingernail on sensitive flesh. He still had the presence of mind to grab the quilted throw from where it had pooled around mid-thigh and pulled it quickly over their exposed bodies. A head of wispy brown hair peeped cautiously around the door frame.
“Nonsense, consider this payment for services rendered, namely preventing this young idiot here from killing himself….come now, the carriage is waiting, I’ll wait for you both outside”
“Why not?, No-one else will ever see them, I only did it for us. Do you remember, David Turner, he was just eleven when I guessed and Gary Miller was thirteen when everyone knew he was gay. But they were out, and nobody cared, and even though I was getting ten times the sex that they were I had to keep it secret. I couldn’t tell anyone, all because of you and what we were doing together”.
Sherlock snorted into the back of his hand which earned him an incredulous expression from the Head of Gryffindor House. John stifled a laugh of his own, Christ, Sherlock should be hoping he was sorted anywhere other than Gryffindor, because she would have his card well and truly marked.
John backed him into the sofa until his calves hit the seat, pushing him down and straddling his thighs, they paused for a second, panting hard to get their breath back, naked from the waist up. “Mrs Hudson put up the Christmas tree while I was gone” Sherlock nodded his head towards the corner of the room, where a crooked little tree sat, decked out in jolly baubles and sparkling tinsel and at the top, two silver bells, jingling lightly in the breeze from the open window.
John bent down with a sigh, eyes red-rimmed from residual anger and brimming with unshed tears and kissed him, gently, a soft sweet brush lips. He kissed him again, a little harder this time and brushed his tongue lightly over the cut on Sherlock’s lip, licking the coppery fluid that had gathered there.
“It would have been sooner brother dear, if it weren’t for this little piece of legwork”. Mycroft drawled, his usually rolled umbrella held poised above his head. The sudden lack of rain was annoying.
Sherlock was impressed. When he had asked Billy to do a little advance digging, he hadn’t expected him to come up with all this. His ears pricked up with the mention of Florida. An American connection again. Interesting. Was it significant or could it just be coincidence?
“Behave Sherlock” John whispered back “we promised, remember?...oh sorry , silly me, what was I thinking of? Of course you bloody well don’t……’filtered’ again I suppose?”
The hours would drag until he would see him again tonight, every minute without John seemed unbearably long and tedious, the very air denser, more difficult to move through, to breathe, and he deserved to suffocate like this, fall victim to his own unforgiveable selfishness, because John was good, and deserved better than he could ever give him, and he was bad, evil, putrid flesh on worthless bones.
There was something in the way he said it, the glint in his eye and the answering grin from the lad at our side, that said to me that they had been more to each other than their stations should allow, but whatever had been between them there seemed only a mutual regard and friendship now.
And this time it was all him, bringing two hands up to cup Sherlock’s face, tilting his head and bringing their lips together. It was his tongue that slid in first tasting stale, smoky breath and pizza and it was fine, all fine when Sherlock bit back and slowly ran his hands down the length of his body, cupping his arse through his jeans and yanking their hips together just a little too hard, and making sweet little moans into his open mouth, because this was good, and it was real and he could feel it, that missing piece he’d been chasing, the reason why everything felt wrong…until suddenly it didn’t anymore.
Pillory : A wooden framework with holes for head and hands - prisoners were locked inside and exposed to public abuse.
How many were there? Just one, or more? He strained his ears against the background mumur of the city streets (breath, rustle of clothing, feet scuffing on hard ground), It was useless, there was no way to tell with his back to a blade, every sense honed in on that cold, stinging point.
“Has Mycroft no respect for the legal retirement age either? although I must say, you’re the oldest operative I’ve come across so far…I hope he pays you well”
He peered through a gap between the wide oak planks and satisfied that we were not observed, lifted the heavy iron latch and pulled the gate inwards, enough to make a small gap for us to slip outside once more. He motioned me to come, and I composed myself as best I could, although I knew that my cheeks were still high in colour; we shimmied through the gap and out into the warm summer sun burning high in a cloudless blue sky. It was a beautiful day, as clear as any you could wish for in the midst of the sprawling city, but after the darkness of the warehouse, the bright light hurt my eyes and I shielded them from the glare with the back of my hand.
So intent on what his mouth could achieve he lost track of his lower half, and was given a timely reminder as Sherlock bucked beneath him, wrapping two long legs around his back as he desperately thrust upwards cocks sliding together damp with sweat and pre-ejaculate. The sensations caused by the friction was almost too much as John fought to control the clenching ache in the pit of his gut and thighs that quivered and shook just with the effort of holding himself back from tipping right over the edge.
“There are eyes and ears all over this city John…you can find out almost anything you want to…if you know how…and who…to ask”.
Mycroft hummed thoughtfully “Irritation and inflammation of the nasal passages…yes, I did wonder, but one can’t help but hope, you see”
They were in the right place. The air around them was heavy with the smell of thick, acrid smoke which made his eyes sting and water and caught at the back of his throat. A back gate creaked open to their right, battered red wood set in brick. He gave a nervous jump cursing at his own shattered nerves as a middle-aged man appeared, followed by a fat little dog. He felt a tug on his arm and a hand on the back of his neck, pulling him down into a forceful kiss.
“It’s okay, she’s not here, so come in” John grabbed his arm and pulled him over the threshold. His coat was damp and freezing, flecked with fat flakes of newly fallen snow. Sherlock’s eyes skittered around the room nervously and John was drawn closer, torn between hugging him so tightly he couldn’t breathe and checking on his pulse rate and pupil dilation.
“Is this a joke Mycroft, you can’t seriously be bothered by this, half the student body took drugs that night, so what?” he passed the picture over to John who spared it a cursory glance before handing it back to Mycroft who slotted it carefully back into the envelope. The second image depicted a similarly underage Sherlock, stripped to the waist, and this time caught in the midst of performing a very enthusiastic blow-job. Images three, four and five depicted the same scene from slightly different angles and moments in time. Sherlock on his knees between spread thighs, lips stretched around a long stiff cock, the face of the other boy cropped out of the picture, then the other boy standing, fists curled in soft dark hair with Sherlock clinging to his thighs while he had his face fucked. The final two were of a similar bent, Sherlock lying on the floor with someone else’s hand inside his pants, obviously returning the favour by giving him a wank.
Greg laughed, a deep throaty chuckle that came from his very soul. He looked younger, much less like a cranky old dad and more like a loveable, dopey big brother.
Sherlock groaned inwardly, could he possibly sound even more of an idiot? Nice? What sort of pathetic thing to say was that? John however, didn’t seem to mind at all, in fact he was beaming, humming to himself as he ruffled his fingers through his short blond hair.
He wanted this so much, loved it, being fucked and filled and taken, back arched in ecstasy as John finally pressed inside him, curled over his body. He sucked in a breath at the sting of the stretch, John’s size momentarily overwhelming as it opened his body wide. He rocked back into the motion, no longer in control of himself (if he ever had been) taking every extra inch as it slowly slid inside.
Harry waggled her eyebrows at him suggestively as she popped a tube of Pringles and began stuffing them, into her mouth.
“You know nothing of him, of us”. I tried to keep my voice calm, willed it as I swept another glass from a tray when the waiter swept by, taking it down too fast whilst Irene raised a sardonic eyebrow.
He looked over again as a group of four boys approached Sherlock from behind, friends perhaps, but they really didn’t look his type. The beefy blond in front called out to him as they drew near, but Sherlock walked on in the same relaxed way as if he hadn’t heard. As for what he was saying John couldn’t quite hear, but definitely nothing good, he could tell. It was there in the set of Sherlock’s shoulders and the way his arms tensed at his sides. John quickened his pace.
Perhaps I should have thought to enquire as to our destination for I knew not where we were. Still in the centre of the city I guessed, going by the speed of the carriage and the time it had taken us to get there. John climbed down from on top of me with a shy smile full of apology for my disordered state, although I must admit, he himself looked no better than I for the experience. We brushed ourselves off as best we could, I tucked in my shirt and waited while John in an act of chivalry undid the clasps on my trunk and drew out a jacket and waistcoat, items I had failed to put on in the initial desperate flight. For our heightened colour and sweat-soaked skin there was nothing to be done, the saving grace being that neither one had spilled, not for lack of trying I might add, but still the unmistakable scent of sex hung in the air.
If it was physically possible for the human heart to simultaneously leap and sink at the same time, then that was what happened to John Watson as he stood in the kitchen in his pants, staring at a very naked Sherlock Holmes, framed in the open doorway. His soon-to be ex (sorry I forgot to let you know that little fact while I was shagging this maniac) girlfriend Sara, looked on in horror.
My dream therefore was London, the wide sprawling city alive with possibility, my home now empty to me after such tragic loss. My guardian, an old maid and friend to mama was eager to see me go, the strain of raising a curious young boy too much to bear at her advanced years, pressing into my hand the very last of my meagre inheritance – eight guineas and seventeen shillings in silver.
“Can I go in?” John asked, craning his neck to see around him and cursing at the blinds drawn down tight over the windows and door.
John closed the gap between them in a rush, pushing firmly on Sherlock’s shoulders, backing him towards the bed. His knees gave out as they hit the side of the mattress and they fell in a heap, John sprawled on top of him, mouthing and sucking at his neck like a starving man. Sherlock could only cling to him, long legs lifting to wrap around John’s body as he cradled his skull and pulled lightly at his hair, the thin material of their pyjama’s doing nothing to conceal their erections. John ground their hips together which made Sherlock arch his neck even more. Oh god, he felt like he was drowning.
I knew at once that it was not all, there was another wish in his heart, one not for public consumption.
“Just be careful Sherlock”, Victor frowned, laying a hand on his arm in a surprisingly protective gesture. He was used to Sherlock copping off last minute, but some of his choices could be questionable to put it mildly, and he scanned the room to see just why Sherlock was in such a hurry to leave. “Safe, sane and consensual, right?” he said, wondering how the hell Sherlock could be so blasé, “He gets freaky or tries to get rough or anything, get the hell out of there and call me okay?”.
He pushed the accusing voice to the back of his head as he rode the crest of the high, an electric current sending shivering sparks across the surface of his skin. The craving had never really gone, just dormant, waiting for Sherlock to change his mind, to fuck up, to turn back.
John leapt up with a snarl, determination and fury etched across his face. He leapt at Sherlock with all the force he could muster and shouldered him square in the chest. Sherlock crashed back, breath knocked from his lungs when he felt his back and head connect, the skin of his elbows torn on the rough brick.
“Do not pout so Sherlock”, he said, when once he had caught his breath, as I climbed upon his sprawled-out form and lay myself along the length of him, “Charles has shown us much favour of late and the main of it at his own behest. You only wish to have your wicked way, that I know, and I would not deny you on any account…so, can we say it shall suffer but a small delay this night?”
“Hey there” he said, pulling back so he could once more see my face. “We’ll have none of that nonsense, do you hear me?....Not ever again”. I nodded. “Sherlock?” he said softly and tipped up my chin, “I am the happiest of men to count you amongst my friends, and never doubt, ever again that you have a family who loves you truly”.
He thought it highly unlikely that anywhere frequented by upper middle class art students would be a ‘drug-free’ environment, as he recalled the boarding school he had attended until this year, and the ridiculously high volume of Class A drugs which circulated amongst the student body, while the staff remained oblivious. Not that he had abstained himself, a joint, a line or two of coke here and there, mostly just to stave off the mind-numbing boredom of institutional education (and to piss off Mycroft).
“Whatever he thinks he knows, he’s wrong” the voice rasped again “and who’s gonna believe some little junkie whore…oh yeah, we know all about that too babe, got some gorgeous home movies too, would get a million hits easy I would say…might just have to put that to the test… but just so he gets the message loud and clear you’re gonna help us show him we mean exactly what we say… enough talk.….let him have it Mick”
“Not at all Victor, we are old family friends are we not?” Mycroft smiled, calculating and predatory, “And would that account for your presence in Sherlock’s room?....you wishing to offer your….
“True…but I’m not too sure if she’s ready to meet you…not after ….what she heard, and sorry for not telling mum yet too…I’m a fucking coward I know…. maybe we should head down to the pub and throw a little alcohol into the mix and I’ll drop it when we get back, yeah?..... Shall we finish this thing?” John pulled away reluctantly and poked the airbed with his toe and if anything, it looked flatter than it had when he’d started.
It was obviously morning break, the school grounds humming with the distant chatter of several hundred children all in one space. And Sherlock. Sherlock would be in there too. He wouldn’t have to go in and ask – it was better this way.
“Luck be with you John….Hup there”, Jim softly called, and the horses took off, quickly moving out of sight as we stood still and watched, till the hoof beats faded to nothing, and I gently touched John’s arm to rouse him.
He pulled back with a jerk and wiped the back of his hand across his mouth. It was a reflex reaction, and then he felt like an idiot because what if Sherlock was offended, and why did he care anyway, it was just a blow-back wasn’t it?, and not even a proper one really. Not an actual kiss or anything.
“Oh, you know. Just stuff. People.” Sherlock shrugged. He was avoiding the question with a non-answer, John knew, but he didn’t want to push, not yet.
They walked across a gravel drive towards a sleek black car, the lock popped open, John opened the passenger side door and climbed inside.
“Yes, well the only flavour Mycroft’s sex life comes in is boring Vanilla” Sherlock laughed despite himself.
“Oh god Sara, I’m so, so sorry. I’m not going to stand here and pretend that wasn’t what it looked like, because it’s exactly what it looked like, and I’m the world’s biggest dick, I know. I meant to call, I should’ve called, it just….it just…..sort of…happened…..I don’t even know how….I…..I…” he trailed off, unsure how to continue.
“Are you going to tell him? I think not….the evil predator who defiled his baby brother? They’d be pulling your cold dead corpse out of the Thames by the end of the week”.
John should have minded that, he was nobodies lackey, and proud of that fact, but he didn’t, cause this was something more, he could feel it stirring in the pit of his gut.
“I swear I saw them Seb…Watson and the new boy Holmes, I was looking out of the common room window and they were there, hanging around the storage shed, the Quidditch one in the….”
“That one” Sherlock broke the silence at last, pointing at a mark on his skin, identical in looks to every other, “That scar right there, it nearly ended me….I overdosed in June….not on purpose, you have to believe me John….I just took too much one night, which for me must have been a fucking lot” he gave a harsh mirthless laugh.
“The terrace is but six more houses long this way, but there is another, a young guide like the last to guide us back to the thoroughfare.”
“Shit, not enough” he huffed in annoyance. “Look, you take the tenner and get a cab, can’t have you getting suspended from school or something”
“That was barely four months ago Victor, you’ve been gone a hell of a lot longer than that, try again”
He was fast god dammit, but John didn’t dare ask him to slow down. Their feet pounded along the pavement as Sherlock steered them deftly through the throng at breakneck speed while Jim and his cronies thundered along , not gaining any ground on them, but not exactly falling behind. John stumbled as his body sagged, hunger and fatigue choosing the worst possible moment to get the better of him.
“Perhaps,” John echoed my own words, lips tilted in the slightest of smiles as he looked at me in wonderment, “But you do not know him as I do. You are much too generous of nature to think he may be capable of compassion or forgiveness. How can it be that you wish to mend bridges, while I, his son, would itch to put a pistol to his head? I would never forgive him, even if he begged me on his knees for what he did to you.”
“It is my father”, John said, before he even read it, the wax seal unbroken, the note still clutched in his hand, “All is well Sarah, go now Sarah, you did right to take it and I’d far rather you have the advantage of it than any other in this house”. She bobbed a curtsy, relief on her delicate features and retreated with an anxious glance to John.
The outcome would be well worth it, the chance to get a full-on close up of Sherlock’s magnificent cock.
“God… just look at you…look how much you want it…” John gasped as he kicked his jeans the rest of the way off and crawled over Sherlock’s prone form, caging his body between his forearms. Sherlock stretched his head up, desperate for a kiss, back arching from the floor.
“As tempting as that sounds…perhaps you’re right, and anyway, I thought we had already established John, that you are the one in charge tonight”.
“Nice to see you too Sherlock” Sherlock flipped over on the mattress and in one smooth movement stood up, using his extra height to full advantage, he loomed over John and pressed him back into the cold plaster wall.
He let the words sink in, watching John’s face carefully to gauge his reaction, then meekly held out his arm for inspection. John felt numb. Yes, that was the best he could manage. It wasn’t exactly a massive leap from what he already knew, and Sherlock certainly fit the profile, personality wise, and…He stopped, checked himself, aware of the detatched clinical way his train of thought had taken. It felt weird discussing this here, in the middle of the club.
He was appalling, and Mycroft was incandescent with rage, and the angrier he got the more Sherlock screwed around losing count of nights spent with a different naked body pressed against him in the dark.
‘Nothing, not a farthing was left, my inheritance such as it was came from my mother, a few trinkets and baubles that she had no daughter to pass along to, the lawyer could not trace my brother, no death, no marriage, not that I ever imagined there would be, and no record of him leaving the country’
Jesus Christ he was fucked, John didn’t know how, but he was sure the bastard could tell there was something weird and quite possibly inappropriate going on inside his head, and now for god’s sake, he was going to have to share a room with him aswell?
John stood nervously at Sherlock’s side as he moved to the back door and looked at the lock thoughtfully. It was lucky, the Hudson’s had seemingly resisted the temptation to replace all the exterior wooden doors and window frames with hideous UPVC monstrosities, good news for the environment, and also good news for Sherlock’s house-breaking skills. The lock clicked loudly.
“Well you have my sympathy then, because I’m not a great person to know, not lately anyway…shit, sorry, but sometimes I just wish I’d never been born”
‘Will you not undress’, I gasped when at last I found my voice, and turned within his arms to come face to face at last, no longer willing to be denied the sight of him. His eyes had grown so dark the iris had almost gone black as he drank in my naked form.
Of course, Sebastian, having been in Sherlock’s form class as well as his dorm building, would be well versed in all of Sherlock’s ‘misdemeanours’.
“Oh aye…before I…before we…before”, he floundered and I cursed my wandering mind and tongue, and did not press him further. We all had a past, a life we were running from or were desperate to find a way back to.
“Think you can play games little elf?… then think again” he growled, biting hungrily at the soft white skin of Sherlock’s neck. Sherlock tossed his head back with a broken moan as John marked him up with a pleasing little row of livid purple bruises, placed so high, they would be impossible to cover up.
Sherlock’s heart was beating out of his chest as he waited for John to give his consent. His mother was awake now and listened to every word, blinking up at her son as tears of joy ran down her face.
John was only half-joking, the events of the past week all too clear in his mind and the physical evidence still visible on his skin. The threat was still very real, but he felt a frisson of excitement just the same.
“It’s okay mother, don’t fret, you need to get out of this damp air is all” he tucked the scratchy wool blankets around her and plumped up the pillows as best as he could to elevate her head. He wished he could open a window to let in some new air, but the London smog was rolling in tonight, dragged up the Thames on the evening tide. It would only make things worse.
He crossed the room in halting steps, and tried not to notice the irritating smirk that pointedly, wasn’t directed at him. The bastard knew, and he was enjoying this.
“Look”, John began again, voice softer this time “I got into a fair bit of trouble myself at school, after my Dad died, fighting, arguing with teachers, buggering off in the middle of the day because I couldn’t be arsed with any of it, and it’s just a guess, but I reckon you were trying to get expelled. You, getting caught smoking at school, really Sherlock? They only caught you because you wanted to be caught”
John excused himself as soon as he thought polite, and walked away. Suddenly it felt a little hard to breathe.
His abdomen gave a painful twinge and he clenched his thighs together…..oh god… Sherlock needed a piss, badly, from the four cups of vodka and coke he had drunk, but he hardly trusted himself to stand up. The room kept on moving and spinning around him so he put his hands on the floor to balance, but that didn’t help. He eventually got onto his hands and knees and gingerly hauled himself up from the floor.
“Permission to come aboard Captain” John called out with a grin as he reached the top, his fingers gripping the sides of the low wooden hut.
He kissed away my shameful tears with such tenderness that I feared they would spring forth anew, but despite my protestations he would not go on, and withdrew his softened cock the skin smarting as if lit afire when he pulled it out of my body. It was not the first, he said, his size had cause to cool his passionate pursuits before and that it was both a blessing and a curse to be so generously endowed. But, he assured me, there were things that could be done, ways to dull the pain and to ease the penetration. We would try again.
John heard the front door bang as his mother and Malcolm returned for wherever they had disappeared to an hour ago. He had already served up tea for himself, Harry and Mike, otherwise it would have been ruined. It took one look at his mother’s face when she walked into the kitchen to work out where it was she had been to. He prayed that he was wrong.
“And I likewise”, I answered, too simply perhaps. For Tom in truth looked magnificent in chestnut-brown breeches which showed the strong lines and muscles of his thighs to their finest advantage, a soft linen shirt of ivory and a waistcoat of the same hue with gold applique at the pocket and a row of gleaming gold buttons. His chestnut top-coat strained across his broad strong shoulders and sandy brown waves of hair flopped endearingly over one eye. He saw the admiration in my gaze, I think, roaming freely up and down the length of him. It pleased me when it raised a colour to his cheeks and he pushed the errant waves back from his forehead, face flushed with discomfiture and pleasure.
He really did look like an impossible angel, John thought as he slowly leaned forward and touched his lips to Sherlock’s beautiful mouth. The soft little gasp lit a fire inside John as those soft, pink lips parted and invited him inside. No hesitation this time, John swept his tongue around Sherlock’s mouth, kissing him gently at first and then harder as the slender body pressed against him started to respond, pushing down on the back of John’s head and moving his hips a little closer. He didn’t even know if Sherlock had been kissed before, and thrilled to the thought that he could be the first.
“And you”, said Victor, sitting up and rubbing his eyes, “Look exactly like someone who got his arse fucked last night. Nice decoration”, he added, pointing to Sherlock’s throat.
Sherlock paused at the foot of the stairs leading up to 221B. He placed a foot tentatively on the bottom step and let it hold his body weight for a moment, the old wood creaked faintly. He began to climb, right hand trailing up the bannister, counting seventeen steps until he stood before a faded green door. John followed behind, the aroma of Chinese takeaway scenting the air around him. Sherlock tried the handle and the door swung inward, hinges protesting with a metallic screech. They peered in to a large, high-ceilinged room, two large windows hung with heavy green drapes, bare wooden floorboards, warped and pitted with age. Garish patterned wallpaper covered most of the room and a long squashy old leather sofa was pushed up against the wall to their right, the only furniture in the generous space. A fireplace stood at the opposite end, bookshelves in each alcove, empty, waiting to be filled with words, with life.
A good enough answer as far as John was concerned, as he noticed a door which he hoped was hiding an en-suite bathroom. He couldn’t have walked another step, so if it turned out to be a walk- in wardrobe he was fucked.
The sounds of activity had greatly increased by this time heralding the arrival of the band of young marauder’s, a signal to Tom that our meal was come to an end and that I should make haste to my room while he assisted with the gathering. I gave up any further attempts at my meal as a lost cause and we made our way back down along the hall to part ways at the foot of the stairs, but were brought to an abrupt halt when the door of the receiving room burst open spilling out the sounds of joyous laughter and song. And from this scene of merriment burst two fine young gentleman, barely older than myself and as Tom had predicted, well pickled in alcohol with shirt collars untied and several waistcoat buttons popped mindless of decorum.
“Look, I’m sorry, I’m a thoughtless git…..let me teach you. I taught my sister when she was six and she’s a bloody fantastic seeker…..don’t ever tell her that though…..got to keep up the pretence of sibling rivalry and all that”
It was only a matter of time though… he might have another week or two at best and there was always Greg to worry about too, Mycroft’s handy sniffer dog, annoyingly immune to all Sherlock’s tricks who had seen straight through him the very first time they had met, speaking of which….
“Because you have a talent for trouble Sherlock dear, I am your mother after all, and know your habits only too well, and you’re being rather rude too, aren’t you going to introduce me to this charming young man?”
Imagine reader if you will a strapping young man between eighteen and nineteen years with a tousled mass of dusky blond hair shading a face on which the full bloom of youth was painted in rose and gold, untouched by his evenings excess. Beautifully bordered lids were closed in sleep, concealing the azure blue which I knew to be present there, framed by the longest thickest lashes and two perfect arched brows to grace the whole, and lips I could scarce tear my eyes from swollen into a luscious pout as if a bee had lately stung them. I stepped forward and knelt down beside the chair. My eyes traced the smooth white skin of his neck exposed to the air by a shirt collar, unbuttoned, down the steady rise and fall of his chest relaxed in sleep to a hand that rested along the outer edge of his sturdy thigh. I know not why I did it, but my hand reached forward unbidden and gently raised his own to my lips. I kissed that sweet palm, laying it against my cheek with a sigh as I breathed in the warm masculine scent of him, jumping back and falling on my arse on the floor as he stirred, blinking in confusion in the muted dawn light. I blushed as he focused his bleary gaze upon me, suddenly aware of my state of undress, half-naked in undershirt and drawers and shamed at being caught with my hands upon him without his express consent.
Sherlock tried to conceal his smile of satisfaction as a plan of action formulated in his head. Mrs Hudson was still talking, he realised and now was hardly the time to apply his mental filter.
He consented to another cup of tea instead and another small piece of toast and honey, just to see mama smile at him again.
Sherlock nodded, stroking a hand up the length of his cock to bring it back to hardness. John pulled back and slammed forward again, shoving him up the mattress a little. He winced, the feeling still on the wrong side of uncomfortable, but getting there, a warm tingle spreading through him.
Sebastian gurgled and choked, legs scrabbling wildly on the Chinese rug, hands clawing and scratching at John’s arms, trying to release the pressure around his neck.
The streets were crowded that day for the weather was fine, and we walked a little at first to take the air which I had not seen much of in my confinement. To my nose it stank, the noxious scents of the fish market by the river drifting up upon the mid-day tide, and a pervading smell of rot and decay overlaying all. It was a far cry from the rolling heather moorlands of my home in Rossendale, and summer days spent by the sea at Morecombe bay, but I would not regret, for every wrong step I had made upon my path had brought me here.
I did cry this time, twin tracks of hot salty liquid coursing down my face as I ran, blurred and blind down the stairs and into the passageway. I heard shouts at my back as I burst through the door, shrieks and screams of rage and frustration at the flight of the bird from its gilded cage. But I was much too fast, giddy on adrenaline and fear but oh so filled with joyful exuberance as I pounded across the cobbled street and leapt up into the carriage that I knew stood waiting for me.
“Never can be too careful these days, the drugs problem is getting so much worse all over London, don’t want that sort in my pub. I like to think it’s a family place you know, somewhere you could bring the granny and the kids” explained the harassed looking fifty-something, graying hair and goatee, trying to look ten years younger, Sherlock thought as he listened intently.
I did my best to appear indisposed, the sweaty curls that clung to my forehead giving an illusion of truth to the falsehood. I swear he believed none of it, if our mutual state of disarray did not give us away the place where he had encountered us surely would, Covent Garden was known as the square of Venus, the much famed residence of the London whore. If I had left my trunk behind perhaps we may have passed as two young patrons off home after a night with a mistress rather than an employee on the run. He said nought. I should imagine he had borne witness to much vice of this kind and was not so easily shocked.
“Ah Mycroft, always a pleasure, I think we gave him a fucking heart attack that morning, I’m only thankful he didn’t burst in on us when I actually had you tied to the bed”
“Nervous?” John called from across the room. He was dressed now, in smart black trousers and a plain white t-shirt which hugged every dip and curve of muscle. The neck-line dipped in the slightest of vee’s to reveal a tantalising ridge of collarbone. He looked unbearably gorgeous. Sherlock struggled to meet John’s eyes, distracted by the flash of creamy skin.
Sherlock’s fingers dipped into the tray of hot food and held up the offending object for John’s inspection between forefinger and thumb, and from the expression on his face you would have thought it was a bloody hand grenade with the pin pulled out. It was approximately six inches long and dripping in grease.
Remember friends - MICROSOFT DON'T CALL YOU AT HOME. IF ANYONE CALLS, CLAIMING TO REPRESENT THEM, HANG UP, IT'S A SCAM.
‘Wild and impetuous that one, just like you master Sherlock’, the groomsman had said, and Sherlock had laughed as he fisted tight handfuls of raven hair and squeezed her flanks hard between his skinny adolescent thighs. It was intoxicating to feel such power beneath him, the bunch and flex of muscle and the rush of the wind in his ears like a violent storm sweeping by.
The Intelligence Office was a heaving throng of London’s poor and desperate as Irene pushed me forward to present myself for what I can only describe as ‘inspection’, prodded and poked as I was like a prize cow at a country fayre.
Sherlock could feel Sebastian’s eyes burning a hole in the side of his face. He turned to glare at him and Seb sniggered, shaking his head in obvious amusement. He leaned closer and whispered in a low voice.
Soft brown eyes stared back at him, and the pain that he'd managed to push to one side, rose quickly to the surface again.
It just made Sherlock cling harder and rock faster against him, until he gripped his hips to make him stop.
‘No indeed, do not misunderstand, you would have a place here always, gladly, but the law boys, I could have the law down on me if this reaches the wrong ear’.
‘People will talk’ I said, ‘and those of your circle will know with full certainty that I am no cousin to you, you take a great risk if we were to continue’. I looked away and worried at the skin of my lip with my teeth, breaking through the tender skin.
“Indeed?” he laughed, “And as I have taken it upon myself to indulge your every whim that is in my power to do so, I thank you for your candid words and accept”.
The next part was easy, muscle memory, chopping and grinding with the sharp plastic edge, until even the minutest of clumps were eliminated, as fine as sieved icing sugar, before being cut into neat symmetrical lines.
“Is this any good?” He held up a cassette box for John’s inspection, The Stone Roses, he recognised the cover. If this kid hadn’t heard them before he must have been living under a rock. He was pale enough.
Sherlock hopped up and sat on the cold damp surface, taking out the needle and bottle from his pocket, weighing them in his hand. Did he really need to do this? Could he wait a few more hours? The answers were no, and possibly, a good enough reason to stop this now. But Sherlock had never claimed to be good, quite the opposite in fact, and John knew and accepted that. Better get on with it then.
“Don’t get into any trouble while I’m away squirt” he had said, before he drove off, winding down the window to wave until the car rounded the corner at the end of the street. Sherlock had stood for at least ten minutes more, just staring at the tyre marks on the ground where the car had been.
“Ask Mummy for a sprig of mistletoe Sherlock, and when he comes back from his midnight tryst you might catch him unawares”
Shit, they had two weeks of this waking up together, sharing a bed…and whatever else without the need to face down a roomful of students and Professors each day. If they wanted to, for the holiday’s at least, it would be easy to avoid all unnecessary contact with the rest of the human race. The thought was more than a little tempting.
Sherlock’s stomach roiled with resentment and frustration as he vowed not to behave in the way that he believed Mycroft wanted and expected.
“Look, if it’s that big a deal then don’t….you’re obviously not ready to relinquish the tenuous hold on your oh so dull heteronormative associations….perhaps I read things wrong”
He hummed with pleasure, vibrating along the length of John’s cock, and John gripped his hair tighter and fucked forward into his mouth. He sucked John down further, as far as he could go, and it was glorious, choking a little on his length when John jerked forward again, a bit too far. Hot liquid pooled at the corners of his eyes and his lips were a wet mess of drool, but there was nothing better than this, Sherlock knew, not a single damn thing, than on his knees for John, sucking on his dick.
“Don’t you want me to?....” John gestured in the general…downstairs area and blushed rather embarrassingly.
Anthea and Charlotte left around ten, and the rest of the guests soon after, leaving only Sebastian and Mason, waiting for the return of Mycroft’s driver. They retired to the study where a warm fire crackled in the grate, orange flames casting sinister shadows around the room. John sat on the long squashy sofa set at a right-angle to the hearth and Sherlock flopped down beside him, stretching out, cat-like with his head resting in John’s lap, closing his eyes as John’s fingertips drifted through his curls, smoothing them back from his brow and tucking them around his ears.
Sherlock thought it prudent to leave at this point as John looked more embarrassed than pleased by the cloying female attention bearing down on him from all sides. He would offer John a way out of their smothering torture and they might get some time to themselves into the bargain, and that was suddenly important, to be alone with him.
It was frustrating. He got the jealousy, the insecurity, really he did, he would feel the same in John’s position after what he’d done, but he just couldn’t give him the answer John was looking for to justify his own actions that night, not with things as they were, with the hole in his memory, a nameless, faceless spectre that haunted him constantly.
“Ah, right….and what happened to ‘not your fucking counsellor’?”, because it had to be said, and it still stung, the arrogant bastard.
“Hey, no probs short arse, but maybe you should listen to your head next time, instead of your dick”, he grinned good naturedly, as they joined the end of the queue which wound outwards from the main doors.
I must confess that I did not fully understand what was to be the nature of our arrangement, if that be the appropriate term. What was I to be to him, a friend (perhaps not given what had lately passed between us), a lover then, or a convenient bed-mate? This last I dismissed as the cruel trick of a knave which I was sure that John could never be, but still whatever our relationship was to be in our eyes I was not naïve enough to believe that the society at large would approve, the risks being well established in that respect.
Sherlock had been given a small private room in which to practice before the performance. He didn’t need it of course, he never did, the melodies were already laid out in delicate swirls and patterns in his head.
It was just sex after all, just one last time John had said, then they would part and it would just be another memory to add to all the rest, another notch on the bedpost.
Sherlock wasn’t sure how he ought to respond. No-one ever thought it was nice to meet him. At best he’d been told it was an interesting experience – but not the good sort of interesting. He was quite alarmed at how utterly tongue-tied he felt, which was not his normal state of being by any stretch of the imagination. Perhaps now was not the time to admit he’d never been invited back to a friend’s let alone interact with said friends’ parents once there. Come to think of it, he never voluntarily had friends. The closest he’d come in that regard being Victor, maybe, or Molly Hooper, who in her awkward bumbling way was marginally more intelligent than the common herd and who he could actually manage to hold a decent conversation with once her nerves at Sherlock’s proximity settled and she’d regained control of her vocal chords. In a totally abstract way Sherlock was aware that he should have responded to the question by now, but he couldn’t think past John’s hand on his arm. Something about friends, and John, and the…sun?
Sherlock threw John a sympathetic glance. That would be more of a punishment than a prize, Christ, he would rather kiss Mary and she had bloody well shot him!
As the music started up again, Sherlock moved with effortless grace across the room, and even though John knew squat about ballet he knew enough to spot good technique and flawless execution in the intricate series of steps, leaps and spins he sped through while barely breaking a sweat.
“Are you sure we have time for this….I mean we could always wait if you have important government business to attend to…” Greg teased casually.
“Hush then” John said darkly shoving his hand down the front of my breeches and pushing my small-clothes aside to seek his prize. “Or shall I hush you myself, for I know how you love to make noise.”
“Oh my god, this night has been insane, that has to be the maddest thing I’ve ever done” John laughed as they fought to see who could get up the narrow, winding staircase that led to the dorms, the fastest.
John wasn’t embarrassed to strip in front of strangers, and besides, the servants had likely seen it all before, and he sort of knew that he looked pretty good naked, one or two girls had told him so. The ones he had managed to get on their backs, that is, and they wouldn’t have been doing that at all if they didn’t fancy him a little bit.
“You are not the same,” said John, reading my mind with an ease bordering on embarrassing. Was I truly so transparent?  “Mrs Turner treated you abominably, but you must know by reputation her house is deemed respectable within my circle, and when I came upon you, you were still pure, an innocent. There is nothing to be shamed by, or to make me think any less of you, and if anything could prove that, I can only hope this night has.”
“Ah…John” he cried out, curling around John’s back as his warm liquid release pulsed into him And John was spilling his load all over the towel draped beneath his legs, tipped over the edge by the thought of Sherlock coming with his cock still in his arse.
“Your dad’s hotel you said, you own the fucking place…so who knocked the cameras out hmm? Who has a master key hmm? Are you that sad, are you that desperate that you couldn’t back the fuck off and let him be happy for once?”
“You might want to shut your mouth John, you’re starting to drool” Harry whispered in his ear, and he hurriedly ducked his head, quickly trying to swallow the half-chewed mouthful of food and hide his blazing face. He pressed a hand to his stomach in an attempt to quell the strange feeling swirling around inside him.
“I’ve been so bad Sir” he said, in a voice both younger and higher than his usual velvet tones, biting his bottom lip timidly for maximum effect.
“Yes to all of it sir….and thank you from the bottom of my heart….but I didn’t save Sherlock’s life today…he saved mine”
“Why would you do that? Were you trying off yourself? Or was it just another fucking game to you, like let’s fuck Victor….how much can my body take before it breaks? Jesus Christ Sherlock, were you that unhappy?”
He set off along the street, guided by the stench in the air and the general hum of activity. As they rounded the corner the scene unfolded, several police cars and an ambulance still waiting outside a cordoned-off house, the crew milling around drinking tea out of Styrofoam cups. That increased the likelihood of casualties, the lack of urgency suggestive of the fact the victims (if there were any) were well beyond help.
But John, so sweet and pure of heart was not to be outdone as he grabbed me full about the arse, digging deep into those soft mounds of flesh. He pulled me to him and ground my naked cock against the rough chafing centre. ‘Does gentle not suit’, he growled as I squirmed against him torn between taking my pleasure and pulling apart from him, ‘Take care sweet virgin, for you play a dangerous game’.
If he was lucky the house would be empty for the rest of the day, and if the Headmaster made this quick, he might get home just in time to watch Jeremy Kyle on tv.
Life before Sherlock just didn’t seem real anymore, a shadow world that just didn’t make sense, because who the hell was he without Sherlock?, who the hell had he been? A lie, that’s what, his whole damn existence a fucking charade. But it was terrible and amazing and he was so fucking scared at the depth of his feelings and the lack of control he had over them.
” She grinned triumphantly at them both. “If it was up to me, every time you showed up at a scene, I’d slap you in cuffs”
Charles gestured to his lawyers clothes, a sober black waistcoat and overcoat, and trousers of a deep charcoal grey. “The eye skips over unremarkable things. It would not be seen out of turn for me to drink here after a day at the Bar, but your finery catches the eye does it not? It will make your presence here of note.”
So predictably, that was the moment the hall lights chose to snap on, and just when they were getting to the good part, Sherlock fumed. Trust his fat-faced brother to stick his abnormally large nose in the middle of what had, mere seconds before, potentially been the best kiss of his life. Still, they struck a more than arresting tableau. John in his leather jacket, hair mussed and face flushed with guilt with his fingers still half caught in Sherlock’s tangled mop in a very un-platonic, semi-clinch.
I shifted a little, an experimental roll of my hips in simulation of what was to come and as reassurance that I wanted this, craved this, to be seduced and loved and fucked by John. His eyes fluttered closed and he groaned aloud, matching my movements with a slow, torturous dance of his own, ‘Please’, I gasped, lifting up my legs to wrap around his back to pull him harder into me, startled by my own, deep desperation to feel his long thick cock inside my body.
(Boyfriend? Is that what John was? His boyfriend? – he felt a warm glow in his chest at the thought).
Excellent, he had embarrassed himself so much apparently, that John couldn’t even bear to face him, sending a messenger up with a stupid fucking well-meaning bottle of water instead.
He regretted the words as soon as they left his lips, because they just weren’t true, he was a monster before that, he had created himself. He folded his arms defensively across his chest.
He followed her into the tiny kitchen and poked at a pot that stood on the hearth. Well, at least it wasn’t burnt. That was the best you could say about the thin, greasy stew, whipped from the fire before Jim came knocking, and now cooling in congealed lumps that made his stomach turn.
“I might have let mama know that father was needed at home…we can help you John, please let us do it…for all three of you” he wouldn’t be sorry for this, John must understand.
Sherlock rested his hands lightly on John’s shoulders and bent his head down to place a soft, sweet kiss on the back of his neck, right on the place where hair met sensitive skin. He shivered, goose-bumps rising to pepper his flesh.
“You’re wound so tight I could see you vibrating from across the room Myc, for fuck’s sake relax, the stress is pouring off you in waves”
It was eleven thirty and filling up nicely, they only had a short wait in the queue outside , not enough time to freeze their bollocks off, before they were enveloped in garish décor and loud pulsing dance music. John could feel the beat vibrating in his bones as he struggled to take in his surroundings. It was an assault on the senses, not a trace of beer or sticky carpets, overlaid with a faint trace of piss or vomit, instead, a million different perfumes and colognes fought for dominance, everything just….glittered… from the shining tiles on the floor, to the disco balls rotating on the ceiling, to the drag queens in full glamorous evening gowns sporting the entire contents of the Boots and Superdrug make-up counters added together. It should have been awful, the stuff of hallucinogenic nightmares, but….the overall effect was magical, and he couldn’t stop the wide grin that threatened to split his face in two.
“Over there dear” Mrs Hudson indicated with her head in the direction of the kitchen as she caught Sherlock’s eye.
Sarah was forbidden from entering my room. ‘Not that I would even try’ she had exclaimed, staring in disbelief at the seemingly haphazard mess. But it made sense to me, in a peculiar way, as I sat cross-legged in the middle of it all, in silent contemplation salting away what we had learned in a vault inside my head.
He could work this out, he knew he could, but not at John’s expense, that was unacceptable. Before John he would have shot Greg down, not tell him a word and investigate himself regardless of the threat to his own personal safety, but now something far more important was at stake.
They both jolted and winced at the crash from within the room, a metallic clang as a kidney shaped vomit-bowl was hurled by someone inside, crashing onto the hard tiled floor and rattling madly as it settled. John raised both eyebrows, the occasion seemed to warrant it as the noise was accompanied by the sound of raised voices, one deep, the other deeper in the midst of an extremely animated argument.
We sat, and I raised up my eyebrow at John who just smiled and rolled his eyes. I would not even have the illicit thrill of our hands brushing close when we ate, or the press of a thigh as I shifted in my seat. The lady to my right was unknown to me and spoke to her neighbour instead. It suited me well.
Sherlock’s eyes scanned the darkened room, picking out work-tops and appliances, table and chairs, checking for anything out of place, out of the ordinary. Mrs Hudson was obviously house-proud. Nothing was extravagant though, everything well used, but well-loved and cared for. His eyes rested on a dirty plate, sitting on the kitchen table, one plate, the chair pushed back, the others all neatly tucked in their places. A knife lay beside the plate, no fork. Sherlock frowned.
He could tell by John’s eyes and the slump of his shoulders, even with his back half-turned that the words were genuine. John always had been so hard to read and impossible to fool, that was why they had worked so well, despite the seventeen year age difference. The chemistry had been there, right from the start, and it was still there, but maybe too much had happened to go back now.
He rocked his hips against him, feeling John’s own hardness in return. John lowered his mouth to Sherlock’s chest with a growl and… oh god…flicked a nipple with the tip of his tongue through the light cotton barrier and sucked until the fabric was thoroughly wet.
The first inhalation burned at my throat and I coughed, but the man placed the stem at my lips once more and nodding he bid me take in some more, and so I did, letting the vapour curl into my lungs, a little unsure where I was and what had brought me here. My skin itched, tiny prickles like a million fire ants crawling across my skin, and a sweat broke out upon my brow, running in a thin trickle down the side of my face to pool in the crook of my neck. John would lick it. Scoop up the liquid on his tongue. John. Who was John? Who was gone. John was gone. Laughter bubbled in my chest as small sure fingers loosened the kerchief around my neck. I could not make sense of it, my waistcoat undone, air on my skin as my chest was exposed. A hand plucked the pipe from my grasp and another pressed me back to the floor. I felt warm lips press onto my own, a tongue that probed for admittance. I complied, opened my mouth to let them in. Who? Who was it? My lids would not open, two hands held them shut, more hands on my body, more lips, tongues, teeth…so many, where had they come from? I gasped, and arched into the touch. Where was I? At home in my bed, fingers tangled in soft blond hair as he trailed soft kisses down my body, his warm palm pressed against my hardening cock. I wanted it….I needed it…
I blushed at the truth of his words and he stifled my moan with his free hand clamped against my mouth, sweeping his other along the length of my cock; I arched helplessly into his touch, already grown stiff and pulsating with heat. It was such an exquisite torture. He had been like this for many days, at any moment whether opportune or otherwise he cared not for any consequence, seeking the comfort of my body like a man possessed. Light touches on the arm or the length of my thigh in a carriage, caresses upon my cheek, dragging my head to the side to mouth at my neck and mark the skin a dark purple beneath the silk of my cravat. It was unseemly, debauched and desperate he would fall upon his knees in front of me in the darkness of an alley as we made our way home in the early evening gloom, head bobbing and sucking me down in earnest while all I could do was grip firmly at the hair on the crown of his head whilst I shivered to my completion between his lips.
It was Christmas Eve and Sherlock hung out of his bedroom window blowing smoke rings up into the sky. All protests regarding his room had fallen on deaf ears and Mummy was simply cross with him now.
John Watson slid on to the bench at the Gryffindor table in the Great Hall. It was breakfast time and he was absolutely famished after an impromptu early morning Quidditch practice. After the teams’ dismal performance against Ravenclaw last week, they needed all the extra practice time they could get because the next match against Slytherin after the Christmas break would be a damn sight tougher.
“Er right, erm….I’ll just leave now…shall I?....you guys obviously have a lot to talk about…erm…catch you later John mate”. He turned to leave.
John groaned and closed his eyes. He leant back enough to rest his head against the wall. His body felt heavy and slow, like it does when you first wake up from a really deep sleep, or on a Sunday morning when you stay in bed late just for the hell of it cause there’s nothing to get up for. He was high, absolutely fucking baked and his parents would kill him if they ever found out about this, which they wouldn’t he tried to tell himself, because they weren’t here and he was out of fucks to give right now anyway.
John looked on in confusion, not having made the connection yet, that his father frequented the whore-houses too, but with intent to seek out young virginal boys to despoil in a sickening belief in his dominance and prowess. How many had he touched, how many had he ruined? I could only count my blessings that I had not been among them.
“Just do as he says Sherlock” John tugged on his arm. Greg was in a hurry and it wouldn’t help his case if Sherlock hung around just to cause a scene. Best just get him out of the way.
Greg always gave the most gloriously filthy blow-jobs, plenty of tongue and saliva, good and wet, laving over the sensitive head with perfect pressure, sucking down deep until Mycroft could bloody well feel the back of his throat, then swallowing around him, throat contracting, while gently teasing his balls, a slick wet thumb gently massaging the sensitive skin behind, slowly circling closer and closer to that tight, hidden pucker…
“You are cruel”, I said, “For how could I walk away from this spot without it in my hand? And you, you had the nerve to call me trickster, when all along you had planned this, letting me believe that you meant only to give a small token while scheming to spend ten times more?”
He stared down at Sherlock, flushed and sweating, held down against the bedroom floor. He looked debauched already, neck peppered with purple bruises, tight, erect nipples surrounded by John’s red teeth-marks, a reminder of their post-gig punch-up and fuck.
“You know I would not leave you, not for any pretty young maid…nothing compares you must know that? Tell me you know that or I cannot be happy, truly I cannot…please Sherlock”. He crawled across the bed towards me and caught me up again, pitching me forward, and so we fell back down and I lay as he pinned me a wrist each side of my head and smothered my body with kiss after kiss, laying a burning, wet trail.
She really is rather good at this, Sherlock thinks, it could provide a very lucrative career path for an independent-minded girl like Irene.
They’d been passing The Bull at the time, where John’s mates would no doubt, be stood in their usual spot in the nook by the pool table – the perfect place to check out the sixth-form girls who always gathered in a cluster by the bar, specifically there because the rugby team was. And on any other night John would be right in the midst of it, drinking too much and joining in with the lairy banter. But not tonight. Because right now, on this night, it sounded too loud, raucous and altogether unappealing in a way he’d never considered before. John knew exactly what, or rather who, had changed his mind. He stole another quick glance across at Sherlock, hoping against hope he hadn’t misread this, that there was a spark of something brewing, and when he felt the message come through moments after, John didn’t need to look to know exactly what it would say:
“Direction of travel, towards Covent Garden but skirting round the edge, not heading through, the cobbles are more worn a greater proportion of ruts and holes, the driver has slowed but the roads are not busy, he means to spare the horse and pick the kindest route. I could smell the market at first, but now it has gone again, the hooves have lost much of their echo, lower buildings set more widely apart. Chelsea.” I finished as Tom eyed the closed dark blinds he’d drawn tight across the windows when we’d first climbed into the carriage, consternation and confusion etched upon his brow.
“I used to do this a lot you know John, every weekend, it was one of the reasons I was expelled from my last school” they strolled towards a promising looking pub, not too busy, room at the bar, half-decent music pumping in muffled bursts every time the door opened and closed.
Sherlock looked up in surprise as John moved in closer, pressed against him on the right-hand side. He ran his hand down the length of his arm and stopped at his hand, the one not currently nursing a drink, and squeezed softly, rough fingers pressing into his skin. He squeezed back for reassurance but didn’t let go, and several more minutes had passed before he realised they were still holding hands.
So here he was, pressed against the wall in the hallway of 221B fulfilling his promise to let Sherlock inspect his cock. He had a fucking big mouth sometimes. Of course, there must be better ways to do this than wedged between the door and the stairs, with your pants round your ankles so your flatmate can inspect your balls with a pocket magnifying glass while waxing lyrical about the even spread of pubic hair….
“It is a bath my love, nothing more…but let me tell you of my first and then you may decide, as to who was the seducer and who was seduced…He was an army captain”, he began, “In a regiment serving in India, and due soon to return. I met him in a tavern, I was there with some friends at the time, drinking ale and listening to their lewd, boisterous talk about the barmaids, which one they would fuck and the like…it stirred me not this time, but his cock did. I could see it, pressing against his breeches as he stared at me. He supped with a friend, but when I rose to take some air and relieve myself, with bare a nod in his direction he rose likewise and followed me out….”.
He gestured to the missing person poster’s adorning the bulletin board, “More than you would ever believe…”
It was quite ironic really, that the only secret between them was that Sherlock had fallen totally and irrevocably, in love with him. But John, John was perfect and deserved so much more than Sherlock could give him right now.
Sherlock forced himself to meet her eyes and found it hurt to see the disapproval and worry reflected in her kind face.( She was worried? Why would she be worried about him – they barely knew each other).
My tone was condescending and haughty, I knew, but I was vexed and hot and hungry, and his twittering attentions and wanderings hands had irked me in the extreme. John coughed behind his hand, amused, but hid it well, and surprised too, for he had never before observed how I might change my character in this way on a whim.
If this was meant to calm he was mistaken, for it only served to inflame me more, as I saw with my own eyes the relish with which he tasted that very essence, the core of my sex.
“No, he needs to see us and see that we’re alone. In this scenario you don’t find Billy, he finds you” Sherlock twirled a little on the spot, eyes searching this way and that despite what he had just said. He was impatient, antsy and had the beginnings of a spectacular headache building up pressure behind his right eye making him squint in the half-light. He resisted the urge to shake his head.
‘You do not sir’ I said as my eyelids fluttered closed, lost in the warmth of his touch trying not to reveal the violence of my affections for fear they would not be returned.
“Yeah, they’ll definitely scout around a bit, just to make sure there are no strange birds flapping about….Sherlock?”
“Ah good, I thought I heard something…have you managed with the bed all right? If Sherlock doesn’t like it there’s the fold-out chair from Harriet’s room?”
As if in answer, Sherlock gave his balls a tug, a silent but insistent ‘get on with it John’. The sucks and licks were uncoordinated now suffering greatly from lack of focus, because really, it was fucking hard to concentrate on giving head when the person you were giving it to also happened to be sucking you off. He must have been doing something right though as Sherlock went rigid for a moment and gave him a warning squeeze on the arse, but he didn’t let go, didn’t want to, not when they had taken this thing so far, but Christ, no-one had warned him just how much stuff there would be and the weird texture and mildly clinical taste of come. But hey, it was all good protein and it wouldn’t kill him, supposed to be good for the skin too, or did you have to rub it in for that, and shit, why the hell was he thinking about that anyway when his own cock was on the brink of off-loading into Sherlock’s mouth.
‘My cousin suffers from the ocular migraine my man’ John announced in a voice of authority, ‘and the muted light does help to ease the pain’.
The first kiss, the first touch, the first everything, together, John would die if Sherlock said stop now.
John looked at him with a grateful smile. He glanced at cook and she nodded her assent, satisfied with the meal he had consumed, under orders from Mama, no doubt, to make sure he didn’t leave the table before he had eaten his fill.
John grunted, determined not to be drawn in, so they walked on in silence instead, until Walter came to a halt right next to a black granite headstone, no more than ten years old. It was smaller than the one that Sherlock had had, after ‘the fall’, but even so his heart skipped a beat just at the thought. Sherlock’s headstone had been removed a while back of course, before it could be turned into some sort of macabre shrine by the more unsavoury factions of his fan club.
“Oh” Sherlock made a valiant attempt to hide the disappointment in his voice. He could almost hear Mycroft’s derisive snort ( ‘oh dear, brother mine, did you actually imagine that such a boy would be interested in you’)
The place stank of old rubbish and piss, he noticed, as water splashed under his feet…he hoped it was water, at least, the air hanging oppressive and damp, sound muffled from the street beyond. He forced himself to breathe in and out in a steady rhythm to calm his terrified body and clear his racing mind, the endless horrific outcomes all too vivid and real, playing like a crime scene montage in his head.
“Where is he anyway”, he asked, curiosity suddenly getting the better of him. John glanced around the Hall which was rapidly emptying as everyone left to get ready for their first class.
“Great”, said John, crawling over to join him on the edge of the bed, “Now I know you won’t just disappear….and if I’m honest I didn’t think you’d still be here this morning….but I’m really glad you are ”.
“You survived then?” Sherlock smirked as they swigged gratefully from bottles of mineral water, leaning against the wall by the bar.
She beckoned him closer, so he leaned in again on the pretence of taking another order. Sol had already been eyeing him for spending too long talking to Victor. John glanced over at the figure, still slumped dejectedly, nursing the final dregs in his glass of whiskey.
John’s face lit up in a radiant smile when he saw Sherlock approach (that smile –for him!), his narrowing slightly as he took in the glowing bruise on his cheekbone (well he had said it was massive)
“John said you might be needing this, and to just stay up here for a bit and make sure you drink it before you come down”
He sat up, unsure why he’d said all that. To leave was the last thing he wanted even now in the cold, hard light of day, but a stab of irrational panic made his stomach lurch and he tossed back the covers casting around for his discarded clothes.
“No Mycroft, but the Tungsten tip worked just fine” he said, with a triumphant smile, brandishing a dull lump of metal the size of a pea on the end of a short length of cord.
Sherlock knew John had phoned her, the week of the break-up and that understandably her opinion of him would be somewhat clouded by that, there would be an interesting conversation sometime soon, between them, a variation on the ‘hurt my brother and I’ll end you’ talk. He was looking forward to it.
Why would he not be expected? Had John expressed some desire to his older friends not to have a mere kid like Sherlock hanging around, too young and naïve for this oh- so sophisticated adult gathering?
John murmured against his chest. Sherlock could only moan desperately in response, rendered temporarily incapable of speech as John turned his attention to his left nipple, while he continued to pinch and roll it’s abused twin.
It was all he could do not to lose it completely when Sherlock stuck out a long elegant hand to shake his own sweaty palm, and he tried not to dwell on the fact that they had held each other’s grasp for just a fraction too long. He pulled away, cheeks flaming, but no-one else had noticed, thank god.
“The Runners,” John gasped, “It is a raid.” He looked wildly about him, at the door that concealed us, the wide iron bedstead pressed close to the wall, the dresser in the corner, barely of a size to hide a child, and then the window, the sash pulled down flush against the early evening London smog. He tucked in his shirt and I buttoned his breeches, fumbling in my haste. He picked up my shirt from the floor, my waistcoat and jacket from the end of the bed and threw them across the room to me. There was no question in our minds of the danger we were in, and so we both rushed over to the window, tugging at ancient, damp-swollen wood.
Tom nodded curtly, his lips pressed together in a thin line, his shoulder brushing slightly against my own.
I shook my head, “I think you are mistaken, had he touched your arm for much longer then I fear I would have cause to break it , he annoyed me so”.
The door whipped open and a young student nurse, just there to check on the patient chart came scuttling out, red-faced and wide-eyed, patently terrified. She looked between them both before scurrying off down the corridor and out of sight.
Sherlock on the other hand looked completely at ease, like he did stuff like this all the time and it was all fine. Which is was.
“No, no, I insist, and incidentally, smart casual attire will suffice, no need to stand on ceremony, it’s only an informal family dinner after all”.
“On the contrary, it made me very happy” he bit back, unable to prevent the customary snarky comeback.
“What the hell are you standing there for? Get over here, I need you” he said peevishly, and John dived forward, crushing them together a little too roughly perhaps for someone with a head injury, but happy, just so fucking happy to have him awake, warm, responsive, his own sweet obnoxious self, back again.
“Saw you leave, follow him out. Thought you’d ditched me for a second, (he started at the look of shock on Sherlock’s face) but something just felt off” he smiled, “I might of guessed you were up shit creek somewhere, you arse”.
to see John again, mostly because he was a fucking stupid idiot for even considering walking away, while the drugs just kept him numb enough to function in the most very basic sense. Which reminded him, he needed to recalculate the dose, it wouldn’t do to pass out at school, that might make it a little tricky to take advantage of a convenient empty classroom again.
He positioned Sherlock face first against the wall and his cock gave a desperate throb, trapped beneath the confines of tight jeans. He braced his hands, shoulder height and turned his head to the side, pressing his cheek against the wall. It was smooth here, covered by layer upon layer of whitewash, the rough surface smoothed down over time. John pressed in close behind him and nudged his legs further out to the sides.
He moved further down dipping into John’s naval, and leaving a cool wet trail on his skin. He lifted his head and reached to steady the base of John’s cock with his left hand licking a firm stripe from root to tip. This was familiar ground for both of them. He worked his lips around the head, lapping and sipping at the beads of precome already seeping from the slit, loving the bitter-sweet taste that was all John, just like a fingerprint, dipping and swirling his tongue before sucking down firmly.
He pulled me to my feet and said darkly, “It is your turn. Now take off your clothes, I need to see you.”
Sherlock fought to retain his composure. Mycroft eyed him thoughtfully. Sherlock’s typical response when confronted with Mycroft’s disapproval was attack. He would push the limits of Mycroft’s patience at every available opportunity, finding new and inventive ways to rebel and defy his authority. His escapade with the mahogany desk had not gone unnoticed, despite what Sherlock might believe, but he would pick his battles carefully. The key with Sherlock was to let him think he was two steps ahead when really he was always one behind.
“Okay then, he began in a voice trembling with emotion, “maybe tell me more when I’m really fucking drunk, because I’m stone cold sober again now, and I just can’t bear to think about you like that Sherlock….I just can’t. Please tell me that’s’ it now, that there isn’t any more for fuck’s sake”
Oh god, how humiliating, and disappointing if he were really being honest with himself. He had hoped for one desperate, heart-stopping minute that John had decided to stay and had chosen him instead. Stupid, stupid Sherlock. (He felt irritatingly sober again)
Oh my god, he had left the club… how long was he away? It had only felt like minutes at the time, but long enough for Sherlock to think he had gone, that John had bailed on him like a coward and run away….that’s why he hadn’t been there when he’d returned….. Sherlock thought it was over…..
Sherlock ducked into the passageway which led to the Quidditch training ground, paused at the door to the changing rooms and reached into his pocket, pulling out a scroll-like bundle and untying the smooth leather cord. The contents of the bundle glinted in the dark night.
Sherlock fell back on the bed, and scrabbled around on the chair at the side for a condom and the lube from Monday night, throwing the foil packet at John and hoisting his legs up already until his calves were resting against broad, tan shoulders. John ripped the pack with his teeth, and Sherlock poured the lube, too impatient to wait now for John to roll the rubber down his cock, pushing a finger into himself and baring down, biting his lip at the first eye-watering sting. It had been much too long and he was going too fast, working up to three too quickly as he tried so hard to relax himself enough for John to enter him, still too tight when he pulled them out but past caring, even when the pain made him cry out, as John held his hips still and pushed.
“Don’t you fucking dare” John dived forward, arm lashing out to grab the phone from his hand. He cradled it to his chest and hissed, curling forward in defence. John drew back flushed and panting and sat on the end of the bed pinching the bridge of his nose between forefinger and thumb.
He stubbed out the butt on the window sill and hopped down, brushing stray ash off his jeans onto the carpet below. John scowled from the doorway, and emerged, clad in a towel hair still wet, in a cloud of deodorant and shampoo from his second shower of the morning.
Someone had smacked him on the head, come up behind him and caught him unawares, there were no other signs of a scuffle so Sherlock may have thought it was him, turned his head and…smack.
“I’m delighted to finally meet you”, Sherlock said, narrowing his eyes a little at the possessive way she held John to her, specifically meant, he knew, to draw John further away from him.
How wanton, how sluttish you must think me, to cavort with a virtual stranger this way, but in honesty we were but two giddy young boys drunk on the possibility of love with no thought to what the future might bring. Besides, neither of us were in a state of undress which proved to be most fortuitous as the motion of the carriage changed of a sudden, the horses drawing to a stop.
What the hell did she know anyway? All the boys at school wanted to do was get pissed and smoke weed every weekend, sneaking girls back to their rooms for quite frankly embarrassing attempts at adolescent sex. He had timed them a few times, and really, even he knew it wasn’t supposed to be over that quick.
“You good now? Better?” Greg clapped a hand to his shoulder and he nodded weakly, not even bothering to puzzle why Mycroft of all people carried his own personal supply of double malt whiskey, but thankful tonight that he did.
Oh fuck. Mycroft looked daggers as they both dissolved into fresh peels of laughter, ribs aching and stomach muscles pulling to an almost painful degree.
Oh god, he needed some alcohol or he would never be able to cope with this, he could already feel a vitriolic rampage of epic proportions on the horizon , and he had faithfully promised John that he would behave himself this year.
John came first, warm and sticky over Sherlock’s fist, Sherlock only a thrust or two after, on John’s hip and thigh. He ran his fingers through his own come and watched it slowly melt away as the steady stream of water washed it down the drain.
John sighed, it was pointless trying to explain the finer points of Sherlock’s personality to his mum, that he was quite happy in his own company, thought the majority of the human race were idiots anyway and had more energy than most people would be able to cope with on a daily basis. And well, as far as Mrs Jeffries daughter was concerned….. he just wasn’t interested in girls, at least John was pretty sure that was the case.
Sherlock finds employment at Mrs Turner's gentleman's club, but the good lady is not all she appears to be.
Sherlock did remember really, but just didn’t want to play, knowing it would be nothing at all like their childhood game, where dares were stuff like do a roll-over on Mycroft’s bed or make the other eat something disgusting like tomato ketchup on a piece of cake or a piece of raw onion, and on one memorable occasion John had dared Sherlock to lick a garden worm, batting it out of his hand at the last minute, just before his tongue had made contact. No-one had suggested anything that disgusting again, or perhaps John had been worried that he would follow through and do whatever he suggested. He probably would have. So in the spirit of self, or rather Sherlock-preservation, they had toned it down after that. But the stakes were bound to be higher here, it was a roomful of adults after all.
A great many things have been said about me, and written too dear reader, and not all of them very kind. But now, I take it upon myself to relate the truth of the matter, so at length the details of my scandalous life may be laid out before you – my own true history.
I suffered his attentions for two long hours, as he whipped out a measure and man-handled my figure again and again. I truly believe that it was far from necessary to take quite so many measures of my inside leg and to check at least three times as to which side I dressed. It is the left for those who would like to know, not that I see this of any import to anyone other than myself.
Fifteen minutes and a taxi ride later he stood outside a run- down old pet shop in one of the less salubrious parts of town waiting for a contact from the not too distant past. Sherlock was not too proud to admit (at least to himself, if not to others – most importantly John) that from time to time he still needed this and if Mycroft, or any other of his close acquaintances (he was still loath to call them friends) had any suspicions, they never said (not that he would have stopped anyway – it was his life after all). This felt too exposed however, out on the street, however quiet it appeared to be, and Sherlock knew from bitter experience that one should assume that watchful eyes were everywhere. He stepped into the alleyway on his right, which still afforded a full view of the street as well as providing shelter from the increasingly icy breeze.
“Screw you into the mattress again” John smiled slightly, the corners of his mouth tilting up as he gently undid the tie and tossed over the side of the bed onto the floor. The chill of the room made them both shiver so John shuffled them around, grabbing the covers and pulling them over them both, a ruined crumpled mess of sweat, lube and semen. Sherlock sighed, nuzzling into the crook of John’s arm, a leg hooked over his thigh, content with this simple intimacy. He would never hurt John like that again, intentional or otherwise, and he hoped that John understood that now, believed in him.
“A week then”, I said, “If nothing occurs to my mind before then, it is never likely to. I thank you Constable Lestrade for your time, and for your diligence… you succeeded where others have not”.
“We need to find a cab, move out of the area completely. Greg knows I’m awol so Mycroft will be looking too, besides I’m fucking freezing”
“So” Mrs Watson said, when the tea was made, pointing the way through to the living room and ushering Sherlock into a soft white armchair in front of the fireplace. John sat back on the arm of the sofa with his knees drawn up while his mother tutted with a mix of fondness and mild disapproval, an expression born of repetition apparently. He was calmer now, thank god.
He didn’t move from his position for the entirety of the set, enjoying the music, and the sight of Sherlock even more so. He was a natural performer, just the right mixture of aloof attitude and sexy swagger. The girls at the front were lapping it up, John noticed. One more song Greg announced, his dark t-shirt clinging to his lean body with a thin sheen of sweat, hair damp and ruffled. Sherlock looked completely poised by comparison, just a few errant curls sticking to his forehead and around his ears.
Charles shook his head. “It would be a great risk, the way may be guarded. You have the right idea, I see, the window is the most expedient route. Take the red gate to the left of the yard, there you will find assistance and safe passage….I have ensured as much, but you must make haste,” Charles urged, “go now. I will come to no harm I assure you.”
“Listen, I want you to stay again tonight….at my house…with me, obviously…please?” he looked adorably nervous and uncertain for once, eyes searching John’s face for any signs of doubt or reluctance. As if there would be any chance at all that he would say no, John thought.
‘And what would you have us do sir?’, she replied, eyes flashing in defiance, ‘roll on our backs and let the gentlemen make free with us?’
“Are you going to finish what you started back there?” he pulled away slightly, to look into pupils, blown wide and to grab a good handful of Sherlock’s luscious arse, revelling in the fact that he just could.
“Fuck off Harry, give the kid a break, neither of us has seen him for months, he might have mellowed out a bit…you never know”
“Indeed”, he cut me dead with a scathing look, “You do not know. I will be blunt then. You will lose him, he will marry, she will bear him children most like, if not this young woman then another as is befitting of a young man of his station. He was never yours to keep sweet child…did you really believe it would be so?” He bent towards me and cupped my chin lightly with his palm, “Your life, this life”, he gestured around us, “is but a fleeting fantasy…he belongs here and you do not. And if he keeps you close, as some friend after they marry, when your youth and beauty fade he will surely find another ripe virgin in your stead to toy with, no matter how pretty your cock is….there”. He released me and stood back, turning to look out into the night in silent contemplation.
He didn’t mean it to happen, but he just couldn’t resist. Sherlock ground his hips forward a little and was rewarded by a shock of pure sensation, like an electric current coursing through his veins. John grabbed his arse then, and pulled him in harder still, rubbing and rutting against him until they were both desperate and gasping for breath.
“Well you do realise he had a skinfull last night and I’m definitely not talking about one too many drinks”
He wasn’t quite sure why he did it in the end, pulling the paper across the table again while Mike still had his back turned, and carefully tearing out the ad in the bottom left-hand corner of the page. A momentary flash of insanity, probably, he mused as he folded the scrap two, three, four times and pushed it into the depths of his pocket, heart thumping wildly in his chest at the thought of it. This was hardly what his therapist had had in mind.
“Oh no…I think we can do much better than that…let’s see if we can find out about this direct from the horse’s mouth”.
Not Sherlock-level bored, but pretty close and the reason was the distinct lack of a dark-haired stick of dynamite.
“Oh dear, just look at the mess you’ve made all over Santa’s belly elf….clean it up….with your mouth”
“Not at all…I don’t mind…it’s all fine” he managed to stutter out. Damn, how could he be expected to concentrate when John looked at him like that with those amazing blue eyes…and besides, when they were snuggled up in bed tonight, he was pretty sure that John would smell divine. (Oh god, where had that thought come from?..... surreptitiously sniffing his guest had definitely not been part of the plan).
He seemed to recall being bottom-up and face-down at some point, snoring like a pig in the middle of a very interesting job. That was before the charge of drunk and disorderly, and a hangover so bad he thought his entire body was going to fall out through his arse.
“I may have had some help,” Sherlock said, looking both guilty and defiant. “Over the summer break just gone Victor filched a length of rope from the boat house at his old school as a bit of a fuck-you for kicking him out.” Sherlock shrugged. “I didn’t really care where it came from at the time, which was clearly a mistake. Victor’s favours always come with strings attached.”
“Nice”, said Greg, “nought to sixty in the time it takes to open your eyes, Jesus Christ that kid is fucking bat-shit…..and you my friend, he added, turning to John, “have the patience of a bloody saint…good luck with that”.
Sherlock stuttered out the name in a voice pitched much higher than his usual deep vibrating tones. He fidgeted in his pockets, ran a nervous hand through his hair and over his face in a gesture of agitation.
“Keep going…don’t stop” he encouraged in Sherlock’s ear, but he was too far gone anyway, utterly lost, this felt nothing like jerking yourself, rubbing up against someone else’s cock. He finally understood what all the fuss was about, but even with the best of intentions, he wasn’t going to last, and then John shoved his hand down Sherlock’s pyjama pants and he saw stars, hot ribbons of come pulsing out all over John’s hand.
“I want to take a picture of you, just like this…all marked up and filthy after you’ve just been fucked” John whispered into the shell of his ear making his entire body shudder.
“You have renewed an old acquaintance, so it would appear, yesterday , if you want me to be precise….. How long did it take before you slept with him Sherlock? Did you wait for the whole day… or were you really
“Same as always Harry love, I go and rob the toffs on Oxford Street… won’t miss a few bob at this time of year…they’ve got more money than sense, the stupid posh twats. So don’t worry, I’ll get the money before noon so’s we can pay the rent and Jim’ll leave us alone”
He could come like this, he knew he could, just from John biting and twisting his stinging flesh, heat pooled in his groin and he could feel a steady trickle of fluid from his aching cock. Jesus Christ, he had to pull back from this now or it would all be, over his scrambled brain screamed out to him as John licked the pain away with warm soothing strokes.
Mama noticed nothing, leaning back with her eyes closed, her classic thinking pose. Sherlock was glad to escape her scrutiny, although even he couldn’t articulate what is was that he
And then that talented tongue took control. Sherlock’s nose wrinkled slightly in disgust at the acrid taste of lubricated latex as John just shuddered beneath him, trying to process the different sensations. The hard metal ball rolling up and down his cock and the heat of Sherlock’s tongue pressing down. It got even better when he wrapped his lips around the head and suckled lightly. Flicking at the head with the tip of his tongue and rolling the ball across the slit. It was like a fucking electric shock and he jerked up helplessly. Sherlock placed a warning hand on his hip and he dropped his arse back down onto the bed.
Sherlock pressed his head back and sighed dramatically once the door closed and they were alone, “I suppose I’ll have to go through all this rot again when the idiots in uniform arrive, will I?”
Two strong hands grasped beneath my arms and hauled me, bodily to my feet, and the questing hands receded, falling away. A voice shouted loud, very loud, too loud, the sound like knives in my ears horribly real and familiar, reaching through the fog that had addled my brain. A ghost. It could not be. I struggled and writhed with a strength renewed and reeled at a hearty slap across my cheek, the skin stinging and tingling as my eyes streamed with tears. “I’m sorry…so sorry…I didn’t mean it father, I’ll be good now I promise…” I whispered, throat hoarse and raw, I was but a child again, caught once more in places where I’d no right to be, sneaking into father’s study to play at pirates with his long oak desk my ship setting sail to unknown lands.
The University campus was a glorious sight as the tree-lined street came into view, almost sobbing with relief ten minutes later as he slid his key card into the door and let himself into the flat. The clock in the kitchen showed 6.00am as he filled a mug with cold water, taking small tentative sips, gulping more deeply when sure it would stay down. He stripped where he stood and dumped the clothes by the kitchen bin to deal with later and ran careful hands over his bare skin, prodding and poking gently as he went, his torso a beautiful mix of deep purple and blue.
“Fuck that, you’ve been to the police station haven’t you?” her lack of protest was an answer in itself and John’s heart sank. Sherlock would never trust him again. He stormed down the hall and pulled on his parka and a thick, knitted scarf.
It would take time, that was all, to adjust to the new dynamic that had always been hovering just below the surface.
“Yes, let us drink to health and happiness, and the mysteries of the heart of man”. Glasses were raised and at the first touch of wine to my tongue I remembered another place, another night and how it all could have gone so badly had a certain gentleman not come to my aid (Let that be a timely reminder of the fleeting nature of our life and love) And so I sipped lightly, mindful of my propensity to indulge to excess, and still it set my head spinning. There would be more, I was sure, but when we were alone, away from the watchful gaze of our gathered friends.
My breath caught in my chest and I hesitated, the pause sending clouds of doubt racing across his brow, but it was not lack of inclination which held me back, but my own inexperience. I did not know how to please a man as yet bar my bed-time fumblings with Tom and this boy, for all his tender years I assumed to have indulged in the pleasures of the flesh many times before. But my desire to feel his lips on mine pushed away the last remnants of my virgin shyness.
“Thank god that’s over, it’s fucking awful being expected to perform like a trained chimp for a bunch of bloody philistines. I could have played the theme to Captain Pugwash and they still would’ve clapped like seals…idiots” Sherlock rolled his eyes at him as he shimmied his way through the press of bodies at the bar, expertly insinuating himself to the front, directly before John.
Dejected and worn I lay silent, my nose buried in the thick curls around his cock stroking his hips in quiet apology for my failure. John played idly with my hair, drawing a curl through his fingers to wind it around and then let it fall back against my face again. My skin had grown cold as the fire in the grate died down and I curled myself inward, knees pulled to my chest and an arm wrapped around to pull them still tighter.
“Stepfather”, John shrugged “and we don’t get on, never have….he’s a drunken arsehole of a muggle who thinks he can just rock up and replace my dad…if I went home, I’d probably curse the bastard and end up in front of a tribunal”
“They said”, Greg began, jerking his thumb to the sofa, “they were invited, by you…and to wait if you weren’t back…please tell me it’s some sort of fucking joke?”
“Well, I suppose I couldn’t, but it doesn’t matter now because there you were, all fake gun and attitude” he chuckled softly.
“I must say you’re quick…much sharper than the other one….although it doesn’t make you any less wrong”
‘Forgive me sir, I only meant to say how cold it is here with the fire gone dead and that you should button up your shirt for fear of a chill’, I stammered, finding my feet again and dropping to my knees before him.
As his eyes adjusted, John peered past Sherlock to see a dark, ominous shape that loomed out of the trees in front of them. He could see high, grey stone walls and a steep pitched roof squatting at the edge of the clearing. There were gaps that may have been windows at one time but the lack of reflection made him think – no glass. The building seemed abandoned and likely in a state of advanced dereliction too, if the tangle of undergrowth surrounding it was anything to go by and the trees and bushes which encroached on the clearing itself suggested no-one had lived here for some years. It was, in John’s opinion, an odd location for a home, looking to his eyes almost like an image from a fairy-tale book. Not the sweet innocent Disney kind, but more like the dark, creepy, really bad things happen here kind.
“What? Urgh well hurry the fuck up” he barked, voice muffled by the thick heap of covers. It was hot and smelly under here, but he childishly refused to come out.
“And now you may make your vow to one another, and to those that are gathered here today to bear witness to your union.”
This really wasn’t the time or place for a spontaneous hard-on while having rude thoughts about the man sitting opposite you.
Their eyes locked for a quick frantic second, until Sherlock broke and bolted for the bedroom door, he ripped it open and it snapped back quickly, catching John on the shoulder as he darted out behind him. Strong arms wrapped around Sherlock’s waist as he ran. And he stumbled, slamming down onto the concrete floor with a sickening thud, John half on top of him, pinning him in place using his extra weight to full advantage. Fingers scratched at his sides as John tried to prise his arms out from beneath him to get to the phone still clutched in his fist.
“Mama doesn’t think like that, she see’s a boy who helped her son…that’s all she needs to know…is that a problem? Should we treat you appallingly and with contempt simply because of a mere accident of birth?”
“Calm down for fuck’s John”, he whispered hoarsely in his ear, “it’s family only in the ambulance so I’m going to drive you over to the hospital, no-one’s trying to shut you out…he’ll be fine, I’ve seen a lot worse every weekend at chucking-out time…..you’ll get to see him in a bit, okay?”.
No needles. He hated snorting now, despite the extended high, but Mycroft had purged each and every hiding place and it hadn’t seemed worth finding more, not when he and everyone else thought he had moved on. The hit might take longer so he could end up taking too much, preferring the almost clinical application of careful measurements, finding just the right level, dissolving white powder in liquid to maintain the illusion of control.
With widened eyes John snatched at my hand and drew the ring off my finger. He took out the folded square of velvet and uncoiled a chain from within. Unclasping it, he slipped it through the narrow band of gold, and then beckoned me close to him, and looped it around my neck. With his own he did the same, and hastily tucked them both beneath our shirts. My hand felt unbearably naked again.
‘Very nice, very pretty indeed, yes, yes’ he muttered, as much to himself as to anyone standing before him, ogling my body with lust-filled eyes, and all the while Mrs Turner looked on with an air of satisfaction, sure that she was soon to make good on her investment.
“Hey Sherlock, I didn’t expect to see you here tonight” he jumped a little at the voice, sounding so close behind his back and bristled slightly at the hidden implication there.
“Do you need something? Pain killers?” John asked, concerned. Sherlock was in obvious pain, more than he would let on, and he had a high tolerance anyway, as he did for most extremes of sensation, but that didn’t mean he should suffer needlessly.
Sherlock looked down at the flesh beneath John’s hovering palm. Five livid purple finger-shaped bruises decorated his ghost-pale skin. He thought they were the most beautiful things he had ever seen.
Weston looked coolly back. “If you are so sure then show me the proof of it! The boy had not sailed before and perhaps, to calm his nerves and guard against the sickness he may have overindulged on his father’s finest brandy to ease the passage. Who do you think will be believed? He is my son and heir. A marriage will help to bury the foul rumours surrounding the pair of you. Our reputation was at stake - or would you risk my son’s exposure for your own perverted ends?”
“Oh, I know all about Mr Victor Trevor dear, and if Sherlock was even remotely interested I’m sure he would be with him right now, not here with you, so drink up and go kiss that gorgeous mouth” .
“Tell me Miss Morstan, the only mystery I perceive is why one so pretty has not yet found true happiness, there are suitors aplenty in town and your benefactress is famed for her skill at the love-match, would you be the first to deny her that pleasure?”
Greg followed Mycroft down the hall towards his study, flashing Sherlock an easy grin as he passed. It never ceased to astound Sherlock as to what exactly Greg Lestrade saw in his brother. Stiff and starchy, arrogant and condescending, he was the polar opposite of easy going, affable Lestrade, a diligent and surprisingly competent police officer, Sherlock grudgingly admitted. He had given Sherlock the benefit of the doubt that night when he had crashed a crime scene high on Cocaine, and bagged his brother into the bargain.
He hates the tone of pity in her voice, with an unmistakable hint of triumph. She thinks she has already won, that this is an impossible task.
My breath caught, and Lestrade nodded in satisfaction, “I see, I thought as much”. John looked at me in puzzlement to see me react this way to a name I had not told him of, but why should I have at all? For it was a fiction, an mere invention, William Sherringford did not exist, a name made up by two young boys in a game ten years ago or more. We liked to pretend Mycroft and I, that our rich and invisible sibling, William Sherringford would come for us and mama one day and take us to his castle or abroad, far, far away where father would never find us. He did it for me, a frightened little boy with split lip and a black eye who’d roused his father to fury by the simple fact of his existence.
John slammed the right spot inside him again and again. Sherlock was high, and he never, ever, wanted this to end.
“It’s like part of me has been dead for, like, forever, I don’t know, I just didn’t think there was anything else, this was just how things would be, for me, normal John doing normal things having a normal life, but that fucking town, where we live, it was just sucking all the life out of me, every day just grey and stifling. Leaving there, coming here, it was like I’d been living in a black and white TV or something, and now its full colour fifty two inch widescreen”.
Tom stepped forward, “I do sir” he said beaming and stole a quick glance to John and I, “That is if the young gent don’t mind”.
“I’m a doctor….Jesus Christ….I’m a doctor….Captain John Watson, fifth Northumberland fusiliers…I can help….please”
“You mentioned some social event?” Sherlock prompted, resting his head against John’s shoulder and yawning deeply, bone tired now. The first muted grey light of a pre-dawn sky flickered by as the car crawled towards Westminster. Mycroft sat annoyingly alert and ram-rod straight, frowning at them.
He walked to the front on feet which echoed much too loudly, even here he was spoiling the solitude with his clumsy, overbearing Sherlockness. So what did you do now that the candle was lit, and set in its place amongst a plethora of identical flickering flames? Sit, and think, he supposed, count your blessings his grandmother would say. He wavered uncertainly, every breath seeming to falter in is chest which felt, tight and heavy, like each inhale and exhale took concentrated effort.
“Shall we go to your room and talk? This is embarrassing enough without anyone else walking in” Sara said as she sniffled and hiccoughed. John thought of his three other flatmates who hadn’t yet appeared and silently agreed. But not his room for god’s sake! John thought about a used condom lying somewhere on the floor under a pile of dirty clothes, and an unmade bed that probably stank of sweat and sex.
There was nothing to hide the noise he made, any noise from a fart to a sneeze. Everyone could hear every damn thing. Privacy was non-existent.
Unless this was some underhanded ploy to humiliate John, the ordinary boy from an ordinary middle class family (albeit a one parent family now) amongst the wealthy Holmes’s. Sherlock hadn’t told him anything specific about his background, but the private education and a posh London address screamed money and class. John tugged at the hem of his TopMan t-shirt absently.
Just what the hell was wrong with him today? He was seriously losing his touch. John should at least have displayed some desire to punch him in the face for making a variety of derogatory comments by now.
, arranging Christmas parcels in an artistic pyramid for ‘maximum stability’ apparently. That was a disappointment. If some little fucker had knocked them over he might get to see that arse sticking up in the air all over again. He contented himself with a good long stare while Sherlock’s back was turned.
“Nah, not on me phone, in the book, off the record, you know? Listen mate (she turned back to Sherlock), Mark will be round here in about half an hour anyway, how much you looking at?”
“You should be more careful Master Holmes, a place such as this has many eyes and others may not be so…blind…as I. You are honest lads and it would be a shameful waste of youth and good sense to see either of you hang on Tyburn Hill”.
Okay, outfit chosen, now for the hair. Well, there was precious little that could be done there. He ruffled his fingers through his unruly dark curls, wishing it was more manageable like John’s or Mycroft’s was. Amanda Jeffries had called it ‘cute’ yesterday, and twirled some around her finger after backing him up against the garage wall outside his house, so he had pointed out the spots on her nose before wriggling out of her grasp and running up the drive like an idiot.
On the surprisingly large landing, (some posh berk here on daddy’s money?) there was a choice of seven doors, all absolutely identical. His bladder stabbed again and he clenched his thighs together, grabbing the first handle he came to and praying it was a bathroom.
Sherlock looked genuinely worried now, cool façade slipping for an instant. John was surprised at how quickly his own answer came, he didn’t have to agonise over this one, he just knew. It was time to follow his instincts for once, take a leap of faith, because all that he stood to lose was standing in front of him, both their futures hanging in the balance.
Sherlock surfaced from trance-like state with a jolt, hand skimming over the pocket of his jeans where the shape of his phone stood out clearly. His eyes snapped back to Irene, focusing clearly now.
Sherlock stuttered behind him, so close now that he could feel faint puffs of breath on his naked skin, the towel only covering him from the waist down. Just hearing the sound of that rich, beautiful voice and his cock began to fill out and rise again after he had only just managed to calm his body down.
Sherlock realised then, he really didn’t want to go anywhere anymore. “Tea, that would be lovely thanks”.
“Fuck…that’s awful…but it’s not my Dad…well he’s not the one who did this, anyway” he brushed his fingertips nervously over the injured side of his face, “I just can’t face going home tonight…need some space”
A split second of relief…the knife left his skin as the man stepped away and relinquished his grip on John’s neck, before his whole world exploded in a kaleidoscope of searing hot pain. A meaty fist connected with his gut knocking the air from his lungs as he bent double and fell to the ground, black spots outlined in bright white dancing in front of his eyes as he fought to drag in a breath, lungs screaming in protest.
“Yeah, go for it…your need is greater…and anyway, I had a Krispy Kreme when I came off shift, someone’s birthday….more coffee?”
Sherlock shrugged, but he looked pleased, no doubt at the thought of the previously posited illicit sex in John’s childhood bedroom, still, he answered with an air of nonchalance, “Yeah, I suppose I can live with that, as long as I can smoke”.
“I have friends”, John murmured sleepily, “There are those who may assist us…it may take a little time is all…and as time is all we have, I have faith we will make good”.
His clothes were scattered in haste at my words, a plea and a challenge both, and so, I had my wish, hot flesh against hot flesh as the last fell to the floor and I saw him, unclothed for the very first. Perhaps he imagined me to have a greater experience than I had told, and perhaps I should have been more fully prepared, but I suspect no fumblings under cover of darkness with Tom would ever have readied me. A strange combination of fear and lust is what I felt, pure and unadulterated for never had I imagined a cock such as this, the largeness of it, that few men could dispute with him. A machine such as this would not simply take my virginity, it would tear it to shreds and shatter my very being. I wanted it. Badly.
Sherlock smiled, a genuine smile then, the kind that causes twinkling eyes and makes adorable little creases at the corners. John flushed a little, glad that Sherlock had walked away as his fingers itched with the urge to just reach out and touch him. Would he let him? Would he mind? And why the hell was John so desperate to know. Two whole weeks alone in the year six dorms, oh god, Sherlock might be able to cope, but he was no longer sure if he could, disarmed so easily by a simple, friendly smile.
But now he did, and John did too as he rubbed him through his clothes with the heel of his hand until he was hot and trembling all over and he couldn’t breathe anymore, the air puffing out of his lungs in ragged pants.
John was reeling. Who else had the access and the motive? when not an hour before he’d found out about him and Sherlock and the reaction hadn’t exactly been favourable.
“Get pissed, then head to Powerhouse later, when it’s busy, I know people, used to hang out there a lot…Doug Miller owns it, does a hell of a lot more business than Frank Hudson’s place”
Sherlock nodded in agreement, as John untangled himself and walked across the room to his desk, pouring each a measure of vodka into two shot glasses, stolen from another night out, months ago. John shuddered as he knocked back the burning, bitter liquid in one gulp, feeling the warm glow spread down his throat and chest, continuing through his body, head already buzzing faintly.
“What? No I don’t,” said John. It wasn’t exactly a lie, and when Sherlock’s brow creased in disbelief, he knew he had to come clean, no secrets. “Okay, so we might have hooked up once or twice….but she is definitely not my girlfriend, right?”
Mycroft turned to Sherlock then, while the doctor hung back, deferring to the authority of the elder homes even in what was strictly his area of expertise.
Harry pointed excitedly at a tall, thin figure hovering in the shadows behind the tree in the back garden. Dawn lay calmly in her basket, her tail thumping excitedly against the kitchen floor. If it was stranger she would have been barking and jumping around, not waiting for her favourite person in the world to come inside and give her a belly rub.
“Oh no…hands off you arse”, John backed away, hands raised defensively, to warn him away. He flopped on the freshly made bed instead and lay on his back with his knees up, watching John dress. It was a nice view, but a little disappointing to see the goods packed away so soon. Who knew when he might get to play with them again.
Sherlock regarded her thoughtfully, it was the truth, he decided, but a carefully edited version of the truth nonetheless. Best not push it though, they had abused her hospitality enough on this occasion. Besides, he thought, it would be quite easy to acquire the incident report if the police had been involved, and the names of those girls would be extremely useful, perhaps take John, he had a certain way with women….
It was all the encouragement he needed. He eased his hips back, withdrawing slightly and pushed back into Sherlock’s body, the friction sending electric currents racing through his skin. Slowly, the pace increased as he rocked back and forward, the slide becoming smoother, slick wet sounds, obscene and beautiful. He held Sherlock’s slender hips in a death grip, scared that if he didn’t hold him there, John would just fuck him across the sofa and into the wall beyond. He imagined that Sherlock would probably like that idea anyway.
? He allowed the implied meaning to hang in the air as he revelled in Victor’s obvious discomfort. The man had laid hands on his brother after all and he had no desire to be lenient.
Sherlock grinned, satisfied. Mycroft looked amused, “That sounds very entertaining, though for whom, I can’t be sure”, he sighed in acceptance, “Very well, if that’s all agreed I’ll make all the necessary apologies and arrangements with Sherlock’s school and your University John, thank you”, he nodded to John in acknowledgment, “ it shouldn’t take more than a day or two to arrange”.
Grown bold from the lustful need coursing violently through me, I wound my arms about his back to pull him down. His elbows buckled and he fell upon my chest knocking the breath from my lungs, but he gave it back threefold, as he covered my mouth with his own and parted my lips with an eager swipe of his tongue.
And I must admit, my heart was lightened at the thought that this would bring an end to his attentions, sure that they must not be renewed again in my direction.
“Have a care”, said John, as I swayed into his side, “You are a pretty drunk, but the hour is still early and we have yet to dance”.
John reached out and grasped Sherlock’s cold, pale hand where it lay, clutching at the edges of the battered old seat. He squeezed his fingers tightly and smiled. Sherlock squeezed back, eyes slightly glazed, lost for a moment in his own thoughts, but John didn’t mind that, he was just content to be here, where he thought he would never be again, beside Sherlock, pressed close, and nothing, not even this new insidious threat, would ever tear him away.
Before a single word could come out of his mouth a fist like concrete slammed hard into the side of his skull…and the world went black....
“Hey, you’ll be a busy little bee from tomorrow and I’ll hardly get to see you so don’t knock it little brother, I thought after…you know…a little harmless fun might be in order”.
“Er, no, Just an old school…friend, Mycroft invited him” he added hurriedly, keen to stress that none of this was his idea.
‘It is an intrigue indeed, and one that we will solve together for it would make my heart glad to see you reunited’.
“Get the first round in and I just might,” John laughed, swiping at his brow with the back of his hand. Muddy brown droplets splattered on the floor by his feet. Mike gave him a mock salute in reply, and winked conspiratorially before turning on his heel and jogging to catch up with the others. They’d already left for the start of their traditional Friday night post-practice drinking session, their last before the biggest game of the season. It has turned into a tradition of sorts, and by missing it, John fully expected a lengthy interrogation as to why he’d chosen to sack the lads off. And the inevitably filthy, and highly intrusive questions would centre on just who it was he’d stayed behind to meet with – Mary probably or maybe Sarah who he sat behind in Biology.
“Yep, took him to a place I know of, last night. I offered to take him home, but he wasn’t having any of it”
“Oh relax John….even I don’t have the energy to go again…yet”, Sherlock emphasised the ‘t’ with a click of his tongue. John sagged with disappointment and relief as Sherlock removed his fingers from John’s flushed skin and steepled his hands under his chin instead, eyes fixed on a flashing chat icon. The screen burst into life and Sherlock sat bolt upright, alert.
“You can be anything you want to be John….and you’re better with him, and he’s better with you…just go and sort it out….now….go….or I’ll shove you out the door myself…it was tough love I know, for me to do that to you both and I’m sorry if I embarrassed him….will you tell him that?”
His stomach lurched and his heart skipped a beat…how had he missed this…how? Carried away by a haze of drugs and sex… Oh god, what did they say…did he even want to know after what he’d just done? Victor might have put the nail in the coffin back there at the club, but he had fucking buried it six feet under since.
With great care he shuffled backwards and set his feet upon the floor, then pushing himself to rise, he stood and held out an arm for mine, clasping me at the elbow to draw me up. I stood before him not knowing who should undress whom, or whether to strip myself down alone as in preparation for the night-time.
Sherlock jumped down off the bench and headed round the car to the passenger side door, climbing gratefully into the warm, snug interior breathing in the smell of petrol and old leather. Greg looked at him thoughtfully, his budding policeman’s eye missed nothing as it took in the barely concealed shadow and the dark, crusted cut on his mouth.
John sat down in front of me rather than at my side, and slid a tankard of ale across the table, a thin scummy line of foam floating on the surface of the pale amber liquid. Thank god it tasted better than it looked, soothing the roughness in my throat and slaking the raging thirst that one always felt after excessive consumption of alcohol. Or so I had been reliably informed.
Mike just blinked at him, and John could just bloody well see the urge to laugh pulling at the corners of his mouth
He was glad to feel awake, would sit there by the bed all night if he had to, just as long as Sherlock saw him, waiting, when he finally awoke. God had other plans though, and the minute he rounded the corner to the private rooms he knew, the whole atmosphere different, crackling with electricity and activity.
It bubbled in his chest and burst out from his throat, a laugh that was a sob and he planted his feet in the mattress, grasped Sherlock’s bony hips and thrust up hard to meet him, balls slapping loudly against his arse, fucking up into him to chase his own release.
‘I doubt it my love, no-one knows his name, goes by Mr V and even Mrs Turner don’t know the truth and with the money he spends here she’s wise enough not to ask. Tom might know something more, he’s been with him a few times, and he knows what he’s about with the old twig and berries by all accounts’
“I would fuck you like this if I could”, John growled, “would you let me….let me take you, right here in a dirty alley against a wall?”
At the first light of dawn I gave up, and resigning myself to the fact that sleep would elude me this night I left the comfort of my soft warm bed slipping from Tom’s sleepy embrace as he lay, arm draped across my waist and legs twined, breathing softly. He stirred only a little, rolling onto his back and away from me, aiding my retreat. I had no thought in my head, padding down the staircase on silent feet but to take the air, a luxury denied to me for much of the day when the way to the garden was barred, leading off the back parlour as it did and therefore inaccessible during entertaining hours.
“Just a little something to soak up the alcohol or I’ll be picking you out of the gutter on the way home”
“I need his guitar from the back of the van….if he expects me to work on some new riffs for him I need a fucking six string”
“Just here is fine” Sherlock directed as the cab glided into the kerb and deposited them outside a Chinese takeaway, sign glowing red and gold. John pulled out some cash to pay. Sherlock’s jeans were so tight there was no way he was concealing a wallet or even some folded up notes in his pockets.
“You know full well what you do to me and think it sport to deny me…have you ever been such seducer of men? Who taught you such scurrilous tricks?”
“Well, seeing as I left a bag full of my worldly possessions there this morning, how could I say no? I might even be persuaded to let you top again if you behave yourself tonight."
“Eyes up here Santa” Sherlock growled as John’s eyes raked down from his lips to his chest, where small hard nipples poked through the cheap green polyester, and down again, where a perfectly defined iliac crest was outlined by the thin material.
“Huh?...For fuck’s sake Sherlock…no ,you idiot… I wasn’t….You’re just supposed to photocopy the thing…your thing I mean…penis…dick…oh god, just do it will you? It’s just a bloody game!” John had flushed horribly red.
“Last night….wherever it was you wandered off to….I know you were planning on going back….and this time….I’m coming with you”
A heavy weight settled in his chest. A skinny pale figure a good head taller than the rest pushed open a door across the yard and stepped out. Even at a distance he stood out a mile, tall and proud, back ram-rod straight, gliding across the open ground with an effortless grace. He was heading in the opposite direction, moving even further away, hand digging into his pocket in a very familiar way.
The door opened, the creak of an unoiled hinge cutting through the silence. He didn’t look round, it was obvious who it would be, so he closed his eyes and tilted his head back against the window frame, the burning fag dangled loosely from his fingertips.
Fucking hell, it felt so good. John squirmed beneath him, rocking back in counterpoint to Sherlock’s movements, trying to scratch an unreachable itch that he couldn’t put into words. All that came out was “There…yes…oh god…more Sherlock”
“You know how he was after Victor …went away…it was far from harmless Greg….I could make him disappear…”
It was one thing to admire the physique of a fellow athlete, but quite another entirely to experience what was undoubtedly the start of an erection while watching said athlete perform. And that’s what Sherlock undoubtedly was, an athlete in every sense of the word, just as much as John and all his rugby mates, if not more so. If only they could see this, witness it for themselves, the sheer power, the strength, flexibility and endless stamina.
“Do you want something to eat Sherlock? Mum’s made enough casserole to feed an army and there’s loads left”, Harry blurted out before John had the chance to shout at him about buggering off without telling him where the hell he was going. Sherlock nodded and Harry set a bowl on the breakfast bar in front of him, ladling in a generous amount of the hot filling stew. John’s heart sank. It was a measure of how bad things must be that Sherlock attacked the bowl like a ravenous wolf, he was never hungry and always shrugged off John’s attempts to get him to eat more, unless it was a case of the munchies of course.
“How? “ Mycroft gave him a look, the look that he always did, that ‘don’t be an idiot’ glare that on any other day he would laugh at, the drama and theatrics of the mysterious sleek black car, the umbrella and the three piece suit that he wore even on a weekend. But not now.
Sherlock let out the breath he had been holding. Charlotte emitted an alarming squeak and clapped her hands together eagerly like a seal, her tits bouncing far too near John’s face, like an invitation.
John’s eyes went wide with shock and with no time to react he stumbled back, and grabbed the door frame to break his fall, fingers gripped tightly around the wooden frame.
I pushed past my tormentors, ignoring Irene’s startled cry as the glass she was holding was dashed from her hand to smash on the floor below. Liquid splashed upon my legs and tiny shards of crystal crunched beneath the sole of my shoe as I twisted wildly, looking this way and that for any sign of bright red or gold amongst the throng. I thought I saw, through the door to the vestibule, a dress not unlike the one she had worn, and so I followed swiftly, out into the vastness of the building beyond, down narrow carpeted walkways, through sumptuously decorated rooms, all full of people but none of them the ones I sought. And every timed I slowed, every time I paused to take stock and look about me some looming spectre would seek to take advantage. Men, women, it mattered not. The hands still groped and the fingers still stroked.
John laughed. “Well it might have been polite to ask first, you know, before you come all over my arse”
I gave my eager assent, mindful of the urgency with which I must procure shelter. As naïve as I knew myself to be, even I was aware of the mortal danger awaiting a friendless and homeless young person on the streets of London. I had no wish to pass the midnight hours in the company of footpads and murderer’s .
“He looks like a fashion model or something, what the fuck does he see in a short arse like you? You must have a magic dick, a ten-incher or something eh?”
His look was so intense, for he did not speak only of the violin, he spoke of me aswell, safe in his arms but loved far beyond the measure of my worth I was sure.
Fucking hell, he felt light-headed and his temples pulsed with a dull aching pain, the beginnings of a hangover, and then some. How easy it had been to forget this part, all the bad shit, the crash as he came down fast. Only a few short months ago he would have been chasing another couple of lines right now, up all night dancing and crawl home around dawn, but all he wanted tonight was sleep and John, neither of which he was going to get.
Sherlock stifled his giggles as John held his breath, waiting for her to walk away again, eyes wide at the flicker of the door handle which she must have her hand on at the other side, poised to make an entrance but thinking better of it. The handle flicked once as it was released and she moved away. John let out the breath he’d been holding and with a punch, lightening quick and deadly accurate delivered a textbook deadarm.
