“I’m going to do what I should have done years ago, before things got to this point. I’m going to let Harry face the consequences of her actions. If that includes prison time, then so be it,” John said harshly. “You don’t agree?” John asked, confused.
“Almost from the beginning. At first it was just a little shake, or a few bruises where Harry would grab my wrist to make a point. I don’t know if you ever knew this, but I’m bisexual. Harry was always sure that any man I looked at for more than two seconds was someone I was having an affair with. She was always so insecure and paranoid, and in the beginning, I thought her jealousy was kind of sweet. I’m not sure when she began hitting me. At first she was careful never to hit me in the face, and then over time, she didn’t much care where she hit me anymore or how hard.”
“You love me, Sherlock,” John acknowledged softly. “No,” he interjected swiftly as he saw Sherlock readying himself for a blunt denial. “That’s love, Sherlock. That’s what love is supposed to be—not an excuse to lose your self-respect, to let people treat you like trash, to be selfish or take advantage. Love is caring for someone so much that you’re willing to sacrifice what you want for what they need. All of that other crap you described, well, some people call them toxic relationships, or infatuation, or co-dependence, or some other name, but what they are is really the same thing: a corruption of love. What you described is love, real love, walk through fire without blinking love; and in case you were wondering, that’s what I meant to tell you when I told you that I love you,” John said as he somewhat shyly extended his hand, relieved to feel Sherlock grasp it tightly.
John shut off the heating pad, turned down the radiator, blew out the candles, tossed the damp towels into the corner and pulled the duvet up around himself and Sherlock, finally flicking off the lamp. He left the smooth jazz on repeat and let the soft strains of a piano lull him to sleep.
He knew Sherlock was aware of it; he could read John like an open book on any given day and had proved that the first time they had ever met. Now, with familiarity, John suspected Sherlock knew him better than he knew himself. After the first few times of being caught looking, Sherlock just smirked whenever he caught John ogling him. He’d often raise a curious eyebrow and look expectantly at John as if to ask: Well, are you ready yet? John would flush and look away. Christ, he felt like a fifteen year-old virgin again. John groaned and rolled over. He needed a good wank but wasn’t about to do that in Sherlock’s bed. Besides, he desperately needed to pee, and he couldn’t do that with a hard-on. Sighing loudly, he got up and padded across the hall to the loo.
Unthinking, John reached out and snagged one, cuddling it to his chest and burying his face into it as he started to drift off back to sleep. It smelled like Sherlock, a mixture of his soap, shampoo, expensive aftershave, a touch of rubbing alcohol and a few other chemicals, and something quintessentially Sherlock. It smelled like home, like safety and security, like comfort. John buried his nose against it and inhaled deeply, letting his thoughts wander. From that first morning in the kitchen when he very nearly licked Sherlock’s nipple, he had become aware of Sherlock in an almost preternatural way.
The other part was guilt. He loved Sherlock and had loved the other man for a very long time. Once Dr. Wallace had forced him to face his feelings, he had come to realize that he had dated numerous women and even gotten married while in love with Sherlock. The guilt gnawed at him. Silently he berated himself for being so out of touch with his own feelings that he could do something like that. It was unfair to everyone involved.
“Yes,” Sherlock croaked, voice rusty from non-use. “Are you sure…the risk?” he murmured, eyes questioning.
John reveled in the sensations of Sherlock’s slick flesh sliding against his own, the sparse chest hair rubbing between his shoulder blades, hot breath against his neck, the cage of Sherlock’s strong, wiry arms surrounding him, pinning him down, fucking him in time with John’s own pounding heartbeats.
So far as Sherlock was concerned they were a real family. Rosie’s needs were being met just fine by John and Sherlock and their coterie of friends and extended family. Surely John could see this? He made mention throughout his numerous blogs of all of the wonderful experiences Rosie was provided due to this unusual and varied upbringing. This must be a red herring then. John was using this argument to bolster his decision to begin dating again, to help assuage a bit of a guilty conscience. He must be feeling a certain amount of guilty shame since Mary had only been dead for six months and pesky social conventions frowned upon dating before a full year of mourning had elapsed.
Sherlock shrugged. “When he died, my maternal grandfather left Mycroft and myself small trust funds. And…well, let’s just say that investing is an interesting logic game to play when I’m bored.”
Sherlock hid his smirk in the upturned collar of his Belstaff. He should probably feel just a tiny bit guilty for ruining John’s date. And on that note, he should probably feel guilty for not feeling guilty, but well… needs must. Sherlock refused to be ignored. If John was going to try to dismiss Sherlock in favor of some inane date, then Sherlock would just have to make it so that John couldn’t ignore Sherlock. It had been only too easy to manipulate Lestrade into doing the dirty work.
“Yes, I think he needs to hear what you have to say,” he said firmly as he gestured the plump brunette up the stairs to 221B. “Damn,” he murmured softly. “I should have insisted on interviewing you myself instead of relying on the police reports; Lestrade’s objections be damned. I can’t believe I missed that,” he said with an angry, self-deprecating head shake as he pushed open the door to 221B and gestured her toward the interview chair.
“Do you really think she’s hit rock bottom? I know you’re right, and this cannot succeed unless she really is ready to change. Do you truly think she’s ready to really get help…get clean?”
“Absolutely nothing of consequence. Quite frankly I would have made this offer to you years ago if I thought you would have accepted it. I let Sherlock think he was calling in a favor; it makes him feel just a little indebted when I need him to work on something for me. So, will you be giving the clinic your two weeks’ notice and accepting my offer?”
His first instinct was to jerk the cock out of his arse and dive for the duvet, but he knew that would fucking hurt like hell. Not only that, but Sherlock would get a real eyeful of John’s stretched open, puffy pink arsehole.
“You know I haven’t,” John retorted on a resigned sigh. “You know everything about me, don’t you?” John said snidely.
“Speaking of which,” Mycroft continued smoothly, “how goes the campaign to woo the good doctor? You haven’t been to the brothel in several months now.”
Sherlock smirked. The sting of a minor burn was nothing compared to John’s growing awareness of his flat mate as a sexual being. It was a minor matter to raise his elbow slightly and turn to the left as John shifted the tea mug toward the table. It was a shame that the delectable strawberry lip balm Sherlock had rubbed on his nipples hadn’t been just a tad more enticing to John’s mouth. But, still, this was progress. Phase 2 was well underway.
Nine days after the incident, a desperate John found himself in his dingy little apartment following a long day on rotation. As the hot water beat down on his tired, aching body, he found his fingertips straying closer and closer to his arse, flirting shyly with the cleft and finally slipping into the snug channel to caress teasingly at his opening.
“Mycroft,” John greeted the other man, at a sudden loss as to how to follow that up. Demands for information would get him nowhere as would pleas for particulars. Best simply to sit and wait. John sighed. Part of him wanted to simply shout “Well, get on with it!” after a few minutes of silence. The other part of him sat in awed silence, never having witnessed Mycroft Holmes, The British Government, so noticeably speechless and at a complete loss for words.
“Jesus,” John muttered scrubbing his hands tiredly over his face. “I try to explain this to you so you’ll understand where I’m coming from, and you find this funny? That’s your take away from this?”
“Until it’s leaking out,” John said, erring on the side of caution. “And then coat your cock until it’s dripping off. You can’t use too much.”
“For the sake of argument, let’s suppose you’re right. What am I missing? It’s not like Harry doesn’t have a history of drunken violence.”
“I …oh God, I’m actually gonna admit this out loud. I want to be the only one who gets to touch you. The thought of you with some brothel prostitute makes me ….,” John trailed off not sure whether ‘insanely possessive’ was a good word choice or not.
“I assure you that I am neither joking nor mistaken. Sherlock has determined that you desire a sexual relationship, that to that end you are about to resume dating, and that such a course of action will be detrimental to the current domesticity,” Mycroft’s lip curled slightly in derision before he proceeded, “he now enjoys with you and the child. He has, therefore, concluded that in the interests of maintaining the status quo, it is imperative that he offer you sex. His deductions are impeccable, and his conclusions are logically sound. He lacks the ability to factor in the emotional aversion you are likely to mount to this suggestion, but I cannot divert him from this course of action, much as I have tried.”
“John?” Sherlock queried, concern evident in his furrowed brows, a strange dichotomy between the relaxed pose he affected and the coiled, taut energy he radiated.
John pushed again, and the thick head stroked firmly across his prostate. His breathing had devolved into nothing more than raspy panting, moans becoming louder as the tempo began to increase. John tried to keep it slow, to prolong this first time, but he was damn near desperate for it at this point. The muscles in his thighs were quivering wildly as he steadily humped the cock inside him, working it faster…
“Why do you want to know so badly?” John countered, treading water at the foot of the stairs, torn between emotional landmines—Sherlock and his own emotional upheaval.
… else, up to and including re-organizing his sock drawer, but John figured what was sauce for the goose was, well, sauce for the other goose too. It would do Sherlock a world of good, he reasoned, to get out and about a bit more, to laugh and be seen as just one of the guys, and although Sherlock rarely participated much in the discussions since John forbade him from deducing people to bleeding ribbons—he mostly sat and morosely stared into his scotch---the mere fact that he seemed to be making at least a minimal effort went a long way to assuaging a few members of the NSY. Donovan had even, albeit somewhat grudgingly, stopped referring to Sherlock as
Mary had respected that. She had also done her best to make John’s pleasure a priority. As he gradually became more comfortable sharing this aspect of himself with a partner, the orgasms came easier and more intensely. He found he liked it best on his elbows and knees—Mary’s warm, sweat slick body draped over his back, faux-pinned under her slight weight.
“You said there were things you’d rather not know. This is one of those things. I’m giving you that chance now—to go back to bed and forget tonight. Nothing will change between us … nothing at all.”
John sat back and crossed his arms. He knew he looked surly, but he couldn’t really help that right now. He nodded at Mycroft to continue.
Things like this made John hesitant. He still hadn’t told Sherlock he loved him. This was part of the reason why.
“Think about it Watson. If you needed to subdue someone, bind someone with the sole intent of preventing escape, what would you use?”
“I know that, but she’s an addict, Sherlock. She is very, very good at manipulating people, making them believe what she wants them to believe. She was very good at making me believe I was the favored child, that I got the breaks while she got tossed into the street… that she just needed a little help, that she could turn her life around this time if I’d only believe in her. And I wanted to, Sherlock. I wanted to believe in her so much. I wanted to see the girl who used to sneak biscuits in to me when I was sick, who faked a note to my teacher so I could go watch Manchester United practice, who tried to keep my father from taking the belt to me after I got into a fight with Jimmy Phelps for trying to take my lunch money.”
“I’m not the man you think I am, John,” Sherlock said sadly as he moved to sit beside John, paper still clutched in his hand as the image of the ring taunted him silently.
Peppy eyed him drowsily from his dog bed by the fire and dropped off back to sleep almost instantly, the night punctuated by his soft snores.
“Sherlock,” John said softly, sincerely, “I will always need you. I’m glad you tried so hard to help Clara, but I’m also glad you’re here now.”
“Yes, but there is a private detox and addiction program that would be ideal,” Sherlock said as he pushed his laptop over to John who began to read. “Do we have any honey?” Sherlock asked as he swiped a piece of cold, buttered toast from John’s plate.
“You should be prepared. Despite partially shielding her face, the lacerations to her face are still extensive. And, I don’t want to alarm you, but the police are here. Your sister is handcuffed to her bed railing, and there is an officer stationed outside her door; as soon as she wakes up, they intend to question her. There is a Detective taking Ms. Burton’s statement now.”
“Imposing on Mrs. Hudson or anyone else wouldn’t be a problem if we hired a nanny for Rosie. Maybe a good female influence for her,” Sherlock murmured speculatively, adroitly using John’s own words against him, as he completely hijacked the conversation away from his own earlier behavior.
“Obviously not,” Sherlock snapped back, irritation doing a very poor job of masking complete and utter shock.
“Why not? What is it?” Sherlock demanded curiously, holding the scrap of paper as if he were physically unable to release it.
“Yeah, right…,” John mumbled as he stepped forward and lightly fingered the reddened flesh that extended in a wide swathe from just above Sherlock’s sternum down to just above his navel. As he caressed the taut skin, he noticed that both nipples hardened further, the small buds of flesh tightening. He quickly swallowed the rush of saliva as the thought of tasting them came unbidden into his mind, but he couldn’t stop wondering if they would taste of strawberries. “I’ll…uh…just get the burn cream, the aloe stuff. It’s just a light surface burn. Should be fine in a day or so,” John called over his shoulder as he literally fled to the bathroom.
Mrs. Hudson had huffed, “a might stroppy, aren’t we?” in response to John’s latest tantrum and stormed out. Sherlock was quite missing her blueberry scones.
“You have a nasty habit, Dr. Watson, of letting your fists fly when Sherlock does not act in accordance with the manner in which you feel he ought to behave. You know Sherlock. You know he is not like other men, that he frequently displays the emotional depth and range of a teaspoon. You also know that despite this flaw he is, in his own way, a good man who has no wish to hurt you or cause you pain. Yet when he miraculously returned from the dead, you hit him, repeatedly, even as he tried to explain the reasons behind his deception.”
He sat quickly on the side of her bed and wrapped his free arm around her shoulders allowing her to lean forward and rest an unbruised section of her forehead against his shoulder.
John was going to have the answer to his idle speculation very soon. He was about to find out exactly how the living version of the Real Cock II X was gonna feel in about five minutes, give or take a minute, as Sherlock climbed up onto the bed on his knees, a look of lustful, intent concentration etched deeply into the lines of his face.
Somehow the title phrase “Achingly Lonely Widower” had been changed to “Endlessly Horny and Desperate.”
The cot had been temporarily moved upstairs into Nora’s room, the Moses Basket finally being deemed too small, and both child and nanny had already turned in for the night.
Of course! Sherlock metaphorically smacked himself on the forehead as he sat in his mind palace. He had been focusing too much on the women. Mistake. He forgot with whom he was dealing. What did John ‘Three Continents’ Watson want that he wasn’t getting from Sherlock? Why sex, obviously! If John wanted sex, then Sherlock would see to it that he got it, and plenty of it. He wasn’t going to lose John over something so trivial.
“Mycroft, are you genetically incapable of minding your own business or is this a new side effect of your blood pressure and cholesterol medications, in addition to the impotence, that is?” Sherlock asked in a tone cold enough to drop the ambient temperature ten degrees.
On the upside, her most recent kidney function tests were showing signs of improvement, but she would have to be hooked up to dialysis as soon as her body was able to withstand the strain. John heaved a tired sigh of relief and scrubbed his hands roughly across his face. And among all of the tubes and wires, the shiny silver of a chrome plated handcuff glittered garishly around her small, frail left wrist.
Mycroft chuckled. “The one upstairs. It appears Sherlock has solved the serial killer case. The big reveal is to take place in my office, it seems.”
John smiled softly as he reached for Sherlock’s hand. “Hey,” he whispered as he knee bumped Sherlock’s leg twice in rapid succession. “You didn’t fail me. We’re all human; we all make mistakes. No one gets all of the love and relationship stuff right all of the time. The important thing is you learned from your mistakes, and you figured out how to be a better friend and partner because of them. That’s not a failure. It’s like when something accidentally explodes during one of your experiments but because of it you figure out how to get the right result the next time. Same thing here.”
your sister and, therefore, failed to report physical abuse and intimidation, even going so far as to lie for her and cover up the abuse for years…
Since Mary’s death six months before and the hellish events surrounding the psychopathic manipulations of Sherlock’s demented sister Eurus, he had tried diligently to follow the advice of his therapist, the real one, and get out more…socialize with people and attempt to maintain ties to his community and friends. To that end, he had been meeting with friends, colleagues, and even a few members of his old regiment on Friday nights at the pub. Why, Mrs. Hudson had even stopped by a couple of times on the way to her weekly euchre tournament and, if John remembered correctly, had complained bitterly (after three large appletinis) about how Eustace McGinty insisted that there be no re-deal for a Farmer’s Hand. Whoever was available showed up, had a pint or two, and John usually left feeling warm and happy, the support of his friends carrying him through another week.
“Dr. Watson,” DI Gregory Lestrade said gruffly from his chair next to Clara’s hospital bed. He stood up quietly, motions controlled and soft somehow, designed to prevent victims from feeling threatened, John surmised. “John,” Lestrade said less formally as he motioned the other man toward the hallway. “Ms. Burton needs her rest.”
She considered carefully, checked the horoscope page one last time to be absolutely sure and decided finally that yes…that lovely Clara Burton and DI Lestrade would make a marvelous couple.
Nora moved into John’s room the following weekend with two small trunks containing her clothing and toiletries, a French bulldog named Peppy, who was anything but, and an assortment of dog paraphernalia.
John hired a local handyman who commenced cutting out a door frame and plastering and painting the storeroom the following Monday. Since they had opted for turning the storeroom into two smaller bedrooms, they were looking at around a month for completion as several walls would have to be erected and closets for both bedrooms constructed from scratch. Sherlock, of course, wanted cedar closets. John shrugged and figured that since Sherlock was paying for it, he could have any damn thing he wanted.
John shifted nervously as he waited for Sherlock to uncork the bottle of Riesling John had purchased to pair with the large platter of fruits and hors d'oeuvres they were about to enjoy, many of which were Sherlock’s particular favorites.
Except to use the loo, he had no intentions of leaving his private sanctum until at least noon on Saturday. It was time to get started.
“But if you ever call me Love, or Sherly, or Muffin or anything other than my name in public, even Mycroft won’t be able to find the body. Are we clear?”
“Jesus, Sherlock,” John shouted as he grabbed his chest. “Are you trying to give me a heart attack? How long have you been reading over my shoulder anyway?” he asked as he slammed his laptop shut.
“I may be able to help with that. You mentioned that before, about Rosie needing her own space, so I had Mrs. Hudson put me in touch with the owners of that new coffee shop just next door, Bean There Done That.” Sherlock curled his lip in a slight moue of distaste at the atrocious pun. “Anyway, their upstairs storeroom is across the hallway from your room. When it was a restaurant, it was used to store canned and dried foods, but a coffee shop has no need of it. If we cut a hole in the wall for a door, there is enough space for one very large or two rather small to moderate bedrooms. They can’t rent it out as a tiny flat; it’s not plumbed, and it would be exorbitantly expensive to run piping that’s up to modern city code, but if we were willing to do the labor, painting and such, they’re willing to rent it out for two hundred per month.”
“That’s why addicts are so convincing. They mean it. At the time, they mean every word. They have every intention of going to rehab, getting sober, getting their lives together. And every time, after time passes and there are no consequences or minimal consequences, all of those good intentions are forgotten until the next time they’re in trouble. And every time, the people who love them, over and over…we fall for it because we want so badly for it to be true, hoping this time is the time when they succeed.”
He bit his lip nervously and contemplated whether to open the package immediately or wait until he got back to the flat this evening. A moment of thought and the better, more cautious angels of John’s nature won that battle. With clammy hands that he hurriedly wiped on his sensible, gray, wrinkle-free khakis, he tucked the inoffensive little package into his desk drawer.
“Last night, you said that I am in love with you, by your definition of the term love. But, I’m not. I’m not the man you think I am. I haven’t always acted in your best interests, and I most certainly have not been honest, loyal or trustworthy.”
He only paused for a moment as he passed by John’s chair. John looked up enquiringly and was startled when Sherlock bent over and pressed a soft, chaste kiss to his forehead just below his hairline as he stroked John’s left cheek gently. He gave a startled John a soft, tired smile before proceeding to his room and shutting the door quietly behind him.
John paused and studied Sherlock. Had Mycroft been right all along? “Sherlock, how do you define romantic love?” John asked softly, a hopeful note creeping into his voice.
“Absolutely not, and I told her so,” John ground out between gritted teeth. “Harry would’ve bled out if not for Clara. I’m amazed she had the presence of mind to call for help let alone get the bleeding stopped given the severity of the concussion she was suffering. And, it’s not just a concussion. There was an occipital skull fracture under all of that mess as well; I took a brief look at her chart when she nodded off. She’s lucky to be alive. I can’t honestly say that if I were in her place I wouldn’t have just let my attacker bleed out.”
Sherlock groaned. “Couldn’t we cancel?” he whined. “We could tell everyone that you have pneumonia and stay in bed for two days.”
“I’m not taking it, and that’s the end of the discussion, Sherlock. Don’t you think I’ve taken enough from you as it is?” John inquired sadly before picking up Rosie and heading upstairs to bed, the echo of Mycroft’s scathing words whispering silent condemnation in his mind.
If Molly couldn’t have one Holmes brother, perhaps she’d be just as happy with the other? Sherlock and Mycroft would never admit to it, but the fact of the matter was that the reason they could never get along for prolonged periods of time was because they were so alike it was frightening—Mycroft simply hid his condescension and boredom better, with impeccable manners and polite social conventions.
As he hunched lower and debated the relative merits of forcing himself into some sort of physical activity in order to get warm, he was startled out of his reverie by a thick blanket being thrown over his shoulders. He idly wondered which of the charities was passing out blankets tonight of all nights and silently blessed their kindness.
She giggled merrily as she slipped on her pumps and gave her appearance one last glance. As she waited for Sherlock and John, she considered. Third time’s the charm, after all, and a hat trick would put her one up on that smarmy Eustace McGinty too.
“It was the logical choice. Eurus was toying with me. The entire game was designed to torture me into madness. Even when we played by her rules, she dropped two innocent men to their deaths; she lied about Molly Hooper’s imminent demise. Ergo, when two people play a game—one playing by the rules and one who cheats at will, who will win? At that point, Eurus had demonstrated an identifiable pattern of cheating, so to speak, manipulating each outcome to cause the maximum amount of emotional torment. The only logical choice was to refuse to play any longer; it gave you, Mycroft and the fictional people on the doomed plane the best odds of surviving since she had demonstrated no particular interest in anyone other than me.”
They were both so wounded by love but just so fundamentally kind and generous. They had each ended up in a relationship with users, people predisposed to take advantage of that sort of generosity of spirit. They deserved each other, deserved to get back all of the thoughtful and unselfish attentions they lavished on their partners.
He supposed it was inevitable after a few months that he would begin to wonder what it would be like if it were a man behind him. He found the idea not nearly as repulsive as he thought he should, as a completely straight man would.
John had just taken Rosie for a Saturday afternoon stroll in the park, giving Sherlock, in his best estimation, at least an hour before John returned to the flat and caught Sherlock mooching his computer. Not that that was at all unusual. But, since Sherlock planned to break into John’s private blog, the one he kept on his laptop in the file marked ‘porn’ thinking that it wouldn’t interest Sherlock, the blog he didn’t think Sherlock knew anything about, well, he had to make sure he had enough time to erase any and all time stamps and digital fingerprint traces of his incursion into the file.
John thought about it, considered it for perhaps a full five seconds. It would be so easy. But John Watson was no ostrich, and he wasn’t about to stick his head in the sand. Besides, he had a daughter to protect. He had deliberately overlooked so many of Mary’s deceptions, little things that just didn’t add up. He wouldn’t make that mistake again. John turned his pillow upright and sat on the bed, his back against the headboard. He gestured for Sherlock to sit as well, which he did, folding himself stiffly at the foot of the bed, one leg bent but with his shoe hanging over the edge off of the quilt.
“There’s shite in the ice trays!?” John shouted, sitting up to look at a rather smug looking Sherlock.
“Easy,” John demanded. “Slow down. Let me do it. It’ll hurt if you remove it too quickly,” John said as he put his hand over Sherlock’s at the base of the dildo, the floating testicles shifting nervously in his hand.
When John returned, Sherlock was deep in his mind palace sorting information and rapidly devising and discarding solutions as he turned the full power of his genius to ensuring that all of John’s needs would be met, thus ensuring that he would stay.
“I believe he said he was going to room 204 to talk with a Ms. Burton. He wanted to let her know about Harriet Watson’s condition before she found out from someone else. Dr. Watson has his issues, but fundamentally, at heart, I believe he is a good man. You could do much worse, brother.”
“Look at the knots, John,” he said excitedly, pointing to close ups of the bindings around the victim’s hands and feet. “They’re double constrictor knots with a slipped bight. That’s incredibly rare. They’re difficult to tie but very strong. They continue to tighten; the more the victim struggles, the tighter they become. And they’re all tied approximately eight degrees widdershins of true center. It’s our killer’s calling card.”
Sherlock nodded cautiously. When John neither moved nor spoke, Sherlock gave the other man the verbal reassurance he wanted. “I promise.”
“Fancy meeting you here,” Mycroft Holmes said jovially two hours later, well after Sherlock had returned to Baker Street. John started, startled. He hadn’t even heard the other man sit down on the park bench next to him, a testament to how little sleep he had gotten the night before, he supposed. He gave Rosie a quick glance, but she was content to watch the spray of the fountain and the swish of colorful fabric as the other park goers enjoyed the unusually warm fall weather.
John nodded his thanks to the nurse who gave him a cold frown for upsetting her patient. He exited quietly, and found Lestrade and Sherlock standing in the hallway. Sherlock reached into his jacket and produced a handkerchief, gently wiping John’s face before tucking it back into his pocket. It was only then that John realized that half of the sobbing had been him.
The physician in John began cataloguing injuries even as the man in him winced at the brutal beating the woman before him had endured. The left side of her face was black and blue, her eye completely swollen shut and the stitches at the side of her mouth made her look like a demented scarecrow. There were fingermarks ringed around her throat and bruising on her forearms consistent with defensive wounds. The way she sat, holding herself stiffly hinted at multiple fractured ribs. John noted this in a few seconds before registering the presence of another person in the room.
He shut the door and gripped the sink hard before bending over to fumble under the sink for their large and extensive first-aid kit. With Sherlock around, it was always best to be well-prepared for anything, up to and including accidental decapitation.
John liked Amanda, but her certainty that her boyfriend was going to propose on Christmas was beginning to wear thin, and the closer Christmas drew, the more unintentionally obnoxious she became about the whole thing. Going out to lunch with her was becoming increasingly similar to oral surgery without anaesthesia.
“I know. I don’t know why…” John trailed off at a loss for words as Mycroft reached into the breast pocket of his suitcoat and extracted something white. John was poised to decline the handkerchief when he saw that the white object pressed into his hand was not a scrap of fabric but a business card.
He looked woefully at the lovely leatherette case and regretted that he was probably going to have to burn it as well as all of the papers and take the remains down to the pub and stuff all of it into the rubbish bin in order to keep his secret. Well, that was a problem for tomorrow.
“The Diogenes Club,” Sherlock said hastily, giving the address to the tired taxi driver who pulled smoothly into the light, late night traffic as Sherlock’s fingers fairly flew, texting quickly.
John felt a hot flood of rage that Mycroft knew about the drunken abuse in his family. It was quickly replaced by despair as he realized that the other man was right. He could have very easily done serious harm to Sherlock the last time he had completely lost it, and without addressing the root cause of his anger issues, it could happen again. He didn’t like to think it could, but above all, he was a practical man and acknowledged truth when he saw it. The violence he was capable of, that he felt clawing away in his guts in the long dark of night, it frightened him as nothing else did, not even war.
His cock swung back and forth between his legs, a little fuller than its normal flaccid state but nowhere near erect. Despite that, he was very, very sure that he was going to come.
He passed Rosie back to Sherlock as the two regarded one another intently. John chanced a glance at Sherlock and noticed the detective was blinking hard. John grinned.
He glanced at the blinking cursor on his open laptop. He quickly closed out of Zachary Prince’s medical record and opened the browser. It couldn’t hurt to look, right? An hour later, he had found what he sought on the website of a custom jewelry company in Dublin, Ireland and bookmarked the page. He stared at the magnified picture of the perfect ring; it was a simple, flat band done in platinum, 7mm wide with an 18k yellow gold Claddagh etched into sharp relief running through the center of the band. The heart could be flush set in the quarter carat stone of the purchaser’s choice, or if no stone was desired, platinum or gold. And the purchaser also had the option of having the tiny crown set with micropavé diamonds. It was the ultimate representation of himself and Sherlock: partners, friends, and lovers.
A quick trip downstairs, and he had four bottles of chilled water on ice in the small Igloo cooler he and Sherlock used while on stake outs. He spared a quick, questioning thought as to why Sherlock had
Sherlock snorted. “Romantic love? Idiocy!” Sherlock exclaimed. “It’s a neurochemical response to external stimuli closely resembling a state of irrational infatuation and the inability to act in one’s own best interests. It’s best characterized by a failure to apply logic to any given situation or act in a manner consistent with one’s own well-being, and is marked by a chronic depreciation of one’s own self-worth and self-respect. In short, it’s a state of prolonged idiocy of the highest order. It’s a ridiculous societal construct employed to excuse self-destructive and selfish behavior that leaves nothing but misery and chaos in its wake.”
“Then take the cheque, John. It’s only money. I don’t need it, and I can always get more if Rosie needs anything,” Sherlock pleaded.
Not only was John already questioning his own sexuality, but a tiny part of him was already considering a sexual relationship with Sherlock. Now it was time to up the ante. John was going to rebel if he remained true to form, and there was no reason to believe otherwise. He would desperately try to find a woman and get a leg over as soon as possible to reaffirm his heterosexuality and prove to himself that what he really needed was the right woman.
His last day at the clinic was anti-climactic. He lanced two boils, saw a smattering of colds, made a referral to a neurologist regarding Mrs. Johansson’s migraines, and saw four children in need of vaccinations. He was quite looking forward to getting back into trauma surgery; he missed the pressure, the excitement, the thrill of saving a life. The staff had a little party for him late in the afternoon. They had even ordered a cake. Despite ending their relationship on good terms, he couldn’t help feeling that Sarah was more relieved than anything else to see him go.
Sherlock snorted. “What a ridiculous societal construct—the entire concept of virginity,” and Sherlock’s voice dripped scathing venom. “I had neither more nor less value as a human being because I lacked carnal knowledge of another person,” Sherlock spat derisively.
“Thank you,” John breathed softly. He felt Sherlock drop an arm around his shoulders, and he gladly pressed his face into Sherlock’s chest and let himself lean on the other man’s strength for just a little while.
For years this had been his dirty, shameful secret, and he had used his fingers to pleasure himself only when he was certain that he was alone and wouldn’t be interrupted. Bad enough to get caught with your hand around your dick—men jerked off—that was normal if somewhat embarrassing. Men did not cram two fingers up their arseholes and diddle around until they came. That was not normal, at least not in the military--the last bastion of the proudly strutting, gun toting, knuckle dragging alpha male, and any whisper of gossip that a man liked something in his arse meant he was gay.
John nodded. A weight slipped off his shoulders as he watched Mycroft walking down the meandering path through the park, brolly tapping out a brisk staccato rhythm. It occurred to him that regardless of how the books were balanced between Mycroft and Sherlock, he now owed Sherlock another debt he probably couldn’t repay.
“On October 3rd another victim was found. Again the hands and feet were bound with the unusual double constrictor knots with a slipped bight. The body showed similar signs of torture. Unknown to our killer, apparently, this victim had an underlying heart condition that caused him to expire prematurely before shock and blood loss could finish the job. Like the second victim, the face was left intact.”
“Of course I would! Have you met me, Watson?” Sherlock replied haughtily before pausing for a long moment, “…but, I stopped,” Sherlock admitted softly. “I know some of the things I did were a bit not good, but I want you to know that I stopped. I stopped reading your private blog after the arse fingering, and I stopped trying to sabotage your dates after Caitlyn.”
Sherlock waved his hand dismissively as they entered the flat and John laid Rosie in her cot in the corner.
“Fine then, we’ll share it,” Sherlock said with finality. “Go get changed,” he added in a tone that brooked no argument.
“Come down to the pub. Have a drink. Maybe chat with Lestrade or Donovan. There may be something they noticed but thought was too insignificant to put in their reports.”
His instructor, who had watched the entire debacle through a small one-way mirror over the sink had praised John’s quick thinking and given him high marks for the exam and preventing harm to his “patient.”
“Yes,” John said determinedly. “Yes, I really want to know. You’re not Sherlock, but you’re just as much of a genius in your own right. You’re just as good at the deduction thing as he is. I’ve seen you do it. Go on, then. Tell me.”
“Did you read those, John?” she asked, her voice breaking on her hitching breaths. “The ones from Bart’s,” she clarified. “Since the head injury, I’ve started having massive seizures. I’m forty-one years old, and I’ve had to move back in with my parents because I can’t be alone. I’ve lost my driver’s license, and it’s very likely that I’ll be like this for the rest of my life, according to the neurologists. Apparently, once you start having grand mal seizures, especially as an adult, they generally don’t go away; they just get worse. I’ve lost everything because of her, my job, my independence, my health, my freedom…all because she couldn’t bear to think that she didn’t own me anymore.”
“Okay, right then. I know you stopped reading my blog sometime in early November, but I know I mentioned in several posts prior to that that I was trying to work up the nerve to tell you that I love you.”
Nirvana. John floated in heavenly bliss as the powerful waves of pleasure associated with a prostate orgasm continued to course through his body and wrack his still shuddering frame.
“Gentlemen and Lady,” Sherlock said with a nod toward Donovan, “We are dealing with one of the most prolific serial killers Britain has ever seen.” Sherlock paused for a moment and poured himself some water from the pitcher on the table.
Sherlock actually looked at John’s eyes, although John wasn’t seeing much in the way of higher mental functioning there, or basic comprehension for that matter. Sherlock took a deep, steadying breath and nodded.
“Alright, assuming you’re right Sherlock…,” Lestrade grunted to a halt at Sherlock’s raised brow and slight sneer. “Alright, taking it as a given that you’re right, Sherlock, how do we set a trap?” Lestrade said, hastily correcting his error.
Sherlock pinned him with a steely blue green gaze, eyes going soft the longer he looked at John, thumb nervously beginning to massage John’s finger.
John shrugged. “I hold down the power button, force it to shut down, let it cool down for a while and reboot. That usually solves the problem.”
“How about bed?” John suggested. “I don’t know about you, but I’m exhausted. I feel like a dishrag that’s been put through the wringer one time too many and every fibre of my being is starting to fray. Nora and Rosie are gonna be up in a few hours, and if we don’t get some sleep, I think we’ll both drop. Besides, we have to be up by nine to get dinner started; we promised to host the Christmas party this year.”
His breath was coming in increasingly desperate pants, and it only took three more strokes for lightning to rip through every nerve ending in his body. He pitched forward until his cheek was pressed tightly against the damp, water warmed porcelain of the ancient claw foot bathtub as John came and came, loudly moaning a litany of “Oh God, Oh God, Oh God,” body spasming endlessly, uncontrollably.
At Sherlock’s nod, John continued. “I turned forty my last birthday, and I know you forgot,” John said tersely as he held up a hand forestalling Sherlock’s interruption.
On Friday, John had planned to skip the Red Lion Pub and attend a Parents Without Partners mixer after work after ensuring that Mrs. Hudson could babysit that evening. He came home grubby, sweaty, and smelling faintly of Billy Jameson’s vomit to discover that Sherlock had been experimenting with sulphur based compounds.
John, always glad to see family come to visit, found himself grateful to see them go as well. He collapsed on the sofa next to Sherlock, surveyed the mess and announced they would clean it up tomorrow.
John suppressed a smile and the urge to tell Sherlock that his usual sneer would be far more effective if he didn’t look like a petulant six year-old with his hair in an abominable riot of curls and red marks across his left cheek from the wrinkles in the pillow case.
Sherlock walked swiftly across the room and situated himself behind John’s chair so he could read over the other man’s shoulder. It was as he had suspected just before he berated himself downstairs.
“Sherlock,” John called, relief evident in his voice as he stepped off the elevator and headed straight toward the other man.
John clutched his nearly cold mug of tea tightly before blurting, “Mycroft came to see me on Sunday.” He looked at Sherlock equal parts dread and some weird sort of anticipation coiling through his abdomen.
Mycroft smirked into his scotch, and when the furor began to die down, he leaned down to John and said softly but sincerely, “Well done, Dr. Watson…well done.” That was all he had to say on the subject.
John grunted a soft “hmmm” in acknowledgement and shuffled off to the bedroom, removing his shoes before pulling on his sleep mask and literally falling into bed. He was asleep as soon as his head hit the pillow.
Any time he had ever thought about asking a partner to finger him, he had remembered that boy and kept his mouth firmly shut.
John bit his lip and quietly asked Sherlock if he wanted John to move to the upstairs bedroom. Sherlock fixed him with a cool glare, said “Don’t be an idiot, Watson,” and that was the end of it.
should have knocked her out completely by now. Normally he used a damp flannel as a gag because he could get very loud while pleasuring himself, and the cloth did double duty as a means to wipe himself up afterwards. But tonight, with Sherlock seven time zones east of Great Britain and with Mrs. Hudson two floors and two herbal soothers away, he would be able to fully indulge himself without fear of discovery.
“It’s not that simple, Sherlock,” John said quietly. “We common people can’t delete things we don’t want to remember. And I remember just a few weeks after I almost beat you to death, you put a gun to your own head so that you wouldn’t have to kill either me or Mycroft; either of us was far more deserving of that bullet than you were.”
John thought back to their previous cases. “Heavy gauge zip ties, I suppose,” John said at last. “Fast, efficient, strong, cheap, and easy to conceal; you can get them pretty much anywhere, and they don’t look all that suspicious if someone sees them in your boot with the first aid kit and the like.”
He was even starting to feel less cold, maybe even a tad warm. He knew that was an illusion, that hypothermia was likely beginning to set in, but he also found that he didn’t much care. He simply couldn’t face Sherlock at the moment. Of all the scenarios to have played out in his head over the last several weeks, the events that occurred this evening…well, it had never occurred to him that Sherlock didn’t love him, at least a little bit.
“Look,” John said firmly in a voice he was trying to modulate downwards from an irritated shout, “I’m telling you that you have a glitch in your program.”
She offered a soft smile, picked up her papers and climbed carefully down the stairs. John hailed a cab for her and watched as it rounded the corner and disappeared before climbing the steps back to his flat, slower this time, shaking his head mutely when Mrs. Hudson tried to coax him in for a cuppa.
Sherlock sighed heavily and John knew that Sherlock had just tacitly conceded the point, albeit very unwillingly.
Most weeks, unless Sherlock had a case of at least a level 7, John guilted the consulting detective into accompanying him. He knew that Sherlock would almost certainly rather be doing something …
“John, Dr. King called while you were in the shower. The other doctors at the clinic are willing to cover your position as long as you need. I’m not sure how they found it. It might have been Mycroft, or one of them may have been called to Bart’s on a consult and learned of it there. Regardless, they want to help.”
John looked. He was uncertain what he was looking at; it looked like an ordinary knot to him. There was nothing unusual about the rope either, standard grade stuff available at any hardware store. The tissue surrounding the knots was heavily purpled with bruising and severely inflamed. There were numerous cuts to the fingers and hands that looked clean, less raw than the torn and rubbed wrists and ankles. John looked up, confused and somewhat skeptical.
He licked his fingers, getting them nice and wet before using them to tease his nipples, working them in circles, pinching them in a vain effort to simulate a hot, sucking mouth and sharp nibbling teeth.
“Do you really, honestly, think that Sherlock loves me?” John whispered at last, searching Mycroft’s face for signs of deception.
Sherlock shrugged nonchalantly and then swung his feet over the side of the couch in one quick, graceful move so that he was now sitting upright and facing John.
“I just mean that I made it all about me….how fast, how hard, everything was about what I wanted. No foreplay for you…nothing. I feel a bit like I used you even though I’m not sure how else it could have gone—for safety’s sake, mind you…unless we’d done something else, something not involving penetration.”
John whimpered as Sherlock seized an opportunity to experiment, grasped the base of the dildo and began working it across John’s prostate in the same slow rhythm John had inadvertently taught him before. He had been on edge now for nearly two hours, and he couldn’t take much more.
“I think so too,” John whispered his quiet agreement as he patted Sherlock’s hand before settling it across his hip.
“No,” Sherlock said decisively. “It’s the same man. A copycat would be inexperienced, sloppier than his master. There would be hesitation marks; the ropes would have been tied with slightly less or more tension, not quite that eight degree twist to the knot. Plus the fact that these photos haven’t been released to the public.”
John was hard, but it didn’t matter. He would ignore his aching, needy cock for now in favor of the more intense full body orgasm he knew was coming. Forcing his fingers down and away from his oh-so-sensitive nipples, he stroked the taut muscles of his abdomen, the skin prickling with suppressed heat at the light tease. He spared a momentary regret that at forty, no matter how much he seemed to exercise, he still retained a layer of fat over what had once been rock hard abs. Overall, though, it wasn’t a bad body at all. He was pleased that regular workouts and chasing around after Sherlock had left him with a well-defined chest, muscular arms, a firm, taut arse, and thick, solid thighs.
John’s face was almost literally on fire when his instructor stepped into the room with a glass of ice water for “Mr. Smith” and helped a stuttering John explain how that reaction was completely normal. Up until that point, John had heard that reactions like that did occur on occasion. He’d never actually seen one and really thought it was a load of shite for the most part.
He then returned his phone to his pocket. Ten minutes later as John was describing a spectacular pub crawl he and a few of his mates had made just before their last deployment, John’s phone rang. Noticing that it was Sherlock, he sent it to voice mail. Two other calls from Sherlock were summarily dismissed and sent immediately to voice mail. When John’s phone rang again, Caitlyn’s soft and slightly amused “Maybe you ought to get that,” actually made John look at the phone. He was surprised to discover it was Gregory Lestrade. John offered a tentative, somewhat uncomfortable smile to his date before swiping to answer.
Sherlock ignored the doctor’s remonstrations and tried to figure out what polite social convention dictated in circumstances like these. This was more Mycroft’s area than his, and he immediately regretted not asking for a few hints before The British Government sauntered off for parts unknown… probably toppling some third world dictator or other, Sherlock thought snidely.
Sherlock grabbed the chair opposite John, flipped it smoothly around, and then sat straddle of it, chin resting on his arms folded across the back of the chair. His eyes glittered silver blue in the strong morning sunlight. John sensed a tension, a tautness in the grim set of the other man’s shoulders and a harsh set to his classic features.
Sherlock smiled gleefully and continued as if Lestrade had never interrupted. “A random comment John made prompted me to comb through Scotland Yard’s murder records.”
John considered. No. He wasn’t going to be at Sherlock’s beck and call. Caitlyn was making her way back to the table. John pasted on his game face determined to really give this date a chance. He texted back quickly:
Sherlock closed his mouth on what was certain to be a cutting retort as he switched his focus to John.
“What about the burns on the third victim and the bleach poured in the eyes of the first victim?” Donovan interjected.
She paused to find a tissue in her purse and wipe her eyes. “I finally couldn’t take it anymore. After she fractured my wrist and cracked two ribs, I was done. I left and made sure she didn’t know where I was living. I reported the stalking behavior, and my employer was able to confirm it, as she had seen Harry waiting outside and harassing me before and after work. That was enough to get a restraining order. I didn’t want her to go to prison, John. God help me, I still loved her.”
It worked out well for Rosie, who had no other grandparents or family. John’s own parents, a violent alcoholic and his co-dependent enabler of a wife, had died in a car crash soon after John had been posted to Afghanistan on his first tour. John’s only sibling, his older sister Harry, was so deep into the bottle herself he doubted she would ever find her way out. After one disastrous visit when Rosie was three months old and Harry had shown up to meet her new niece so pissed she couldn’t walk straight, John had severed all ties with his drunken sister. She could do as she pleased with her life, but Rosie didn’t need to see it.
John sighed. “You’re going to have to push like we did with the dildo, push and release, push and release until the muscles relax enough for the head to go in. When the head pops in, stop, okay?”
“Is it Sherlock?” John demanded. “Is he alright?” John asked as he signaled wildly for the check while throwing several crumpled ten pound notes on the table.
Sherlock nodded. “…demons drive her to this self-destructive behavior, but I can tell you that no addict ever truly seeks sobriety until he or she hits absolute rock bottom, and that’s a different place for every one of us.”
“I don’t need help,” John insisted, stubborn resolve rising to the fore. He sighed gustily when he saw the look of concern being directed toward him. “I appreciate it, really I do, but I need to work right now. I need to have some semblance of normalcy, do something productive. I can’t help Harry, and I need time to figure out what to say to her. I’ll go mad if I have to sit here or at Bart’s with nothing to do. Surely you understand?” John pleaded.
John stared at Sherlock for almost a full minute before bursting into hysterical laughter, listing to the side as he began to slide onto the floor.
Sherlock inclined his head and gestured for her to sit. “Would you like me to make tea?” Sherlock murmured; he could probably boil water and steep tea in a saucepan. He wasn’t one for reading social cues, but even he could feel the tension in the room and felt a semi-urgent desire to be elsewhere. Unlike John, he had deduced what was coming. This was not going to be good by any stretch of the imagination.
Anticipation was killing him. He flushed scarlet, grateful for the privacy his small office afforded and inordinately glad that he had had the foresight to have the package delivered to his medical office rather than to the flat at 221B Baker Street, which he shared with Sherlock Holmes, moody mad genius and human bloodhound extraordinaire.
John was exceptionally loyal, good in a fight with fists or firearms, not lacking in bravery, and able to check some of Sherlock’s wilder escapades and downright dangerous proclivities. In short, John Watson made Sherlock Holmes a better person and a better detective. Rosie was an added bonus. At first Sherlock had viewed her as competition for John’s time and attention. Somewhere in the first week that had changed and morphed into his opportunity to raise a child, to impress his knowledge and skills upon the next generation, to leave a lasting legacy of brilliance without all of the baggage and mess (i.e. romantic emotional entanglements) that generally accompanied fatherhood.
Sherlock seemed to consider for a moment, studying John’s face intently. “Your terms are acceptable. Are you truly ready for this? I need ….”
A soft litany of “fuck me...more, more, harder” fell in a choked demand from his bitten lips as his body learned the hard, steady, absolutely relentless rhythm Sherlock had established, and he matched it--pushed back into it…his good, right arm reaching back to wrap around the rigid muscle at the back of Sherlock’s thigh as his weight fell completely on his curled left forearm and a hopelessly damp, wrinkled pillow. His fingers tightened against Sherlock’s taut hamstring and tried to pull the slick flesh tighter against him.
John looked up a few moments later to see Sherlock silently tracing the blurred outline of the ring with his right index finger as he mouthed the words in the printout description.
“It’s not your fault,” Sherlock said decisively. “Harriet made her own choice. She made choices throughout her entire adult life that led to this point and made this last choice when she couldn’t live with the consequences of her prior choices. She considered what she had done and passed judgment on herself. I am an addict, and if I had hurt John in this manner or Rosie, I probably would have done the same,” Sherlock concluded evenly. “If you’ll excuse me,” he said sharply and exited, taking the stairs two at a time, the door to Baker Street closed resoundingly behind him.
“I assumed you used that term of phrase to delineate romantic love as opposed to fraternal or platonic love.”
“Sherlock, I’m not trying to disrupt your life. You can just get another flat mate, yeah? I just can’t afford to live here much longer on what I earn doing locum work at the clinic. Originally, Mary and I thought it would be better if I went back to locum work; it would give me more time with Rosie. With two incomes, both of us working only part time made sense. And before Rosie, it was enough when it was just you and I living here at Baker Street, but now….” John trailed off.
Despite his inability to grasp social cues, due to familiarity, Sherlock could read John better than other people; he was hurt, at least a little. John needed reassurance. “John,” Sherlock tried again. “As I’ve explained to you, The Work is essential to me…to my very sanity. You are indispensable to The Work, making you just as important to my sanity…,” Sherlock blundered awkwardly. “This experiment was the very epitome of success, do you understand?”
But the Sherlock in his fantasy didn’t care about a little bit of extra padding. He teased John’s belly button with a wet tongue and hot kisses, before giving a single, wet lick along John’s stiff cock, swirling his tongue through the leaking pre-cum across the head before pulling away with a last teasing flick of his tongue.
A few well-chosen words in Gregory Lestrade’s ear, a small—large-- application of ethyl alcohol, and just stand back and watch the fireworks.
Sherlock flashed through several still photos that graphically portrayed these facts. “On September 27th two more bodies were found. Again, both victims had been bound with double constrictor knots with a slipped bight. The bodies revealed marks of torture identical to the first victims.’ This time the faces of both victims were removed.” More slides flashed across the screen. “So, why the removal of the faces?” Sherlock speculated. “It wasn’t a forensic countermeasure. All of the victims still had teeth and could easily be identified from dental records, even if their fingerprints were shredded.” Sherlock paused to let his query sink in.
John studied the fountain as he gathered his thoughts. “We talked. I told him I didn’t think I could do a physical relationship with him. We sort of tabled it there. I think he’s trying to give me time and space to change my mind. And, as this is a private matter, that’s all I’ll say on the subject.”
Rosie took the opportunity at that moment to twist around in John’s grip, shout “Erwokk” again and grab the detective’s finger.
“Walk with me, Dr. Watson,” Mycroft commanded in a low voice. “Rosie will be well looked after, I promise you,” he said softly as he gripped John’s elbow firmly and began leading him toward the deserted picnic area. “Before you begin sputtering again, let me explain. Oh I know consciously you think of Sherlock as simply your best friend, but I’ve seen how you look at him—looks of adoration disguised as admiration or indulgent frustration.”
John sighed. If there was such a thing as reincarnation and karma, he wanted to be a fucktard genius detective in his next life; maybe then he could look back during a past life regression session on his time spent with Sherlock and figure out half of what went on in that magnificent brain.
He motioned to John to follow him back into the bedroom. As soon as both men were inside, he shut and locked the door behind him and then turned on the fan in the corner, the one John used for white noise when Sherlock was typing so fast his laptop emitted a steady clacking noise.
“Your earlier sentiment. Although you never formally asked the question, if you still desire to marry me, the answer is yes.”
How utterly odd, John thought as he swung his legs over the side of the bed, sat up, and turned on the bedside lamp. It was true that Sherlock didn’t sleep much, and it was perfectly within the realm of possibility that he was getting up for the day. But, the fact remained that Sherlock normally threw on an old dressing gown or slouched around in his pajamas until he had to get dressed. Hell, this was the man who wore a sheet to Buckingham Palace.
“What do you want?” Sherlock whispered against the damp skin he was currently laving with his tongue, making John shiver in his arms. The hot tongue continued up, along the jaw line and began to probe delicately at an ear lobe.
“Lestrade said that I needed to get my, and I quote, “skinny arse home. John needs you now. His sister’s just died for fuck’s sake.” So, do you need me?”
John laughed until tears came, the laughter coming to a choked standstill when John realized that Mycroft hadn’t so much as twisted his lips in a smirk. “Surely you’re joking,” John said on a gasp, looking for any signs of humor in that cool façade. Finding none, he stared slack jawed at Mycroft feeling as if he had just been transported to the Twilight Zone. “You must be mistaken. We’re talking about Sherlock here—you know, married to The Work Sherlock,” John said at last.
He had vague recollections of his grandmother bemoaning his etiquette and chastising him for not showing an interest in other people’s lives. He personally thought most people led bland and boring routine lives, and there was little of interest he could not deduce when he cared enough to make the effort. Still, it was for John…
“I turned in my two weeks’ notice this morning,” John said softly as he came in and noticed Rosie asleep in the crook of Sherlock’s arm. His other hand was busy thumbing through crime scene photos as he perused them and the lab results. Autopsy findings were still pending. John reached out to take Rosie and settled her firmly against his chest, still deeply asleep.
He felt the slimy squirt of lube then. Sherlock didn’t stop until it had begun to run down John’s thighs. The next moment he felt pressure as the blunt head of Sherlock’s generously endowed cock tried to penetrate him. John bore down against the pressure, which was abruptly removed.
“I’m sorry, sir, but our technicians have been unable to find a glitch. They tell me that all changes to your profile are being made from your end, not ours.”
At last the older gentleman cleared his throat. “Sometime in the next few days, Sherlock is going to clumsily and inelegantly proposition you, John.”
It didn’t take a Ph.D. in psychology to realize that his fantasy partner was Sherlock. John wasn’t certain if that made him bisexual or not; he didn’t want men—he wanted Sherlock.
Mycroft crossed his legs and settled more fully onto the bench as John eyed him warily, inwardly seething. The only thing preventing him from verbally lashing out at Holmes the elder was the shocked, hard lump currently lodged in his own larynx.
3) Real Doll Incorporated is an actual business in San Marco, California—I kid you not. I was doing some online research for dildos used by men devoted to prostate orgasms and several of their blogs led me to the RD website. Not sure if AO3 will let me put in a link but it’s RealDolldotcom and the Real Cock II is a very expensive, hand painted, extremely realistic dildo that costs five hundred dollars ($500) in US currency and has a waiting list. I did the conversion to British Pounds Sterling and then tacked on a bit for international postage/shipping and handling expenses and rounded it off to four hundred pounds even. It does not, however, come in the average size that John orders, only the X size referenced in this story. LOL. You can see it by going to the website and clicking on the link for toys and doll accessories. As soon as I saw it, I had to incorporate it somehow into this story. It was just way too much fun to pass up, and so the size kink fetish for this story was born.
He supposed it was just as inevitable that sometimes those thoughts would intrude while he was making love with Mary; every now and again he would fantasize that there really was a man behind him, that it was a man’s heavy, angular, solid weight behind him, truly pinning him down, fucking him relentlessly with a thick, hard cock. There would be a set of large hands, elegant but masculine, moonbeam pale, covering his own hands, fingers intertwined, while dark curls brushed along his nape and rosy pink Cupid’s bow lips pressed sweat salt kisses against his spine.
“He’s a therapist, a real therapist, unlike that hand-holding, mollycoddling idiot you are currently seeing,” Mycroft said dismissively. “He is the one I send our agents to, the ones who have been tortured, the ones who are burning out or self-destructing. If you really want help, call him.”
Christmas dinner was served an hour late, but Sherlock’s mother was positively delighted that it gave everyone a chance to talk longer and catch up. She was especially thrilled when Sherlock announced that he and John were engaged to be married, a move that startled John so much that he choked on the mouthful of mulled wine he had just drunk. John made a mental note to remind Sherlock that announcements regarding their relationship should be discussed and agreed to beforehand.
“Highly unlikely. I perused those crime scenes myself. One of those idiots noticing something I missed…,” Sherlock scoffed disdainfully.
Sherlock glanced sideways at him before replying. “I didn’t give a thought to your needs or best interests when I sabotaged your attempts at dating other people or when I read your private blog.”
It had taken John and Nora nearly an hour to talk Sherlock out of his nighttime reconnaissance mission to the DI’s home, and John silently cursed the fact that Sherlock hadn’t had an interesting case in nearly two weeks. Nora and Rosie had long since retired, exhausted after a long day of Christmas preparations, and John suspected Sherlock’s slowly improving mood was because the promise of the wine and food was starting to look appealing since Sherlock hadn’t eaten since that morning, if you could call a half of a piece of dry toast food.
John walked slowly back to 221B Baker Street, his mind a tumultuous swirl of conflicting thoughts and emotions. If someone had asked him later what route he had taken to get there, he really couldn’t have answered with any accuracy at all. Should he confront Sherlock first or wait for the other man to make this ridiculous proposition? Should he try to let Sherlock down gently? But, then again, Sherlock was about as subtle as a freight train. If he tried to let the other man down gently, Sherlock may not understand.
“Yeah, Sarah wants all of my paperwork caught up before I leave, and since it’s the onset of flu season, we’ve been slammed at the clinic anyway. Thanks for watching her.”
“It’s a godsend that Mrs. H agreed to keep her this late,” John continued softly. “And stop trying to change the subject. That still doesn’t excuse your boorish and utterly offensive behavior. All you had to do was quietly point out the breaches of procedure to Lestrade and let him deal with it. It is his job and his crime scene, after all,” John fumed.
It made him wonder, again, if Mary had known. If she hadn’t, she wasn’t the intelligent, clever woman he had known her to be. If she did, and she had married him anyway, well, that realization brought its own emotional grenades to this little shooting war.
John rubbed the bridge of his nose and sighed. “I told you, Sherlock, I can’t afford a nanny. Without Mary’s income, I can’t afford a lot of things I’d like for Rosie.”
Sherlock apparently took that as a directive because he was diligently trying to push John’s knees wider as he knelt in between.
Since they wouldn’t listen to her, she needed an agent: someone whose opinion they trusted, someone honourable and above reproach, someone with no apparent interest in their romantic exploits, and someone just a little bit gullible.
“I said, does the skin look burned to you? You are a doctor, right?” Sherlock asked with some amusement and a hint of exasperation.
“For what it’s worth, Dr. Watson, I recommend that you seriously consider Sherlock’s offer before dismissing it out of hand. I really believe you could be good for each other, perhaps even truly happy together.”
Sherlock closed the folder immediately and gave John his full attention. John shook his head, a sigh of frustrated indulgence gusting past his lips. He should have known. If John had run around the room screaming with his jumper on fire, he might have gotten enough of Sherlock’s attention for the other man to grunt at him. Say something was for Rosie, and Sherlock was all ears.
Sherlock was quietly seething until he got a call from Lestrade. “Double murder in Surrey, John! At least a 7 from what Lestrade says. The face of one of the victims was surgically peeled off. We may have a serial killer. Could be a murder/suicide. Christmas has come early this year,” Sherlock actually hummed Ode to Joy as he pulled on his Belstaff. “Come on John. What are you waiting for, an engraved invitation? The game is on!”
The tension on Sherlock’s face cleared immediately. This was a question he could answer definitively and with ease. “Eighty-four female partners and one hundred seventeen male partners. Men are definitely the easier conquest.”
...instead of telling you, really preparing you, for what could be coming for you…for you and Rosie. How many cases have we had where people cheated for
Remembering the falling young man in the exam room, John shut off the water, grabbed his towel, rolled it up into a tube shape and tossed it on the floor of the bathtub before kneeling down on the padded terrycloth. He squeezed a healthy additional dollop of the organic shower gel onto his fingers and proceeded to press against the outer rectal muscle. This was more difficult. The muscle resisted, but John was persistent—pushing forward and pulling back as he rubbed in small circular motions. Less than a minute later, the muscle relaxed and allowed him to ease two fingers inside.
“So, you think tainted heroin may have been responsible for bringing on some sort of drug induced psychosis?”
Sherlock and Nora were another matter entirely. Nora liked things clean and orderly. Sherlock favored some form of controlled chaos John could never quite fathom. They mostly avoided one another when at all possible. The fact that Nora adored Rosie, as did Sherlock, engendered minimal cooperation between the two, but for the sake of everyone’s sanity, they kept their distance from one another.
The older woman had nodded sharply, bundled Rosie up and taken her to the crèche, stating that she would absent herself for the day. John suspected that she was going to Bart’s to see Harry but lacked the energy, or perhaps it was the motivation, to ask.
“Yes. If we were to use the Kinsey scale, I’m most likely a three.” Sherlock was being so matter of fact, and John was still floundering, blushing at even asking Sherlock these questions. But, then again, Sherlock had very little sense of personal boundaries nor any shame associated with what polite society termed social conventions. To Sherlock there was just as much stigma associated with sex as there was in discussing one’s tea preferences.
Sherlock was no gourmet, but he did know how to work the coffeepot and could microwave leftover sausages. He had also boiled water and emptied in 3 packets of instant apple cinnamon oatmeal; John smiled fondly, picked up the empty packets from where they had been left discarded next to the covered oatmeal pot and walked them over to the rubbish bin before wiping up the spilled coffee grounds scattered on the counter. He poured himself a very large cup of coffee and began to eat. Sherlock would show up in his own time.
“This side’s fine,” Sherlock said as he plugged his laptop in next to his phone. “Will the light bother you?” he asked as he gestured to the computer.
Sherlock paused to swallow and consider his next words. “However, like any computer, at some point, it begins to glitch. It doesn’t run as fast. It starts to freeze up, get caught in loops, over heat. Tell me, Watson, what do you do when your laptop starts up with that sort of behavior?”
As promised, here is the first of 2 chapters for the week.  I will likely post chapter 4 after work on Friday evening.
He supposed it was inevitable. John knew the feelings were there, but the series of events as they stood was forcing him to act on them. If he didn’t, he knew he would regret forever letting Sherlock walk out that door. But Sherlock was catching on.
“Jesus Christ,” Lestrade swore loudly. “A bloody serial killer operating under our noses for over 30 years and no one made the connection until now.”
As he sank into the moment, he sank into memory, idly remembering the first time he had indulged himself in such a wanton and hedonistic pleasure. Third year of medical school…John had already signed the pre-enlistment papers. It was a spur of the moment decision he did not regret in the slightest. Upon his graduation from medical school, he would begin his residency in a military hospital. As soon as humanly possible, he was getting the hell out of England and away from his drunken family for good.
John stopped giggling when Sherlock angrily shoved the pajama bottoms and his pants down to the floor in one tangled mess.
John gasped. Bloody hell, the man was good. And not for the first time John wondered if Mycroft didn’t have listening devices planted in every television and piece of electronic equipment in the UK. John hadn’t thought about that night in years. He had just turned thirteen when a sixteen year old Harry had violated curfew and come home at a quarter to three that Saturday morning. John had been in bed soundly asleep when the ensuing row woke him. He had crept downstairs unnoticed as screaming voices parried back and forth between his enraged parents and a defiant Harry.
He wished he had had the common sense to put on his coat, or at least to grab his wallet and keys before he stormed out of the flat. He shivered again and tucked his hands tighter into his arm pits as the snow began to fall more thickly. Midnight. He heard the distant bells of St. James Church as they began to peal, signaling the arrival of Christmas. John knew he should trudge out into the snow and make his way back to the flat, but he was, if not comfortable on the park bench, at least content enough.
“A bunch of crap that makes no sense, Sherlock. I’m in no mood for this,” John said tiredly as he turned toward the stairs. “I’ll sleep upstairs in the spare room tonight, and I’ll start looking for another flat after Christmas.”
to mention the completely demented Eurus, … their chances of acquiring a biological grandchild were probably somewhere very close to negative 100 on the *Kelvin scale.
“It sounds ideal. What is, as they say, the catch?” Sherlock inquired shrewdly. “You’re hesitating.”
John forced himself to slow down, to back away from the brink, desperate to come but some part of him even more desperate to make it last. Closing his eyes, he imagined Sherlock over him, slowing the tempo, teasing John, eyes glittering silver blue in the dim light as he eagerly watched John, watched him come undone just for him.
Clara smiled wanly with the right half of her mouth and shook her head minutely, in obvious deference to her painful head injuries.
Bonus points for you popular culture aficionados if you identified the more obscure 1987 movie reference early on in the chapter.
John was certain that someone was to blame, and if he was ever able to pinpoint the guilty party with any degree of real certainty, that person was going to pay…and pay dearly for the complete debacle that was about to become his life. As John later came to learn, it all began at the Red Lion Pub, four streets over and just west of his flat on Baker Street.
“Hopefully, therapy will shed some insight onto that for your sister,” Sherlock answered. He picked up his phone and opened it to the text message section, selecting Mycroft’s contact information. “Do I have your consent to help her, John?”
He put his Ipod into its Ihome speaker dock, flipped it on and set the playlist to “sexy, smooth jazz.” He covered the small LED lamp with a large square of blue silk creating a muted ambience. The two vanilla sandalwood candles he lit before getting into the shower burned softly in their jars, filling the room with their exotic scent. He quickly plugged in the heating pad, set it to low/warm and placed the large bottle of ID Glide lubricant he had ordered with his toy as well as his new Real Cock II on the pad and folded it over to warm them up to body temperature.
“John, listen to me,” Sherlock demanded as he gripped the other man’s wrists and gave him a little shake. “None of this is your fault. This was Harry’s life, her choices that have brought her to this point.”
“You’re exhausted, Watson. You’ve worked at the clinic until at least ten o’clock every night this week; you’re barely sleeping at all on that uncomfortable pull out sofa in the corner; and additionally now you’ve a sore back to contend with as well. Take my bed, at least for tonight.”
Life was better for them both. John was healing slowly but surely, adjusting to life as a single father. Although he was never quite certain that was the appropriate terminology. Since moving back into 221B Baker Street, Sherlock had taken on a lot of the responsibility of caring for Rosie’s needs. However, on any given day, Sherlock was just as likely to be a hindrance as to be a help, leaving John with the definite feeling that he was raising two children instead of one.
Sherlock shook his head and steepled his fingers under his chin in his favorite thinking pose, untouched mug of tea still sitting at his right elbow. “No, you go ahead. I’ll wake you at 11:30 if you’re not up by then.”
John’s solution to the “aching loneliness” was to begin dating again. Clearly these little weekly jaunts to the Red Lion were insufficient to meet John’s needs for companionship and friendship. John also saw this as a way to “give Rosie a positive feminine role model” (ridiculous—she already had Mrs. Hudson, Molly, and Sherlock’s own mother cooing over her constantly) and perhaps if all went well “secure a real family with a mother” for Rosie.
“No, I did not,” Mycroft said with a slight sneer as he turned cold, sharp eyes on the smaller man seated next to him. “I did it to spare Sherlock another vicious beating at the hands of his supposed best friend,” Mycroft said coldly.
“What’s fucking wrong with me?” he mused silently to himself as Caitlyn excused herself to use the ladies room. Here was the perfect woman and … nothing, no spark. Before Mary, he’d have extracted his own wisdom teeth with a holiday nutcracker to even have a shot with such a woman.
He did, however, draw the line at painting the entire periodic table on the wall of what would become Rosie’s nursery.
John picked up another cookie and took a small bite, chewing slowly before handing the rest of the cookie almost reflexively to a blissed out Peppy.
“Do you need me, John?” Sherlock whispered, and as John tipped his head back to look closely at Sherlock as it was unlike the detective to repeat himself, the other man took immediate advantage and fastened soft lips to John’s throat.
“Then I would have gone with him, backed him up,” John asserted in a hot whisper, trying to ensure that he didn’t wake the peacefully napping Rosie.
Sherlock breathed a sigh of relief. If John hadn’t deleted his profile, Sherlock was going to have to invest in a backup phone battery with the amount of time he had to spend checking and ‘fixing’ John’s dating profile.
The muscles around Sherlock’s eyes were twitching rapidly, the only physical indication that Sherlock’s brain was moving at light speed, in John’s considerable experience. At last those Caribbean blue green eyes came to rest on John’s face in a hard, penetrating stare.
Sherlock stared at John’s hand clasped tightly in his own, brow knitted and didn’t respond. He took two deep breaths in slow succession before John heard a soft “yes,” breathed out on a slow gust of air.
John nodded and briefly considered the man seated next to him. “Alright, you’ve got yourself a deal, but …” John paused significantly as he put his own caveat on the table. “Since you say you would have offered me this position anyway, Sherlock gets his favor back.”
“But John,” Sherlock whined, and boy could Sherlock whine when he was in a snit. “Anderson was contaminating evidence left and right. He was ungloved, for God’s sake, and licking his fingers as he paged through the books and papers looking for a non-existent suicide note, even after I had deduced that it was not a murder/suicide, but a straight up double murder, and that imbecilic photographer…”
you. I will never lose my logical, rational mind to that extent. I will never tolerate being treated like yesterday’s rubbish or feign ignorance of betrayals and outright lies, nor will I ever treat you in that manner,” Sherlock finished tightly.
“I imagine,” Mycroft continued, smoothly breaking into John’s disturbing reverie, “that any young man having endured what you did in the wake of that travesty would deeply suppress any and all bisexual leanings. But, as I said before, the way you look at my brother cannot be concealed. The times you become angry, angry enough to hurt Sherlock, are the times when your feelings are so near the surface that they are about to break free, times when your first instinct is to run to him, to kiss him, to love and comfort him—when he has miraculously returned from death or when he is wounded, broken and hurting. These are the times when your conditioning re-asserts itself, when you strike out viciously against that which you desire most, when you attempt to push it away, to hurt it, to eradicate its hold on your heart.”
He would never trust Sherlock to buy milk, remember to pay the light bill, or think about the rent before turning down a lucrative case…but…conversely there was no one he trusted more. Sherlock would kill for him, die for him….hell, he had already drawn up the papers; if anything ever happened to John, Rosie would be raised by Sherlock.
John sorted through the pages rapidly and then again a bit more slowly, lingering the longest over the photographs. “Jesus,” he muttered as he dropped the whole stack on the coffee table and sat back to scrub tired hands across his eyes. “How long?” he asked finally.
“She slammed my head into a wall, John. I could feel the plaster shatter and cave in behind me… so much blood… and then she was choking me. I lost consciousness then. I was actually surprised when I woke up on the floor,” Clara sobbed harder. “I thought I was going to die,” she whimpered.
“You’re sure?” Sherlock asked once more. At John’s nod, he stood and pulled off his coat dropping it carelessly in front of the door. John swallowed hard, opened his arms and nervously reached out for Sherlock.
Glimpses of skin at his throat and along his chest teased him now, brushes of his hand or his hair as he reached around John for a mug in the kitchen had all of John’s senses on high alert. He wanted…something, but he wasn’t yet sure quite what that something was. He wanted to touch, to explore, but he wasn’t sure how far he was willing to take it. If there was one thing John despised, it was a tease, and he had no wish to make promises to Sherlock and/or his body that he wasn’t 100% prepared to back up. And so he waited, looks growing just a little bolder as the days passed.
“No,” John thundered as he slammed down his teacup, head jerking up sharply as he looked at Sherlock, eyes piercing and nostrils flaring. “Sorry,” he murmured a moment later on a sigh. “I understand that you’re only trying to help, but enough is enough…. No more.”
Once his legs had begun shifting restlessly and his hips were pushing down, desperate with need, he squirted more lube and slid the first fingertip teasingly into his opening. John was moaning now. He had intended to take this slower, tease the nerve endings in the rim with tiny circles and barely there penetration, but he hadn’t had a lover since Mary died.
Mycroft had visibly struggled to rein in his amusement as John ranted about his ‘dubious morality,’ ‘questionable and dangerous objectives,’ and ‘downright harebrained schemes.’ At John’s conclusion after he finally wound down, i.e. when John finally had to pause in order to breathe, Mycroft had informed the ex-soldier that Anthea would be accompanying Sherlock the entire time.
John sighed gustily. He could try asking for more hours at the clinic, but that meant more babysitting services would be needed, and he would need to cut back on helping Sherlock with cases. There was no denying it. He was going to have to move out soon, find a small two bedroom flat that wasn’t so centrally located and wasn’t, therefore, so expensive. He would tell Sherlock tomorrow.
is not a definite 'no', which means there is still a chance, however small, that you might reconsider. To that end, I’ve nothing to lose and everything to gain by answering your questions honestly. So ask, John.”
Sherlock’s eyes had narrowed shrewdly at the mention of Mycroft’s name and remained squinted as if in deep concentration.
“Oh God yes, please.” John whispered, uncertain why but darkness always seemed to create the need to whisper. John turned over on his side, and he relaxed as he felt Sherlock curl behind him. Sherlock didn’t particularly care to cuddle, at least he didn’t like to sleep that way. He would gladly hold John until the other man fell asleep and then roll over onto his side of the bed. Sherlock claimed he got too hot pressed against someone else; he was also an incredibly light sleeper and would awaken instantly if he were touched during sleep. John suspected it had something to do with being the brightest student at the boarding school, and, knowing Sherlock, he hadn’t had the social understanding to conceal that from the other children.
Sherlock’s motions ceased as he looked at John curiously. Some awareness slid across John’s consciousness like a liquid caress, but he lost it immediately when Sherlock kissed him again.
“Yes…yes…Is Sherlock alright?” John asked as he settled back into a taxi that smelled of old cigarettes and used chewing gum underneath the more chemical strains of artificial vanilla air freshener.
“Sherlock,” John said in a soft but no nonsense voice as he laid Rosie in her cot in the corner. He waited for Sherlock to raise his eyes and actually pretend to listen to what John had to say. “I think I may have found the solution to our nanny problem.”
John took a deep, steadying breath. “Peer pressure?” he guessed. “You wanted friends, wanted to fit in at some point in your life before you decided that normal was boring?”
Sherlock turned from where he had just plugged his phone in to charge and looked at the bed. He shrugged nonchalantly. “It was no effort, and if it makes you feel better, why not?”
“As I said, she’s in good health but she’s not young anymore, and she isn’t keen on taking the Underground to and from work every day. She wants room and board in exchange for a lesser salary. After having lived outside of Leeds on a farm for the last thirty odd years, she wants to live in central London and enjoy everything the city has to offer. And, well, we only have the two bedrooms. I’m willing to give up my room and sleep on the fold-out in the lounge, but that still leaves us a bedroom short. Rosie will need her own room soon.”
It was with that mindset that he had stumbled to class later that afternoon prepared to palpate cancerous masses and enlarged prostates as he completed his module on male reproductive health. Enter his patient, a nineteen year-old university student with red hair and spots who admitted that the university was paying volunteers £20 each to have their prostates examined by the medical students. John inwardly chuckled a bit as to how his tuition monies were being spent.
“I have a reason to now,” Sherlock said softly, squeezing John’s hand tightly and looking across the table at Rosie’s empty high chair.
John reached a hand up to see if his jaw was hanging open and whether he needed to manually re-close it. “I…I…,” he sputtered, at a complete loss for words. “Explain, please,” John choked out finally.
“Yes, John,” Sherlock broke into John’s thoughts before he could verbally reject the plan. “We agreed that I would pay half. That cheque lying under the skull on the mantle will cover the next years’ rent and the renovations. It’s a good plan.”
He winced ruefully as he felt the semen and lube sliding down his thighs and felt a passing moment of gratitude for his foresight in laying down the thick towels. John turned over and settled onto his back, quivering, feeling the last of the aftershocks of orgasm coursing through his body; he carefully avoided touching his nipples. He knew from past experience that a single feather-light touch could induce such strong sensations that it made him almost feel as if he were having a seizure.
John relaxed fractionally. A visit to Mycroft was usually a hostile proposition at best. The two brothers could never remain civil for long.
RD Enterprises was, in reality, Real Doll Incorporated, the maker of the most realistic sex dolls and paraphernalia in the world. The Real Cock II was a marvel of modern engineering, “featuring triple layering and Sil-Slide™ technology sliding outer skin as well as individual floating testicles,” according to the company’s website. Each piece was handmade, hand painted, and had to pass strict quality and safety assurances. They were the most realistic artificial penis’ ever created. Once warmed to body temperature and lubed, most blindfolded people couldn’t differentiate them from a real, erect penis by touch alone.
“It took me a lot of time in therapy and reading about co-dependence to understand that.” John felt a soft nuzzling at his knee and looked down to see Peppy’s soulful liquid brown eyes looking at him intently. John smiled and slipped the lemon biscuit to the dog. Prize acquired, Peppy laid down on John’s shoe to eat.
our very first case together, Watson... In a society where a grown man jumps up and down and across a sofa on national television like a demented pogo stick decrying his
“That’s what he wants you to think, what he’s always wanted you to think. It’s not true, and I can prove it.”
John sighed again, picked up a lemon digestive and tossed it back onto the tea tray where the edge cracked off. John looked as forlorn as the broken cookie when he met Sherlock’s eyes.
“Jesus,” John muttered as he swayed on his feet, having stood a bit too fast. He began searching for his trousers almost immediately.
John shrugged. “In future after a traumatic event, it would probably be better if you asked before you left, but I’m a bit glad you left today. I needed to cry for Harry, and I’m not sure I could have done that with you here. I know I did it before, but I was morbidly embarrassed about it afterwards. I’ve still got a few hang ups, one of them being that a man doesn’t cry—especially not in front of another man. Sorry,” John muttered.
“Good to know,” John said as he pushed himself away from the table. “My shift at the clinic doesn’t start ‘til one. I’m gonna’ try to get a few hours of sleep before then. You coming?” John asked, barely suppressing another yawn.
Later that evening long, pale, manicured fingers clicked open John Watson’s minimized google chrome icon. Mycroft Holmes settled himself heavily into John Watson’s desk chair as a sapphire wedding ring twinkled madly from the display, and he silently shook his head on a sigh.
, if you like. Anyway, it’s a total reset. It doesn’t last as long as the heroin, but it is intense, and it does what I need for it to do. Generally, I arrange to spend several hours at the brothel and reset three or four times.”
Although an aroused Sherlock was incapable of articulating his thoughts and mental processes, he was, to some extent, still able to mentally process incoming information and apply limited deductive reasoning. It took the detective less than fifteen seconds to locate John’s prostate. Seven seconds after that, he had set up a rhythm whereby said prostate had become the focus of every inward thrust.
He collapsed on the sofa, tugged the old afghan off the back and allowed himself a good cry, one that he hadn’t permitted himself at the funeral home. He cried for his sister, for the lost potential, for the sweet, mischievous girl he had known, for the talented and tortured artist she became, and for everything in between. He cried for the relationship that he had wanted but never had with her; he cried for the pain she had suffered when she came out; he cried for the damage she had done to herself and others, the lost opportunities she had squandered, and when he was cried out, he finally drifted into an exhausted, restful sleep. He wasn’t sure how long he had been asleep when he heard Sherlock enter the flat and close the door softly. It was dark; he knew that much immediately, so it must have been at least four hours.
“What?” John mumbled as he tried to put his socks on standing up and ended up hopping awkwardly and tumbling back onto the bed, sock half on and half off. “Fuck,” he muttered as he espied the wrinkled swatch of paper. “Don’t open that,” he said, a note of cajoling desperation creeping into his words.
“I assume we are holding this meeting in my office because you have a plan to catch this madman that involves my assistance?” Mycroft said coolly.
John sighed and shivered in the cold morning air. He couldn’t see his breath, but he suspected it was a very near thing.
“Think about the alternative for a minute…a multitude of victims who don’t ever seek treatment at all because they’re too afraid to reveal the abuse.”
Sherlock paused for a long minute. “As to the why... First off, she is your sister and despite your protestations to the contrary, what happens to her matters to you…very much so. Moreover, I know what it means to be an addict, to be at the mercy of a soul deep pain that is so profound that I would do anything to make it stop, even risk death. It’s different for each of us, and I have no idea what motivates your sister, what…”
“She’s in recovery now, and the prognosis is very good. We removed all of the gangrenous tissue. She’s on high doses of antibiotics and painkillers, and it’s unlikely that she’ll wake before morning. You should go home now. I hear from Mycroft that you’ve a little one at home.” The older woman smiled. “Go home and take care of her, Dr. Watson.” She removed the cover from her hair and turned tiredly for the elevator. She paused for a moment before turning back to the assembled trio. “Harriet’s full toxicological results came in early this morning. At the time she assaulted Ms. Burton, she was quite intoxicated, as you know. Her results also indicate recent heroin use. The medical staff have confirmed the presence of track marks between her toes. I’m so sorry,” she added softly.
“There are also the related charges, violation of the restraining order, breaking and entering, property damage… with her criminal history as a serial offender, they will throw the book at her, so to speak. By the time she gets out of prison, she’ll be an old woman, John. Her life will be over.”
Contrary to popular belief, Sherlock was quite in touch with modern terminology—his homeless network made certain of it; he knew what a CB was. And he was about to become the biggest cock block John Watson had ever had the misfortune to encounter.
“No, my old room faced the alley on one side. I got used to wearing a sleep mask to block out the street light,” John said as he held up the mask. “I’ll be fine.”
John chewed his lips thoughtfully. “Yeah, but Sherlock, three of the victims had their faces cut off. He may have been interrupted before he could do it to the second victim, but he had plenty of time to finish the job on this one,” John pointed to the pictures of the fifth victim. “Serial killers just don’t change their MOs. Even I know that.”
Sherlock considered the problem. He could sit back and let John start dating again. But, given the calibre of woman John usually selected that meant there would be a parade of half-witted, selfish, clingy, manipulative idiots that Sherlock would be forced to endure. He shuddered at the very thought. They would disrupt his life and The Work, and that simply mustn’t be allowed to happen.
What he saw scared the living hell out of him—tiny needle marks. When confronted, she had broken down and admitted to the sabotage but insisted that it was for his own good. He had seen white, then red, then a few other nameless colors most humans never see because they are quite firmly somewhere deep in the infrared spectrum.
“I wasn’t in my right mind!” John replied hotly, failing to modulate his voice as he jumped up to face Mycroft.
He looked around wildly for something to cover himself, but the bed clothes were all on the floor at the foot of the bed, and his dressing gown was across the room on the rocking chair.
Mycroft smiled slowly, the smile of a shark about to devour its prey, prey that has not yet realized that it’s in mortal peril. “Really?” Mycroft asked with a smug lilt in his voice. “Or is it that you became so used to saying that after your sister Harriet came out to your parents that you came to believe it yourself?”
At that moment he realized that Sherlock was still holding his left hand and that his thumb was caressing the base of John’s ring finger at exactly the position where a wedding ring would sit.
“A few places actually,” Sherlock said as he quickly started a fire. John realized the other man was shivering and that he must have dashed out so quickly that he’d left his coat behind.
John didn’t know much about Anthea; she was, for the most part, extremely uncommunicative, surgically attached to her Blackberry, and absolutely impervious to John’s best pick-up lines. He had, however, seen her more than competently handle a semi-automatic assault rifle and enter a burning warehouse during a firefight in the midst of a hostage rescue situation,… after Sherlock had tracked down the radical terrorist cell responsible for kidnapping the PM’s six year-old nephew. That was all he needed to know. He wasn’t certain whether she was MI6 or some sort of covert black ops that didn’t exist on paper, but she certainly had the skill set necessary to keep the world’s only consulting fucktard genius detective alive.
John looked down, flushed a deep red and said nothing; words lying choked and mute in his throat. Again he had apologized when he had calmed down, and Sherlock had forgiven him, but that didn’t negate the hot shame that consumed him whenever he was reminded of his complete loss of control. John swallowed hard past the lump in his throat.
The problem, as Sherlock saw it, was that John was about to start dating again. Although he had not yet posted it, the rough draft of an online dating profile had been contained in John’s last blog. He was lonely, obviously. How John could be lonely when the man had Sherlock, Rosie, and The Work, Sherlock couldn’t quite fathom, but it must be so else John would not have written of his “aching loneliness” in his last blog entry. To be on the safe side, Sherlock decided to take the words at face value rather than assume the blogger was devolving to dramatic license as he was prone to do in his public posts.
Rosie awoke with a shriek, and John began to rock the pram none too gently as he drew breath for another go around with Mycroft Holmes. Before he could, Mycroft raised his hand and two agents dressed in jeans and jumpers appeared as if by magic from the cover of the nearby trees. Had John not known what they were, he would have simply assumed them to be what they appeared to be: a young couple out for a romantic afternoon. Mycroft gestured toward Rosie, and the female agent scooped her up and began rocking and shushing her expertly.
If he could trust the man with his child, he could most certainly trust the man with his deepest secret, with his body. Unfortunately, it was a body Sherlock had no interest in whatsoever.
“I can only access the funds in this account…, make a withdrawal,” Sherlock clarified, “with Mycroft’s consent. I can manipulate, invest, or otherwise transfer them about, but I cannot withdraw them. It’s a safety feature I implemented after you moved back in on the assumption that if I lacked access to large sums of cash, it would help to prevent me from using again,” Sherlock explained. “Anything I earn per month over a set minimum amount for rent, groceries and miscellaneous expenses is immediately deposited so that I no longer have access to it, which is why I didn’t cash that cheque I tried to give you for Rosie’s care. Had I cashed it, I would have had to honor my sworn agreement with Mycroft and deposit it.”
“Get the lube. You’ll need to use a lot.” He looked nervously at Sherlock’s very large, very eager cock. “I’m gonna turn over onto my knees and forearms. I’ll let you know what to do. You have to promise me that you’ll follow my instructions to the letter.”
John had lasted a little over a week. With no girlfriend, and with Rita’s betrayal still stinging like an icy knife in the gut…
“I can call in a favor from Mycroft,” Sherlock began hesitantly, “perhaps get your sister into rehab in lieu of a harsh prison sentence.”
“Let me see if I have this right. You were going to a brothel to hire a prostitute in order to re-set your brain?”
His entire body was flushed with pleasure, legs spread wide, knees bent, feet flat on the bed as his abdominal and thigh muscles flexed, pushing against the delicious cock that was piercing him to his core…and it was about to get so much better.
The black stitches crisscrossing her pale features made her look like Frankenstein’s monster. Part of her head had been shaved so the surgeons could stitch two of the deeper cuts that went past her hairline and into her scalp. Her right arm from just below the elbow down was heavily bandaged and had required extensive surgery to repair severed tendons and the lacerated arteries.
But, John had to be realistic…no pun intended. There was only so much he could hide from Sherlock. As it was, he hid his toys under a small, false compartment in his gun safe, which opened to John’s fingerprint only. It had been a logical purchase after their flat had been broken into multiple times, and Mrs. Hudson had insisted after a bored Sherlock had gotten hold of John’s gun and shot a second emoji into the lounge wall one hot Friday afternoon last July. The safe could comfortably hold his gun and a maximum of 3 average sized toys.
John didn’t bother to turn his head, watching the lights of the shopping district twinkling merrily as the car sped by on its tour of London proper.
John swallowed hard, uncertain just how much, but knowing with unmitigated certainty that that admission had cost Sherlock dearly.
“Why, John, I’d think you’d be a bit more enthused.” She eyed him shrewdly, a knowing smirk gracing the rose blush of her lipstick tinted smile. “After all, with the way you talk about Sherlock, it’s only a matter of time, isn’t it?” She quirked an eyebrow at him archly before beginning the short walk back to the clinic, pretending not to see John’s mouth hanging open agape at her.
“I’m sorry,” John whispered, “so, so sorry.” He looked helplessly at Lestrade standing just inside the doorway, and the convulsive force of the sobs seemed to double.
Sherlock then pulled a chain of six condoms out of the breast pocket of his suit coat, the packaging crinkling slightly as he shifted them.
Four days passed in the construction zone now known as 221B Baker Street, and everyone noticed that John was becoming increasingly cranky.
John took a deep breath and swirled the tea in his cup, watching it lap along the edges. “Harry blew hers in less than two months. I’ve no idea where it went. She contacted me then asking for more. I refused. I knew what she’d do with it, you see. Then it was her landlord contacting me threatening to evict her. I paid her rent. And then she started getting into pub fights and other trouble. She needed money for a solicitor, money for rehab to keep from going to prison… And, God help me, idiot that I am, I paid and paid and paid until it was gone. All of the money my parents left me, all of the money I had managed to save while I was in the military, all of it gone to pay for Harry’s dangerous and idiotic life choices. I had had a plan, you see. Twenty years. I was going to spend twenty years in the military and then retire to a small village in Scotland, maybe, and open my own practice, help people who otherwise wouldn’t have immediate access to medical care. Sort of like what you planned, actually, but without the bees.” John smiled nostalgically, and Sherlock smiled too, reaching across the table to grasp John’s hand tightly.
“Uhmmm…yeah….alright. So, if we were to engage in a sexual relationship, what would you want to do?”
“Yes,” Sherlock blurted at last, when he realized belatedly that John couldn’t see him nod his head.
“You know nothing!” Mycroft hissed coldly. “I read your blog, Dr. Watson. It’s a way to surreptitiously keep tabs, to some extent, on the antics of my brother. I know you believe that he was on some “grand adventure” during the years he was dismantling Moriarty’s criminal empire. Your words, not mine, doctor. What you do not know was that when he jumped off of that building, you, Mrs. Hudson and DI Lestrade had the neon red of a laser sight burning into the backs of your heads. He jumped to save your lives. Had any of you acted suspiciously, said or done anything to indicate that Sherlock was not dead, you would have been killed instantly. Despite that, Sherlock tried to tell you that it was a hoax, “a magic trick” I believe he called it. He gave you the clues, inasmuch as he could on a wireless line, hoping that with time and perspective you would deduce the truth when it would be safer for you to do so. You simply failed to make the correct deductions.”
John applied a generous amount of lube before tossing it back on the heating pad to keep warm. Slowly he began working the head in, feeling the stretch and burn as the thick cock opened him a little more; this was, by far, the best experience with a dildo he had ever enjoyed. The Real Cock II A was certainly living up to its reputation and worth every pound he’d paid for it, John decided.
“Please stay,” Clara answered quickly. “I heard what you said downstairs to your landlady, and I think you should hear this too.” She chewed her lip for a moment and then began fumbling in her battered handbag. Within a moment she had drawn out a crumpled sheaf of photographs and papers and offered them to John with a shaking hand.
John, too, had set up a rhythm of sorts. He had grabbed a pillow, pressed his face into it, and was alternately moaning and screaming into the goosedown, very certain that no amount of
He had the answer now to his idle musings—to be utterly stuffed, filled and fucked felt absolutely fucking brilliant—the fullness lending a facet to the experience John had never considered. It was a deeper pleasure, more fulfilling, more intense, more all-encompassing than anything he had ever felt before. It was absolutely awe-inspiring amazing! There were no words.
John bit his lips nervously, his heart racing like it was literally going to break his ribs and beat itself out of his chest. What an inopportune time for things to fall out of his pocket; John was fairly certain at this point that the universe had it in for him. He debated briefly going back to bed, covering up his head and issuing a tacit “Fuck You” to said universe.
“Why are you really here, Mycroft?” John asked tiredly. He’d had little sleep, he and Rosie were about to become homeless—because well, home was wherever Sherlock was regardless of where they found another flat, and he was emotionally wrung out; the idea of a sexual relationship with Sherlock was still spinning around in the back of his mind like a tiny hamster on a wheel. He was almost literally at the end of his rope.
“Yes,” Sherlock said baldly, a statement of cold fact. “That is precisely how I thought of it when I first asked you about becoming flatmates. I had been reading various scientific papers where the researchers claimed that having a partner or team with whom they could discuss ideas, bounce theories around, led them to remarkable leaps of logic that allowed them to make much more rapid progress. I decided to test this theory to see if I could duplicate the results. I then devised an experiment, which was somewhat flawed in that I was both a researcher and a participant, but I made every attempt not to influence my own results.”
John gasped quietly and felt his eyes widen to the size of dinner plates. A part of him had been secretly hoping that Sherlock had either forgotten or was willingly allowing John’s former admission to slide into the ether unaddressed—letting it die a quiet and natural death—yeah right, because that sounded so much like Sherlock. But, he certainly hadn’t expected to be handed the thing he most wanted, especially after coming to the earlier realization that the universe was out to get him.
Sherlock scrolled through several frames. “Here. With his second victim, 1981. I think he didn’t grip his razor blade tightly enough, and it slipped. There is mention in the report of blood that doesn’t match the victim’s. I suspect he switched to a scalpel thereafter. And here with the third victim, also 1981. There were a few skin cells found under the victim’s nails that weren’t her own.”
John looked at Sherlock quickly before he slid out of the chair to kneel by Clara’s chair. “I’m so sorry,” he murmured as he caught her as she pitched forward to sob on his neck.
It wasn’t until “Mr. Smith” shouted “Oh God, I think I’m gonna come!” and proceeded to do just that, that John found himself in the unusual position of having his left index finger up his patient’s arse while simultaneously grabbing him around the waist with his right arm to keep the man from falling sideways. John managed to lower him to the floor and gently remove his finger all while the young man continued to orgasm.
“Do they?” Mycroft asked softly. “Does Sherlock?” he asked more to the point. “Did you ever tell him what the term “in love” means to you? Did you ever ask him what it means to him? Because John, the man who called me tonight ready to turn London upside down for you most definitely loves you.”
A few days later, John awakened bleary and disoriented. He pushed the corner of his sleep mask up and glanced at the clock on the nightstand. The glowing numbers revealed that it was just shy of half past three. John heard a slight rustle near the closet and was just able to make out the dim figure of Sherlock dressing silently in the corner. The dark figure bent over, picked up his shoes, and exited quietly, closing the door with a soft snick behind him.
“I’m not inebriated, if that’s what you’re thinking … just … relaxed,” Sherlock said as he settled back against the cushions and closed his eyes.
“Stop! I know you wanna thrust hard—Don’t. Just like removing the dildo,” John said softly, “except in reverse; push a tiny bit more in than you pull back. And for God’s sake, keep drizzling lube on your cock as you go.”
“Yes,” Sherlock stated simply. “This man is a criminal genius. He has never been caught, and he never will be unless we set the right trap.”
Sherlock chuckled. “I wouldn’t even attempt this with anyone else, but you are interesting, at the very least. I think this could work,” Sherlock murmured with a faint touch of surprise in his voice, as if the thought had only just occurred to him.
Mycroft sighed. “One last time. One last time,” he repeated, “I’m going to interfere in yours and Sherlock’s relationship.” Mycroft settled back into the warm, overstuffed leather of the seat and looked blankly at the black dividing glass ahead of him. “John, have you ever studied Differential Equations or Matter and Energy States or any sort of Theoretical Astrophysics?”
“I know that this is none of my business, and if it’s too personal…,” he began, trailing off on a long breath. “Where is your rock bottom?”
Sherlock was awkward, clumsy—clacking teeth and too much tongue, but as John coaxed him -- nibbling and sucking his lips and tongue, Sherlock was soon giving as good as he got, devouring John’s mouth with a hot, moist determination to consume, to burn, to lay claim.
Speak of the devil. Sherlock strode in just as John speared his third sausage. John smiled; why walk when one could make a dramatic entrance whether it be in a Belstaff, a fluttering sheet or an untied royal blue dressing gown worn over black trousers and a forest green dress shirt?
“Oh, look at that one,” she gushed, pointing to an engagement ring, one with a small diamond bezel set into a moderately thick platinum band. Because of her profession, and the need to frequently wear latex gloves, she had resigned herself to a simple style of ring with no raised stones to catch, but that didn’t curb her enthusiasm one bit.
Agatha worked in the surgical intensive care ward. He looked over at Sherlock, whose still glittering, curious eyes met his own. If Sherlock was here…
Five days after that, Eric, the handyman, finished the upstairs bedrooms. They were spectacular. He had used spray foam insulation and triple pane glass to cut down on the drafts. Rosie would be snug. He had put a window seat in the window alcove with a storage bench for blankets and toys. Neither of the rooms were terribly large, but they would each hold up to a double bed, a chest, a desk and a nightstand if it were small. John was pleased and immediately began moving Rosie’s things into her room. It was a blessed relief to get her toys and miscellaneous baby paraphernalia out of the sitting room and organized in her closet and along the built in shelves.
Sherlock waved a hand negligently. “She’s no trouble,” he said with a soft smile before returning to the photos.
John awoke Friday morning and decided to indulge in a bit of a lie in. His paperwork was caught up. This was his last day at the clinic, and he wasn’t scheduled to see a patient until 1pm. He rolled over and pulled up the corner of the sleep mask. As he expected, Sherlock was already gone. At some point, Sherlock had used the two pillows in the center to help prop himself up, as there was a small mountain of pillows scattered across the top side of Sherlock’s half of the bed.
“I was already a patient, so I bypassed the visitor’s desk. I simply rolled my wheelchair down to Harry’s room once she was transferred from the surgical ICU to a private room. John told me which room was assigned to her, and I went to see her. I…,” she said with a slight stammer. “I just wanted to see that she was alright. She looked terrible, but she acted like she was glad to see me. She told me about the heroin and said she was sorry and about how Mr. Holmes was trying to get her a deal for minimal prison time and rehabilitation.”
“An orgasm or three?” Sherlock finished still somewhat amused at John’s timidity. “No. Maybe in a day or two. Do you need something?”
When John had shrugged and shook his head, Mycroft continued. “It was because Sherlock sent me. He called me…not texted me —called me. He was as close to hysterical as I’ve ever heard him. You left with no coat, no keys, no phone, no wallet, no money and the temperatures dropping to well below zero tonight. When you didn’t come back inside after a few minutes and Sherlock had called everyone in your phone directory, he called me and demanded I use my resources to locate you. He offered me anything I wanted just to find you and make sure you were safe.
John took a deep breath as he struggled to assimilate this new information about his best friend and flat mate.
“I think it’s brilliant, Sherlock. Not sure where I’ll come up with a hundred thousand pounds sterling, but otherwise…looks great,” John said facetiously.
Mycroft smiled that smile, the one reminiscent of a shark sensing blood in the water. “And occasionally, for diplomacy’s sake, the British Government must bow to the wishes of, oh say … the Romanian Government.”
“I don’t think this is the best time, dear…” Martha Hudson seemed to trail off as Sherlock nodded decisively.
“Nothing better to do than watch the CCTV cameras on Christmas morning, Mycroft?” John asked bitterly, drawing the warm blanket tighter around his shoulders nevertheless, unwilling to look a gift horse in the mouth.
Sherlock was dressed in his oldest pair of baggy flannel pajama bottoms and a ratty gray t-shirt. The pajamas were suspiciously not baggy around Sherlock’s groin. In fact they were quite snug and getting the tiniest bit damp.
“Fine,” John muttered as he succeeded in snagging his jeans with his left foot and dragging them toward the bed. “But you’re still gonna clean up the spare room you call a lab so they have somewhere decent to sleep tonight.”
“Excellent. So, why would our killer tie this knot, which takes more time, more effort, and means he has to carry around a significant amount of rope?”
“Talk what out, exactly, Mycroft?” John challenged sharply, turning from the window for the first time to face the other man. “Sherlock meant what he said; even a blind man could have seen it. I won’t be some pity fuck for Sherlock to use and discard. I know how you Holmes boys talk about love and sentiment, like it’s dog shite you’ve scraped off the bottoms of your shoes, but I deserve better than this. At the very least I deserve someone who loves me back,” John said hotly, for the first time a barely contained fury in his voice.
Sherlock studied him closely before answering. “I thought you knew. I have a vocabulary that’s more extensive than the average university doctoral graduate, and yet I don’t know that I have the words. John, I would kill for you.”
“Be there in five,” John said crisply and hung up the phone heading for the bank of elevators at the end of the hall. The underground offices and clinic were commonly referred to as being located in the dungeon; only one bank of secured elevators made them accessible to the upper floors, and there were two sets of stairs that were to be used only in the event of an emergency. John swiped his ID badge and punched in the button for the fifth floor.
Clara chewed her lip while gazing at her hands twisted in her lap. “I didn’t want to use my own medical card, so a friend let me use hers. I went to a clinic where they’re always overworked and don’t check very thoroughly … when I went for medical treatment, that is. Most of the time, I just hid it until it healed.”
“Do you remember Sherrinford? Think about it. Despite the fact that Mycroft had been visiting Eurus for years, knows her better than any other human being alive, it was you who solved all of her puzzles—every single one of them without one ounce of input from Mycroft. And at the end, it was you who figured out that the plane of doomed passengers didn’t exist. It was you who figured out the puzzle of the gravestone dates and Eurus’ riddle from almost 25 years ago. Mycroft had the same information you had when your best friend disappeared all those years ago. He had no emotional connection to Victor Trevor, he’s a genius, and he’s seven years older than you—and despite his supposed advantage of not caring, he didn’t figure it out—never figured it out. You did. When time was running out for me, my death an almost virtual certainty, you figured it out…my best friend—the person who cares about me more than anyone else. So, forgive me if I fail to bow at the feet of the almighty logical, emotionless Mycroft. From where I’m sitting…and currently breathing…caring is the greatest advantage of all. It makes human beings try harder…do better…. be better,” John finished on an emphatic soft huff, completely emotionally drained.
John sighed and looked at his cold toast. The only thing keeping him from throwing a screaming fit right now was the fact that Rosie was playing on a blanket in the lounge. John sighed again…and there was also the fact that Sherlock was almost always right.
John had apologized to Sherlock after that incident, but as guilt began to gnaw afresh at his innards, he wondered if perhaps he didn’t owe Sherlock a heartfelt ‘thank you’ as well.
The lamp on Sherlock’s nightstand flared into brilliant, blinding light as Sherlock lunged across John to grab for the phone.
John nodded dumbly, not trusting his voice but using his current position to exert enough leverage against Sherlock’s seated body to shove the other man back against the bed, straddle him and kiss him breathless. It was another half hour before the two managed to slouch guiltily into the kitchen only to find that Nora was already elbow deep in stuffing the turkey.
“Go to bed, John. Go to my bed. If you’re amenable we will continue the same sleeping arrangement as last night until the rooms upstairs are complete. You of all people know my sleeping habits, that I barely use that bed as it is. Most nights you’re likely to be the only one in it anyway,” Sherlock said distractedly as he began to jot down notes as he was reviewing 2009.
Ordinarily, he’d run his deductions by John, but since John was the current focus of his deductions, Mycroft would have to do. If Mycroft concurred that his reasoning was sound, and Sherlock was completely certain it was, he would need to begin seducing John Watson right away.
He sighed as he sank down on the sofa and watched Sherlock awkwardly prepare tea. John snorted softly, unsure if he was irritated or amused. After the events of the last few hours, the image of a roaring fire and Sherlock preparing tea was almost surreal in its banal domesticity.
That night at the Red Lion, there was much toasting of John’s new position set to start on Monday. The clinic on the second floor of the government center was common knowledge, and so he let them believe he would be working in that clinic. He had received instructions from Anthea regarding the classified nature of the trauma clinic; he wasn’t certain at what level it was classified, but he knew he wasn’t supposed to discuss it.
Not to mention, he had been spurred on by the actions of his recently ex…very ex…girlfriend. Rita Hinton had known from the outset that John planned to join the military, and that if they did become serious, she would have to wait for his enlistment to end.
John’s eyes flashed fire, and as he opened his mouth to defend his himself, Mycroft held up his hand saying, “Please allow me to finish. Then you may say whatever you like. I will explain myself, but know this first; if you strike my brother again, there will be consequences, serious consequences, and believe me when I tell you that they will be most unpleasant.”
Sherlock flopped back onto the couch, dramatically throwing his hands up to rub at his eyes and then run his hands roughly through his curls until they were standing out like he had stuck a hair pin into an electric socket. “I know. I’m missing something. There’s always one thing,” he muttered.
Sherlock shrugged. “I am somewhat conversant with modern slang expressions. That one seemed apropos to shake you out of your maudlin dive into pointless self-recriminations. I did not expect that reaction, however.”
“John,” Sherlock called frantically, as he rushed down the steps and hustled John, still clutching Mycroft’s plaid, micro plush blanket around his shoulders, up the stairs and into the flat proper.
“I probably shouldn’t be calling you. Your name was crossed out as her emergency contact, but there was no one else listed…,” she trailed off briefly. “Harriet Watson is in the surgical ICU. I probably shouldn’t be telling you this, John, but she may not make it. From the information we have, she was brought in with a blood alcohol level of .19, shocky and tachycardic. I’ve no idea what her BAC was earlier tonight. It appears she passed out at the flat of a Clara Burton after severely assaulting Ms. Burton. When she passed out, she went nearly face first into a glass coffee table, which shattered on impact. The lacerations were extensive, and she nearly bled out before Ms. Burton was able to call 999 and apply a tourniquet. Ms. Watson did manage to partially raise her right arm prior to impact, and that’s probably what saved her life. The glass severed her ulnar and radial arteries as opposed to the jugular or carotid had she not raised her hand enough to shield her face and neck.”
“I’m here to offer you a job, Dr. Watson.” John’s eyes flashed fire and Mycroft hastened to add, “This is not charity, doctor. Before your pride runs away with you, I would advise you to listen.”
“Well, you said several things actually. First you said that a serial killer doesn’t change his MO when we were discussing why some of the faces had been cut off and others left wholly intact. That led me to conclude that removing the face was not part of the killer’s MO. After discarding that red herring, I focused on the evidence that remained that was consistent, the torture knot always tied eight degrees counterclockwise to the victim’s center of mass, the cuts and the puncture wounds.”
Sherlock pressed his lips into a pouty line, but John was unmoved, and at last Sherlock gusted a long, put upon sigh and muttered “fine,” but he made no move to get out of bed, just stared at John. “Roast beef or turkey this year?” he asked as he finally broke eye contact and pushed himself out of bed, locating his now wrinkled gray trousers and hastily pulling them on.
“It’s called an etoile band,” she informed John, eyes never leaving the twinkling display. “I’ve dropped hints. I’m hoping for a Tiffany etoile band if Connor wants to go with a silver coloured metal or a Cartier ellipse ring if he chooses gold. I like both, so it really doesn’t matter which he chooses.”
“I…it’s…uhmmm…it was…I thought maybe…for Christmas…if last night had gone according to plan…I was….”
Sherlock, who frequently displayed the emotional maturity of a bored two-year-old with severe ADHD, had pitched a tantrum of epic proportions when John’s work schedule proved not quite flexible enough to permit John to go haring off to Bangkok at less than a moment’s notice. John had merely shrugged and wished Sherlock a safe trip.
John was vaguely grateful that Sherlock clearly had little or no experience with men; his failure to adhere to the basic etiquette of the reach around pretty much guaranteed it. Any touch to his cock right now would undoubtedly induce a stroke.
“That’s my current, working theory, yes. I’m trying to get a sample sent to Redwood Screening for a more in depth testing. I’d also like to get it analyzed by a mass spectrometer. Harry will need legal representation and the sooner the better to ensure that she receives a fair hearing; her attorney will have much more solid legal footing to get blood samples taken at the time of the incident analyzed further.”
Christmas went about the way John expected it would, with a few minor hiccups. Rosie enjoyed the wrapping paper far more than she enjoyed her gifts, and John kept having to pluck pieces of it out of her mouth as everyone cooed over her and took numerous pictures.
“Have you considered the ramifications of trying to help Harry? She won’t thank you. In fact, knowing my sister she’ll manipulate you until she bleeds you dry,” John said matter of factly.
Afterwards, John would blame the fact that he had been thinking completely with his arse, literally.
And then, who pulled who he was never quite certain, but one of them pulled the other into a hug, and John could do nothing but hang on tightly as the tears threatened to spill over in his joy.
Sherlock tuned his violin quickly and played several Christmas carols and a few of his original pieces to the great delight of all. The party lasted long into the evening, and everyone seemed to quite enjoy themselves. The evening ended with an invitation from Mycroft for everyone to enjoy New Year’s Eve at his home. John, sensing an impending snippy retort from Sherlock, swiftly kissed him on the pretense of standing under the mistletoe and then promptly accepted Mycroft’s gracious invitation. Sherlock raised a snide eyebrow but mercifully kept his thoughts to himself.
John sighed as he finally pushed himself up off the bed and stood to face Sherlock, reaching out to pluck the slightly mangled paper from Sherlock’s fingers. He began unfolding the paper, holding it tightly to his chest making absolutely certain that Sherlock could not see the side with the ink on it.
The following morning John both felt and looked as if he were something the cat had dragged in, consumed, and then sicked up on the dining room carpet. Sherlock, the bastard, looked not only well-rested and adorably sleep-tousled, but he was in a remarkably good mood as well, despite the fact that John had spilled tea down the front of Sherlock’s shirt as they maneuvered around one another in the rather tight confines of their kitchen.
John rubbed idly at his left hand, staring at the pale, almost invisible indentation left by his wedding band, unable to purge Amanda’s words from his mind. He had ceased wearing the simple gold band months ago, since he had begun sleeping with Sherlock actually, and the skin was nearly back to normal, back to its original unmarked state. He could just see the barest of outlines. In another month, it would be gone—a pristine palette on which to write a new chapter of his life if he wanted to.
John was moved almost beyond words. “Thank you,” he whispered at last. “To know how hard you’re trying to stay clean…”
He hitched his dressing gown a little more snugly around his rapidly chilling nude body. He should have dried off better after the shower, and he was regretting his urgency a bit now. The drafts in the flat in mid-December were nothing to be scoffed at. Nevertheless, he sat down on the edge of his bed and picked up his pen knife. With slightly shaking fingers, he carefully slid the knife under the seams of the brown wrapper and peeled it carefully from the box.
John blinked hard and then massaged his temples, pieces of a complex puzzle starting to fit together, and he wasn’t particularly pleased at how the pieces were slotting together.
Sherlock merely raised an eyebrow and pulled the laptop across the table. He re-opened it and typed briefly, the keys clacking out a thudding, definitive bite before he pushed the computer back across the table. A new window had been loaded, and John stared aghast at the lines of numbers running across the screen.
“Why wouldn’t I? This did turn out rather well,” Sherlock admitted, a questioning frown beginning to form.
As it was, she was already a tight fit in the Moses Basket even as petite as she was for her age. She was definitely going to be on the shorter side, like both John and Mary, barring a weird and unexpected growth spurt.
Despite the deep breaths, Sherlock was panting again; he jerked the t-shirt roughly over his head, leaving his curls in an even wilder disarray than usual. Fumbling with the drawstring on his pajamas, he finally succeeded in untying the simple bow and pushed impatiently at the garment. On any other day, they would have slid easily from Sherlock’s slim hips…not today. Today they were caught on the other man’s very solid erection.
“Oh God, not again. I’ve got to go. Jesus, I don’t know what he said to her, but my crime scene photographer is sobbing and blubbering and utterly useless. Get here as soon as you can,” a harried sounding Lestrade shouted before John heard the distinct click as the phone disconnected.
“Brother,” Mycroft greeted his sibling, releasing Nora’s hand to gesture his brother across the room to the alcove where the coffee was situated. “I came as soon as I heard. When I arrived, I agreed to sit with Mrs. Hastings until Dr. Watson returned.”
It was a testament to Sherlock’s level of concern that he’d even bothered to ask if something he was doing was annoying, John realized tiredly and silently vowed to apologize to Mrs. Hudson and endeavor to be less stroppy for the duration of the construction.
Mycroft pulled out a large thermos, and John could see the billow of steam and smell the rich chocolate as Mycroft poured the hot cocoa into a mug and pressed it into his chilled hands.
It was a shame that Mycroft’s upstairs office went mostly unused; it has a nice view, he thought to himself. The select group of employees who were in the know about the dungeons kept that information strictly confidential and maintained the polite fiction that Mycroft Holmes was a minor government functionary who traveled extensively for his job. No one, of course, was precisely sure what that job was.
“She can try,” Sherlock said on a soft laugh. “I assure you I am far better at manipulation than your sister ever aspired to be. Not only that, but to ‘bleed me dry’ as you phrased it, she would not only have to dupe me but Mycroft as well.”
“Exactly,” Sherlock concurred. “That’s what the drugs do for me. For a few hours, a few days, my mind is utterly quiet; it shuts down, cools off, and is ready to re-boot when the on switch is flipped. Do you understand?”
John shrugged, numb. “Yeah. I told him that I’m in love with him. I waited for like five minutes while he stared at me blankly; he finally said “Oh, I see….” And then he asked me if I wanted another glass of wine. I told him “no” and asked him if he was in love with me too…even just a little. He looked at me like I’d grown a second head and told me that “no” he wasn’t “in love with me and had no intentions ever of being in love with anybody,”” John said in a monotone voice devoid of emotion or inflection. “If you could, uhmmm… loan me a few quid and drop me at a hotel somewhere, I’d appreciate it. I don’t want to face Sherlock right now. I’ll start looking for another place to live after Boxing Day.”
“Oh my God,” John murmured as he headed for the stairs, Sherlock right behind him. “I’m on my way. If anything changes, please call me right away.” They said their goodbyes quickly as Sherlock locked the door behind them. John silently thanked whatever deities were listening that Sherlock could almost magically hail a taxi even at three in the bloody morning.
“The orgasms are far more intense with a partner, as opposed to masturbation, but that will work in a pinch. The euphoria coupled with the subsequent crash and several hours of sleep is the best possible substitute for drugs that I’ve found.”
“Since Stamford is the medical director at Bart’s, I went to see him next. He is now aware of the fact that not all visitors are signing in before visiting a patient. I’m not sure how much he can do to feasibly correct the situation, but visitor logs are now, for all intents and purposes, worthless as evidence,” Sherlock sneered slightly, and John knew that the other man was irritated at both the situation and himself for having relied on incomplete and misleading evidence.
John scrubbed the heels of his hands tiredly across his eyes. “Sherlock, I’m … I …I don’t think I can do this. I’m just curious. I just don’t see us as partners, not in that way.”
“I’ve had Lestrade pull all of the prior police reports regarding Harriet Watson. In each instance where your sister became physically violent, it was arguably a matter of self-defense: a bookie who was threatening her, a man in a bar—and from all accounts he instigated the fight when she turned down his advances, and a car repossession agent—who in her inebriated state appeared to be trying to steal her car.”
Clara had begun to breathe hard, and she scooted back into her chair, her hands clenching into tight fists. “I … I lost it. I couldn’t scream; my voice was still so ragged, so ravaged, after she choked me. I did my best to shout, and I think that may be what finally forced her to pay attention. I don’t remember exactly what I said, but I told her she didn’t deserve a deal, that if there was a God that she’d go to prison for the rest of her fucking life. I knew…” Clara gasped and swallowed, took a few deep, choppy breaths in an attempt to steady herself, “I knew it wasn’t the damned drugs. This had been coming for a while, escalating. She meant to kill me, and I told her I had pictures of what she’d done to me and my medical records. I told her that I was through with protecting her, and I was going to testify, and if it was in my power I’d make sure they strung her up at the court house,” Clara rambled to a choked halt and struggled visibly to compose herself.
“I guess I was wondering why things went so badly when I told you, if you knew it was coming, I mean.”
Sherlock let out an incoherent, soft “mmmmm” sound that sounded suspiciously like a whine. Sherlock was clearly unable to articulate any particulars at this moment.
“This does not mean you get to experiment on people, Sherlock—me in particular,” John stressed urgently, hopefully before Sherlock had formulated his first working hypothesis and devised a testing mechanism.
“I would give you virtually anything you asked for: my money, my honor—such that it is--my help…, and I would do that confidently and without a second thought because I know you would never take advantage of me. I would…I did…am trying…to give up all illegal drugs for you—you and Rosie,” Sherlock trailed off as he studied John. “I care for you John…more than my words can express. I desire you. I had envisioned spending my life with you. Tell me what you want, and if it’s in my power to give it, I swear you’ll have it.”
“What????” John demanded, his heart nearly stopping. Not Sherlock…please not Sherlock…please God, John prayed silently to a god he wasn’t certain he believed in anymore.
“Why don’t you go in and find out?” Mycroft asked silkily, and with that John found himself standing on the stoop at 221 Baker Street as he watched Mycroft’s long, black limousine disappear into the steadily falling snow.
John had had it. Exasperated, he pointed at the couch. “Sit, Sherlock. Sit down and tell me what you’re trying so bloody hard not to tell me.”
“I’ll stop in at Bart’s after work. The specialist will have had time to evaluate her; hopefully, there will be some progress at that point.” John pocketed his wallet, cell phone and keys, grabbed his jacket and headed out, opting for a taxi instead of the tube. He’d still be late, but it would only be by half an hour at most.
John sighed. He seemed to be doing that a lot lately. “I know you probably don’t understand this; it’s not logical or reasonable, but I have my pride, Sherlock, and I can’t just take a handout from you or anyone else.” John paused as he considered Sherlock’s nearly beseeching expression. “I’ll make you a deal. If I can get enough hours at the clinic to pay at least half of the expenses here at Baker Street, Rosie and I’ll stay. That includes the nanny too,” John stated, almost certain that Sarah would never give him the extra hours and that he would be moving out soon. He’d start looking at flats next week.
Damn but Sherlock was being literal. If John didn’t know just how literal Sherlock could be, he would accuse the other man of being deliberately obtuse.
“Maybe she’d be dead,” Sherlock interjected harshly. “Maybe she would be in prison for actual murder. Maybe she’d be married with the requisite 1.8 children. Maybe winged blue monkeys will fly out of my arse later,” Sherlock said in a rough voice, as he roughly shook John’s wrists again.
John snorted with laughter. Sherlock gave a bit of a harder thrust in retaliation. Both men froze as penetration finally occurred. Sherlock moaned and John felt the other man’s hands tighten reflexively on his hips.
John laughed. “Yeah, took me longer than it should have to figure that out, but I’ve known about it for months.”
Sherlock stared at John, mouth somewhat agape. At any other time, John would have preened a bit; he had actually managed to shock Sherlock Holmes into speechlessness, but now was not that time.
“Anything,” he gasped nearly breathless. “Everything.” John battled a moment of confusion and rejection as he felt Sherlock pull back. And then he felt like some sort of exotic butterfly pinned to a wax palette by Sherlock’s fathomless Caribbean blue-green eyes as the detective searched his face for something. John felt his face flush vermilion, but he held the other man’s eyes albeit awkwardly. In that moment, it dawned on him what he had offered. He could pretend to misunderstand that probing gaze, but what would be the point? He wanted it; Sherlock knew John better than John knew himself—Sherlock had to know what he wanted. They had been headed to this place since the first night they had been intimate.
At first John thought it was agreement, and he was already mentally well into seasoning and stuffing the turkey when it occurred to him that Sherlock hadn’t moved. Not agreement then.
Sherlock looked as haggard as John had ever seen him. Worry lines were etched deeply around his eyes and mouth; he was wearing heavy clothes that were literally covered with snow and melted snow, and his red, chapped hands trembled with cold or nerves, John couldn’t be sure which. John was no genius of deductive reasoning, but he was fairly certain that Sherlock had been out on foot searching the streets for him.
This is where this story starts earning its Explicit rating.  If you overlooked the E previously, you may want to stop reading now.
He was sure he’d left his phone on the sofa. He considered ignoring it, but it could be Lestrade, and he was in desperate need of a new case. It pinged again, allowing him to finally pinpoint its location under the edge of the lamp table.
“What would you have me do? Spank him for throwing a tantrum? He has every right, wouldn’t you say? I’m hardly the one to console him anyway. I caused this; I gave him hope that I could help his sister, that I could fix her life, get her clean and sober, get her counseling. He was right, you know; I am a presumptuous prick. And my arrogance is responsible….”
Mycroft smiled his dangerous shark smile. “Just looking out for the welfare of my little brother,” he said smugly.
John frowned, uncertain where this was going. “Make your point or let me out of the car,” he demanded.
John rubbed his face and wandered off to bed, barely getting his shoes off before he was fast asleep. True to his word, Sherlock never went to bed that night.
Sherlock sighed and set the laptop on the coffee table. “I am going back through Scotland Yard’s full database, year by year. I am convinced our killer did not just begin killing. I believe he has been at it for quite some time, changing a few significant details each time he killed to keep anyone from establishing that there was a pattern. I am looking for that pattern. So far, I’ve identified at least sixteen previous murders I believe we can attribute to our killer. They appear random and unrelated; there are both men and women included -- of varying ages, backgrounds, and ethnic groups. Except for the knots and the pattern of cuts, nothing else links them. I am, however, convinced that this was all the work of the same killer and that I have solved the case. I now need irrefutable data to back up my hypothesis,” Sherlock concluded as he again picked up his laptop.
The pieces began to slot into place. Sherlock needing to follow John’s lead regarding how to kiss, though he did catch on quickly as Sherlock was wont to do. He didn’t know how to delay an orgasm. Asking how much lube to use when any somewhat experienced man with a prick of that size would know to use most of the fucking bottle. Mycroft and The Woman hadn’t been taunting Sherlock; they’d been
And in the back of his brain was a tiny voice, no more than a whisper, that wondered what would happen if he accepted. There was no denying that a part of him was flattered. Flattered and just a little bit curious. Anyone who had ever met Sherlock was astounded by the man’s single-minded focus and intensity. What would it be like to have that focus directed wholly upon one John Watson, to be the sole recipient of Sherlock’s undivided attention and intent to please? John shivered at the thought, and he mentally shook himself, hard. He couldn’t allow these thoughts. Sherlock could read him like an open book, always could. If he had any hope of concealing these traitorous thoughts from the human bloodhound, he had to get control of them right the fuck now.
Sherlock chuckled. “He has our names on an automatic alert, along with immediate family members. He’s set it up so that the case gets flagged and sent to him immediately.”
“Yeah, okay, that’s fair. I don’t see much difference between telling someone you’re in love with them or that you just love them if it’s someone you have a sexual relationship with…same thing.”
Harriet Watson had made her choice, and, as an addict himself, Sherlock could understand her choice. He didn’t support it, but he couldn’t honestly say that if he were in her position that he would have made a different choice. He stood side by side with Mrs. Hudson just inside the slightly open doorway, both of them listening to John banging around the kitchen ostensibly making tea, wincing at each bang and loudly uttered curse emanating from the upstairs flat.
“The neurochemicals released during an orgasm are very similar to what happens when the brain is exposed to heroin. During an orgasm, the lateral orbitofrontal cortex — the brain region behind the left eye — shuts down during the orgasm and immediately thereafter. This region is considered to be the voice of reason, logic and controls behavior. I can cite the study for you in the
“You’re meeting with Mycroft at half three in the morning?” John asked, confused. What the hell was going on?
“When Sherlock did return, he had just been released from hospital where he had undergone extensive reconstructive surgery. It took the best reconstructive surgeons in the world to put Humpty Dumpty back together again. When I finally managed to extricate Sherlock from the assignment, he had undergone intensive torture in a Serbian prison. He was higher than a kite that evening at the restaurant on a combination of pain killers, anti-inflammatories, antibiotics and other medications with no thought other than that he had to get to you. He needed to end your suffering, your belief that he was dead. And how did you react? You struck him, repeatedly.”
“You’re right,” he conceded. “You had no way of knowing what it meant to me. Let’s turn in. I don’t know about you, but I’m beat.”
He chuckled aloud at his own musings, missing Sherlock and the ordered chaos he left in his wake. John was anxious to hear the details of how Sherlock had tracked down the mid-level government employee responsible for selling state secrets to the Chinese government. Espionage was outside the usual realm of their cases, and even if he couldn’t write about Sherlock’s exploits in his blog, he was still eager to share in the vicarious thrill of the game with his best friend and wonder in renewed awe at Sherlock’s sheer brilliance.
Please, if you enjoyed this story at all, leave a comment.  It doesn't even have to be much at all--just a word or two to let me know that something I wrote brightened your day a little.
John moistened his lips slowly as he prepared to ask a question that was absolutely none of his business, knowing that Sherlock would answer it honestly, and still not quite sure that he really wanted the answer. “If I recall correctly, a three on the Kinsey scale is completely bisexual, with no preference at all for one gender or the other, isn’t it?” John said in preface, hedging for a bit more time.
John goggled unbelieving at the bank balance of William Sherlock Scott Holmes, his jaw working but no sounds emerging. Sherlock was a millionaire many, many times over. John looked up at his friend…lover…and then back to the screen. And again. And again, feeling as if he were watching a strange tableau of a financial tennis match.
“Don’t be an idiot, Watson. I don’t expect you to pay me back, and I am fairly certain Harriet will never be in a position to do so. What you earn should go to Rosie.”
“Yes, Craig,” Sherlock said with a note of excitement in his voice. “Did you run the dark web scan?”
John nodded thoughtfully. He shouldn’t have been nearly this stunned. Sherlock never did anything by halves. “Jesus,” he murmured again. “I’m assuming these weren’t all mutual hand jobs in a back alley somewhere,” John murmured. When Sherlock said nothing, John fixed him with a hard stare.
Chapter Notes: The goldfish reference comes from the episode The Empty Hearse. Mycroft bemoans the fact that his superior intelligence makes him feel as if he is “living in a world of goldfish” when he must interact with people of a lesser intellect, which is pretty much everyone.
his wife, and so he tolerated affair after affair, her ridiculous spending habits, and her clingy, selfish behavior. Clara
“There is a specialized clinic five levels down in the heart of the government center. There is another clinic on the second floor; that’s the main clinic, and it services the office employees and their spouses and children: vaccinations, colds, the usual sort of thing. The underground clinic is another matter entirely. On occasion, MI5 and MI6 agents are injured and require treatment; sometimes that includes the services of a very good surgeon. And, on very rare occasions, we need to transport a surgeon directly to the agent. That can mean emergency surgery out in the middle of a field or an abandoned warehouse. Naturally, the type of treatment we are discussing means that the individual cannot seek treatment in a public facility or leave anything other than a classified paper trail,” Mycroft paused, making sure he had John’s undivided attention.
John shuddered as he came back to himself, trying to push his musings into the deeper recesses of his mind as he pushed the bed coverings down and onto the floor, body now overheated as the radiator filled the small room with an almost cloying warmth.
“I know,” Sherlock said deadpan, and John suspected that the other man was being literal instead of humorous.
John rolled Sherlock’s theory around in his mind. “You know as well as I do the fact that she took the heroin voluntarily mitigates any legal defense. And the track marks between her toes make a strong case for voluntary injection. If someone had dosed her without her knowledge and consent it would be different, but voluntary intoxication isn’t a defense to a crime.”
“Huh?” John asked. When Sherlock failed to respond, John tried again. “In English, Sherlock, for those of us who aren’t high functioning genius sociopaths.”
“Don’t mention it,” Sherlock murmured, and John had the distinct impression that the other man really meant it, literally. In Sherlock world the less said about emotions, the better.
“Sorry, Sherlock. Date tonight, and I am not going to cancel at the last minute on Caitlyn,” John said, determined, as he finally remembered her name. Captain Watson was digging his heels in. John had never had to work so hard for a date in his life as he had to this past week, and he had no intentions of fucking it up now.
She had wrapped her arms around him and petted his hair until his immediate grief had passed. He wasn’t certain if the stroking had diminished the grief or if it had been his realization that he could build another kite, a better, more aerodynamic model than the store bought one, that had finally assuaged his tears, but the memory was all he had to go on.
Releasing John’s wrists, Sherlock stood quickly and grabbed John around the waist before he reached the floor. Half dragging and half walking, he led the clearly unhinged doctor through to the lounge, pushing him down onto the sofa. Sherlock stared in frustrated confusion. This was not something he was accustomed to dealing with, and his usual method of leaving the scene would probably be detrimental to John’s welfare, he reasoned. Emotional witnesses were John’s bailiwick—or Lestrade’s, not his.
“I want to support Clara. She’s the real victim here, and I want to make sure she’s taken care of. Whatever resources or therapy you and Mycroft have access to, I want her to get them.”
“Sherlock,” John said as he remembered his manners, “this is Clara Burton, Harry’s ex-spouse. Clara, this is Sherlock Holmes, my … partner,” John gurgled helplessly a note of surprise in his voice, and he wondered that in all of these weeks he’d never thought to try to label what he and Sherlock were to each other now.
“My last stop was Lestrade. He did a shite job in obtaining Clara’s medical information. He needs to do much better in future.”
“You were Sherlock’s night nurse when he was shot,” John interjected, brain beginning to process on adrenaline.
A hat trick is a term used in ice hockey to refer to a player who scores three goals in the course of one game.
“Are you going to hit me now, Dr. Watson?” Mycroft inquired archly as he gestured toward John’s clenched fists. “If you elect to do so, I assure you I will fight back, unlike Sherlock,” Mycroft replied coolly.
Sherlock grunted an acknowledgement of sorts and kept thrusting as John’s world dissolved. He howled like a rabid animal as his reality went white, dissolving into tidal waves of pleasure that slammed into his helpless body again and again. The pleasure went on and on and on… John was vaguely aware of his body tightening, milking the massive cock buried balls deep in his arse.
“What’s that?” John asked curiously as visions of a gambling den floated in his mind. Bet Sherlock was amazing at poker or baccarat…
One very hot shower later, he shaved and dressed, heading downstairs following the scent of cinnamon and fresh coffee. For the umpteenth time in his life, he thanked whatever deities were listening that he had joined the army. If the military had taught him anything, it was to sleep like a rock whenever the opportunity presented itself and to eat whatever was available without complaint. Those abilities had served him well in his life, and he had no doubt they would continue to be a blessing especially in the weeks to come.
Sherlock eyed her speculatively, eyes flickering a calculating cadence as he took in all of the details, all of the details he should have seen…would have seen before had he insisted on interviewing her himself.
He had ended the relationship instantly and told her in no uncertain terms that if she ever came around claiming that he had fathered a child, she had best be prepared to see him in court and ready to take the child for paternity testing. He had never heard from her again.
John moaned again and pressed his damp face into the pillow, completely saturated now with salty sweat, hot breath and a small trickle of drool. He was over-sensitized, skin on fire, every nerve ending firing wildly and … stretched almost beyond his capacity to breathe.
Never let it be said that John ‘Three Continents’ Watson failed to read a sexual situation correctly, especially when it was to his own advantage.
Next, he would light a few candles in his bedroom, take a long, hot shower, spread out a few thick towels to protect the sheets and finally retire to his bed where he would indulge himself repeatedly until he could barely walk on Monday morning.
The next few hours John spent exactly as he had planned, retiring to his bedroom at precisely 10:30pm. Mrs. Hudson’s
“Geroff…” John mumbled softly, his lungs unable to take in enough oxygen to make it sound any louder than a hoarse whisper.
“Oh Jesus,” John muttered, as it finally sank in that his flatmate must have taken an earlier flight and was standing in the doorway at the perfect angle to see a very realistic silicone cock shoved balls deep, literally, into John’s arse.
John was awakened some hours later as Sherlock settled into a laying position next to him and grasped his hand, linking their fingers, his thumb rubbing idly across the backs of John’s knuckles.
“I do know,” came the even reply as Mycroft continued. “You were consumed with grief, John, but you were by no means subject to a break with reality. You could distinguish fantasy from reality; you knew right from wrong. You were angry; angry with Mary for making the choice she made, angry with Sherlock for breaking a vow that no man could ever uphold, though he did his best; and angry with yourself for failing to protect the ones you love, for being helpless. Regardless, you assaulted Sherlock viciously, savagely and without mercy until he lay broken and bleeding on the floor at your feet. You’re a doctor; you very well know that you could have seriously injured or killed Sherlock that day, especially given his pre-existing physical condition—a single kick could have meant a ruptured spleen, a lacerated liver, the list goes on, but I doubt I need to.”
“How do you know he’s never been caught? He may have done time for something else,” Donovan said tersely.
In retrospect, when enough time had passed that John Watson could look back on the events of that autumn and winter objectively, he was of the opinion that Lestrade was responsible for it all. Mycroft maintained that it was all Sherlock’s doing, and Mrs. Hudson insisted that it was all due to the alignment of the stars being in the House of Capricorn or some such utter shite. Whatever.
really, particularly for the duration required to woo and impregnate a human female, and…probably best
Sherlock began flipping through additional photos, but these were screen shots taken from a computer.
“Where’ve you been?” he rasped out, embarrassed to realize that his voice still sounded hoarse from his earlier cry. He cleared his throat trying to clear the pieces of broken glass out of his larynx.
“Irrelevant,” Sherlock said dismissively. “Only the consistent patterns matter. That’s when I began combing through the database. Over the last thirty-three years I have identified one hundred and sixty-seven matches consistent with our MO.” The projector began whirring like mad as picture after picture flashed on the screen. Gasps were heard around the room as familiar pictures of cut patterns, puncture wounds and knots flashed again and again and again.
It was almost ten o’clock on Christmas Eve, and John had persuaded the recalcitrant consulting detective to have a bit of a romantic evening in. Sherlock had given in with ill grace, a grimace of distaste and a sulking scowl on his face, but he was at least making a minimal attempt to get into the spirit of the holidays; his only other option had been to roust Lestrade from his bed and demand a case, which had, in fact, been Sherlock’s Plan A for the evening.
“Simply this, John. Did you ever bother to define your terms with Sherlock? Did you ever state your assumptions?”
Sherlock waved his hand dismissively, clearly uncomfortable. “Back to your sister. Do I have your approval for this plan of action?”
Sherlock was just sinking into his mind palace when he bolted suddenly upright. “Watson, you’re a genius,” he shouted to an empty room.
Sherlock was panting now, eyes still fixated on John’s arse as the other man slowly fucked himself senseless.
He sat heavily on the edge of the bed and scrubbed his hands across his eyes, feeling nothing so much as old, tired and empty.
Sherlock’s mobile pinged just as he was adding the reagent to some desiccated epithelial cells on his slide. He gusted a sigh, took one last, longing look at his microscope, and began to search for the blasted device. It wasn’t often that Nora was gone long enough for him to co-opt the kitchen for one of his experiments, but whenever she was, he liked to take full advantage of it.
Mycroft wisely chose not to reply to the snide jibe, and tucked his arm and shoulder under John’s. “Come with me, Dr. Watson,” he said firmly, tone brooking no argument as he pulled the smaller man to his feet. “We need to get you warm before frostbite sets in.”
Within two days, John had settled in so well it seemed to everyone he had been there forever. The first day there had been an agent in need of eighteen stitches and another with a through and through gunshot wound to the upper arm. John was very much in his element.
“John,” she stood up to face him and sighed, a soft, sad smile tugging at her mouth awkwardly. “I’ve been trying to work up the nerve to see you since it happened,” she said brokenly, clutching her oversized hobo bag to her chest; the purse had clearly seen better days.
Mycroft smiled a cold smile. “Did you know that time runs differently in space than it does on earth? That space time is affected by gravity such that time slows in direct proportion to gravity?”
“And how exactly do you propose to do that then? With what money? I know you can command exorbitant fees for your detective services, but with the costs of legal representation added in, this could run into multiple hundreds of thousands, Sherlock!” John insisted. “And even if you could raise that kind of money, I’ve no idea how I’d ever manage to pay you back.”
“I see,” Sherlock murmured. “From your expression, I take it he explained my deductions and enlightened you as to my plans.” John nodded tersely as Sherlock sprawled bonelessly on the couch, turning his head slightly to keep John’s visage in sight. “You disapprove, then? Mycroft suggested that you would. But I assure you that my deductions are completely logical, utterly beyond reproach.”
They finally compromised. When the room was finished they would paint it a neutral beige and use cling form alphabet letters and numbers shaped like blocks to decorate the room; they could easily be changed out as Rosie grew without the need to re-paint the room.
“To put Mycroft off his treadmill,” Sherlock muttered as he swung the Belstaff around his shoulders and dashed out the door.
“Tell them to sod off,” John retorted, striding out of the bedroom having changed out of his best suit and into jeans and a jumper. “Clara,” he stopped dead at the doorway into the living room, a note of soft surprise in his voice.
John lay awake a few more minutes, studying Sherlock’s moonlit profile and marveling in awe at how in love he was with this man and how close he had come to losing him.
An hour later John was heartily wishing he’d gone with Sherlock. Caitlyn was smart, funny, adventurous, interesting and quite attractive. She had climbed Kilimanjaro, hiked the Appalachian Trail and gone scuba diving in Aruba. Clearly she was just as much of an adrenaline junkie as John was. If he asked her, he’d be willing to bet that she’d love to accompany him to a crime scene. John just couldn’t seem to make himself care; there was a disconnect between them, and he couldn’t stop thinking about Sherlock. But he’d be damned if he let the other man rule his life. Sherlock already laid claim to so much of John’s time and attention. If he gave anymore, he was afraid they would end up as lovers by default, an unconscious slide into intimacy because it would be so easy to just let go, to give that final piece to Sherlock.
“Oh bloody hell, I am so fucked,” John murmured to himself as he shut off the light and trudged up the stairs to his room. There would be no sleep for him tonight. He knew he was going to be doing research all night on latent bisexuality and gay sex.
