John expected to wake up to the smells of a hospital; bleach, industrial cleaner and illness. He didn’t expect to wake to the smell of cigarettes and gun oil. The clawing smell of dirt and sweat. It reminded him of the desert, of Afghanistan. For a moment he was transported back to his tent at Sangin and the heat of the Helmand Province. It took him a moment to remember his life since Afghanistan wasn’t a dream and he wasn’t still in the army.
Sherlock sat naked on the bathroom floor. The syringe balance carefully between his fingers. The clear liquid slipping silently into his veins. Sherlock was using the vein in his ankle for this hit. Victor didn’t like it when he used his forearms.
As the heroin slipped easily into his veins, Sherlock’s eyelids fluttered and closed. He felt a warm embrace pull him deeper. He dreamed it was John’s embrace. His warm and inviting body pulling Sherlock closer. John’s breath whispered in his ear. John’s fingertips caressing his face. Sherlock dreamed.
Hinde went up to a group of older men standing together at the edge of the road. He spoke to them and one man waved his hand out towards the desert. Hindi nodded and rushed back over to John and the men.
“You will find your flat has had a little accident. A fire. Shame. Everything is a loss. No reason for you to go home. Everything you own is gone.”
“Of course. You explained everything clearly to me. You were brilliant. Absolutely brilliant. It was obvious that he was murdered.”
“I don’t know his name but I can give you his description. Eighteen to twenty years old. Tall, fair skinned. Elegant hands with long fingers. Well maintained.”
John thought back on how he felt when he was told his military career was over. If he hadn’t been laid up in a hospital bed, he might have done something desperate too. He might have let his demons out and done something that couldn’t be undone. He wondered if that was how Mycroft felt. If Mycroft believed his life was over if his career was.
“I’m sure the hospital is far more sanitary than whatever back alley you performed Sherlock’s previous surgery in.” Mycroft teased.
Sherlock was smiling. Sherlock rarely smiled. Mycroft couldn’t remember the last time Sherlock had smiled in his presence. But here, in this photograph, he was smiling because of John. John Watson had made his brother happy and then John left him. Left Sherlock to his addiction.
“Kidnap is an ugly word.” Magnussen smiled. Sherlock was taken aback on how much Magnussen’s face reminded him of a reptile.
“Okay.” John shifted to pull himself out of Sherlock’s embrace, but the dark-haired boy refused to let go.
The dark haired man’s head was tipped back over the edge of the tub. His eyes were closed and he was panting hard. John leaned forward and kissed Sherlock’s naked chest. Sherlock tipped his head back up and looked at John through hooded eyes. A broad relaxed smile across his flushed face.
There was a crack then Moran pulled the trigger on the nail gun. The sniper’s aim was off. The nail embedded in the floor less than an inch from Sherlock’s hand. Sherlock felt something warm and wet splash across his back. He twisted his head to look at his assailant. The sniper’s face appeared to have exploded outward. Moran’s blood had sprayed across his back.
Moran winced as he shrugged off his coat. Sherlock pulled on a pair of latex gloves and watched as Moran struggled to remove the cotton shirt. The fabric had adhered to the wound as the blood had dried. Sherlock grabbed the man’s shoulder and pulled him forward to look at the exit wound.
Mycroft’s hand flopped down on to the bedding. His fingers just brushing over the fabric of his umbrella.
Sherlock roamed the city at will. He moved in and out of the shadows. Sleeping where he could. Sometimes it would be a drug lair - sometimes a doorway. He was homeless and he was fine with that. Occasionally, he would wander into places where he was known. He spent a night curled up next to heat vents of St. Bart’s, where he used to tutor. One night he found himself sneaking into the locker rooms that John’s team used.
“She would want to bond. She’s the type who would want a family and security and . . . everything that goes with it.” John said as he pushed the half eaten pie away.
“I promise I won’t indulge either. You can reassure my brother I’m clean. We had a drug test today.” Sherlock looked away.
Sherlock went the address Raz had given him. It was a deteriorating row house with a broken gate and bare garden. The windows were broken and cardboard covered the smudged dirty glass. The door was standing open. No one was around. It looked more like a heroine den than anything else. The idea his omega could be inside a place like this twisted inside the tall alpha.
“James took him from me . . . after he shot me.” Moran said still holding the gun up but his hand was shaking.
He wasn’t sure where the dream came from, but he found it disturbing and difficult to forget. He sat up and looked at the clock. It was already eight o’clock. He was going too late to class if he didn’t hurry.
John and Mycroft sat in opposite chairs. A mug of tea in John’s hand, lifted halfway to his lips as Mycroft stared curiously at his naked brother.
“Shut up, you git. I kissed him. He proved someone was a murdered and it was announced on the telly. We were cheering and jumping around the flat and it happened. I grabbed him and kissed him.”
“I got the information I needed from Adler. There was no reason for me to remain in San Juan. Did you have a . . . an enjoyable evening?” Sherlock kept looking out the window.
He kicked his leg through the sodden clothing and slipped it on. John was still naked from the chest up. The muddy water of the river slid down the curves of his muscles and over his tan skin. James stood beside him and watched.
“Where is she? Take me to her.” John said as his rifle swung on its shoulder strap and rested at his hip.
“You’re joking? Have you looked at him? He’s not worked a hard day in his life. His hands are softer than a fish’s belly.”
John could see Sherlock’s eyes grow dark. The silvery blue rims around blown black pupils. He shivered as he watched the last of Sherlock’s reserves shatter and his wanton lust take hold.
The conversation quickly came back to John. He was having a very difficult time with the class and was falling behind badly. If he didn’t quickly pick up the information he was going to fail and then there would be another reason to worry about losing his scholarship.
Sherlock’s head rested on John’s shoulder, listening to the soft thump of the soldier’s heart. He could see the slow rise and fall of the alpha’s chest as John slept comfortably beside him. Sherlock realized he had curved his body around John’s; wrapping his arm over John’s waist and tangling their legs. The soft light of the early dawn only barely reaching into the room. Sherlock spread his palm over John’s abdomen. He could feel the smooth skin and relaxed muscles underneath. The gentle rise of John’s breathing pressed into Sherlock’s hand. The confirmation of John still being alive with every lift. Sherlock recognized that his own existence relied on John’s presences now. That with each breath John took, Sherlock felt his own lungs fill.
Sherlock’s eyes moved rapidly up and down her body. She was a beautiful woman, there was no question about that. Her hair was jet black and pulled up into a swirl of curls into an ivory comb. Her eyes were a dark shade of green. Clear and intelligent. And her painted lips were bright red against her pale skin.
Moran sneered down at Holmes then he backhanded Sherlock across the man’s face. Sherlock was knocked backwards off his knees. He crumpled to the floor. Moran stepped away from Sherlock and over to some construction supplies left by the builders. There was an air compressor. Moran turned it on and the engine chugged to life. The compressor wheezed as it built up pressure in its tanks. Moran picked up the compressor’s hose and attached it to a nail gun. He slipped a sleeve of ten-penny nails into the gun. He pointed the gun at the wall ten feet away from him and pulled the trigger. The three-inch nail embedded into the wall with a popping sound.
John couldn’t be involved with the police. He needed to stay off their radar. The small grey haired woman followed Sherlock up the stairs but John quickly slipped his coat on. He was out the front door and hidden around the corner before Sherlock noticed he was gone.
Frankie turned and looked John in the eyes. “No. It was like I said. The soldier came in and asked about you and as he was leaving, Moran saw ‘im. He grabbed Moran’s arm and called ‘im a deserter. Moran shot ‘im dead before any of us knew what was ‘appening.”
John pulled Sherlock against one of the buildings as frightened civilians ran passed them. John’s eyes scanned the crowds for anyone who looked like the enemy. His hand on Sherlock’s chest as he pressed the younger man against the wall and shielded him with his own body.
“No, but neither is your employment. You can get dressed and walk out of here and try to find your way in the world or you can choose to join me and my network. The world is my playground. The counties . . . my toys.”
He quickly hailed a taxi as soon as he was out on the pavement. In the backseat of the cab, he reviewed the text from the Raz. The car had been seen in a counsel flat in Peckham. It was going to take over half an hour to reach the housing project. Sherlock wished he could convince the cabbie to speed.
“Tell the governor that Sherlock is still missing and in grave danger. That wretched soul is not my brother but probably someone named Wiggins.” Mycroft announced.
“Yes. What do you think of my little game? It really turned out well didn’t it?” A malevolent glee came into Jim’s voice.
Sherlock smiled as he stepped closer to the doctor. “John, you must know how attractive I find you. If we start now. If I kiss you now . . . taste you . . . run my hands across your naked body . . .” Sherlock crowded John back against the wall. The omega’s eyes transfixed on the tall alpha. “If I give in to my baser instincts, then . . . I won’t be able to wait. Our bonding might be put into jeopardy. Please, give me the week to prepare.” The dark haired detective was pressing up against John’s side. Pinning him to the wall. John could feel the heat coming off the man and his scent was becoming stronger.
John’s mind sparked out at the image of him pumping into Sherlock perfectly formed arse. A sane normal alpha would never allow it . . . but Sherlock. Every omega’s dream and Sherlock was offering it to John.
“I was six years old. Beaten every day. Sometimes with a stick, sometime with a belt. I was made to bath in cold water. Even in the winter.” Moriarty’s voice took on a hysterical tone. “Even Dickens’ in his darkest fantasies couldn’t imagine the horrors of the childhood I had . . . all because of your son, Mycroft. Well, I am here to return the favor. He will now suffer. He will now see everything he cares about taken away from him.”
“Ah, yeah. Sure.” John stood up and together the two walked out of the room. He barely caught Humphrey saying.
She wore a black lace gown that did not hide the trim lines of her body or the roundness of her breasts. Her fingers were long and graceful. The envy of any concert pianist. She moved like a cat. Confident and smooth. Well-practiced to entice any man who watched her. In her hand, she carried a leather riding crop.
Greg Lestrade hated operations like this. He wiped the sweat off his upper lip with his handkerchief hoping the two officers behind him didn’t notice. He glanced up and he watched the numbers increase as the lift rose. As the numbers increased so did his pulse rate. He could feel adrenaline begin to pump into his bloodstream. The weight of the Kevlar vest did nothing to relieve his anxiety. SCO19, the Metropolitan Police Firearms Unit, was waiting on the stairs. He had insisted he go in first into the offices. To be the diversion. But now he was questioning his decision. As soon as he was met with any antagonists, the team would come rushing in and take over. He was literally being used as bait.
“I am glad to see the Military grade bullet proof vest was proficient in protecting your life. I regret that it wasn’t sufficient enough to prevent injury, though.” Mycroft said noticing the man’s discomfort.
Mycroft smiled. “Thank you, my dear. Please call Lady Smallwood and tell her I wish to lunch with her today, if at all possible.”
Jeanette grabbed her handbag and slung the strap over her head violently. “Oh, I’ll go – alone! John you really are a great boyfriend.”
“No, I told you, I’m not my own person.” Sherlock pushed up on his knees as John’s arms fell away from him.
“I was wondering why James Moriarty would bear such a great hatred for a minor member of the government. I wondered what Mycroft Holmes could have done to warrant such attention from you.” Magnussen removed his glasses and used his handkerchief to wipe them clean. Carefully he slipped them back on and adjusted them. “It was so long ago, but it must be still so painful. Rejection.”
“In coming!” John grabbed Sherlock and threw him to the to the deck. John fell on top of Sherlock’s body while Blackwood dropped beside them.
The Backdoor, as it was known, was one of the gay dance clubs near school. The owner, Frankie Oskar, was an older man and friend of Sherlock, but Sherlock never gave a clear answer how the two knew each other.
John lowered himself and slowly dragged his teeth along Sherlock’s collar bone. The tender skin there was tight over the bone. Sherlock bucked up the alpha. He had never wanted anything as badly as he want John Watson at that moment.
“I would never be happy to know you were harmed, John. Never.” Sherlock said glancing at the bottle. He wondered how much alcohol John had been drinking. Had John finally succumb to the Watson curse of alcoholism?
Mycroft rolled his eyes. “I was going to say, I would be more than willing to arrange for him to review John’s case with the stipulation Sherlock accompany me home to my townhouse. That he remains with me there until this situation is finalized.”
Moriarty spun around. His gun raised and firing as soon as he turned. John reacted instinctively. He fired almost simultaneously with Jim. The crack of the shots were deafening. Sherlock lunged to the side to get out of the way.
Mycroft Holmes glared at the man from Government House. It had been three days since Sherlock had leapt out of the tree and disappeared into the forest surrounding the Holmes estate.
John and Sherlock glanced at each other then back to Lestrade. The policeman hesitated then shrugged his shoulders.
A tight grip wrapped around Mycroft’s heart. Using the letter knife he sliced through the wax seal and opened the letter.
“No, it is not. How many omegas have you slept with then left the next day? How many have you been in a long term relationship with?”
Sherlock wasn’t surprised he was so easily recognized. “I’m sure something so . . . pedestrian would be ignored by you. No, on the contrary, I am happy that John found a diversion for a short time.”
“As I said, I have orders you are to be arrested. But I also have secret orders that didn’t come through the Admiralty but from higher up the chain of command.” Lestrade said.
Sherlock noticed the shift in John’s attitude and something about it thrilled the omega. John no longer looked unassuming. He looked powerful and dangerous. Sherlock licked his lips as his body began to tingle.
Jim Moriarty enjoyed the fact that his offices on the twentieth floor of the building looked out over Lendenhall Street and Lloyd’s of London. It made him feel omnipotent knowing he was standing over those who feared the very thought of him. He smiled as he adjusted his tie.
“Yes, there was a wall between the exhibits and the glass front of the gallery. But the doorway was huge. You could see from the back of the room to the front.”
“I need to question you regarding your connection between Victor Trevor’s murder and the murder of James Sholto.” Dimmit turned and waved a PC forward. “Put him in an interview room.”
Six hours later the transport helicopter from Bastion touched down just outside the camp at Sangin. John stood by the sandbag wall as the propeller wash kicked up the scorching sand and dirt. Four men got off the helicopter, ducking their heads as they ran across the ground. John’s eye studied each man’s face until he came to the last man. The round and tanned face of James.
“Don’t be boring, Johnny. My bond mate came up with this all by himself.” Moriarty glared at Moran. “Apparently, he forgot about our bond. He decided he wanted an idiot for a lover.”
“I don’t know what you are talking about?” Violet tried to not look frightened of the man approaching her.
John listened but struggled to not react to the description. He swallowed a growl that was building inside of himself.
He reached down but instead of taking the phone out of Sherlock’s hand, he took Sherlock’s hand and held it while he pushed Sherlock’s sleeve back and exposed the bruised wrist. The marks were blackish blue and new. They encircled the wrist and were the size of another person’s hand.
James and Sherlock had left John upstairs with Detective Inspector Lestrade. As planned, they rode the lift down one floor then got off. Using the back hallways and the stairs, they slipped passed the police and were leaving through the loading docks. That is when they were stopped by the blond stranger with the watery grey eyes.
“You know exactly who I’m talking about. Victor, the little bitch. Where is he?” Rampant spit the words out at Sherlock.
Sherlock stood and took a deep breath. “The bullet pulled out of the wall will be from a handgun. Kill shot over that distance with that kind of a weapon makes it a crack shot you’re looking for. But not just a marksman but a fighter. His hands couldn’t have shaken at all so clearly he is acclimatized to violence. He only fired when I was in immediate danger so strong moral principle. Looking for a man with military service and . . .”
The coins rattled inside the bag. The bag tore when it hit the deck. The coins scattered across the wooden planks. The men stared at the money. John spat at it.
Sherlock stared at the officer. John realized that Sherlock hadn’t immediately refused. It made his chest twist.
“Sherlock has decided to leave. As per usual he became bored and didn’t wait for you. Don’t worry, I’ve dealt with your . . . sister and the landlord.” Mycroft’s disgust was apparent in his voice. “I retrieved your belongs from her and they are being placed into storage.”
On afternoon, returning from a short trip to Tesco, John was putting away the groceries, when Sherlock stepped into the flat and noticed the scent. He stepped into the kitchen and saw the open window. Sherlock followed the scent through the flat to their bedroom.
Sherlock stood in the middle of his flat watching as John retreated into the other room. He wondered if he had made a terrible mistake.
“And you – what are you doing in here? Does Blackwood know you are in here? Using his tools it looks like?”
Irene explained that she had acquired an email for a MOD official. He showed the fragmented email to Sherlock. She thought it was a code. Sherlock sat down across from John and studied the email.
John laughed, and shook his head no. “I’ll be sure to tell my nurses and orderlies, but you may end up regretting the offer.”
James felt his mouth water and he licked his cracked lips. He could taste mud on them from the field. He knew he was covered in it and needed a bath, but he needed to hear what John was saying more.
Sherlock sat up and watched as the Vengeance took fire. The white canvas sails were suddenly shredded. The Vengeance fired again. This time the cannon balls hit the side of the Morstan. The lead balls crashed through the side of the ship and into the lower decks.
John promised himself to write a letter the next day. It was just a few lines. How much John enjoyed shooting and how much he hated the food. He wrote about the morning runs that started in the dark and finished just as the sun had moved above the horizon. He wrote how much he missed Sherlock and hoped Sherlock was taking care of himself. He quickly ended the letter before he started to gush and write down how badly he wanted to be with Sherlock and how much he wanted to wake up next to the man. He sealed the letter and made sure it was in the afternoon mail bag.
John opened the door and Sherlock looked at the man’s face. The bruise on John’s cheek was already dark. John’s eye was blackened too. Sherlock took in a quick deep breath, seeing the marred face. He hesitantly reached up but John pulled back before Sherlock could touch him.
“Murder is still my department. There was a shooting down on the docks several weeks ago. Two men were killed that night. Since then there has been two more murders involving men from the same gang.”
“He is here with me.” Sherlock suddenly stood up. He had been on the floor behind the bed and out of sight. In his gloved hand, he held a silver cufflink. He turned over and looked at the etched initials. “H. H. Ring any bells?”
John looked down at the box but didn’t move to take it. “Which grateful nation? I have been listed as a deserter and criminal. A pirate.”
“No. I will wait for you to wake Mister Holmes or my constable can go and rout sleeping beauty himself.” Greg said calmly.
“Oh, the mighty Mycroft Holmes. I’ve heard about you.” Culverton Smith took Mycroft’s hand in both of his. He held it close to his chest as spoke, refusing to release it. “It is an honor.”
“I don’t believe I have but he is . . .” Mycroft scanned the room. He didn’t see Sherlock anywhere. Mycroft sighed and internally criticized himself for letting Sherlock take two steps away from him. “Is not here tonight, I’m afraid. Other commitments.”
John felt a lump in his throat. He remembered how horrible it was growing up with his abusive father but he never thought of taking drugs to deal with it. He placed his palm over Sherlock’s heart, feeling the steady slow beat from within.
“Thanks . . . sir.” John said. Moran smiled that this time there was a softness to the term that John had used as an insult in the past. John looked down at the targets at the end of the shooting ranger. He paused before he started to shoot again, turning back to the officer. “Colonel . . . Seb, I wanted to thank you for giving me a chance to be here . . . I mean . . . this is where I wanted to serve. I wanted to be here where I thought I could do the most good. I appreciate someone finally giving me the opportunity to be here.”
The leather seats were soft as butter as he sat down. His hand slid across the cool upholstery. The air conditioner was blowing cold air throughout the passenger compartment. The man sitting next to Greg had on his dark brown suit with a pale cream colored silk shirt. Greg had an incredible strong desire to drag his fingertips across the smooth fabric. Mycroft’s wine red tie was immaculately knotted and tucked into his waistcoat.
Mycroft Holmes was a very busy man. He always stated he maintained a minor position within the British Government, while Sherlock claimed he was the British Government. Sherlock was closer to the truth than Mycroft was. Mycroft’s exact title was a state secret. Less than five people in the country actually knew what it was and that included the Prime Minister and the Queen.
“If there is nothing you need, major, I would like to lay down for a while. It’s been a rough two days and my leg is hurting.”
“You have spoken to Sherlock?” Mycroft had placed surveillance on Sherlock. He had never been informed that Sherlock was meeting someone as dangerous as Magnussen.
“Culverton Smith, I know exactly who you are and what you have been doing. And although I don’t know Victoria Salvage personally, I have no problems what so ever in you murdering her like you did the other seven people you killed.” Moriarty slipped his hands into his pockets. “Please, I would like to watch you do it.”
James’ pulse rate increased as his eyes dilated. “John.” The single word sounds more like a plea than a wish.
Magnussen stared at the offered gift, but didn’t reach for it. His eyes shifting from the memory stick back to Moriarty’s face.
Sherlock rolled his eyes then took a deep breath. “Someone came in here and somehow prevent her from calling for assistance. He subdued her then held his hand over her mouth and nose, suffocating her.”
All the more reason he was exasperated. He didn’t need to be called to his mother’s house like a wayward child. He had important things he needed to be dealing with. There were the elections in Germany and the shift in the government in Cambodia that he need to handle. There was economic arrangement that needed to be finalized with the EU. There were the Russians making overt threats again. Finally there was Magnussen and Sherlock.
“If you think you can over power me you are correct. I could never defeat you in a contest of strength, but you would never leave this hotel alive. In fact, since you know who I am, you have only two choices. Join me or die. Do my bidding or have your body wash ashore somewhere along the coast. You choose.”
He took another sip of coffee and lifted his mug towards the waitress. She came over and filled Mike’s mug and hesitated before she refilled John’s. Mike smiled and reached for the seed cake. John grabbed the plate and moved the dessert out of Mike’s reach.
“It’s not their fault that a bastard’s giving them their orders. Non-lethal force. Do I make myself clear?” John barked. The other soldiers nodded in agreement. It appeared to ease their conscious.
John moved lower and licked over the man’s exposed nipple. He leaned back and blew softly on it. John watched mesmerized as the skin puckered and wrinkled. He leaned in and lightly bit at the nub. Pulling gently until he heard Sherlock gasp and twist underneath him. The friction of Sherlock’s body against his member was delicious.
The orderlies lifted the kid from the man’s arms and set him on a gurney. John already had his stethoscope out and listening to the boy’s breathing and heart.
Sherlock was franticly pacing in the lobby of the building. His dark coat billowing out behind him. His dark curls even messier than normal by his frequent hair tugs. As soon as he saw John, he rushed forward and wrapped his arms around the young man.
Flashes of memories played across Sherlock’s closed eyelids. Moments and people. He sighed as he thought about Victor and how angry he was when they had gotten home from Sherlock’s tutoring session with John. Sherlock’s wrist still hurt from where Victor had twisted it up behind his back before he shoved him down across the table and pulled his trousers down. Victor had been brutal. Claiming Sherlock as his own. Ignoring the other man’s pleas. But Sherlock knew the heroin would take the pain away and Sherlock would endure anything as long as Victor would stay and not leave him.
Sherlock quickly lifted his head and reached for the phone. He checked the caller ID then answered the call.
John turned back and looked at Sherlock. The dark-haired man was fixed on a photograph of a sculpture that looked like globs of melted metal. It was two and half feet tall and about three feet long. It stood on a flat white base almost nine and half feet long, a foot wide and three and half feet tall.
Lestrade turned and walked into the small café. He didn’t even wait to see if the man was following him. John glanced up and down the street. He didn’t see any police vehicles approaching. If Lestrade suspected him of the robbery, John thought he would at least have backup before trying to arrest him. John concentrated on the weight of the gun at the small of his back. It normally felt comforting but now it was a burden. If he was arrested and the gun was found on him, there would be no way to explain it. If he refused to follow the police officer and speak to him, then he would give the man reason to believe he was involved in the robbery.
Sherlock went to his desk and sat down, facing away from the doctor. He powered up his laptop and opened a file before he turned to face John. His eyes travelled over the doctor. John looked more tired than he did the last time Sherlock had seen him. But John’s eyes were still bright and deep blue. A blue that reminded Sherlock of the ocean. Just as deep and just as mysterious. He noticed the love bite on John’s neck. It was low and mostly covered by the collar, but he still saw the bruised skin. Sherlock also noticed the slight discomfort John was experiencing in walking. Deductions burned rapidly through Sherlock’s mind and he felt physically sick with his conclusions.
John closed his eyes and nodded his head. His lips were drawn tight as the wave of cramps came over him.
John wondered what happened to the first soldier who was using the radio. His thoughts went to the worse. He remembered the young soldier’s face. Barely out of his teens. The man had a girlfriend back home. John felt sick.
John turned off the televisions set and tossed the remote onto the coffee table in front of him. He sat on the couch as he dragged his fingers through Sherlock’s hair. The younger omega was draped across the couch with his head in John’s lap. He was sleeping. The scent of the alpha making the already physically exhausted omega relax and content. John watched as Sherlock nestled deep into his lap. Nosing at his zipper to catch any lingering scent of the alpha’s musk. John’s fingers combed through Sherlock’s curls. The strands cascading back over the pale forehead.
The taller man came crashing down into John’s body with a grunt. John instinctively wrapped his arm around the man’s waist to steady them, so they wouldn’t fall. He pulled the taller man to his chest and took the other man’s weight onto his own braced feet.
John watched as a man leapt from the railing into the water. It took several seconds before the man broke the surface and then tried to swim to the docks.
“Then I’ll order a sleeper sofa and you will be more comfortable.” Sherlock said. He opened the book and started to read again.
“Shaz?” Tandoor smiled and showed he was missing most of his upper teeth. “Welcome. I have a bed already waiting for you.”
“You bloody well know it is doctor. How many times did you throw it in my face that Sherlock was paying for my medical school?”
The first room was made up of radios and video equipment with images of the area surrounding the encampment. A large humming swamp cooler weakly blew cool air around the electronics. The crackle of radio transmissions from squads in the fields drowned out the hum of the swamp cooler. The second room was a large room with a paper map of the area pinned to one of the walls. There were rows of benches in the room and an old-fashioned chalkboard for briefings. From there, the warren broke off into smaller and smaller rooms.
“No.” Sherlock answered quickly then repeated slowly and calmly. “I’ve never been afraid of you, John. You’ve been the only person in my life I didn’t need to be afraid of.”
Then John heard the distinct sound of boots walking across the deck. Numerous boots. Men trying to be quiet as they walked.
“Because . . .” John struggled to remember why they shouldn’t as he stared in Sherlock’s silvery blue eyes staring back at him. “Because you are confused.”
The younger Afghan waved his hand and shouted as he blocked John from entering the house. The elder man shouted back. John glanced at Henn.
John blinked. He wasn’t sure why that information was important, but he didn’t choose to argue with the policeman.
“He was my commanding officer in Afghanistan. I was meeting up with a member of Her Majesty’s army.”
“No, James has been thrown out. His daughter Mary has taken over the throne. Her husband, William of Orange, is the new king and Mary - the queen.”
John couldn’t answer the man. He moaned as his felt hands stroke down his sides and reach for his belt.
He could hear the rhythmic rumble of waves on the beach and the room carried the scent of sea air. The sky outside the windows was clear and bright blue. There was no haze from pollution or the sound of traffic. Sherlock sighed as he closed his eyes and snuggled down under the duvet. He deduced he was in a ‘B&B’ somewhere on the west coast.
Moran watched as the young doctor stepped out of the unit. He was even more intrigued by the unusual omega. His calm confidence in the face of a dominant alpha. Watson’s relaxed yet still very military attitude. John Watson was a puzzle he would need to solve. Watson seemed to ignore the man, leaving while the other alpha officers watched him go.
Sherlock took a moment to consider what Jim was saying and weighed it against what he already knew. He shrugged his shoulders.
“His name is James Sholto. He’s a lieutenant colonel in the army.” Lestrade read the information from his notepad.
He was just staring at the coffee when there was a knock on the front door. John glanced around to make sure everything appeared reasonably normal before he opened the door. He was expecting Sherlock’s brother or Joey. He saw two men. One was a man wearing a rumbled suit with brown hair going grey and the other was a police constable.
John checked to see if Sherlock was still breathing. The omega was, but it was shallow. His pulse rate was very slow. John ran his hand through his hair, then reached down and pulled Sherlock off the bed. The omega groaned as John wrapped his arm around Sherlock’s waist and pulled the taller man’s arm over his shoulder. John half walked, half dragged Sherlock out of the flat and down the steps.
White wrote down everything Sherlock had said while Mycroft narrowed his eyes at Sherlock. The younger Holmes refused to look at his brother.
Sherlock was sitting on the couch, studying the locks on the pink suitcase. He glanced up at John through his dark fringe. His raven curls messily tossed from his leap into the skip.
“I was sent after you under top secret orders. I was sent to retrieve you and arrest Watson and bring both of you back to England and to royal court.”
“William and Mary are not just the king and queen of England. They rule a greater country. A country of many people and languages. Not only England, Scotland, Ireland, and Wales. There are now the colonies in North America and a new one in China. A Great Britain.” Mycroft said.
“In London? This is not charity, John. I expect you to pay your share of living expenses. But this seems to be the most reasonable answer to our predicament as it stands now,” Sherlock said.
“A more personal relationship? You really can’t say it can you? You want to have an affair with me.” Elizabeth smiled.
“John Watson, captain of the Mary Morstan.” John said still staring down at Sherlock. “Welcome aboard. You want to get out of those wet clothes and into something dry. When did you eat last?”
John hadn’t planned on going over to the Grey Horse. He really didn’t want a drink but after the phone call from Ryan and the long day of fighting off old memories, John decide it was time to make new ones. It was almost nine when John walked into the pub. There were three tables of nurses and orderlies already enjoying the publican’s generosity.
When the Dutch attacked the Maywand, Middlebrook and his marines were firing along the railing. A single blast of grapeshot from the Dutch cannon killed most of the firing squad. Middlebrook died in Blackwood’s arms.
The fire was roaring. The sound was incredible. Sherlock’s eyes were weeping from the smoke and he was coughing. He felt dizzy. John twisted Sherlock and pushed his face out of the window and into the fresh cold night air.
How had it all gone so wrong? What had he missed? He had always been afraid that Sherlock would bore of him. That he would be unable to hold his alpha’s attention. The further in the pregnancy John got the less time Sherlock would spend with him. The detective would go off on his own, leaving the pregnant omega alone in the flat. He quit taking John to cases with him. Sherlock rarely came to bed with John any longer. John woke up too many times to cold sheets and an empty flat.
“I just would like to talk to you. There are things I feel we should discuss.” Sherlock didn’t want to plead but he didn’t want John to leave either.
John was so busy watching the crowd, he missed the taxi that had pulled up in front of 22 Northumberland. It had been parked there for at least a minute before John saw it. He noticed the passenger in the backseat turn around for a second and look right at him. The male passenger was tan and seemed to looking for something. He turned around and the taxi started to drive off.
Mycroft turned and looked down at John. He pulled the corners of his mouth down and tipped his chin up defensively.
John shifted on his feet. He wanted to get closer but he didn’t want to draw any attention to himself. He watched as the police questioned several civilians standing near the front door of the building. John felt it was time to try and convince someone to help him. He saw a young policeman, maybe in his late twenties, standing off by himself. The young man was left alone to guard the entrance to an alley. He looked bored and easily distracted. John rounded his shoulders and relaxed his body. He walked over with a relaxed gate that was anything but intimidating. He stepped up to the young policeman and gave him one of his most disarming smiles. The beta officer looked suspiciously at John but didn’t seemed threatened.
John stood up and seemed at a lost. Sherlock was not arguing with him. The last few months the two of them had been together, they seemed to be arguing about everything. About Sherlock’s drug use. Mycroft’s business. John’s future in the army. It had been horrible and left John crushed. But now, Sherlock was agreeing with him. He was accepting the blame and repeating back to the doctor the same accusations John said years before.
Sherlock quickly spun around and saw the pain etched across John’s face. His trousers were soaked and a pool of blood and liquid formed at his feet.
“It appears that my emotions are beyond my control. My body is more than transport and you, my dear Watson, are my cure.”
John reported to Humphrey and was put on the Texan’s surgical team. By the end of the month, he had his own team. There were long stretches of boredom interrupted by the frantic moments of trauma. Casualties came in. Most were gunshot wounds. The surgical team’s success rate for those patients was high. Then there were the victims of explosions. The mangled and shredded bodies of IED’s and landmines. Successes were measured in saved lives and not saved limbs.
John wrapped both of his hands around Sherlock’s face and drew him close. He kissed the detective and pushed up into the man’s body.
John pulled himself up to the hands and knees and bent over the still man. He listened to the man’s chest then punched him as hard as he could in the man’s solar plexus. The stranger spewed water out.
John thought he recognized the voice. He stopped walking and glanced around. The car was parked beside the curb and a man was standing beside it. He had opened the back door and seemed to waiting for John to get in.
Sherlock quickly had his kit off and handed it over to the boy. The young boy rushed from the room leaving Sherlock alone with the bucket of water and McMath’s clothes. Sherlock dipped a flannel into the water then wiped his face with the cool water. It felt wonderful. He dipped the rag back into the water again and brought it up saturated to his face. The cool water dripped down his cheeks and onto his chest. It raised gooseflesh. He wiped his brow then down the back of his neck. He closed his eyes relishing the relief the simple act of washing up brought.
“I’ll be actively avoiding the Royal Navy, thank you very much. They probably have orders from Mycroft to take me back to Barbados.”
John propped his head onto his hand as he rested his elbow on the arm of the chair. He continued to stare at Sherlock.
John looked back up at Sherlock’s face. Nothing seemed different, then he noticed something along Sherlock’s neck. John reached up and gently pushed Sherlock’s hair out of the way. Four oblong bruises marred the young man’s skin. Four bruises like someone’s hand had gripped Sherlock’s neck and held him down.
“John, you know what you must do . . . I’m here and we will do this together . . . like we do everything.”
“I will have to agree with John. Victor, you are not wanted here. Leave and quickly before it becomes uncomfortable for you.”
Sherlock growled. “Take my phone, John. Yours will be traced. Leave it behind. Hurry, out the bedroom window."
Standing next to the bed was Culverton Smith. He was grasping his left arm. Blood was staining the sleeve of the white shirt.
“Bill saved my life. That’s a debt I can never repay. His son was murdered. What would you expect me to do for someone I owe so much too?” John asked.
John moved slowly and purposefully through the flat. He removed his coat and set about fixing himself a small glass of whiskey. He knew he shouldn’t drink but after the day he had, he needed the warmth of the liquor. John wanted to talk to Sherlock but didn’t know how to start. He took a sip of the whiskey to give himself a moment’s courage.
Several of the streets were paved with cobblestones but most were still hard packed earth. The buildings that lined either side of the streets were a combination of brick and stucco. Some had thatched roofs while others had wooden shingles. There were no pavements or sidewalks. Pedestrians dodged carts and horses as well as other pedestrians.
There was only one answer and it was staring him in the face. The drugs. It could only be the drugs. Sherlock had chosen them over John. John had come second to Sherlock’s addiction.
“It takes several weeks to cross from England to the Caribbean and back again. Remember, William and Mary only took your throne in a few months ago. The request for Mycroft’s return had to travel five weeks to get to him, then another five weeks for him to return. And I’m sure he didn’t leave right away. Remember, his dear little brother went missing.” The man smiled around the mouthpiece of his pipe. The smoke curled around his head.
Lestrade felt the punch to his chest and then the force of the air being ripped from his lungs. He fell backwards hitting the floor hard. His head bounced on the carpet. His eyes grew wide even as everything was turning grey. Greg wondered where John Watson had disappeared to. He would like to be there right now.
Then Mycroft Holmes could never touch him again. He could try and kidnap him or threaten him, but John would be protected. And John would be able to protect Sherlock.
Sherlock crashed through a door and into a darken building. John chased after the omega as he raced up a set of stairs to the roof. The omega ran across the rooftops and over skylights. John doggedly ran behind him. They dodged chimney stacks and antennae. Suddenly, Sherlock leaped over the gap between the buildings. John skidded to a stop and looked down. The drop to the pavement below was more than five stories.
“A lie? But . . .” Stapleton realized he had already said too much. He had paid the clerk in the Admiral’s employ to tell him of any dispatches from the West Indies. He had reported to Sir Henry that Sherlock Holmes was found dead by the captain of the Scotland. Holmes had laid a trap to find out who was following his brother’s escape and Stapleton stepped into it.
“And then Moriarty told you to claim I shot James?” John asked as he slipped his hand back away from the gun.
“Sherlock is my only family. If I had known what Victor was doing to Sherlock, I would have put a stop to it,” Mycroft said sincerely.
Sebastian Moran stood outside the walls forward base as the sun blazed just above the horizon in the west. This time of year, the Helmand River was a muddy brown smear that laid across the parched earth. It was low but still not at its lowest level. The sound of the evening wind picked up and it was all Moran could hear. The tall thick walls blocked out most of the noise coming from the camp. The wind was a soft hum of the breeze as it blew across the ground before it was swallowed by the sparse vegetation.
“No, no, I can’t.” With Herculean strength, John grabbed Sherlock’s shoulders and pushed him back. “We can’t.”
“Moran? So you know his last name without me telling you. You have been checking up on me. Why? You think because I foolishly loved you once you get the right to interfere in my life now?”
“Personal would be an embarrassment but nothing more. Given what has already been published about politicians I doubt Mycroft could be involved in anything more depraved than what is already out there. As for criminal- everything he does is with government sanction. Even an act of murder would be for ‘Queen and County’. No, the threat is not criminal. Therefore it must be state secrets. Something that if it was released would show Mycroft to be either a threat to England or a traitor to her.” Sherlock rattled off quickly without seeming to think about it.
The only troubling thing was the newspaper clipping that he picked up next. It was a story about a fire at the dance club ‘The Enclave’. It had burned down two days after Moriarty had been killed. The owner of the club, Frankie Oskar, was found dead inside the building. Burned beyond recognition. The man’s DNA was not on record anywhere and his fingerprints had been obliterated in the fire. His identification was based on eyewitnesses that said they saw him enter the building alone and not leave before the fire.
“But wait . . .” John interrupted. “If Frankie was trying to protect me, then why did he tell the police I shot James?”
Mycroft disconnected the call. He glanced up to see John and Sherlock had disappeared into the bedroom. He knew this was a better situation than Trevor, but he was certain it wasn’t the best for Sherlock. He knew he would be called back here again to fix this problem too.
John stood up. Sherlock didn’t move as John stepped closer and pecked a kiss lightly on the corner of Sherlock’s mouth. Then John gave Sherlock a playful slap on his butt cheek.
Even after having three fingers in him, Sherlock’s entrance was tight. John nudged slightly over and over again until the head of his cock slipped inside the omega. Sherlock gasped slightly and tensed.
He nuzzled closer to the scent. The pillow he was on was harder than he remembered owning, but it was covered in a soft cotton case that seemed to be the source of the wonderful smell. He sighed and took another breath.
The call ended and John was left standing at the nurses’ station staring down at the receiver in his hand. John felt a hollow sensation in his chest. A flash of deja’vu came to John. He remember how it hurt when Sherlock told him to leave seven years ago. This wasn’t as bad; by no means as painful, but it was a shadow of the past feelings. The sense of worthlessness. He couldn’t even be bothered to call John himself. John wanted to tell himself it didn’t matter. He didn’t want to hear the man’s voice again. He didn’t want go back to Sherlock. He couldn’t go back. But that didn’t help. There was the fleeting moment when his heart remember how much it loved Sherlock Holmes.
“What? You’re sorry? For which time? When you kidnapped me and dragged me back into all of this? Or maybe for setting me up to be a target for Moriarty and Moran? Or was it for the time you fucking tore my heart out of my chest when you kicked me to the kerb for no reason at all?”
“I was able to get some help from some Army friends. Blackwood and Eddie are outside with the guards. The woman is tied up in the other room. I took this gun off of her.” John said.
Suddenly, the crackle of gunfire made the men duck and rush to the sides of the road. A bullet hit the mudbricks near John and stung his face with shards of broken brick. Bill Murry tripped and fell to the ground with a loud grunt. John reached out and grabbed the webbing on the man’s back and pulled him behind the corner of the building with him.
John marched into the room and saw Sherlock sitting in his chair. His long legs were crossed at the knee and his fingertips were steeple under his chin.
“No, it’s not. I don’t . . . I don’t care if they are enjoying it as much as I am.” John whispered hating how much it made him sound like a bastard. “But you.”
The first day of small arms training was terrifying for John. He had never held a gun in his life let alone fired one. Initially hesitant, he picked the rifle up and followed the drill sergeant orders. When ordered to fire, John aim the rifle at the target forty yards down range and pulled the trigger. The gun jerked in his hands but he held tight and fired again as the drill sergeant called out. When they had fired the rifles five times, the scores were posted above the targets. John had two hits in the second to the smallest ring and three in the smallest ring.
“Good job everyone. Let’s get him admitted to ICU and find out if he has any family.” John said as he watched the nurse cover the boy’s torso with a warm blanket.
“Not your father, but there is someone who has a connection to Victor, Sholto, Moriarty and you. We’re going to talk to him.” Sherlock said as he read another text on his mobile.
“I trusted you when you said Victor was an acceptable companion. We see how well you did there. Of course I am doing background checks. And John Watson has already signed the commitment papers. Once he finishes this semester, he will be leaving. You must prepare yourself.”
“Why? Because you have found a new champion? You need consider your choices. John won’t be here forever.”
He looked up and he saw Moran walking away. John was not with him. Sherlock looked around but John was missing. A sudden sickening wave over took the man. Sherlock took off to follow Moran. His long legs quickly closed the distance between himself and Moriarty’s man.
Moriarty glanced up at the gold gilt Louis the XIV chair. An antique that had cost them eighteen hundred euros. “No, just toss it. I’m thinking of redecorating anyway.”
“No, we go to Magnussen. Tell him his blackmail information is now worthless and he can’t force Mycroft to sell me off.” Sherlock said.
Sherlock’s mouth went dry. He rolled over and tried to get to his feet, but Moran was on him in mere seconds. He knocked Sherlock back down to his hands and knees. Moran placed his knee between Sherlock’s shoulder blades and pushed him to the floor. He grabbed Sherlock’s hand and pulled it out to the side. He stepped down on Sherlock’s wrist to hold it in place. Then he aimed the nail gun at the back Sherlock’s hand.
“How could I do that? I’m just a fuck’n barkeep.” Frankie took another sip of scotch while his eyes were fixed on Sherlock’s.
It took several moments before Sherlock hummed then nodded his head. As if he was remembering something distant and removed from him.
The man yanked the knife from John’s leg and pushed himself back from the soldier. He raised the knife up again to attack. John sprawled across the ground, stared at the bloody knife-edge. He saw his own blood staining the blade. The man took a step forward then collapsed to the ground. The knife tossed from his hand. John looked up surprised to see the grandfather standing behind the man holding a gun. The sound of the gunshot almost lost among the other shots around them.
“Alright, alright . . . you don’t need to prove it to me tonight, idiot. I believe you . . . but we need some ground rules.”
Sherlock stood on the deck and could look out over the railing at the other ships. They were close now. Men from the Speckled Band finally noticed the approaching Morstan. They started shouting waving their arms, but the majority of crew were already attacking the British and ignored the warnings of another ship.
“Is he abusive to Sherlock?” John asked. John kept his eyes down and tried to not act overly concerned.
Moran had been watching 221 Baker Street for several days. He had taken a flat across the street where he could spy on the residence of 221B without being seen. Whenever he could sneak away from James he came to the flat and sat at the window. The scope from one of his sniper rifles in his hand. He watched as John and Holmes come and go. Sometimes, John would leave alone. Moran would rush out of the flat and follow John when he was alone. He would follow John to the shops and out into the park when the omega went on walks. Moran was amazed at how big John belly was since the last time he had seen him. John’s pregnant stomach was prominent on the small omega’s frame.
“Sherlock,” John’s voice was breathy and he sounded wreaked. “Sherlock, you need to give me time to adjust to this.”
“What? Are you pretending to be a psychologist now?” Sherlock sneered. “You’re probably as abysmal at that as you are at being a detective.”
John tied his trainers on and ran down the steps to the back door of the building and out into a bare patched garden. He was out the gate and into the alley in seconds. As he started to walk down the street, the sound of police sirens reached him. He was skipping down the steps of the nearest tube station as Sherlock answered the knocking at his door.
“No, I think not knowing the fate of his brother would be worse for Mycroft than seeing the omega ravaged and lifeless. Think how it would eat at him. Not knowing if the bitch was alive or dead, getting high somewhere in an alley or crack-house, or was he prostituting himself for his next hit. It would be elegant. But we need to do it before the funeral of ‘Mummy Dear’. That would just add to the grief.”
“Bet you never saw this coming.” John slowly opened the coat and revealed the bomb strapped to his chest. “What would you like for me to make him say next?”
John mentioned the flight number and Sherlock was distracted again from the two other people in the room. John watched his bond mate start pacing around the room, whispering the flight number. John glance up at Irene. The woman was smiling at him. She was happily telling him, that she could take his mate away from him and their child whenever she wanted.
“Well, things have changed and there is an alpha who wishes to bond with you.” Mycroft finally turned to look at his brother.
“No.” Moran bowed his head down in regret. He never did let John know how he felt. “We were just friends. John never knew.”
John knew the ship and her captain, Elias Openshaw. An evil man who had captained several slave ships to the West Indies.
Sherlock stood in the foyer of Mycroft’s home. The younger Holmes was studying the Thomas Gainsborough on the wall. It was to be an oil painting of a distant ancestor. The subject had the same dark wavy curls of Sherlock and the sharp expression of Mycroft. But the individual’s eyes were dark, almost black, like Jim Moriarty’s. Sherlock had seen the painting countless times, but it was only now that he noticed the similarities in it to the three brothers. Inwardly, Sherlock sighed as he acknowledged his failure to notice before. He felt himself stupid for missing something so obvious.
John stepped in front of the older man and remove his dark sunglasses. The older Afghan stared into John’s eyes, then began to speak. John could tell the man was pleading with him, even if he didn’t understand the words. Henn translated.
“Would it have been better for me to sit and pine for him only to receive a letter telling me he had his brains blown out.”
“It’s the very best place for it.” Mary laughed softly. “And who said it has to be romance, why can’t it just be what ever it will be?”
In the back of his mind, Sherlock rushed to find a reason why Magnussen would have kidnapped him. He wasn’t seen getting into the car by anyone. And even if he was, it would appear Sherlock did so under his own volition. No reason for someone to call the police. No one would have thought to.
“You don’t need to scamper off just yet. Bullyboy won’t toss you for at least a few hours.” She said as she tried to nestle down beside him.
“He is not here yet, Miss Adler, but he will know I was here and he will want to know why I came to you.” Sherlock said.
The British officer he had been fighting fell back and grabbed the railing. He panted as he tried to catch his breath.
Sherlock grabbed the bottle and sat down behind John’s desk. He wiped out a small wooden bowl and tapped a few grains of sulfur into it. Then he opened a jar of ichthammol. The black drawing agent smelled of pitch. Sherlock took a large spoonful of the sticky ointment out and mixed it with the sulfur. Once thoroughly mixed, he went over to John’s bed. He removed the bandaged. The tissue underneath the wadding of cotton was red and puffy. Purulent mucus oozed around the sutures.
“And so I did, so I did. Who is this young man?” Tandoor’s eyes glanced over Sherlock’s frame salaciously. As if Sherlock was naked and up for sale to the highest bidder.
“Up for another eighteen hours? Why? Did you take something?” John asked looking suspiciously at Sherlock.
Irene held out her hand for the phone. He hesitated before he handed it over to her. Irene smiled and twisted slightly to obscure the screen. She typed in the four numbers.
Renfrew Road was a narrow street lined with the depressing, pale brick buildings. A housing projects from the fifties. Small one car garages protruded in front of each unit. Small windows prevented any view in or out of the flats. No gardens and nothing individual about any of the houses. Numerous two-story units connected together in a huge ugly block of small nameless flats.
Mycroft stood up from his chair and stiffly walked till he was behind his desk. He absently adjusted some papers on the blotter then glanced up at the footman.
“Yes, about that . . .” John’s memory suddenly flashed back to the look on Sherlock’s face when he mentioned their ‘next date’. “Thank you . . . for helping us, James and me.”
“Your family must be proud of you today, Watson,” the commanding officer said as he shook John’s hand. “Are they here? I would like to meet them.”
“We need to figure out what Magnussen has on your brother.” John said without looking up. He realized if he kept looking at Sherlock he would lose track of what needed to be done.
He heard the front door of the building open and sound of someone climbing his stairs. He noticed the distinct sound of an umbrella tapping on the wooden treads.
“This was brought to my attention and I knew you would want to be informed immediately. It is in regards to your doctor.”
John glanced over at the young omega. Roberta was pretty and sweet. She had big brown eyes and her dark red hair was thick. There was a sprinkling of freckles across her slender nose. She was attractive and John was sure there were many other alphas who found the young woman appealing.
The car stopped at the light and John pulled the door handle but it was still locked and he was unable to escape.
“Only because James and I were there, damn it. Sherlock you can’t keep doing stupid things like this. You’re an omega. It’s too dangerous.”
With incomprehensible speed, John grabbed Sherlock’s wrist. He twisted and suddenly had Sherlock on his back, his hands pinned to the mattress.
It was just after six, when John and Sherlock arrived at John’s flat. Sherlock came in and glanced around the small front room.
“You? Does my little ruthless assassin have a soft spot for an omega?” It sounded as if Moriarty was teasing Moran, but the ex-soldier knew the truth. He knew that if he showed any weakness, Moriarty would doubt him and have him killed.
“Even a non-lethal GSW would cause you difficulty. Even if you have a physical on call, there is still the annoying neighbors who will be curious about the noise. And the blood trail. And the CCTV cameras showing you carrying my body out of here.” Sherlock was trying to buy time. He knew someone was watching what was going on. Surely, Mycroft’s sniffer dogs had followed him here.
“Tuesday.” John said rolling his own eyes. He began to wonder if he was the only reasonable person in the house. He grabbed a bottle of beer and twisted the top off. He made it into the ben as he tossed the metal cap at it.
“I know. But remember . . . you said there had been a murder of a rich industrialist. You said his family wanted him dead and must have hired someone in the hospital to do it.”
“Yes, we thought . . .” Sherlock glanced away for a moment. “Fortunately, I found a compound in your journals. A salve to draw out the infection and save your life.” Sherlock laid his hand on John’s leg. He squeezed the man’s leg slightly.
James’ body curved forward as the projectile pierced his chest. He was pushed backwards and into Sherlock and John. His blood splattered over their faces. A hole appeared in his back.
“Mister Holmes, you shouldn’t be here without your solicitor.” Lestrade said. He unbutton his jacket and sat down. A sharp stab in Greg’s chest made the detective wince.
His arms tightened around James. He brought up his hand and pulled James’ head to rest on his chest. Moriarty closed his eyes and smelled the masculine scent of his alpha. Moran rested his head on top of James’ head.
“Charles Agustin Magnussen is an evil man. He is a blackmailer.” Sherlock started to wave his hands around as he spoke. John watched as the omega began to circle him. “He is responsible for ruining the lives of dozens of people. He has wormed his way into position of power and control over influential people and he has somehow forced my brother into agreeing to a bonding.”
“No, just a regular officer.” The young officer puffed up as John praised him. “And it wasn’t bad, she poisoned herself.”
“Yeah, I mean yes. And Sherlock is not with me. He doesn’t even know I’m here.” John said after he sat down.
“Now come with us or I will allow Seb to not only shoot you in the knee, but also give the order to place a bullet right between John Watson’s dark blue eyes.”
Moriarty looked over at Smith who was still sprawled across the couch. Smith hummed and took another sip.
Sherlock glanced up at the man. Greg could tell the omega was upset. For a brief moment there was a softness to Greg’s expression. Compassion for the burden Sherlock was enduring, then it replaced by the determined and emotionless face of the policeman.
“I’ve finished with my interviews. They have everything I knew about Moriarty’s network. It will be completely dismantled. Sherlock Holmes is dead and Christopher Tietjens is living in Friar’s Gate with his bees.”
Out of blackness leaped another Chinese acrobat. The man slipped a red scarf over Sherlock’s neck and twisted it. He yanked Sherlock way from James’ chair. John shouted.
“I got the cook to give me the giblets from a turkey and a goose. I’m comparing the anatomical differences in the two species.”
“I have already told you. And I assure you that any further harassment of my clients will cost you your position within Scotland Yard.” Mycroft stood up. “Come along, John. Sherlock is waiting for you.”
The two moved together in a familiar dance. Pleasuring each other. The late afternoon sun warmed the room. The golden light reflected off the wooden floors and illuminated Sherlock’s body. The man’s pale skin now glowing in the sunlight with a shine of sweat. John’s hands reached up and cupped Sherlock’s face as he moved slowly pushing into John’s body.
The omega’s cum painted across John’s chest. Over the valleys and dips of his muscles and across the puckered skin of his scar.
Stapleton tapped on the roof of the carriage. The footman closed the door and replaced the step. He quickly jumped up on the back running board and carriage rattled off.
Sherlock waited till John was done then mulled over what John had said. “I can agree to your stipulations with some modifications.”
“You destroyed him politically and privately. Took away his power, destroyed his reputation, and murdered not only his mother but also his friend. Short of putting a bullet into him yourself, I can’t think of a more thorough ruin.”
The woman didn’t even notice. Her eyes were transfixed on the leather pouch. Mycroft waved his hand and she grabbed it. She gave him a short curtsy.
Mycroft Holmes rolled his eyes. He was needed at Whitehall. He couldn’t be wasting his valuable time here arguing with his brother.
John quickly turned back and looked at the man in the bed. Sherlock was indeed waking. John took Sherlock’s wrist in his hand; his finger encircling the delicate bones. He felt Sherlock’s pulse rate increase in a firm steady beat and Sherlock’s breathing become normal for a conscious individual.
The drill sergeant glanced sideways at John then told the men to reload. He stood behind John and watched the young man fumble as he slipped the cartridges into the magazine, then push the magazine into the gun.
Mycroft Holmes had proved to Detective Lestrade he was completely innocent of the man’s death. That had been the encouragement Greg needed to proceed with a relationship with Holmes. He had read the reports that listed Mycroft Holmes as a person of interest in several crimes, but he didn’t see any direct evidence linking the man to any illegal activities. There were whispers and hints but nothing that could actually be followed or even considered plausible testimony.
“Oh, yes. She made sure we had a lovely place to start our little game. She also had access to correspondence between you and Lady Smallwood. It was quite easy for her to forge the woman’s signature and send you a note to meet Elizabeth in the suite. She knew your schedule, even before you did. Our little Anthea even knew about the memory stick with the missile defense plans on it and where the analyst would be for Moran to murder him. And she was in charge of your security teams. Both for yourself and for your family.” Jim moved over and was now studying a landscape painting. His index finger tapping lightly on his lips as he stared at the painting in feigned interest.
“I know you don’t trust Mycroft. You have a good reason not to, but I only do the odd job for him. I am not breaking the law.”
“Doctor John Watson. Well, you know where you need to go. The engineers are finally done with your living quarters. Air-conditioned and running water. Private,” He waved a young service man over. “Take Captain Watson over to the hospital and introduce him to Doctor Humphrey. Then get back here.”
“Start without me. I’ll be there first thing in the morning.” Mycroft said as he disconnected the call. He quickly pressed the intercom between the backseat and the driver. “Take us to my flat, Mathis.”
“I understand . . . I just want you to know that you and William are the most important things to me.”
“It’s a full ‘med’ pack.” John said. It was larger than a field pack and probably weighed an extra fifteen pounds. Not a lot but over several miles, it would weigh the smaller man down.
Sherlock glanced around the first floor. The house was elegant and clean. There was no loud music or boisterous conversations. Not what Sherlock expected in a brothel. The floors were highly polished wood stained black. The walls were whitewashed plaster. In each room, a small black child pulled cords that cause large fans against the ceiling to move. The gentle movement of air was refreshing and helped cool the rooms. The furniture was covered in French jacquard fabric. There were silk pillows and wool rugs. It looked more like the home of successful businessman instead of a brothel.
John felt Sherlock’s body try and milk him. He grabbed Sherlock’s hips hard. Finger size bruises formed on the pale white skin as John shoved up into the omega over and over again. Sherlock moaned and collapsed forward, smearing the cum between them. John growled and rolled the two of them. Sherlock yelped as the knot pulled against his sensitive opening. John started thrusting harder into the man. Going from deep to deeper.
John landed firmly on the opposite side and kept running. He followed the omega down a metal staircase and back to the street. Instead of chasing after Sherlock, John started running with him as they pursued the taxi. They ran down alleys and across streets until they caught up with the taxi at an intersection in Soho. Sherlock grabbed the door and opened it. He looked at the passenger.
“Don’t worry?! You got kicked in the gut, Sherlock. You could have internal injuries. Your liver or spleen could be damaged. We need to get you checked out.”
“He was my friend, Sherlock . . . he gave me a chance when no one else thought I was worth anything. He was my commander and friend and . . . please Sherlock . . . I can’t talk about him anymore.”
The three men lifted the heavy plank into place, then Sherlock braced his feet on it and pushed it into place. He leaned back into the rope and increased the pressure he was placing on it with his feet. John and Blackwood began hammering. The plank held.
Mycroft glanced away from Sherlock, relieved that his younger brother was not watching him. He didn’t believe he could conceal the lie from him.
Victor screamed and told him to get off. The blond was hurting him. Victor turned his head to see Jim sitting in a chair, watching. Jim was smiling as the blond wrapped his fingers around Victor’s neck before entering his body.
“He wouldn’t. He’s an idiot.” Sherlock held up a photo. “Look here. See this burn pattern on the paint. Thermite. Military grade. These were highly trained individuals. And look at how it was planned out. Military precision. Everything down to the second. They knew what they were doing. They controlled the guards completely. They controlled the scene. No one in or out while they worked. They were accustom to handling explosives and weapons. Knew how to limit movement of civilians without issue.”
Roylott’s crew had noticed their captain was captured. Slowly, they had been dropping their weapons and surrendering to the crew of the Morstan.
“Spilsbury? Not the normal bedtime reading material.” John knew the name of the famous doctor. Bernard Spilsbury had been the forensic pathologist for some of England’s most infamous crimes.
“Got him too. There is also the couple, male and female, sitting on the bench.” Said the ginger haired beta named McMillian. He pointed to a spot on the map.
“Yes, you do tend to like the personal touch. All the more reason you should let me handle these inconveniences.”
“She did not have a stroke. I insist on a forensic autopsy to be performed at St. Bart’s.” Mycroft said sternly.
The Humvee John skidded to a stop. But before it stopped moving, John was jumping from the open passenger’s side door. There was a crackle of gunfire around John. Gravel and dust jumped up from the road and into John’s face, but he didn’t stop. He ran straight for the upside-down Humvee. More gunfire and he heard the men in the second vehicle shouting.
“I would not mention that man’s name otherwise. Now I must ask you to leave. The longer you are here the more likely the information we get back to Magnussen. And I for one do not wish to make his acquaintance.” Irene said.
John listened to the rain and thought about Sherlock. He remembered how much he enjoyed making love to Sherlock while the rain pattered on the windows. The soft drumming of the droplets as the two would tangle themselves in the warm sheets of their bed. John loved to be passionate with Sherlock in the late afternoons. When they were guaranteed privacy from the interruption of the day. Afterwards, he would lay with his head on Sherlock’s chest as watch the rain drops slide down the glass, giving the world beyond their insulated nest an abstract appearance. Separating them from the outside. All that really mattered was what was happening in that small bedroom and between those two lovers.
The men around them laughed. And James could see the twinkle in John’s deep blue eyes. James’ smile broaden.
“I’m sure I do not know what you are talking about. But please keep speaking. Your voice is so . . . alluring.” Magnussen leaned closer to the omega.
John twisted away from the omega and shoved his hands back into the sudsy water he was washing the dishes in.
Lestrade held out his warrant card and properly introduced himself. “Detective Greg Lestrade, this is Police Constable White. Are you familiar with a man named James Moriarty?”
Culverton Smith smiled malevolently. He drew his finger down her unbandage arm. His eyes darkened when he noticed the rise of goosebumps on the woman’s arm to his touch. He could feel the growth of heat within himself. He was going to enjoy the next few minutes immensely.
Later, John and Sherlock were headed to Belgrave Square. Sherlock order the taxi to stop and the tall man pulled the good doctor from the vehicle. He pulled John down the narrow alley of Belgrave Mews. They didn’t notice the blonde man following them. They missed him sneaking into the shadows behind some cars.
“You know the requirements of your independence, Sherlock. You are to remain clean and in school. My spies have told me you miss every one of your lectures this week.”
“Are you trying to get yourself killed?” John growled as he pulled the younger man up and out of the room.
Neither Blackwood nor McMath looked back at the sinking ships. They considered it bad luck. And they knew with John injured and Sholto dead, they would need all the luck they could get.
The raised area only had a table and chair. Sherlock’s laptop was placed on the table facing a wall placard with newspaper clippings and printed internet stories. There was a map of London in the center of the collage with stings radiating out to the various clippings.
“I’m here to tell you that Victor was released from custody,” Mycroft said. His demeanor shifting from ridiculing to concern with a single alteration in where he was looking.
“It was an ambush. Six Nine Two Charlie Alpha was patrolling north of the river and they were trapped. The insurgents have rocket launchers. Took out the chopper that was supposed to be picking up the squad.”
“John said you can’t sleep for eight hours. I’m here to keep you awake.” Greg said as he grabbed a pile of newspapers off the ratty couch to sit down.
“You know, I’m restoring an Armstrong MT500. It doesn’t have its front wheel on it right now, but I could get one of the department bikes and we could take a ride on it.”
The man was furious. He threw the crystal brandy snifter across the room. The glass shattered as brown liquid stained the wall and carpet.
John let go of Sherlock’s hands. He moved lower over the omega’s body. Removing the rest of Sherlock’s clothes, he gave each inch of skin that passed underneath him his attention. He kissed or lick the pale flesh. Sometimes he bit or rubbed his nose across the skin until he received a response. Cataloging everything that Sherlock liked and everything that caused the unusual omega to gasp or plead. By the time John reached Sherlock’s groin, the omega’s body was blooming with petal pink love bites and bruises.
In the fading light, Barr’s marred back didn’t appear as horrifying. The skin was healed but forever scarred. Sherlock gave Barr a passing stare as he walked by the man.
Mycroft had seen the CCTV of the murder in Borough Market. He watched as his brother and the former soldier, John Watson, argue with Magnussen. He watched as Magnussen was shot. Although John Watson hadn’t pulled the trigger, Mycroft was positive the ex-soldier was responsible for the man’s death. It was clearly an assassination by someone with military training. The weapon was suppressed and used subsonic ammo. As of yet, the autopsy wasn’t completed, but he was sure the weapon was a 556 rifle, specially loaded with NATO caliber, 69 grain sierra match king ammo. One of the preferred weapons of the SAS and the Commandos. Mycroft was certain that Watson knew men with the sniper training needed and the ability to get in and get out of the area without being caught.
Magnussen smiled without even moving his mouth. There was twitch to his cheek muscles and glint in his eyes. A subtle shift in his expression.
Mycroft hesitated. He thought it might be unwise to be waiting around for a possible assignation if the hotel staff knew he was here. Then again, he was an adult alpha without any mate waiting for him at home. He was beyond reproach in his reputation. He stepped further into the room.
Frankie went behind the bar and turned on some switches. The lighting under the bar came on as Frankie started to fill a carafe with water.
Sherlock couldn’t finish the sentence. He looked up to see his brother ignoring him. Mycroft was twisted ninety degrees away from him and reading something. Sherlock slowly stood and laid the photo back down on the desk. He turned and slowly walked to the closed door. With his hand on the doorknob, Sherlock tried one last appeal.
“Oh, you willingly went down on your knees for him. I hope he didn’t damage you too much.” Magnussen’s eyes moved seductively down Sherlock’s body then back up again. “It can be so . . . traumatizing the first few times.”
Sherlock looked up and down the street. He wondered how much he could tell John and how much he should keep to himself.
As a guest at the hotel, John could get into the charity event in the ballroom easier than just walking in off the street. That was why he had a room in the Langham. And that was where he had dragged Sherlock to after he had broken the shoulder of Archibald Rampant.
Sherlock threw his arms around his mate. Together they pull each other tight to one another. Chest to hip to knees, they touched.
“Stop! What do you think you are doing? And what did you mean ‘staged’!?” Dimmit rushed forward to grab the evidence out of Sherlock’s hands.
“Of course he knows,” Sherlock snapped. He stood up, gracefully unfolding his long legs. “Now, explain to us why John’s timeline for yesterday is so important to the investigation of an assault that took place the night before.”
“I always take out new recruits so they don’t get themselves killed on their first day.” He said patronizingly at John. “We leave at zero-five-thirty. Be ready.”
Sherlock didn’t answer John. He stood up straight groaning as he did so. He stared at Dimmock wanting an answer.
“No . . . when I am ready. When I can look at you and not want to punch you in the face, then we will talk. You will explain.”
“I can’t afford any more distractions. I must give all my strength to saving the king and queen It is time that Sherlock Holmes is killed.” Mycroft said somberly. Then he glanced at the covered box. “Get that repulsive thing out of here!”
The driver hadn’t even stopped the car before John had the door open. He shoved a twenty pound note through the money slot for a seventeen pound ride and leaped out onto the tarmac. John glanced at the two buildings then rushed over to the one on the right. The door was unlocked and John thanked his luck he had picked the correct building.
“Uhr . . . no” John mumbled. “No.” He said firmer. “Babcock wait! Don’t! Please no! Underwood, you bastard!” John was shouting.
John stared into Frankie’s face, looking for any sign of deception. There was none. James was dead because of a chance meeting. John was not to blame. He leaned back in his chair and took a moment to regain his composure.
He had allowed Moriarty to bring him to this house in Elephant and Castle. It was a boring unit in the middle of a boring section house, filled with boring people. If Sherlock hadn’t been frightened for John, he would have been screaming to get out.
“Yes, I play it when I’m thinking and I don’t talk for days. Victor appreciated that but hated the violin. I think roommates should know the worse about each other before they move in together. Are you attached to that couch?” Sherlock rattled off quickly.
Mycroft Holmes had immediately gone to Westminster when he arrived in London. He spent several hours in discussions with several members of Parliament before finally deciding to return to his townhouse near Kensington. Wanting nothing more than to rest and replenish himself in his own home. But Sir Henry Knight had insisted on escorting Holmes.
“You were only a dalliance, John. I’m done now, through with you. Leave John, I never want to see you again.” Sherlock walked passed John and collapsed on the couch. Within seconds, Sherlock was snoring softly.
The two Holmes walked out of the hospital room, Sherlock leading the way and ignoring his older brother.
“I believe bonding would be beneficial for both of us.” Sherlock ignored John’s complaint as he twisted gracefully to sit up on the edge of the sofa.
The older Holmes glared at the back of Sherlock’s head. He stepped further into the room and twisted so his attention was on Sherlock.
The car pulled away from the kerb and out into traffic. Immediately, lights began flashing in the grill. Moran stood on the pavement and watched as John drove away. He knew what he was going to do. He had a plan, now.
He looked and her bedroom door was open. John quickly went down the hall and looked inside. The room was empty. He checked the wardrobe. All of her clothes were gone. She left the flat while he was taking care of Sherlock.
“He was aiming at you but James jumped in front of you. The bullet passed  through James and into you.”
Thank you for your comments and kudos. The story is almost over. Just a few more chapters. I hope you will continue to read it.
“Hold on, mate! What the fuck . . .” John tried to shift and stop the new boy from pinching anything. He grabbed the new boy’s wrist.
“The Venn diagram that includes Moriarty, Victor, Sholto and John is incredibly small. I’m not even included in it. The only person besides John is you, Frankie. You knew Moriarty and Victor. You bought and sold drugs from them here in your club. And John worked here as a barman. And Major James Sholto was murdered in here.”
“And you believe you are his better and able to give him that training?” Mycroft felt physically sick. He needed to vomit.
“Yes, it bloody well is.” John snapped. He glared at Sherlock waiting for another remark, but none came. “He said he was sent to seduce me.”
“We know. It is obvious that you were fighting for your life.” Greg said nodding reassuringly to John. He stepped closer and asked quietly. “Whose gun was it?”
Sherlock suddenly looked very young as he pouted and the first tear slipped down his face. He shook his head no; his dark curls shifting and moving with the shake. Mycroft knew that Sherlock didn’t trust his own voice now. He continued.
“Everything? Or just what my overbearing brother wants? I’m going to find out who is the threat here. And once that is neutralized, we will return to England and deal with Mycroft and his cronies.” Sherlock announced.
“Mycroft you are an idiot.” Sherlock snapped. “If it is your expectation to serve the Queen and country, whatever name you have decided to call it, it would be in your best interest to allow me to remain dead.”
“Studies show that omegas should not be on suppressants for prolong times. As best as I can assess you’ve been on them for at least five years, if you didn’t take them while you were training to become a doctor.”
The taxi pulled over some distance from the crime scene. The dark street had been cordoned off with the blue and white police tape. It had rained earlier in the evening and the red and blue lights from several panda cars reflected back. The stark glare drained the color from the faces of small crowd of gawkers lined up to watch. John slipped into the crowd and watched as investigators in blue coveralls walked in and out of the abandoned building.
“Of course. Obviously it is too soon for you to consider looking for another bond-mate but there are avenues I could direct you to for temporary company.”
“Sherlock is not like other omegas. Honestly, he’s not like anyone else I know. He doesn’t understand . . . normal relationships. Alpha-omega relationships.”
John smiled softly. “Yeah . . . I like guys.” John then frowned. “Even had a boyfriend once, but I’m not looking right now.”
John was reaching for his phone when he noticed the empty taxi parked in front of two different buildings on campus. John knocked the plexi-glass divider between himself and the driver.
Mike quickly wrapped dry bandages around the wet ones. “I’ll change these tomorrow. In a day or two you won’t even feel it anymore. John’s concoctions helps prevent scars too.”
“That’s not how you said it was done. You told me that bites other than the scent gland don’t count.” Sherlock’s voice was muted as he hid his face in his folded arms. He could feel a warm flooding his cheeks
McMath fired his cannons one more time. He had loaded them with grapeshot. The small projectiles tore through the decks of the Speckled Band, killing anyone who was standing there.
John didn’t want to have this conversation. He didn’t want to ruin everything they had started to build together. Destroy his future just as it seems possible.
He was just about drop it back into the box of salt when he noticed the corner of the paper buried in the salt. Using his thumb and index finger he gingerly pulled the note from under the salt. He dropped the hand back down in the box and replaced the lid.
John’s hand slipped off the gun and returned to his boot. With both hands, John pulled on the leather and yanked the combat boot on over his foot. He grunted as he laced the boot up.
Sherlock remembered the man with the flaming red hair and the sprinkling of freckles across fair skin.
The ache grew in his chest. It was so much more painful than before because he had prophesized John’s future. John was a hero, the bravest man Sherlock knew. And John had been hurt, not just by Sherlock but by the world. Sherlock had sacrificed so much and it didn’t stop John from being shot. His plans didn’t save John Watson. It would have been better for the man if Sherlock had never met him in that bathroom in the first place. If they had never kissed. If he had never pursued John.
“Victor Trevor had beaten and raped Lenard Wilderbrant. He was abusive to Sherlock. Broke his arm. And no one believed us. Trevor was allowed to go free.”
Sherlock followed him through the market but stayed on the south side of Charterhouse and watched John through the windows of the café. John had walked in and went right up to the counter. He said something to the woman behind the counter then turned around and went to sit down with another man at a small table. The blonde man waiting for John leaned forward and gave John a quick kiss before anyone else in the café noticed.
“No, he and the soldier just glanced at each other. Didn’t even say bloody word. But Jim’s bodyguard. Your friend saw ‘im and he when crazy. He grabbed ‘im and said he ‘ad been look’n for ‘im. Sebastian Moran.”
The two alphas were growling at each other. At any minute they were going to start to fight. John needed help. He needed to get to hospital.
Blackwood and Cullen were coming up from the lower decks of the Speckled Band when Sherlock jumped onto the deck of the sinking ship.
“No, not years. Mycroft would have been able to eliminate any evidence of treason if it was years ago. Even several months ago. It had to be recent. In the last . . . let’s say six months if we assume that Mycroft was negligent.”
Sherlock soaked the flannel again and started to wipe it across his chest. The water skimming down his torso. He stood naked in the room and was lost in his thoughts when the door opened and John walked in.
“You keep up! I’m not sending my child off to some snotty posh school! I will raise my own pup! I’ll take them anywhere I want . . . including crime scenes!”
“A false police report!” Greg collapsed back into the chair. “After all the hours I’ve spent on this case and all the crap I’ve had to take, he’ll only get a slap on the wrist! No way, I’ll figure out some way of putting him in jail for the rest of his life.”
John was confused. He didn’t have a solicitor. He hadn’t asked for one. He realized that was a mistake now. He shouldn’t be talking to the police detective without one.
“Come in before she decides to call the cops anyway. I have started a pot of coffee.” John turned and walked down the concrete steps to his open front door.
“Biology. Preventing an omega from looking for another alpha to bred them.” John was getting angry with Sherlock’s ignorance.
Mycroft held out the photo for Sherlock to see. He watched as the little color that Sherlock had in his face drained away. Sherlock grabbed the photo and looked at it. It was a black and white photo of the two of them, John and himself, walking along Victoria Embankment. It must have been recent because John was wearing the coat Sherlock had given him just last month. The two of them were glancing towards each other, smiling or laughing. It was a charming photo except for the red target that had been drawn over John’s face.
Sherlock picked up the photo that was at the very bottom of the file. It was a grain picture of a man leaving Victor’s building. Somewhere in the back of his mind he remember this photograph. The man was wearing a ballcap and the funny yellow glasses. Sherlock remembered John had said something about those glasses.
“This time I’ll let you go.” He hummed. “This time, but I will be back and then . . .” The stranger held out a small cellophane package. Sherlock could see it was ‘China White’. High quality heroin. “Next time, it will be more – intimate. Just the two of us.” The stranger smiled.
Sherlock looked at the photo. The driver was not visible but the passenger was. He was an older man with his face partially turned towards the camera. A three-quarter view. He was auburn haired and the burns on the left side of his face were barely visible. Sherlock knew the face. He had seen it in the tunnel the night he had rescued John and his friend from the Black Lotus.
“I never beg and the only thing I would ever want from you is your annihilation.” Sherlock stepped forward.
“No,” John snapped back. “Like you said, there was someone else in the alley. He was following you.”
“You’ve pulled a stitch.” John said plainly. “But it doesn’t matter. It will scar worse than I wanted but it’s not like the first scar you’ve gotten.” John quickly glanced over at Sherlock. He saw the brief regret in Sherlock’s eyes and knew his comment caused the pain he hoped for. “I’ll pull the rest and clean the wound. You will need to be on antibiotics for seven days. Are you allergic to anything now?”
John tightened his grip on Sherlock and sped up his strokes. Sherlock matched John’s movements as he listened to the litany of curses and praises coming from the man. Sherlock watched as John suddenly tightened the muscles in his body and thrusted his hips up into Sherlock’s hand. The warm release pouring out over his fingers.
“Your father was an enforcer for a bookie and helped extort money from local business.” Mycroft said coolly.
“They are not real circus performers. They are a front for a smuggling operation. One of their mules took something he wasn’t supposed to take and they are looking for it. Murdering anyone who could possibly have it.” Sherlock leaned back in the seat and rested his head.
John woke with a start. His heart was racing and he felt sweat breaking out over his skin. He glanced over and Sherlock was sleeping quietly in his arms. The younger man’s head was resting on John’s chest. He looked peaceful and completely at rest.
Cora handed John the file and went to grab the ringing phone. “A and E,” she nearly shouted as her accent became stronger.
“Welcome back to the battle, Captain Watson. Welcome back and this time we will win.”  Mycroft said smiling.
“James, we’re not going to do anything blind. We’re not stupid enough to trust others to protect us.”
There was a knock and Mycroft’s butler entered the room. “Lord Holmes, there is a Captain Lestrade of his majesty’s royal navy, here to see you.”
“I know what you did, James. I just don’t know why. Was this all it took to betray me? Thirty pieces of silver?”
Culverton Smith’s face darkened as his skin flushed red with anger. He squeezed his fists together and took a menacing step closer to the bed.
“Well, fear not Mycroft. I am no longer in love with Victor. I will not allow him to harm me again.” Sherlock stated emphatically.
The man stepped back and folded his hands in front of himself. He stared ahead of himself, ignoring John’s questions. John stared at him, confused.
“Okay. But it is still not Egypt and I don’t think someone who is sick enough to be seen in hospital for a parasitic infection would be allowed to board an airplane to get here in the first place.” John said as he walked down the hall, trying as hard as he could to walk normally.
Sherlock had been absent from John’s life when he started dating the third girlfriend, Jeanette. The break up was Sherlock’s fault again even though he wasn’t around for it. John had just introduced the two and Sherlock looked her over with laser sharp eyes. He opened his mouth to make a pronouncement when John glared at him and told him to shut it. Sherlock returned John’s glance then held out his hand and shook Jeanette’s.
Mycroft rolled his eyes and sighed dramatically. “Not you, dear brother. Me. I’m on the assassin’s list.”
The woman in John’s arm shifted and hummed. She turned her face up at him and gave him a crooked smile.
The omega’s face was lined with worry and he could see the dark smear under each eye. John wasn’t getting enough rest. Something had been bothering the young omega. Moran thought he knew what it was. He growled silently at Holmes. But the more John talked the more the omega relaxed and eased back into the man Moran had known in Afghanistan. He wanted to keep John just like this. Just like what he was.
Moran was shocked by the assault. For a hesitant moment he almost attacked Moriarty for hitting the omega.
“You are not so stupid to make that accusation again. You should thank John. If he hadn’t saved me from Rampant, then I wouldn’t have been able to rescue you from the police today.” Sherlock said. He cocked his head slightly to the side and smiled. “So how did you enjoy your first urine drug test? Having to piss in front of a total stranger is such a rewarding experience don’t you think?”
The men of the base began to consider John Watson their good luck charm. They preferred having John on patrol with them. Teasing the omega by rubbing his blonde hair as ritual to insure safety. John protested but never retaliated against the men.
The accountant gasped and leaped up from his chair. He stared down at the lifeless body of the attorney. Culverton Smith simply smiled and took another sip of Champagne.
It had been a week since Sherlock and John had discussed bonding. John still was unsure how the whole conversation had gone since he was out while Sherlock had most of it. John wasn’t sure what to expect, but no bouquets of flowers appeared. No unusual gifts or surprises. Not even shopping bags full of groceries. Apparently, Sherlock’s version of courting was not John’s.
Moriarty laughed. “I don’t think you get a vote in it, Johnny Boy. It is obvious that dear little old Tiger has a thing for his pet doctor. Probably has for a while.”
“How does a bloke as skinny as you have such a plush arse?” John asked as he kissed Sherlock’s shoulder. His teeth lightly grazing before his tongue smoothed over the skin.
The sun light was coming in through the windows of John’s hotel room. He shifted in the bed only to find himself pinned by the omega who was presently wrapped around him like an octopus. John smiled as he looked down at the dark curls that were snug against the crease of his shoulder. Their scents mingling and smell of sex was still heavy in the air.
The clerk ignored John. John turned another person behind the desk. “Excuse me, I’m looking for Sherlock Holmes. I was told he was here.”
John had decide fate was out to get him. The mysterious force of the universe hated him. He knew that as a fact when he opened his front door. Two uniformed PC’s were standing there, informing him, he needed to accompany them to headquarters.
“I am indebted to the Holmes. Have been for most of my life. If I am able to encourage a public disagreement between the two of them . . . question his reputation and position, how can I not intervene?”
“I’m . . . it wasn’t . . .” John said tripping over his words. Sherlock smiled wickedly. John opened his eyes again and stared up at Sherlock. “You’re angel . . .”
Sherlock glanced down at his hand and seemed to recognize the bottle in his hand. He dropped it and broke again hitting the bare floor.
That was a complication that Greg didn’t need at this time. He was climbing through the ranks of Scotland Yard and he didn’t need it known that he was living with the likes of someone like Mycroft Holmes. Homosexuality was easily accepted by the rank and file, but the executive staff of Scotland Yard still took a dim view of it. Add on top of that the rumors of Mycroft’s association with criminal elements, regardless what Greg thought of them, and Greg could see his future with the Metropolitan Police drying up and blowing away.
“Leave, Mycroft,” Sherlock said as he stood up. He winced as he stepped closer to his brother. “We don’t want you here.”
“I am unable to prevent other people from breaking the law . . . but I will assure you, I will not instigate or retaliate any injurious actions.”
Moran’s watery grey eyes watched as Watson’s deep blue eyes lightened and seemed to smile more than his face.
John pressed Sherlock backwards until the taller man fell back onto the bunk. John stalked across the bed towards Sherlock. Sherlock’s eyes fixed on the swollen member between John’s legs. He licked his lips in anticipation of tasting it. But John had other ideas.
“Yes, prevented the Detective Inspector from interviewing you and provide you with an alibi for the shooting in Dockland.”
“You only clean up when you are nervous.” John glanced down at the teacup with its cold brown contents.
He took a deep breath and leaned his back against the door. John didn’t need this to happen. He needed Harry to keep working so they could have a place to live. John didn’t make enough money at his job to keep the flat. If he got a full-time job, he would have less time to study for school. If his grades dropped then he might have to quit rugby, but if he quit rugby, then he would lose his scholarship. It seemed his life was cascading out of control.
“It was obvious, Captain Watson. Yes, Underwood was a Commander in the English navy but he was never given more than a signal ship to command. His record was spotted with innuendos and recommendations that were undercut with faint praise. Compared to your record, his was questionable. When it was time for you to be questioned about the sinking of the Mawand, you purposefully left so that you would not perjury yourself. Why? Because you are an honest man and you would have told the truth about what had happened on the ship. Everyone knew that Underwood had sailed the ship into the Dutch forces. It was a forgone conclusion he was responsible for its sinking, therefore there had to be another reason you didn’t wish to testify. Obvious reason, you knew who was responsible for Underwood’s death. If you were a shallow man – a man only interested in saving yourself, you wouldn’t have risked your life in saving as many of your crew as you did. If you were a pompous man, those you saved wouldn’t have followed you when you left. They left with you because they knew you would defend them. Protect them. Therefore it was you who killed the cruel commander.”
Greg paused for a moment but refused to turn around and look at the man. He pulled his shoulders back and continued to walk out of the room. He left the door open as he left. Leaving Mycroft alone in his expensive suite.
“Call me if anything changes, John. I’m on a full retainer so I am available to you day or night.” Isabella said as she reached for another card and handed it to Sherlock.
“Yes, this will do nicely. He might even live for a short time to suffer the pain of crashing into the pavement below.”
“Time to go. Get the men to the boat.” John said softly to not wake up too many of the employees of the brothel.
John’s eyes followed the direction but all he saw were more Quonset huts and antennae. A helicopter flew low over the base then turned to the northeast.
“First, you are going to have to let me come to this in my own time. I’m going to need a little time to adjust to the idea of letting you put . . . ah . . .” John actually blushed and Sherlock found it adorable. “You know what I mean. Second, I want both of us to get tested first. I think we should use condoms but it is still a good idea to be sure. And finally, you can’t ever do anything this stupid again. No drugs. No scaring the crap out of me.”
“If I had shot him, John, I wouldn’t be worried about him contacting you. He would be dead.” Sherlock answered sincerely. It hurt even more to know John seemed to be more concerned with Moran’s safety than his own.
“No.” Sherlock said. He closed his eyes and seemed to relished the sensation of John’s fingertips massaging his scalp. “Why are you using a cane?”
Moriarty laughed again. “I think you could be useful. I have my fingers in so many pies, I need someone who could help burden the load with me. Help organize little things like armored car robberies. We seem to share similar opinions about certain people.”
John grabbed his breeches and put them on. Then he went to the bench seat under the window. He lifted up the cushion then the wooden seat itself. Underneath was a hidden compartment built into the bench.
John blocked the knife with the barrel of the gun, but the shoulder-strap limited movement with the gun. John also was at a disadvantage crouching down on his heels. The man towered over John and could use his weight to push the knife pass the waving gun. The man grabbed the end of the barrel with his free hand and yanked it up and out of way. He plunged forward again, aiming the knife for John’s chest.
“What are you doing here, Mycroft,” Sherlock asked standing in front of his brother. John by his side.
John stared at the man for moment. He could see something hiding in Moriarty’s dark eyes. A flash of emotion that John had never seen before. He didn’t know what it was but it frightened him more than the blank cold dark brown eyes he remembered from the pool. Slowly John dressed, trying to maintain some modesty with the other alphas watching him. He felt like he was on display and he wondered if this was the beginning of another horrible game with Moriarty.
Sherlock turned on his heels and walked out of the bathroom. A smug smile on his face as he was escorted out by the two men.
“Sherlock, I don’t understand. Why would your brother force you to bond with someone you hate? What would that accomplish?”
“No. James got promoted and moved out. I was moved up. He was sent out on a patrol with some raw recruits. Normal training, nothing unusual in it, but they were ambushed. Most of the men were killed. James barely got out of it alive. He dragged two men back after he, himself had been burned.” John picked up the coffee mug and looked down at the dregs in the bottom of it. He hesitated wondering if he should ask for more. Instead, he set it down and looked back at Sherlock who seemed transfixed by him. “I was shot while on patrol in Helmand Province. Sniper. We were in a firefight. Pinned down. McMillian got shot in the leg. Hanson’s gun was hit. I was shot in the shoulder. Blackwood, who you haven’t met, he was able to get a chopper in. Bill Murry threw me over his shoulder and carried me out as we were getting shot at. That’s the only time I thought I was going to die. That run to the chopper. I couldn’t do anything but bleed down Murry’s back. I remember watching his boots as he ran thinking if he trips, we are both dead. But . . . he made it and saved my life. I developed enteric fever, and was shipped out a month later to Germany. James was still at that hospital when I arrived. I woke up after a surgery and he was sitting next to my bed. We were discharged together.”
“Yeah, just hate being still. Wondering when we can start planning the next job.” John said as he reached for this cup of cooled coffee. He took a sip then grimaced. He pushed himself out of the chair and went into the small utility kitchen. Pouring the coffee into the sink, he rinsed the cup and set it on the drain rack.
John looked at the last message and wondered what Sherlock meant by that. He smiled figuring he had probably already earned it by not throttling the man every time he deserved it. John made a new cup of Sherlock’s tea and ate five cookies. He decided he deserved them.
“I don’t care. I’m not going.” Sherlock rolled over onto his opposite side. Showing his back to his brother.
“It’s you, isn’t it? You look just like her.” Violet narrowed her eyes at the man. Her voice took on a hardness they hadn’t heard before.
“He controls drugs, he doesn’t use them. Drug use is too pedestrian for Mycroft. Too beneath him. Also he wants me to join him in his business. Work together and rule England. He can’t afford to have his younger brother vulnerable to manipulation.”
John turned to the nurse. “Order a CBC, electrolytes and illicit drugs panel.” He turned back to Sherlock. “And how long
Mycroft moved and quickly put on his coat. “I want the name of his attending physicians by the time I get there.”
But it was a big deal to James. He did care. He wanted John, but not this John. This cold and unfeeling John.
“You can not deny what you did was what was best?” Mycroft asked hoping that Sherlock would realize there was no other option.
Victor twisted his head to look up. Jim was standing over him. His hands were crossed over his chest.
“God, do you know how long I’ve wanted to get my hands in your hair?” John rumbled next to Sherlock’s lips.
“He will take what he wants and leave you afterwards. He has no other interest in you but adding to list of conquests. Sherlock, in your own best interest, you really should break this off sooner rather than later. It’s all in that file I gave you, if you only had taken the time to read it for yourself.”
Greg and John glanced back and forth between Sherlock and themselves. Greg finished his beer and held the bottle up towards John.
“I know. I just didn’t want you alone with Dimmit. He doesn’t like you and is wanting to convict you of Victor’s death. If he can use Sholto to do, he will.”
“Exactly. Someone easily manipulated. If James returns, Parliament is done for. Everything will depend solely on the king. And whomever is operating in the shadows can manipulate James into giving them whatever they want. Even the country if they are clever enough.”
“You have no idea. He found me in an incapacitated state once. It was all very dramatic. He said if he ever caught me using again he would ship me off to rehab. Maybe even set up a conservatorship and take away all of my independence.”
John nearly dropped the file. His mouth hung open as he stopped and stared at Sherlock. Sherlock’s eyes scanned over John’s face then moved quickly down his body. Pausing for moment on the cane, before racing back up to John’s face.
“There is no hospital here. The idea of sterile conditions for surgery here is impossible. I need soldiers. What the hell am I going to do with a doctor.” Colonel Bennet cursed.
The rhythmic drumming of a helicopter rose as James turned to see the John with a rifle still at his shoulder move around the wrecked truck and out towards the field. Several men followed him. The helicopter landed and the men set up a defensive perimeter around it. The doors opened and three soldiers rushed over to James and the other injured man.
John dried his hands on the dishtowel then tossed it on the counter behind him. A lewd smile came to his face as he slowly circled around the table and up behind Sherlock’s chair. The omega was fixated on something on the computer screen and not paying any attention to John or his movements. John stepped up behind Sherlock and caught a hint of Sherlock’s scent. It was warm and sweet like vanilla mixed with apples. It made John’s mouth water.
Together the men walked to the river and washed as much of the mud off as they could. The relaxed and the unrestricted behavior continued. John stripped down naked and jumped into the river, washing himself in the cool muddy water. James stood on the bank and watched. A spike of lust settling inside him. He watched as John swam around then climbed back up on the bank.
The woman’s condescending tone and pats to his head, like he was a dog, set Sherlock’s teeth on edge. He gave her a once over glance and was about to launch into a slew of humiliating deductions when a grey haired police officer approached.
“He was more like an acquaintance instead of a close friend, but it was obvious to several people that he was attracted to me. Before you ask, it was not reciprocated. I have a thing for tall insane genius. So no, I didn’t have a relationship with Wilderbrant but I considered him a friend of sorts. And Victor made sure I saw him with Wilderbrant.”
“Doctor Watson, there is a call for you on line two. Said it was one of your patients but I don’t recognize the name.”
“Don’t be.” Sherlock sat up and wrapped himself around John’s back. “I would expect you to react that way if you were startled.”
“John, I’m wearing a blanket. Why am I wearing a blanket?” The irritated man shrugged the blanket off and just as quickly, the EMT replaced it on his shoulders.
Blackwood saw the man and then noticed the bloody knife laying in the dirt. He glanced at John’s rifle and noticed it was empty.
He wanted to reach out and touch John. He wanted to see if John still had the softest hair he ever dragged his fingers through. He wanted to know if John was still ticklish in that one spot on his neck. If John still smelled of tea and Sunday mornings lying in bed together.
. . I need ‘ims.” Sherlock was weaving terrible and having a difficult time standing. His eyes were bloodshot and it seemed his lips couldn’t form the words he needed to say.
Sherlock slammed his mouth shut with an audible snap. A sulk remained on his face though. He hated being stopped in mid-deduction, but he realized that alienating the nursing staff would only harm John and not benefit him in any way.
“It is irrelevant now. I have been freed from the spell that Victor had me under. Although, now that I look back on it, I’m still confused how I came to be enthralled.”
Realization had sucked the air out from around him and he couldn’t breathe. John stood inside a vacuum. Sherlock was with Moriarty. Moriarty was with Moran. Moran had killed James. Moran and Moriarty would hurt Sherlock.
“She didn’t steal your husband! He fled from you to her!” Moriarty threw the picture and frame across the room, over Violet’s head. The woman didn’t even flinch. It shattered on the river stone fireplace.
John nodded and went up to the tap. He opened it and allowed two seconds of beer to run out. Then he set the glass at a forty-five-degree angle and let the beer slide down the interior of the glass. Slowly moving the glass to vertical as it filled. He set the perfectly pulled pint on the counter in front of Frankie.
“Detective Inspector Dimmit, CID. There was a report of a disturbance in these rooms.” The man in the cheap suit said.
Victor took another long drag on the cigarette before speaking. “Oh, by the way . . . your brother, ‘Fatcroft’ was here with his goons. They searched your bedroom and the flat.”
Queen Mary lightly patted his hand and cooed softly at him. “Do worry my dear. Kensington will soon be built and we will move away from the river. It will be much more pleasant.”
Sherlock was waiting for John by the doors to the morgue. He seemed to be nervous and pacing back and forth. When he saw John walking up, he seemed relieved.
“Sangin, Sangin, this is six nine two requesting aerial assistance at location.” It was James Sholto’s voice on the radio.
“Don’t – don’t call me that. Not now – unless you don’t want this. You don’t want to know exactly how I feel and what I want from you.”
“The plants on the balcony. They are medicinal plants. Foxglove, lavender, aloe vera. I grow them for producing salves and powders.” John stepped closer and looked out at his tiny garden.
“He first denied knowing Moriarty, but he slipped up. He called him Jim. I never told him the man’s first name. He said you went to his pub and shot the place up.”
John opened his eyes to see Sherlock staring at him. The intensity of Sherlock’s gaze burned him. He blushed deeper and looked away. Sherlock’s hand cupped his face and moved his eyes back.
Moriarty smiled. “That would be a lovely idea, but I don’t think so. Just nab the bitch and send him off to the brothel.” Moriarty waved his hand dismissing the idea.
“They keep putting this blanket on me. Why do they keep putting a blanket on me?” Sherlock rose and tossed the blanket off again.
John woke with a start. Something was wrong. He knew something was wrong, but he couldn’t identify it. The whole situation made worse by the fact he was only dressed in his pants and vest. He felt exposed. John laid on the couch waiting for his senses to tell him why had woken up so suddenly. He listened but didn’t hear anything unusual. Slowly he rolled over and glanced around. Nothing looked different from the previous night when he fell asleep. He rolled the rest of the way over and saw what had apparently woken him up.
“Yes, just a minute.” John wrote down a comment on the patient’s record and then set it back on the hook by the patient’s bed. He quickly turned and went over to Humphrey.
“The sooner you sew up my leg the sooner you can return to your boring little life.” The contempt in Sherlock’s voice was barely contained.
“He caught me searching their dressing room behind the curtain. I found the same kind of paint that was used to write the cyphers.”
The March winds were blowing cold up the Thames. Every fireplace in Whitehall was blazing but the fires failed to chase the cold from the rooms. The man sat with a plaid shawl wrapped round his shoulders. He was reading the latest dispatch. He smiled as he looked over the top of the paper at Sir Sebastian Wilkes.
The punch was fast and quick. John’s fist connected with Mycroft’s face before anyone saw him move. Mycroft’s head snapped sideways as blood spewed from his nose. Mycroft stumbled backwards and fell into Sherlock’s chair. His legs and arms splayed out to the side. He looked like a gangly starfish with a bloody nose.
He marched down the hall to the sound of an argument. He saw two orderlies standing next to a man in white doctor’s coat and Mycroft Holmes. Behind Holmes were three heavy built men who could only be protective service.
“Don’t mind me. Please . . . proceed.” Moriarty purred. He waved his hand over the elderly woman laying in the hospital bed.
John and Sherlock drove away before any of Mycroft’s surveillance team had the opportunity to identify them. When it was over, the members of the elite SAS team weren’t even sure what had happened.
The dark haired boy returned to John’s lips and let John’s tongue move into his mouth. The two men caressed and massaged each other. The tension that had been building and the adrenaline that carried them on for the last few hours burned through their veins like gasoline. They were starving men finally allowed to sit at a banquet.
The omega looked at suspiciously, then took it and let the alpha help him. Moran went and opened the door for John. The omega followed the taller man out into the dark hallway. Moran led John down the hallway to the bathroom. Then reached in and turned on the light for John.
Sherlock sat in the back of an ambulance with an orange blanket wrapped over his shoulders. John stood just off to the side, watching protectively as the EMT took Sherlock’s vitals.
“I was a captain in the army. And yes, I was shot. Now if you don’t mind, your friend here is the patient, not me.” John turned back to the sitting man.
Sherlock hesitated then nodded his head. “John is in school to become a doctor. If he was arrested on drug charges he would lose his scholarship and his place in the school. I had to pay Dimmock the money to keep him from falsely arresting us.”
Jim Moriarty looked at the announcement in the newspaper. This lips were pressed together in a thin line as he glared at the newsprint.
Moran dropped the nail gun then fell to his knees before falling forward. Sherlock rolled out of the way of the dead man.
Sherlock walked around the ornate table as the ship shuddered under his feet. There was groan from within the depths of the vessel but Sherlock didn’t leave. He picked up a necklace that appeared to be studded with emeralds. It had to be priceless. He wasn’t impressed.
Mycroft turned to see the stern look on the man’s face. Dimmit waved a constable to stand next to Mycroft. The constable took Mycroft by the elbow and escorted him into the second bedroom.
John lay down on top of the bigger man. He pinned Moran down as he held onto the gun. Moran growled and he tried to push John off of him.
“What are you doing in here, McMath? Shouldn’t you be on the gun deck? We went through a fight a few days ago. Are the cannons ready for another?” John growled.
John sat on the bench as he tied his trainers. His hair was spiky from the shower and his shirt clung slightly to his still damp skin.
“He sat in on my anatomy class again. Thompson almost had a heart attack when he saw Sherlock there again. I don’t know . . . he just came home with me.” John said as he placed a piece of ham on the buttered bread. “Sherlock, you want a sandwich?”
Sherlock stood up and glared at his brother. “I want you to call your solicitor first, then I will go home with you. But don’t imagine for one moment I won’t be on my guard for any type of kidnapping or coercion on your part. If you even think about it, I will return here immediately.”
John turned the wheel and steered the Morstan to veer towards the stern of the Appledore. They would circle around the ship and come up on the opposite side of it.
Sherlock had already turned and was opening the front door of his build. His hands shook as he unlocked the door to his flat.
John looked through the spyglass again. He scanned over the decks of the British ship. It would soon be overwhelmed and at peril from Roylott and his murderous crew.
John stepped into the dingy kitchen. The smell of grease and fried food hung heavy in the air. A bin of trash laid overflowing in the corner. Dirty dishes were stacked in the sink. John listened but didn’t hear any sounds in the house. Either the owners were out or asleep upstairs. He removed the gun from the back of his waistband and moved through the house looking for the stairs.
“Sherlock, you don’t want to fall asleep with that condom on you.” John teased but the man didn’t shift to remove it.
He was still wearing the hospital gown they had changed him into after William was born. William! John quickly looked around the room but his son was not in there with him. He tossed the covers off his legs and tried to stand. His legs quickly gave out underneath him and he crashed to the floor. His head was pounding. He thought he was going to throw up.
John stood up and went to his wardrobe. He stripped out of the clothes he was wearing and grabbed a black jumper and a pair of black jeans. He found his old combat boots and put them on. He slipped the Sig into the waistband of his jeans, at the small of his back. Then he put on a different coat than the one he had been seen in by the police.
John watched as the dark-haired man turned and walked away. John’s eyes lingered on the man’s naked body. Suddenly, John realized he had made a mistake. He looked just a moment too long. His body started to react to the image of the man’s body. The smooth skin taut over muscle and bone. He could feel a stirring a desire bloom inside himself. It was something he could never allow to happen.
“I’m not investigating the assault on Lenard Wilderbrant. I’m investigating the murder of Victor Trevor.”
“Do you honestly think that your little pet is smart enough to hide from me? That he could escape?” The expression on Jim’s face turned cold and murderous.
John crawled into the back and tried to stop the bleeding of the unconscious soldier. The other two men in the backseat had started to shift and twist out of the wreckage. As soon as they were free, they joined the other soldiers who were shooting at the Taliban fighters.
The young man grabbed John by the arm and pulled him up off the couch and dragged him through the party. The music was loud and the small house was crowded with the same people John always saw at the various off campus parties. John didn’t know exactly who owned the house or who was throwing the party. Those things never really mattered to him as much as the fact that there would be beer there and he could get a free drink.
“Glad to see you made it, John.” Seb set the glass of beer down on the counter and the waitress quickly took it and left. “What can I get you?”
“Don’t think I don’t know, Seb. Your little doctor is still mine to do with as I see fit. If you make me happy, then I’ll let you keep him after this is all over and the Holmes are destroyed. You can collar him and keep him chained to the foot of your bed. But if I believe for one moment that you are deceiving me . . . I will let you watch as I carve my initials into his body before I throw him to the wolves.”
Mycroft glanced at the man who shook his head no. The guard shoved the branding iron deeper into the embers and went to the table to pick up a pair of thumbscrews.
Sherlock was shivering, and John thought it was because of his climax, then he realized, Sherlock was crying.
John’s fingers ran lightly around the edges of redden skin. “It’ll heal without a scar. Don’t worry. But Stamford has a cream that will take away any discomfort.”
“It was more than likely not Mycroft who leaked the secret. It is more likely someone else, but Mycroft didn’t stop them.”
“But we care for each other. We mean something to each other. You said you were falling for me. I want to take care of you. Keep you safe. Marry me.”
For a moment Sherlock smiled back. The two men shared something private and personal. Then Sherlock regained himself. He watched as Blackwood walked up the gangplank and back on board.
“It took you months to rid yourself of your addiction and even longer to bring yourself back to be a somewhat useful person to society.”
“I could have lost you.” John whispers. His voice tight with something merging anger, regret, and fear together.
“There were reasons for leaving the country too. To get as far away from you and your fucking brother as I could get.” John pushed the inactive button on the lift again, snarling when it didn’t work. “Now, unlock this lift and let me go!”
John hesitated and his eyes glanced away. “No . . . not exactly. I just . . . I never thought about kissing a guy before. But you . . .”
“Good.” Blackwood smiled and nodded his head. He returned his attention back to his men as Sherlock left.
A big bury man who towered over the two young men stood guard at the door. The guard’s face and thick arms were tattooed with swirls and lines drawn in black ink. The tattoo on his face was a symmetrical mask that made the man look demonic.
John wanted the man to leave. He wanted change out of the ridiculous clothes that Frankie insisted on. He wanted this to be over.
“I wouldn’t go that far.” Moriarty frowned. “Time to go. I’m sure Mycroft’s face is plaster across the news. Accused of murdering an omega in his hotel room.”
Sherlock sat in the chair, with his fingertips steeple under his chin. His eyes focused to the middle distance on nothing at all. Lost in his memories of seven years ago. A small flat above a sandwich shop. The smell of coffee and tea. Blue eyes staring at him with so much love and passion he found it hard to breath.
Spoiler for the Blind Banker. Again the best lines are from Gatiss and Moffat. Thanks for all the support and comments. Hope you enjoy this chapter.
“I heard you say murder to John. Who is dead?” Sherlock asked. He came closer. When he paused, John noticed Sherlock wavered slightly. Lestrade noticed it too.
John sighed and tipped his head slightly to the side. “We both knew this was going to happen. I need to finish my training.”
“Sherlock, what are you talking about? She was your mother. She must have cared about you.” John pleaded.
“Queen Mary wishes to speak to you as soon as it is convenient for you. I did try to explain to her that you only just returned from three years of living with the natives on some desert island.”
“Sherlock?” John stepped closer. The scent of omega anxiety filled the hospital room and drove John’s instincts into overdrive. He placed a hand on the small of Sherlock’s back and pulled the omega closer to him. “I’ve checked his medical record. It was close but he will be alright. Don’t worry, love.”
“You must think I’m an idiot if I would willingly discuss anything about Captain Watson with you.” Sherlock tried to remain indifferent towards the other man’s approach.
James pulled his hand away and John hissed. But James quickly spit in his palm and returned to John’s prick. He sped up his strokes and gave a little twist over the end. John almost shouted. He tossed his head back and it hit the dirt wall.
Moran wasn’t expecting the blow and took a step back as his jaw ached from the punch. He could taste blood in his mouth. He raised his right hand and back handed Sherlock across his face. The omega flew sideways from the hit, crashing back on to the bed.
Normally by now someone would have come forward with a need for John, but today no one was leaving their houses or coming out to speak to the British soldiers. The windows were shuttered in the small town. The only sounds were from the skinny, almost feral dogs tied on frayed ropes.
