Sherlock nodded despite understanding how empty such promises were. He thought Mycroft was about to say something more or maybe he himself ought have said something instead, but neither of them ever had the chance to do so. The door was opened again and when Mycroft failed to obey the first order to take his bag and join the crowd in the corridor, he received a painful blow from the floor guard's baton to his shoulder. And that was the last Sherlock saw of him. He was dragged out mercilessly and the door was locked again. Suddenly all the noises from the corridor seemed to dissolve into the loud sound of blood rushing in his ears.
Holmes paused as if to decide whether he wanted to reply or not. Then his posture relaxed and he resumed scrubbing the mug. "Not to the same extent, no. I'm not under a contract.
"I've told you that little hobby of yours would eventually get you in trouble. You'd be better off focusing on your master."
And he never, ever wanted to see a slave die again because of the power free human beings had over their lives. And absolutely not by his hand.
Both had disappeared by the time John made it out of the room. He passed the man named Anderson, who stood outside the room, stroking his beard. Anderson shrugged and rolled his eyes, then entered the room with his team. John limped down the stairs as quickly as he could. Neither his slave nor DI Lestrade was anywhere to be seen. In fact, the only person at the grounds floor was a slave, and she had no idea of either's location. But she stayed to help John out of the coveralls.
"With a laser sight. Check the opposite building. Ground floor, first floor. Maybe even second floor. We were close enough to the windows, but my guess is ground floor. Acclimatised to violence, military background. The shooter didn't aim to injure, he shot to kill. But he didn't shoot until my life was in danger..." Sherlock trailed off. It didn't seem probable the shooter had deliberately waited until he was in danger.
"Y-yes, mistress..?"
Slaves rarely talked of nightmares, but they all had them. Most of them practically grew up with them. He couldn't recall having them before the death of his parents, but he must have had them occasionally. Children normally did.
"No, it's okay", John said, following him to the room. "You can eat there. Two seats, plenty of room for both of us."
"Why must you defy me?" Lydia Marlowe lamented. "Do you think I want to have Hunny hurt you? What profit would I make of you if I hurt you?"
my previous owners so it's none of your business,
"Well what else were they supposed to do then? What else should they do to unwanted children?"
The cabbie's expression morphed to one of disdain and he shoved the arm away as if it were filthy. "Where's your master? Where's the
For the first week at each opportunity he ran. He ran and ran, yet each time he was caught. Each time the other slave would report it to their owners, and each time he was punished. Hunny would just spank him with whatever was at hand and tell he was lucky master wasn't home and that mistress was tutoring and thus not to be disturbed. She was right. Henry Marlowe struck hard. Hunny did, too, when Lydia Marlowe told her to. Their mistress seldom disciplined Sherlock herself –she was there to pick up the pieces. She stroked his hair and offered kind embraces, telling it was all right now. That what he had done had been wrong, but now that he had been hurt it was all forgotten. He was forgiven.
"Of course you'd work to pay for it!" John declared. "What about the taxi? How did you pay for it?"
“Good!” She nudged the man on the floor with her shoe. “Up. Get dressed.”
"But you need the–" Sherlock began insisting, only to have his master cut him off: "No, I don't. You've earned me enough already."
The slave didn’t turn to look at him. “You have a psychosomatic limp,
"Would you allow that? She's a slave," Sherlock reminded him dubiously. People generally didn't let strange slaves in their houses just like that.
"It says you've tried to escape four times."
Sherlock, who so far hadn’t said any of the sixteen remarks that had crossed his mind obeyed, albeit a bit slower than he should have. He knelt, leant his forehead against the floor and brought his hands before his head where they could be seen. No matter how many times he kowtowed, it was always humiliating. It didn’t help to be completely naked, but it was customary since the Roman Empire for a buyer to be able to fully see all parts of the potential property. He briefly entertained the idea of commenting on some of the “cosmetic errors” left on his body the woman had tactically failed to mention, but decided against it. She
"I'm glad to have met you, master Watson. Goodbye."
Tea, he thought. He could at least make tea.
London was but a dream.
"Lucky me", Sherlock sighed, but his mind was already racing. There was only one person in the world who'd pay anything in his power to own him, but neither owning him nor buying him were within his powers. M could only be Mycroft. But why offer to buy him when Mycroft was equally aware of the impossibility of his emancipation? If he was planning something, why now and what? How? He wanted to ask John how he had been approached, but John would find it suspicious.
Sherlock tripped to his own feet when Angelo threw him out of the door and onto the street. It didn't matter, it went well with the play. He took a staggering step towards the road. Angelo cursed in Italian and yelled at him to never come back. He tripped again on the curb, purposefully this time and barely missed being hit by a car. He didn't care. He was on the hunt and, god, it felt
", she stressed, "you're not a wealthy man. I am talking of the kind of sums you could live in relative comfort with for the rest of your life."
Considering what he had just heard of the said husband, John didn't know how to respond. Holmes was waiting for him at the second landing, in front of two doors. He opened one of them, showing him in. Clearly he had been to the house before.
"Why not," John shrugged. "Just make sure tonight goes well and I've no problem with you bringing your friend over. This is a one time offer, though," he clarified. "You are not allowed to bring visitors without my permission."
He still thought he ought to turn around and return the slave when they stepped out of the building. The slave followed John in silence to the bus stop, only a few paces behind him. The previous bus had just left, John could see it waiting at the traffic lights, but the next one pulled to the stop within a minute. They climbed in and just when John swiped his brand new Oyster card, an alarm went off at the doors behind him.
Holmes stood stoically, didn't even flinch when John's hand nearly touched his face. "I'm sorry, master. I never meant to humiliate you."
The woman smiled humourlessly. "Nevertheless, your slave is the reason I'm here."
Sherlock obeyed as John gently pressed the warm towel against the dried blood. Neither spoke as John cleaned his face of blood. Sherlock felt jumpy and hyper alert. John was tense, ready to snap at any given moment despite acting on his instincts as a doctor for now.
The slave lifted his eyebrow, but still said nothing. Instead he stepped to the roadside and like a miracle, a taxi stopped at his hail. He smirked at John’s astonished face and swung the door open.
Sherlock felt like sighing in annoyance. The soldier who was to become his new owner sounded puzzled: “Why do you say that?”
?" It had been voided several years ago when he'd been handed to a new owner, but it could be renewed any time. This slave started to look more and more like a real bargain. So far he had been nothing but well behaved, polite and helpful if you didn't count the cooking fiasco. John couldn't see why the handler had had such a low opinion of Holmes. The more he had read the file that described the slave's qualities and abilities the more impressed he felt. His slave was in fact well educated.
The printer had silenced seven minutes ago and John wondered if he could just go and pick the documents himself, when Ms Bruce returned with a man heeling her.
"Don't you see? Each of them died
Holmes was already halfway up the stairs.
"Explain. And you better have a bloody good explanation for bursting in here, bothering my landlady, waking me up and
"Floor, Holmes", he ordered again, but this time emphasising his point by hitting Holmes's midriff, the back of his knees and finally his back with the cane. The slave groaned in pain, collapsed on his knees and nearly hit his head to the pavement at the last blow. And still he would not properly obey the order. Instead he held his stomach and glared at John under his unruly black hair.
They’re ambling alongside the cliff edges. He hadn’t realized that. He wonders if they ran.
Now, John twists his lip against the sting on his hand, as though pained, and he is real.
John waves a hand. The movement is a little reminiscent of a drunkard, he’s so tired. After all, it is the middle of night. “‘S’your house.”
He turns away, just for a moment, and towards the direction Watson had originally approached from. He pulls up a mental map of the island. Hm.
Sherlock needs… He doesn’t know. He can’t say he needs to get off this island, because he doesn’t, because Thisby is perhaps the most interesting place in the world. Though, he’s sure the island wouldn’t care whether he lived or he died. He can’t tell whether he loves Thisby despite that, or because of it.
Something incredibly secretive is lurking between his lungs, eating away at the cartilage that holds his ribs together even now, in these gentle minutes. It pounds a Scorpio rhythm on the underside of his sternum, persistent and enormous.
“I love bees,” he blurts out.
Sherlock slides off the bed. His legs ache with sleep, hips sore. It’s alright. John can’t stop racing. Not now, when everything he’s wanted for years in within his grasp.
Surprised, Sherlock blinks, watching John’s expression fall. He looks almost betrayed, as if Sherlock’s not telling him the whole truth was a personal affront. Hm. Well, lying is a personal thing, isn’t it?
Sherlock blinks. “One person?”
“You know. Everyone on the island wonders about you.”
Redbeard jerks abruptly.
But then there's that point of stillness, darker than the black, a man with an expression as dim as the light. John Watson, just past a pair of men that Sherlock had been trying to get past. He's separated from the crowd, looking towards the cliff edge, merely steps away from falling off or standing where the ground could crumble, letting the wind blow back his fringe. He's looking out to the ocean, clearly waiting. There’s a mainland watch on his wrist.
Unfortunately, John isn’t chewing, so the man sputters with a fork in his hand, to Sherlock’s disdain, “We’re not--”
Sherlock doesn’t bother with his gloves. He leans over her skirt, the scent of cloying blood thick in the back of his nose, at last overpowering the residual lemon cleaning products from the rest of the house. Can’t imagine how that must smell to John. He plucks the hairs out of the zipper teeth, taking care not to break them, and rolls it over in his fingers, feeling the coarse texture.
Sherlock’s mouth quirks down.
Anger flushes through his veins, seizing his muscles and clenching his fists for him. How could someone touch the horse that is so clearly John’s and no one else’s? Where is his true rider, what’s happened to John? Confusion sets in as well, the crowd that has accumulated is ever-shifting like the sand, clearly here to watch something happen. But what? He cranes his neck to see above the few men who are taller than him, watching Hope.
Redbeard has never been a racer.
John’s hand snaps away from Sherlock’s face as if burned, wringing the bloody-wet handkerchief.
It’s a funeral over the cliffs.
They will watch their every move and hear it, too, the
Sherlock's snaps his face back to Stamford, alarm flaring in his head more loudly than all the yelling in the tavern, than the jangle of the bells on the blonde mare’s breastplate, more potently than the stink of beer and stale sweat. Stamford pushes his glasses back up onto his face.
He searched for a code, something that might explain why Mycroft had stopped writing. There was nothing.
There is a sharp glare exchanged between Moriarty and John. Sherlock blinks in the storm - this isn’t something new or angry, they’ve had an argument.
The mud smears his hands as Sherlock pushes himself up, leg barely yielding. Through the rain, Moriarty stares openly at him, ignoring John’s revolver, deranged and half-mad with failure. Cautiously, Sherlock moves away from the cliff edge.
“It was an uncalled for amount of stress—”
Without having to be asked with words by Sherlock, John sighs. His smile continues. “Alright. Yeah, alright. Come with me.” He shakes his head, and Sherlock loves him. It hurts not to say it, not to burst out with it, not to cup the feeling in his palms and offer it, offer everything, to John. “I can’t say you’ll love it.”
Like Gladstone on the night of the storm, the water horse obeys, rearing her head back and exposing the long, serpentine expanse of her chest. John tugs, and breaks into a run alongside the
It is a great, old building, one of the oldest on the Thisby, mind a few stables owned by Moriarty. Expanses of colored glass, steady columns, and intricate wood carvings cover it entirely.
"Happy birthday, Mycroft."
"W-what? No! No, I can do it," Sherlock assured him quickly. This was exactly what he had feared. John needed more than his pension earned him and the stag do was good money. "Don't worry, I will do it."
"I'm that, too," he replied calmly. "Soldier and a doctor. So you can bet I know a trick or two to hurt you. I've killed people nicer than you. My slave knows where you live. Hell, frankly my slave is clever enough to make your death look like an accident, so
Despite he tried to keep the realisation from his brother, Mycroft saw immediately he had come to some kind of a conclusion. "What?"
"Forgive me, master, but yes you were." The slave drew a breath and exhaled before adding: "I mean no disrespect. Your therapy is going nowhere. You benefit more from sleeping."
Faked accent back in place he hurriedly followed the keeper back in and to his work station. With an extra bottle of water instead of a punishment. A few hours later as he lay on his bunk, body already on sleep mode and his mind tracing the edges of dreams, his thoughts lingered on Mrs Hudson. For the first time in months he dared to approach the subject of ever leaving this place. For the first time in months there was something that made it worth to think of the future. Befriending her could proof very beneficial indeed.
"Murder."
The cabbie didn't reply, just smirked at him through the mirror. He wouldn't answer more questions for the rest of the drive, so instead of pressing it Sherlock leant back on his seat, hoping for his head to clear while getting himself on the map. After ten more minutes of driving the cab pulled to the front of two nearly identical buildings. His driver turned off the engine, got up and came to open the passenger door.
"Ah, yes. Yes. John Watson. How do you do."
The cabbie's lips curled in distaste. "I'm not getting paid for destroying property."
"I knew you'd figure out something was wrong," the slave smirked. He hesitated for a moment. "Thank you."
John swallowed involuntarily. It was clear from the tone of her voice she meant
Doesn't that worry you? Do people even have archenemies?"
"What else can I say?" Sherlock countered. It wasn't his choice. "You need money, you own a slave. Naturally, you'll use the slave to make more money."
"That's an order, Holmes," John commanded, gripping a fistful of black curls. Holmes hissed in pain as his master twisted the hair around his fingers. "Do it
Thank you again for all the interest, sorry it took long and I hope you enjoyed the chapter. Please let me know what you think if you've got a moment. Until next time –when Mycroft returns. :)
"Good. Put it away and come here. On your knees."
"But there's more," Sherlock cut him off before he could finish. Being interrupted by a slave who acted like an equal always took them by surprise –and Sherlock felt more confident by each sentence. "Your clothes are worse than mine. About...three years old? You aren't planning ahead much."
"Okay, slow down," Lestrade urged, fearing the slave would start hyperventilating. "No one's accusing you of a murder. Your new owner called, reported you missing. Sort of. Come on, I'll get you out of here. You can explain what happened after your head's cleared up a bit."
The first night was miserable. Sherlock climbed to the top bunk and fell asleep within minutes, but Mycroft lay awake for what felt like hours. He had kept his emotionless mask in place, but he had never felt so helpless in his life. There was nothing he could do to save his brother or himself. What good were his intellectual abilities, when none of it could get them out of this situation? He must have dozed off at some point for the next time he opened his eyes, Sherlock shook his shoulder. "Wake up, Mycroft. There's food."
It was long past midnight when they made their way back to John's flat. Holmes seemed to have lost all of his previous energy and dozed off entirely in the taxi. He slumped against the seat and leant to his master, head on his shoulder.
"I might have. He seems agreeable," Mycroft mused, eying the brother he hadn't seen in years. "Come, let's talk elsewhere. I'll treat you a proper meal. You look like you need it."
"Laurist– Wait, Holmes, what are you–?"
steal from my master," Sherlock exclaimed. He was outright lying of course. He had stolen money from his owners multiple times. Only small, unnoticeable sums over a long period of time, mostly. He'd taken more than just his owner's cash when paying for his ride to Norway. But he had not stolen the nicotine patches. And he had not stolen cash from John. Yet.
"He took care of the rugby field and the locker rooms", John began quietly. It wasn't something he'd remember with warmth or something he was proud of.
Neither his master nor mistress called for him for the rest of the night. Sherlock walked around the house aimlessly, trying to make himself useful while staying out of sight. It felt impossible that tonight would be his last in this house. How could they do this to him?
get yourself sold."
"Anything at all... But don't worry, I'm only gonna talk to you."
"I wasn't talking about my face."
Holmes tilted his head. "He didn't die by your hand."
"But what–"
"If you came to wish me a happy anniversary, you're late," he sighed when the door opened. He ought to have wished Mycroft a happy belated birthday, but he didn't. If Mycroft wanted to commemorate either occasion he should've showed up on the actual day. He didn't bother getting up from the sofa or opening his eyes. He heard Mycroft move in the room and come to a halt at the armchairs.
Sherlock hesitated a second before kneeling back on the floor. If not for his sake, surely his master would care about others. "Please. Let me help them. No one else needs to die."
"But not full time?"
"Well, yes, my gut says they are, but the evidence..." He looked desperate, and explained how absolutely nothing seemed to point towards a killer. Holmes disagreed, then made a little happy dance and a joyous declaration of how he loved serial killers.
"So it was the boyfriend?"
John took the invitation and sat in an armchair as she sat back on her seat as well on the other side of the desk. He smiled at her, but she didn't smile back, just typed, presumably his name. Though there ought to be dozens of John Watsons in London. He handed the document over the table and Ms Bruce took it without saying a word.
"I didn't expect to survive, either," he admitted. "But I found a distraction and a convenient way to get back."
Lying at the narrow rocky edge, Sherlock risks a glance over his shoulder, the long drop of the side of the cliff. The ocean is black and frothy, beating against the sides of the great chalk walls. His body won’t break on the beach, it’ll be torn to pieces by
The man from the beach.
some.
The delicate fact about this body is the ancient longsword piercing through her ribs.
until it's upon them.
Sherlock frowned. “What are you doing? Don’t put it there.”
Gladstone peers at the ocean, and twists to hook a hold on John again. He wails again.
there. Dust settles in places where people don’t go, or where he shoves things to avoid dealing with them, but keeps. For whatever godforsaken reason. Sentimentality, he suspects with disgust.
“What?” He croaks.
Sherlock sits back, stumped, watching John wipe his cut on his cloak.
It’s pre-renaissance, with a large courtyard and tall, stone-patterned walls surrounding it. There are towers on each corner, and a gatehouse leading to the outer court. There’s a chapel, a split drawbridge that is held up, and deep divots meant to suggest there being a moat outside the castle walls. It's been expertly crafted out of rock and iron rivulets.
Sherlock risks a glance to the front of the line. He's steadily moving closer. John Watson is in the front now, handing over coins to Janine.
John smiles. Sherlock focuses on his eyes instead of Lestrade’s case, and now he’s sure he’s being embarrassing and staring dreamily into them. He’s so smart. So in tune with island rumors.
There is reason that Hope shouted ‘
In a few days, his fate may very well be death. In a few short days, just a handful of hours away, all this could be for nothing. The training, the long nights waiting for
“Yeah, you are. Do you want to get breakfast? I don’t have anything here.”
“If you’re not here to kill me,” Moriarty asks, large and theatrical, glancing around like there’s an invisible audience watching them that Sherlock cannot see, “then what good are you?”
This could be a fun escapade for John, a last kick of adrenaline and endorphins before the Races trample everything. John’s body falls over Sherlock’s, and the notion flies out of his head.
"Have you changed your mind?" Moriarty asks.
needed.”
“I won't get hurt. I promise.”
And so, when the giant white mare barrels straight into him, Gladstone shrieks and throws himself back at her.
Still, Sherlock finds his voice even, his face guarded, “And why not?”
Aconitine. A completely natural component, however small an amount, slipped into a box of tarts, made fresh at Molly’s shop, perhaps while John and Sherlock sat that morning by the window. What could’ve happened while they were so close? Sherlock is entirely convinced it isn’t Molly. She wouldn’t even know what to do with poison, much less have a reason to poison some random customer.
In the night, it’s the most solid shape in town, and all of the lights inside are dark. The sun has long since set, and the pinks and oranges have faded from the sky, settling into faint stars. The plated shingles on the roof of the building almost never blow off from the wind, and now, they look almost impenetrable.
Redbeard gets a workout. The clasp of leather reins, none of those iron-beads, rub over and under and between the dry skin on Sherlock's hands. He can hear Josey’s whinnies as the pair of them race around the fencing, leaping over the broken pieces from the piebald.
4k of this came out of me in one day wtf......
In a far-away man’s voice, the knight shouts, “Away, fire-breather!”
“The ocean knows your name, John Watson,” She murmurs, Sherlock has to strain to hear it, “It's time to make another wish.”
“You’re certain? You didn’t mention anything about racing?”
His heartbeat feels askew, just half a beat off, all day. The wind cuts straight and low across turf made deep, dark green by the clouds pressing overhead. When the gusts blast across Redbeard’s face, strong enough to check his speed, he spooks and shivers. The air stinks of the capaill uisce. Neither of them wants to be here in this night-dark afternoon.
With care, John undoes the braids in Gladstone’s mane. They are dexterous together, Sherlock marvels, tenderly untying Gladstone from the land.
is just ‘
Sherlock swivels and snaps.
“God, fuck, Sherlock,” John groans at his lips. Sherlock aches, struggling to push his cock against John’s hip. John isn’t close enough for real friction and Sherlock throws a hand back, curling his fist in the duvet out of frustration. “God, let me…” John’s hips stutter forwards, shoving his cock further into Sherlock’s hand. His arms shake to support him. It isn’t a lack of strength but a lack of composure, which is thrilling. “Oh, fuck.”
win. I’d never be done with you. You can imagine my nerves,” Moriarty unfolds a paper, and holds it up between two gloved fingers, “when I got your note.”
It was perhaps two hours of wandering in his mind later when he was brought back to the reality by his new master poking at his side with his cane, but it took a moment for his startled mind to put together what the reality around him was. He opened his eyes and stared up at the man in annoyance to mask his surprise. "What?"
"You know", John started, "I can't remember the last time I've had cereals for breakfast. I just bought them at some point and then never even opened the package."
"How did you end up so far from England?" she asked, not bothered by him standing. It wasn't uncommon in Europe for slaves to remain standing. "I've never met an English slave here before."
He could hear the slave in the kitchenette as he washed the dishes and wiped the surfaces. Some time later Holmes appeared to the doorway, hovering by the frames, uncertain of what he was supposed to be doing. It was understandable, of course. There were owners who didn't want to see or hear their slaves when they weren't needed, there were those who thought a slave should always be doing something and those who didn't really care what the slave did as long they did all they were told to do.
"You can go to sleep", he permitted when the slaves eyes followed him to the bed. "Shut off the lights, will you? See you tomorrow."
"How would I know what's missing if it's missing?" John wanted to know, his patience wearing thinner and thinner by minute.
"Right...um. After I'm done, you can get yourself ready. You must be hungry. I can take care of the breakfast today. You can sleep on the bed again and take care of the dishes later."
“Well I don’t feel like naming you. You weren’t born a slave, you definitely have a name.”
“Oh.” John couldn’t figure out anything more to say. He wasn’t sure if he was that kind of an owner or if he even knew how to be a slave owner in general. Perhaps it was a silly way to think about it, but it felt like an enormous responsibility to have a slave. This man would belong to him within minutes and John would then almost literally hold his life in his hands. He had certain duties towards his property enforced by the law, but otherwise he could do whatever he wanted to this man.
Holmes nodded slowly. If the knowledge surprised or terrified him, it didn't show.
But the slave was already in the car, the bag of take-aways by his feet on the floor and John had no other option, but to limp after him.
99OR-79/3J3A hadn't been born a slave despite being one for most of his life. He used to be a human being. His name had been William Sherlock Scott Holmes. His parents were of a wealthy background. His mother a celebrated mathematician, his father an artist. They had owned several slaves themselves. He had lived in a nice country house with his family until... Well. One wrong word uttered at the wrong moment had been enough to change that. But that was all far in the past now, none of it could be undone.
"Don't be childish, Sherlock. You have no choice. Neither of us has. We are already slaves."
The younger man shrugged his narrow shoulders. “My previous mistress chose to call me
Sherlock looked at the blonde woman crouching at his level. She smiled at him. Behind her stood another woman, but Sherlock could tell from her posture she was a slave. The man who bought him hadn't spoken much and Sherlock had been too scared and distressed to speak to him. He'd done his best not to cry as they drove away from the auction building of The Institute of Slavery, but he was so, so scared and so utterly alone. The collar choked him and it had been cold in the car.
"Master, you don't need to–"
He turned his back at John and grabbed a carton of milk to put it away.
John licked his lips unconsciously. "I know. It's just...nothing really happens", he told helplessly.
Sherlock accepted that his owners had power over everything in his life. At first, when he still fought and struggled, it had frightened and angered him. But he had come to realise what a comforting thing it was to be able to trust someone so completely and so unconditionally that he didn't have to fear for the decisions they made for him. With his master and mistress, he could always trust that they knew what was right. No harm would come to him if he did what they told him to do. Any mistakes he made they would correct.
, I'm not flogging you for this. But if I catch you doing this again I
"I guess you're right," John admitted. "Alright. Hen party it is. You can help me write the advert. We'll put up another one for music, too, just in case."
"So are you," the cabbie countered. His tongue brushed against his upper teeth as he kept watching Sherlock for a reaction.
John spun around. "I see it."
"–I would do anything in my power to be kept," his brother continued uninterruptedly. "And so should you."
Holmes waited for him to continue.
"Well then I'd be a slave and deal with it!"
If Sherlock got lucky, somebody rich enough would buy him to keep company for their children, though Mycroft could see hundreds of ways that would end up leading to a catastrophe. But the unfortunate fact was that the children of Sherlock's age were wanted products on the industrial field. They were small and had deft fingers useful for assembling small parts. Anything that said "handmade" was likely done by a slave. That, too, could only end badly for Sherlock. Thank goodness he was too young to be legally sold to sex industry, so Mycroft needn't worry over that.
"A note? Three identical suicides and a note, oh,
Holmes just glared at him.
John shrugged. "I guess it doesn't. Why Holmes, though?"
"What?"
and act like your kind."
"I begged on the floor for Anthea to buy you." Mycroft's voice was venomous with controlled rage. "Why didn't you let me know you were back?"
"Have you offered yourself?"
Sherlock closed the laptop into the drawer with the gun. John appeared to like to pretend it wasn't there, so he had not touched nor commented on it. He stepped away from the desk and lowered himself back on his knees. Nothing would be gained by refusal, after all, and he knew which fights to pick. Even if he didn't always act accordingly. But now was not the time. Anything he had to say would likely lead to more severe consequences, and he had seen the stupid slave magazine with its creative ideas for punishments on the table earlier. He would have known it had been read even if he hadn't seen John do so. Preferably his owner didn't remember or care. He would rather have the belt than chilli powder in his arse.
“What do people usually say?” John inquired, genuinely curious.
"Holmes."
"I didn't tell you to."
"Not just to be put down. You were on an organ donor list."
Holmes's file was probably the longest he'd ever seen a slave have. And far more interesting than your average one.
Sherlock watched in silence as Mycroft stripped everything off swiftly in silence and neatly folded his clothes in to the bag. He didn't know what to do or say, either. How could Mycroft be so calm when he felt like exploding? His eyes burned with tears he didn't want to shed. He hated this,
Billy gasped in alarm and dropped on his knees, arms raised to protect his bowed head. "I'm sorry, sir, I'm sorry!" the boy cried. "I shouldn't have touched you."
. Like you said it'd be. I didn't think– I didn't realise the danger I put you in. I'm sorry, Holmes. Jesus, I'm sorry. I
they're all just a bunch of idiots."
"Well, I think you'll like this", the DI said smugly. "There's a note."
"Why do you think something's different?"
Sherlock played a short, cheerful tune from memory. His mistress nodded her approval and the guest seemed happy enough. Mrs Spedding requested him to play twice more before she asked if he could play something from the notes she had brought with her. Sherlock fetched a music stand and played the unfamiliar piece best to his ability. Both his mistress and the visitor seemed pleased with him.
, John thought with horror and disgust. His father, when he was drinking, had been like that. He himself had thought it funny to torment that poor slave back in university. Up until it had gone too far. He wished someone would've been there to hit him on the head, too.
"Where? Does Lestrade know you have his phone?"
It took a moment for Holmes focus at him, as if he'd been somewhere far away in his thoughts. "Welcome home, master."
don't say you just left the door unlocked somehow, because then I'm really going to have to flog you."
"Well, none, but... Surely there are some."
I do trust you.
"How much do you need?"
"What? Who's this?"
"I know. But it will happen whether we want or not."
John hauled the door open with far too much force than necessary. "Where have you been?"
"Look, mate," the smaller of the men began. "All we're saying is we paid the full amount. You ought to get something in exchange for that, eh?"
"Oh, he seems excellent. I'm impressed," Mrs Spedding praised. Sherlock smiled a little at that and looked at his feet. "However, I'm sure you understand, I'd like to have a proper look at him before making any decisions."
"I'm proud of you, Holmes. Even though I'm forced to sell you, my investment has paid off," she told, pulling away from him. She took his face between her hands and looked him in the eyes. "You should be happy. Your sale is the best possible way you can serve us."
"Oh, John. John. Sorry to wake you up, but the door..!" Mrs Hudson fretted from her doorway.
Mycroft had said it would be a good thing if he were sold. It didn't feel like it at all, but he tried to be brave. He imagined he was a pirate captain, taken prisoner. He would need to be cunning and clever to escape.
caught Sherlock sneaking out on the second day, but that had merely been a stroke of bad luck. Now that he had been nothing but a perfect slave ever since, almost at least, he was certain John would soon let his guard down and eventually allow him more privileges. It wouldn't take long for John to decide to allow him move more freely, he was certain of it.
"I guess. You've been using it a lot lately."
"You boast you know each street of London. You tell me."
, as it releases.
where are you going?”
Within 150 yards of the shore, they have to train.
John’s front, hot and insistent, heavy and
Sherlock crowds closer. Messy writing, crosses and lines through words, adding and subtracting numbers, the bookkeeping of the gamblers, if you could call it that. Sherlock halfheartedly examines the paper. They’d be wanting this back, and were sure to notice soon. When did Mike steal this? “Give me the book, Mike. I will return it before anyone knows it’s gone missing. When did you take this?”
“No, you only cared once
Sherlock dodges, slamming his fist into Moriarty’s belly, met with a wheeze. “An easy target, the man didn’t matter— you just wanted
Sherlock smears hot liquid from his lip away, glancing at his hand. Rain is washing away the blood from his face, staining his clothing. Everything aches.
. Ever-thinking, always two steps ahead. It’s - brilliant.”
Sherlock shivers.
“Should’ve heard you come in,” she says, and gestures for him to sit at the table.
“No, it’s - fine.” Sherlock touches his sleeve for an anchor, awash in this unknown.
“He has all these fairytale books outside his office, just standing there. I think he may have moved them so I could see them.”
Sherlock slaps Lestrade’s hand out of his face. Too close!
He retreats to the back of the Hooper Bakery, not hiding but perhaps steeling himself. The front is packed with fat tourists sucking honey glaze and butter from their thumbs and talking about race odds. He hears his name once or twice, along with ‘that ordinary pony.'
To try and look the part, he rolls his white sleeves up to his elbows, which reavaling the pockmarked scars at the corners of his elbows, and unbuttons the first button on his grey waistcoat as he makes his way close to the cliffs, eyes flickering over the figure of every man that slides by. He can feel his semblance of a disguise not working, dressed too posh for a place like this. His limbs feel like seaweed, wobbly and unsure yet refusing to lose his nerve. There are exciting things here, just as there are dangerous things.
John spits at Gladstone’s hooves.
“He was your admirer. I was under the impression he was infatuated with you.”
To make a point, John moves in front of Moriarty, leveling the weapon at Moriarty’s face. Only then do the spider’s eyes tick up to him. Just as fast, they flicker back to Sherlock, hardly acknowledging John's presence.
John shifts up, capturing all of Sherlock’s focus. His eyes are ribbon blue, with a wash of gold from the sun, which has dipped nearly entirely beyond the sea, and they flick between both of Sherlock’s. John is light, John is precious metal, all things topaz, picturesque and perfect among everything boring on this island. Slowly, gently, he shakes his head, staring back at Sherlock as if in disbelief. The weakening sun shines off the wetness of his tongue as it wets his lower lip.
Sherlock shrugs.
rises up from the water beside him like death himself, shark nostrils flared against the air and mouth long enough to reach its eyes. It’s the beast that pulled him under the ocean that day he took Redbeard to the racing beaches, it’s the horse that John killed.
John is the first one off Gladstone, who feels as though he’ll take off any second, dragging Sherlock with him. “Stay there for a moment,” John commands, cheeks hot and pink, and so Sherlock obeys.
Sherlock is on the cusp of a snappy retort to expose this, but his body betrays him and he yawns. His muscles are weak, responses lethargic, his hip flexors are sore. He
Gladstone is the biggest, fastest thing on land. Mike Stamford had told him so, those weeks ago. Nothing could outpace him.
Abruptly, he says, “What do you know about Henry Knight?”
The remainder of the funeral is as short as the deceased’s life, beginning with Stamford talking over the roar of the air against the cliffs below them all, and ending with John coaxing the
Upstairs, he pulls the lights on, unsurprised that his room looks as though a hurricane has barreled through it. Across from the door lay dozens of books, haphazardly piled into stacks or castles of encyclopedias. He steps in, shuts the door, and makes his way shakily to the closet, sifting through for his warmest things. Or, should he look for his most attractive items of clothing, his
The ceilings are low, the bed is made, but piled with a myriad of color-clashing duvets too big for it. There is a narrow door just beside the sink, closed. Sherlock assumes it’s the bathroom. It’s dark.
Playlist!
Is it really that simple?
When John takes her lead from the father’s scarred hands, her hooves rise easily from the ground, and gracefully they walk away from the cliff’s edge, where the rest of the funeral party is gathered around Stamford and the bonfire. The parents watch from away.
The wind is assaulting them again. Grey clouds roll over high above, like obedient dogs searching for treats. They go quickly, urged along by the rough gusts. There are some hills here, and thinning bushes made meek by the Thisby weather, and scraggly trees, hanging onto the bare edges of the cliffs and feeding off the poor soil. All the fully grown trees were culled off when the first people of Thisby set foot here. It’s why the wood on houses is peeling and splintering and old.
“You can't expect him to find Mycroft for you, dear. If you can’t, no one can.”
Foals in ribbons and fillies in flowers are led by stablehands, and rich mainland mongers mill about. A few cross the road in front of him, and Sherlock can see imprints of affairs and pocket watches over all of them. Klemp, the man Sherlock had seen the night of the storm, leads a wicked brown mare with white socks into the main paddock with a riding crop.
Sherlock hums, which makes John laugh.
“I should be on the beaches, you know!” Lestrade says. Sherlock flips to the page for him, rattling off his long line of deduction, with the added assurance of how the wife will surely confess to the murder given a little prodding. John looks down at him like the sun.
And then it’s down the dunes.
Stop. Was that the sound of something walking in, of a door creeping open? No. It is only the fiddles playing loudly outside, beyond the walls of the notary’s office. Still, his ears strain for more noise. As much as it wouldn’t be the worst thing in the world to be caught here, he still wouldn’t like it very much. It would damper their case.
Sherlock tries a different approach.
Sherlock sighs, as if it were a very big, very exhausting thing to agree to. “Fine.”
“She said you liked the mysteries, the murders. That you aren’t paid, you get off on it.”
“I-I hadn’t seen it in years, since my figurine had last become real, I’ve had many swords. But this is the sword from my figurine. The one meant to be on my belt!”
“I saw the name, and what the others were saying to him, and I knew it wasn’t right, Sherlock. Something wasn’t right.”
whines back, higher pitched. A mockery - a jay crying danger.
“Very.”
“Nothing. This is Moriarty’s seal, isn’t it? Is it enough to convict him?”
“The killer won’t be personable, by any means. Doesn’t work in a crowded space. A man like this hid away for years after committing his first murders two decades ago. He festered and collected until he broke down again.”
After a quiet moment, Gladstone’s lip slides back over his wicked teeth, and the whites of his eyes turn to gaze out at the endless water.
Above the clatter of someone shouting bets for the Races at another person, Lestrade says, “Had to have been eaten. There weren't any marks on the body.”
Sherlock blinks.
Sherlock waits a moment, letting the biting wind blow over them both. He answers, “I’m here to bring you in.”
“It’s just, what you said, earlier.”
Lestrade ropes him into coming. Sherlock says he would rather slit his own throat. Donovan shouts at him for making such an ill-timed comment. Sherlock is cross.
“Pssht,” Snorts another man, with dark skin and a yellow coat over his body, “She prob’ly dropped it up in Skarmouth, and everyone missed it.”
He’s staring down (down!) at Hope, who’s being hauled up from the ground by the mill workers in traditional garb.
John twists them, and Sherlock flinches like he’s been struck, gasping as if there is no air in the flat. They twist again, purposefully, the first hint that John is thinking of the near future.
Sherlock’s eyes peer between the bars and the half-open doors. Some sport horses stick their heads out and regard him and Watson’s passage.
The silk dressing gown slips down his shoulders, bunching in folds in the crooks of his elbow. He doesn’t bother tying the sash around his waist, prefers to let it hang open while he walks around. It can make for a very dramatic effect, like his coat, when he’s moving around the flat. Without a case, he’s no reason to go out. So, he won’t. If food appears by way of Mrs Hudson, he'll consider eating it. If no food appears, he'll forget about eating until a headache sets in. Sherlock checks his mobile again. Still nothing. Turns on his ringer.
An entire paper could be written on what the island smells like during racing season. He's always raised a bitter lip to it, the scent of Claire de la Lune, the popular perfume that the mainland women wear, the scent of burning rubber and hot garbage, the alcohol of various contents that gets vomited onto the street corners. The seasonal food. The drummers throb and Sherlock snakes up against the side of a building to let them pass as they go on through their clubbing on stretch-spattered-skin. A few tourists get caught up in the procession, and laugh and go along with it, clapping.
Smirking, Sherlock asks, “Do you give this treatment to all the other new riders? The beer, the appointments on the cliffs?”
. Somewhere, an envious feeling emerges, but John roughly shoves it away.
Why couldn’t he have texted! This once!
John laughs at him. The champion smears the pattern of an old rune against Gladstone’s face, and the
There is a wild thing caged within it.
“He couldn't… send extra. It wasn't because he didn't have money. He had plenty of that, the bastard.” John laughs, and Sherlock can
IN THIS CHAPTER, we have some nice times, and lots more buildup to the climax of the next two chapters, the last two. a small mystery with Mr Haverford will be resolved in a quick instant next chapter, and suspicions for moriarty continue to grow...
“Do you know how that felt, when, when I…” John shakes his head, twisting his hand into the chest of his jacket. He connects with Sherlock’s eyes. They are startlingly cobalt. John’s voice comes to him from the cliffs, as if it were a dream.
She is incapable of courtesy and of missing people.”
Lestrade smiles and lifts a worn hand to wave at Molly.
“Be nice to me. You’d be able to tell if I were lying about anything else.” John sits up fully now, back against the headboard, and reaches for the shell. He holds it out in his palm for Sherlock to take. “I’ve still got a day before I have to make it.”
Something is… changing. The crackling, whipping wind racing over Thisby’s flat land seems to have lulled, and now they speak in quiet conversation. The island is listening to them. Sherlock stays quiet, and John begins to talk faster. He cannot stop confessing.
But as all good things, it comes to a swift end.
John’s silence is so stark that Sherlock can almost hear him wondering over the passersby, the thrall of smooth traffic, the height and modernity of the buildings scaling around them in the city.
“—so late at the pub - what?”
and hurries into the kitchen, vaguely hearing John shout, “Where are you going!”
They sit, half a meter apart, looking out over the ocean. Far below, Sherlock can hear the gentle
“Yes, then. Mr Haverford was a distraction from all of that nasty business. I quite like those,” Moriarty elaborates. His hands come up beneath his chin in a mock expression of Sherlock’s thinking pose. It is like he is praying.
“You don’t mind?”
Sherlock preoccupies himself with tugging at the sleeve of his long black coat, unused to being honest. It is not strictly his fault - who has he ever needed to be honest to? John is different, hanging off his words and waiting patiently, ready and willing to listen. More than that,
Sherlock doesn't have to worry about Redbeard trotting off when he returns to the damp mildew of the stables to retrieve the reins and bit. There's a little hardened grass pasted to the metal bit with old spit from Redbeard.
“But - but when did it go missing? When did you wake up here, in my world, without your sword?”
John lets Sherlock pick at the scarf and adjust the ends enough so that John is largely hidden, but aims a well-placed kick to Sherlock’s knuckle when Sherlock catches on his armor.
Far away, the Scorpio drummers have moved on and are crashing through the Skarmouth streets, or along the coastline. But Sherlock can hear nothing but silence and faint fiddles, and then:
Sherlock pulls out John’s blue notebook, from the depths of his long coat’s pocket, shoving it into John’s chest, a motion made for John to understand to take notes.
Men press close, laugh and talk, and water horses rear far above anyone’s head several times over, screaming occasionally. The
“What?” Sherlock demands.
The twist of guilt beneath Sherlock’s sternum digs hard into his ribs. He could get what he wanted, one small chance against the stacked odds, but John would be without Gladstone. “And you?”
“You've trapped me. This is unfair, even for a giant,” The knight yells this as if giants are real and the knight is familiar with them. He brandishes the dagger again.
He’s not afraid. He’s not. But if he were looking at the water horse right this moment, he would know nothing but fear.
Sherlock’s hands fly forwards, trying to gouge at the water horse's thin nostrils, but they are closed against the water, prepared to go under.
Coming from him, the statement seems much more ominous than it had when Sherlock had himself thought so.
He pulls John’s jacket tighter over his shoulders, lengthening his cold strides. The liquor he had consumed no longer warms his gut.
John turns and sets his jaw, his fists clench. His heels push down. He jolts Gladstone’s rein and allows him more lead, throwing his arms, more freedom to shove himself into Mary’s soaking-wet form. Her skin shimmers and her mouth tears into one of Gladstone’s ears as they run. Gladstone snatches the liberty in stride, wailing that long cry that reverberates off the chalk cliffs.
When the Races start, where will he keep Gladstone?
Moriarty regards him for another long moment. The dagger’s handle glints in his hand. He grins. Then, “You’re just like him. Two hundred.” He extends his palm, leisurely.
Sherlock’s heart stammers, and then quickens. His own ears strain towards any other sight besides the blurry fence and the mist crawling over it. They’d been out there all day, it’s early evening, and they’d just been out there. Getting the bales from Tholla. Riding. Feeling the wind hum and sing beneath their skin and their pelt. What else had been out there, with them, haunting the mist?
“I didn’t say any of this, because I didn’t want you to know. You would’ve questioned why I’d done such a thing.”
straight from your time period. Be it a different, hm, world, plane, universe, so be it, irrelevant.” Sherlock twirls his free wrist, energy building like a tidal wave in his chest. Whatever world it is, it clearly is stuck in Sherlock’s high medieval period,
“My neighbor’s. I don’t have sheep,” he replies, before seeing John’s grin, only visible because his face is half lit from the headlights out the windshield, sending sharp shadows past his nose and below his eyes. Ah, yes, he’s already told John off for thinking he lived on a sheep farm that day where John had shot the mill worker and Hope.
“Where’s Lestrade? I don’t want to have to handle one of his lackeys.” One more step, and he will say something about Anderson and her. This seems to convey through his eyes, because her face turns ever harder, her hands twitching. It’s not a good look for her.
Rain pounds, the towel becomes impossibly heavier.
clothes on the floor, discarded. The woodstove framed behind John, the lack of cobwebs in the ceiling corners. When is he going to see it again?
“You--!”
John slaps his reeking notebook down onto the coffee table. "Treating man-eating monsters with indigestion goes about as well as you'd expect."
“Then,” Sherlock goes on, “You think Redbeard would be faster.”
The room is dim at the corners but brightly illuminated by portable police LEDs around the woman’s body, throwing sharp shadows in the pleats of her skirt and the ruffles of her bloodstained blouse.
Watson looks down. The
honestly there were so many ways to do this fic, i went with a casefic - because that's the best and i've yet to write one! enjoy my limited knowledge of swords stretched to its ends and supplemented w magic!
John doesn’t disappear after Gladstone, as Sherlock half-expects him to. He stands solid, out of frame, never allowing Sherlock from his sight. It would be normal to want time and distance after losing his companion of many years, a companion so influential on John’s life.
Releasing the tightly gathered rein, Gladstone drops his leg, dipping his head tightly to his chest and arching his neck. Sherlock thinks he can see Gladstone’s ears lengthening, the prominent bones popping, stretching skin tightly overtop, like jet-black canvas flitted with fine white hairs. How old is Gladstone? He seems centuries.
Moriarty, Sherlock thinks, as he watches John with Gladstone, the shaking horse and solid rider.
It feels insane to be questioned where other men have not. Sherlock's ears burn. Why must everyone be questioning him tonight? There must be some conspiracy.
“I’m aware,” Sherlock says.
“I love you.” It rushes out of Sherlock in one breath, and there’s no room inside himself to regret it, because this is something that John must know, that he must internalize. “John - I should have said it before, so many times and in so many ways - it isn’t enough to convey any semblance of my -
A moment later, after glancing at him in surprise through the window, Mrs Hudson opens the door, a washing apron over her blouse and grey pants, and a rag in her hand.
“He?” Lestrade says. The brown wool collar of his coat is blown hard against the side of his neck from the wind. “You know who it is?”
In lieu of answering, John resumes his tapping.
“You okay?” He can hear the doubt in John’s question, the strength.
Don’t you see it?
Sherlock glances away, tucking his chin to hide a smirk. It's terrible that John’s been put in this position, to have his heart led away by someone he hates, but he's still very funny.
Moriarty’s elated facade drops. Slowly, he shakes his head. “Don’t think you’re on to anything there, Mr Holmes, to these islanders, I’ve never hurt
or something else that is equally preposterous.”
Exactly like John’s.
Sherlock moves the board for him and John, and they get behind the barrier of the dark desk, avoiding Anderson’s till, eyes sweeping for stray files. John bends to pull open the cabinets under the counter, and Sherlock watches him begin to rifle through a few files.
He should have predicted that Moriarty would come with nothing to lose. How mind-numbingly boring it must have been for Moriarty to wield his power and ability with not a single worthy adversary to challenge him. Sheep and people, all the same. Sherlock nearly sympathizes.
“Nothing more than he promised the night of the festival.”
“Sorry, he’s, uh… yeah. Sorry.”
The kind-faced old woman pats him on the upper arm as Sherlock lifts a wooden crate for her onto the edge of the stall door. The horse within snorts. Mrs Hudson titters and the greying bay mare snorts again.
The governor shot himself.
John’s eyes don’t move, but his mouth quirks down. “Where is your horse?” Now, he watches the sea birds land somewhere down the sand, away from the small crowd.
“Last year you had an injury in the Races, and you limp, but not when you're in immediate danger,” The correlation between limping at not-limping is only fully realized when Sherlock says this, “And the way in which you stand, and sit up in the saddle, like you have forgotten about it. It's psychosomatic.”
Honey glaze floats on the air, puff pastries sit behind the counter glass display. Butter-breads and warm chocolates are arranged perfectly over cloth and in decorative Thisby baskets, waiting to be plucked for purchase. Loaves of sweetbread lean up against each other in paper packets like the bicycles outside the window.
Sherlock turns. Archie is there, peering over the display on his toes. His bright eyes flick from Sherlock to John beside him, and then back. “Are you going down to the beach tomorrow?”
Absolutely floored, Sherlock blinks. He jerks back, but John’s grip keeps him close. “What--
him. Look at her things!” Sherlock opens his arms, gesturing to the room.
John looks at him over his shoulder. It’s a weird way to look at someone, because Sherlock is sitting almost directly behind him, and John wouldn’t be able to turn around without bumping into him. Sherlock draws his legs up and lets his bare feet stay on the bed to get them out of John’s way. With the small flat smelling like whatever concoction John has on the stove and something masculine underlining it, Sherlock’s muscles unwind further from their tensed arcs.
Suddenly, Redbeard lurches one way, as if stung, and Sherlock gasps, tasting rain, reining Redbeard in before the stallion can barrel into a baleful Hydria, which the horse clearly would like. The chestnut horse snaps its teeth, shakes its head, making them clack together like a rattlesnake. Sherlock leans away from it, but is alarmingly sandwiched between him and Hope.
, but Sherlock will never believe her.
The whispery hairs of Redbeard’s tail flicks against Sherlock’s side as he fixes the curve of the saddle over the horse’s withers.
Sherlock releases and spits, “Tell me!”
Sherlock says, “Is that counting the man
His mouth forms Sherlock’s name, but no sound. The man sleeps, slumped over the lower half of John’s bed, exhausted and sad over his long arms like a pillow. “Sherlock,” he manages, but the word hurts.
alone. Let the sea decide what’s right and what’s wrong.” Watson looks at Hope as the mill workers struggle to get him standing, but he’s speaking to the crowd, to the hundreds of people gathered around the rock.
“Well, you would know.” Sherlock stares down at the figurine, trying to be imposing. “What’s peculiar about it?”
, John turns his head to look behind the car, stopping to let a few tourists on rented, bright bicycles through, and then shifts again to pull onto the road. The tires bump over protruding cobblestones on the Skarmouth roads, clearly needing replacement, but smooth out as the road turns to dirt and gravel, and then to dirt altogether.
Unable to say much else beyond more surprise, Mrs Hudson makes a movement to motion down the hall and into the next room over, “There’s one off the room with the water boiler,” she says.
Vague light of the streetlamps enters the foyer through the high windows, casting yellow over the desks in front, small name plaques, and showing off the location of a hallway door behind them. Sherlock waves a hand, getting John’s attention. He steps onto the patterned rug, “This way,” he instructs lightly, glancing at the familiar picture on the wall.
Gladstone’s gaunt face swings to watch John’s retreated form, and his mouth creaks open, letting out a long, keening cry. His throat quivers with the sound.
Lestrade, bewildered, flicks his eyes between Sherlock and the castle. Sherlock darkens, willing Lestrade to make some kind of joke about an adult
But he knows they ought to stay. If there is wind or rain on the day of the race, he needs Redbeard to be solid. Not the slippery, jerky animal that he is right now.
He gasps as his back hits the ground hard, and something spatters across his face, warm and wet. His back aches as he watches the mare rear up, ripping at something mangy in her mouth. She comes back down, and Sherlock rolls out of the way of her hooves just in time as they slam into the sand, spraying grains - he's stuck on his back in shock, and realizing that it's blood on his face, and it's coming from above, not from him.
John gaped at him. "Have you been up doing it all night?"
"Nicotine patches. Yes. They help me think," Holmes snapped defensively and pulled his arm free, challenging his master's authority with his act and a defiant look.
, let me do this, and we might catch this killer
Holmes merely raised an eyebrow and chewed his food.
"Forgive me, master", he said without any arguments, although technically he would have had every right to argue. A toast and a cup of coffee were nowhere near enough for one day's meal, but the slaves who would argue their already angered master were scarce. Evidently Holmes wasn't one to risk making the situation worse for himself by direct confrontation. "I'll make myself more useful."
“All the rights concerning the body will be moved to you, of course”, the woman continued to explain. Sherlock had heard these lines every time when sold, ever since he was twenty-three.
"Discipline," John corrected his wording. "And no."
"Shall I prove it?" he prompted irritably. No reply came, so he fired away. Time to put in use the little he'd managed to make out of this man in the taxi.
She was gone by the time mistress returned. Sherlock glanced at her and turned his eyes back down immediately. She had the cane with her and she wasn't happy. But nor was he.
John glanced at the woman in pink, then Lestrade. The Detective Inspector had his hands to his face, fingers pressed on his temples. "Go ahead."
Mycroft stepped closer, and Sherlock didn't pull away when his brother brushed away an errant curl from his face. He wouldn't have admitted it in a thousand years, but it was reassuring to feel his brother's touch.
he had been made to have sex at some point. He had been shaved clean just a few weeks ago, he’d clearly been someone’s bed slave. None of that should matter as far as the slave was healthy, and he was, they all went through extensive health checks before being sold.
Sherlock stares pointedly at the cat with no tail, holding the door frame to prevent his former landlady from walking inside. The cat seems to scowl in return. Sherlock’s frown deepens. “No, she does
“No, Sherlock, in this story,” Moriarty smiles, going on as if he hadn’t heard Sherlock. “I am
The house will be seized if she fails to make her payments.
To test John’s resolve, this teasing that is obviously purposeful, Sherlock wriggles, sinking his back deeper into the plush mattress. John’s slick hand slides over Sherlock’s thigh instead of between his legs, where Sherlock wants it to go. John skims the dipping notch between his hip and navel, extending warmth and electric delight.
“I've lived here for more than two decades, I
“Yet you allow Donovan to keep after all the island’s pickpockets.”
Moriarty’s cat-smile lengthens. “I’d never thought I'd live to see the day.” Smoke, a wider smile, like the stretching mouths of the
John stares down at the broken bridle in one hand. He nods, short and decisive like he’s come to terms, pursing his lips. His brows furrow in thought when he tilts his chin up to face the ocean. “To get what I needed.”
He pulls into a stop just outside the bakery, where Hooper is always happy to supply him with water for his ride. He takes a moment to breathe, himself, and gently pats Redbeard’s neck, starting to remove his feet from the stirrups.
Oh, he hasn’t said a thing, and Sherlock’s gouged with fear. His chest is flayed. His heart is tattered, torn in two.
What’s that on the mare’s flesh-- there's something there - the weak sun glares on something that is wet. All the blood on her coat. Why is Gladstone acting so ferociously?
When dealing with the
“Clever, John.” Carefully, Sherlock presses his thumb beneath the folded, sealed edge of the envelope. The wax comes apart, crumbling to the ground, image of the horse disappearing. He removes the parchment from inside with a gentle touch, wary that he could be about to read a hint that has the possibility of slotting all his information together.
The reply comes quickly, with John terse by his neck. "I have heard you before. The last dozen times."
“The Races are tomorrow.”
Wood lines the bottom of the building, beneath the layers of brick, nails haphazardly sticking out, and rotting fibre at the edges. Splinters catch on his shoe, the toll that constant rain and weather have had on an old building. Like the sea was itself raised to rot, the wood crumbles when Sherlock gives it an experimental kick.
“Yeah?” John widens his knees for balance, forcing Sherlock to spread his legs. He drops a hand between their bodies, pulling at Sherlock’s cock.
“Wayne Redding,” Sherlock says.
where the heat is coming from. He’s radiating it in waves, it’s pouring off of him and Sherlock devours it. The back of Sherlock’s neck pricks with sweat, and his lips part. It’s not like being naked alone - being naked with John Watson is another affair entirely. It’s
Hope’s smile is sickening, and he is climbing onto the rock, shoving his hands into the holds and hauling himself up top. There’s a little discourse in the crowd at this. It has always been one rider on the rock at a time. Adler doesn’t move for him, she stays as still as Watson on the other side. She’s unwavering. This is her place, and not Hope’s. He shouldn’t be up here.
really are. What are you here for, Sherlock, Sherlock, Sherlock?”
Fazed, Sherlock narrows his eyes. Emotion clouds his vision, and when he blinks, it spills over his cheeks again. “I’ve - wanted you, too.”
He doesn’t invite Sherlock to be one of them.
“You can't go down there, Sherlock. The horses are coming up. Don't you hear that? There's… there's a water horse down there. They’re trying to get it.”
hours, and twenty-six minutes.”
Sherlock curls, ribs smashed. Moriarty kneels over him, thighs on either side of Sherlock’s, and holds his collar, throwing back his fist and landing a punch on Sherlock’s cheek, smashing his knuckles into Sherlock’s split lip. Hazy with rain and soreness, fatigue and pain and the cold, Sherlock can’t fight when Moriarty grips him by the shoulders, split knuckles running bloody-wet crimson and fastening into his coat. “No, no,
John pushes on Sherlock’s inner thighs, and Sherlock tilts them back, drawing both his legs up and planting his feet on the mattress. Exposed, the rest of his nerves awaken, mollified only when John leans over him yet again, coats his hand with the lubricant and then his cock, and settles his weight on a forearm propped by Sherlock’s head.
may only breath John’s scent.
And what does Moriarty know? Sherlock thinks, that I can’t name myself?
They’re on the troll-faced, bowler-hatted man quivering next to him.
Sherlock flushes. Here they are, out on the cliffs,
He rips his gaze away, intent on finding a grip on the reins again. He can still pull them back, still help John, and there is no planning or forethought past this singular demand of his heart. He reaches up to Redbeard’s ears, grasping where the reins have tangled with his bridle, and hauls them low to his stomach.
"You didn't want any? With the pasta, I mean?"
"Excellent", Holmes smiled. "Master?"
His exclamation finally had some effect on the man. Holmes sighed irritably and steepled his hands under his chin. He hummed.
She started at the sudden voice, then blinked and shaded her eyes with her hand against the sun.
Holmes peered his eyes opened and got up in one swift motion. Right before disappearing into the bathroom, he stopped hesitantly and slowly turned back to look at John.
Even if the Marlowes didn't entertain their friends anymore, mistress still had her students. But tonight's guest was not a student, nor was she a friend. Or so Hannah said. Sherlock didn't entertain the possibility of leaving the kitchen before the guest was gone. The kettle was on. He had the tray on the counter, teacups set and biscuits ready when Hannah returned.
"Why?" he questioned the slave.
"I'm not going to hug you, I ought to slap you", Mycroft snarled at him.
"It got it coming," the smaller of the men, still larger than John, spat out. "Arrogant little shit."
"Sherlock Holmes I imagined might have stood a chance. But now that I know what you really are... I think I'll just go find myself the real fifth victim after I'm done with you."
"I don't like your tone", John snapped. "You already had your meal this morning, so after you're done you can start cleaning the bathroom. I thought I told you to tidy up this place."
(See the end of the chapter for
He knew he sounded desperate. He
He left the violin on the sofa, made his way to the kitchen, flicked on the lights, filled the kettle and dug out the finest china from the cupboard –Mrs Hudson's, no doubt. He watched the air bubbles dance violently in the blue light of the kettle, impatiently drumming his fingers against the counter as he waited. The sound of boiling water drowned every noise around him as he despaired.
John’s jaw is tight and locked, the gleam of faraway ocean moonlight spilling over his unassuming stance.
Sherlock needs money.
Sherlock scratches Redbeard’s shoulder in a spot where some mud is caked. The stallion whirls his head around and bats at his arm with his soft muzzle. “The white one. It was nearly translucent, I know you saw her. What was wrong with her?”
She was drinking tea when the murderer came in. Otherwise, the cup would not have been left out.
Sherlock blinks. He looks back to Watson, who's idling by the varnished counter as Janine writes his name on the blackboard behind her. She writes
The wind and the water and the cliffs and Redbeard and Gladstone and Mycroft suddenly don’t
’ from tracing his script, the light from behind the grey clouds shifts, bright enough to be casting shadows on the grass for a second, and then gone again. The salt grass is almost flattened in the wind - Sherlock grips the warm thermos tighter.
Gladstone circles and screams behind them, high keening for the ocean in front of them — someone in the last of the crowd shouts, the champion horse shrieks again. He tastes sand and salt, Hope is dying—
Sherlock can picture it now. Slipping into a darkened stall, with a darker horse pressed against the wood to get away from the crystal weapon. He can hear the low whining ripping through her throat, see the foam dripping over her wobbling lips, coalescing into a scream as Moriarty gleefully slices the most precious part of her body.
He dashes about his room, simultaneously putting on his coat while snatching John’s from off his desk chair. Why did John leave it upstairs last night? It couldn’t be to dry. Sherlock was wet while he had it on, but the jacket itself is almost untouched.
“How did you know there had been a murder?” John grunts, hauling himself up by another tiny brick. The plaster crumbles underhand and he drops a few relative-feet back down, landing skillfully. He dusts himself off, unharmed. Not getting out that way.
With John behind him during the whole ride, close as he was, Sherlock had missed looking at him. John does his funny semicircle and spits in it, and Gladstone’s muscles abruptly stop their energized quivering when the saliva strikes the ground.
Sherlock scoffs. But he reads on.
“Yeah,” Now Watson’s smiling, squinting against the light. It almost looks fake, “After the beaches. Heard Philip Anderson scribed your name on a sea wish last night,” His voice hardens, then softens again, “Saw your articles in the catalogs that used to go to the mainland.”
Watson’s up by the front of the long line, next up, after the beefy man who might be the butcher’s son, who speaks to Janine with a drunk, lazy smile. A younger woman in a dress is pressed near to the butcher's side. Watson's black coat collar is turned up against the back of his neck, hiding his musical hairline. He's not looking at anyone, he's staring at the ground, minding his own business. Everyone is being jostled or pushed by the crowd, but no one is jostling or pushing Watson.
But Watson pushes his luck by asking him for more speed - Sherlock sees a heel shove into the black mass, and instead of curving away from his leg, Gladstone curves toward and around, veering across Sherlock’s path and dangerously near to the cliffs. Redbeard pulls ahead with great force as Gladstone tugs closer to the edge, wanting the saltwater.
Sherlock glances to the ground. He frowns, stands up, and removes his bloodied gloves, slipping his magnifier into his coat pocket.
Moriarty circles him. The edge of his coat brushes the backs of Sherlock’s legs.
“You're holding him too high,” John says, breaking his silence. Against the cliff he is leaning, one shoulder pushing into the chalk and crumbly bits littering over his jacket.
under
“Do we.”
What’s next? “Are you going to ask me how
Whoever is trying to hurt Sherlock may be after John as well.
Sherlock rolls his eyes, pretending to have very important things to do and be above it all. He turns on his heel and begins a walk through the street, ignoring a cycler that nearly gets in his way. The sound of John’s footsteps on the cold pavement are quick behind him, eager to catch up. The champion himself appears at Sherlock’s arm an instant later.
“Thought I would fall back on old habits. Wouldn't find a way to cash the money, or, in the event that I did, I would make a
Then, “I thought you were going to die.”
John whips the reins, turning forward, a wordless reminder that they have a ways to go. Sherlock’s frantic attention narrows to one point improbably far ahead.
“It's very interesting. A relative of the water horses could be revolutionary in their studies. Now. The fantasies. You don't think they're just legends.
Sherlock freezes at the rest of the sight.
John broadens his shoulders, just stretching his upper back a little bit, but the simple movement has Sherlock’s head spinning. Beginning to grow more irritated, the stranger and more acute his fascination and infatuation becomes, Sherlock purposefully looks away, thinking of meringue pie and the sandpipers on the other side of the beach while taking deep breaths.
“Sherlock, just get changed, get into the bed.”
are the teeth who come ashore to collect the taxing blood, payment for fishing the Scorpio sea, for living in its waters. Sherlock remembers the festival, suddenly awash in vivid color in his head, remembers pricking his finger and seeing the pool of blood in the dipping rock, reflecting orange firelight. He hears someone say, in a voice he can’t place ‘
Sherlock watches the reflection of John’s complex expression in the glass. “The same way he could get wolfsbane.”
Sherlock has never seen anything more beautiful in his life.
John considers, finally looking away from the beach.
“The engraving?” Watson ventures, glancing down and then up again.
“Why would you think anyone would lose to me?”
He looks up, squinting into the dark rain. “The setting’s a shade melodramatic, don’t you think?”
Around him walk townspeople, and riders hold bleeding fingers against their mouths with apparent disregard for bloodborne pathogens, laughing and headed towards downtown Skarmouth for a pint or for betting at Hawkins. He pushes himself against a wall to avoid them, his fingers grazing paper. Advertisements on posters for the Moriarty Stockyard auctions, posted to the outside of stone buildings, are smeared to the brick with curling adhesive. They’re barely readable in the shadowed evening.
“Yeah, you know him.”
Even if Sherlock’s theory of Mycroft and shrinking being involved is correct, there is a chance John is so committed to this character of a knight from a fantasy world that he will have acquired some intel about period-specific weaponry.
Something in his throat is thick and cloying, blocking all words. As soon as he sees John’s face, the air goes warm and fuzzy and golden. The memory of the stuffy, oppressive office begins to fade.
The upstairs ‘rooms’ were visible underneath the roof, complete with tiny lamps and tables and beds. The same craftsman that built the base clearly had their hands in the internal structure. An incoming text sounded on his mobile, stirring Sherlock out of his wonderings. Sherlock replaced the roof, rose, and shut the door behind him, careful to not damage the castle or wake Mrs Hudson.
John shifts up next to him, hand held high under Gladstone’s lead up by his bridle, touching the metal ring under his chin. Gladstone tracks the movement of a young child as her mother tugs her along before their path. They stop beside a few island vendors selling Skarmouth trinkets and scarves of Thisby wool.
For some reason, this cools Sherlock’s spreading nerves. It’s surprisingly easy to fall into this trap - the idea that someone else may hate interaction with others as much as Sherlock does.
White-hot frustration overtakes him. He clutches John by the arms again, reassessing once more. “John! You-- that - that was the most
“Horse,” Sherlock says, clipped, to Watson’s lopsided grin, “He's seventeen hands.”
Sherlock remembers his mind palace, the giant white horse with the Stockyard emblem burned into her hide, and the bloody mark all over her pelt. The attack against Beryl that had been meant for the night-black Gladstone. Sabotage against John is not an option.
“He looks like he likes you.”
“I - I wanted to get him. For you.”
Although this is the same location, there is no possibility of the butcher’s son having done this. For one, he’s in the police station, held in prison. For another, he would've killed this man the same way - stab wound to the carotid artery. The man’s an idiot and a brute, for Epona’s sake, he wouldn't be able to use… poison.
The air is brisk and the wind high. Sherlock’s mind is a whippet, darting along a looping track as he steps to the street. People filter by on the walk, going about their benign business like they don’t know any better.
“—see now why all those racing reports say so!”
He hasn't been home since before the storm.
Damn. Now John knows he's avoiding him, because Sherlock looked away again. Sherlock is pitiful.
Lestrade says some other inconsequential things. Donovan snarks. Sherlock scowls, holding his magnifying glass over the incision, and wondering if he should announce her business with Anderson to the small crowd of officers nearby.
wives…
This is Watson.
How could he possibly hope to live, even to the day of the Races?
Minute pressure (
Mike stops. He’s sweating, expression glowing in the candlelight, and he wets his lips. Nerves. Terrible nerves. He pats his forehead with the back of his hand absently. “He wasn’t betting on his son, John, look.”
Sherlock’s picking his way back across to cliffs and towards the bulk of Skarmouth, where he's parked the Ford, when he hears a high, short whistle, coming from the direction of the bonfires he’s just passed.
“But also handsome.”
“What makes you
They wanted adventure and life teetering on the edge of death, and they get it, when they come here, but why would they want this version of adventure? Why not seek out something mysterious and rational and
To make up for the disappointment that that completely did not cause, Sherlock decides to tackle the comment from moments ago, drawing back the reins so Redbeard’s head doesn’t slouch like it’s doing now. Sherlock opens his mouth, but, beating him to the punch, Redbeard blows out through his nose with his mouth shut. A greeting sound, staring up and over at Gladstone.
Sally's hum was unimpressed. "You didn't tell me why you have Lestrade's phone."
He felt like saying sorry, but honestly, who apologised to a slave? So this slave had been used to perform oral sex, so what? Plenty of people had sex with their slaves. In fact, all people with slaves had sex with their slaves. He shouldn’t feel bad or uneasy about it. He’d known this one had had more than one previous owner,
"It was an accident. We were kids and didn't know better. We thought it would be fun to bully my friend's pet. We dared him to do stuff. Climb trees, run past cars... I dared him to climb a roof and he fell. Steve's parents were really mad, understandably. So were mine. They had to pay Steve's parents, pet's a big investment, but the police was never involved."
? He’d been bored ever since setting his feet into her house, but he hadn’t complained. Much. And then one day she just said she was bored and wanted to sell him and buy someone else!
Holmes's gaze moved from the window to his master. "Consider what we know. Every victim disappeared from a crowded place, in the middle of people. No one noticed, no one reported anything suspicious. The bodies were found nowhere near the place of disappearance, and none of them had any reason to be in those places. They had to be driven there to get there so quickly, yet no one saw a weird car. So what is it?"
Sherlock bowed and returned to the bedroom with the laptop, but he didn't defy John. He cleared the browser history and put the computer away. He didn't know whether he should actually get into John's bed or not, or whether John had been referring to possible sexual activities or not. There were two ways to take the phrase "warm the bed".
"It's John," he reminded. "And I can if I want to."
"Nor should you. Just let him know you are available. It's not healthy for your master."
Truth to be told, Sherlock was surprised it had taken his brother this long to find out he was back in the country. Or perhaps it was because he had given up on thinking Sherlock would ever return, dead or alive, and had only found out by accident. Sherlock wouldn't blame him. He had not believed he'd ever see London again, either.
"Who's this?" John asked. He didn't fully turn, just glanced to his left.
"Hold him," Mycroft ordered Sandy. "Don't let him cause any trouble when someone comes for the dog."
John rubbed at his eye. "What are you doing up here? What time is it?"
"What?" John barked, the previous appreciation towards his slave forgotten instantly. "You
The little blue dot on the map was still on a road and kept moving. He told the driver to follow, hoping he wouldn't catch up too late.
"I should discipline you", John said in hopes to intimidate him. It sounded weak even to his own ears.
One of the white capsules lay in his arm's reach, but he had no idea which one it was. The room was spinning again, so he lay down, rested his cheek against the cold floor. The cabbie lay dead and unmoving.
“Yes. Extraordinary. Quite extraordinary.”
Sherlock had no memory of what those exact words had been. It wouldn't have mattered even if he had. But he remembered Mycroft's attempt to shut him up, remembered the details he'd noticed and put together like a puzzle. He had not wanted to humiliate his father and certainly not cause suffering to his mother. He just stated the fact that was now clearly obvious to him and yet no one else seemed to have noticed.
"Anything at all first."
"No. If I need anything, I'll call for Hunny."
Sherlock recoiled violently from the corpse, stumbling backwards and ripping off his gloves. He threw them away in near panic, breath caught in his throat. The room had become eerily silent.
don't sell me."
"Yeah, probably", Lestrade agreed, grimacing at the mental image of Sherlock at his home.
"Your fan described you. He told me all about you. I recognised the coat right away."
"None of your business."
"You're my owner.
wanted for you to get hurt."
"Sherlock. Sherlock Holmes. Mistress."
to fuck off?"
Mycroft didn't reply, and Sherlock kept looking at the ceiling. At least Mycroft wore a smaller collar now. It hurt to see him with the heavy, polished metal around his neck. It stung, because Sherlock knew it was because of him.
"Then you understand how important it is that Doctor Watson will keep you," Mycroft snapped.
"Sir? Master Watson, sir."
"Bit...simple. We always had to repeat orders and use simple sentences. He always arranged our shoes real neatly while we were playing. And he just loved finding chewing gum stuck under the benches. We used to make fun of him all the time. Play pranks on him and try to annoy him. He wasn't very good at his job, but it was all there was to his life. We used to beat him, just for fun. And one time..."
Mrs Hudson let go and smiled fondly at Holmes. "Oh, I know. I don't mind."
She flinched, however, and pulled her hand away.
at a crime scene? They've got their own slaves."
He had read the letter through several times, just to be sure he understood it right. And thus Captain John Hamish Watson, as the letter addressed him, now nervously stood at one of the front doors of the Greater London Institute of Slavery, an enormous building complex with offices, reception areas, waiting rooms and most importantly the holding centres where unowned slaves owned by the monopoly of the Institute were kept, trained, bred and grown. InS was responsible for the popular monthly slave auction within its compounds, and it held the title of the largest slave market in Europe. John leant to his cane, holding the letter in his free hand, attempting to figure exactly where he was supposed to go.
John ran his fingers through his hair. Despite being horrified of having lost himself to his anger like that, he was still angry. "For tonight, yeah. But that was just for disobeying me now. We'll deal with the rest tomorrow."
"Always good to see you, Sergeant Donovan", Holmes greeted with a proper bow.
"Lauriston Gardens!" Holmes repeated annoyedly, tossing back the phone. John barely caught it in time. "Hurry up!"
The slave looked insulted. "Give me your phone and I'll arrange it."
"Couple of hundred."
"You were reluctant to go. You looked at me differently. You seemed guilty. Especially after you were back."
," Sherlock quoted instead of giving a proper reply. John was...better than any of his owners before. And oddly enough he did like him. Too much, even. It would've been safer and easier, if he hadn't liked John, if John didn't make him forget what he was.
”Good for you.”
Since he had been bought, Sherlock had been his mistress's investment. Even so, he did sometimes help at the building sites. His master built roofs and installed insulation for living. Had his own small business with a few paid workers and a team of slaves. Sherlock wasn't exactly familiar with them, but he'd known them well enough to know them by names.
He shivered from cold when they locked him alone in an empty room, but to his relief Mycroft was brought in soon after. The holding cell was small, had nothing but bare, white walls, a sink, a toilet and a bunk bed on each side of the walls. There were no windows and the only light came from a dim lamp above them. Mycroft supposed they were lucky to get to share the the room with no one else in it. And at least they were allowed to stay together.
As was Holmes. He beamed on their way back and John couldn't help, but to smile as well. Holmes may have been difficult to deal with, but John just knew his initial thought had been right: Holmes was a real bargain. They stopped at a Chinese on their way and John treated Holmes a take away of his own. They'd just stepped out when John's phone chimed.
"But you lost business," he found himself saying.
"It's a three patch–"
"You don't get to decide that", John laughed out in surprise. Holmes sounded and looked like he was entirely serious.
She smirked amusedly. "It's not my real name."
Mycroft tilted his head slightly and looked a him with a calculating look for half a second. "I wish you would stop blaming yourself."
"You're a slave."
"You don't think I'll keep you?" John asked, clearly wanting to avoid any further discussion of his browsing history.
," the cabbie smirked as he watched Sherlock struggling to stay on his own two feet. He took the bottle left on the table and unhurriedly screwed the lid open.
“How did you know I have a therapist?”
Lestrade rolled his eyes. "Fine, go if you have to... But I'm pulling you in for a statement tomorrow. Or by Monday the latest. And I'll need that suitcase."
"However, as much as I would like to take advantage of your master's generous offer, I am on a schedule," Mycroft spoke, perhaps to tactfully retreat to please his brother. He dug into his pocket, then turned to hand John a business card from a metal case. "My mistress's card. Call her, and I shall be disciplined for my intrusion. My brother is not to be blamed. Goodbye, master Watson."
"Oh. And you...didn't have any other family?"
"Why wouldn't I be?"
"Holmes. Floor,
Mrs Hudson, cheerful as ever, visited around midday with biscuits and interrupted his experiments. Her slave Billy was visiting his mother who lived somewhere near Dorset Square. Mrs Hudson had seen him at Baker Street station with a "for sale" sign, handing out his owners' email addresses to those interested. She'd ended up buying him with a little IT help from Mrs Turner (or her slave) next door.
John hummed. "It's going to rain tomorrow. Where are you meeting this friend of yours?"
. To you they're just gloves, but–" He cut himself off realising how much of a slave he sounded like. It
"Forget it", John interrupted, still angry. "You can have whatever's left of the pasta. Cereals, too, if you want. I'll go and get something from the Pakistani takeaway around the corner. Just clean up whatever mess you made first", he sighed, making a vague gesture towards the kitchenette.
"I'm not in shock."
"Yes, mistress," he replied miserably. "Is there anything else I can do for you?"
He didn't need to wait even an hour before the doorbell rang.
For long seconds it was eerily quiet once the car stopped upside-down. Then Sherlock began crying.
"Wonderful," came the delighted reply from his mistress. Sherlock felt his stomach turn. "I have all the papers ready from our side. If you can–"
"We don't have any."
"Because it's only an agreement for impeccable behaviour with a hope that you'll be freed at the end of it, when in reality the master can use a tiniest fault to nullify the contract. It's just a ruse get us salves behave."
"Onto the floor!" he shouted, getting violently up from his seat. The dramatic effect was considerably lessened by his right leg buckling under him, but Holmes seemed to finally realise John was being serious and kowtowed hurriedly.
see it. It had already been two days, so if he didn't see it soon the evidence could be gone forever.
what I mean."
Added some tags, though I think they'll be more relevant in the future.
He’d just been told the man had a history of attempted escapes. What wouldn’t be a better chance to try again than the tube? They would need to go to separate cars and all the slave would have to do would be to get off at a wrong station. When (and it was definitely
He was sold quickly. Soon him and the others were taken back to wait for their new owners to collect them. A man came for him and he was finally allowed to dress while the auctioneer watched him very closely. A collar was tightened around his neck, not tight enough to hurt him, but tight enough for him to feel uncomfortable every time he swallowed. He hugged his bag as he was led away in a leash. The crossed the hall A, but no matter how hard Sherlock tried, he couldn't see Mycroft anywhere in the crowd. He was forced to follow the man outside with no shoes, no coat, no nothing but the shirt and trousers InS had given him. The ground was so cold he didn't resist at all being ordered to climb in the passenger seat of a van (roofs and insulations it said on the doors). He panicked when the man took his bag, but his new owner tugged at the leash, telling him to calm down. He would only put the bag behind the seats. Sherlock considered running then and there, but the man must have thought the same for he looped the leash around the headrest, forcing Sherlock to stay back against the seat or he'd strangle himself with the collar. Soon the man started the noisy car and drove him away, leaving InS and his previous life far, far behind.
"He had a good reason to believe it. He knew I was sold to America."
"I..." Holmes paused, reluctant to say anything.
The slave bit his lip, but stepped off his shoes, let the trousers and his pants drop on the floor and kicked them away before ripping off his socks.
"Who would notice me?" It was both the curse and the blessing of being a slave. No one cared what he saw or heard, but neither did they want to listen to him.
Apart from the obvious self-advertising it was like any other slave mag. The articles gave advices (
"Is that a no?"
"Mm", was the only reply he got.
