Dean nodded diverting his attention back to what was under the hood as his eyes scanned the engine trying to find the source of the issue.
"That's a relief, otherwise what I'm going to ask next would have been really awkward." Castiel chuckled causing Dean to snap his head back up towards Castiel in confusion. "Do you want to grab a drink with me? Maybe Saturday at the Roadhouse... 6 o'clock?"
"Is this some kind of game you're playing? With your friends? A little science experiment you got going on?" Dean suddenly questioned.
Gabe bolted up the stairs, chased by Claire. Charley began herding Meg up the stairs, who was suddenly trying to walk as slowly as possible.
In the chaos, Dean caught a few words of what Meg was saying to Jack, and Dean suddenly stopped in the middle of the staircase.
Claire stared at them. She was sitting on her bed, her homework lying open and untouched on the desk across the room. Meg was there, having apparently sneaked out to sleep in Claire’s room. She was sitting beside Claire, looking stern. She folded her small arms.
Dean wove a hand into Sam's hair to keep him from collapsing on Dean's lap. His touch was surprisingly soft. He rubbed the back of Sam’s neck and Sam smiled weakly.
“Great plan, Dean.” Sam muttered to himself, “If another werewolf comes I’ll just tell them to form a queue. ‘Your murder is very important to us.’” Sam huffed, “Once my brother’s done getting ass we’ll be right with you.”
Castiel’s orgasm felt prolonged. Maybe it was the magic, maybe it was just how angels came. Dean had no clue. He just lay there, aching and throbbing in both bliss and exhaustion, somewhere on the verge of consciousness.
“I’m in his head. I can see all his secret little feelings. Sometimes he thinks about you when he touches himself.” He bit his lip. “He wonders what it would be like… with an
Dean’s smile warmed, and Castiel flushed a little. It was a nice feeling. He’d felt numb all afternoon, but it was as if a weight had shifted off of him.
There was a collective sigh from the kids and a mad rush for the bed. Smiling slightly, Castiel turned off the lights.
Dean nodded. He looked over to see Sheriff Mills, Castiel, and his family all coming to see him. When Castiel reached Garth, Garth looked to him for confirmation.
The kids all loved Dean, and Castiel forgot how much he missed having someone around to talk to. It had been so long since he could rely on someone other than himself, and it was more gratifying than he could express. Castiel frequently came home to a warm meal, all of the kids’ tended to and happy, and the prospect of another enjoyable night relaxing with Dean by his side.
Castiel was lying in bed reading by lamplight. He’d been texting his eldest son, Jack, about visiting over the weekend. Jack was excited to see the new house all set up. He had wanted to come by sooner, but it was his first week back at college and Castiel wanted him focused on his studies. It wasn’t as if the house was going anywhere.
“If it was spontaneous human combustion then no, it wouldn’t be. But there’s only like, a few cases of that worldwide and most people don’t even think it’s a real thing.”
Sam's voice finally broke and he seized up around Dean's cock. He came with a groan, spasming around Dean. Dean hummed in bliss, assaulting Sam's prostate to push out every last drop of his cum.
Just as Castiel was resigned to speak, Sam returned with a duffel bag over his shoulder. Castiel sighed in relief.
Sam was used to Castiel doing weird things in the bunker. Said things included but were not limited to, making pb and j’s and not eating them, reading books backwards, filling the coffee pot with honey, opening every single door in the bunker, and of course, walking around at night completely naked. The first time Sam caught him, he slopped tea all over his front. He took a steadying breath and politely informed Castiel that humans do not do this.
“Small town,” Garth said. “Dean here’s the best mechanic in the area. Fixed my ride about a hundred times,” he said fondly. “Well, don't let me interrupt you. I’ll see you guys later. Don’t forget to floss!”
Mr. Smith was standing behind his desk looking exhausted and angry, but when he beckoned Sam inside, Sam knew at once that he wasn’t the object of Mr. Smith’s frustration. His computer looked like it had been moved around, and Sam noticed several things had been unplugged.
Inside the house, Castiel and Jack were sitting in the living room with Meg. They had managed to calm her down and she was sitting on Jack’s lap, her fist clenched around the sleeve of Castiel’s shirt. Castiel was still shaking.
“You got it, kiddo.” He found Dean’s sweet spot with his cock and stroked it hard. It wasn’t as intense, but it was enough to get Dean trembling again.
The attic smelled mouldy, which was actually a comfort to Castiel who had been expecting the smell of death. He found the pull cord for the light and turned it on. The bulb swayed back and forth as Castiel looked around at the dingy space. He wasn’t sure why he’d gone up there, but it seemed important—Like he’d forgotten something. He’d never been very intuitive, but lately it felt like something was trying to guide him, or warn him. There was nothing in the attic except spare boxes, containers, and miscellaneous supplies. It seemed impossible that a woman had committed suicide right there all those years ago.
A jolt of fear froze Gabe to the spot. His eyes widened as he saw a strangely misshapen figure hovering in the shadow. It was tall and wispy, and a horrifying, ragged murmuring was emanating from the spot where it swayed. What looked like limbs extended outwards, strangely bent and scratching frantically at the wall. Gabe realized that whatever it was, it was moving towards him along the wall.
Sam gaped and sputtered, unable to say another word. Crowley knew Sam lost it when he rimmed him. Sam’s whole body throbbed, and he thought he’d lose his mind for sure. It didn’t last, though. Too soon Crowley stopped and walked around Sam. Sam eyed him desperately, his cock aching for contact. He didn’t ask for it again, though. He already knew the answer.
Sam and Dean made out of the Men of Letter’s couch, slowly, warmly. Then Dean let Sam handcuff him to the railing behind the couch. Sam could tell Dean needed this, and Sam was more than willing to give it to him. He slid a knee under Dean, so Dean was sitting on Sam’s lap, Dean’s back on the couch and his hands restrained above him. Sam resumed their kiss, a slow but seeking kiss, as he unbuttoned Dean’s shirt.
Castiel glanced at him warily, “That was risky, Sam. If you hadn’t gotten to me in time you would have been warded, too.”
Dean caught the bottle. His expression didn’t change. He stepped over Sam’s lap and pushed him back against the couch. Sam lowered his tea, staring up at his brother wearily.
Castiel woke early on Saturday morning. He tried to go back to sleep, but it was no use. The second his eyes opened his mind began replaying the previous day—his argument with his son, the frightened looks on his children’s faces, and Dean’s mugshot. When he finally couldn’t take it anymore, he got up to use the bathroom.
The sound of muffled, running footsteps perforated her dreams, followed by the sound of a thin board being dragged across the ceiling. Still, she slept on. Even as the smell of sulfur began to fill the air, she didn’t wake. Her nose wrinkled and she fidgeted in her sleep, but she didn’t see the wall beside her turning black. She didn’t see the hands, children's hands, growing out of the darkness and stretching blindly towards her. Slowly, they began dragging her towards the wall. Her dark eyebrows contracted as if she was having a bad dream. She didn’t see the tall figure in the doorway, broad and pitch black, wielding a blackened sledgehammer and emitting raw heat.
Castiel closed his eyes. Horror was rising in him like black water. His hand shook slightly around his glass. “And they, um, they found one of the children, right?” He prompted at last.
Castiel’s blue eyes were dark with promise. His breath was heavy, falling off his lips in pants. It sounded like it was right in Dean’s ear.
Sam sat up and watched, his hair a mess and his eyes hazy with satisfaction, "So, why ‘Sam Wesson'? I mean, you could have just dropped us into TV land again, but instead you made this whole universe."
Sam looked out from his blanket in surprise. Dean was putting the laptop down on the side table and walking over to Sam. Sam sat up, abandoning all pretense of sleeping.
She looked up at him, clutching an old walkman and squinting suspiciously at him. “Will this fix the lights?”
Castiel dropped to Dean’s side. Dean was clutching his leg and blood was darkening his jeans. Castiel could see where he’d been hit and knew at once that his knee was broken.
Overall, it had been a successful mission for all involved. Castiel healed Meg’s body and she returned to it without issue. She seemed happy to have herself back, except she kept hinting that she missed having one part of Sam in particular. Sam avoided everyone’s gaze for a while, but eventually everything returned to normal. When Meg thanked him for temporary housing, he thanked her back and smiled at Castiel. Castiel blushed furiously.
As they talked, a thought occurred to Castiel. Admittedly it was one that had been visiting him all afternoon. He looked at Dean, his smile fading slowly.
Castiel nodded breathlessly. He watched in hazy arousal as Meg gripped Castiel’s cock firmly and positioned herself over it. He felt her raw heat kiss the head of his cock, then slowly swallow him whole.
Crowley smirked and Sam felt it go right to his cock, “No.” He said simply, then walked back to the table.
“Morning, Sammy.” Dean grinned. Sam tore his gaze away, so Dean grabbed his face, his demon strength still a fair match for Sam’s demon powers. “I’m going to ask you a few questions, and you’re going to answer them. Sound fair?”
Castiel walked out dressed head to toe in leather and denim. He had an open leather vest exposing his broad chest and a loose Kentucky bowtie dangling off his collarbone. The bulge in his form fitting jeans was framed sinfully by leather chaps. His look was completed by tall leather boots, a large belt, and a cowboy hat shadowing his face. He had on a look that could only be described as Kilmer-esq.
Castiel was happy to have some alone time, but he was even happier that his kids all got along so well. His own family certainly hadn’t been that way. Feeling relieved and temporarily at peace with the world, Castiel took a moment to watch the Autumn leaves falling outside the kitchen window. It wasn’t until his eyes fell on the sink that he remembered why he’d been so miserable earlier. The Ghostfacers had been a fiasco, and Dean had stopped texting him completely.
“Rowena will be here soon,” Dean assured him in a voice of forced calm, “I’ll stay with you until then.”
Dean rolled again. This time, Sam bit back a moan. He was fully erect now, and Dean's heat was undeniable.
Dean’s hand flew down to stroke himself, making his own knot show from the sheer pleasure of it all. He hadn’t knotted without topping in years. He threw his head back and moaned. He felt Ketch’s hand come up to massage his knot, and he bit back a whimper. Ketch helped pump the last few drops from him, then they both melted beneath the shaking chandelier.
Sam was nearly gone, but Dean kept his hold on the collar and kept him going. At times it was the only thing keeping him moving. Sam was so breathless and horny, he could barely orientate himself to keep sucking. His thighs shook as Dean reaffirmed his grip, making sure to brush Sam's neck with his knuckles. Sam was leaning against Dean's thighs, his hips shaking as Dean sporadically rubbed his defenseless cock, now leaking onto Dean's leather boot.
“Mrs. Bishop returned home once her and the house were both repaired, and she lived there for years in total isolation. She’d stand on the front porch every night, some say to wait for her husband and children to come home. Disturbed by this behavior, no one stayed out long after dark. I saw her many times while watering my moon lilies,” he said.
That’s why Dean loved blowing Cas. When he really wanted him to loosen up, all he had to do was wrap his lips around him. Something about it ruffled up all those angelic feathers and brought out the human in him. It was absolutely divine.
“...hang themselves. It’s an unusual method of suicide in a town this size, period. So I’m thinking… Dude!” Sam finally looked up as Dean plucked the laptop right out of his blanket covered lap.
Sam refused to look at it. Dean knew his blood lust fed into his sexual lust, and vice versa. Coming to that realization was still the best Friday night of Dean’s life.
Finally, Castiel told Dean and Garth what Sheriff Mills had said. As he suspected they were both amazed by the information. They told Castiel that cremating someone usually does away with their ghost. Although they’d burned Mrs. Bishop’s body and the two children’s, and all three of them showed themselves the previous night. It looked like burning the house down did the trick.
They all considered this for a moment. Castiel, Dean, and Garth all understood the ramifications of Mr. Bishop’s possession, but they decided to leave talk of demons out of the conversation. Ghosts were enough to contend with, at least for the time being.
Jody gave Castiel a sympathetic look, then leaned forward to speak to the children. “Whatever you’ve heard about this house, it isn’t true. There’s no such thing as ghosts. I promise.”
Sam woke up three hours later, bleary eyed and hungry. Dean was snoring slightly with the laptop on his stomach, so Sam closed it and set it aside. He threw the extra blanket over Dean and went to make some food. He felt strangely better. Maybe he really did just need some sleep.
Sam shot Dean a sly look. Dean cleared his throat, flushing even more, and took the bag stealthily. “You’re the best, Cas.”
Dean looked at him and his mind went blank. It was bliss. He knew it was selfish, it was wrong, but he'd never wanted anything so badly in his life. He felt Castiel’s hand move down his arm. He felt Castiel’s fingers intertwine with his. Castiel was so close his nose could have brushed against Dean’s.
Rowena called bullshit. She arrived not ten minutes later and questioned all three of them about it. Luckily only Dean and Castiel had any real grasp of what the spell was, and they both feigned ignorance. Dean had a creeping suspicion that Rowena knew exactly what had happened, but she kept her lips pursed.
Sam wanted to elbow him but he was too shaky, so he just glared at him instead. Still, the glazed look in his eyes was undeniable and it made Dean grin like an idiot.
Castiel nodded, his pupils blown and his lips parted. “It’s… ‘fucking hot’,” he rasped. He lowered his hips and angled a thrust into Dean’s prostate felt a rush of satisfaction as Dean’s witty retort fell apart on his lips.
There were a few times throughout the night that Dean realized Sam was hard again and groaning in his sleep. Those moments Dean put his books aside and slid his lips all the way down over Sam’s pulsing cock. Sam whimpered and whined while Dean let Sam knot his throat, unwaking. The sounds Sam made as he came were almost sweet. Dean did this two more times before Sam’s rut finally seemed to subside for the night.
Gabriel loved that. Sam was so wrecked, so completely undone and overwhelmed with pleasure, yet he always answered Gabriel. And he always answered yes.
Dean opened the kiss and Castiel tasted him properly for the first time. He didn’t taste like grass or oil. His taste was wholly and purely
Castiel tried to mask how thunderstruck he was. He swallowed thickly and looked away. Dean gave him the courtesy of resuming his cleaning.
"We hunted a Wendigo, Cas. Fifteen years ago. It got away. So we came back here to finish the job," Dean said. His voice was gruff and worn. He could feel Castiel squinting at him.
Dean was sat on throne chair, something he always swore he wouldn’t do, watching Sam writhe and shake on the floor. Dean had his phone in his hand with his thumb on a new app. It didn’t take long to convince Sam to try it, and the effect was instantaneous.
Gabe glared at his father. Meg had resumed singing ‘you’re in trouble’ under her breath and Dean tried to hush her.
Charley, Gabe, Claire, and Meg, were standing on the sidewalk across the street in their pajamas, staring up at the house, their pale faces looked like ghosts in the moonlight.
Sam’s face fell, “Cas, what did you...” He looked at the tub, which was now more bubbles than water, or even Castiel. Sam gaped at him, “Seriously? Did you use the whole bottle?”
The fireworks in Castiel’s stomach erupted throughout his entire body, and from the way Dean’s hands jumped to Castiel’s face he knew Dean was feeling them, too. Within seconds they were kissing each other like teenagers. A few magnets fell to the floor, unnoticed by either of them as they made out against the fridge.
Castiel took a steadying breath. “It was rough. Really rough. But I knew the only way I was going to make it was by making fatherhood my number one priority. I quit my job, dropped out, and became a PT.” Castiel looked a little sad at this, but there was no regret in his eyes. “Jack helped out a lot. I don’t know what I would have done without him. He’s going to be a great doctor.”
Once Tessa left, Castiel looked to Dean. Dean had gotten his color back, and he was more freckly than ever. He looked like he had a sunburn. He still had some soot in his hair, and he had some stitches on his shoulder and forearm, not to mention the cast. Castiel was surprised that anyone in that state could look so handsome. Castiel reached out for Dean’s hand and Dean took it, grinning at him again.
Sam didn’t have time to register his relief. In the next second, Dean was pressing into his body and Sam was crying out in satisfaction.
For a moment he paused, staring into one of the Shurley children’s rooms. It was a blue room with a packed bookshelf, a thick space-themed comforter, and a large desk covered in stickers where the snake’s container sat. Dean would have given anything to have a life like that. A family, a nice house, maybe some kids. Was he really going to ruin it for Castiel, just like it had been ruined for him? No, Dean thought. He was doing this to
Dean seemed unable to fully support himself in the chair, so Castiel began fumbling with the restraints, undoing them one by one. Once Dean was freed, Castiel pulled him close and eased him onto the floor. Now completely winded, they sat on the floor together, leaning against one another, neither speaking, neither moving. The passing of time that once seemed so mercurial to Castiel was now precious. He couldn’t sense Dean’s humanity, but he didn’t need his grace for that. He could feel it in the way Dean withheld his full weight against Cas, unwilling to burden himself upon Castiel completely.
Mortimer nodded gravely. “Sad days. Terribly sad days,” he said. “Nowadays neighbors would rather be rude to newcomers than relive that nightmare, I’m afraid,” he said, a note of apology in his voice.
Dean looked at Castiel and, without a word, Castiel pulled him into his arms. Dean wanted to run, to fight, to do anything but stand there and sink into Castiel's embrace, but he couldn't move. He lowered his face into Castiel's shoulder and felt a warmth that no flames could provide. It pushed the cold off his skin, purging him of sin and putting him back in his body. He put his shaking arms around Castiel. For a moment, he felt no pain. His tears flowed freely but there was no shame. Dean knew what it meant, and he felt sick with himself. He wiped his eyes once more and pulled away.
The flavors burst in his brain and shot straight to his cock. He tasted like sex; pure, raw, Alpha sex. Dean’s knuckled grazed the tattoo, and he could see the rest of it down his trousers. Dean grabbed them with both hands and hurriedly unbuttoned them, eager to taste more. Ketch grabbed Dean’s short hair and leaned into him as Dean licked a wide path up his tattoo. Ketch shuddered and pushed Dean back against the chair, making it skid into the table.
Castiel hadn’t meant to sound harsh, but something in his chest had become suddenly painful. It was like a balloon had just popped, deflating him. “I don’t know about any ‘legend’, and frankly I don’t want to.” Dean’s expression hardened. He opened his mouth as if to argue, so Castiel added, “This is my family’s home now. And if you’re only here because of a legend then you can leave.”
Jack stood there in his beige jacket, smiling brightly at his father and siblings. The boys and Meg rushed him and Jack bent down to hug them.
Sam seemed to snap out of it, but instead of clarity filling his expression, it was lust. He stared heatedly as Dean climbed onto his lap. Dean had never looked more like an Alpha, and yet he bowed his head onto Sam’s shoulder and rubbed himself against his jaw, presenting the back of his neck to him. He was succumbing to a sudden, indisputable desire to be dominated by the Alpha that claimed him all those years ago. At that, Sam just about lost his mind. The feral groan he emitted sent chills of shameless, submissive pleasure down Dean’s spine.
Castiel walked back to the table, resigning himself for another ghost discussion, but Meg didn’t ask about ghosts.
Sam tilted his head knowingly, “Oh Cas, it’s nothing to be ashamed of. Sam is pretty hot after all. Doesn’t take a genius to notice that.” He leaned casually against a crate. “So what do you say? Should we have a little fun before the cavalry arrives?” He purred.
Charley had gotten the idea to use holy water, so Castiel bought a cross. He hoped it was still considered holy, even if it had a ‘clearance’ sticker on it. Inspired by Charley’s revelation, Gabe picked out the biggest water gun in the store. Castiel let him put that in the cart, too. Castiel had never been very religious, but accepting that ghosts existed brought up startling new equations that Castiel didn’t have the energy to resolve yet. Claire contributed by finding an iron crowbar and an iron pipe the size of a baseball bat from the auto aisle. Resigned to getting the strangest of looks from the cashier, Castiel finally headed to the check out lane.
While Jack and the kids watched a movie in the livingroom, Castiel went out to the garage. He found what he was looking for, a combination lock, and headed back inside and up the stairs. He could see the glow of the light from the TV and heard soft talking from his kids as he reached up to lock the attic door closed. He wasn’t sure a lock would help, not after everything he’d seen, but he figured it couldn’t hurt. Something made him pause, however. Glancing back at the lights from the living room, Castiel pocketed the lock and opened the attic door. The hallway was dark and he couldn’t see anything through the small, black hole in the ceiling, but he pulled the stairs down and climbed up.
Sheriffs Mills and Hanscum both arrived later in the day to check on The Shurley family. It turned out that they were right about the bones. They belonged to the two missing kids and they’d been exposed to the elements for years, suggesting they’d been cremated for a long time. As far as the Sheriffs were concerned, their biggest unsolved case was officially solved.
Dean took his hands off Sam and let him spit the thermometer into his hand. Sam made sure there was a lot of drool. Dean made a face and wiped his hand on his jeans as they both looked down at it.
He turned just in time to see Mrs. Bishop rise out of the flames and lunge at him. She threw him into the stairs and he only just managed to hang onto his rifle. But he couldn’t reload fast enough. The shells hit the ground and rolled into the growing inferno as Mrs. Bishop bore down on them, arms extended towards Castiel.
Dean stared at Sam. Sam was trying, and failing, to hold back a grin. Finally, Dean cracked a smile. “Yeah. I know.”
Dean roared. He thrashed in his bonds, but it was useless. His arm was trapped in the leather straps and by Castiel’s grasp, and Castiel didn’t ease up until Dean had collapsed back in the chair. The effort affected them both, however. As Dean panted and caught his breath, Castiel gripped the back of the chair to steady himself.
The girls all woke up to the smell of pancakes and came downstairs to eat with Charley and Gabe. Kaia went home shortly afterwards. Once she was gone Castiel told Claire what happened. Claire reacted similarly to her brothers, looking startled and worried, but unlike her brothers she became excited by the prospect of taking on a ghost.
It’s been a week since Sam and Dean narrowly escaped Dick Roman Industries with their lives and a stolen block of clay in a briefcase. It had been days since the demon tablet was recovered and Castiel woke from his penitent slumber. And still, Dean couldn’t accept the fact that Castiel might never truly be himself again.
Sam nodded desperately, sparks of pleasured pain wrecking him with every thrust. He was so full that Gabriel’s thrusts felt like he was fucking the cum deeper into his body.
The front lawn rippled in the breeze,  and the grass was damp under Castiel’s feet. He ran halfway across the front yard before the sidewalk came fully into view. With a sinking sensation, he realized there was no one standing there.
After four years apart, the brothers were finally back together, with impossibly more baggage than ever before.
When Dr Hannah came in to check on Dean, she spotted Castiel there and smiled, but then her eyes fell on the empty burger wrappings and napkins in the trash. She eyed Castiel flatly. Both he and Dean feigned innocence.
The backyard was large and grassy, with a firepit in the middle and the barn-like garage off to one side. It didn’t have a fence, but the surrounding foliage provided a lot of privacy. They could barely see the walking path behind their yard. Gabe was already climbing the biggest tree to get a better look at the neighbors’ yards, while Charley yelled at him below.
When Castiel opened the front door he was relieved to see a very real person standing there. Granted, if Castiel hadn’t seen his neighbor from across the street a few times already, he might have indeed thought it was a ghost rather than a person. His neighbor was tall and thin with a pale, gaunt face and dark yet alert eyes. His black hair was swept back, giving him a hawk-like appearance. Castiel thought he looked like an undertaker.
Castiel threw his hand into the cabinet and grabbed the salt. The woman’s scream was becoming audible—A horrible, stomach-churning sound like the creaking of an old house in the wind. Gravity seemed to kick back in and the figure suddenly dropped over him. But Castiel had opened the salt. He threw the container upwards just in time.
“One hundred. I want you to count to hundred. If you mess up, you start over. You may come only after you’ve reached one hundred,” Cain said clearly.
Sam swallowed, getting a jolt of arousal right to his cock. Sam turned to face Castiel, and Castiel shoved him onto the bed.
Castiel’s eyes raked over Sam’s body. He was a mess from the hunt, but the smell was heaven to Castiel. Sam’s tanned, hard body spread out for him, soaked in adrenaline and heat. Castiel climbed over Sam and took him into an all consuming kiss.
Castiel was unresponsive. He reaffirmed his hold on Dean, then flipped him over. Dean groaned outright. He couldn’t help it. The objectification got to him, and it sent a flare of arousal straight to his groin. He knew what was coming next. Sure enough, he felt Castiel climb on top of him, grappling him brutally to the ground.
Crowley loved the sharp breaths Sam took. He loved the way Sam’s body jumped in his bonds. Most of all, he loved the way Sam got off on it. This wasn't punishment; this was a reward. Crowley raked his nails down Sam’s ass and Sam groaned.
“...They bring their victims to their nest and hold them there...” Sam remembered vaguely, “Then they… then trap them while they suck… oh god.”
Castiel awoke Thursday morning feeling oddly drained. He couldn’t remember why at first, until he recalled the conversation he’d had with his kids the previous day, that and his new mission to research the legend associated with their house.
“We’ll go through your house,” Ed resumed, still speaking in that low, dramatic voice, “find all the ghosts, and exorcise them… back to
, because he won’t take five seconds for himself. You’re going to hurt yourself, Sam!” Dean said seriously. “You need to sit there, and… why don’t you take a nap or something? How many hours have you gotten this week? Three? That’s why you’re not getting better...”
Dean was silent. He felt the cane drag over his collarbone as Cain walked around his front. Then the dragging, unnerving sensation vanished, replaced with another sharp slap, this time to Dean’s chest. Dean keened slightly in surprise.
Gabe sneaked across the stranger’s lawn and over to a flower bed. He grabbed the biggest, brightest flowers and pulled them clumsily by the stems.
Castiel and his kids cleaned up and got ready for bed in high spirits. He was relieved that there was no more talk of ghosts, but he still paused by the front door before turning off the lights. He could hear the wind blowing outside, shaking the trees like waves on the ocean. He looked through the peephole and was happy to see nothing but the lamp-lit street outside. He sighed deeply.
"God, you're so boring," he groaned. Before Sam could retort, Dean sighed and said, "Guess I'll go masturbate for eight hours. Don't wait up." Dean said it as a joke, but when Sam gave him a surprisingly dirty look, Dean added, "Unless you want to join me."
Dean knew what about to happen seconds before Castiel touched him, but he didn't do anything to stop it. Castiel's warm, surprisingly gentle grip found Dean's arm, and Dean felt hot tears slide past his eyelashes, burning his frostbitten cheeks.
Castiel looked surprised. For a moment his wings shrunk a little, like they were hiding, but then he relaxed again. “Oh really? Well...” He nuzzled Sam’s lips with his own. “Sam Winchester is welcome to see them anytime he wants.”
Sam couldn’t believe what he was hearing. He stood there, torn between shock at Gabriel’s thoughtfulness and his insanity.
Sam smiled and took his laptop back. Dean kissed the top of his head and Sam brushed him off like a fly. “Get out of here. Go do the dishes or something.” He bit his lips, trying not to grin.
“Hey, the human body is nothing to ashamed of. It’s a thing of beauty.” Dean informed him, “Don’t censor me.”
Their conversation was brief, but it was enough consent for Dean. Dean broke. His grip on Sam loosened and Sam took that as his cue.
The small figure was crawling on the ceiling above him, its limbs sinking into it as if the plaster was quicksand. Castiel’s eyes closed of their own accord, his mind unable to take in the grotesque sight. It’s face had been disfigured like the child in the kitchen, like someone had attacked it with a hammer. He threw more salt upwards and felt rather than heard the figure dissipate.
“I was in the neighborhood and you weren’t answering your phone,” Dean said casually, “so I wanted to check in.”
Sam swallowed. He opened his mouth to respond with a better, more convincing response, but Crowley cut him off.
Outside, the trees swayed and creaked in the breezy night. The road gleamed like a black river under the street lights. Not a car or person could be seen outside 525 Elmwood Avenue. Summer was almost over, giving way to the reds and golds of Autumn. Inside the house, all was quiet, except for the kitchen sink which, in the dead of night, gurgled and spat out black water.
Castiel woke Saturday morning already exhausted by the day ahead. Charley was sleeping beside him, having sneaked in at some point during the night. Castiel was used to waking up to at least one of his kids hogging the bed, although it hadn’t been Charley for a while.
Sam knew what he was talking about, and couldn't help but feel a little proud. “Yeah, I guessed that much," he teased.
Castiel wasn't sure what came over him. Part of him had just wanted to shut Balthazar up, he was always flirting with him with that sly wit, but another part of Castiel was lonely and, frankly, pent up. So after Balthazar propositioned him for a snag or a shag or whatever the heaven he'd suggested, Castiel agreed.
“Swear at me all you want, Sammy. But you’re mine tonight,” Dean grinned. He bent over and just breathed on Sam’s cock, making it twitch. “And I am having way too much fun to let you cum.”
Castiel blinked. He had to repeat the question in his head. He was sure Dean meant, go with him, but did it also mean… was Dean asking him
Sam’s smile widened. He folded his arms across his broad chest and leaned on one hip, doing a striking impression of Meg. “You
Dean looked unusually grave. “You can’t blame yourself for that. People die everywhere all the time. It doesn’t mean a place is haunted,” he lied. He couldn’t stand the look on Castiel’s face. “How many ghosts have you seen at the hospital you worked at?”
“Everything’s great actually,” Dean said. “I got my cast off finally. Hannah’s harping on about therapy though so I figured I’d give you a call. I don’t suppose you have any openings?” He asked knowingly.
That’s why one evening after a hunt Sam found himself handcuffed to the motel bed with his legs locked behind Dean's head, while Dean passionately had his way with him. Sam may have been the stronger one, but Dean had a talent for tying him up and filling him to the brim. It was like his ass was made for Dean’s cock.
They had just finished hunting a vengeful spirit and were too tired to do anything but sit on the couch in their motel room at three am and watch whatever was on TV. They’d been so unusually busy that they’d abandoned their normal routines. Dean knew there was something he was forgetting, but he hadn’t had a second to himself to figure out what it was, until Sam rested his head against Dean’s.
Castiel gave Dean an apologetic look then took Meg’s hand. “I’ll be back in about ten minutes. Help yourself to anything in the fridge.”
Castiel swallowed, trying not to let Dean's lingering taste overtake him yet again. "Dean," he mustered. "Is this really want you want right now?"
Sam had never felt so claimed. Finally, Crowley seemed content with the damage he’d done and stepped back to admire it all. Sam was bitten up, bruised, wet, and trembling in relief. There was a puddle on the floor beneath him. And all of it was for Crowley.
Sam exchanged an awkward smile with the janitor who was the only other person in the elevator and watched the doors slide closed.
“Hello, Sam.” Castiel said. He looked to Dean and, like Sam, found himself staring. Except Castiel’s eyes fell straight down, “Dean.” He greeted him stiffly.
Ketch planted his hand firmly on Sam’s ass and rolled their hips together. “Are you challenging me, Mr. Winchester?” He rose a brow.
Unfurling them was like taking off a heavy coat after a very, very long day. He stretched them out and was surprised by how good it felt. They didn't hurt any more, but Castiel never presumed they would feel
Gabriel fucked him one more time, whispering words of encouragement into Sam’s ear, “You’re so full Sam. I’ve got you right where I want you. So full of my cum. So well bred and well fucked. I want you to wear a plug from now on so I can keep you full of my cum. So I know that wherever you are, under all those clothes, you’re still being bred by me. Over and over again. Want you to masturbate full of my cum, let it seep into you. Wanna see you pregnant, baby.”
his wings or was it just a turn of phrase? Castiel's brow furrowed. A part of him didn’t want to know, but his lips formed the question before he could stop them.
It wasn’t until Castiel was standing in Charley’s room, having deposited Felix back into his box, that he began to wonder what had caused his four youngest kids to become so spooked.
Castiel’s smile faded in the moonlight. It was chilly and windy outside. Autumn had arrived at last. Leaves swept down the street, dancing in the lamplight. A few houses had begun to put up Halloween decorations. Castiel’s eyes dropped to his own porch, lingering on the subtle dip in the wood right in front of the door. He stared at it for a long time then, at last, shut the door and went to bed.
It took a long time for Castiel to relax and fall asleep. Halfway through the night, he awoke with a start. He’d felt, rather than heard, his door open and was relieved to see it was only Charley. Castiel let him sleep in his bed, internally grateful for the company. He watched Charley’s silhouette crawl under the covers then heard the familiar sound of his son breathing.
Dean stopped moving and just stared at him. A small smile parted his lips, “Rookie move, Cas. Saying I love you during sex,” he joked. But when Castiel’s expression didn’t change, Dean’s did. “You don’t mean that...”
Castiel had brought some of the kids’ old clothes to change into and then, at their insistence, they all went to visit Dean. They found him lying in bed, surrounded by several young nurses who were all giggling. When Castiel walked in, Dean gave him a sheepish smile. The nurses left so Castiel and the kids could visit with him, and Castiel could have sworn some of them cast him annoyed looks. Garth chuckled and Castiel felt himself flush.
Dean suddenly felt uncomfortable with himself. He couldn't stand sitting still. He got up and walked to the empty fireplace. He could feel Castiel's eyes on him as he examined an old iron poker.
There it was. The case. Gabriel rolled his eyes. “Can’t we do both?” Gabriel offered, leaning over Sam. He shared a kiss with him, loving the combined taste of Sam on his lips and tongue, “Trust me.” He purred.
Dean popped another piece of bacon in his mouth, then adopted a suddenly professional expression. “Has it been giving you any more trouble?”
Crowley had discovered months ago that Sam loved to be stimulated after orgasm. Every touch gave Sam such sharp, direct pleasure that it hurt. It was Sam’s favorite kind of pain. Sam thrust weakly, only managing to swing a little bit. Crowley smirked. He teased Sam’s slit, leaving Sam hovering in his post-orgasmic state and rocking on Crowley’s shoulder.
Both boys froze. The frantic, hard sound pierced the still air. It sounded like it was moving across the door. The noise faded as it passed over them and headed down the hallway. Instead of feeling relieved, however, they both looked at each other in horror. Claire was next door.
Dean couldn’t move his head, so he gave him a silent thumbs up. Gabriel chuckled, rocking Dean’s body gently. Dean could vaguely feel himself back in the bunker with the real Gabriel. His body there was melting with pleasure, too. He could feel Gabriel’s fingers inside him, yet he was here with dream Gabriel’s cock inside him.
“You don’t have to answer. I’ve already figured it out. It’s why you wanted to meet so badly tonight...”
Castiel used his fingers to hold her lips apart as he ravaged her with his tongue. He brushed his chin stubble along her weeping entrance, making Meg jump and giggle. Then he pressed his nose into her and sucked, using his teeth to gently coax her clit into his mouth.
Sam shut his eyes, getting a little rush of submissive arousal despite his efforts at self-control. He flexed his hands, “Are we gonna start or are you just gonna stare at me all night?” Sam teased.
Something had caught Castiel’s eye and he did a double take. Gabe looked, too. It had happened so quickly that, despite his anger at his dad, Gabe shuffled closer to him in fright.
They were out of time. A strange chill passed through them both. For a moment Castiel wondered if it was death. But then they both saw, as if through a tunnel, Mrs. Bishop rising up over them, staring down the creature that had destroyed her family. She screeched, and it raised his sledgehammer.
Finally, Dean felt both versions of himself in perfect sync – two of Gabriel’s cocks filling him so heavily that Dean could barely move. Gabriel was panting against his back and Dean felt his wings drape over him, although he wasn’t sure in which bedroom. Gabriel kissed Dean’s neck in both realities, then he started to move.
Crowley was immensely pleased by Sam’s reaction, “You were awfully eager to meet.” He eyed Sam indecently, “Shall we skip the small talk?” Crowley walked past him and began inspecting his tools.
Dean nodded. “I’ve always liked this house. It’s one of the oldest around, you know? There’s a lot of history in these walls.”
Naomi considered this. “Well, I’ll see if I can arrange something. You and your family can stay here for the time being.”
“Meg, she...she had problems,” he explained. “She’d gotten better but... those kinds of problems… they always come back. She’d been off her meds for a few days,” he sighed. “I should’ve known. Shouldn’t have let her drive. Someone hit her and, well, she came into the hospital while I was working. There was no chance.”
Charley wiped bits of wood off of his glasses then rolled up his sleeves and began climbing. “I’m the oldest now, so, yeah, I am in charge.”
Castiel watched him bump hard into one of the guys getting out of the van, who turned in confusion. Castiel wanted to go after him, but in the next second the Ghostfacers were coming up to greet him. Castiel recognized the two young men in front. This time they were joined by a larger man and a petite girl, all looking painfully serious.
Dean gets injured while on a hunt with Ketch and accidentally learns one of his secrets. The two Alphas bond over it, with unexpected consequences.
“Alright, alright,” Castiel quieted them. “We can camp out here tonight.” Excited babbling broke out. “But you all have to wake up on time for school tomorrow!” He added, knowing fully well that part would be ignored. Jack smiled in amusement.
Dean. And by the sound of it, Dean had no problem with this. Castiel felt Dean’s legs cross over his back, urging him on. Soon they were both groaning, no longer able to meet each other’s lips. Dean began panting Castiel’s name and Castiel could tell it was a warning. Castiel upped the pace, feeling the warmth in him expanding powerfully, threatening to overtake him. Dean’s hands held tight around Castiel’s shoulders as he muttered strings of encouragement into his ear.
Dean could tell Castiel wanted to give him the option of refusing, but he didn’t refuse. He let Meg lead him and Garth into the empty waiting room. There was an awkward silence as Castiel entered behind them, a silence Meg was filling seamlessly with chatter.
Castiel nodded. “He’s always known Kelly was his biological mom. I kept a lot of pictures and videos of her. He loved Meg, too, of course. He called her Mom. When he was older and started asking more questions, Meg and I told him everything,” he explained. “I grew up in a family full of secrets. I didn’t want to do that to my kids. But he took it well. He’s always been strong.”
Garth sighed. He couldn’t remember the last time Dean had been in his car and not scoffed at the ill-fitted cd player, messy floor, and leis (or flowery hippie shit, as Dean called it) hanging from the mirror, but tonight Dean barely noticed.
“You know,” Jack said seriously, “if you ever need any help around here, I could always come home for a bit. There are a lot of classes I can take online, and the hospital is only…”
“Good answer,” she purred. “You know, I keep my promises, Clarence. And I said I was going to thank you,” she dragged her nails down Castiel’s chest, leaving faint red lines. She tickled down to his cock, earning a small shudder from him, “You ready, baby?”
He felt more ridiculous than ever as he walked around the house, sage in one hand, phone in the other, while he read the WikiHow instructions. He’d just opened the front door to finish the ritual and ‘send all the evil spirits out’ (Castiel hoped rolling his eyes too much wouldn’t nullify the process) when he saw someone walking up to his front porch.
Sure enough, Gabriel groaned hotly and his cock throbbed in Sam’s ass. Gabriel’s hips shuddered to a halt, pressing hard against Sam’s ass. Sam felt Gabriel’s cum seep into him deeper than it ever had, and Sam gasped a moan around the gag. Gabriel tilted his head back, thrusting lazily through his pleasure.
Dean's cock twitched. It was so rare to hear Castiel talk like that. It sent shivers down Dean's spine.
Castiel held Dean to him, kissing him on the war table. The compressing, creeping silence that had plagued the bunker evaporated at last. The bunker felt bigger, and Castiel's wings felt too heavy to carry. It was a wonderful weight.
“How great would it be,” Garth said, his smile fading, “if we finally ended this? You know, the bodies they never found? The last two kids? I’ll bet you anything they’re still in the house, stashed away in the walls like the first two.” Garth looked at the house gravely.
Castiel’s chest rose and fall with every suck and pet of Dean’s tongue, and soon he was sputtering Dean’s name.
Wednesday afternoon Castiel found himself alone for the first time in days as he set up the cabin’s bathroom for the kids. He was staring at a painting of waterfowl in the mirror’s reflection when a sound made him jump. The sink had turned on. The unexpected rush of water paralyzed Castiel, causing fear to spread through him like smoke, until he realized he’d accidentally nudged the faucet with his wrist. He turned the water off at once.
A black figure had risen behind Charley, one spider-like arm extended inches from his head. Charley was slowly waking, trying to hold Felix still. Mrs. Bishop’s black holes for eyes reflected in Felix’s beady one. Then Felix snapped his tiny jaws at her and she lunged.
Castiel knew firsthand that stress did funny things to people, and this move had been incredibly stressful. It was a big milestone, after all. It was the first house the kids had lived in that their mother had never entered.
Sam watched huffily as Dean disappeared again. When he returned he had something in his hand. He walked over to Sam and held out an under-the-tongue thermometer.
Dean felt himself relax a little. Gabriel was a pervert, but at least he was on their side. Right? Dean held his breath as Gabriel touched his forehead.
Sam shuddered at the objectification of the collar. He redoubled his efforts, but then Dean's hand let go of the leash. Before Sam could get a full breath, Dean's fingers looped under the collar, tightening it. The skin of Sam's neck was hot and wet as Dean moved him, bobbing his head up and down at a casually brutal pace.
Dean’s smile widened roguishly. He nestled himself between Sam’s long legs, and within minutes he he was three fingers deep, making him moan Copious amounts of lube leaked down Dean’s wrist as he worked him open quickly. He pressed lips together over the head of Sam’s wet cock, unable to resist the taste. Sam groaned hungrily. Dean removed his fingers and put a slippery hand under Sam’s knee, then pulled him off the arm of the couch to lay him flat. Sam was heavier than Dean, sure, but when Dean got him this turned on, he was like a rag doll. Dean reared up, planted a foot on the floor, and glided into Sam’s ass.
Sam shook his head in amusement, “I’m gonna take a shower. There’s bubble-bath under the sink if you want it.” He got into the shower and turned the water on, “Don’t tell Dean.”
Ten minutes later, all the comforters in the house had been laid out in front of the TV and all the pillows were arranged on the floor. Castiel turned off the lights, but left the bathroom light on down the hall. The TV flickered quietly while the kids fell asleep, until it was only Castiel and Jack who were awake.
Heavy BDSM, Heavy Bondage, Shibari Rope, Suspension, every kind of dirty talk imaginable, extreme Sub!Sam, mild Pet Play, Teasing, Rimming, Butt Plugs, Dildos (Beaded), Prostate Milking, Spanking, Edging, Ball Grabbing, Cum Marking, Cum as Lube, Multiple Orgasms, After Care, Cock Cages, Fluff
Sam tended to his older brother without hesitation. He even skipped the backtalk. Once Dean passed out, Sam went to the store for popsicles, cold medicine, and beer. At least now Sam could repay the favor.
Across the hall, Sam put on rain sounds to fall asleep. Dean had let him borrow his noise cancelling headphones earlier, something Sam tried not to think about as he drifted off.
No one spoke about ghosts that morning. Castiel and his kids were all too tired, and nobody had the energy to worry about anything aside from getting ready for school. Still, it was a much better morning than the previous one. Charley led Gabe and Claire out the door with ten minutes to spare, and Castiel walked Meg to her preschool with plenty of time to do some work at home before going into his office.
After a bit of messing around which Sam didn’t have the strength to turn around and watch, he felt Crowley tighten something behind him… and lift him. Sam felt all his willpower power leave him on the floor as Crowley suspended him from the ceiling. When Crowley was done, Sam’s knees hovered over the ground and he was tipped forward slightly, his cock pointing towards the floor and his ass up, waist height with Crowley. Sam reached a new level of ecstasy he hadn’t thought possible.
Sam’s hands were big enough to hold each foot and massage them at the same time. It wasn’t a full massage, but it was enough pressure at the right spots, and it had Castiel beside himself with pleasure, completely undone. The sight made Sam’s cock throb.
Overall, not much had changed, except now Sam and Dean weren’t ashamed of needing each other. Dean told Sam about the shirt he used to keep, and Sam replied with the story of Dean’s pants. Sam knew they’d be okay when, at last, Dean let it slip over the phone with their dad that his Omega cycle was starting soon and he couldn’t start another hunt right away. Sam heard the receiver go silent before a calm voice replied “Okay, son.”
Once Crowley put himself back together, he got up to inspect Sam. He traced his fingertips over the ropes, giving Sam’s hot skin just the slightest breeze of contact. Then Crowley reached under Sam and gave his balls a firm squeeze.
“Yeah. My older brothers were pissed,” Castiel smiled darkly. “I was, too. So Charles became Charley,” he said simply. “Then we had Gabe, named after my step-brother—he did a lot for me when I was growing up. Then came Claire—Meg and I both liked the name. But by the time she became pregnant again, we’d kind of run out of names,” he chuckled. “We called the baby ‘little Meg’ all the way through her pregnancy, and it just stuck. I’m grateful for it because, well, a year later Meg died.”
Gabriel carefully undid Sam’s messy bindings. When he sensed Sam wasn’t going to be able to stand, he scooped him into his arms. Gabriel was a full head shorter than Sam, but with his grace he could lift Sam as easily as a feather. By the time Gabriel was lowering Sam down, his bedroom had been transformed back to normal. Gabriel lovingly left the pool of cum, however. He couldn’t possibly take down that work of art. Not yet.
Gabriel didn’t deny it. While Sam tried to remember what the fuck soul eaters did to their victims, Gabriel scooped his arms under Sam’s hips and brought his bottom half onto Gabriel’s lap. Sam wasn’t sure what Gabriel was up to, so he just tried to stay relaxed. It was incredibly hard to do, however, with Gabriel licking and nipping at such a sensitive area between his balls and ass. His muscles kept jumping uncontrollably, and Sam just knew Gabriel was loving it.
Dean wasn’t always in the mood to cuddle, but that night there wasn’t an inch of space between the two of them. They lay together in the sweat and mess of their bliss, exhausted and carefree. Eventually Castiel cleaned them up with grace and rolled over to lay on Dean.
Castiel watched Dean move closer if it were a dream. Castiel didn’t move. He could smell Dean again. It was that same combination of grass, sweat, and engine oil that was so alluring. Dean’s eyes dropped to Castiel’s lips.
“Clothes. You have to wear clothes. Both of you. All the time! I don’t care what you do behind closed doors but...” Sam sighed exasperatedly. “In the kitchen? C’mon.” He huffed, then left without another word.
It had been a coincidence, really, like Castiel being assigned to Dean in the first place. He had used his wing to shield them both when Castiel lifted Dean out of the sulfur and brimstone. Dean had reached up to grip his wing and the wound shone like daybreak. It fueled Castiel's grace, healing him, but a scar remained—A human handprint. Dean didn't remember this of course, and Castiel saw no reason to put that on his shoulders. The scar had long faded anyway. The mark that had once been baby white was now icy black, a shade lighter than the surrounding plumagem but it still stood out to Castiel.
Castiel showed Dean to the circuit board in the laundry room just off the kitchen, then took Meg upstairs so they could both get ready.
“That’s it, Sammy. That’s it.” Dean said soothingly. He stood up, still pumping the toy lazily, and brought Sam’s chin down for a kiss. Dean was naked as well, and just as hard. But he’d already come several times. He stroked himself as he pleasured Sam, loving Sam’s hot, ragged breath against his lips. Finally, he said the words Sam wanted to hear, “Do you want to come like this?”
Dean stuck the thermometer under Sam’s tongue and shut his mouth for him, one hand under Sam’s jaw and chin, one over his lips. He gave Sam his own victory look. Sam glared at him. While they waited for the beep, Dean considered just how strange this would look if Castiel were to appear.
Claire sat up straight. She could tell Kaia was holding something back. “Tell me,” she glared at her.
But Castiel did understand. He looked at Dean, still standing much too close to him, and asked, "Why not?"
“Yes,” Castiel said in relief. “I think she was just overwhelmed yesterday. Thank you again for coming to the rescue.”
Ian’s patience paid off shortly after the peanut butter incident that afternoon, when Mr. Smith called Sam to his office sounding harassed. There was an accusatory note in his voice that Ian could hear from the receiver. He gave Sam an ‘oh shit’ expression that barely disguised his glee, and watched Sam get up looking annoyed.
Dean wanted to hate Sam for leaving him alone with their father. He wanted to be angry at his baby brother for leaving him, but he couldn't.
"I can't go tomorrow night. I got something to do." Dean answered, but as soon as the words left his mouth he instantly regretted them.
For a moment, he wasn't entirely sure if he was dead or alive as he closed his eyes and that's when he saw him.
"I take it, you didn't know what Bobby was up to either? I mean, I caught up with him every few months, but I didn't know he had this whole plan set up." Cas finally responded in disbelief.
"Let me guess, 10 a.m. tomorrow with Missouri Mosley?" Dean questioned and by the sudden surprised look on Cas' face he'd take that as a yes.
Dean turned around to find his father standing by his truck while Adam and Christian began to climb out the back.
"He is hot." Jo agreed and Dean sighed, knowing he wasn't going to win this argument with the two of them teaming up against him, so he decided to end the conversation.
That was all he could bring himself to say. Even then it sounded more like a question than any form of greeting as he stared at the man he fell in love with all those years ago.
Dean wasn't sure why he was going back to Bobby's house as he pulled into the driveway and spotted the old
Dropping his backpack and rifle to the ground beside him, he sat down leaning his back against the front tyre of the Chevrolet Chevelle.
"Your wife plant these?" John asked when suddenly a bullet pierced straight through the flowers his father was reaching for.
He leant back in his chair as Lee ranted about some History assignment, but Dean was more focused on Castiel Novak.
Dean never said anything else until he stopped in front of the Impala that was parked on the side of the road, Cas' BMW parked a little further down the street. But, Dean still didn't say anything as he stood beside his car, staring at the keys in his hands and Cas sighed, taking the hint.
It was his fathers old car that he'd managed to track down and buy from a man in Dallas. But, the man had crashed it only weeks earlier and completely wrecked it.
Neither of them moved as they continued to stare at each other, taking in just how much time had gone by since they last saw one another.
Dean gave him a small nod and Castiel smiled back as they continued to push the car before Jo turned off into the side street and pulled over on the side of the road.
Although, Castiel frequently wondered, despite how pointless it was, but he still wondered how different his life might have been if him and Dean had stayed together.
Cas wanted to tell Gabriel, but as much as he loved his brother, he also knew the guy couldn't keep a secret for the life of him and he didn't want to put that pressure on Gabe. Although, Bobby did seem to know what was going on between them, but he never said anything and just let them do whatever they wanted to which Dean was grateful for.
Garth agreed to let Dean fix up the truck, but told him there was no rush in fixing it and gave him his condolences for Bobby
"I wouldn't mind doing that again." Cas admitted, his hand still cupping the side of Dean's face as he spoke, taking in just how breath-taking the guy actually was.
"It's alright, you don't have to wait around." Dean muttered, knowing Castiel probably didn't want to be hanging around him for any longer than he needed to. Dean was used to it, plus he should probably get home soon anyway if he didn't want his father to tear him a new one for getting home late. "Thanks for your help."
His cousins had learnt from an early age to just agree and do whatever John says, but Dean had never seemed to learn that.
Well now if the man wasn't planning on firing the gun earlier, he sure as hell would be planning on it now.
Making his way over to the garage, he glanced over at the house, but couldn't see any lights or cars parked out the front, so he figured nobody was around.
He parked his car in the driveway and made his way into the house, climbing up the all too familiar stairs before walking into his old bedroom where his duffle bag was lying on the floor full of spare clothes and the things he packed for the weekend.
His father had taken one of his prized cars to Bobby a few months ago to get it fixed up and his father hadn't stop raving about how great of a job the man did. Why would Dean be at Bobby's house?
He was tempted to just go home and look the Winchester's phone number up in the towns phone book, but then he spotted Lee through the window of the café, talking with Jo who must have just finished her shift. If anyone knew where Dean was right now, it would be the two of them.
"Two." He finally answered, but there something off about his tone, but again Dean wasn't going to call him out about it, if Cas wanted to talk then he'd talk.
"Gabriel and I have always had this plan ever since we were little. We'd go to college, get degrees in forensic science and then join the Police Academy and become Deputies at the ___ Sheriffs Department." Cas explained with a bright smile and Dean liked how passionately Cas spoke about his future and how excited he seemed about it.
Dean just shook his head as he thought back to the day of the fire. He remembered the heat of the flames as he tried to run back inside to get Sammy and their mother, but it was too late.
He couldn't stay here anymore. He could barely hold himself back from punching his father and all his father had done was hit him twice. John had done a hell of a lot worse than that over the years, most of which involved belts and cigarettes.
The force of the explosion launched him into the air, metal debris hitting him in the face in the process before he landed in the river. The quick current sent him downstream towards the waterfall.
For a moment, Dean thought he might be hallucinating him again, but as Cas stared back at him in a mixture of shock and confusion, Dean knew he was real.
He knew if he kept going straight he would eventually reach the town, but he didn't really want to go into town.
He didn't need much and he didn't want much either. He hunted his own meat and didn't venture into town much unless he needed something. He spent most his free time in the woods when he wasn't working. The woods was more of a home than his caravan was, his caravan was just a place where he ate, slept and showered.
He knew his father would eventually find out where he was and would try make him come back home and he didn't want the Webb or Harvelle family in any danger or on his fathers radar.
Despite the amount of alcohol running through his fathers blood, the man didn't even look drunk. Fucking seasonal drinker.
"Look, it's tough out there and it's getting tougher. Finance makes the most sense." Kelly tried to reason as Claire walked past her towards the cooler on the table and grabbed a can of sprite.
"I'm sorry about Lee. I never really had the chance to say that when everything went down, but I am sorry. He was a good man." Cas said softly with a sad smile.
By the time the two of them walked back to Bobby's house it was past midnight. Dean felt bad for keeping Cas out this late, but the other guy didn't seem to mind as they walked towards the garage.
He took a quick shower, not really needing to, but he wanted to freshen himself up after sitting there and sweating during the entire meeting with Missouri and Dean.
He quickly sat up in confusion, looking over at the glass door but it was dark outside and he couldn't see anything.
He spared a glance at Dean before he put the car into gear and took off down the driveway, passing the black truck on the way out.
"Right, of course, the attorney. I'll see you then." He quickly corrected himself, seeming almost flustered as he walked over to his car.
"When are you gonna let me get my hands dirty?" Cas asked, a cheeky grin forming on his face because they both knew Cas wasn't interested in cars at all, but for whatever reason he always came over and watched Dean work.
He knew Claire wasn't a fan of how many photos he would take of the family with his camera. But, after losing his son at just 2-years-old due to cancer, and only having a handful of photos to remember him by, Cas made an effort to take more photos so he could always keep the memories with him.
"Why don't you go out back and tune up the Impala. We got a delivery upriver tomorrow night and you're going with us." His father explained and Dean froze looking up from the keys in his hand.
He had literally stood the other guy up after he asked him out, he'd be pissed if their positions were swapped, but no way could Dean go out with the bruise over his eye and let Cas see it.
Dean busied himself with the wrench, loosening a couple bolts and doing them back up again for no reason other than for something to do because no way could he focus on the radiator at the moment.
"I'm sorry about my friends and dumb brothers. They try to be funny, but only succeed at being idiots."
They had been buried beside each other and Dean placed a bundle of flowers on his mother's grave before he sat in from of his brothers.
It probably wasn't a good idea to take on five guys at once, but boy was he considering it if they kept that shit up. He didn't even care that they were Castiel's friends and brothers, he'd knock them out for yelling at Jo like that.
Lee pushed by the passenger window while Daryl pushed from the back and it didn't take long to get the car rolling.
For most of his schooling, Dean never really had any friends. Everyone was too ashamed and didn't want to be seen talking to a Winchester. But, him and Lee got put together for lab partners a couple years ago and for whatever reason Lee befriended Dean almost instantly and they had been best friends ever since.
Kelly had been pushing Claire to do something around finance because she thought it would be her best option. But, Cas knew his daughter and he knew she didn’t like that idea. So, he just kept telling her to pick whatever she wanted to do.
He might not have learnt how to shut up and just agree to whatever his father says, but he'd never fought against his father before and he did not intend to see how well that would end.
"Well, that is unfortunate." The man sighed, but to Dean's shock he didn't pull the trigger. "My name's Bobby. What happened to your eye?"
Dean could feel Cas looking over at him, but he didn't dare look over at the other man as he focused on Missouri, knowing that if he looked over at Cas, he'd be done for.
Dean wasn't sure how he did it, but he managed to use the axe as some kind of leaver and lifted the log just enough for Benny to get his leg free.
"You know, mom, honestly, all I'm thinking about is the beach and what the guys and girls on the beach will or will not be wearing this summer." Claire admitted causing Cas to chuckle as Kelly raised her eyebrows at her.
"Three older brothers and an older sister. I'm the baby of the family and it is not fun." Castiel admitted causing Dean to smile softly.
"Now, I've come here for my boy and I ain't leaving without him, so... I guess you're gonna have to shoot me." His father stated, turning his attention towards the other man.
He turned around in confusion spotting Jo's small Toyota hatchback stopped in the middle of the road while the cars behind her continued to honk.
Dean stopped where he was and watched in confusion as the older man opened the door to his blue truck that was parked outside the garage.
Dean didn't think much of it, assuming it was the probably that Missouri woman from the attorney's office.
The faint street lights lit up the road as he jogged until he had to stop, unable to run any further as he tried to get air back into his lungs.
Dean didn't say anything for a moment as he closed his eyes. He didn't talk about Sam to anyone, not even Lee or Jo. They were both aware of what happened when he was 10, but they knew better then to talk about it.
Suddenly someone appeared beside him, helping them push. Dean glanced to his left and had to do a double take when he realised it was Castiel. Why the fuck would he want to help?
"Don't ask any questions. Get out, now!" Dean yelled, pointing towards his car as he opened the door and began ushering Cas inside.
Dean sighed with relief spotting the familiar wooden log lying on the ground a few metres back from the edge that he had cut down and moved there for a seat all those years ago.
Dean watched in slight relief as the truck reversed out the driveway and disappeared as Bobby walked over to him, reloading his rifle.
Quickly, Dean began to throw the little belongings he had into his backpack. A few pairs of jeans that weren't completely torn to shreds along with a couple flannel shirts.
When Crowley spoke again, his voice was soft and warm, “Do you like when I touch myself thinking of you?” He rasped.
Dean moaned, widening his stance and sinking back on Sam’s cock. He could feel himself dripping from his cock and his hole in unison.
“Dean isn’t who he said he was,” Castiel explained gently. “He lied to us. I think he’s… remember the Ghostfacers? I think he’s one of them. I don’t want him in the house anymore. Not until we fix this.”
“Leave him alone!” Gabe jumped at the middle boy and punched him in the gut. He bent double, more in surprise than pain, and the other two rounded on Gabe.
“Well, give me a call if you need anything. I mean it. Anything at all.” Dean looked quite serious for a moment—almost too serious.
“Mmhm.” Dean wasn’t even listening to him. “I meant what I said, Sammy. One chance. That’s all you get.” He held onto Sam’s cock and stroked it through his thin pants.
“How long do you think it’ll take before you overflow?” Gabriel seemed to be reading his mind, “Six, maybe seven times?”
Claire ran to the back door of 525 Elmwood Avenue and threw it open. She dropped her bag and yelled for her dad at once. Before she could see what was happening, someone had grabbed her and hugged her.
Dean was pleased to see Castiel’s eyes darken as he took in the sight before him. Castiel smoothed his hands up Dean’s body, from his thighs to his shoulders, tracing every line and muscle framed so perfectly by that open coat. His coat.
Sam moved Castiel’s legs apart and sank between them. He placed his hands on the edge of the tub by Castiel’s arms, leaned down, and kissed him. Castiel always tasted good, like something Sam couldn’t quite place – like a flower or a kind of whiskey he’d never tasted before. Sam tasted like amaretto coffee, winter-mint, bubbles, and just… Sam. It was Castiel’s favorite taste.
Feeling a rush of proud pleasure, Sam lavished Dean's cock with attention, sucking and swirling his tongue, lapping up every bead of precum and sweat. Dean was notoriously handsy when Sam went down on him, both hands usually balled into fists in Sam’s hair or petting him roughly, but this time Dean took out all those instincts on the leash. He kept tugging on it, until all the air in the room had been replaced with the smell of Dean's raw, heady musk, filling Sam's head with hazy lust while he sucked Dean to hell and back.
“I’ll be up for a bit if you need anything,” Castiel told him before heading to his own room and shutting the door.
Dean looked away, his jaw stiffening. He looked like he was searching for something to say. “Why didn’t you?”
Castiel smiled at him. “Thank you.” He couldn’t remember talking this much to anyone since Meg died. It felt good. It felt like he’d known Dean for years. The worries and problems of that morning seemed to have vanished completely.
“Dean… Dean. Oh god, please.” He jaw was slack and his eyes were fighting to stay open as the toy engulfed his cock completely Dean spun it lazily around and around. Sam gave a guttural groan and seized up. But he couldn’t come with the cock ring on.
"Sorry, Sam," Dean chuckled as Castiel hurriedly passed him his clothes. "But you should really knock."
Dean rumbled a silent laugh, and Sam felt the light vibrations on his sensitized knot. He nearly choked on his coffee.
Castiel protested the minute he gave him that ‘how ‘bout it?’ look, but the protests stopped once Dean sunk down. Dean had never been one to fall to his knees for someone, but it was worth it with Cas. Castiel shut up immediately and let him get to work, watching with anxious anticipation.
“Cas! Oh, Cas! Yes!” Sam’s hips shuddered as his body vibrated in orgasmic bliss. His legs squeezed around Castiel hard. “Yes...”
Dean smiled slightly, “Well. He’s just finished his latest masterpiece up here. And I... need you to fix it.”
Dean smiled. It was a superficial smile. He had become so aroused so quickly that he couldn’t contain the fire in his eye. “You want my blood. You’ll get my blood. You think I wouldn’t bleed for you, Sam?”
“If I hear you’ve skipped class again, even once, you’ll be grounded until Christmas,” Castiel said finally.
“All this hate and anger, you think that’s what drives you, but that’s not who you are. Everything you’ve ever done, you have done for love. You became a demon… for love.” Castiel removed the needle without a wince and placed his hand gently on Dean’s arm. Dean trembled. “That’s who you really are. You are the most caring man on earth, the most selfless, loving human being. You think humanity is the real curse, but it’s not. I would choose it over everything else, every time, for you.” Castiel’s throat was prickling, but he refused to cough. He set the needle against Dean’s skin with steady hands.
Sam laughed. He voice was raspier than normal. He pulled the covers up and put his arms around Gabriel, “Well… we gotta name at least two after my parents. Because you know Dean will pick something ridiculous like Led Zeppelin or Green Arrow.”
“Thanks,” Dean said, setting the glasses by the punch bowl. “Castiel is a miracle worker. The things he can do with his hands…”
Castiel’s eyebrows came together. He shut the door and locked it. It must’ve been a shadow from the trees. Hadn’t he just told his kids about all the new sights and shadows that came with a new house? He double-checked the backdoor just to be safe, gave the corner of the living room a fleeting glance, then finally went upstairs to go to bed.
Castiel led Dean inside. The kitchen was clean today, and an assortment of teas were set up on the counter, presumably for Castiel’s clients.
Dean eyed him, his expression inscrutable. He nodded to himself a few times, then flashed Sam a smile. “I was hoping you’d lie.”
Dean was grateful Gabriel wasn’t treating him like a virgin. As a pleasurable and downright kinky as it was being dominated like this, he still had his pride. Gabriel seemed to sense this, and he picked up the pace, taking Dean’s mind off it. Dean cursed and pressed his nose into the pillow.
Dean felt like he was suffering from whiplash. He removed his hand. “I know,” he croaked, his voice sounding rougher than usual. “I was just checking on you.”
Claire looked to where she’d been sleeping and saw the pendant on the ground. She got down on all fours to grab it, but with a sudden lurch she felt herself fall sideways and slide down the floor.
“Gabe…” Castiel warned. “Don’t lie to me. This is completely unacceptable. Do you know how hard it is to cl…?”
Castiel’s expression opened up. Sam looked different. His eyes were dark and his half smile was anything but innocent. Castiel’s eyes widened in arousal, “Yes.” He answered bluntly. He waited for Sam to stop, but he didn’t.
“Well, your electricity is working great,” Dean explained. “I don’t think there’s anything wrong with the lights. I see this a lot in older houses. I wouldn’t worry about it.”
Castiel sat at the table for a moment, lost in his thought. At last, he heard the Impala roar down the street. He got up and put Dean’s half-emptied coffee cup in the sink. He rubbed the bridge of his nose, as if he were fighting something off.
Sam was already panting around the gag. His body spoke for him. He spread his legs what little he could and buried his head in the seat, elongating himself like he knew Gabriel liked. Gabriel smirked. He pulled out a little, than sank back in deep. Sam groaned.
Dean looked around the room in mild interest, “Wow. That ghoul sure made a mess of this place, didn’t he?”
Dean spent the rest of the night domesticating Sam, giving him only commands like ‘sit’ and ‘stay’, and Sam obeyed every one. By the end of it, Sam was a mess, trembling with both exhaustion and ecstasy, an incoherent flurry of sounds coming from his lips. His hole was dripping with Dean's cum and his cock and balls were aching from so many orgasms.
Dean grinned. “We did it.” He spotted Charley’s pale face amidst Castiel’s kids and said, “You did good, Charley. You all did. It’s finally over.”
“Oh, hello, Dean," Castiel said, clearly wondering where he'd come from. "Um, would you like some coffee?”
Castiel couldn’t help himself. He looked at Dean. That seemed like an odd question. “No, not really.” Aside from his kids seeing ghosts, but he figured that wasn’t what Dean meant. “Actually,” Castiel said thoughtfully, “I was wondering if I should cut down some of the lower branches on that oak tree out front. The other night, when we had all that wind, the branches got really close to the front porch. I thought someone had come by,” he chuckled to himself.
He lifted himself up onto the second step. He was close enough to smell it. It smelled rotten. He took a shallow breath, raised his foot to step onto the porch, and then a beam of light blinded him. Castiel stepped backward in surprise, covering his eyes with his arm.
Dean frowned. Something roared to life inside of him. He felt hot and angry. “You know Meg,” he said, “I have a grenade launcher in my car.”
Dean lay on the table, still chuckling to himself as Castiel got up. He pulled out gently, only then realizing his error.
Megan Shurley had been a registered nurse before she died. The Shurley’s relationship, while a healthy one, was the subject of much gossip among the staff. There was no doubt in anyone’s minds that Castiel and Meg were deeply in love, but Meg was much more troublesome than Castiel. She was a skilled nurse, but she had little patience for rules and regulations and she often butted heads with other staff, including the Head Nurse and many physicians. The Chief of Medicine wasn’t nearly as fond of her as she was of Castiel. Still, her death was tragic. It marked the loss of not only a talented nurse but of an equally talented physician, Castiel.
He remembered going to Cain for help controlling the Mark. Cain said it couldn’t be done. It was his own impulses that he needed to control so that the Mark couldn’t use them against him. But if Dean had known this was what Cain had in mind, would he have turned away?
"Oh, Mr. Wesson, that's coming out of your paycheck," Gabriel panted playfully. He leaned down and took Sam's hand, holding it above his head, and kissed him deeply. Sam's eyes fluttered shut, his breath hitched, and Gabriel knew it was all over.
The arrest report said ‘Dean Winchester’, but Castiel knew those eyes. He read the record underneath. Each line made his chest tighten—breaking and entering, unlawful modification of a firearm, and...
Dean reached down and clamped a sweaty hand over Ketch’s mouth, giving him a cocky look. Dean could bottom all day long, but he wasn’t taking Ketch’s sass now. Dean was no sub.
Inappropriate as it was, Castiel was struck by the beauty of Dean's grief. He couldn't help but admire every vulnerable, human line in his face, so close to Castiel’s. If Castiel’s wings had a face it would resemble Dean’s. Castiel reached up and stroked his cheek, his fingertips brushing through Dean's short hair.
Dean hissed, making Castiel look up. For a moment they made eye contact, and Dean felt his own gaze harden.
Sam understood. He kissed Dean’s temple and began to doze off, still inside of Dean from behind on their soaked motel carpet. Dean swallowed. He was spent. For a while he dozed too, waking with each of Sam’s little snores and stirs. His every movement roused Dean so intimately that he couldn’t help but wake. Finally, something woke Dean that was a little more rousing. Sam’s knot was swelling back up and he was humping Dean in his sleep. Dean groaned, remembering just how dead to the world Sam had been while he slept that first time. There’d be no waking him.
"Damn. Cas, that..." Dean started to catch his breath. "...that was amazing. I've never felt so good in my life."
Dean watched helplessly as Castiel attempted to rip his ruined jeans. He finally found the right angle and Dean heard the zipperlike sound of tearing denim. Castiel wrapped the material around his knee so tightly that he swore.
Castiel’s expression went from confused to livid in an instant, and Dean realized all too late that he was still holding the rifle and the shadow figure was gone.
Soon his head was resting against the headboard and his lips were parted in silent pleasure as he fondled all his favorite spots. He squeezed around his base and twisted up, rubbing his thumb under his head. He worked up a good amount of precum and lubed himself up with it. His breathing became audible as he pumped himself closer and closer to orgasm. He could almost feel that dream – Gabriel’s cock was spreading him wide, filling him deep, stroking him from the inside so divinely. Gabriel’s hands smoothed around Dean’s hips and began stroking his cock for him. Dean moaned. Gabriel’s fingertips were too perfect. They made Dean writhe and buck back onto Gabriel’s cock even as it pinned him to the bed. Within seconds Dean was close to coming. He thrust his hips into his hand, gritting his teeth.
Crowley walked around Sam, not showing him what he’d taken from the table, “So Sam. I’ve been thinking.” He hummed, “We’ve done just about everything, haven’t we? The chains, the restraints, the toys...” Crowley came to a halt behind Sam, “...all but the one thing I’ve been dying to try most.” Crowley knelt behind him.
Waves of curses and praise left his lips as Sam’s warm, wet suction swallowed him up. Sam never thought he was very good at this, but Dean clearly disagreed. He was sweating and moaning in satisfaction. His muscles were taut and his thighs were quivering on either side of Sam’s neck. When he started rubbing Sam’s fingers with his own, Sam knew he was close.
“Yup. Okay. My bad,” Garth apologized at once, hurriedly putting the car into drive. “Have a good night.”
Gabriel watched his back bow as he took everything Gabriel had, and it drove Gabriel wild. “Oh, Dean-o… you are absolutely... gorgeous.” He groaned. “That’s it. Take it. Take my cock. I want to fill you to the brim.”
Dean couldn’t hide the look of alarm on his face. “You don’t know what you’re saying, Cas. This isn’t you.”
"Then that's all that matters. Does your father know about us?" Cas asked, and Dean shook his head. "Then that's all that matters. We'll make this work, okay?"
Castiel sighed as he stood up from leaning over the hood and Dean did the same, glancing towards the group in the car before looking back at him.
How the hell had Castiel gotten more attractive with age? It shouldn't work like that, but it had and it was driving Dean crazy.
His hair was drenched along with his jacket, but what caught Cas' eye was the cut on his lower lip that had clearly been busted open.
This one was recommended by thor94. I just so happened to have 'breeding kink' as one of my bingo squares XD so enjoy some Sabriel smut!
“Very good.” Crowley stroked a hand up Sam’s thigh, coming dangerously close to his erection, “One last chance, Samantha, to tell me why you were so eager to meet tonight.”
Dean set the reassembled gun down at last. It gleamed as brightly as Castiel's angel blade buried in his pocket.
Once the ropes were all connected, Crowley stepped back to admire his work. Sam was completely bound in black robe, accentuating his tanned, well toned skin. Flexing any part of his body now made the whole outfit clench down on him. His arms were behind his back, and he was on his knees with his calves and feet tied to his thighs. He couldn’t close his legs or move his hips. His crotch was left completely open, exposing himself to the room while two lengths of rope purposefully parted his ass. Sam got a rush of submissive pleasure, breathing heavily in his chest.
It was true, there was a small fridge loaded with blood beside the work table, but Castiel wasn’t using it. He inhaled sharply as the needle pierced his own skin. He watched as the syringe began filling with dark, red liquid.
"Look at you, the Boy King of Hell, and you’re melting at a lowly demon’s touch,” Dean breathed, “Because you need him more than anything, don’t you?” With a powerful movement, Dean hoisted Sam's ass and legs up off the floor, so that Sam was laying on the table with his bottom half held up by Dean. "You want me in your ass and your veins, don't you?"
Dean groaned through his teeth and clenched down, but the muscles surrounding Castiel’s cock didn’t respond. Dean had never felt so violated. Castiel slid it without any resistance, spreading Dean further apart with every inch of his throbbing cock. Dean nearly hyperventilated. It was the most intense sensation he’d ever felt. He couldn’t take it. He thrashed in an attempt to relieve some of the pressure, but Castiel just grappled him even more effectively. Dean could feel his hungry breath beating against the back of his neck and Dean moaned. He actually moaned. A rush of fear paralyzed him. Sam was just outside. But it was so hard to keep quiet with Castiel filling Dean to the brim. And when he began fucking him without any reprieve, Dean shoved a fist into his mouth to keep from shouting.
Piece by piece, Dean began releasing Sam from his bonds. Although Sam wasn’t going anywhere. He felt like static; like he was floating through space with no mass, just throbbing vaguely with pleasure. He felt Dean pull him off the floor and into a spooning position sitting up against the throne. He could smell blood. As if reading Sam’s mind, Dean placed his palm over Sam’s mouth. Sam drank from his brother, and Dean rested his head on the seat on his throne.
“Hey Cas, I…” Sam Winchester had walked in, looking to help carry the glasses outside, but he stopped dead when he saw Dean and Castiel. It sounded as if he’d stopped his girlfriend, Jess, from entering, too, and they both retreated outside.
At last, Ketch slid a condom on (“You just keep those on you?”) threw his tie over his shoulder, and sunk into Sam’s ass. Sam’s defiance faltered at last. Their groans fed off one another as Ketch pushed in hot and slow. Within minutes, Ketch was fucking him hard. He gave Sam all he had, while Sam shouted his approval on the floor. Ketch grit his teeth and goaded him on the whole time.
So when Castiel started acting jumpy and suspicious, especially first thing in the morning when he and Sam were alone, Sam barely paid any notice. It was just Castiel.
A few hours of his little brother’s begging and pleading, and his failure to help him, finally broke Dean. He succumbed to his own instincts at last, and let Sam fuck him on the motel carpet.
Dean loved everything about his brother. He loved the sound of his voice, the sweat on his brow, and the way his back arched while Dean fucked him in a dimly lit motel room.
Finally they lay still, panting in the middle of Gabriel's ruined office. Gabriel pulled out, letting his cum seep out of Sam's ass and onto his desk.
Lubricant seeped out of Sam with every thrust, creating a mess at Castiel’s scuffed knees. Castiel’s soft grunts and groans rang clear in the tall ceilinged room, but Sam’s voice echoed. He shouted and begged in pleasure, and Castiel couldn’t tell if it was Meg or Sam anymore. He didn’t know what was sexier – the fact that Meg was so into this, or the fact that Sam was.
For a moment Castiel looked distant, like he was processing Dean's words. His wings rippled slightly, brushing against Dean's hand. When Castiel detected that Dean was in fact telling the truth, Castiel was overcome with emotion. The only thing he could think to say was, "I love you, Dean."
It had been one week since 525 Elmwood burned down and the Shurleys moved into Sherrif Donna Hanscum’s cabin. The general consensus seemed to be that the fire had been for the best, and the Shurley family would be compensated so they could buy a new home. Castiel was more than fine with this. He was happy, in fact, to hear that a memorial children’s playground was being proposed for the now empty lot on Elmwood. He knew Garth was already planning on blessing the land before construction could start.
“Actually, I’ve been meaning to ask,” Dean said, his tone surprisingly gentle. “There’s another festival going on this weekend. I think it’s Harvest Fest or something. Do you uh… well, do you and your kids want to go?”
Dean rolled against him again, harder. Sam sucked in a shallow breath as Dean's cock rubbed against his own.
“We can do this whenever you want Dean. I can tell you love it.” Sam murmured, “You just say the word and I’ll tie you up and have my way with you. Over, and over again.” He breathed, brushing his palm over Dean’s head as he stroked him.
Sam bit back a groan. He could see himself leaking on the floor. He used the time to try and steady himself, but he didn’t have nearly as much control over his body as he should have. Sam didn’t understand how Crowley always did that to him, but he loved it in a way he couldn’t explain. It was such a relief.
After a few trembling moments they were both motionless and panting on the couch, their ears ringing. Sam reached up and uncuffed Dean. Dean’s arms fell limply beside him on the couch, still impaled on Sam’s lap. Sam bent down and scooped Dean up so Dean was sitting up on him. Dean draped his arms over Sam’s shoulders and rested his forehead on his. Sam smiled fondly and relaxed. When Dean finally opened his eyes, he looked drunk.
“You like that, baby?” Sam breathed back, “This is all for you. I want to make you feel good. Wanna make you come.”
Dean has never come when Castiel tops him. Castiel is determined to get to the bottom of it :) with Sam’s totally enthusiastic help, of course. For SPN Bingo.
“No,” Dean said, wiping his hands on a napkin. “It sounded like the hospital called him and he called Sam, but… well, Sam was a day’s drive away. My dad is four hours. If he wanted to be here, he’d be here.” Dean threw the napkin in the trash and started on his fries.
Once Dean got to fifty again, his endurance recharged. Cain must had sensed this, because he walked around Dean and smacked his ass from behind. He had better access to Dean’s hole this way, which Cain abused thoroughly. He went from fast, light taps to swift, solid smacks. The muscles pulsed in the aftershock and Dean moaned out the numbers.
While Cain’s heart would always belong to Colette, there was no denying the breathtaking beauty of Dean’s human body taut and glistening in the throes of pleasure, completely undone and at Cain’s mercy. There was nothing in Heaven or Hell like it, he was sure of it.
A young girl hopped out of the van next. She had long, dirty blonde hair like her brother and piercing blue eyes like her father. She looked up at the house with a long-suffering sigh.
“That’s it, Sammy. Take it. You can have Hell but, this?” Dean grabbed his cock once more, “This is mine. Every inch of you, it’s all mine. Let me hear it!”
“You came in my mouth, how’d you get it in my hair?” Sam asked moments later as he toweled himself off.
As he flipped through the papers, he spotted something startlingly familiar—a photograph of his new house. He read the first few words of the article below it, then stopped abruptly. His eyes flew back to the horticulture article, but he was no longer reading it. He was wide-eyed and pale, the words ‘deceased’ and ‘tragedy’ burned into his retinas. A morbid curiosity began to rise in him, outweighing his sense of dread, and he looked back at the article. But before he could read on, he felt someone poke him in the back. Charley nearly jumped out of his skin. He spun around angrily. He knew that poke.
Sam groaned and trembled in approval. He could feel the lube from earlier being replenished by Gabriel’s precum, and it made him dizzy in arousal.
Sam panted, screwing up his concentration to just endure Crowley’s voice; That raspy, low, growl of a voice that set Sam alight with lust.
Sam was scenting him again, lazily rubbing his jaw over Dean head and sweaty shoulders. Sam made to pull out, feeling Dean’s body resist the slowly receding knot like a plug, but Dean stopped him.
As if reading his mind, Dean said, “And, uh, don’t worry about the neighbors. This house has seen a lot of newcomers over the years,” he confessed. “The thrill has probably worn off.”
Their smiles faded quickly, weighed down by the impossible task facing them the following day. Dean didn’t think he could stand to bring it up. Not after that. A part of him suddenly hoped he would die in the assault so that his last moment of happiness would be with Cas. The real Cas. Unanalyzed, unspoiled, nothing but bliss memory. But just as Dean decided he wouldn’t say anything about Dick, Castiel brought it up instead.
Dean reached out and Castiel turned slightly, letting him rub a speck of paint off his elbow. Dean must have been working outside all morning because he was radiating summer heat. Castiel could feel it over his shoulder. He smelled like grass, sweat, and gasoline. It was a surprisingly pleasant combination. Castiel felt Dean’s hand accidentally graze Castiel’s side, and Castiel’s heart leapt.
“I can see that.” Sam skirted around Dean like he was contagious and dropped his dishes in the sink.
Garth, who had clearly been trying to shift gears, was suddenly looking casual. “Hey, Dr. Shurley. I was just…”
Castiel touched the railing of the porch steps with his fingertips. The wind was doing something strange now. It sounded raspy and rhythmic. With a jolt of dread, Castiel realized that it wasn’t the wind at all—The sound was coming from the figure. It was as if it were trying to breathe through damaged lungs. He would have given anything to run, but he knew he couldn’t. He shifted his weight onto the first stair, and it creaked. He expected the figure to turn around at any second. Castiel could only pray it didn’t. He didn’t want to see its face.
Dean thrust his hand into the darkness. The EMF spiked, but nothing happened. It didn’t even feel cold. He moved his fingers experimentally and noticed the air on his arm slowly rise. Not willing to tempt fate any further, he removed his hand.
Dean was the only person in the whole world that truely understood him. Cas remembered just how deeply he had loved him and how Dean loved him back just as much.
He said that he could stay here if he helped fix whatever cars he needed to work on and Dean agreed straight away.
"God, you just don't get it, do you?" Cas growled, but Dean didn't get a chance to answer before Cas began to walk off out the garage towards his car.
Yes, Castiel's family was highly respected in town and people might not care about his sexuality. But if word got back to his father or his cousins that a Winchester had been seen on a date with person of the same sex... it would be a totally different story and Dean would be lucky to live to tell said story.
Dean just glared at him, knowing it was best not say anything and piss his father off even more. But, apparently not saying anything also seemed to piss him off as he punched him across the face again.
Dean frowned as he spared a glance towards Cas who met his gaze for a brief second before looking back towards Missouri.
Dean nodded, holding his hand out as they shook hands before she held the door open and motioned for them to walk in.
"When he was in hospital, he wrote these." She explained, handing them both a letter each and Dean smiled sadly recognising Bobby's scribble handwriting on the front as Cas began to open his own letter. "Sorry. He would like you to read them on your own." She informed.
Dean nodded, but didn't say anything as Cas slowly began to walk back towards his BMW that Dean had only just noticed was parked beside the Impala.
"Look I'm sorry about your friend, I really am. But, we've got stuff going on here. I got to be at Amy’s on Saturday for her Tupperware party thing. Monday night we've got dinner with the lady from my work and her husband-" Kelly began to say before he cut her off.
For a moment, Cas was caught of guard before he snapped out of it and began to kiss Dean back before they pulled away.
Their silence never used to be awkward, it was always comfortable, but a lot of things had changed, not just awkward silences. They had whole different lives now, lives that didn't include each other.
The sky now dark after the sun had set, thick storm clouds covered the sky as he continued running down the street, relieved that his family property was on the other side of town and none of them would be out driving in this weather.
The following morning he was up with the sun and continued working on the car until he had to clean himself up and go meet with the attorney, but for some reason he was nervous.
Castiel walked around the car and opened the door as he leant through and turned the key as his car roared to life.
Claire chuckled and shook her head, making her way towards the veranda were Cas was standing while his wife, Kelly, sat on the porch chair with her friends.
He quickly grabbed Benny’s arm, slinging it over his shoulders as he practically dragged his friend away from the ticking time bomb of a crane.
"What do you want to do after school?" Dean asked, trying to get the conversation away from his future.
"You hang around with me long enough and you will." He muttered, but Cas shook his head, cupping the side of Dean's face with his hands.
Once he heard Cas enter the garage he stood up a bit straighter, but made sure to keep the left side of his face hidden behind the hood of the car. He didn't want Cas to see the nasty bruise that had formed over his left eye.
He drove past the lawyers firm where he had to meet Missouri Mosley tomorrow to discuss Bobby's will, funeral and all that stuff.
By the time Dean figured out how to set up the foldout couch, Bobby had reappeared without his shotgun. He asked Dean if he was any good at putting cars back together and then further explained how he ran his mechanics business from inside the garage, repairing and restoring old vehicles.
Dean nodded in agreement glancing up to meet Cas' gaze and there was something almost apologetic in his eyes, but Cas didn't know what to make of it. So he just nodded and began to head down the street towards his own car.
"Thanks, Jo. How are you feeling?" He asked, watching as she placed the bowl on the table between the two of them.
Dean knew that coming from a rich kid the idea of hunting was probably foreign. Cas had probably never had to worry about if he was going to be able to eat some days or not, but Dean had.
Dean took that as his cue to leave and rushed down the hallway to his bedroom and shut the door behind himself.
Dean was currently leaning over the engine of the Chevy, halfway through repairing the radiator when he heard a car pull up outside.
She offered him a settlement, so he wouldn't file a lawsuit against them and he took it. And his boss wrote the check then and there.
He froze where he stood as he stared at his bedroom door that was a few metres too far away. Damnit.
It took nearly 20 minutes before he turned off the bitumen road and down the dirt driveway that lead into the Winchester's property.
Jo walked over to their table with a large bowl of wedges and two cokes. She was smiling happily at them and seemed to be in good health, but Dean had seen her earlier this morning at school and she looked a bit pale.
"Unless food counts as beer and whiskey, then no." He said, looking away from Cas as he walked over to the long wooden log and sat down.
There were a few workers wiping the benches around the café, while Lee sat at one of the booths with Jo sitting opposite him still in her uniform and chatting away happily.
"Where is he?" He asked, not bothering to greet them as he focused his attention on Lee who he knew was Dean's best friend.
He hoped his father was already passed out on the couch since he was already two beers down before Dean even left for school this morning, but as he opened the broken flyscreen door to the house he knew that wasn't the case.
It wasn't that he liked school, he actually hated it and thought it was pointless with the stupid shit his teachers would teach. But he'd rather sit through bullshit classes than sit through bullshit with his family.
He heard the car door slam shut and he could tell Cas was pissed without even having to look at the guy. This wasn't going to be good.
"Well, I'm trying to." Cas chuckled nervously and Dean stared at him for a few seconds trying to figure out if he was being serious before he nodded. "Is that a 'yes'?"
Claire didn't seem to care as she cracked open her can of sprite and took a sip before Alex called out to her from in the pool. His daughter quickly put her drink on the table and ran over to the pool, jumping in with her friends.
Dean wondered if his father and cousins still lived in town. He wondered if they were even still alive or if they had finally drank themselves into the ground, he hoped for the latter, but he had no desire to go find out. He'd stay clear of that side of town while he was here.
Missouri talked for a few minutes and asked if either of them had any questions. They both just shook their heads and she gave them the urn of Bobby's ashes before they left the office.
He walked through the front door of the attorneys office, instantly spotting Cas sitting on one of the chairs in the waiting area, but before he could even take a step further into the room, a door to their left open and an African American woman stepped out.
Everything was fine, hell, they were even laughing and chasing each other around the garage, but then that truck showed up and Dean yelled at him leave. Why would he do that? Who was in the truck?
Sudden pain erupted across the left side of his face as he stumbled back a few steps. His hands instantly reaching for his left eye that he could already feel was starting to bruise.
Sam was a different story. From a young age Sam was resigned to being a Beta, based on his father’s frequent comments and backhanded insinuations. When Dean presented as an Omega instead of an Alpha as expected, the brothers made a deal. Once Sam hit puberty and didn’t present, he would help Dean keep up the charade. Except, Sam wasn’t a Beta.
Dean could have kicked himself. Why did he have to be such an ass? He stared Castiel down, anything to avoid looking at the cabin.
Castiel had a hard time breaking away this time. This was the most affectionate Dean had ever been with him, and it made Castiel very happy. So happy that he realized his wings had puffed up, despite their newfound desire to hide behind his back. The resulting spark of self-consciousness urged him into speech.
Castiel turned to his kids who were all staring wide-eyed at the door. To Castiel’s relief, they started to grin nervously.
Dean knew at once it was no use. Castiel put Meg in Jack’s arms and seized Dean before he could finish his sentence. Dean felt himself lifted to his feet with surprising strength. He only just managed to grab his rifle as Castiel hauled him bodily from the room.
The bunker’s archive room was normally filled with lore-laden shelves, boxes of meticulously categorized objects, and hundreds of files, but today the shelves were pushed aside revealing a spotlit, brick-lined dungeon. In the center sat a metal chair surrounded by a demon trap, and in the chair, restrained with leather straps, sat Dean Winchester. He looked up to see his new guest and a cold smile parted his lips.
"You didn't listen to a goddamn thing I said, did you?" John questioned, taking a few more steps towards him until they were practically face to face before he slammed his fist into the side of Dean's head.
"Whoa, whoa, top me up." She quickly instructed, holding her now empty glass of wine up towards Claire before she could walk away.
Neither of them said anything until they walked out the building and began making their way down the street in the direction of their cars.
He watched Dean for a few a moments while the man fished for his keys out the front pocket of his jeans and although a lot had changed Cas still found the man drop dead gorgeous. His hair was darker now. His arms were still dense with muscle, more muscle than what he had when they were teenagers and he still wore the same style clothing and the old leather jacket. But, Cas did notice a thick scar that ran down from the side of Dean's eye, down to his jaw line.
He even still wore that damn trench coat that Dean had grown to love. His shoulders were a lot broader and muscular under the coat, but his hair was nearly the same, maybe a little longer, but still styled the same.
He tried not think about the past, but then he received a phone call one afternoon and all those memories came flooding back.
How or why his mother had married him in the first place was a question Dean had never figured out and a part of him was relieved that she didn't have to deal with his fathers crap anymore.
He began to walk around to the hood and pulled it up. His eyes scanning the engine to locate what was wrong before he felt Castiel's presence from beside him.
Without another thought he stood up straight, closing the hood of the car as he began to walk out the garage after Castiel when suddenly Cas walked back around the corner and they both froze almost bumping into each other.
Cas shook his head, rubbing his face with his hands when suddenly a knock on his bedroom door caught his attention, but it wasn't his main door, it was the door to the balcony.
All he could feel whenever he thought about Sammy was guilt. Guilt because it should have been him who had died instead. His baby brother didn't deserve to die, neither did his mother.
"Dean Winchester." He quickly answered, not knowing if the man was actually planning on firing the gun or just using it to frighten him because if it was the latter then it was fucking working, he was frightened.
Their marriage never used to like this, it used to be happy and loving, but it hadn't been like that for years. They argued more often than not, but it was never violent, neither of them were like that. But, it occasionally got loud and they'd shout at each other before one of them walked off, allowing them both to cool down.
"Who did this to you?" Cas asked, brushing his thumb gently over the cut on his lip, hating the way Dean flinched at the contact.
"Balls." Bobby muttered, walking off towards the garage door as he pushed it open and Dean took that as his cue to leave.
Why the hell was Cas here? How did he even know where he was? No, that was a stupid question, Cas was at the Roadhouse and Jo worked most Saturdays, he probably just asked her. Shit.
It was probably just one of his work colleagues from the office asking to swap shifts with him or something. But this was the third time the person had called and he figured he should probably answer it in case it was Gabriel or someone who really needed to talk to him.
Lee and Jo had started dating not long after and at first she was a bit cautious around him which he understood.
"Look, sooner or later, I'm gonna have to pay for what happened today and I can't have you standing next to me when I do, okay? I can't have you getting hurt." He explained, meeting Cas' gaze as he grabbed his hand and laced their fingers together, needing the small touch of comfort.
Dean's was clearly enjoying the stimulation—Castiel could feel precum beading at the tip of Dean's head—but rather than pacify Dean as this act often did it only seemed to frustrate him.
Sensing that Sam needed help, Crowley reached down and squeezed his balls again. Sam grunted and whined, trying to curl in on himself. But it worked. Sam felt a fresh wave of submissive ecstasy and went pliant.
Gabriel attached the collar to the seat so Sam could barely lift his head, and definitely couldn’t look behind him. He did the same to Sam’s wrists, so his hands where on either side his face and he couldn’t lower his arms. Gabriel was happy to see Sam’s back rising and falling with each shallow breath. Gabriel kicked Sam’s knees apart, then bound those, too. Sam couldn’t speak.
It looked like every other torture dungeon Crowley had ever set up, except this one wasn’t for torture. There was a chair in the middle of the room with straps attached to the arms and legs. Beside it was a metal frame with chains, and a table full of tools: Gags, blindfolds, crops, silk rope, anything and everything Sam could imagine.
Castiel’s heart went from sinking with dread to pounding with adrenaline so fast that he felt like he was on a rollercoaster, even as he stood completely still with his hands on the kitchen sink. Had he been about to kiss Dean?
Jack didn’t fall for it. In a quick, playful movement, he grabbed her and hugged her tightest of all.
Gabe groaned and threw a rubber ball at Charley. Charley ducked. Gabe saw much better ammo and grabbed his recently unpacked nerf gun. Despite Charley’s initial protests, both boys were soon shooting at each other and running around the house. Even Claire found her lightsaber and joined in. The carefully organized mess in the living was soon just a regular mess as they jumped over furniture and ran around the first floor of the house.
When Castiel had calmed enough to speak, he couldn’t help but go on. “I was trying to save Heaven, to save you, I tried… so hard… but nothing I did…” he hiccuped, shoulders shuddering.
For a while the silence felt explosive. It reverberated like an unearthly presence after Mary’s departure, but after it faded a much worse silence took its place—a black hole had opened up, producing a heavy, suffocating silence like the kind at a wake, or a funeral.
Afterward, Sam slept like he was dead. He’d passed out still knotted inside Dean, who jerked off a few more times, getting pleasure from being claimed by Sammy even while he slept. Dean just prayed their dad wouldn’t chose that moment to come home.
“We’re going to stay calm,” Castiel said firmly. “We won’t be able to do anything if we’re not calm. Okay? We’ll figure this out. Together.”
Dean gasped as the cane hit his inner thigh, right along the crease of his pelvis. He tried to close his legs again, but the chains responded indifferently and kept him splayed for the next hit. Dean could hear the whoosh of air and braced himself for it, but it still took the breath out of him.
“Sure.” Sam took a stubborn breath, staring into those acidic green eyes. "If by fair you mean psychotic.”
They were both Alphas sure, but they were also brothers, so as far as Sam and Dean were concerned they were going to Hell anyway. And honestly, it was just too sweet not to sin.
Sam sprung Ketch’s cock free of his trousers as casually as if he were flipping through a page of lore in the Men of Letters’ library. Ketch’s breathing went shallow. Sam flashed him another one of those promising looks that made Ketch’s knuckles go white on the table, then he opened his mouth and dove in.
Dean got him to come one more time, fucking his prostate mercilessly while warning him not to move. Dean tightened his grip on the collar all the same. Hardly anything came out of Sam’s cock, but his body spasmed and his back bowed. Sam didn't say a word, he just gaped noiselessly and kept his ass up like a good pet.
Sam knew Dean and Castiel were fucking. They never told him, per se, but Sam knew. And it wasn’t because of any brotherly bond crap -- It was because of clothing. Or rather, a lack of it.
On the floor of the hallway were blackened footprints. They came from the shadowy corner of the hallway, shuffling and dragging towards Dean, and stopped right at the back of his heels. Dean backed up and looked around wildly. He heard another shout from outside. He hurriedly snapped a picture of the footprints and ran downstairs, cold sweat dripping down the back of his shirt.
Harry glanced around then leaned in. “Look, we’re basically experts on this house. We’ve been researching it for years,” he said in a stage whisper, “The thing that resides here, it’s uh, it’s pretty nasty.”
Cain rapped a rhythm against his palm with the narrow piece of wood and observed the marks on Dean’s back. The marks were red and harsh, but none of them had broken the skin. Dean’s back bore the appearance of a practiced wielder; one determined to pleasure, not punish. Yet, with a cane, a little of both was unavoidable.
Dazed and seeing lights, Dean pulled his head out of the cabinet to see Meg covered in exclusively red finger paint.
Castiel had thought about that a lot over the night. But his intuition said, “No. I think she only came back for a moment. I think she moved on a long time ago.”
“Sometimes I can’t… I mean, it can be difficult...” He made some strange hand gestures then said, “...sometimes I can’t bring Dean to climax.”
So there Dean was, on his knees against the Impala one moonlight night while they were supposed to be Sam’s lookout. Nothing had happened for fifteen whole minutes and Dean was growing restless.
Castiel turned around. He pulled his robe a little tighter, grateful he’d put one on. “Yeah! I’m fine,” he shouted back, his heart constricting his throat. “I… I left something out here earlier.” He lied. He felt ridiculous standing outside in the middle of the night, barefoot and drenched in sweat.
That’s when Sam reappeared, “Okay. New rule.” Dean rolled his eyes, “Clothes. You have to wear clothes. Both of you. All the time! I don’t care what you do behind closed doors but...” He sighed exasperatedly, “In the kitchen? C’mon.” He said, then left without another word.
“I know, but I can’t. Not now.” Sam panted hotly, his expression screwing up as Dean began pumping the toy again, “Oh...h Dean.”
She was gripping him so hard that he was glad he didn’t need to breathe. She found his tie and pulled on it like reigns to keep him going. Castiel wasn’t complaining. Meg’s intimacy smelled so good, and it tasted even better. He wanted to eat it all night. But soon Meg was shaking and cursing and riding him harder than ever. Castiel massaged her while he licked and sucked her clit, and within seconds she was coming in his face.
A powerful need suddenly rose in Dean and he started to fight back. He wanted Sam to consent to this, not just be driven by his Alpha brain. He needed Sam’s consent. Dean remembered what it was like when they were kids. When Sam went into his ruts, he locked himself away in his room because he was so afraid of hurting someone. Dean couldn’t let Sam feel like that again.
"Cas, you kinky bastard...” Balthazar glanced over his shoulder in approval, “you're going to be the death of me.”
Sam panted for air, flushed from his head down the neck of his shirt, “Fuck… Dean! It's six in the morning!"
Dean tilted his head, watching Ketch bandage his wound. Of course a jackass like Ketch had a nice body, Dean thought. He was firm and lean with plenty of scars, just like Dean liked, and he smelled of bergamot tea, deep woods, and something wilder like cardamom. Dean could tell it was adrenaline leftover from the fight. It figured, not only did Dean’s career alienate him from normal society, but so did his attraction towards other Alphas.
The officer had one more hour before he switched places with his superior. His fellow officers had all jumped at the chance to monitor the legendary Elmwood house, but not Officer Gadreel. He never believed in fairy tales. That was probably why Sheriff Mills picked him. He’d accepted the job without fanfare, ignoring the incredulous looks from his friends.
The rest of the day pushed Dean from Castiel’s mind. It wasn’t until the kids were in bed that Castil was able to fully recount everything that had happened. He cleaned up the kitchen in a daze, remembering what Dean told him about the Bishop family. It left him feeling tainted—Cursed. But then he remembered what happened after Dean had told him the legend.
They thought they heard Garth whisper in a happy yet somewhat frantic voice, “Meg! Don’t go in there…!”
“Okay fine,” Gabe continued, “you guys want to get eaten by a ghost, be my guest. Me and Meg will do it without you two babies.”
After a few minutes of hard work, Dean got the pipe section dismantled but there wasn’t anything in there. He looked at the stained, yellowish wall that the pipes fed into. The dismantled pipe jutting out of it was completely dark inside. Dean took out a tiny flashlight, turned it on, and lowered himself to look inside.
Still he knew enough to know that this wasn't usually how humans coped. So when Dean broke the kiss, Cas murmured, "Dean?"
In the livingroom of 525 Elmwood Avenue, Castiel was finishing repairing the crack in the wall. Again. He was painting over the compound with Meg’s help, who he’d picked up from daycare on his way home from work. She had opted to wear protective eyeglasses for the occasion, but they were too big for her and kept falling down her face. Castiel was smiling. He stepped back to admire their handiwork.
Dean's expression softened. "It's good, Cas. Thanks." He flexed his hand, wishing Castiel would look somewhere else.
Sam took a long, focused breath, trying not to lose his mind. Out of the corner of his eye he caught Dean pulling something out of his back pocket, “Dean? What is that?” He looked up.
Dean had all the power and blood lust of Sam, but none of the style. Dean was all swagger and sarcasm, coated in whiskey and topped with a short temper. Why the King of Hell let his asshole of a brother stroll through whenever he pleased was beyond them.
this. So when Dean swallowed and said, his voice quiet but certain, "Yeah, Cas. I do," Castiel didn't hesitate.
Dean looked impassive. He didn’t say anything at all. Sam, on the other hand, looked as if he’d just driven all night and day and spent the entire time in a state of constant worry. He gave Dean a guilty, sad sort of smile, and Dean felt the tightness in his chest melt away.
Despite the bunker being occupied by two people and an angel, it was unusually quiet. It had been that way since that morning, when Mary left.
“Come on, Dean. You’ve earned it.” Gabriel taunted with every thrust. “Let yourself go. Or I’ll just keep visiting you. I’ll make you come all night long. Every night...”
Sam groaned desperately. The metal frame shook as Sam’s body jerked and writhed. Dean’s tongue was so good it was sin. He swirled his tongue around Sam’s cock, lapping at all his sensitive spots that Dean knew far too well. Sam moaned as Dean took Sam into his throat. Dean reached his free hand up to fondle Sam’s balls, then felt back to Sam’s spread hole, vibrating with the toy inside him. He circled Sam’s ring with the pads of his finger tips, knowing it drove Sam wild. Sam jerked his hips ineffectively, feeling the pull of his restraints. It was too much. Dean’s tongue, the tight wetness of his mouth, the vibrator sending endless electric waves through his prostate, Dean’s fingers swirling his spread hole, Sam couldn’t speak. Dean hummed in pleasure around Sam’s cock and Sam knew that Dean was coming for a fifth time that night. And that was it for Sam.
"Good," Dean crooned, feeling Sam up. His balls felt ready to burst with pleasure. Dean bled a little on Sam cock and slid the ring right off. He needn't have stroked Sam, but he did anyway.
Dean was the one who made Sam think it was all in his head. Dean always acted completely normal, chalking up the noises Sam heard late at night to Busty Asian Beauties and other nighttime adventures that Sam did not want to hear about. Dean almost convinced him that nothing was going on, until one night Dean did something Sam simply couldn’t ignore.
Charley and Gabe were both standing in the doorway to watch. The minute Castiel and Claire walked up the back porch the boys exploded into questions.
Castiel was dreaming as usual, although tonight it sounded worse than ever. His breathing was uneven and his back was moving up and down roughly. Dean went to the side of the bed and touched Castiel’s shoulder, but this time Castiel didn’t relax. This time Castiel jumped and turned to look at him.
“Mary…” the man’s voice gurgled and retched, like his body was trying to reject the sound coming out of it. “...he made a d...eal. They all did. You sh...ould have know...n I’d come… for it. He sh...ould have given it...to me…”
Dean finished cleaning up the study area then left the room again. Sam watched him go and, once he heard a door slam somewhere in the bunker, he carefully moved his laptop to couch arm and crept out of his blankets. Dean had arranged the case books completely out of order. It’s like he was doing it on purpose, now.
Castiel was breathless with arousal. He had a perfect view of Meg’s orgasm: her whole body lit up with pleasure and her expression was screwed up with bliss. It seemed to radiate from her belly outwards, curling her toes and making her drag a hand through her hair.
“Mm...” Crowley dabbed the precum beaded up at his slit and Sam bit back a moan. It felt like he’d been electrocuted. Crowley withdrew his finger, pulling a strand of precum away from Sam’s length. He lifted his finger to his lips, inches away from Sam’s, and sucked Sam’s precum off.
Sam’s eyes went hazy. He watched as Dean grabbed a shard of whiskey soaked glass and brought it to his forearm. He released his grip on Sam, but Sam stayed rooted to the table, his eyes glued to Dean's arm. Dean cut the glass into his skin and bright red blood began to seep down his arm. He dragged it up, leaving a cut that gleamed like fire in the wake of the glass.
Gabriel smirked, “Oh, Sam. I’m going to do that to you every day.” He flirted dangerously, “I’m going to do that to you when you’re on the phone, while you’re doing laundry, while you’re planning for your next hunt...”
Castiel sighed and gave Dean a weary look. Dean was trying not to laugh, but it made Castiel chuckle anyway.
Dean closed his eyes and smiled, “You don’t seem to mind.” He could already feel Castiel’s growing erection pressing into his leg.
Sam rolled his eyes. He sat back up and continued to read aloud. “Look... Both bodies have the same ligature marks on their neck. I know you said they could have hung themselves, but...”
Dean smiled. The muscles in his face felt alien to him. “That was great, Cas.” He murmured, leaning forward and kissing Castiel’s forehead. This time, Castiel smiled back.
Castiel sighed and sat down. “Yes, it is,” he said, folding the newspaper neatly. “This is an old house. We’ve never lived in one like it before. Old houses have much more history, and it’s common for people to have passed away in them.”
Dean heard the front door close and the house fell silent once again. He exhaled deeply, a smile lingering on his lips. He glanced at the walkman placed neatly on top of his bag, then at the circuit board. The silence pounded against his eardrums. He heard Meg’s voice from out the window, disappearing down the block. Dean was completely alone. His expression hardened.
"Of course!" Rowena said, glancing flirtatiously up at Balthazar, "You boys usually have an angel up your sleeve. Although I must say I like this version much better..." She slid her palms up Balthazar’s chest.
"Oh, and… don't bother holding back. We can see it in your eyes -- how much you love being between Sam and Dean Winchester. We'll force it out of you, one way or another."
Castiel groaned. His hand fell away and he looked at Sam, pupils blown. It took Sam’s breath away. His thrusts got more searching, desperate. He got handsy as he often did, and started feeling Castiel up in the water. Castiel loved when Sam played with his nipples, and the slippery water made it that much easier. Castiel arched his back, sliding down on Sam’s cock on his own, and Sam shuddered in pleasure. He swirled the pads of his fingers around and around Castiel’s nipples, loving the color rising in Castiel’s cheeks. He was downright cute. Then Sam remember something else about Castiel he’d just realized was cute. Sam’s hands slipped down Castiel’s body. He lifted his legs under the knees and folded Castiel onto himself. Enough water had splashed out of the tub that Castiel didn’t slide under the surface. Sam usually did this to deepen his thrusts, but not this time. This time he did it so he could fuck Castiel and rub his feet at the same time.
Charley, Gabe, and Claire told Castiel all about the neighborhood when they returned home. They discovered that the walking path went all the way to the church downtown, and they could even walk to school from there. They also found an old fort someone had built in the wooded area just off the path. Castiel advised them to be careful and made a mental note to inspect it himself later.
They fucked for hours. Dean came first when Sam found his prostate and unleashed his lust on it. Dean had never cum so hard or so fast, even by his own doing. Dean’s heat kept him wet and ready after every assault, aching for everything Sam could give him. After his second orgasm, he was so stretched that, after the perfect thrust, Sam’s growing knot slipped right into him with a wet pop. They both groaned, and Sam fucked his knot into Dean’s quivering hole, trembling.
For some reason, it wasn’t ghosts or demons that surfaced in his mind as he sat there, listening to the pounding of blood in his ears, it was something Garth said at the Roadhouse. Castiel realized in that moment that he’d been dwelling over it for a while.
Perhaps it was the alcohol, but Castiel couldn’t help but feel at ease with this man. He could see how Mortimer’s profession and his striking physical appearance would inspire feelings of unease in others, but for whatever reason Castiel felt quite the opposite. He felt safe.
Dean glanced over at the giant mound of blanket, but decided to ignore it. He turned the volume down a bit.
Dean moaned, so Castiel kept talking to him. He whispered sweet nothings into his ear and made love to him, and Dean began to tense up in to time.
Castiel hadn’t heard from or seen Garth since he spoke to Dean on Thursday. He supposed that was for the best. Thinking of either of them, especially Dean, made Castiel's already dispirited heart ache. The only thing keeping him together was his children, yet he could tell that both Jack and Charley were worried about him.
Castiel couldn’t believe that Garth and Dean were spying on him. Dean hadn’t been in that car, but Castiel knew he was involved. Confused and angry, he walked up to his house and went inside. He had a half a mind to finish that tequila, but he wanted to be sober.
“I do,” Mortimer said. “Just up the stairs. In the wall of the landing.” He gestured vaguely upwards.
The Impala roared as it followed after Garth, it’s headlights fading into the night like two blood run moons.
“I don’t know what to do. I’m not as experienced as he is and I… I’m afraid I’m doing something wrong. You’re his brother – do you know if there’s any way I can...” he started making that hand gesture again and Sam cut him off abruptly.
He was right, the tattoo ended at his cock, which was every bit as perfect as the rest of him. Dean went down on him without a second thought, until he was burying his nose in the Sex Pistol’s logo and inhaling deep breaths of cardamom, woods, and bergamot.
Small sounds disrupted his counting, and he concentrated instead on the sharp footsteps circling him predatorily. He could only listen to them because, on top of everything else, he was blindfolded.
Sam stared at the screen. He realized now why there were cords pulled out of the back. Hardcore gay porn was playing mutely on Dean’s screen. It looked like it had been locked on full-screen and full-volume, which surely had blasted throughout the entire floor until Mr. Smith pulled the speaker cords.
Dean stared at him, unsure what to say even though he knew the answer. It was because he, too, was a wendigo, masquerading as the human being it once was. Consuming others to stay alive, letting people die just to hold onto that cursed life
Crowley smirked. He slipped a hand down Sam’s boxers and withdrew Sam’s flaccid cock. Sam watched hazily as Crowley maneuvered Sam’s cock and balls through the ring at the base of the cage, sliding it firmly up against Sam’s body.
Jack and Charley helped cook dinner while Gabe and Claire played dinosaurs with Meg. Castiel still felt numb and distant as they all sat down to eat, but the warm, cheesy soup and friendly conversation finally seemed to bring him back to earth. Soon he was laughing and talking with the rest of his family. He knew he’d have to talk to Jack about what was really happening in the house, especially if Jack was going to stay the night, but surely it could wait a bit longer.
They both stared at each other. Claire knew Kaia was strange, but she looked deadly serious. Claire’s heart was pounding. They could barely hear the music anymore. Claire thought she could feel it, too, something waiting for them in the small, dark closet. Their gaze shifted to the closet door and Claire tightened her grip. Claire’s bravery seemed to reassure Kaia, and she stood fast beside her.
“You call me the demon, but angels?” He gave a rough laugh as Castiel double-checked Dean’s restraints. “You’re just as bad. Look what you did, Cas. You ruined everyone’s lives. Sam’s, Jimmy’s, mine. We’re both monsters! You belong in this trap, right by my side!”
Castiel was listening raptly. He thought he sensed discomfort in Sam, so he waited it out with him. Sam continued quickly enough.
Sam smiled. It was a different kind of smile than Gabriel had ever seen Sam wear before. It was so vulnerable yet, all for Gabriel. Gabriel knew he’d at last gotten Sam. He’d won him over and gotten to share something intimate with him.
Sam filled them in on Crowley’s whereabouts, even though he hadn’t been able to make contact before Castiel had texted him. Keeping Dean’s advice in mind, Sam hadn’t brought up the fact that the Mark of Cain was still on Dean’s arm, but it was clear that their next mission was to find Crowley regardless. None of them spoke about Castiel’s grace or the coughs he suppressed throughout the meal.
Guys... I HAVE ONE SQUARE LEFT!!! Which means I'm almost finished with this year's Kink Bingo :D I'm planning on ending this Menagerie with the completion of Kink Bingo and posting the rest of my ABO Bingo squares as stand alone fics. Thank you so much for sticking with me, and I hope you enjoy the final two chapters! The final chapter will be posted sometime this coming week!
This amazing pronouncement was met with watery smiles from the kids, and even Garth. It seemed that none of them felt the full gravity of seeing Meg again until that moment.
Castiel looked like he was contemplating his answer. He knew it wasn’t going to be what Dean anticipated. He’d been married to two women, afterall. The truth was that Castiel had never actually slept with a man at all. But… “Well,” Castiel said, “Meg and I…” he paused, smiling slightly at the look on Dean’s face.
In Dean's rapturous haze, he reached around Castiel's back and clumsily massaged his wings. Castiel's body trembled and he groaned. Dean had only ever heard Cas groan a few times, so there was no way in Hell Dean was letting go of that spot. He raked his fingers through the inky feathers and Castiel bucked into him hotly. Dean moaned, spurring Castiel on.
Still, Sam’s cock was even bigger than Dean remembered. If he hadn’t been starting his heat, he wasn’t sure if his body would have been able to take all of it. Dean was wet and perfectly pliable for Sam’s cock, and every inch of pain was drowned out by miles of overwhelming pleasure.
Inspired by boredom, Dean slipped roguishly out of his chair and disappeared under the table. Sam was so absorbed in his research that he hadn’t noticed—until he felt Dean undoing his jeans.
Dean faked a laugh, “I’d like to see you get stabbed in the elbow with a meat thermometer and not swea…hey, don’t touch me...”
"I... I'm seeing someone else…!" Rowena blinked, putting on a quick but nasty smile, "and you can't touch him. He's even more powerful than
Sam was a heaving, gasping, sobbing mess as the pain of Alpha puberty devastated him on the bathroom floor. Dean tried everything he could think of, but he just couldn’t handle it. There was nothing he could do for Sam and, worse, his own repressed Omega instincts were eating away at his rational mind. Dean tried looking up different spells in their dad’s old book, as he had done for himself, but found nothing that could help Sam.
No. Surely that couldn’t be right. Dean Smith was a local handyman. People knew him. Maybe not the hardware guy, but didn’t Dr. Fitzgerald vouch for him? To Castiel’s horror, however, he discovered that Dean had an accomplice on the grave desecration arrest, and when he pulled up the photo he saw another familiar face.
Castiel sighed. He sat down opposite Dean, barely looking him in the eye. “Dean, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to hurt you.”
They scurried away with their camera, fumbling over each other and crashing back through the foliage. Claire looked up at her dad.
Gabriel rose a brow. "You sure? Cuz…" He loosened his tie and lowered his voice, "I've always wanted to bang my secretary."
“Good...goodnight,” Castiel replied, trying to sound sane. He wasn’t sure if he succeeded, but he hurried back inside all the same, trying not to linger on the spot where the figure had been.
Within seconds Castiel’s suit things were scattered around them and Castiel had been stripped to that Metallica shirt with his dress pants and underwear around his knees. Dean's hands were all over Castiel as he fucked him on the cabin floor.
“That’s right. Meg’s a great secretary and all, but I think she’ll learn more practical skills in daycare,” he explained. “Like how to not put things up her nose.”
Castiel smiled softly. “Alright. Maybe… maybe I can call Gabriel to watch the kids. I know they’d love to see him.”
Sam’s voice cracked when Dean planted his lips down and hummed. Dean’s lips amplified the feeling of the vibrator, and Sam’s muscles trembled. Dean smiled against Sam’s cockhead.
The house groaned all around them, spreading fear through Castiel like poison. The horned figure was rising up again, it’s eyes so yellow that it made the fire around them look black.
The lights in the upstairs hallway were on as the kids got ready for bed. Castiel read to Meg while Charley finished feeding Felix. Gabe was brushing his teeth in the bathroom. Claire was in her room finishing the homework she accidentally mentioned she had.
"I know, saw the ring. How long you been married for?" Dean asked, but he didn't really want to know the answer.
He held the phone to his ear as he began to get the paper plates and plastic spoons out the cupboard ready for Claire's birthday cake.
Claire just rolled her eyes, walking past Cas and patting him in the shoulder as she began making her way back to the pool with her friends.
"There was a fire... the whole house went up and..." He trailed off unable to finish his sentence as he looked down at the ground.
Dean couldn't stop himself from smiling as he watched Cas drive off before he turned around and began walking out of school, hoping his family weren't home to ruin his now good mood.
Dean had happily agreed to helping work on the Chevrolet Chevelle and did his best to prove his worth. He always loved working with vehicles whether it was his fathers old Impala or a truck or Triumph motorcycle, if it had an engine and wheels, he was more than happy to work on it.
Cas was here and standing in the refuge that had once been theirs and suddenly Dean realised why Bobby had insisted in his will that he'd come back home.
Castiel wasn't 18 anymore. He'd look different now, taller, more muscular maybe, he wasn't sure, but he wouldn't look like a kid anymore. Although, Dean hadn't seen him since they were teenagers, so maybe Cas still looked exactly the same, he wouldn't know.
He rushed towards the door and quickly opened it, a thousand questions running through his head, but didn't get the chance to ask one before Dean spoke up.
He stared at the convertible sports car spotting the eldest Novak brothers, Michael and Luci in the front seats while five other jocks from school sat in the back yelling out insults.
"I wanted to go somewhere, and maybe have some coffee or some ice cream. You ask me questions, I ask you questions and if we just so happen to like the answer, Dean, then maybe we'll go on another one. And if we don't, then we won't. Nobody needed to know it was a date, just two friends hanging out, but God, if that's just too much to ask, then fine." Cas ranted, running his fingers through his hair as he stared at him before shaking his head. "Forget it. I'm done."
Dean glared at his cousin, wanting to knock him out for outing Cas like that, but he knew that was a bad idea, despite how much he wanted to.
Bobby seemed to be impressed with his skills and knowledge under the hood of the car and offered him a deal.
Dean knew his father only took his cousins under his wing because he didn't like how he had turned out. John thought he could make his nephews into the sons that he always wanted.
Silently he made his way further down the hallway and sneaked out the back door, wincing when the door squeaked as he closed it. But, luckily his family were too loud to hear the noise before he took off jogging through the woods out the back of the property.
"Hey, hey, come on, Pop. Let's play some cards." Adam suggested, trying to get John's attention away from Dean.
It was with Bobby that Cas could unleash his rage at Kelly and he was the first and only person he ever told about his worries with his marriage and his worries for Claire's future. But, he never spoke or bought up the topic of Dean Winchester, and Bobby never spoke about him either because he knew Cas didn't want to.
Dean was slowly making his way across the school carpark, not caring that he was one of the last ones to leave the school.
"I don't care! I don't care. I mean, Dean, do you want this? Do you want me?" He asked, staring at the other guy desperately as he rested their foreheads together and Dean sighed, taking a deep breath.
Castiel gave him a friendly smile before he walked back towards his friends and jumped over the back door of the convertible as Michael sped off.
"He asks that you pack up his things and he would like you to go through it, and take whatever you want. He left instructions that his assets be liquidated and that the proceeds be donated to the American Paediatric Cancer Society." She explained, but Dean didn't miss how Cas' body suddenly tensed at those words.
Cas stared up at the small veranda over the top of the balcony shielding them from the rain before he turned his attention back towards Dean, his eyes instantly going to his busted lip.
Dean hadn't talked to anyone in his family since he was a teenager and he didn't indent to renew their acquaintance now.
"My friend thinks you were trying to talk to me the other day." He wasn't entirely sure why he said that, but it had been bugging him ever since Jo said it.
"Come on in here. Sit down. Let's play a hand of cards or something." His father suggested motioning towards the card table in front of him while Adam started to shuffle the deck of cards from where he sat.
Dean lifted his head, his eyes locking with Castiel's blue ones. There wasn't any judgement or anger in the mans eyes and all Dean could do was nod ever so slightly before the placed the wrench on the work bench behind him and walked out the garage.
He might not like Adam much, the guy was an asshole and drunk more often than not. But the two of them always looked out for each other whenever John was in a violent mood.
He was done with his fathers bullshit. He was done with letting his father drag him around and doing runs or deliveries for him. He was done with it all.
"I'm married now, figured I should probably tell you." Cas added, almost as if he could read his mind.
Dean cashed the check on the way home, posting most of the money to a house in Lawrence, Kansas, leaving himself with just enough for fuel and other expenses.
Why the hell would he tell him? Nobody but Lee and Jo knew and he did not want that little bit of information to get out.
But, as he fell asleep that night, his alarm set early for his drive back home, he couldn't help wondering how his life had come to this.
Castiel began to lean forward, giving Dean time to pull away if he was reading the situation wrong. But, Dean never pulled away and to Cas' surprise Dean moved forward too and their lips crashed together.
"Wasn't the first time he's done something like that, but was the first time I actually stood up against him and if I stayed... I would've done more than just stand up against him." Dean answered.
"This is nice. What you've done here." His father began to say, his tone way to calm for Dean's liking as he leant down towards the bed of tulips, reaching out towards them.
He wandered past all the old graves, his eyes scanning the names on the headstones before he stopped in front of the two he was looking for.
"Now first thing that Bobby Singer asked was for me to apologise on his behalf for any inconvenience. He asked that I pass on his gratitude for your being here and your friendship always. His words." Missouri began to say.
Cas looked over at him for a few seconds, waiting to see if the he would continue talking, but Castiel quickly realised that even after 20 years Dean was still the silent type, which Cas liked. He was glad that Dean was still the same... well, he wasn't the same. A lot had changed in him over the years and Cas figured jail had been a big part of that.
Dean wasn't sure if Cas was glad or annoyed at Bobby for doing it, but he sure as hell wasn't going to ask.
Dean watched as Cas walked over and sat down beside him on the wooden log, their thighs brushing against each other's slightly as Cas looked over at him taking in the dark blue and purple bruise covering his left eye and Dean nodded.
He didn't even want to think about Cas being with another person and he hated himself for those selfish thoughts, because Cas deserved to be happy, but Dean couldn't help it.
But, after the fire... after his baby brother died, the woods weren't the same. Nothing was the same anymore without Sammy and Dean knew it never would be.
The thought of stepping foot in that town again made him uneasy, but, Bobby had been like a father to him. He had been a better father than what his old man ever was and Dean would do anything for the man who had turned his life around.
His father had taught him a bit about mechanics when he was a kid before the fire, but after that his father stopped and Dean taught himself everything else.
He walked along the footpath down the main street when sudden honking and shouting erupted behind him.
Dean had seen Castiel around school and in classes ever since they were kids. There was only one main school in town, so of course they had gone to the same school, but they had never spoken more than a word to each other.
Dean quickly glanced around wondering if any of Castiel's brothers or friends were around to help him, but they were alone.
Dean knew this was a test, but he was beyond the point of caring at the moment because he was done with this.
Dean understood how Gabriel would feel like his best friend as well as his brother because Sam used to be Deans too. He understood that better than anybody.
His old man turned bitter and angry after the fire, he was furious that Sam had died in the fire, but not in the way any normal father would mourn the death of a son. He was pissed that his six-year-old son had died because he had 'so much potential' compared to 10-year-old Dean who John got stuck with.
To Dean's relief Garth was extremely understanding about the situation. A lot of people wouldn't be so nice and would just care about getting their car back and nothing else, but not Garth.
