“Then there are all the others. Those I'm pretty sure know what happened, but are keeping a lid on it, like Spider-Man. Because, you understand, Steve, superheroes know what is right and what isn't. They wouldn't do something like executing Tony Stark, now, would they? Except, of course, if murder was now an acceptable behavior in particular circumstances, circumstances left to be determined, obviously, to the discretion of our people. Because superheroes know better. And, either way, if we don't talk about it, it's like it never happened. Right?”
There was a look in Steve's eyes, just for a moment, and Tony's stomach turned on itself. He knew that look. That was the look Steve gave him – both of him, Iron Man and Tony Stark – when he didn't believe a word “Mr. Stark” said but had no actual proof to back it up, and so didn't say a thing.
And, as always, he'd be judged for not staying, for not being able to put aside his “personal” feelings for the happiness of the lucky couple, of the ones who called themselves his friends – Steve, though, Steve wouldn't get any heat for having done that first. Because Iron Man was fair game, but Captain America never did anything wrong.
Not for long, and only because they hadn't expected it, because Tony wasn't exactly in the best state right now, what with the imminent heart attack and everything, but screw it if that had ever stopped him before.
But, sure, let's worry about CPR – or the fact that Steve totally didn't remember him without the helmet, did he, let's hope he didn't because if he did – Tony.
“We'll see what we can cook up, but you'll have to provide the reasoning and the proof for each of them. Now, to get to the point: what do you want for yourself, Mr. Stark?”
Confirmation, Falcon had recognized him even in the dire light and general lack of comfort offered by “Dell Rusk”'s hospitality – which, by the way, come on, Secretary of Defense? How? And what were the damages?
The window broke against his fist, and he viciously wondered if Susan actually understood what Pepper had been asking of him, if she considered he had so little worth as a human being that it was a reasonable demand to make of him – that him not granting it would make him selfish in her eyes.
Tony wasn't surprised by Steve's decision, of course. Barely disappointed, at that. It wasn't like he didn't know the man, by now, and how bloody idealistic he could be even though he called himself a man of practicality.
Maybe he had been wrong not to tell Rhodey, on an interpersonal level. But at the same time he had also been right on a practical level, and no matter what Tony had told his friend practicality would always trump feelings, if only because you couldn't have feelings once you were dead.
He had no idea, no freaking idea how he could counter that. How could he counter something he wasn't even aware of? For all he knew, he'd been behaving exactly like usual during the time he was missing, just like with Kang, up until the moment he'd start killing people, so there was no point working on a program to lock him out if his behavior changed – not like with the drinking, at least. And locking him out of “killing people” was good and all in theory, but really dangerous in practice as it would mean denying himself the capacity to act as a last resort, which could be useful when you didn't have the time to work out a better solution and someone else's life was in danger anyway – and also because not every people out there required the same amount of strength to be killed, or even simply incapacited, and he couldn't exactly rely on files to tell his system who he ought to attack with repulsor rays and who should just be knocked out, that would be the equivalent of using drone-like Iron Men instead of an actual pilot, which was a complicated suggestion in general.
Captain America was perfect. Captain A... – Steve Rogers liked people, and he tried to always see the good in them, not to let himself be prejudiced. Steve Rogers, moreover, didn't know anything about Tony's reputation, he didn't have, couldn't have unfair bias towards Tony Stark. Steve Rogers might be the one person who would give Tony a chance and not expect anything in return.
His eyes first fell onto the alcohol – in everyone's hands, on the tables and counter, on the wall – and the first thing he thought was that a drink would be welcome to deal with this. The second was that he should put it all on fire.
“...that it's fair. That you should put your money where your mouth is. I won't tell anyone. I just... I want the truth. For me. After all these years.”
Which was kind of surprising, considering almost everyone Steve had met since he had come out of the ice, and probably even before that, had wanted the same thing. Everyone wanted to be liked by Captain America – or at least not disliked.
And for a moment Steve wondered if she was really talking about him at all. Was she... angry at herself? There was something. There was something, and once again it all fell into place, but the details weren't exactly right, and Steve had to wonder, once more, if maybe there was something he was missing, because it worked, but it didn't seem like it should work.
“At first, I thought it was Extremis. That it had made him... different. That it wasn't quite Tony I was fighting. Not anymore. That he wasn't really human anymore, he wasn't himself, and... Maybe a shadow of who he used to be. I thought... I thought it was all a power grab of some kind, but... “
They left the living room, going downstairs, to the gym. Tony fell into step with Cap without meaning to, as he elaborated on the – fake – reason he needed a self-defense lesson – while not telling Steve about the real reason.
He barely heard Steve's muffled response, with the way he had his head stuck to Iron Man's shoulder.
“I can't even tell you why I'm doing half the things I do, it's like I woke up the other night with a whole past I can remember but can't ultimately understand and it's a past that makes me a pretty shitty person. So, once again, Steve: why do you care?”
“Of course you don't. Just like mutant-you wasn't a mutant. Which, for the matter, brings up the question of whether or not you actually don't remember House of M or if you simply convinced yourself you didn't remember it.”
Steve scowled, but at least didn't say anything about how selfish Mr. Stark was being right now, refusing to do what he'd always done and just make it happen. Had Iron Man mentioned it, though, then he'd have heard something about how they didn't need Mr. Stark's help – completely ignoring the fact that Iron Man's armor was entirely thanks to Tony Stark's good will, of course – because one way or another Tony always got it wrong, didn't he?
“Dead. Again. What, did you think Extremis would save him from a headshot? It didn't. Now we're trying to make sure his death wasn't for nothing, so I'd appreciate if you didn't get yourself killed anytime soon.”
Because apparently it was better to always assume the worst from Tony, he'd finally understood that – too late, though; and... maybe it hadn't been Tony's choice, not his decision, maybe this wasn't because of Tony, but. It would always be better to assume the worst from Stark, right?
Which, by the way. He hoped Cap and the others were alright. They could handle themselves, and he had to find out what was going on here – God, Hank, and who knew who else was aboard that ship, who knew who wasn't who they were saying they were in his life?
“If you want to tell me this is a mistake and we should... we should end it, I... I want more of an explanation than that. You can't just tell me we don't make sense and leave it at that!”
While he was thinking about all this, he had a meeting with the president – again – in ten minutes. At least he was already – still – in D.C.. That was that.
The look on her face told Tony that Sue had realized what she'd just said – some of it, at least. That she was ashamed, if not of anything else, at least of those last words.
Steve felt weird for a moment – on top of the pain, he'd learned how to ignore the pain a long time ago – and then he was on the ground – it was alright, he knew wounds, and frankly this one wasn't going to kill him unless they didn't get it treated, he was going to live and be told what had happened exac...
Steve obviously didn't feel that way – or at least, he never did when it came to Tony Stark. Everyone else, except genocidal supervillains such as the Red Skull, deserved a second chance, but not Tony Stark.
Tony would probably be sneering, if the voice filters weren't on and hiding that sound even from him.
The point being, Tony Stark had not, in the end, proposed to Steve Rogers to show him the future, but Iron Man had. So much for trying to befriend Steve Rogers as himself. It was safe to say that, all things taken into account, Tony hadn't really tried yet.
Thinking of Steve – which was not a good idea, considering the current Rogers / Stark situation, the secret identity issue, and a number of other reasons, but Tony needed to know for certain what was going on with him, so once was a necessity – though...
Who knew, after getting public, maybe another Kenny would take a shot at him, and this time it would work.
No one ever talked about the fact that the ends justified the means, only as long as the ends were justified too. Probably because it was more than difficult to be absolutely certain about whether or not the ends were justified.
Saying everyone was kind and nice was good and all, except some weren't, and while it might appear unfair to “punish” the heroes for what the villains did, what right did they have to put their own comfort before the lives of ordinary people, who couldn't even defend themselves if, say, one day, the Sentry had a break-down and decided the answer to Evil was to wipe out the planet. Which, you know, hit a bit too close to home. It wasn't like no hero had ever decided enough was enough, and repentant as they might be afterwards, it didn't change the fact that there had been consequences – and wasn't that exactly what they'd told him, after the guardsmen? Why didn't it apply to them too, then, why should it only apply to Tony and the likes?
It might be a ghost. Or not. Perhaps it was an interdimensional echo – if that existed, but he'd found out over time that almost everything existed, even the things you'd never have imagined, and if they didn't exist in your universe, then they existed in the universe next door.
He had things to do. Steve also had things to do. Those things were not likely to have them go the same way. In fact, they were very likely to put them on diverging paths, no, worse than that, to stitch their respective paths together as – he didn't want to think enemies, but what else could it really be called? – enemies.
Friends who didn't know he was Tony Stark, behind the mask, and so who didn't make assumptions about who he really was, about what he actually wanted out of all the superheroing. Tony Stark shouldered all the bad parts of his life, and Iron Man got not to deal with those.
He barely had to wait; Steve's voice resonated oddly through the phone – not enough that Tony's throat didn't constrict suspiciously at the sounds he had missed so much. Definitely not a Starkphone. He wasn't surprised.
No, that couldn't be right. Steve was going out with a girl named Bernie Rosenthal, for starters, and Tony knew that Cap didn't fool around, and certainly didn't pretend he liked someone just to dump them afterwards. Moreover, Steve had never indicated that he could like men too – then again, considering how the 40's were about that kind of things... Also, Steve totally had the right not to say it out loud for everyone to know if he didn't want to. Still, Iron Man was just an armor; Steve didn't even know what he looked like underneath – wrong, he did, but he didn't know he did, and that was definitely for the better – except for the eyes, and Tony knew for a fact that having the helmet on made his eyes look a few shades darker, so, not even the eyes, not really.
That hadn't happened in his dream – but, maybe Stark had come because of what he'd said. It didn't have to mean anything, especially as, even if Steve hadn't seen Stark in his dream at first, the fact that the man had died in front of him meant he had in fact been there.
Hill's idiocy, again, and Steve's inability to even lie – couldn't he have said, maybe, okay, and still not done it? Was his word worth more than the problems he'd caused here?
He didn't have to, though, as Spider-Man came swinging in and the mugger ended up webbed around a street light, before Steve could even go and stare the evil-doer down – Tony used to say it was his disappointed-in-you face, as if Steve had looked at him like that often enough for Tony to get used to it, which couldn't be, right?
Had the footsteps been Tony's? But he'd come from the other side, and – and Steve had turned around to push the marshal away, and Tony had...
This wasn't the moment to make it about himself, Tony knew – it was never the moment, really, but sometimes you just needed to ask, you needed to make it about yourself if you didn't want to break into pieces, and Tony really, really tried not to, but he couldn't always, and... This time he needed it.
The fact that Tony knew the exact difference between brainwashing and mind-control – a brainwashed person didn't have to be under constant orders, because they'd been led to believe with all their soul, heart and mind that they were in the right, whereas mind-control failed the moment you let it down – and both from personal experience should have been terrifying.
When he walked into the room, Steve already had a smile the approximate size of Texas on his face, having almost certainly heard him approach.
He'd have to consider carefully which option was the best, the safest – for Henry – or the more efficient – for Carol – depending on who went to talk to her.
Except that wouldn't make any sense, because there would still be the fact that it had happened two times.
But no, Steve was just that delighted to see Good Old Shellhead, wasn't he? Not even a hint of disapproval in his tone. No, the rejection was entirely due to Tony being Tony Stark.
“From what I've understood, the timeline from which you plucked me out was aborted by the timestream as it was essentially this past with only one intervention from the future, a future that couldn't be if the past had actually changed. All that, Jan, means that I may be your Tony Stark, as in exactly the same Tony as the one you knew ten years ago, but I'm still missing those ten years. I've basically been catapulted ten years into my own future, so no, I don't know anything about what older-me did or didn't find out about Kang's plans. He... I mean, I managed to give myself some intel on this future-present we're in, but then it was too late and all I have is an incomplete guide into being Tony Stark, Nowadays Edition.”
Tony hadn't said anything to Pepper, because her pain at losing Happy overshadowed his, because her anger at the fact that this was most definitely an act against Tony – that the reason why Happy was all but dead was because someone wanted Tony, not Happy, not Pepper, but Tony, to suffer – was deserved.
T'Challa was taking care of the Red Skull in the background, while the hypocritical idiot spewed stupidities about “your kind” and whatever, as if not literally everyone fell into the same traps over and over again, as if, especially, nazis didn't – and wasn't that a laugh, when the Red Skull was always beaten back but never seemed to learn? – and Tony trusted the Black Panther to do the job adequately while he tried to, maybe, help Steve and Falcon stay alive.
Tony, himself, did all this for several reasons: because someone needed to, because why would it be someone else to have to sacrifice their comfort when he had the means, because he did help occasionally, because not doing it when he could was as much a decision as doing something when you didn't have to. Because he couldn't live with himself if he stayed on the bench when he did have the means. Because his own life wasn't worth more than any other life, and if he privileged it even over others – plural – then he'd be putting a price on their heads and on his own, he'd be saying that his right to live was higher than the right to live of numerous people.
“I'd really, really like if we could work together on this one, Tony, but don't forget, I'm in your head. I know you're already overextending yourself between the Avengers and the company, and you're going to be busy trying to repel SHRA, or at least trying to contain it. I can't ask you to help me on that. So I'm just... I'm just going to make you forget about all that, and just deal with it on my own. I... Take care of yourself, Tony.”
Tony grabbed the file he had come for and left his office, a sour taste in his mouth and no one to blame for it.
Sometimes he felt like his life was “throw me in the worst situation you can imagine and I'll still come out looking better than you because I can't afford not to”, though occasionally it took him some time to come out of it.
“Supposing that by 'disabling' you do not mean killing the newcomer, in which case you'd break the second sub-principle, I have to point out that the morality of such an action depends only on the result of said action. Should you be unable to disable your enemy, you would still have retroactively lied to your friend in that you were unable to protect them and still made a choice counting on your ability to disable the enemy, and you would still have failed to protect life at all cost. Worse, should that cost be your own life, should you not only have lied and failed to protect your friend, but also failed to protect yourself, three times would you have failed your principles. Your intent was good, but the result would not be.”
Emma gave him a smile back that was about as fake as his own – there was a point, he mused, between people who wore masks, at which letting others see the falseness of the masks was as close an admittance of kinship and honesty as possible, and wasn't that a particularly unpleasant realization?
If there wasn't, then how came that Steve had just almost-thought – almost, because he hadn't, not until he had, not until the ghost-who-wasn't-here had brought it to his mind, but how had it done it, if it wasn't here? – all those things, things Steve didn't normally think? Doubts that he never allowed in, that he didn't even think about, because those were things Tony worried over, not Steve.
“What everyone heard was that superpowered people could do whatever they wanted, because of course they know where is the line, and when they cross it the others would step in. Except, what happens when no one steps in, Steve?”
No one knew who was behind the mask, who risked their life every now and then to save the world or stop the costumed assholes endangering their life, but weirdly enough, the only ones who were bothered by that little fact were the authorities who occasionally demanded for Tony Stark to give up Iron Man's identity – probably because it would be easier, then, to keep them in check should the need arise.
If they even cared about what had happened to him. After all, he wasn't an Avenger, was he? He was just the team's benefactor, and as everyone suspected he was the reason why Iron Man had gone on his armors war, wasn't he? Of the West Coast Avengers, only Tigra had come by and left a bouquet of flowers, but he knew she had had a bit of a crush on Tony Stark. The East Coast Avengers hadn't even deigned calling Rhodey, or someone, anyone, to ask and learn if the news were true, when Tony had yet had to be operated on – he knew, of course, that some of them were in their own shit, so he couldn't expect them to have called right away, but he also doubted that any of them would do anything about it later on, after being finished with whatever they were doing.
“What would be your advice, then, Black Panther? Take over the american government and place Captain America as our king, maybe?”
There was no ghost of Tony Stark here. Nothing had been said. He hadn't heard Stark's voice asking him “and then what, Steve?”. There hadn't been an enumeration of all the ways Strange had not necessarily made his choice because he thought Steve was right, that maybe he was doing it because he thought the consequences were not worth the principle or whatever other reason could push him to do what he did – and what he hadn't done beforehand. And that, of course, it didn't mean Strange hadn't done it for the reasons Steve thought, that maybe he had, but there was still the possibility that he hadn't, and
The pressure on his mind was going up. Tony could feel his body almost vibrating under the strain, and the injuries that had still been healing since the fight at the Baxter Building were reopening. Other things were happening too – oh, feel that, the well-known feeling of death clawing at his innards – but with Extremis on the brink of shutdown he wasn't getting any notifications – or possibly, too many, and he couldn't consciously deal with the knowledge. If the other one had still been there, he'd probably be saying something like, Dang, Tony, that was your right lung giving in, you know.
“I know that we never got off the right foot, you and I. I don't know how, and I don't know why, but I know that whatever I do, I keep... compounding it. ...And I know I get these ideas in my head, and I can't stop, an then sometimes the only way to achieve the end I need is to ask Iron Man to do it for me.”
His childhood home, the place where his friends were invited to come, all gone up in flames and smokes, once again, and he couldn't bear it, but still he'd have rebuilt, if only because the Avengers needed it, but this time he literally couldn't – he had to make sure SE stayed afloat, he had to rebuild his reputation, he didn't have the cash, so, basically, the one thing he did for the Avengers that really mattered, he couldn't do it anymore.
He'd still make her say it out loud, just to see if she'd have the guts to do that and still pretend this was all about righteousness and doing the right thing. Not that it wouldn't be painful to hear, but if being hurt was the price for realization, Tony would pay it a thousand times over.
He was still in his cell. This had all been a dream – Steve had his fair share of problems, and PTSD might be one of them, but anxiety wasn't part of it, but he guessed dreaming about what could go wrong this day was entirely plausible, considering he was putting himself in a position of vulnerability, in public, when he already had so many enemies, more than a few willing to see him die. As for Stark dying in his dreams...
Sure, Cap could, potentially, have fallen in love with Iron Man's personality and not care at all about his body, but that was a new hornet nest if Tony ever knew one, seeing as Steve didn't like Tony Stark's personality, not one bit.
Tony sighed, already regretting having decided to pass by the mansion – which he had apparently lent to the Avengers at the very beginning of the team, to the point that sometimes people he didn't even know looked at him funny when he came by his very own place, come on – as Jan asked him the question a second time.
“Because I'm not entirely convinced by his bullshit doesn't mean I disagree with everything he says, be it because of what he did to me or not. Mostly, I'm unsure if he's telling the truth about how he got me on his side, but he is terrified of something and if it terrifies Kang the Conqueror then I want to know what it is.”
As much as someone could be the boss of themselves, at least, and in the facts that Iron Man always followed Tony Stark's decisions.
Tony understood, of course. Whether or not he was truly innocent, the point was that Iron Man couldn't operate as well if no one in the public trusted him, and just couldn't operate at all as an Avenger without it tainting the whole team. He understood.
Tony sighed, made a show of pretending he'd just arrived from New York, and T'Challa and him went back to work with their various specialists on the disgusting gas of mass murder. Not long after that they signed a mutual scientific sharing agreement, hoping it would make them more responsive if something like that happened again – and, in general, making them more efficient researchers, even without catastrophic events involved.
Steve saw Carol's expression closing back on itself, as comprehension of his words fell. As if it was all starting to make sense to her – his actions, his reactions, his mistakes – and she really didn't like the picture it was painting.
Tony blinked his eyes open, only to notice that he didn't have the helmet on – his heart made a leap, panicking at the idea that the others were probably here too, that they'd see – if they hadn't yet – that they'd know – and of course he didn't think that Captain America would leave him stranded in the Savage Land, no matter angry he would be, but there were other ways this could go, other consequences he didn't want to think about, and...
Fair enough. But every team had their own complicated structure, their own rules, and believe it or not, Logan knew how to be in a team – kind of, but still, just enough.
Then again, Henry didn't have a super suit of armor to protect him if Carol got a tad too angry – not that Tony expected her to try and attack anyone, but well, from what he remembered of his own time in the gutter of alcoholism, even his sad-drunk act had occasionally turned to angry-drunk when he was pushed too far, and there was no telling what kind of drunk Carol was, or how far too far would be for her.
Someone, he supposed, was making sure that it wasn't being abused, something that Stark himself had promised them all, something that Stark hadn't seen to.
“I'm going to step down, obviously, offer an apology, and discreetly look into whatever happened. Weird things are happening lately, the Avengers are investigating too.”
Steve almost smiled, but there was a bland look behind it, visible even under the cowl. Cap was only being polite, he was only helping out, because that was what he did.
Steve had the shield in hand, expecting – what? An enemy? Maybe that wasn't so bad an assessment. Tony wondered if Cap knew already, if... He imagined that shield falling down, a cutting edge – speed, people – against the armor's neck.
Anyway. Tony and Pepper, even while they'd given up on anything intimate with each other, still loved each other. They couldn't – and wouldn't, not with Happy in the picture, not with him out of it, not after everything – be couple, because it hurt too much now – and Steve, well. Steve knew about that, didn't he? He'd tried, and tried, and tried, with Sharon, but each try seemed like more of a catastrophe, perhaps because they were pretending everything between them hadn't happened, a bit more each time, and now...
His guts churned, and Tony wondered what he had done wrong – or if, perhaps, there just wasn't a way for him to get it right, not even when talking to Captain America, and wasn't that a comforting thought? Had he said something he shouldn't have, or made a gesture Rogers wasn't comfortable with...?
Of course, that meant Tony was going to have to keep his business under a very tight grip, that he was going to need to invent at least three best-seller products by next month to assure that SE wasn't going to crumble under him and the Avengers, that he was going to have to accelerate the works on the Maria Stark Foundation so that no loose ends could come and slap them back in the head, all that while being Iron Man on a full-shift basis again.
Naturally this made Tony tense inside the armor, and he found it sad that history had taught him not to like it when Captain America thanked Iron Man – mostly because it generally followed things happening that he really didn't want to talk about. Or Steve somehow managed to display his contempt for Tony Stark right after that without meaning to, but it wasn't like Steve knew, so Tony wasn't going to hold it against him – much.
“I mean, it's not like it would be difficult to get to you later on, what with literally no one caring about 'Tony Stark' and how he's doing, but since you're here...”
He still had no idea why, or how, or when. Though, at this point, “when” wasn't particularly important now that it had started – Tony would argue, here, because the when was important if you wanted to figure out what was happening, how it had happened, and how to make it stop, but Tony was a scientist, in the end, he was the one who figured things out, while Steve was the one who punched them out, most of the time.
Or, to be precise, almost all of it, from when Tony was twenty-three, to this day, almost eleven years later. But who was counting – who cared what fraction exactly of Tony's life Steve represented?
Cap and the others had managed to evade the quicksand bog created by Dormammu before the demon got himself sucked into the Evil Eye, thanks Wanda, by the way, so when they'd made their way to Thor – Don Blake – and Iron Man – yeah, yeah, Tony Stark, old news and all that, could you not stare please, and why are you looking at me like that, Steve? – they'd found them not yet back into their other identity. In other words, Tony's armor was still who knew where, and Thor wasn't back to being Thor because his hammer had disappeared too.
There was a lie – more than a simple omission – somewhere in there, and Steve couldn't quite find which part was it. China implied the Mandarin – it generally did, when Tony was mixed up in it too – but the supervillain was being handled by the chinese superteam right now, and Steve would have heard if Tony was with them. Moreover, even if he'd been badly hurt, it wouldn't have prevented him from coming to see Steve after his return.
Tony simply stared for a moment, unwilling to point out that Tony was the one saying it because Iron Man wasn't here right now – which, lie, but whatever – unwilling to comment that this statement strongly implied Iron Man still was the same person and Steve knew it, unwilling to remark that once again Steve thought he was a liar – and not about the things he actually lied about, no, about important things, about doing what he thought was right, about protecting people.
But Stark hadn't looked at him like that, even during the height of the confrontations about SHRA, even when...
Misty looked around, at the wary eyes around them, and Steve couldn't help but notice how they were eyeing her bionic arm, couldn't help but wonder if they recognized him – if they were afraid of Misty Knight and Captain America, because she might try to defend herself, and she had a right to, except they couldn't, not against her, not against him, and if they got caught in the middle, that was what it would boild down to. Because supers didn't answer to anyone, not unless they wanted to.
The obvious reason, now that he thought about it, was that Tony had taken into account about anything Steve disliked about his civilian identity, but he hadn't thought about Cap having so little faith in Iron Man.
If there was no one who could tell them when they went overboard, how could they trust themselves not to do exactly that? “We're heroes, we don't need your point of view” wasn't going to cut it.
Still, he wondered why the pitch he gave Rhodey about the armor – he wasn't forcing him to use it, damn it, just telling him to take it and have the choice ready – passed for assholish, when it'd be called inspirational if it were coming from Captain America – Steve would probably add in something about it being your duty to protect when it was within your power, basically shame-forcing you into doing it, at that.
...Which meant that, ultimately, if they had to deal with the Molecule Man the hard way, Tony would be the one to do it. Great. Not that Steve was even considering it, at that point, or that he would one day, but that was an eventuality Tony had to consider – not one he was certain he'd be able to follow through with, but that he'd have to at least try, because there was nothing moral in refusing to kill someone without acknowledging that it'd result in many more deaths and that it'd be at least partly their fault.
If he could have brought himself to believe it, that Steve wasn't perfect, he probably wouldn't have been hurting quite so much.
Listen to him, barely in this time for twelve minutes or so, and already lying to Captain America – then again, he was going to have to lie to a lot of people now, even more so than his older self probably did, because not only was he hiding that he was Iron Man, but he'd have to hide that he wasn't the old Tony Stark either, so really he was only taking a headstart at that point.
To be absolutely honest Tony might have exposed himself to a deadly gas to try and save about anyone who had an actual chance of surviving it and wasn't a total scumbag, but he had to admit he might not have been quite as desperate about it for just anyone. Not that there were so many people who'd have had a good chance of making it without the supersoldier serum, but that was not the point.
A glare, and on some points, Steve guessed he deserved it. After all, he could remember Manhattan on fire vividly, and he could hardly argue that it hadn't been, for this at least, mostly his side's fault. It had been a mistake.
Those thoughts almost came in Stark's voice, but the ghost wasn't saying anything, and this was definitely in Steve's head – then again, what wasn't? Was the ghost here, or was it a hallucination?
“So if you're sleeping with him, I hope to God it's worth it. I hope he's the amazing lay that everyone says he is. I hope he makes you brilliantly, wonderfully, ecstatically happy. Because he has you exactly where he wants you, doing exactly what he wants you to do. And if you do this for him, you're going to end up in SHIELD custody. You're going to lose everything.”
Tony opened a connection to the database through Extremis, a log, and contemplated adding his identity just to tell Steve that yes, he was in it, and then wait for Steve to go and look, despite Iron Man's express refusal.
“This one's different. I don't think it's going to go away. I don't think they're messing around this time.”
Anyway, Tony being Tony – or rather, Iron Man being Tony, there wasn't an easy way, no matter what Steve believed.
It was obvious that whoever managed to make this didn't know a thing about what they were doing, except that it would take him out – no matter the damage – or maybe they didn't care. Wasn't it humorous, uh? Apparently SHIELD itself – who? Nick? Sharon? – supplied Steve, from the man's own words. Did he know what he'd actually done to Tony – to Iron Man?
He'd have liked to say it didn't hurt. Then again, there were many things he would have liked to say didn't hurt, but life just didn't work that way.
They'd spoken, Carol and him, about her having missed him, about his funeral – he still hadn't watched the video, he didn't want to watch the video, he wouldn't watch the video. Sam had told him what it'd boiled down to, anyway, including the fact that he'd had to step up because Tony hadn't wanted to give a speech in his honor. Or something. Sam hadn't been exactly precise with the details of the ceremony, and Steve was grateful for that. He didn't want to hear about how they'd put him in the ground any more than absolutely necessary.
A second time today, Tony didn't know what to say of the fact that, again, Steve Rogers managed to think the worst of him, worse than even what Tony himself had imagined he could come up with to make sense of the situation, preferably to “Tony Stark”'s expanse.
Fury's jaw did a thing, and Steve could say he was stopping himself from saying something, but that really wasn't what mattered here.
Except while he'd been thinking about the future they could have, Clarence Ward had been murdering her as one more way to slander Iron Man and Tony Stark's names.
As a general rule, he refused to consider the fact that he somehow still ended up blaming himself whenever something went wrong, not because he thought he could have done more, but simply because even his best wasn't good enough, he should have done more – the fact that he couldn't didn't matter. Eitherway, he refused to consider it.
Tony didn't stop to think about how, perhaps, that was what the Cap-Tony Stark – lack of – relationship was missing. He had long decided not to go and try to spend time with Steve in the hope of making him see he wasn't so bad, really.
“You've become aggressive, paranoid, and angry at your teammates, since you've taken Extremis. Last time this happened, you started your armor wars and almost got killed by the government.”
He wondered if maybe Steve thought he had let Iron Man be killed. Likely, considering that Steve didn't think him concerned with his “employee”'s welfare. Then again, Steve also didn't believe one word Tony could utter, so he might as well be thinking that Iron Man wasn't, in fact, dead – it didn't matter that it would thusly mean Tony was protecting Iron Man. Who knew.
He was just... He was just going to need a moment. Just long enough to stop crying, to actually breath and not hiccup his way through survival.
Steve looked at him, slowly, and tried to reach for him – looking for what? Comfort, maybe? A comfirmation that no, he wasn't dead, through touch? Tony didn't really know, but he guessed he could indulge him, that, maybe it would be for the best if he did.
The only question was, were they going to be able to get themselves out, or not? Tony knew he could probably cannibalize his very cell into finding a way out, but that was without counting on the fact that he was dying and might not have the time to wait for the perfect opportunity or to make something useful out of completely unknown tech before cardiac arrest. The others certainly had the same kind of problems, if obviously not the exact same problems.
Steve never tried, either, he just judged Tony and decided that as a consequence, anything Tony did was wrong – but that was partly Tony's fault too, wasn't it? Because he wouldn't tell Steve why he should trust him; not that Steve would, though, even if he trusted Iron Man. In the end, all it would do was that Steve would trust Iron Man even less than he did now.
Tony didn't point out that he was the one who had gone and broken one of the bylaws to help, to save lives, so there really wasn't a need to convince him of this. He didn't point out that laws existed mostly because following rules made for better efficiency, and that better efficiency allowed the Avengers to save more lives. He didn't point out that establishing a precedent because it was necessary could lead to team members not taking any bylaw seriously anymore – after all, why would they if there never were any consequences?
But Captain America was a good man, and Steve Rogers was a good man, and the polite thing was not to mention whatever was wrong, and they shook hands, and the glint of distrust didn't disappear from Captain America's otherwise friendly face.
Whitney had left. SHIELD, an organization that he had helped on so many degrees, had been trying to manipulate him and take over SI. Cap hated Tony Stark. Bethany hated Iron Man. Tony Stark could never afford to make a mistake, because when he made a mistake, people lost their job. Iron Man could never afford to make a mistake, because when he made a mistake, people lost their life. Both of him had to keep in mind all the ways he could potentially fail at something, while remaining aware that there was always a way he might not have thought of, lest he became overconfident and got someone's life ruined, or got someone killed – and he had failed at that, hadn't he?
Misty didn't smile – but not because she didn't want to be cruel, no. Because she'd cared about Tony, and she wasn't going to smile at his death, not even to hurt Steve.
He had an idea, of course, but he still needed to ask, because maybe it was something else, maybe, hell, it was SHRA, but it was only a small part in particular that seemed so terrible to Steve, and then, then he might be able to talk about it, to get rid of it, if only Steve agreed to consider the rest of it...
It was better to be in a good mood when attending anything that could be seen as vaguely political or business-related, and meeting the Carnelian ambassador was definitely that. The day started well enough, and should almost certainly end the same way.
When he woke up from surgery, there were two SHIELD agents outside – considering how much he contributed to the agency, an agency he had created, thank you very much, blame time travel for that, he wasn't really surprised – the doctor who'd saved his life, and Don Blake and Jan. No one else.
Not even three feet from him, about at the same level – on the ground, that was why he hadn't seen, because he'd been looking up, searching for... for what, already? – there laid Stark, unmoving. Steve knew that if he looked up he'd see the smoking window further away, because...
Steve just didn't understand that this was Tony facing his past actions, the things that his weakness had allowed to happen while he was wallowing in alcohol. It was him taking responsibility for what he had allowed to be taken from him, and which could be used for evil.
Tony's eyes flickered one last time to the hallucination, that Hank didn't seem to see, which probably told him it was actually a hallucination, or at least not someone visible to anyone else than Tony.
He took a step back, swaying a little, as the idea that maybe, Steve knew, Steve knew perfectly well who was in the armor – would he accept to put him down, now? – made itself known.
Sighing behind the mask – and he really, really wondered what that sounded like, actually – Tony looked at the city too.
One day, soon, he wouldn't be able to give Steve anything close to what he needed, so he did that now that he could, for as long as he could, as much as he could afford to.
For once, it felt like the thanks were real – cautious, sure, uncertain and wary, but still, real – and not just a platitude.
And the fact that Hill looked like she was waiting for him to call her on that lie was giving him the impression he'd missed something rather important. Something enormous, even.
Steve heard a crack. Carol was grabbing onto the table, and the wood was giving way. She didn't have the shadow of a smile on her face – not even a fake one – and it was obvious she was waiting for what would come next.
Of course, there was the matter of whether or not he'd be able to tell when that particular line would be crossed. Which was another set of doubts to add on top of the others.
Except that wasn't what Steve meant, and what he meant was definitely not an acknowledgment of Tony's self-sacrificial tendencies.
“We don't need a salary, or tech, or connections! No more politics, just us. No UN. No governments. All that, we never needed it.”
Steve must have made a face, because Peter took a quick look around and took his mask off – everyone knew what he looked like, true, but his looks weren't that particular that not letting people see him over and over again wouldn't let him get by anonymously enough. It worked for Steve, after all – even if women tended to look at him, they didn't make the connection with Captain America, with “Steve Rogers”.
He could have gotten away with it had it been a minor cut or a small ecchymosis, something that could happen to anyone if they, let's say, walked into a door or something, but it wasn't the case here.
He didn't even want to try and explain the few things he could, not anymore. He was tired of always saying the same things and never being heard – because obviously Steve didn't believe him there, not even when he was saying the truth.
He forced himself to jolt back, as if in denial, as the situation sank in and he came to the conclusion that, indeed, he could get away with being injured if he passed it off as an actual attack against “Tony Stark”. It didn't even have to be anything Avengers-related, because people did threaten him on a weekly basis – at best.
Hill had said “personal circumstances” had taken Tony off the position of director of SHIELD and head of SHRA. She'd said...
Only Pepper and Happy knew that both men were only one, for now, and they had decided to leave SI – to leave him behind, because wasn't that how it always went, when people discovered that Tony wasn't actually an irresponsible asshole who didn't care about other people? – so that they wouldn't be hurt by that knowledge – read, because of him. Well, them, and Tony's former fiancée, Joanna Nivena – Joanna Finch, now, and wasn't that glorious too? And Whitney Frost, who was a villain most of the time, even if she did keep Tony's secret to herself. Probably Don Blake, too, but Tony and him were pretending they had no idea that they were each other's comrade amongst the Avengers, and he wasn't going to make it official any time soon.
Then his arm – the one he couldn't feel, not that he could feel either of his arms, but considering that one was currently supporting him, it was a bigger deal right now – gave out, his sight did too, and there wasn't anything else left.
Tony put his hand only a few milimeters away from the energy wall, palm and fingers splayed as he'd do against a wall of glass. He could feel it sizzling, hot against his skin.
Then Namor involved himself and Atlantis, and knowing the guy, it wasn't out of the goodness of his heart. But nevermind, shady associations were only shady when it wasn't Captain America who made them.
Steve looked like he wanted to strangle someone at that – possibly Tony, though he wasn't quite sure which one of him.
A blue and red woman – mutate, probably, this was the Savage Land – had come and put them all to sleep, and – and what?
Things got increasingly worse, and Tony could tell someone was engineering the whole debacle, but at first he was missing key data, and his various responsabilities, his failures, his constant sacrifices kept him from investigating more, from thinking about it clearly. Even just going on with his hectic life meant he suddenly had to drink again if he wanted to be able to do anything at all – except breaking into pieces under the weight of it all, that he could do without the help of alcohol, in fact, it was the very thing he tried to keep away with it.
They ducked into an alley, and Peter climbed up a fire escape, soon followed by Steve, in order to get out of sight if someone finaly decided to come and go after them.
Not good. Steve tended not to want to consider the less shiny sides of living in the real world – instead of an idealistic one – when he didn't have the energy to bear with it.
Eventually Tony got ride of the chestplate, though not quite in the way he'd have hoped – the whole story involved a rogue “Tony Stark” LMD, him being kept prisoner, a heart attack at an inconvenient moment, a “Stimuloid”, Kang, the Avengers saving him because they were decent human beings who didn't let people die just because it wasn't their business – and got a new, synthetic heart, and a new life expectancy to go with it.
Something had to give, or they would all be hunted and – at best – put in a dark hole for everyone to forget about them – at worst... either the country or the heroes would be utterly destroyed.
He still pushed the marshal out of the way, because that was the right thing to do, no matter the price to himself, no matter...
What if, in the end, that was what he amounted to? A man who tried to do better, but simply couldn't be better?
Tony thought of pointing out that he didn't have the ressources to bankroll the Avengers again – he was still working on the Maria Stark Foundation, on putting it back afloat, and while he could pay for a team, because even broke he still was richer than most, he couldn't assure a continuous support – but mentioning Tony Stark right now would just make Steve even more stubborn, because that was how it worked.
Problems that, apparently, were being handled right now – considering that the database hadn't simply been erased or taken down, Steve could only guess that, maybe, whoever had done this wasn't against its existence, and...
There was the time, too, when someone – he couldn't see who it was, the screen was too dark, it had probably been at night, and anyway that kind of discussion happened often enough to him that it didn't pertain to only one memory – had told him he'd have to trust someone at some point.
“I already tried once, Sam. I did, really. I tried to befriend Steve Rogers as Tony Stark, once upon a time, and I already know how that story ends. And maybe it's me, maybe I did it wrong, I don't know, maybe I'm the problem to begin with. Eitherway, I did try. I did, and it was exhausting, a failure, and not gratifying in the least. I'm not willing to try again. I'm just going to continue doing my thing, to try and be the best version of myself that I can be, even if it's not that good, even if Captain America doesn't approve, because I can't do more, and I can't afford to spend more time and energy trying to prove him wrong specifically.”
No, what Steve was talking about was finding an acceptable solution for everyone, without compromising anyone's rights or principles.
Suddenly feeling overly tired – as if he had, say, not slept in forty-three hours and a half, juggling between his duties as an Avenger, a battle against some random villains he could barely remember right now, his work on the armor, and an important meeting for SI – Tony leaned onto the doorframe, needing the literal support before finally giving it a go.
He was about to leave, but saw something on Cap's face, as if he wanted to say something, but didn't quite know how – or even what, for the matter.
As long as you were happy – which he wasn't, but that also wasn't the point – what did it matter if you didn't call yourself one thing or another? Or rather, if it mattered to you, good, but if it didn't, you had a right to be left alone.
It took him about a week from there to figure out exactly how it worked – to figure it out and to confirm his conclusions, Tony would be proud, in fact, the ghost had told him so himself, though with a sarcastic edge to his tone. He'd have asked Strange, but Strange was busy doing... things, for now. Magic things. Steve knew better than to butt in.
But as he made his way out of the mansion he almost bumped into a tall, blond, muscular man – Steve Rogers.
He was barely not falling to the ground, himself, but he kept going, because if he fell down, he'd fail, and if he failed Steve would die. They would both die. Tony had started this to save Steve's life, not to add his own to the victims count – admittedly, he might still die, but he wasn't going to let both of them die. At best they would both survive, and at worst – at worst, Tony would only accept an exchange.
“From what the newspapers were saying, Magneto got him right in the heart, but that might have been their usually melodrama. Anyway, Tony's injured, badly, and Howard Stark is insulting Magneto, which is not the way to do it when you're in a suit of metal, and Magneto's about to go on a rant about how it's Stark Senior's own fault that now his son is dying before him. Except, except, Tony's looking down at his injury, wide-eyed, blood dripping from his mouth, like he can't believe it, and, no, stopping looking at me like that, Carol, of course I'm extrapolating, the news weren't that informative, but that's not the point.”
“I, ah... We slept together that night, and you gave me your number in case I wanted... in case I wanted second servings.”
Deep breath – no time to be desperate, he was still angry at Steve for basically everything, but it didn't change the fact that the Hulkbuster argonaut was about to crush Steve's head and that was not something Tony was willing to let happen, so.
The look she gave him, then. Steve would have called it pity, perhaps mocking contempt, but he knew he was in the right, and Miss Potts – for all that she couldn't understand, because she wasn't one of them – didn't seem like someone who would support something she knew to be wrong.
Perhaps he could pretend he was Iron Man right now. The grin on his lips seemed to think so, if anything.
He wasn't sure what that said about him, that in the end, he hoped for Bucky Barnes to actually be alive, out there, being mind-controlled – at best, brainwashed at worst – for Steve's sake, when he knew exactly how cruel that would be for Barnes himself. Let alone for all the people he'd probably been set against during all those years, people who didn't necessarily deserve what had happened to them.
Instead he let his smile falter and his hand tremble for a second, then visibly withdrew on himself.
He didn't quite get what Steve was sorry about – what he knew for sure was that Steve couldn't be sorry for what he actually should be sorry for, and that the only things he could mean here were things he didn't have to be sorry for, because that was how this shit worked.
What would happen to him after this all got dealt with – assuming he wouldn't beg Nick's LMD to fry his brain in order to stop him definitely by then – wasn't that important, not compared to everything that had happened, that could still happen if it went on, not to the lives lost and the blood spilled.
It didn't matter that it hadn't been what he'd meant, because Tony was dead, and he wouldn't be if Steve had done things differently. Wasn't that the exact kind of thing Steve had blamed Tony for with Bill Foster?
He wondered, for a moment, how petty exactly it would be if he took the helmet off, right now, right here, and looked Steve in the eyes, with a fake smile and the words “interesting theory, Steve. Tell me more.”.
The problem was that being good wasn't enough, that he could have been the best and it still wouldn't have been enough.
And now Rumiko was dead, Tony was alone in Kyoto – Rhodey, Pepper and Happy had offered to accompany him, but they were needed back in the States if he wanted to take even one day off to say goodbye – there was no future ahead of them, and it was his fault, not because he was responsible for her death but because he hadn't been good enough to make sure it wouldn't happen.
Tony listened, a bit bewildered at the desperate rush in Steve's tone, but no less aware of the fact that Steve wasn't anywhere near convincing because the things he thought were going on – at least he didn't seem to think Iron Man didn't have a good reason to “obey” anymore – were so far off the mark, the promises didn't mean anything at all.
They needed the rules, not for those who didn't need them, but for those who did. Just like they needed prisons, not for the law-abiding citizens out here, but for those who weren't.
Emma Frost and himself standing outside the institute where Marianne Rodgers had been admitted after she'd lost her mind, and Emma telling him, without judgement, but as a warning that it could happen again if he wasn't careful in his choice of companions and the possiblity that they'd have unmastered psychic powers,
In the end, he had told Rhodey he'd rather have risked his own life than their friendship, and that was true. Except this hadn't been the real compromise here, and Tony hadn't told his friend that, because for some reason no one ever reacted well to being told that you'd rather risk your friendship than their lives – with the potential lives of a few others on top of it in this case, but eitherway.
Instead, he just went on and let Iron Man be Steve's friend, even as he knew that the contrary wasn't true and would never be, no matter what Cap thought on the matter – Tony, him, knew who Iron Man really was, and it was thus painfully obvious that Steve would never be Iron Man AKA Tony Stark's friend.
He wondered what Steve was thinking, on the other end of the line, as a few seconds passed before an answer came.
Steve had barely walked out of the room – barely decided that he wouldn't, once again, listen to anyone else than himself, and that his principles meant he couldn't be here for T'Challa and Ororo's wedding, which meant that Tony would have to back out of attending too, since Wakanda was “neutral”, as if Tony didn't know where exactly Steve's side got their tech, and having Iron Man but not Captain America here would not go well with that stance – and here was T'Challa, calling Iron Man by his actual name. If Tony didn't know any better – and as it was, he couldn't actually say he did know better, only that he hoped, only that he wanted to believe – he'd think this was all a ploy to let Steve overhear them, to let him know – except Steve was way too stubbornly sure of himself to not storm out like he just did... then again, he was also just about petty enough to listen in and uncover Iron Man's actual identity, if T'Challa told him what he'd intended to do beforehand.
The Avengers were good, but the Avengers weren't just anyone. They were Tony's – Iron Man's friends. The new memories of the mansion he made, with them in it, were just as precious as the old ones.
But he couldn't let those doubts keep him from acting, could he? Or else he'd never do anything again.
Once again, she didn't wait for him to finish his question. She stood up, and Steve could already see her escorting him out of her office. It seemed to happen a lot, lately.
“You, on the other hand... Aside from the fact that in House of M Tony Stark was actually a mutant who had convinced himself and the world he wasn't one, which I'm not entirely sure how to take, but eitherway, you were miserable in a world made to content us, and I have to ask: how much do you have to do, Tony, in order to feel like you deserve some peace?”
The thought that maybe Steve did order an attack – an abduction, maybe, but what would they want Happy for? – but it went too far, crossed Tony's mind, and he dismissed it. Though Steve had decided superheroes didn't have to answer to anyone except themselves, he couldn't yet be at the point where he would disregard something like that over his campaign against “oppression”.
Iron Man had cost Tony a lot, but in the end, it had always been worth it – even if sometimes it didn't feel like it right away. But now...
First, the Tony Stark imagined by Franklin Richards had been trash – or, rather, the make-belive life story made up so that they wouldn't notice they had just been reincarnated into another world had made him a freaking bastard, and that? That hurt. Tony knew Franklin Richards – not well, but he'd seen the kid a few times – and he'd have hoped the child didn't think... that, of him. Because Counter-Earth had been made-up by Franklin's subconscious, so it held to reason that whatever false history had filled in the gapes of that world had came from some part of his imagination.
Or would Steve argue that kid deserved to be free, and therefore it didn't matter when Carnage ate them for breakfast because they were in over their head?
Steve almost barred his teeth at that – and Tony was reminded of a thought he'd had, one day, that you always thought bad things only happened to others, until they happened to you and you had to deal with the consequences.
So Steve got up, and prepared himself for the arrival of the SHIELD agents and marshals who'd take him to his trial. And if things were to go more or less the same way as in his dream, well. He'd be careful, but he also knew he knew the protocol pretty well. It wasn't like he couldn't have had a realistic dream about this.
James Rhodes and Janet Van Dyne appeared from behind a pillar, cautious and ill-at-ease. Janet was eyeing Tony's armor – he didn't have the helmet on, but he was in the suit – with a sickening realization in her eyes, and Rhodes had his eyes constantly shifting from Anthony – wary of him, of course – to the screens displaying his lifestory bit by bit.
Never seeing that in some extreme circumstances, not doing what had to be done was the same as allowing the next catastrophe to happen.
It wasn't that he thought Steve had done it, because he didn't believe that – but, as everyone seemed so fond of reminding him, he could be wrong, and sometimes the people he trusted were the wrong ones to trust.
They destroyed Ultron each and every time the blasted AI made itself a new version and went on a rampage trying to kill Hank, eradicate Humanity, and the like. How was this any different?
But he'd take his chance. Not because he believed it would work, but because he knew he could be wrong and that he had to try, just in case it worked – also, it'd allow Erica and Abe to have data and maybe refine the process; even if he didn't make it, it could be useful for others. No matter what the cost of that flimsy shimmer of hope could be to his mental state for his last weeks, no matter how tired he could get when faced with each problematic results, with each obstacle to overcome.
Okay, so he'd actually seen double – triple – more than a couple of times, in between concussions and his alcoholic history, but that didn't usually involve another him walking around – or in this case, being all shifty and looking very anxious while hovering over Tony.
It probably had something to do with the fact that – unlike usual, when he could hide it under his clothes or with make-up – the deep bruise on his face had no actual explanation for a businessman who did not endanger his life every now and then – actually, it was more like every tuesday and friday, but eitherway, now and then.
He didn't force a smile upon his face, because this time at least the current events allowed him to look as grim as he was feeling, and held out a hand to shake Steve's.
For now, though, Steve was licking his lips – perhaps the ghost of a smile, but so tentative and forced that it was unrecognizable.
He looked back up at Steve, sharply, and there were so many things, so many things he could say about that one line, but he couldn't afford to antagonize Steve, not now, not ever, and none of those would cut the deal.
“I know we talked about what happened with the guardsmen, what I did... what I sent Iron Man to do. And I... know I tried to apologize, and I didn't really do a great job, but this is me trying again.”
“Here's... another story. I knew a guy, once. Used to be in love with him. He... gave me some advice, a long time ago. He taught me how to fight. And... he told me, if anyone... offers you a sucker punch, they've probably got a reason. That was after I hit him... He knocked me flat. That was after he told me... after he told me...”
Steve looked horrified, tense, and absolutely unable to punch the problem in the face, as he turned Tony around and took a good look at the chestplate – assuredly wondering about what it hid, about the damage under the metal, about how much it hurt, and that was not something Tony would tell him because they couldn't change anything about it and they didn't need more people to worry about it. It was bad enough that he'd had to tell Pepper and Steve about the problem at all.
He could hear the Red Skull babbling in the background, again – this time, talking to him, and Tony really hoped T'Challa could punch the guy out, like, right now.
Except Steve would either not believe it – not yet, he hadn't seen enough yet, even as Tony could see the actual storm brewing on the horizon, he'd barely begun to believe – or be completely affronted, which would help no one, especially as that would probably be the moment he'd bring the mythical great american nature up again and still not take it like a serious menace.
Tony sighed and tilted his head. He didn't want to ask, but well. Collecting data for future interactions trumped taking care of his feelings, which were likely to resurface painfully once he'd be out of here.
His whole body tore itself apart, the armor shaking around him – and he knew, he knew it wasn't the case, but it felt like the armor was the only thing keeping him in one piece – Extremis screaming in his mind, through his body, like a reminder of all the times he'd been dying, every single time his body had failed him, the times he did die, the times he...
Tony wondered if all these thoughts could be seen in the way he stood, right now, in front of the other Avengers.
Then, just before his eyes, she shifted back into her original form – green hair cut shorter than last time, actually.
Tony took a breath, and – now, after everything, Steve had to be able to understand, to see where this was going, if only Iron Man could show him.
When he'd called Nick and told him to put him in a cell at Fort Leavenworth, he hadn't thought it necessary because he was a threat, but because he needed to clear his name in order to be able to go back and stop whoever was actually doing the killing. Fort Leavenworth, because it was analog, and he wasn't going to give his detractors a reason to doubt that yes, he'd been jailed all along.
Because Steve believed in the world, and had the problematic tendency of refusing to help it when it failed to reach his standards – not literally, of course, because if protecting had to be done, he'd do the protecting, no matter the circumstances, but if it had to go farther than simple protecting and that didn't sit well with him, well. Sometimes Tony wondered if Steve would watch the world burn if it disappointed him too much, simply by pretending that it wasn't burning.
The cryo process worked, and Tony remembered that his father hadn't been quite that perfect either – something he'd known, but hadn't believed. That Howard Stark had had a drinking problem too – he wondered if, like Tony, it had come from too many responsibilities, too much strain on his shoulders, too many times when he hadn't been enough. Or, thinking back on Project Manhattan, maybe it had been because of the times he had been too efficient when it really hadn't been needed.
Misty gave him a look – and, yeah, he guessed, considering Tony had been the one in charge first, and Tony was a superhero, well, it was, awkward enough a point, but. The next one had been Gyrich, and they'd all seen – not Steve, he'd been busy being dead and reliving all the events of his life, but he'd seen the results – what kind of catastrophe that had been.
Steve didn't want anything to do with Tony Stark, clearly. Without really paying attention to what he was doing, Tony gestured at the corridor behind him, making it clear that he would just leave, then, and immediately followed suit.
He had a small, dry laugh as he took the whole helmet off – breathing the mortal gas in, knowing full well was he was doing.
Tony wasn't going to let this particular failure stop him – not yet. Captain America was perfect, and he didn't judge people only on first impressions. If Tony tried again, if he showed Steve that he wasn't only that first impression, Steve would give him another chance. Captain America was always fair, after all.
Tony squinted at him – self? – for the duration of the trip, but when they dematerialized from the spaceship and onto a teleportation chamber next to a big hole where mutates were being slaved into mining antarctic vibranium, he had to admit that, if anything, the skrull hadn't lied as to where they were going.
The casino had been an exercice in frustration, that was certain, but everything felt like that these days. People demanding his trust and respect, and failing to deliver back, even as they claimed to.
Strange, who was also a cripple even if he didn't like being reminded of it – who did, really? – wisely refrained himself from acting like the doctor he was and saying that forcing on his heart like Tony was doing wasn't a good idea.
Which was why Steve was now standing in Pepper Potts' office, as the woman was staring him down even from her chair, as if she couldn't quite figure out why he'd even want to be here.
Maybe he just liked the thought of someone who knew, someone who understood, to a point, even if that someone had basically stolen his mind and made an illegal copy-paste of it.
“Steve... You do realize that none of us, except Clint and the likes, and, yes, Tony too, before... None of us are really human anymore, you know that. Not by the standard you're dictating here, at least.”
Except for all the times Steve hadn't, of course. All the times he'd jumped on any assumption that made a terrible person of Tony Stark, even if by the same token it did shine poorly on Iron Man too, not even considering that, maybe, there was another explanation.
And just like that, it wasn't so hopeful anymore. Sure, Tony was happy that Steve had a message for him, but... It'd have been better, frankly, if it had been for Tony Stark.
Tony braced himself for whatever was going to be said now, half-afraid that yes, Cap was going to confirm his suspicion that there was nothing he could do as Tony Stark to get close to his already-but-didn't-know-it friend, half-hoping that at least this way he would finally know what he had been doing wrong, what he needed to correct to get a chance. If he knew what he was doing wrong, for once, he could do better from there.
After all, Captain America was a good man, and while Tony didn't consider himself a paragon of virtue he wasn't that bad either – and nothing in what he'd found about his “lost” years made him out to be an absolute bastard, even if he hadn't always been perfect. If Captain America himself didn't give him a chance, who would?
He especially didn't like the fact that Stark's death had basically validated everything SHRA denounced – it had cost a man's life, therefore it was a concern.
Tony imagined taking the helmet off, right here – that was becoming a recurring potential scenario, he had to be careful not to actually end up doing it – and asking Steve how exactly he intended to do that, how he intended to help him with his problem.
But he didn't have the time, and he didn't have the heart to try and make Steve see, to show him exactly how Steve was very intelligent, but once he had an assumption he never let go of it and to hell with any evidence that didn't corroborate his view of the world.
Anyway, Steve wasn't done. There was still the usual reproach, the one which ended every argument lately, the one Tony couldn't dispel for obvious reasons, and Steve thought voided everything else Iron Man could say.
“We're a bit ahead of schedule, actually, but since you've practically fallen into our arms, we might as well proceed. So, you're going to come with us on a walk.”
And, obviously, no prodding, and a reluctant tone that meant Steve wasn't interested in knowing more – not that Tony'd have taken him on the offer, because even if he had had a lapse in judgment, this was not about him.
The older man – in looks as well as in chronology, which wasn't something that happened often enough with Steve – turned serious again.
“And as we both know, you are not a mutant who makes himself into what he says he is, not in this reality.”
He thanked Steve at the end of the session. Mostly because he was grateful, but also because he knew Steve didn't particularly want to spend time with him, and yet had taken it upon himself to help.
Peter was the first one back, and, of course, the first thing he saw after “Oh, Cap, you're awake!” were the newspapers on the table, the pictures of Tony Stark's reports of death, and the one of Bucky at the scene, gun still in hand, caught on CCTV.
He didn't want to know how he sounded, his voice distorted by the armor, but he guessed it didn't quite matter, because as usual Steve would interpret it however he wanted.
Maybe Steve would be willing to listen, if they started with baby steps, if he managed to bring him around enough that he could not deny what was going to happen, and that principles only wouldn't be enough to save everyone, not this time.
They were shaking hands, then, and it was the end of it. It had always been the end of it, when it came to Tony Stark and Steve Rogers.
Then things happened, and Hank lost it – there was something that didn't quite add up with the whole story, but given Hank's antecedents, and the fact that Tony had no proof of any foul play aside from Hank's, he had to admit, for now, that it really seemed like Hank had done it, this time.
Steve could say he felt angry that he was forbidden to speak for himself, but also rather thankful, because he had nothing to say right now, not considering what he was here to do, not in this situation, not without undermining his own plans – standing proud of his choices, but acknowledging that it had gone too far this time.
He didn't want to do it, but well. If it was Steve doing something considered illegal, because he thought it was the right thing to do, and Iron Man was standing in his way, trying to make him change his mind, Steve would do exactly the same thing, and he would be unapologetic about it.
He sighed, and the chestplate dug into his stomach painfully. The Prometheus armor had not been designed for continued use, he'd have to look into that and make it more user-friendly.
The theories some of the women he spent his free evenings with came up with were frankly ludicrous, and it always amused Tony when they told him what they thought after the third or fourth date and they still hadn't done more than holding hands or a peck on the cheek – at the beginning of his life with the chestplate, Tony had been worried that, on top of being unable to have a sexual and romantic life, it would keep him from having casual relationships with women, but he had found out soon enough that a lot of them actually enjoyed being able to just spend some time with him, with someone who would listen to them and not particularly expect anything out of them afterwards; and the few who didn't like not being able to get into his bed, he just didn't see anymore. Some thought he was way more old-fashioned than his reputation suggested, and was looking for the right person – which wasn't entirely false, as it was, but not the actual reason for him not sleeping with them. Some had theorized that maybe he didn't like sex and just wanted female friends – what was certain was that he didn't crave sex half as much as the tabloids implied, but no – or that he just didn't like women that way but still wanted female friends – Tony certainly wasn't gay, and hadn't, in fact, ever found a man sexually attractive even if he wasn't opposed to the idea and recognized that they could be aesthetically pleasing to the eyes. And those were only the more common explanations they had come up with. He never really tried to argue any of those, and apparently it had become a game between the circle of women who had become his “platonic dates” and not minded, to try and undo the mystery of Tony Stark.
Stark was sitting there, in a chair at the far end of the hospital room – so, not that far away – and he looked...
The fact that he could almost feel Steve staring at his back with a frown of distate hidden under his cowl was something he wished he could never think about again.
Besides, Steve was a much better person than Tony, even if he wasn't perfect, so when it came to who deserved to live...
Steve blinked at this beginning of a bad joke, and turned his head back to look at Stark, who was still sitting in his chair, eyebrows raised.
Eh, Steve probably thought Tony had gotten off scott free of the latest situation. Maybe if he hadn't been too busy hating him, he'd have seen that Tony was, in fact, dealing with the consequences, that he was, in fact, trying to help where he had made mistakes, that he had, in fact, a conscience. But no, Steve was, as he had always been, unwilling to look past the appearances.
So Steve was starting to get how important this was all getting. But no, he still didn't realize it fully, and that was what was going to get them all killed, wasn't it? – because Steve couldn't fathom the very fact that it was going to get them all killed, if they didn't play nice enough, at least for now.
Tony also learned that Steve wasn't, in fact, perfect, that he could make mistakes and be goddamned stubborn, even more so when he was wrong, but it was some sort of abstract knowledge, that he knew to take into account whenever he assessed a situation, but that he didn't really believe, deep inside. Which explained why he couldn't let go – he could pretend, but denial never made anything real – of the fact that Steve Rogers and Iron Man were friends, and not Steve Rogers and Tony Stark, because Tony Stark was obviously not good enough.
There she gave him a look – the I-know-agents-and-I-know-superheroes-and-I-know-you-won't-but-you-still-should look – so Steve nodded again, dutifully.
When Steve opened the door carefully, Tony still didn't have an answer, still didn't know why he had come here, to Steve's flat. What was he expecting? What could Cap possibly do here, what could he... It wasn't even as if Steve would ever agree to put him down if it turned out that he was the one with a screw loose, that this time it was all, entirely his fault, that no one was pulling the strings, that he needed to be put down.
The president looked at him for a moment, and it was only when he stopped that Tony put the mask back into the suitcase.
But he guessed he could still try and at least push for some indulgence on Steve's side. Even if Steve didn't want to be Tony Stark's friend... Iron Man could defend himself as being a somewhat decent human being in intention at least, if not necessarily as a result. It just wouldn't do if Steve started having ideas that were wrong about who Tony Stark was, even if he didn't like him.
The original – though you had to consider Isaiah Bradley, who, in a way, was the original Captain America even though he wasn't The Captain America, and here Tony was dragging out his teenage years of curiosity about the myth of Captain America and that wasn't good, he was supposed to know the guy and even if they apparently weren't friend they did know one another and Tony had absolutely no idea how to deal with that and pretend it wasn't the first time he met one of his idols.
Of course, he wasn't going to be able to sneak the Avengers back into the good graces of the UN and all other relevant authorities without Steve noticing, but he could still at least have a friendly talk with Maria Hill – God, at least with Fury at the helm both Tony and Iron Man hadn't needed to prove they were the good guys every two minutes, he should really have ordered a gigantic protrait of himself to remind them of who had started the freaking secret organization to begin with, but, time travel, secret identities, reasons, it hadn't happened and now... – and a few other of the people in power – Ugh, Gyrich; the man had good intentions but he couldn't help fucking up every now and then. He could offer up Stark Tower for HQ, he could finance everything – again – and in a few months he'd go back to distributing salaries while his quinjets would get wrecked every now and then. By then Steve would have gleefully forgotten that they “never needed it” and would just go back to eyeing Tony Stark distrustfully because obviously he had nefarious reasons for funding the Avengers.
You could say a lot about Iron Man, about Tony Stark, about hypocrisy and double standards, but you couldn't accuse him of lying here. Besides, hypocrisy and double standards were far from being his alone.
Maybe Falcon would tell Steve, but for now it sounded more likely that the man was going to slowly realize that indeed, no one would be better off, at any point, with revealing that particular secret.
Steve rolled over in his bed, and tried to bury himself in his pillow, just in case it cut off the ghost's voice.
“Yeah, you heard it right. Sapiens Tony Stark says he's fine, he's alright, he's not injured, he's not going to die, and next thing you know, he is fine, he is alright, he isn't injured, he isn't going to die. Turns out no one knew, but he was a mutant, and no one had ever noticed, because he'd been telling everyone that he wasn't one, he'd been telling himself that he wasn't one, and apparently his mutant power was to affect himself into being exactly what he said he was.”
They ended up in a small pub where no one – not even the staff, which was a bit problematic, but right now Steve didn't care – paid them any attention.
Steve had an odd look on his face, but it's nothing negative – perhaps a bit contemplative? – so Tony left the mansion with the comforting thought that Steve seemed happy with his life, and their continued friendship was apparently part of the reason.
The ones who stood up against Captain America's misguided righteousness came with him, with the addition of Wonder Man, while Clint, Captain Marvel 2.0, Crystal, Miguel, Wanda and Starfox stayed behind. He refused Deathcry's participation, though, because – and while he understood the sentiment, he could not condemn it, not here, not for this – she wasn't motivated by the need to protect innocents from the Supreme Intelligence's next schemes, but by her anger at having been used, at having let her hands and her people's be so bloodied.
He'd just fallen asleep in his hospital room, after a glaring contest with the ghost who claimed not to be Stark – well, Steve had glared, and the ghost with a dead man's face had simply smirked at him after having claimed not to be that dead man, as if it was Steve's turn to speak and he wouldn't say a word until Steve did, which had gotten on the supersoldier's nerves and they'd ended up not saying anything for two hours, give or take.
It didn't matter that he had been ready to let it end because he couldn't bear it anymore – Steve would probably, if he cared, which he didn't, not when it was about Tony Stark, Steve would say something about life being beautiful and hope being the only thing you needed to live, and that Tony, sorry, Iron Man should want to live because of that. But as it was, Steve didn't care, and would in fact certainly agree with Tony that he had to live because he had responsibilities and no right to hand them over, no matter how much everything hurt.
Now that he took a better look at the place, it wasn't so rundown, in fact. Maybe it had been the boarded-up windows, or maybe it was just the bedroom. And...
Stark, anyway, barely gave him a look, before looking at – something else. Probably focusing on external feeds thanks to Extremis, given that he didn't seem to be looking at anything in particular, but still had that focused look of his on.
Steve was starting to understand that the best way to make the ghost stop talking – at least on a particular subject, if not entirely – was to simply not answer.
