“Pick up the phone, love,” John advised, “you know he would keep calling. Too wary of visiting yet,” he added with a smirk.
Sherlock let out a sob of relief. The wonderful, amazing, remarkable John! Sherlock swore to himself a thousandth time that he shall do absolutely anything for him! Not that he could act otherwise before.
“Mycroft… he… called… John…” added Sherlock helplessly, all withering at once. As if his entire bone structure had melted, as if his proud column was snatched. That might be hardly visible in a stranger, but not in someone you knew just as well as yourself. John did know. Every cell of him, every gesture, every angle of his head.
“And, John, we ought to think about Mrs. Hudson. She is far from young, we need to keep her safe. If Mrs. Hudson leaves Baker Street – England will fall. – Sherlock drew the last aces from his sleeve. – “You and I, we will pass a physical – I’m sure, Mycroft can send qualified experts, or take us to Baskerville, – and we’ll have to spend some time in quarantine. But we’ve been locked in here for such a long time that a few more weeks won’t change anything. And then we can suggest that Greg, Molly and Mike should get vaccinated. John, please, give it a thought. Yes, perhaps they would invent something still more efficient over time, most probably the virus would mutate as much that it would stop killing the host, but right now the risk is very high.”
“John, wait. Please, don’t tell anything yet,” Sherlock implored. “A day or two, and everything gets clear. With borders closed and all trains and flights cancelled, the secret can’t be kept. In the shortest time there would be some information from the government. Then we tell them. Not everything, certainly, but they must be the first to know,” and, reaching out to John, he added: “John, I never imagined saying it out loud, but I’m afraid. So much that I don’t know what to do, what to grab at. A hurricane is raging in my Palace, sweeping all the files from their shelves. Everything has gone awry. It doesn’t fit in with any classification of viruses. It’s something absolutely new, involving all kinds of viruses previously known. I fear, John, that we’ll never come back to our old world. Something totally new is under way, and it’s not kind to humanity.”
John attentively licked away the droplet of scarlet blood that beaded on the man's lip, before his tongue turned its attention to the seam of Sherlock's mouth.
“That it would,” John agreed and drank deeply from the glass, wincing at the bubbly feeling up his nose before he sighed, “S’nice.”
"Congratulations to you both again, we hope you have a wonderful stay!" she called after them just as the lift doors were closing.
"Hey, stop it, what are you doing?" a familiar voice suddenly cried out. Moriarty turned quickly and looked confused from Sherlock to John. "Your little guardian angel?" Sherlock hesitated. "Yep, my little guardian angel. Hi, John, you know Jimmy? "Oh, yes." And John knocked Moriarty down. "What the fuck John, calm down, Sherlock just asked for getting punched again." He paused for an artificially dramatic pause. "Jealous? Would you like to slap those cheekbones?" He literally puked out that last word, stood up and  stroked out his school uniform. Sherlock looked up at John in surprise and lost himself in his face for a moment. John did look a little confused. "Well, I'd say...all sorted?" "Of course." Moriarty, amazingly, nodded, then turned the corner. "Sherlock glanced after him. "Is everything all right?" John asked, and took a step towards him. His fingers ran gently over the injured skin and Sherlock melted away at the touch. "This looks bad." "A-a-all is well, I'm fine", he stuttered.
"Goodness John, is something wrong?" Sherlock asked with mock sincerity, his face the picture of innocence.
When they reached the rather old and tired looking lobby of the small bed and breakfast, the middle-aged woman behind the counter failed to notice them, too busy painting her nails instead.
Sherlock snorted, but his face remained serious. “Well yes, but that wasn’t what I was referring to.”
The first thing he noticed was that the person beside him was male. Although John had found he was more open to indulging in a sexual relationship with Sherlock, he didn’t think he could try with any other male. The second was that sitting beside him was the British Government himself.
a shit husband, Sherlock. Sure you can be a little bit of a clueless idiot sometimes, but when I married you, it was because I loved
John felt Sherlock stiffen beside him, just a fraction of a second of tension before he was back to his nonchalant posture. John barely had a moment to consider the change of atmosphere before he heard the announcer informing the guests that the happy couple would soon be having their first dance.
He walked around in circles for what felt like forever but was probably only five minutes, waving his mobile around in the hope of getting reception.
"Well," Sherlock began upon returning to the room, "I will take the floor John, and you may take the bed."
"There's something you need to know, John. What I'm about to say to you could cost me everything, but staying silent and allowing it to consume me seems a much worse fate" Sherlock said slowly, eyes falling to the floor.
Besides, at this point what more did he have to lose? At least he would get a posh meal that he wouldn’t be footing the bloody bill for.
He squeezed a small amount out and warmed it a little, before touching a single slicked finger to the puckered skin of his entrance. Sherlock moaned, making little appreciative noises as the doctor began rubbing it in circles. A moment later John very gently pressed just the tip of his digit inside the ring of muscle.
“Well, I...the date with Mycroft was not genuine, Sherlock. Your brother orchestrated the entire thing in the hope that it would make you jealous enough to want me. I never had any feelings for him and vice versa. I went along with it because I was so desperate to finally have you, but it was so wrong of me to toy with your emotions so selfishly.”
John looked down at him with pupils blown wide with lust as he rushed to pull his shirt over his head so that he could reclaim Sherlock's swollen lips.
John rolled his eyes and took advantage of the opportunity to rake his eyes over the taller man in a seemingly innocent manner.
If it was anything like his own it had to be getting painful by now, and that was not how he wanted Sherlock to remember this experience.
“Wow? I just rocked your world and that’s all you can say?” John grinned, laughing giddily into the side of Sherlock’s neck.
Sherlock shrugged, swimming to the edge of the lake to hang onto a rock so that he wouldn’t have to keep kicking.
In the first column was the description He hums too much followed by a mark out of ten for annoyance. John's humming was a 4.
Worried he would spook him, John remained perfectly still as Sherlock leaned forward and began dabbing paint off his face. The shirt treated John to an even stronger dose of the other man’s scent, and it took every ounce of restraint he possessed not to moan aloud as a jolt of electricity went straight to his groin.
Well, no. That wasn’t strictly true. It was both of their faults because Sherlock was happily and monogamously married to his work and John was too much of a coward to bring up the awkward topic of his newly realised feelings towards his flatmate. John had rambled embarrassingly to Greg instead, making the DI shift anxiously in his seat as the whole sordid mess came tumbling from John’s lips.
“I thought I had spotted a small cluster of Fools Cap in the distance when I was collecting wood so I went to have a closer look, but it turns out they were just regular mushrooms” he shrugged, dropping his harvest at John’s feet.
“Fill me, John” Sherlock moaned, cheeks a beautiful pink and hair a frizzy mass of curls. Sherlock’s own cock was hard and leaking across John’s belly, sticking the soft fur of John’s tummy together with precome as he rocked and moved.
"Would you please come up here? You are going to freeze your ass off down there and catch pneumonia. There is more than enough room in this ridiculous sodding bed for us both."
Sherlock rolled his eyes and pulled John up to his lips, capturing them for another slow, indulgent kiss.
“For what, coming on the trip? I’m just doing my job, Sherlock. We’re supposed to be solving the case together, remember? Someone had to stop you from ingesting something poisonous and bloody dying” he laughed, grinning at him.
Without another word, the older man shot to his feet and fled for the safety of his bedroom, the echo of his door shutting firmly the only sound in the suddenly heart breaking silence of the flat.
Mycroft’s frown at Sherlock at the bar made John take another glance before he shrugged “I don’t know what’s up with him. He’s been unusual all day.”
The devastated expression Mycroft’s face had crumpled into as he pressed it to Greg’s shoulder was one that Sherlock had never seen on his sibling. Emotions were always seen as a weakness between the pair, and Sherlock realised he had missed so much over the years.
“Don’t be so paranoid.” John grumbled, “They’ve done us a favour in finding us somewhere to sleep. Your brother wouldn’t be cruel on his wedding day.”
love heart which protruded slightly from between Sherlock’s buttocks. John gasped, looking up at his lover who was slightly blushing and hiding his face in the pillows.
When John awoke the next morning, the first thing he noticed when he rolled over in bed was the pounding of his head.
A small undecipherable flicker of emotion that John was almost certain he had imagined interrupted Sherlock’s scowl for a moment, and he finally let go of him, stepping back.
“Give me half an hour and I’ll show you how much I appreciated it” John purred, kissing him deeply and rolling Sherlock over.
When they finally arrived, John was awoken by a long finger poking him in the side, accompanied by an impatient sigh.
Sherlock whimpered, feeling his lower half pinned to the kitchen cabinet as John pushed them together in a desperate need to get closer. Sherlock’s legs felt like they were jelly and he gripped at John’s back, attempting to return the kiss in a somewhat acceptable fashion even as he panted and grasped at John’s jumper.
“What are you…” John began, only to be pushed further against the wall so his head connected roughly with the brick,
“To him, the idea that you worked so hard to see him happy with John is probably too far fetched for him to believe. He’s waiting for the catch, for the other shoe to drop. You need to show him that there isn’t one.”
John slowly backed them up against the nearest wall, feeling the exact moment Sherlock’s breathing hitched when their matching erections bumped together.
“Shut up!” Sherlock barked again, “He cannot have you. He has everything else. He has the money, and the power, he has mummy’s love and fathers pride. He cannot have you, John. I won’t allow it.”
John nodded, shifting his weight so he was laid on his side beside Sherlock on the bed, their thighs pushing together as John stroked a hand down Sherlock's stomach and chest, each circuit of his body going lower and lower, drifting down towards Sherlock's trousers.
“You. Are. Mine.” Sherlock bit out, pushing himself against John so he could press his nose into the join of John’s neck and shoulder, inhaling deeply and
Sherlock’s cheeks coloured slightly, and he set about cleaning the dirt and debris out of the graze without meeting John’s eyes. They sat in an odd silence as the detective applied antiseptic, the burn nothing more than an annoyance to John in comparison to the unforgettable bite of a bullet.
As he walked, the turns Sherlock had taken became random and more erratic, leading John to wonder several times if the other man had gotten lost at some point.
“I want you inside me…” Sherlock purred, standing up and almost headbutting John in his haste to strip. It didn’t take a moment for Sherlock to be fully naked, his erection on full display as he climbed back on the bed and lay on his front. His head was comfortable on the pillow and he widened his legs to make space for John and that’s when John saw it.
John began grinding his hips down into Sherlock’s, enjoying the long groan the younger man made against his lips as they built into a steady rhythm of sinful friction. Sherlock shifted their position so that he was lying on top of John as they rutted against each other on the slippery floor.
“Yeah?” John asked from behind the door, startling Sherlock out of his orgasm afterglow. The movement of the door handle made Sherlock spring from the bed, throwing himself against the wood and holding onto the doorknob so John couldn’t turn and open it.
Ten minutes later, John had just finished putting on a pair of lacy black vibrating pants at Sherlock's request when his phone started ringing on the nightstand.
Shaking his head, he returned back to Sherlock's side, blowing out a breath and draining half his glass. "The bathroom is a real hoot too" he informed him with a voice dripping with sarcasm.
“No!” John barked, moving a hand to cup Sherlock’s cheek, “No you did the right thing. I was a moron. I got scared because… well… I felt the same way but I was terrified. I’ve never… with a man you see...”
“May I, Sherlock?” he asked as he searched his eyes, voice so husky he almost didn’t recognize it as his own.
John squeezed a generous amount of the substance into his hand, coating his fingers and rubbing it between them to warm it.
John was much less gentle than he had been the first time. Rather than holding back as he had previously, he was thrusting into Sherlock's channel with gusto. A change which Sherlock very much approved of, if the filthy moans he made as he clamped his legs around John were anything to go by.
His fingers traced down the cleft of Sherlock’s ass, making the undone younger man shiver under him.
“I know it wasn’t, John. I worked it out before you even went on the date when you first told me of your plans with Mycroft.”
“It’s not a her…” John replied without thinking and then turned just in time to see Sherlock’s neck practically snap as he turned it rapidly, eyes wild with shock and surprise and
John gathered up his bag and went around the flat gathering all the other supplies he would use to tend to Sherlock. Thankfully he had been stealing bits and pieces from the hospital for weeks to build up a stockpile and had everything he needed.
Sherlock stopped suddenly and pulled back, as though he had just come back to himself and realized what was happening.
Bending quickly, John got on his knees and grabbed for the toy, turning it off after a few mortifying moments before throwing it back in the drawer and slamming it closed. He could feel his heartbeat in his ears through shame and embarrassment.
John cradled the taller man’s neck with a hand as their lips intertwined, wrapping Sherlock’s arms around him with the other. When he attempted to deepen the kiss,  Sherlock jumped in surprise, accidentally nipping down on John’s tongue. John yelped and pulled back, tasting blood. He pressed the back of his hand to his mouth for a moment, waiting for the pain to subside.
Sherlock turned over to face him, and suddenly they were so close that John could feel his breath on his face, see the moonlight glittering in those startling eyes of his.
Suddenly, it hit John that there was only the one bed, and his heart began thundering in his chest so loudly he was scared Sherlock could hear it.
"Sherlock?" he whispered some time later, raising his head to look at the man beneath him with heavy eyelids.
Two hours later John’s legs were aching, his shirt drenched with sweat, and the determination to kill Sherlock when he eventually found him was the only thing still spurring him on. He turned down yet another rocky path and slowly became aware of the sound of splashing water. Frowning, he quickened his pace, rounding a corner to come out into an open area. Surrounded on all sides by a distant border of trees was a large natural lake, the impossibly clear turquoise water almost shimmering in the midday sun. Birds soared overhead, and electric blue dragonflies perched on the large outcrop of rocks that dotted the shoreline. It was as though he had stepped into another world. John blinked hard several times with his mouth slightly agape, but his disbelief had less to do with the scenery, and more to do with the only other human being present. None other than Sherlock Holmes was floating on his back in the middle of the lake with his eyes closed, spread out like some sort of long-limbed, pale starfish-wearing nothing more than a pair of purple swimming trunks that clung to his skin.
Sherlock lay on the sofa miserably, his legs curled up under him and his head on a pillow on Mrs Hudson’s lap. The older woman stroked his hair softly and motherly, occasionally making soft noises when Sherlock whimpered with sadness. Mrs Hudson had heard Sherlock’s cries from downstairs and had immediately rushed up (well, as quickly as her bum hip would allow) to comfort her surrogate son as he sobbed. Mrs Hudson hadn’t seen Sherlock this upset since his last withdrawal when he spent two days cramping and crying as the toxic drugs leached from his system.
“Fine, but can you hurry up? It’s getting dark, and you picked the most complicated tent to set up in the entire camping store as it is.”
Taking the younger man’s hand, he lead them out of the bathroom, ignoring the pain building in his knees from the abuse they had just had, and lead them through the flat to his bedroom. He backed them through the doorway, stealing Sherlock’s lips in a violent kiss as his hands groped at every square inch of pale skin he could reach.
Sherlock pulled the cover from his face, and John saw the moment that his eyes lit up with excitement. The chance to possibly traumatize Mycroft with intimate details obviously making him slightly giddy.
"Oh come now John, there's no need to be so dramatic. We are mature adults, if you are not in the mood just say so."
, we wouldn't be in this situation. You only have yourself to blame, buddy" he grinned as he completed the last stitch and wrapped Sherlock's hand.
“You need to go in there and apologise to your brother. He might be older, but that doesn’t mean you shouldn’t be the bigger man. Especially considering we wouldn’t be sitting here without him.”
“I’m sorry, Sherlock” Mycroft whispered. “I was not a good brother all of the time. I was neglectful and self-centered and I didn’t think. I saw that you were able and clever, I saw that you were independent and I -- I thought that you would manage alone, but I never considered that you were a child” he admitted, his eyes dropping to the floor.
“Wha’ you doing here?” John asked, frowning dramatically and splashing a drop of his drink onto the fleshy part of his thumb which he leaned down and sucked into his mouth, “Don’ you have -- erm -- the --” he realised he had no idea what insult to use and simply muttered “Piss off.”
"Sherlock, if there were ever a time for you to actually act on the lust you feel for Dr Watson and get a good old fashioned romp with him out of your system, it would be now. We both know how badly you want to fuck him, so do it. There are far worse people to have your first experience with."
Together they moved and kissed, luxuriating in the sensations as they built into a steady rhythm. Sherlock still winced occasionally, but now he also moaned, his cock becoming harder in John’s hand as he acclimated to the feeling. Soon, Sherlock had wrapped his legs around John’s back, changing the angle for John to push inside so that he was nudging at that special spot with every thrust.
“You’ve been awfully quiet, Doctor Watson. So tell me, does Sherlock cry after sex? Did he faint the first time he saw you naked? Does he still suck his thumb like he did until he was twelve?”
He had spent what was evidently the entire day trying to come to terms with his new found realisation that he was in love with John Watson, whether he liked it or not. Deciding how to break said news to the doctor in such a way that he wouldn't pack his bags and run had proven to be an almost insurmountable task. However, all his carefully chosen words suddenly left him the second the older man stepped through the door.
Thank you so much for reading another of our co-writes! We're always open to ideas if you want to comment!
“Are you alright?” John asked, pulling back and watching as Sherlock swayed, eyes fluttering open and cheeks burning fever bright.
John needed to escape. He needed to run out of this room and curl up somewhere to die like a shameful little pigeon. He stood, brushed his knees off even though it was unlikely that they even had a speck of dust from the carpet, and then walked out of the bedroom suite and into the adjoining room.
Without hesitation, John rolled over, kissing Sherlock to pass the time as the inexperienced man fumbled with his shirt buttons. After a short struggle, it was flung to the floor. He pulled off Sherlock’s shirt so that they were skin on skin, then rushed to remove his own belt and trousers, becoming more desperate for relief with every passing second. Sherlock hesitated, reaching out to trace his fingers along the outline of the massive bulge tenting his black pants, and jumped slightly when John moaned.
Sherlock pouted and moved to sit up, head-spinning wildly which caused him to go momentarily off-balance and fall to one side. John immediately caught Sherlock, holding him in his arms to stop him from toppling off the sofa and frowning softly down at him.
The pleasure of the touches seemed to make Sherlock relax a little, his muscles unclenching so that John was able to move in tiny increments, barely rocking back and forth but still allowing Sherlock to recover from the stretch. The hot heat of him wrapped around John’s bare cock was making his head spin and John let his forehead fall down to rest on Sherlock’s clavicle, breathing heavily as he rolled and rocked his hips.
There was nothing left of the world but the two of them, and John had forgotten how to breathe suddenly, the air around them sizzling.
“Welcome to the family, Mycroft!” Katie laughed, blowing a kiss at Mycroft who blushed and nodded his head, which sent Greg into giggles as he blew a kiss to his daughter and then kissed his husband.
Closing his eyes, he braced his free hand against the wall as he wrapped his hand around himself, and began to slowly stroke himself.
The consulting detective had begrudgingly shuffled along behind John with a toddler-like scowl as he flitted between stores, loading up their trolley with so many expensive items Sherlock was sure they'd be forced to live off instant noodles for a month.
It took longer than John would like to admit before he was able to pull himself off the bed, dress in his comfy pyjama bottoms and robe before heading downstairs to use the loo. He brushed his teeth and then joined Sherlock in the kitchen, where the younger man was sitting fiddling with his microscope, a half drunk cup of tea and a plate of toast crumbs by his arm.
“Shut up!” Sherlock barked again, “He cannot have you. He has everything else. He has the money, and the power, he has mummy’s love and fathers pride. He cannot have you, John. I won’t allow it.”
When Sherlock pouted down at him, the older man laughed, and without any warning wrapped his mouth around him properly. Sherlock audibly gasped, desperately canting his hips towards the source of wet heat. John took him in as far as his gag reflex would allow, which was much less than what he would have liked, and began to lick and suck as his head bobbed up and down on the impressive organ. He grasped at his bony hips as they bucked, trying to slow them a little so that Sherlock didn’t make him choke.
“Case?” John mouthed, watching as Sherlock shook his head and answered “Brother dear, to what do I  owe the pleasure?”
“I haven’t moved!” Sherlock said with a shrill tone to his voice, “I was looking over there and then you were being annoying and I got all --” he gestured weakly at himself.
“Piss off.” Mycroft snarled, interrupted by a sudden knock at the door on the end of the phone. Sherlock hid a grin behind his hand as he heard Lestrade answer it and gasp loudly.
Sherlock was just about to shout for John to bring in some biscuits when his mobile phone began to vibrate loudly on the bedside table. Lifting up a pair of pants which were covering it, thrown in the heat of passion, Sherlock smirked as he saw Mycroft’s name on the caller ID and he answered with a dramatic swipe of his finger, putting the call onto speaker as John walked into the room with a soft frown between his eyes.
“More...” Sherlock whispered, hands coming to cup John's face and stroke his nose and cheeks, seemingly obsessed with mapping out the shape of him.
"Did you say something, darling?" John challenged, and Sherlock's eyes flitted to the gold wedding band that clinked as the doctor rapped his fingers against the armrest.
Slowly he lowered himself onto the end of his bed and forced himself to take a series of deep breaths until he could think clearly over the thumping of his racing heart.
John nudged Sherlock’s post coital body with his toe and sighed, “You know you can’t stay here all night.”
“Jesus, Sherlock. What on earth are you doing?” John wheezed, unable to hold back his laughter at the sight of the man before him. Every inch of him was splattered in paint, from his ankles to the dark curls that now hung limp against his pale skin.
“I think your brother has actually done us a favour,” John said as he took a sip of his red wine, the flavours bursting on his tongue as he swallowed, “He made us get our fingers out of our arse and actually talk about what was going on between us. About how we felt. He might have been a cock about it, but at least it helped.”
"Sherlock, would you please just talk to me, and tell me what the bloody hell is going on? You're starting to scare me!" he implored, rubbing his temples.
“If you tell anyone I hugged you. I’ll murder you in your sleep” Sherlock whispered, making Mycroft laugh.
Very slowly, Sherlock's large hand slid into his hair, and he began to comb through it as he worked to remove them. The detective touching him in such a way felt almost intimate, and the doctor found himself fighting the little tiny moans of pleasure that threatened to escape his lips. At such close proximity, the detective smelled of the earthy scent of the forest and smoke, mixed with something else John couldn't name, and it was almost impossible to ignore.
,” Sherlock muttered again, putting down his glass and simply drinking directly from the bottle, “Remember? Of course, his hotel comes with free sex aids.”
John reached for an old shirt on the end of the bed and began mopping up the sticky mess. When he was done Sherlock was staring up at him with wonder, reaching out to run his fingers down the older man’s cheek.
For a moment he was too startled to move his own, to overcome by the bolt of lightning that zipped right through his very core at the touch.
“You can fuck me…” Sherlock whispered, leaning to bite and nibble at John’s earlobe, “I want you to… I want to know how it feels.”
Taking one of Sherlock’s hands in his own and entwining their fingers, John smiled reassuringly at the detective who was looking down, eyes blown massively in desire and his position giving him a ridiculous amount of chins which made him look both silly and adorable.
Gasping loudly, Sherlock nodded, eyes wide and glassy as he gulped and moaned, grabbing for John’s back and letting his nails dig in and slide down as he chased his climax. John couldn’t help it, he needed to kiss Sherlock with every atom of his being. He needed to swallow the orgasmic sounds and keep them safe within him.
"Thank you, John" he replied, and the doctor could see just well enough in the darkness to witness a small grateful smile ghost across Sherlock's lips.
John hissed, letting his hips rock back and forth into Sherlock’s larger, masculine hand. It felt strange, definitely much different to being with a woman as Sherlock’s science callused fingers shakily rubbed and caressed with an innocence that showed his inexperience.
Sherlock's hands found John's short hair, a moan slipping past his lips as he began grinding his hips up into the older man, who shuddered above him.
Before he could chicken out and stop himself, he went with his instinct and took off his shirt, purposely keeping eye contact with Sherlock as he casually undid it one button at a time.
“How is this ever going to work between him and I, if we can’t even sit in the same room as each other, Gregory? We’ve wasted our entire lives spitting venom at each other, and I’m so
John chuckled, and guided their entwined hands to the top of the last piece of clothing standing between them and total, delicious nakedness. Keeping his eyes locked on Sherlock’s, together they freed the detective’s own hard prick from its confinement. John licked his lips subconsciously as he took in the size of him, which was impressive and definitely exceeded his wildest dreams.
“A’bit…” John confessed with half of a shrug, wondering why his cock had swelled slightly against his thigh. He was still wearing his pants, but it wasn’t doing much to hide the protrusion which he tried to cover with bubbles.
Mycroft snarled at Sherlock like a rabid beast, and Greg just groaned, putting his face in his hands.
Peering back at Rosie to make sure she was still sound asleep, John began to enthusiastically match Sherlock's movements, before suddenly pausing a few moments later.
John wondered if he might push for a little more NHS funding if he flirted well enough before he shook the images from his head and groaned with disgust.
He collapsed against Sherlock’s heaving chest when the world came back into focus, covering his own in Sherlock’s come as he did so, and they remained like that for a long moment, catching their breath as John slowly softened inside him.
Both sets of eyes looked up as they heard John enter the room. Sherlock’s red rimmed eyes watering immediately upon seeing his friend and Mrs Hudson’s looking reproachfully across at her tenant.
He slid back up the bed and reached across Sherlock to rummage through his bedside drawer, making a triumphant noise when he successfully located a half-opened bottle of lube.
John raised a curious brow but didn’t push the issue. There would be plenty of time to get the sordid little details out of him later.
“Keep up, John. Now, my brother is never going to just admit to having an interest in you, so we are going to have to motivate him by playing to his extremely jealous nature.”
The older Holmes brother let go of Lestrade and turned slowly, and their eyes met. An intense silence lingered between them in the small room, the pain etched in Mycroft’s face mirrored by Sherlock’s.
Snickering, John lowered himself down onto his knees, taking the detective’s throbbing cock in hand once again and giving it a few lazy strokes. His eyes never leaving Sherlock’s, John slowly kissed a trail downwards from his pale belly, licking at each spot with an open mouth as he went. When he reached his target he smiled, bowing his head to take a single teasing lick at the precome beading at the slit before sitting back to grin at his victim.
“Christ” John moaned,  “If you want this to last longer than the next twelve seconds you really should let go of me and stop looking so bloody gorgeous.”
He stopped by the side of his bed and faced away so that Sherlock could strip and change into some comfortable pyjamas, resisting the urge to peek and get a nice view of a fully naked detective. When he’s done dressing, John waited for him to climb onto the bed before joining him, letting himself lie atop him. Sherlock reached up for John’s lips and he eagerly obliged, his fingers stroking through his dark hair as they fervently devoured each other. Their matching erections began to make contact as they kissed, and Sherlock gasped, whining in arousal at the friction every time they touched.
He rose on shaky legs and made for the small bathroom, returning a moment later with a small towel to clean them both off.
They took matching swigs from overflowing glasses of what John guessed to be bourbon of some description, and then he leapt to his feet.
Without saying a word, John scooted slightly closer to him and began using the clean side to slowly wipe as much paint as he could from Sherlock’s angular face.
and then coaxing Sherlock to give him a suggestion as to a new cologne. Sherlock had narrowed his eyes, glared and then done a quick google search to seemingly find the most ridiculously overpriced brand that John wouldn’t have been able to afford even if he sold his organs on the black market. The tension didn’t seem to lessen as Saturday rolled around, and John was a ball of nervous energy, annoying Sherlock by fussing in the kitchen to give himself something to do whilst waiting for his date.
husband!" Sherlock finally yelled, breathing heavily as he eyed the shocked man knelt before him, mouth agape at the abrupt confession.
Very slowly he lifted his arm and curled it around Sherlock's middle, able to feel the exact moment Sherlock's breathing quickened at the contact.
Hesitantly he pulled down his trousers and pants, watching with fascination as his achingly hard cock sprang up to hit his belly, a bead of precome already glistening at the slit.
“I sprung it upon you. I’m sorry.” Sherlock replied, hands tangling into the bottom of John’s jumper in an attempt to pull him back towards him, “I shouldn’t have said it like that.”
He slowly turned to stare at Sherlock, who simply shrugged and ran a hand through his dark curls. John could tell he was just as shocked but was doing a far more convincing job than he was of appearing composed.
“Congratulations, brother. You make a wonderful couple” Sherlock finally added, reaching across to pat his brother on the arm.
With tears brimming in his eyes, Mycroft held out his hand for him to slide the ring onto his finger. The ring that John knew for a fact was expensive enough to feed a third world country.
“Am I going too fast?” John nervously probed, feeling that his heart might explode if Sherlock said yes.
His whole life he had felt as though he was not quite whole, as though a piece of him was missing that he could not name.
He hadn’t done this for too long. It was just hormones. It wasn’t John, it was simply his traitorous body rebelling over the lack of sexual release it had received and John was the nearest male shaped body.
“Can I… Do you mind if we have a word, Mrs Hudson?” John asked nervously, hands clenching at his sides.
Bringing it to a close is bittersweet, with this being our baby for the last 3 or 4 weeks, but all good things must come to an end.
Given Sherlock’s lack of experience-at least to John’s knowledge- the other man showed no hesitation. They kept the kiss gentle and sweet at first, getting to know the feel of one another in a series of slow caresses. John slid a paint-slick hand up the other man’s chest and used his surprised gasp to slip his tongue into the detective’s mouth.
"You are the light of my life, do you know that?" John whispered fiercely, reaching out to brush a stray curl out of Sherlock's breathtaking eyes.
“You’re such a weirdo” John snorted and then gave a rapid happy knock against the wood, “Night Sherlock. Sweet dreams!”
"There is a whole bar stocked with a considerable amount of high priced alcoholic beverages in the living room, all of which would be sent straight to Mycroft's bill should they be consumed."
“It’s not important…” Sherlock insisted as he tried once more to try and push his face into John’s neck, but the doctor was wise to Sherlock’s methods now and moved, stopping the kissing attack before it could start. Instead, John cupped Sherlock’s cheeks with his hands and simply held it until he felt Sherlock’s entire posture go lax and heard the soft, defeated sigh.
“As usual John, you see but you do not observe. If you look to your left, you will find my bag under a tree, which has your swimming shorts on top of it.”
"There's something you need to know, John. What I'm about to say to you could cost me everything, but staying silent and allowing it to consume me seems a much worse fate" he said slowly, eyes falling to the floor.
“No! No, everything is fine! I thought… I thought I saw a spider!” Sherlock explained, frowning at his inability to lie under pressure.
John almost choked on his next drink and put the bottle down, eyes narrowing with suspicion, “You’ve never seemed bothered by sex! Or had anybody over… Never had sex in the flat!”
"Well I...an important matter arose that required my full attention." His voice was small, wavering under the weight of fear and uncertainty.
“We managed to sort out accommodation for you both.” Mycroft said after a moment, “As you know, Gregory and I are going directly to Paris after the reception and as such there were rooms available after a quick shuffle around. We managed to procure you rooms.”
His mouth opened and closed a few times when he locked eyes with John, but words refused to escape his lips.
He lined the head of his cock up with Sherlock’s entrance, and slowly pushed the tip inside, groaning at the glorious heat.
His once bulletproof armor of overconfidence and self-assuredness was gone, revealing a whole other side to the man. He laughed unguardedly as they chatted, his posture relaxed, mouth curved into a happy smile.
“It’s because I’m fucking brilliant,” John whispered after a moment, setting both men off in a deep, rich giggle.
He wobbled out of the hot tub to call room service, and twenty minutes later they were tucking into two giant and very expensive lobsters as they sat in the bubbling water, wearing matching lobster bibs and not much else.
John laughed and smiled sweetly, feeling relieved it wasn't something he had done as he ran a hand up Sherlock's trembling arm.
The other man’s hesitation was gone in seconds, lips moving tenderly with John’s in a manner that could only be described as both inquisitive and cautious all at the same time.
Sherlock sighed, snatching up the glasses of bubbly liquid and passing one to John as he joined him on the end of the oversized bed. "I suppose it would be a shame to let good alcohol go to waste." the younger man muttered and took a long sip.
"So good at interfering with our sex life already, and she's only seven months old" John groaned, slumping against him.
Flipping open the bottle of lube, he squeezed some out and coated his fingers in it, rubbing them together to warm it before gently tracing a finger around Sherlock’s puckered entrance. He massaged it in slow circles, then while keeping an eye on the other man the whole time to watch for any sign of panic or discomfort, he carefully pressed against it until his finger slipped inside.
John gulped. "Oh" and Sherlock broke. He clung to John's hand and sobbed. The latter hesitated briefly. Then he pulled his friend into a very wet hug. Water sloshed over the edge of the bathtub. Sherlock buried his face in the crook of John's neck and he felt every single tear. "She told you so," he muttered into Sherlock's hair. "You're not a sociopath. Here's the proof." He smiled.Something like a tortured laugh echoed through the bathroom. "Of course she was right."
Jim was different. Just like him. Except Jim was popular. Very handsome. Very charismatic. Very funny and athletic. He was captain of the rugby team. And so far away from everything that Sherlock was.
Jim, it shot through his head. He peered at the display. The call had not come from Jim. It was John who spammed him with messages after Sherlock didn't take his call.
"What no! What, are you crazy?!" Sherlock shook his head in a hurry. "I'm never going to sleep again!"
For a long time they just stood there. The hug was strange, Sherlock was much too big and had to bend down far to cling to John.
Sherlock let go in a hurry and took a step back. "What is it?" John asked, looking at him worried. "Nothing... it's just, er, the average hug lasts about nine seconds. And this one was...longer." John raised one eyebrow. "Okay?" Sherlock scratched his head, looked down, at the floor, the window, then the door. "Ah, Mycroft, good to see you, John was just leaving!" He pushed the smaller one down the hallway to the front door. "Sherlock...?" he protested.
It was Saturday, windy and cold outside.Sherlock stared at the ceiling, nothing but a sheet on. He was shaking, but he was too comfortable to get up and turn the heating up. The doorbell rang.
Sherlock couldn't, because his body obeyed him only after a great delay. Instead, he took out his mobile phone from his pocket (he had changed by now) and wrote a message to Mycroft saying something like this: Delete the fucking online newspaper or I'll kill myself.
"What do you mean?" asked Sherlock. The smile hurt, the designated muscles in his face weren't used much. John giggled. "You're dripping," he remarked, pointing to the small puddle under Sherlock's chair. "Oh, really?" he asked sarcastically.
The bag slid off Sherlock's shoulder and landed in the dirt beside the completely sodden block. Wind turned the pages until Sherlock's name was soaked in multiples.
Yup. Sherlock Holmes really liked Jim Moriarty. Of all people. The guy who insulted him day in, day out, beat him, laughed at him. In a frightening way, Sherlock actually found that quite attractive. Him on the floor. Jim's face so close to his, the soft voice at his ear. Sherlock was strangely not uncomfortable when that happened. He kinda liked it.
There were many people on the school grounds. Proud parents, bored siblings, excited cheerleaders in short costumes and in the middle of it all was Sherlock.
"I care what Jim thinks of me." "Even after what he did yesterday? This guy hates you. He's cruel, he's creepy, he's an asshole. Why don't you fight back?"
He knelt down before him. "Hey, Sherlock, for fuck's sake, what have they done to you?" Sherlock tried to open his eyes, but when everything he saw became blurred, he closed them again. Normally he wouldn't have lain around for so long, but today he just felt small and worthless. Besides, it hurt more than usual. At least one rib had to be broken. He was having a hard time breathing. "That's enough, I'm calling an ambulance. And the police. Jim has to face the consequences for something like this!" said John all of a sudden. Sherlock opened his eyes. "No!" he gasped. "I'm all right!"
John was sitting on a green-strewn park bench, staring into space. Sherlock swallowed, not knowing what to say. Finally, he carefully settled down beside him.
Shit, thought Sherlock. What if John had already seen it? What if JIM had seen it? He whimpered at the idea.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. "Are you serious? I've got to change schools, I can't stay here. I have to move because the whole town thinks I'm ridiculous!"
John jumped up and Sherlock hastily clawed at his sleeve to hold him back. By now it had started pouring down and they were both soaked from top to bottom. Rain dripped from the tip of John's nose, mixed with single tears.
Sherlock went to the rugby match. He felt uncomfortable, but at least he had a good view of Jim's ass in tight shorts.
"Coffee?" asked John and lifted a thermos. Sherlock stepped aside without a word and let him enter. John smiled. Back in the living room he sat down slowly on an armchair and looked around. "Is that a real skull?" he asked, sounding a little worried. "Friend of the family... Well, Mum says friend." John nodded and raised an eyebrow. Redbeard ran excitedly into the room and immediately fixed on John. He let the friendly face shower go over him as he gently pushed the setter away. "You have a dog?" Sherlock nodded. " Apparently. " John scratched Redbeard behind the ears. "Can I stay here all day? My... " "Dad drank after the match yesterday, and he's hung over and aggressive. " Sherlock nodded. "Yes, you can." John rolled his eyes. "Thanks."
Sherlock was lying on the sofa, hands steepled together under his chin, as John was re-reading an old detective story. Sherlock was nervous. He knew he was right, but still could not calculate John’s reaction. Ok, let’s roll the dice.
“John…” Sherlock began, biting his lip and looking John right in the eye. “John, maybe we should leave? What if I’m wrong? What if both of us are wrong? Or… should we dispatch Mrs. H?”
Having analyzed both situations, deconstructed and reassembled them like a puzzle, he concluded that neither of them would sit idly by while the other were taking the immense risk. Together or no way. Sherlock knew one thing for sure: he would have gone mad indeed if something went wrong with John. He would never leave him, God, no, but to the same extent he could not watch his beloved gone crippled. John either, probably, could not live on in such a state.
Absorbed in those musings, John only made it to the kitchen, even put the cup and the saucer into the sink. No time for putting the kettle on, though. The spoon jingled; a rustling sound and a quiet moan came from the sitting room. John focused, alarmed, made a violent twist on his heels, nearly losing his slippers, his bathrobe flung open, his arms automatically pressed to his sides, his fists clenching.
“Alright, John,” stated Sherlock reluctantly. “I’ll be helping from here in 221B. Will ask Mycroft to send me daily reports. Now it’s high time to learn some virology.”
Simultaneously, John was examining Sherlock’s face in the very same manner. He pointed out that his eyes had gone icy grey pallid, — thanks God, the dot in the right one, of which he was especially fond, remained just as vivid. Between the sable eyebrows, right over the bridge of his nose, there appeared a new little crease that wasn’t there before. John’s lips ached to touch it, to caress it with his tongue, to console. As his glance slid over Sherlock’s cheekbones, it followed down to the sweet full lower lip and to the marvelous curve of the upper one. Oh, did he miss them!
John watched him in a stupor, mouth open. In what sense, “ended”? How? Here is the world, still around. Here we are — living, breathing. What the hell?
The pitch of conversation was boiling higher and higher. Both were wound up and on edge. Both were shocked, only in different ways: while Sherlock was bursting to investigate, John strived to protect the people he loved, namely, his newly owned curly disaster and the elderly Mrs. Hudson. Harry! Greg! Molly! Goodness, what awaits them! Need to secure them as much as possible!
Mycroft was diligent in forwarding reports on the results of the new virus examination carried on at Baskerville labs. He didn’t even try to bargain something out of Sherlock in exchange for his request. Both understood it was time to spare boyish bickering for better times… should those come. The brothers kept the faith. After all, they were the two most brilliant minds of Britain, who dedicated all their efforts and resources to averting the impending catastrophe.
Sherlock turned around, looking towards the kitchen, where John appeared. All his look was an epitome of confusion, with a strange expression of some childish bitterness on his face. And goodness, pale it was. To be exact, even though Sherlock could not really boast any tan before, his marble skin was now devoid of warmer hues, and turned greyish.
“Sherlock… press your palm to the screen, please, and look into the camera. At least this way, I want to imagine that you are here…”
Without even getting the phone out of his pocket, Sherlock pressed Decline and returned to the melody. But the Big Brother proved persistent. The phone struggled to draw its owner’s attention to the caller. By the restraint in Sherlock’s shoulders one could see that the call was still going on. Mycroft was patiently listening to the beeps. Now the wings of the shoulder blades slid apart a bit: call interrupted. Then the back stiffened again – Mycroft the bore.
Laid out on his bed like a sex worker in a Victorian Molly house, Sherlock grinned as he let his leg bounce slightly off the edge of the bed. The cover was barely covering his crotch, wrapped haphazardly by John when he had covered Sherlock as he left to go to the bathroom. Sweat slicked Sherlock’s bruise covered and sex bitten skin, the bottoms of his hair were soaked against the pillow as Sherlock raised one arm above his head whilst the other held a cigarette loosely, occasionally bringing it up for a long drag and then exhaling towards the window. John didn’t like it - hated when Sherlock did this - but they had agreed and swore that Sherlock would only ever smoke after very good sex.
He demonstrated with his free hand that the detective could set John’s pace this way, and he caught on quickly, using a fistful of the doctor’s hair to encourage him into a fast rhythm. Only a few short moments passed before Sherlock’s grip suddenly tightened painfully against John’s scalp. John immediately stilled.
, you really are beautiful from head to toe, aren’t you Sherlock?” he whispered, voice full of awe as he stared at the man.
"They are wishing the happy couple a romantic stay in their premium honeymoon suite, and a long and happy life together."
“I thought I had fucked everything up. I thought you were going to leave me and stop speaking with me. It was horrible” Sherlock whined.
The noises Sherlock made were incredible. John was slightly worried he was going to come in his pants just from the soft, bitten off moans that Sherlock was breathing into his mouth.
He reached for Sherlock's lips again, sliding a hand down the length of Sherlock's body until it settled over the bulge in his pants.
John watched as Sherlock’s mouth tightened, but he stayed silent. The air grew tense around them as John drank his coffee silently.
Sherlock raised a hand and smoothed it along John's cheek, tracing a line down to just short of his lips.
John stared at the silver object protruding from his pale hand for a moment in disbelief, unable to comprehend what he was seeing. After a moment he snapped out of it, and went straight into doctor mode, immediately setting about tearing the expensive cloth napkins into makeshift bandages that he wrapped around Sherlock’s injury.
“So my brother decided to play matchmaker because he was bored, and now I am indebted to him for the rest of eternity? Seems fair.”
It didn’t taste bad exactly, it was more the fullness of John’s mouth and the pressure against his tongue as he felt the weight against himself. He tried to create suction but coughed when a hint of the precome slipped down his throat. Attempting to be more careful he started a slower rhythm, attempting to focus on the head whilst his hand began a slow up and down motion to tease Sherlock.
John raised a suspicious brow at him, but let it go as they were shown to their table. Sherlock waited until a waiter came to take their orders before he felt for the on button of the remote still concealed in his pocket.
The kiss went from sweet to sensual and desperate in moments, John's hands coming up to slide under Sherlock's shirt and settle on his ribs as they gasped into each other's greedy mouths.
John snorted with laughter and then covered his mouth, both himself and Sherlock trying very hard not to laugh.
A movement to his left caught John off guard and before he could defend himself he was pushed against the wall. For a split second, John thought that it was an intruder, someone from one of their cases who had come for revenge on Sherlock, and the thought spiked panic through his stomach as he attempted to break the hold that he was in. He turned his head, clenched his fists and was met with Sherlock looking angrier and more broken than he had ever seen outside of one of Sherlock’s drug binges.
John laughed and they settled into a fast rhythm, Sherlock arching up to meet him thrust for thrust.
There was a series of loud scuffling sounds followed by a hissed curse from the other side before a very colourful detective was finally revealed.
“It’s -- feeling better.” Sherlock confessed, biting his bottom lip “Still feels like I’m being impaled but -- it’s not as intense.”
When Sherlock’s moans started to become more desperate, John slid off him with a filthy sounding pop, not wanting things to be over before they’d begun. Plus, if he was honest, his jaw was already starting to ache and he wasn’t sure how attractive Sherlock would find him after a bout of lockjaw.
“Fuck…” John moaned, knowing that this was a silly idea - there were still a lot of issues that could be caused by unprotected anal sex, plus the cleaning element was always easier - but he found that he couldn’t manage to care. He wanted to explore that area of sexual activity with someone who he loved and trusted unequivocally, “Okay… Yeah… Let’s do it.”
Deciding desperate times called for desperate measures, John got up from the bed slowly and seductively, giving Sherlock a good look at his naked form as he crossed the room, pausing to look at Sherlock over his shoulder exaggeratedly as he sashayed towards the bathroom.
John closed his mouth around it and began to bob up and down, the detective’s hips flying off the bed.
The bathroom was perhaps even more incredible than the bedroom was. There was a toilet, sink and bidet but what caught John’s attention was the huge hot top bath which proudly sat in front of the huge, tinted mirrors so that the users could look out over the large estate as they relaxed. The tint also showed John’s reflection, and the doctor assumed that was for amorous couples who may want to watch themselves as they enjoyed the bubbles.
, we don’t have a lot of time here!” John laughed, reaching down to give himself a few self indulgent strokes.
“I haven’t said anything yet,” John grumbled, standing on the other side of Sherlock so the slight breeze would blow the smoke in his opposite direction.
“And I love you too” John laughed, the smile immediately falling from his face as Sherlock began to sob once again, “I… Wait, what are you telling me here?”
"Likely a computer error or something I suspect" Sherlock shrugged, running a  hand through his hair as the doors dinged open.
“Do you want to become a couple with my brother, or not? Because I can walk out of here with no hint of trouble.” Mycroft sneered, wincing at the shrill laugh of a woman behind them.
When he came back down to earth he smiled and flopped down atop Sherlock, spent and sated. When breath returned to his lungs he kissed him, long and slow.
. I just want him to love me as much as I love him, to be as happy for us as I am for him and John!” Mycroft exclaimed, hand fisted in his partner’s shirt.
Deciding that going first might make Sherlock feel a little more comfortable, John guided Sherlock’s hand to the top of his pants and covered it with his own. Very slowly, he pulled them down and off, his flushed cock springing free. He heard Sherlock gulp and release a breathy laugh simultaneously as he eyed it.
The lies left a bitter taste in John’s mouth as they tumbled from his lips. But if Sherlock really did care for him as much as Mycroft claimed, they would sting even more to hear, and he
John snorted a laugh and then nudged Sherlock gently, “Come on now, that’s only right. Her first child is getting married! It’s hardly like you were going to suddenly change pace and decide you’re in love.”
“You alright? I got a little carried away, sorry.” John asked with concern when they drew back for air, transitioning into doctor mode. Sherlock nodded quickly when he realized he was waiting for an answer.
Suddenly everything in Sherlock’s body went cold. His heart seemed to stop beating and he didn’t breathe until his lungs began to burn.
On Sherlock’s shaky intake of breath, John pushed his tip inside, crying out in unison with the younger man at the sensation before pausing to let him adjust to the intrusion. The doctor waited for his lover’s white-knuckled grip on his hands to loosen before he began to slowly slide in further inch by painstaking inch, stroking his slightly flagging cock to distract him from the burn.
His cheeks reddened, and he busied himself with trying to comb his wet silver-blonde hair back into place with his fingers. His hand fell back to its resting place against the rug, accidentally brushing against Sherlock’s own fingertips, and he pulled it away as if stung. A long silence followed, broken only by the sound of rain pummeling the roof of their dwelling. John could have sworn he saw the detective’s gaze subtly sweep over him out of the corner of his eye several times as he stared into the flames, but he couldn’t be sure.
A bolt of heat went straight to John’s groin at the idea, a soft moan escaping him. “Of course you can, Sherlock. Anything you want.”
As he sat beside him and began to clean away their sticky mess, his hand stilled mid wipe, knowing he couldn’t put it off any longer.
"What did that arse say to you, Sherlock?" he whispered, softly pressing his palm over the younger man's thundering heart.
Suddenly, he was all too aware of how close they were standing to each other in the intimately lit room, so close he could smell the musky cologne Sherlock was wearing.
Sherlock seemed carefree as usual, but John didn't want to accept that his best friend was seemingly not interested in his mother's life. "What if she dies?" he asked one day. "People do that." Sherlock said with a shrug. John shook his head angrily. He complained to Molly, who advised him to let it be. Once John unconsciously agreed to an escape room game with Eurus. After two miserable hours, Sherlock came and freed him, not without slapping his sister with a cuff afterwards. And every day John got lost in Sherlock's eyes again. Every night he despaired inside, knowing that his feelings would not be returned. Sherlock didn't love people. He thought sentiment was a chemical defect. One day he picked Sherlock up from school, where he received him covered in blood and limping. "What's happened to you?" John asked in shock, although he could already have guessed. "Moriarty, that moron..." hissed Sherlock. "He goes to your school?" He didn't know that. "Oh, dear, poor you. Is there anything I can do to help?" Sherlock rolled his beautiful eyes. "No, leave me alone." He left John standing outside the school gates. He didn't hear from Sherlock for the next few days. No messages. No phone calls. No visits at 3am because he was bored. No-one would open the front door for him when he rang the Holmes' bell. "Sherlock?" he shouted, looking up at the bedroom window. The lights were on, the windowpanes weren't too thick, but he still didn't answer.
One night, John couldn't take it any more. He needed to see Sherlock. He couldn't bear the silence in his life.
“ John Watson, lifeguard. You find your job extremely boring, but you still go there again and again.  I assume, you need the money. So, poor conditions. Besides, you want- ”Sherlock frowned. "To become something? Doctor? This is where lifeguard training can be useful. Your father is in the Army. You don't seem to miss him very much, otherwise you wouldn't have just left the watch you got from him on the beach. Your mother wants a divorce, but she can't afford it, and, oh, your brother outet himself recently, right? ”
Sherlock cleared his throat, and took a moment to steady his breathing and bring his heart rate down to a more manageable level before he spoke.
The shirt finally fell from Sherlock's body, and John hummed appreciatively at the sight, stealing another bruising kiss from his swollen lips as he made quick work of removing his own so that they were skin on skin from the waist up.
“Alright, I’ll get the tent done if you want to gather some kindling and get started on the fire” John instructed him, giving him detailed instructions as to what he was looking for.
Sherlock was too far away to hear the conversation, but the way John's posture slumped and his eyes rolled as he talked was telling enough.
Feeling very pleased with himself, John zigzagged his way into the bathroom, apologising profusely to the wall he ran into with his face on the way there.
How had it taken the intervention of Mycroft Holmes for him to see what was right in front of his face?
“So it seems,” John said as he looked around the room, standing up and taking off his jacket before wandering around, opening drawers and then stopping still.
"I have no idea what you are talking about!" he hissed as Mycroft dabbed at his dripping face and collar with a monogrammed kerchief with an unimpressed scowl, still not quite drunk enough to ignore the icy panic that washed over him.
“When I set off this morning I realized we would need to find somewhere to bathe at some point, so when I packed my own trunks to prepare for the event that I might come across a lake such as this I grabbed yours as well, knowing that you wouldn’t have thought of it. You’re welcome.”
The pair ended up leisurely enjoying the water for far longer than they had intended, and John had been surprised at his ability to enjoy Sherlock’s company without being too distracted by how close they were or how little clothing they were wearing, a feat that he was particularly proud of. They swam and floated together for hours, the lack of conversation between them creating no awkwardness. Comfortable silences had long ago become one of many trademarks of the pair’s friendship, with many evenings happily passed in 221b with little or no words exchanged between them. They simply hadn’t felt the need to fill every lull in conversation with meaningless small talk.
“I know. I’m really sorry” John whispered, leaning up for a softer, more tender kiss before pulling back, “I do really love you, you know?”
For some reason, even just the thought of sleeping in the same room as the detective was making John feel self-conscious.
about you. Even your flaws. I married you because even now, to this day, I spend every waking moment craving your lips, your touch, resisting the urge to rip your clothes off and have my way with you."
anything, brother mine. I simply wanted to offer a bit of advice. It's my duty as an older sibling."
Sherlock turned to face him and began leaning forward, and for one dizzying moment, John thought he was going to kiss him.
John sucked and bit at Sherlock's graceful neck as he rutted into the warmth of Sherlock's body with increasing pace, purposely marking him in exactly the same spot Sherlock had done the very first time they ever shared a bed.
"I figured as much. You do know you are safe with me, don't you Sherlock? We don't have to take this any further than you want to. The second you feel uncomfortable just tell me to stop and we will, no questions asked."
"You could just call him and tell him you're pissed like a normal person, but I'm not above seizing the opportunity to let my hair down for once."
John felt his heart throb and a lump grow in his throat as he leaned down to kiss Sherlock’s forehead, his cheek and then the corner of his lips, “I swear it. You’re it for me. The only person I need.”
It was eight in the morning, and John had just sat down with his morning coffee when they caught his eye. A series of deep purple splotches on the floor trailed past the living room and down the hallway out of sight. When he became aware of the acrid scent of fresh paint permeating the flat, he was immediately on his feet, cursing to himself.
“Very funny, John. Arachnophobia is nothing to laugh about!” Sherlock tried to sound convincing but wasn’t even buying it himself - he doubted John would either.
"Well of course. I thought that went without saying!" John backtracked enthusiastically, clearing his throat and fighting to keep his cheeks from heating.
“Here. This will do nicely!” the younger man proclaimed a short while later, gesturing at a grassy spot under a grove of shady trees.
Taking a deep and nervy breath, John gave Sherlock’s cock a few pumps and ran his hand over the slit to take away some of the abundant precome before anxiously leaning down and licking at the remainder of the slick gathering at the tip of Sherlock’s cock.
It was coming from Sherlock, he realized suddenly. The man was shivering so much on the cold floor under the thin blanket that his teeth were chattering.
Gradually John added a second digit alongside the first, Sherlock bucking up against his hand in a desperate attempt to draw them as far into himself as humanly possible.
Sherlock awoke early and immediately headed to the living room, grabbing his laptop and plonking down in his seat as he fired up the device. His head was still spinning with anxiety at his realisation but he had an idea.
Sherlock was quiet for a moment, struggling to find words. What was the best way to say 'I'm sorry I've been such an unsupportive, selfish ass for the last three months of our marriage'?
When it had gotten late and the restaurant had started to empty, the pair bid the newly engaged couple farewell, and stood in silence on the pavement a few minutes later in the cold night air, waiting for a taxi.
John was pleased to find that though challenging, the case was indeed able to be solved by the end of the day, but neither man could deny that the extra drive of desire to finish what they had started had instilled in them when they were so rudely interrupted had played a significant part.
John returned a moment later with two cups, pausing with a start when he saw Sherlock flopped down dejectedly, the upper half of his body comically wrapped in Christmas lights.
He gently pulled out, giving Sherlock a quick peck, before disentangling himself from their embrace to pad to the bathroom to retrieve a wet washcloth.
Sherlock’s hands wound into his hair as he picked up the pace, and John moaned around his cock when he tugged hard on it to guide his movements.
When his orgasm ripped through him he tried to pull out in consideration for his inexperienced partner, but Sherlock held him firmly in place as he came, surprising him by swallowing down every last drop of his release.
John growled as their erections brushed against each other, a thrill running through him at finding that the other man was just as hard as he was. He wrapped his legs around Sherlock’s broad back and began rolling his hips down into him, grinding their still-clothed cocks together. Sherlock gasped into his mouth and released his lips long enough to grab a fistful of John’s shirt and tug it over his head. John grinned and one-upped him by ripping Sherlock’s own shirt clean off, sending buttons flying across the room. Their lips gravitated back together of their own volition, and Sherlock’s hand slid down John’s chest as they kissed to rest on the fly of his jeans.
“He -- He said that if I didn’t use this opportunity to finally…” Sherlock’s eyes refused to meet John’s and his trembling was so obvious that for a moment John thought perhaps Sherlock had gone into shock, “To show you… to tell you just how I feel about you.” he lowered his voice to a whisper “I would be a coward.”
Sherlock began to make a series of filthy noises as they worked up into a steady rhythm, digging his nails so hard into John’s back as he clung on for dear life it hurt.
The cabin was surprisingly well furnished, and in very little disrepair despite its obvious age. John decided that someone must have stayed there recently, judging by the lack of dust.
Just as he was about to close the door behind him, a very aggressive violin tune that reminded him of the sound of swarming bees began emanating from Sherlock’s bedroom.
“I said, Sherlock.” John admitted, bending to suck a patch of Sherlock’s throat skin into his mouth, “I said your name.”
“It has recently been brought to my attention that Sherlock Holmes is madly in love with John Watson.”
Sherlock threw his head back, thumping it on the pillow in displeasure before he grit his teeth and gave his cock a long stroke. His mind was awhirl with ideas, mental images of John bending or that tiny sliver of skin which often showed when the towel didn’t close fully around his side. Feeling the sweat beading on his forehead, Sherlock bit hard on the fleshy part of his hand to quieten himself as he gripped and stroked.
Sherlock was pulled from his mind-palace by an annoyingly chirpy hum and the clinking of dishes being put onto a sideboard, John had apparently got in from work whilst Sherlock was organising and had taken to doing annoying things like washing up, breathing and eating, because when Sherlock twisted his head back to look at John he found the younger man humming to a tune that Sherlock didn’t recognise whilst doing an odd little shimmy thing with his lower half. Sherlock’s eyes immediately rushed to fix onto John’s bottom, watching the perfect mounds move in the fabric of John’s Marks & Spencer slacks.
“We can discuss this in more detail in future.” Sherlock promised, “Tonight is not the time or the place… but I understand. I was angry and frustrated and I blamed you too much entirely.”
"I'm very sorry, but there must be some mistake. We did not book a honeymoon suite" John squeaked out when his brain regained the ability to form coherent thoughts again.
“We need to get out of here, John. That lightning has been hitting closer and closer, and I fear the tent may blow away with us still inside of it at any moment.”
“Yes, I can. I have in fact done just that. Many a time.” Sherlock insisted, his head buried underneath the pillow which he had used to bite onto and muffle his orgasmic screams.
Showing some welcome initiative, Sherlock reciprocated, albeit ridding him of his paint-stained jeans a little more awkwardly.
“Don’t even think about it, Sherlock. I will not have you using sordid little details of our sex life to torment your brother. We are working on you being nicer to him, remember? You did promise.”
Sherlock groaned loudly and gripped the base of his cock tightly, breathing heavily and slamming his eyes shut, “Don’t speak… Don’t -- Don’t even look at me! Stop breathing!” he gasped, “Oh…”
“Oh, you succeeded!” John laughed and leaned down to playfully nip Sherlock’s bum with his teeth. John kicked off the pants, climbed onto the bed and settled between Sherlock’s legs, grabbing the lube which he squirted onto his hand and smeared onto himself. Reaching for the heart of the plug, John wiggled it and pushed it in and out, stimulating Sherlock with each nudge to the prostate before he pulled it out entirely and threw it across the room to land on the wet trousers which he had thrown across earlier.
John smiled in amusement around his mouthful and guided them down onto the top of his head. Luckily for them, Sherlock’s arms were just long enough that he could reach despite the shorter man being on his knees.
John rubbed one hand up and down his thigh to soothe him as he carefully inserted his finger the rest of the way, pausing to give Sherlock a moment. When he seemed comfortable, he added a second. Sherlock groaned with pleasure as he began thrusting them in and out of his warm body, his hips leaving the bed in a desperate attempt to take them as far into himself as possible.
“Thensitive?” Sherlock lisped, blinked and then repeated “Sen-sit-ive” slowly, spelling out the word to ensure he wasn’t lisping.
There it was. That one word that left a sour taste in his mouth and symbolized that he didn't, and would never, mean anything more to the man sitting next to him than a companion and co-worker. However, he couldn't help but notice the slightest undertone of hurt or disappointment that had oddly been present in Sherlock’s voice when he spoke.
He cleaned away his mess before stepping out of the shower and back into his robe, striding back into his bedroom to dress.
John fell back against the pillows panting, and a moment later registered Sherlock moving more frenzied, attempting to find his own peak but seemingly struggling to reach it. John grabbed Sherlock and tugged him forcefully, feeling his own softening cock slip out of Sherlock with a slick noise. John pulled Sherlock up until the younger man was straddling John’s chest, his cock inches away from John’s lips. The doctor opened his mouth, dipping his head and taking Sherlock into his hot, wet mouth and sucking. Sherlock was leaking and John swallowed the bitter taste away as he bobbed his head, his hands moving to cup and grab at Sherlock’s buttocks feeling the dribble of his come sliding out onto his own skin.
What was the appropriate attire for the occasion of going on a pretend date with the most important man in London, to make one’s maddeningly sexy flatmate and work partner jealous?
When he swung the door open, John was taken aback by the opulence that surrounded them. The living area was massive and included a huge seating area, floor to ceiling glass windows that looked straight out over the countryside, and a fully stocked personal bar that faced a ginormous television.
John’s face flamed as he also picked up a small object, holding it in his fingers before it came alive, vibrating out of his hand and onto the plush carpeted floor where it continued to buzz, the only sound in the room except the sudden, deep gulps of Sherlock drinking champagne.
“What the bloody hell did you think you were doing!” Mycroft hissed angrily, “My bank card has been rejected. There is apparently no money in my account!”
“God yes…” Sherlock responded, flicking his cigarette out of the window and flinging off the cover once more.
“What happened was that I got a stiffy and leaked so much that I’m fairly certain the front of my pants are soaked through!” John laughed, looking at Sherlock and then shaking his head “Oh no, No no I see that face and know what it means!”
he proclaimed, snatching up a remote off the coffee table and madly mashing at buttons until a thumping beat started blaring out of the speakers in the ceiling.
The moonlight spilling in the window bathed Sherlock’s body in an ethereal glow reminiscent of a priceless sculpture, every glorious curve and muscle a work of art.
Reluctantly he stood and disappeared from the room, returning a few moments later with a warm washcloth.
"You're welcome" John whispered, his eyes connecting with Sherlock's again for a moment in that funny way they had earlier, sending a shiver down his spine.
Climbing back onto the bed he resumed his earlier position atop Sherlock, giggling at the wary way the man was eyeing the bottle in his hand.
“Nobody has ever held my attention for long enough that I wanted to become - vulnerable around them,” Sherlock said, blushing. “I have had -- attractions. A few over the years, but I have never acted upon it because I was always afraid that my feelings would be used against me. That they would be warped, and turned inwards until I was a laughing stock.” He looked away, and John saw a hint of the small, bullied boy in a private school.
The feeling of Sherlock's body contracting around him tipped John over the edge, and then he was coming as well, spurting his release hot and hard deep inside his body.
“Perhaps we should see if my hypothesis is correct that the same is true of you” he grinned, fumbling to get to John’s pyjama trousers.
John pushed Sherlock down flat onto the floor with a grin and slid down his body. He pushed Sherlock’s legs wide apart and gave his girthy member one long lick from base to tip, enjoying his surprised moan. In the absence of lube, he spat on his fingers, trailing his way down to Sherlock’s entrance. He began to slowly massage the puckered skin with a finger, before plunging one inside. Sherlock cried out, hips jerking off the bed. John slowly worked his finger in and out of the warm channel, stretching him for a while before inserting a second finger alongside the first. Sherlock moaned, pushing back to draw John’s fingers as far into himself as possible. John’s fingers were suddenly replaced by a warm tongue, spearing in and out of Sherlock’s body. He alternated between the two until the man had been driven half-mad with want.
"There I was thinking you might have been going to say that it was because you were spending more time with your friend!" Sherlock ribbed, laughing.
John’s frown deepened as he looked between the bag, which did indeed have said article of clothing draped over it, and Sherlock.
Sherlock had obviously wrestled with whatever he wanted to say, but instead muttered: “Make sure you rinse the bathtub out after you.”
When Sherlock's moans became more desperate a few moments later, John was unsure how much time had passed.
“So, Gregory, how long have you been degrading yourself by throwing your sausage into that huge, pale pastry?”
He reached out to run a hand through the dark patch of hair on Sherlock’s chest, before rotating his hips into Sherlock’s slowly to create a blissful friction as their achingly hard cocks rubbed together through the material of their trousers.
"N... nothing" Sherlock stammered, his cheeks reddening. "Only that I have...never done this before. Not even with a woman, let alone a man."
When they returned to their seats, both men looked happier than John had ever seen them. Lestrade was grinning so widely it sent a shiver of second hand joy down John’s spine.
Sherlock groaned into John’s mouth as their tongues found each other, his hands slipping into the doctor’s silvery blonde hair, and the reverberations of sensation sent a jolt of pleasure straight to John’s groin.
“One moment, I’ll be right back” he rasped, reluctantly untangling himself from Sherlock and crossing the room to his bag on shaky legs, his body-and the bees- already protesting the lack of contact.
“Let’s take this somewhere more comfortable” John suggested, taking Sherlock by the hand and towing him along behind him in the direction of his bedroom. Sherlock’s room was closer, but - if the night was going how John hoped - they would need supplies that John didn’t think Sherlock owned.
“Jesus, Sherlock.” John ground out, eyes fluttering back as his hips thrust forward to rub against Sherlock’s thigh, “Are you sure?”
He wondered just how many clues he had missed, how many signs that the detective wanted him just as badly as John did.
They were in a cab on their way back to the flat when Sherlock shifted uncomfortably in his car seat, something suddenly poking into him. Upon fishing in the pocket of his trousers, his hand closed around a small remote.
“You need to eat something, your body is probably eating itself and causing you to go dizzy. I’ll make you some toast” John suggested, helping Sherlock sit back up and then pushing himself up from the sofa. The movement forced Sherlock’s nose near John’s jumper, the scent of warmth and home and a pinch of sweat from John’s workday making something in Sherlock clench again and then worryingly he began to realise that it wasn’t just internal problems being caused by John - it was exterior as well.
John hissed when his fingernail scraped a nipple, his lips turning their attention to the side of Sherlock's pale neck, licking and sucking at the soft skin.
Ten minutes later Sherlock stopped to pull a map out of his back pocket, and John helped shield him from the weather while he consulted it.
With a grin, John moved back up his body and added more spit to his achingly hard member. He lined himself up with Sherlock’s entrance and used his free hand to clasp Sherlock’s. Slowly he pushed until the head of his cock slipped past the ring of muscle. Sherlock hissed, and John gave him a moment to adjust to his size before he pushed the rest of the way inside, bottoming out. Both men moaned, and  Sherlock wrapped his legs around John’s back, throwing his head back when John started to move.
- being in love with one Holmes had already given him at least three of his frown lines, he doubted he could survive two of them.
Sherlock spat. “You’re dating men now? Why, have you tampered with the entire supply of sexual age women in London and the surrounding areas?”
But the harder he tried, the worse the knots became, and his frustration dragged him into more thoughts of the number of times he had failed to truly be there for John when he needed him recently. His mind filled with examples.
John’s heart sunk, a feeling of indescribable sadness flooding through him as he deflated and nodded sadly.
Sherlock seemed happy to hear that and he returned the kisses willingly before John ran his own hands along the long, lean length of Sherlock’s torso, reaching down to cup the man’s scrotum in his palm and stroke as he began to slide down Sherlock’s body until his mouth was hovering over his cock.
“Sherlock…” John groaned, nipping at Sherlock’s swollen bottom lip as he adjusted his hold on Sherlock’s prick, stroking it rapidly with a wet noise as the precome made a slapping noise between their skin, “Please… Please come… I want you to come first…”
“And I you, Sherlock. Now enough of this, too much sentiment is bad for digestion” Mycroft quipped, clapping Sherlock on the shoulder before departing with a smile.
Blood red rose petals had been strewn all over the bed and carpet, forming heart shapes, and there was a huge bottle of champagne leaning on the countless velvet pillows.
John decided he couldn’t take it anymore and pulled Sherlock’s face down until there were barely inches between them, hesitating a moment to look at him.
"This wouldn't have anything to do with the excessive ego stroking you received from Lestrade because he was desperate for someone to take the case, would it Sherlock?" he muttered under his breath as he caught the heavy wooden door that the detective had neglected to hold open for him.
Mrs Hudson looked down at Sherlock who gave a gentle nod into her lap, stretching himself up to allow her to move. Sherlock immediately stood, walking to the kitchen to reheat the kettle purely as something to do to calm his fluttering nerves. This was it - the time that John finally told Sherlock he was leaving.
He grabbed Sherlock's shoulders and rolled them both forcefully, until he was perched atop the detective.
“John!” Greg shouted, making his way through a crowd of well-wishers and grabbing John for a sweaty hug. Mycroft stood beside them and gave John a smile, his hand still in Greg’s own.
Sherlock's eyes remained on his for a few beats too long. He returned to staring at the crackling fire that was slowly dying down to embers, the glow of the flames highlighting his high cheekbones.
“How far do you want to take this?” John asked as he positioned himself between Sherlock’s legs, leaning over him so they could share kisses in between heavy, aroused breaths, “I’m not in a rush, we don’t have to go all of the way tonight. We can go at your pace – as slow as you need.”
Before John could snap out of his shock and summon a decent reply, a large hand was on his face. Breathing rapidly, he stared into Sherlock’s otherworldly eyes as the detective leaned in until there were mere inches between their mouths. They were so close they were sharing breaths, so close John could smell the woods on him.
Gregory got up and knelt down on one knee, retrieving the box and opening it out towards a very stunned Mycroft, who was moments away from crying.
When his orgasm ripped through him his knees buckled and he cried out Sherlock’s name and bit into his fist to stifle his loud cry as he came, painting his hand and the shower tiles in front of him with his hot seed.
"I leave you alone for five minutes unsupervised, and look at the mess you've gotten yourself into! You're worse than our daughter!"
John cried out, hips becoming shaky as he gave half a dozen thrusts before stilling and choking on a moan. His cock twitched, throbbed and then began to come hard, shooting off inside Sherlock in thick ribbons which only increased John’s arousal. The first time he had ever ejaculated into another person and it was the man he loved.
