“Tony,” he says, and now it doesn’t sound pleading. It’s too low to sound like anything.
He shuts his eyes one last time before pushing himself to sit up. The brightness around him slowly takes shape as Tony’s workshop. Steve is on a lab table, and there’s a second one close to him. Steve notices Bruce and Rhodey, standing nearby, and then.
“Good idea,” Tony says, and Steve’s hands lower to Tony’s wrists, which is good, because Tony’s hands should be under the control of someone else right now, stopping him from writing
Except Howard doesn’t see him; Rogers neither sees him, or requests an audience. Instead, as Jarvis tells, Rogers approached the castle’s door and asked if he’s made his decision.
Steve couldn’t help but smile, but his mind was already racing. Both dogs seemed well-groomed, clean and healthy. There was no way they weren’t chipped, and, from the lack of dirt in their furs, Steve guessed they had gotten lost recently, most likely getting loose during a walk. “Your family must be worried sick about you.”
“Eager,” Tony says with a grin, removing his hand. Steve lets out a straight up
Steve feels himself flush, even though he doesn’t really have anything to be embarrassed about, and ends up looking away himself. He feels silly and incredibly awkward, all of a sudden. He wants to loosen his tie, which feels hot and tight around his neck, but that would be inappropriate. His eyes end up darting down, at a forgotten truffle he now remembers he is holding.
, and that –
The offended one scoffed. “I should hope not,” he said, turning to Tony. “We’ll see you at the meeting.”
“See—Uh, see you later, then,” Steve pushes himself to say. Tony just stands there as Steve turns and leaves.
“No,” Steve says, final. He leans forward and presses a kiss to Tony’s wet cheek, lowering his hands to rub the towels against his shoulders gently. “You’re a good boyfriend.”
He didn’t even look offended, Tony thought, a little distantly. Just. Hurt in the rawest, simplest way someone could be.
He sits up, unable to lie still anymore. “I should, uh--” His eyes sweep the room, seeing the mess of clothes scrambled by the bed. “I should get dressed.”
“Take all the time you want,” he says, but it doesn’t sound like a pleasantry. It sounds like a challenge.
“Of course he would,” Barnes says, and now he frowns. “He’s Steve. That’s just how he works.”
“Right,” Tony’s response is a little strange, almost robotic. Steve wonders if there’s something he’s missing, some crucial component of one night stand etiquette he just isn’t aware of. “I suppose you’re not hungry either, are you?”
“I think our lives are gonna be a lot easier,” Steve pulls Tony closer, feeling his chest against his. “If from now on you just assume the answer to this question is always ‘yes’.”
“Don’t be mean,” Steve chastised. He was having a hard time not cooing over the small dog. He focused on holding him delicately, very careful not to accidentally squeeze him too hard or anything, because God, he was tiny.
The honesty in Tony’s voice is almost too much. It’s hardly the first time he’s said those things, but every time, his words travel through Steve’s body, curling in his stomach, the pleasure in hearing them in a permanent battle against his instinctive embarrassment for wanting to. He opens his mouth to say something - he doesn’t know what - but he never finds out, because in the next moment Stark’s mouth is over his nipple, covering it with a wet, open-mouthed kiss, his tongue dragging over his sensitive nub as his lips suck like he’s never wanted anything else, and Steve can’t say anything, can barely think anymore.
“Oh, don’t worry, darling,” Stark says, and something in his voice suggests a familiarity that should have been impossible between the both of them, having just met. Yet Steve has the distinct feeling they’re in sync, as if they both instantly know how they want to play this, and the thought goes straight to his cock. “I will.”
It's melted a little on his hand. Steve frowns, turning to the table to get a napkin. He cleans up his palm and takes the tip of his index finger to his mouth, sucking the leftover chocolate.
Dinner was served on a large, ostentatious table that seemed meant for more people than just the three of them. Ayesha did have two servants sitting at each of her sides, but there were no plates in front of them. It wasn’t clear what exactly they were there for (a crew of hurried, obviously younger servants was in charge of setting the table, frantically laying cutlery in front of Tony and Steve), but, evidently, it wasn’t to eat.
“Yup,” Steve says, finally just throwing the duvet over Tony’s body, pulling at the end to leave his face uncovered. “You figured me out. That’s exactly the plan.”
Cap goes back to the fight as well, and Tony pretty much forgets all about it.
Howards draws in a sharp breath. He concludes the meeting, too tired to entertain Obadiah’s speculation on the Captain’s intentions, and goes to his chambers.
Tony thinks back on Steve at the bedroom.
Through lunch, Steve can’t look away for one second. He stares as Tony eats his salad, as he rambles endlessly, at the way his hand holds the fork, at the blue circle on his chest.
“I’m afraid not yet, Captain,” he says, taking a bite of his beef. It’s juicy and succulent, a fine distraction from the bottle that he can’t bring himself to ignore. “I want to ask you a few questions.”
“You can call them tits,” Tony whispers, conspiratorial, to Stark. Steve’s face burns and yet heat curls low in his belly at the thought of Tony exposing him like that, displaying all of his weak spots to Stark’s merciless mouth and fingers. “He loves it.”
“Okay,” Stark replied, after a pause. Steve couldn’t imagine what he was thinking, and he found himself growing annoyed at his silence, wishing he could just put him out of his misery already. “Would you… Would you mind if I scooted a little closer?”
“Tony,” he says, a little like he’s gonna say something else, a little like it’s just a statement of fact. And it is, he thinks – a statement of the only thing he can think of and see now, overwhelming all his senses. A thousand sensations he can’t name in one word: Tony.
Howard’s feels his eyebrows hit his hairline. “Doesn’t this man have a war to fight?” he demands. “How much longer can he keep going through the city without alerting the king’s guards?”
However—he still feels the tingle of Steve’s beard against his skin. If he will wake Steve up, if he will tear this world apart, then he needs to at least bring himself to understand it.
Steve smiles, following his line of sight to the end of the aisle, where they can see Vision in a green tux, his eyes glimmering under the light. His smile is full of wonder as he watches Wanda walking in his direction. She looks beautiful, in a simple, white gown. When she reaches Vision, she blinks quickly to stop tears that are already there, and Steve notices his tux matches her eyes.
At his workshop, Tony stares at him with wide, bright eyes, and Steve wants to cry.
“For fuck’s sake, of course I feel
Steve scratched Lola’s belly and wondered which one of them could be right, then promptly forgot all about the topic.
Tony’s phone rings. Tony’s
Steve clenched his jaw. “I didn’t think it would go any further.”
On the phone, Pepper starts going on about papers Tony needs to sign, and all he can focus on is watching as Steve walks towards the sink and starts washing the dishes. Away from him. Tony sighs.
“I also don’t know how he will take it.” Bruce clutches his hands together, nervously. “Psychologically, I mean… If Stone’s data is correct, and there’s no reason to think it wouldn’t be, he’s living in his dream world. Most importantly, he thinks what he’s dreaming is actually real. If we just turn everything off, it will be a huge shock.”
“You sure do enjoy talking, don’t you, darling?” Stark replies, sharp, and Tony’s laugh hums against the curve of Steve’s shoulder, the scratch of his goatee giving Steve chills.
FRIDAY projects the images above them. It’s a scan of Steve’s brain, but not one Tony’s ever seen before.
“Also,” Steve hears himself saying, though he isn’t sure of what words are really coming out of his mouth, distracted by the smile that was once his and that Tony now directs to the floor. “If you hand a man a drink, usually, it’s a little impolite to not have a toast.”
unbelievable, some would say,” her voice cut through his thoughts, sharp and gaining steam at every word. Tony’s head snapped back at her, and he noticed her two assistants with their backs straight but eyes focused, as if they were ready to jump into action at any moment. “In fact, once I heard it, I couldn’t help but wonder how could two people with such a turbulent history end up together.”
Steve looks at him. “Oh.”
It’s this image, of both of them on the dance floor, that breaks the illusion, because Steve knows better than anyone that, in real life, he’d be stiff and uncomfortable in this scenario, and even Tony’s natural ability would be hindered by his awkwardness. His musical repertoire is badly outdated, too, his mission of catching up with contemporary music long abandoned as he dedicated himself to work - he wouldn’t even know the songs Tony would want to dance to. And he knows very well he’d never be able to keep with Tony’s smooth steps, that he’d freeze at the first whisper of Tony’s low, warm voice and make him regret asking.
He finds Barnes in kitchen, sitting on the isle.
Rhodey arrives soon after, forces Tony to eat something before helping him settle on the lab table. It’s right next to Steve, so FRIDAY can monitor both of them at once.
Steve is sound asleep by now, so he probably doesn’t notice it, but it’s fine. Tony can tell him in the morning – and again later, in the future, as many times as Steve wants. Again and again.
When he was halfway through it, having just asked a man inside a café if he had seen a Pomeranian walking by, the rain started. Steve sighed, resigned to getting wet, and pulled his hoodie over his head.
“Uh, not sure,” Steve shrugs with one shoulder, eyes darting away, and it’s that, that weird layer of nervousness under all the coyness, that’s a fucking danger to society and everything it holds holy. It’s
And Tony knows this. He really, really does, which is what makes everything so damn hard, right now. He imagines young Steve becoming friends with James Barnes, watching him die, and then later trying to protect him. Finding out about the Winter Soldier, about his crimes, and still trying to fight, to solve it, to save him somehow. Stubborn, self-righteous Steve Rogers, who would never leave a friend behind. Who would keep secrets to protect those he cared, those he—
? What the hell is that supposed to mean? Steve is not some prudish boy scout – what could he find inappropriate about a kissing attempt?
“I’m here to ask for your son’s hand.”
That’s… a little surprising, if Tony’s honest. As much as he had joked about it to Rhodey, a part of him
The first one shows him and Steve in suits. Tony doesn’t recognize the one he’s wearing, so he suspects it was probably custom made for the occasion; Steve’s is a dark blue, perfectly fitted. In the picture, Steve is grinning wide. He has his arms wrapped around Tony’s waist and a dot of white foam on his nose, which Tony can guess is cake frosting, because it’s all over his own face in the picture, too. He’s also laughing, hands on Steve’s shoulders and head thrown slightly back, eyes shut. Steve’s gaze is on him entirely. Neither of them is looking at the camera.
“No, my lord,” Obadiah says. Howard barely resists the urge to roll his eyes. He spoils Tony too much, not nearly as much as Maria had, true, but... “Though I assume he must be waiting for a swift reply. We don’t know how long he can stay in the outskirts—"
He feels Steve’s hand relaxing, allowing Tony to lead his movement, and he uses Steve’s fingers to tap the reactor—once, twice.
hurt, as if he tore through Tony’s chest with his bare hands (and Tony would know, because he’s been there before). He wonders if Steve was able to see through Tony’s righteous anger, to see the things he had tried to keep buried.
So he does just that.
He was going to be one hell of a sight at dinner the next night. With some luck, maybe the other guests would think he and Steve had spent the night awake in the way a happily married couple would, and not as they were right now, with Steve on the couch and Tony feeling like shit on the bed.
.” Tony’s voice is more vehement, and Steve is pale, paler than he’s ever been, like he’s gonna be sick. Tony puts his free hand on his neck, tries to make the touch steady and comforting. “Come on, baby,” he says, the endearment jumping off of his lips without him meaning to.
For someone who’s been the star of so many of Tony’s nightmares, he looks frighteningly normal.
Steve’s eyes spark with some amount of shyness and some amount of something definitely
“Here.” T’Challa pointed to a crate in the far end of the hallway. He didn’t have to, though – the dog’s loud whining spoke for itself, rising above any of the other regular sounds coming from the rows of cages.
actually interesting. There was a lot of history and culture they couldn’t even imagine. Steve, Tony noticed, was often captured by the information presented to him, leaning forward with a small frown that was ever-so-slightly different from his frown of disappointment. He’d nod along with some of the presentations and even tilt his head a little when he heard something particularly intriguing, in a rather cute way.
He walks towards Tony, grinning slightly. Tony stands frozen, unable to move but desperate to run away. He’s shaking, his mind trying to control his immediate instincts to hide, or to attack Barnes, or to throw up.
Tony forces himself to shrug, this time. “I’m just asking,” he says. His voice is a little weak, but he pushes himself to keep going. He feels like he’s poking the wound but it somehow refuses to bleed, and he needs that, needs that hurt, to ground himself in reality. “Me and Steve, we can be—I mean. Let’s just say a lot of people wouldn’t have seen this, I mean,
be a very serious head trauma, the Pomeranian stopped abruptly midair.
“I,” Steve started saying, then cut himself abruptly, because the notion was too absurd to even say it. He tried again, “I’m… a demigod?”
Steve cries himself to sleep that night, and Tony stays with him the entire time, trying to ease him from a pain he deserves.
Tony stood up. Like an idiot, he just stood up and stayed there, next to the bed in the dark, turned towards the vaguely square-shaped shadow of the back of the couch. He couldn’t see Steve – not even his shadow, his broad and large shadow that Tony had the aching feeling would be all curled up on itself now – but he could hear him.
“Come on,” he says. “Let’s give them a fair fight.” And then, unless Tony is actually delirious because of the sunlight, he perks his hips a little, grinning slyly with those damn flushed cheeks: “And then later we can, uh, brainstorm.”
, in fact, seemed to be inside – that is, aside from one very small, very significant machine irradiating a green glow, that turned its rays towards Steve the second he saw it.
Steve’s eyes widen. “What?” His free hand flies to Tony’s face, touching his cheek. “You… Why?” His brow furrows, his gaze full of worry, his touch so careful and attentive. All his focus is on Tony, protectiveness radiating from his body in warm, strong waves.
Steve nodded again.
She didn’t just leave Tony, though, Howard thinks. She left everything.
Steve’s brows furrowed and his jaw clenched and his cheeks grew redder. He looked furious and beautiful, and Tony kind of liked that combo. It made him look unreachable, which was good, because he was.
“Hey, have you seen Cap around?” He blurts, unable to control himself.
“What do you mean?” Steve asks, with a little frown between his eyebrows that Tony’s hand itches to smooth it out. “I know it seems silly, but it’s really funny.” He turns, and, at Clint’s gaze, grows more indignant. “The pictures are very good and the captions are really creative.”
“No, sir,” Rogers says, no trace of his smile left on his expression. “I wouldn’t ever jest about such a thing.”
(If Tony’s honest, it still feels a bit unreal, to him. It feels like he’s working backwards. He had imagined he’d been avoiding Steve by now – pretending he wasn’t around, maybe fighting with him over petty things when they had to talk to each other. In a way it feels like he’s been robbed of this, of this… anger. And that stings, really, because it’s almost dangerous, to peel this anger off. What’s underneath scares Tony most of all.)
He realizes, too late, how whiney his voice sounds, and he's a little embarrassed. Stark doesn’t seem to mind, though, his lips curling in a fond smile.
“Steve, darling?” he asked, and for a moment he sounded so hesitant Steve couldn’t help but frown. He had never seen Stark seem hesitant about anything. “Please don’t take this the wrong way, but… Would you like to sleep in bed with me?”
. “Fuck, you have no
, Rocket had said, nonchalant, after sharing the story of the one time their people deployed an entire fleet because of stolen batteries.
“Hey,” Tony said, not raising his eyes to look at him. Steve swallowed.
Bruce ignores his provocation, touching something on his screen. “Take a look at this.”
There are so many moments in between. There are the moments where Tony wakes up in a frenzy, panicked, and Steve has to hold him to calm him down; there are moments when the reverse happens. There are the moments where they fight, driving each other crazy; there are the moments where they bicker in the cheesiest way possible, grinning so hard Steve’s cheeks hurt.
“Hey,” he called, going after him. Steve was clearly still reeling from his speech, because Tony was able to catch his wrist, stop him. “What are you doing?”
put those G-string ads for good use.
In a different world, maybe he’d be able to say it aloud.
Steve can’t help it – he moans and pushes back his hips, eager for
“Again?”
Tony, in the bed, sits up as well, though he doesn’t seem any less alarmed than a moment before. He takes sharp breaths. He is clearly trying to evaluate the situation; to detect what is the scenario in order to decide which posture to adopt. In a way, Howard recognizes, it’s almost admiring, how fast he takes it all in.
“Wow. That guy never tires of being useful, does he?” Tony crossed his arms and turned towards Steve, too winded to be able to read his expression. He felt pissed off at the world – at the Sovereign, at Quill, at Leader Homewrecker, at Steve, and even at himself for taking that damn bathroom break. He should never have let Steve’s side. Now… “So, what do you want to do?”
“…It isn’t,” Tony says. “I.” He blinks for a moment, adjusting to the information. “How could I have thought it was?”
,” he gestured awkwardly at the Pomeranian strapped to his chest, “made us run into you at the park, and now you’re
Silence stretches out between them, instead. Steve watches as Tony’s eyes dart away from him, to the table, to the floor, to the people dancing in front of them, and then back to Steve.
“Unbelievable,” T’Challa said, watching with an awed smile. “Every time.”
It’s a testament of how much of Tony’s life was spent in front of cameras that he’s able to school his features into something that doesn’t transmit the inner turmoil in his chest to his face.
Steve was watching his every movement attentively. “Are you planning to explain anything?”
He and Tony don’t talk much, after the wedding. This isn’t really unexpected – they barely cross paths these days, Steve busy with the renegotiation of the Accords, Tony busy with the new projects he has in partnership with Wakandan tech. Sam’s suggestion may burn a picture on Steve’s mind that’s hard to forget, but at the end of the day, it’s nothing beyond that.)
Steve moans against Tony’s cock, and Tony’s hand goes to Steve’s hair as he jolts, his hips arching forward. Steve looks up – he loves the sight of Tony like this, breathless and flushed, his tanned skin glimmering with sweat, brown eyes half-lidded as he looks down.
Steve doesn’t even have the courage to touch him before standing up to leave.
“Anything you’d like to share with me, Edwin?”
Steve dies on his sleep, a few years later.
So he avoids looking Tony’s way, keeping his expression under control. When he feels tempted to do otherwise, he thinks of Tony at that first wedding – how he looked dancing with Nat, so comfortable and happy. Tony deserves someone who can make him look like that, and Steve can’t.
what you’re blowing me off for?” Tony is shocked with indignation, but he doesn’t stop the kisses or the caresses on Steve’s hair. By now, he has enough experience with battle strategies that he knows you don’t cease your attack just because your opponent resorted to a low blow. “Come on, you can fill them later.”
Tony thinks –
“So,” Tony started, after he positioned himself. “Is there a specific spot or area that’s been bugging you?”
“Much better.” Tony makes a show of yawning and stretching his arm above his head. “Sorry for, uh, being weird before.” He watches Steve from the corner of his eye, alert to his every movement.
Tony’s hips jolt forward. “You little—
Tony shrugs with one shoulder. “They’re young,” he says, watching Steve’s reaction attentively. “They probably spend most of their time with their tongues in each other’s throats.”
This one—it’s not so much of a theory, to be precise. It’s more of a thought that keeps leering, nagging at the back of Tony’s mind, sharp and dangerous like a thorn.
He tells Tony the truth:
Obadiah thinks it’s about the weapons, but Obie is short-sighted, always has been. There’s no reason for the rebels to try to get more weapons from them by adding a wedding to their bargain. They already have enough without needing such a huge compromise.
“Oh, yeah. Yeah, it’s done,” Tony says. Then, excited for the opportunity, he adds: “It’s just some minor upgrades, nothing huge.”
A pause follows his question, but Howard can tell Rogers is not reflecting. Instead, he seems almost – appalled is too strong a word, but definitely shocked by Howard’s words.
but no, it couldn’t be—a sob.
Steve hugs her tightly before leaving.
Steve hated it.
Tony smiled. “Alright.” He gestured to a lab table behind him. “Do you want to get started? Usually I’d offer somewhere more comfortable,” his voice lowered a bit, with an edge of suggestion that sent a spark of heat down Steve’s belly, “but I’d like for JARVIS to gather data during the process, if you don’t mind.”
Rogers doesn’t seem to register the effect of his words. Instead, he stares at Howard in silence. It dawns on Howard he probably thinks there’s nothing else to add.
He swallows another glass to stop himself from saying something reckless. Rogers watches him in silence.
(Steve had, of course, been the universe’s kindest asshole, insisting Tony took the bed every night. Tony attempted to argue, but Steve didn’t bulge, so he ended up giving in and sleeping on the bed. It was very comfortable, but he still had a hard time falling asleep, mind wandering, unable to not try to imagine how it would be like to have Steve by his side.)
Steve told himself he was definitely imagining it.
to step in.
Steve doesn’t say anything. He doesn’t seem able to. His hand lowers from Tony’s face slowly, rests on the top of his thigh and closes into a fist. His breath is hitching, and his eyes are teary and wide. The sadness that floods them is more than Tony can bear to watch.
Stark raised an eyebrow. “It’s almost two a.m., sweetheart.”
“Well?” Tony asks, his voice teasing, a harsh contrast with the reassurance and tenderness he approached Steve with. “Not that I mind having all the fun to myself, really, but you should know, I’m not usually the type that shares, so you should enjoy the opportunity before I change my mind.”
“I’ll have my chef send the recipe to your database,” Ayesha replied. Then she raised an inquiring eyebrow. “Say, I’ve heard humans heavily associate cooking with your females,” she said
Steve shrugs, forgetting the snack on the table. He takes his hands to his pockets instead. “That’s one advantage.”
Steve rests his cheek against Tony’s warm skin, his face tinged by the blue glow of the reactor, and he wishes they could touch like this, outside of the bedroom. He wishes and wishes and wishes – as Tony drifts off to sleep, Steve, who hasn’t had a sip of alcohol, feels drunk on him and wishes he never had to sober up.
he says, pulling away merely an inch, his noses still touching, as if he can’t bear to be further apart.
“And he specifically asked to speak to me,” Howard says, not a question.
, Steve feels as if it would be an insult to ask Tony if he’s sure. He tilts his head upwards, towards Steve, and comes closer, his eyes growing bigger every second, his nose brushing Steve’s just slightly before he angles his face a little to the left. The press of his mouth is as light as a feather, a small touch that could easily be brushed away.
“Tony?” Steve’s voice brought him back to the present. “Are you even listening?”
“I was so pleased when you two agreed to meet me for dinner,” Ayesha said. Her voice was kind, but there was a spark in her eyes of something that seemed a little too dangerous for Tony’s taste. She turned towards Steve, smiling. “The two of you are such a lovely couple.”
“Would it kill you to take this seriously?” He bristled, his voice betraying just a tinge of controlled anger.
Steve stayed silent for a moment, Tony staring at him as if in a challenge, until Steve broke the dam. “No, he didn’t.”
Steve would be lying if he said his first reaction wasn’t to coo, because, well, they were adorable, both small balls of golden fur. “Hey, there,” he said in a soft voice, and both poms leaned forward, eyes shining. “Where did you both come from?”
“I regret it, you know. The way I reacted. I should never have attacked Barnes. He wasn’t any more responsible than a gun would be.” Tony doesn’t look at Steve as he speaks. Instead, he looks at his lap, where his and Steve’s hand are interlaced. “But just, seeing that… And then you… I just, I couldn’t think.”
Tony blinks. Howard waits.
Tony smiles in his response – Steve can feel it against his skin, but he can barely focus on chastising him for his teasing, because Stark’s hands follow the path above Tony’s, stopping at Steve’s pectorals. He cups them, eyeing Steve’s nipples predatorily.
there’s no other way of putting it.
circle.
Then his eyes land on Tony. He has a knowing smile on his lips, watching the happy couple as if he always knew it would end this way. His sunglasses hang from his collar. He doesn’t look like he’s been crying.
the voice goes on, seemingly delighting in the way Tony’s heart shrinks in response.
“Maybe you—uh, you could,” Tony stammers. “Just. Sleep here.”
Tony sighs. “Yeah. I know my phone rang and all, but let’s be real, you were going to tense up and get all weird in a second, even if it didn’t, and I just want to know—”
Since Tony’s life is often neither fair nor logical, of course, it’s not the case. In fact, he and Steve spend most of the time when they’re not gracefully fighting together butting heads over every tiny, stupid, little thing; driving each other crazy with what should be the simplest of disagreements. Most of the time, they end up pissed and frustrated with each other, their battlefield connection nowhere to be found.
Steve’s hand shakes against Tony’s cheek. “Tony, what are you talking about?”
Shit, the elevator was too small.
Steve’s frown deepens, and there it is, the Captain America Glare of Disapproval, in its purest, most judgmental form. “Tony. You know what I’m talking about. I know I have been… I shouldn’t… ” He looks away, his flush deepening, taking a sharp breath. Almost as if he’s composing himself. “Listen, Tony, this isn’t fair – for God’s sake, you’re in a relationship.”
Howard feels strangely annoyed. Of course, he realizes, he only speaks up when Tony is concerned.
It had been just a dream. Just a stupid dream, and…
Tony stares at him for a moment in surprise, and then he breaks in a delighted, loud laugh.
Steve let out another sob, one that somehow escaped the muffling of the cushion, sounding raw and painful and just straight up
“Tony,” he croaked, a little unsure of what to say. “That’s—that sounds like a lot of work to keep a ninety-pound asthmatic on the field.”
any damn pillows, but…
And the way he smiles, for a moment, looks almost foreign. His eyes light up and his whole face brightens, a dimple showing up in his cheek. He looks younger.
Steve’s jaw clenches and his face heats. He doesn’t want to discuss his lack of a love life with Tony, of all people. The thought makes his stomach twist in embarrassment, even though he doesn’t understand why – Tony doesn’t seem to judge, merely stating it as a fact, but Steve still feels ridiculous, the truth somehow sounding a lot more pathetic when it comes from Tony’s mouth.
Steve touches his arm. “Just… stay a little.” Stark’s eyes widen, and, to Steve’s complete surprise, his face flushes. Steve tries to pull him in, even though his body feels boneless. “You two can work on the portal later.”
” could be shown.
Tony puts the picture aside on the bedside table. “Just waiting for you.”
He asks, after Steve finishes. Steve thinks it’s an insane question, because he told him
Part of it is curiosity – regardless of what Tony says, he has no memory of this man’s face, and he has no idea what he could possibly want from him. Another part is just that he longs for the excuse to finally have a goblet of wine. By now, the sun has lowered, and his tongue feels dry, sticking to the roof of his mouth as he speaks.
“No, Cap. As you know, it’s not very easy to kill me,” Tony said, and to be honest, he didn’t—he didn’t even know what made him say it, really. Maybe it was because he was pissed at the ridiculous situation they were in. Maybe it was because he was tired of dancing around that One Funny Time where they beat the shit out of each other.
Steve grins, something cheeky in his smile, and his hand goes to the back of Tony’s neck, gentle, but still big and firm. “Are you sure?” He asks, all the blue in the world directed at Tony, completely focused on him as Steve’s voice goes a few octaves lower, dripping with honey and promises. “I’d be willing to spare a few hours.”
“Not really.” Rhodey sighs, and Tony notices for a moment how tired he looks, with a pang of guilt in his chest. He left all that shit in Rhodey’s hands. “Just what his data already told us.” He raises his hand and gestures at Steve casually, voice gaining a rehearsed tone. “Nanotech injected into skin to make the brain project pleasant illusions for an undetermined amount of time. Or, as the internet prefers to call it,” he makes a face as he makes finger quotes. “A ‘dream machine’.”
in silence, unable to say it aloud, and felt something curling up next to his feet – Anthony, he thought, forgetting to feign distance from the cat in his mind, and he sank in Stark’s embrace a little further, emboldened by the dark.
“I’m fine,” he said then, because he was. “Can I go now?” He hated sitting there in the lab, feeling exposed and pitiful. He was tired and frustrated and he wanted to go for a run or punch a sandbag, and he couldn’t do either of those things.
“So Dummy helped you find me,” he said, testing his ground. Stark nodded enthusiastically. “And you were… observing me for a while.” Stark nodded again, though this time with some amount of embarrassment. “But... why? Why did you need to find me—and, uh, I guess, Lola too?”
Truth be told, he was too busy focusing on not going insane to think about the strength of their performance. He had been distracted by his feelings, not even considering that getting caught could legitimately put them in danger, but now the possibility was too real to ignore. “She’s on to us? And you didn’t think it would be a good idea to tell me that?”
Sleep came quickly, and, even before he dosed off, Steve knew this time he’d have nice dreams.
The drawers are different, too, Tony finds. There are separate piles of socks and underwear Tony doesn’t recognize – he very adamantly refuses to let his brain dwell on the discovery that Steve is a briefs man -, and when he opens his closet, he can see clothing in hangers that’s also not his. He runs his hands over them and recognizes some of Steve’s shirts.
Steve chuckles, clearly pleased. It’s a soft sound, that Tony can only hear because they’re so close.
Steve looks at him. “Really?”
“Yes,” he whispers.
“…puppies?” Steve said, and had to repeat it. “I’m the god of puppies?”
He should be angry, shouldn’t he? Or maybe Steve should – Tony certainly thought he would have some leftover protective fury over Barnes. They should be apologizing to each other, or, hell, even fighting again.
Steve’s hand caresses his torso, climbing up towards his chest. Tony’s heart rushes as he feels the weight of Steve’s palm over his shirt, just a thin fabric separating it from the reactor.
“In the meantime,” Bruce continued, back to looking at the tablet, and Steve got the distinct feeling he was avoiding looking at him. “Is there anything else about your health you want to talk about? Anything bothering you?”
, it’s just—of all the things he could have thought, this… “I’m sorry,” Steve says.
Tony’s hand flew to his mouth to stop himself from cursing as the sharp pain climbed from his foot to his ankle. It was too late, though, and he saw how Steve’s back stilled immediately.
remind Sam and Bucky that neither of them lived there, technically, but since they weren’t even a hallway away and both had keys, he figured it wouldn’t really be fair. “He’s the last one,” he said instead. “Definitely.”
ing and
Heat climbs over Steve’s chest – he’s so exposed, and yet he wants even more, wants both Tony and Stark to have him entirely. He gives Tony’s cock a slow, long lick, feeling Stark spread his cheeks.
Okay, so maybe it wasn’t really fair, what he did.
a next time, which, really, made Tony feel like floating off his seat).
Tony laid a hand on Steve’s forearm, searching his face, looking for clues as to what angle they were playing at. Steve didn’t look at him, though.
Steve smiled, and then, with a shock, realized he actually did believe Stark’s story. It made sense, in its own bizarre fashion, and it explained the disappearance of the other Pomeranian, as well as Stark’s dismissive behavior towards him. But he hadn’t gotten everything yet.
Stark doesn’t say anything, thoughtful, so Steve leans in and presses a kiss to his cheek. Then he uses his hand to reach down and pull Tony’s naked leg over his waist.
Steve complies, his eyes searching Tony’s face, blue pools of confusion and pain and a spark of what Tony can only conclude is fear. “Tony—”
The workshop is a bit outdated, he notices. Which makes sense, he supposes – Steve hasn’t seen the place in two years, so his memories couldn’t build an accurate copy. Tony sees the lack of a coffee stain on the couch, an old design on the panels displayed in front of him. Even the chair he’s sitting on, he notices, is one he threw away in favor of a model more forgiving on his back.
“This has nothing to do with history class, and everything to do with the fact that people are people, regardless of the time period.” Rhodey pulls the linen to his side, taking the thread out of Tony’s hand. “And also, if there was one thing the Allied forces didn’t care about, was waiting until marriage to get laid.
Very slowly, he reaches for Tony’s hand across the table. The warmth and the feel of his calloused skin makes heat prickle Steve’s neck. His breath shortens. Holding Thor’s hammer was easier.
Steve, to his credit, does try talking. He makes a valiant attempt to start a legitimate conversation while Tony is sucking on his neck, which means his results aren’t great – he’s too breathless and constantly interrupting himself with tiny gasps and noises that do nothing to convince Tony talking is the way to go. And he’s too—
Tony ended up ambushing him during one of his checkup sessions with Bruce.
Tony thought back, as if Steve could somehow hear him.
“I love him,” Tony interrupted, his own voice frantic, but although he was ostensibly talking to Ayesha, he wasn’t looking at her. In fact, she could just as well not exist, as far as he was concerned. He tightened his grip on Steve’s shoulder, trying to get Steve to look at him. “I do. It might seem impossible, but I, I do, I—”
And the elevator’s panel lit up.
“No one would see, you know,” Stark pointed out, right when Steve was thinking what a ridiculous picture they’d make, himself larger than Stark, being—being
“Yet,” Tony says. His head is spinning, blood buzzing in his ears. “It’s not deteriorating
Now that he was back to the small, skinny frame he had spent so much of his life in, he
Howard laughs. He can’t help it – it’s an honest, full-blown laugh, the type he can’t remember the last time he gave. “Love? You come inside my castle to jest with me, Captain?”
The sight leaves him even more breathless. They’re both so different, physically, and yet—there’s something in between them that clutches Steve’s heartstrings. They’re both so uniquely
Tony presses his lips together. Ok, he thinks. So Steve is around, and using something Tony made for him. So they – here – are on good terms.
“We are,” Steve agrees. This might be the most words they’ve said to each other after sex, ever, and it feels awkward but sweet, making little engines twirl in Tony’s stomach.
Her voice echoed in the room, the strident note impossible to ignore. This time, Tony’s hand twitched as he fought the impulse to tap the reactor. There was no immediate need for the armor at the moment, but Ayesha’s nostrils were wide with fury, and Tony remembered Rocket’s words too well to underestimate her:
“Yeah,” Steve says. Tony hears him picking up something inside the closet, probably a pair of sneakers. “I thought we could order some food, watch a movie. We’ve been going out so much lately.”
Still, the lack of responsive noises eventually become too much for Tony, who finishes cradling two-month-old Dorota (his undeniable favorite) and places her back in her crib.
The dog raised his head slowly, seeming hesitant. Then, a moment afterwards, his demeanor instantly changed. His tail raised and waved, happily, and he came closer, allowing Steve to pet his nose.
He barely gets to make one or two flicks of his wrist until Tony pulls away, and in a second they’re both turned towards him, both panting but focused. Just that gaze is enough to make Steve feel pinned to the bed.
Steve let himself be carried, throwing his head back, watching things moving past them. Lots of people awwww’ed at them on the way, and Tony played the part of a grumpy owner, refusing to stop for anyone who wanted to pet his cute new Corgi.
custom-made to his personal tastes like a room straight out from
“Oh my God. I knew it – evil. Manipulative.” Tony raised his finger accusingly. “I cannot believe I fell for your treacherous ways. You are supposed to be a model of virtue. A paragon. What do you have to say for yourself?”
“Dancing! Yeah. Dancing…” His hand closes a little awkwardly, then goes back to his pocket. “That’s. That’s definitely. A thing. That people, uh, do—at a lot of other settings, I suppose, but, yeah, at weddings, too.” He swallows, and Steve notices he’s turned entirely towards him now. “I mean, obviously, if… if they want to.”
Tony nods, slowly. He clasps his hands behind his back. “No worries,” he says. Steve’s eyes dart to his lips - should they kiss? Would kissing be an acceptable way to say goodbye? “I need to find Rhodey, too.”
“That,” Steve says, and—his crinkled eyes seem especially bright and blue, but maybe it’s the angle, “sounds like a great idea.”
As he waits, Tony watches Steve.
Rogers doesn’t say anything, only watches him in silence. Howard finishes his drink and pours himself another one.
“Machines don’t make memes,” Tony says. Then, after a second, he adds: “At least not good ones.”
you? While I was in the bathroom?” Indignation curled up inside him, because what the fuck? Who comes onto someone’s husband like that?
The following dates only consolidated that reality. He and Steve went to the Natural History Museum, to Coney Island, to the Brooklyn Bridge. The city Tony knew since his childhood seemed to gain new life when he was exploring it through Steve’s eyes. Steve had so many stories, and so many interesting insights about how things had or hadn’t changed, that it made Tony feel that New York was, suddenly, the most interesting place in the world. He started to spend most of his time at the Tower, only going to Malibu when Pepper really, really demanded his presence.
Tony isn’t even a dog person, but it couldn’t matter
Steve just stares at him, still waiting, and Tony swallows.
The interior is, like everything else in the compound, exactly like the its real world counterpart. The entry hall is a huge open room that’s usually used for sparring, and it’s mostly empty, with the exception of a few weight racks and one lonely figure who turns towards the door as Tony comes inside.
Steve twirls the beer in his hand then drinks from it, walking around, trying not to stay in the same place for long. He tells himself he’s looking for something to do, but that’s a flatout lie. He knows exactly what - or
Steve, of course, does.
“So did I.” Tony finger-guns in his direction. His movements are just the slightest bit slower, but it’s a glaring difference from his usual precise franticness. Steve hates it. “But I thought—I mean, it seemed like a good idea.” At Steve’s gaze, he adds: “Oh, come on, Cap. It’s a funeral. Let me assure you: people drink at those.”
Steve stares at him for a moment, and then he gets it. “He’s not going to mind,” he says.
“Yeah,” he says. When he smiles like that, a dimple shows up in his cheek.
Guilt curled in Steve’s chest, but he couldn’t bring himself to argue. He wouldn’t have minded nearly as much if it was Bruce seeing his naked torso. It was the thought of Tony’s opinion on his current body that scared him the most.
“It’s not a funeral,” Steve replies. This isn’t how he envisioned finding Tony here at all, and he doesn’t like anything about the situation, from Tony drinking to his weak smile to the strange, distant melancholy in his eyes. “It’s a wedding.”
When Tony dies, Steve has his arms around him, Tony’s head resting on his chest in a hospital bed. It’s not the first time Steve has held his body, but it hurts just as much.
“Thank you,” Steve cuts him off, because he feels as if he should thank him, at least for trying. “But I don’t think it’d be a good idea, Tony. I’d only hurt someone’s feet, even if you managed to find me a partner.”
Howard doesn’t answer. Instead, he drinks, under Rogers’ watchful gaze.
From the wounded look on Steve’s face, Tony’s tension doesn’t go unnoticed. “Are you sure everything's okay?”
Tony hums approvingly. “Can we nap now?”
“Cap, I’m trying to help you out. Maybe this is not the best idea, considering how the other times I did this went, but—” Tony cut himself off, a little disturbed at the bitterness in his voice. “Anyway, what I mean is, if you have a secret fantasy about hooking up with one of the people who dress up as statues in Times Square, this is the moment.”
His words sound ridiculous to his own ears, but something he says must go over well, because Tony’s expression grows softer, and his mouth curls in a small smile. “That’s probably a good idea,” he says. “Walking down the hallway naked is one way to ensure you never get another invitation.” He nods towards a pile of clothing on the other side of the bed. “Your shirt is in there.”
As Natasha leans over to whisper something in Tony’s ear, his eyes find Steve’s, over her shoulder. Steve, taken aback, thinks Tony will just look away, but instead he stares for a moment too long, brown eyes intense even from that distance.
“I already told you,” Steve grunted. Then, after a second, he added, “You don’t have to sleep on the floor.”
to be looking over Tony’s shoulder, even if that seems less and less likely as those blue eyes never snap away from him as Steve comes closer and closer and—
“I was just looking,” Steve says, his eyes landing on the point of contact between his and Tony’s shoulders. They’re so close now they’re basically leaning against each other, and Tony is about to retreat and mumble an excuse to leave and save himself the embarrassment, when Steve adds: “It’s nice. That—that you don’t mind me sharing things.” Then, to Tony’s bafflement, he comes closer and leans his head on Tony’s shoulder. “There’s so much to catch up on. Sometimes it’s nice to—to feel like I’m in the loop for a change.”
He was a moment too late to raise the shield, and, if the ray had been a laser, he would most likely be dead by now.
The first time it happens, it’s not the smartest thing Tony’s ever done. In fact, to be precise, it’s a little dangerous, reckless and - fine - maybe more than a bit stupid.
“Come on, Cap, you can’t do this to me,” he said, turning around. Steve was still lying down, his tongue sticking out happily as if it was all a funny game. His small body panted, chest coming up and down against the sidewalk, and Tony tilted his head. “Wait—are you tired?”
Tony doesn’t remember ever seeing Steve that happy.
“You know.” Steve shrugs, but he doesn’t sound casual at all. “Just… being together. I.” He swallows, his eyes snapping to the ceiling. “I thought, I dunno, that you’d find it a little cheesy.”
They start out swaying. Steve is tense, his posture stiff, and for a second he wonders if this was a terrible idea.
Tony still somehow has it in him to do a little eyebrow wriggle in response, but then another sneeze forces him to focus and follow Steve’s lead. He puts on the sweatpants, and Steve stands up for a moment to size up the result.
And Tony may not want this love, but Steve wants him to be loved. He wants him to be loved by someone who’s worthy, someone who doesn’t tense up at the slightest touch, someone who isn’t scared to make Tony love him back.
“My what?” he says, only now digesting Tony’s words. The corner of Tony’s mouth twists in a lopsided grin.
It’s unclear if it works, but Tony nods, slowly, and Steve smiles.
, he wasn’t insane in his first immediate impression – the man in front of their door is really Tony.
(It would be hard, Tony thought, when the farce was over, and he had to get used to the fact that he
Tony has a very detailed, well thought-out plan in his mind when he goes to meet Steve in the living room. It’s a step by step plan of how their conversation will go, and it’s a remarkable show of emotional openness and maturity, almost a masterpiece of communication.
“Here, let’s ask.” Tony holds his shoulder and turns him to where the other Tony –
“I swear, I don’t know how you do it, man,” Sam whispers. He accepts the handkerchief Steve offers him, though, pressing it to his eyes. “I’d say you’re like a robot, but even the
“Thank you,” he whispers.
Stark’s friendly floating…
Steve looks at Tony and grins.
The door of the throne room always makes a sound when it opens. It’s unnecessarily big and impossible to ignore, designed to make whoever enters through it seem as important as possible.
Again and again.
at about the height of Steve’s head.
“No,” Tony says, his cheeks flushing.
Steve’s smile is
Tony chuckles softly.
? he forced himself to think, as he followed Stark to the living room. He wasn’t doing anything inappropriate.
Steve smiles.
.” He pretty much chokes out, his voice strangled, the pet name on his lips sounding like a parody of Steve’s silky, sweet tone.
Two nights later, at dinner, he turns towards Tony and asks: “Do you want to marry him?”
“Clearly,” the other Tony says with an indulgent smile, his eyes still on Steve, wandering down from his face to his chest. Warmth descends over Steve’s body, following his gaze. “I don’t blame you though, darling,”—he stops at the front of Steve’s pants, where Steve’s undeniable arousal forms a clear tent, and moistens his lips. “You obviously had much more interesting things to think about.”
When he gets inside the storytelling room, he immediately understands what’s wrong.
“Have you ever done this before?” Tony asks.
And to bring Steve closer, too. Okay, maybe mostly for that.
He’s shocked to find himself in his workshop. For a moment, he wonders if their plan failed, but the absence of both Rhodey and Bruce lets him know this is not the real world.
Steve’s eyes search his face nervously ― Tony can see, from the corner of his eye, the walls appear wavy, slightly out of focus, though not as glitched as before ― but then Steve nods, walking inside as if he was waiting for Tony’s permission.
“You,” he stutters, and Tony raises his head. Steve is staring at him as if he said something unfathomable. “You—did?”
“No, this is where I tell you to stop trying to derail me from my point.” Rhodey leans in, stern face that tells Tony he’s about to get laughed at. “Which is: people in the dark ages were getting more action than you are now.”
“I didn’t know,” Tony hears him saying, and it’s the hesitance in his voice that makes him alert. “Uh. I didn’t know you liked this… sort of thing.”
, he thought, unable to move.
“There
As Steve feels the hard length of Tony moving inside him, he loses track of his own words, his mouth a mess of sounds and noises, out of his control. Tony’s head sinks on his neck, his lips whispering a million praises mixed with aimless swears, as he gains traction. Steve marvels at his breathless state, at the mess of the usually so sharp man he knows. “So good, baby—God, I fucking knew it, knew you’d feel
“Shh,” he whispers, when Steve stutters that they should talk. They’re not good at talking, and right now, for their luck, they don’t
There’s something else.
Steve frowned, still not fully convinced. “Look, there’s no time to lose. The more we stand here talking, the further away he gets, and something bad might happen.”
There’s a moment of silence, where Tony studies Steve’s face. His eyelashes, his beard. The freckle under his eyebrow Tony has never noticed before, despite having silently watched that face for so many years. It’s the tiniest freckle.
“Like I said,” Steve’s voice sounded icy with fury. “Enough. You’re completely out of line here, High Priestess. I—I thought you’d respect my relationship if I shared with you our—our history.” His hands clenched into fists at his sides. Tony wondered if he wasn’t looking at him at any point to keep the farce authentic, not allowing reality to come through. “But clearly you are not interested in doing that.”
When he kneels, Howard studies him. His blonde hair glimmers in the faint lights of the candles. When he raises his head, blue eyes look up, firm and impossible to read. He’s surprisingly young.
“You can’t sleep on the floor, darling,” Stark argued. The nickname, as always, fueled fire in Steve’s chest, and he wanted to run away and also to fight Stark at the same time. “Come on. I owe you.”
He feels Tony’s hand on his hair, lowering to stroke his cheek, and he turns his face to press a kiss to it. He knows he must be a mess, flushed and sweaty with his lips still puffy and glistening from Tony’s slick, but apparently Tony doesn’t mind, because his mouth descends on Steve’s in a deep kiss. Steve’s lips part obediently, letting Tony’s tongue coax the kiss slow but through, as if Tony wants to taste himself in every part of Steve’s mouth.
,” Tony repeats. “It would only make him more popular, and you know it.”
“Hey!” Tony protests. “Come on—if this is a party, what reason do I have to not drink?”
didn’t fly inside the apartment, which Steve appreciated, because the dogs were already freaking out enough without finding one of their own who could defy gravity. They all got used to each other pretty quickly, though, with only Lola choosing to stay away while giving Steve a look of deep, wounded betrayal.
The room erupts into questions.
Except that, well.
– feels like something completely different from what he and Tony are doing right now, not even in the same stratosphere. “Just—once.”
“We. We should discuss a strategy.” Steve’s mouth moved as he spoke, lips puffy and offensively red. “For dinner.”
Stark stepped aside, gesturing for Steve to follow him, and as Steve set foot inside the apartment, his face heated. He looked down both sides of the hallway to make sure no one had caught him in the act.
“Sorry for being a mess,” Tony whispers, his chin over Steve’s head. Steve looks up just enough to scowl at him.
But then Steve didn’t kill him, jamming the shield into the reactor instead, and, see, the thing was—sometimes, at night, when he couldn’t sleep thinking of Steve in a distant country, Steve on the run, Steve lying to him, Tony almost wished he had.
Steve doesn’t feel drunk yet, but there's time. He twirls the cup in his hand, standing awkwardly in the spot where Thor and Sif left him.
And Tony is cursed. He will hear the echo of these words for the rest of his life, and every sound he hears from now on will pale in comparison, every song meaningless and weak compared to Steve Rogers’ voice saying he loves him.
“You’re sensitive,” Stark declares when they break apart. Steve can’t bring himself to respond, because Tony’s mouth finds a spot right below his jaw that makes Steve let out an embarrassing noise.
He didn’t even know why he had said that. He wasn’t even
“Here,” he says, stretching the sweater’s head hole to beckon Tony to come closer. He does, and Steve pulls the sweater over his body, enjoying the feel of the wool over Tony’s solid, lean shape. “Take your pants off.”
– you can also, oh, be quite the menace,” he stutters as Steve’s hand goes up and down, palming Stark’s cock over the fabric.
Tony honest-to-God
For a few blissful minutes, the servants’ franticness spared them of the need to make small talk with Ayesha and her two friends. They worked fast, though, and before Tony knew it, the table was set and the group was bowing and retreating, the large metallic door closing automatically as soon as they stepped outside.
“I’m not delusional,” he replies. “He’s going to wake up.”
“SHIELD has informed him we think it’s best if he doesn’t have a Twitter account,” Natasha, who’s there to have lunch with Pepper, says, and even through her supreme spy training Tony can tell she has to try hard to keep an even expression. “For his… reputation.”
With considerable effort, Tony finishes turning on the bed, face falling onto his pillow as he lies on his belly and watches as Steve crouches to – Jesus Christ – tie up
“Now,” Tony says, turning to the kids and sitting down. He tries to not get too hung up on to the fact that the chair is much more comfortable to him than it probably was to Steve. “Who wants to tell me where the story stopped?”
time – stung, a reminder of a time where this was the only voice Tony seemed to have to talk with him. They had been past that for a while, now –
, Tony quickly completes. His stomach turns, but he tries to ignore it.
Steve is still next to him, though not spooning him exactly. He still has one arm over Tony, in a clumsy, but so casual gesture of intimacy that it makes it hard for Tony to think of what he will do now, what is his next step.
Tony clenches his fists so tight his hands hurt.
Barnes, as expected, seems confused. “After what?”
“I was late.” He leans back on the table, mimicking Steve and putting his hands in his pockets. His elbow brushes Steve’s forearm at the movement.
“Just one?” Tony raises a single eyebrow, tilting his head back as he studies Steve as if he’s said something really intriguing. The white collar of his shirt contrasts with his tanned skin.
“This should be interesting,” Howard states. The wine is a bit on the sweet side for him, he decides. His eyes dart to the door, already wondering—the last bottle the Romanoffs sent, had he finished it? And if not, where had it gone? Perhaps on the last cabinet of the kitchen, the one Happy kept locked at his request…
, Tony thinks, smiling a little. Steve sleeps here, too. Sometimes.
“Steve,” Tony heard himself saying. He had stood up at some point and his hand climbed from Steve’s forearm to his shoulder. He wasn’t sure of what he was going to say – he wanted Steve to focus on leaving, on planning an escape if it was necessary. He didn’t want Ayesha to keep reminding him of how deluded he was.
“The new design for Rhodey’s HUD? Wasn’t that what you were working on?” Steve asks, and Tony feels a little grateful for a familiar topic. Speaking about work – that’s safe.
He doesn’t finish this sentence, because Tony steps forward, grabs his shirt and pulls him into a deep, long kiss.
Steve’s jaw was set, his throat so tense Tony thought he’d pull a muscle. Tony raised an eyebrow.
“Can I ask you something?” he hears himself saying.
Steve smiled, and the dog gave a few soft licks to his hand. His tongue hung from his mouth when he finished, and his eyes crinkled as Steve pet his head and he leaned further into his touch.
It’s… oddly comforting, to see Tony in such cuddly clothes. Steve kind of wants to wrap a blanket around him, which, now that he’s thinking about it, might actually be a good idea.
When they finally got to the entrance hall, right before the stairs, Steve lowered his hood, panting. Stark, next to him, was similarly winded, as well as completely soaked. “Jesus,” he said, leaning forward and placing his hands on his knees. “What
They stay in silence for a moment, Howard chewing on his food. At one point, Tony opens his mouth to speak, but Howard cuts him off, standing up and deciding he’s done handling Tony today.
There’s a long stretch of silence before Tony replies, his voice small: “I don’t want to rule anything.”
“Yes, you are,” Steve counters, voice so fond Tony momentarily forgets how to form words. “But I thought you and Ms. Potts were still together. And even if you weren’t… I mean. Fella like you,” Steve looks down for a moment, leaving Tony to marvel at the fact that his eyelashes cast tiny shadows. “Didn’t think you’d be interested.”
Steve looks at him, and a shiver goes down his spine. This is a Tony he’s never touched.
“Great. And those heroes,” Stark paused, as if to choose his words carefully. “They were demigods. They weren’t normal human beings.” His eyes found Steve’s, brown and bright. “And neither are you. You, Steve Rogers, was chosen.”
It seems to work – a pleasant shadow comes between the bed and the evil sunlight, and Steve leans closer to him. Tony can’t fully see his face in the dark, but he feels his strong, warm hand cupping his face and the soft press of lips against his cheek.
“Don’t worry about it,” he says, coming closer. He’s sweaty from whatever workout he was doing, so thankfully he keeps his body away from Tony, leaning forward to lightly press his lips on Tony's forehead. “Not like I didn’t know what I was getting into when I married you,” he adds, a playful spark in his eyes, and Tony’s heart rushes pathetically in his chest in response.
And Tony—see, this is why they should have talked. They should have talked, and they should have done it
Steve had a lot of experience fighting with Tony. He knew what Tony looked like while angry—his eyes ablaze, his mouth throwing sharp quips meant to hurt instead of distract. He knew what Tony looked like while hurt—his eyes glimmering, his voice shaking ever so slightly as he whispered,
“No. Only when me and Dummy fight.” His lips curled into what seemed almost like a pout. “And, mind you, what counts as a
It was a wise choice. The cat escaped the apartment enough already – Steve had lost count of how many times he came across the furry thing in the hallway, or even, once, down the fire escape stairs.
The Steve in front of him right now, the Steve who’s apparently living a happy fantasy in his head – Tony doesn’t know him.
Howard raises an eyebrow in response.
Steve almost jumps when a few notes of music start playing. It’s not loud, just enough to fill in the background sounds. When he calms down, it’s pleasant, though, and he feels his nerves easing a little as Tony comes closer.
there.” His grin grows even more. “The kids loved you, and I can’t blame them. I, uh,” he lowers his eyes, a little bashful. “I might’ve sneaked in a little to watch some of the story. And you were just…” He takes a breath and shakes his head, as if Tony is something foreign, special, and not a face he’s grown used to seeing every day. “You were just great.”
“So what I want to say is that even if our story is not the, uh, most traditional, me and Tony—uh, my husband,” Steve continued, blinking rapidly, seemingly remembering the situation they were in. “We’re happy. And I—”
There’s what he
“Okay, that’s enough,” a voice said, and Steve looked up to find the man who had been following him a couple of nights ago. It took Steve a moment to recognize him, though, because the man was sharply dressed in a fancy suit unfit for a dog park, unlike the casual clothing Steve had seen him in before. Only when he noticed the sunglasses hanging from his collar, did Steve realize it was the same person.
Then Tony’s gaze lands on Steve, and, look—he can’t help it. Even after almost a year, he’s still not fully used to the idea that he gets to call this man his husband. Right now, positioned in the most uncomfortable way in a chair that’s about five sizes too small, holding a tiny children’s book in his hands and frowning as if trying very hard to convey all the nuances of the storytelling with his voice, Steve is just the most adorable thing Tony’s ever seen, beating even sweet Dorota, whose drool is still on Tony’s shirt.
fine,” Steve countered. “If he went through the gate, he could be anywhere. The streets are full of cars, he could get hurt!”
“I--” Steve cut him off, then swallowed. “I think you’re right, and there’s a lot we need to talk about, but…” He sighed. Stark’s words sent shivers of excitement over him, but afterwards, the sheer exhaustion from everything else in that crazy day had replaced it. “But I think we should leave that to next morning.”
“My specialties.” Tony gives him a thumbs up, then turns towards Rhodey again. “Watch over us, buddy.”
“You’re doing this
sincerely worried that just his presence could tip Steve off to the fact that this wasn’t his dream world.
lately?” Steve opened his mouth to reply sharply, but Stark raised a finger at him. “I get that you’re not a fan, but a few things happened early this year that even you must have heard of.”
Tony stays quiet for a second. Howard almost sighs in frustration. Tony enjoys putting on the face of a bigger man, but there’s little about him that isn’t tainted by youthful foolishness. He’s entirely too transparent and yet believes he isn’t – a combination that invites danger.
“Listen to me,” he says, and the fondness must slip into his voice, of course it does, because confusion shows up in Steve’s expression. “Since I’ve got here, I’ve been trying to understand this place, this scenario your mind dreamed up. I wanted to figure out what was different here, to get us to this. And I finally get it, now. It’s you. You’re different.”
“Just—all over,” Steve replied without thinking, then quickly added: “On my back, I mean.”
Steve clenched his jaw. He wanted to deny it, but it would be too obvious a lie, and he didn’t want to give Stark a reason to keep prodding. “Yeah,” he grunted. “But it’s fine. I’ll—I’ll call a locksmith.”
being really, really fucking hopelessly in love with Steve. To be honest, he was starting to feel a little lost under those different layers of lies.
Tony’s arms tighten around him. Steve thinks he shivers, but it might be just an impression. “You’re welcome. Thank you for being you.” The words float between them, Steve’s heart swelling, and maybe Tony catches on the weight of it, because he adds: “Now, how about we get some sleep?”
about it, of course (they’re bad at talking). Instead, when Tony leaves for good, he gets into a ramble about working things out with Pepper, maybe buying her a farm, and Steve’s eyes seem sad but also somewhat accepting, as if he, too, knows this is how it’s supposed to be.
“Sorry,” he had to say, then, when the tension between him and Steve got too thick to ignore, even for someone on the outside. “We kind of just bounced bad from a really messy divorce.”
Tony locks his jaw. “
Tony doesn’t feel angry, not anymore, not like in the bunker. The anger in the bunker had been all-powerful in the moment, but Tony came to almost miss it later, when time allowed the hurt to truly set in. Then, he’d get down to thinking about Steve’s actions, thinking of the
Tony had thought about it (by God, had he thought about it) but anytime he thought he could take the initiative, something on Steve’s demeanor would seem to stiff, too skittish, and then it wouldn’t seem like a very good idea.
Tony lets out a pleased little noise that Steve enjoys probably more than he should, his cheeks heating and fodness curling low in his belly. He lets go of Tony’s feet to pick up the towel over Tony’s shoulders and take it over his head, his movements a little clumsy over Tony’s hair. He’s making a mess of it, but at least it isn’t dripping water anymore.
asked me to—”
faulty lungs, swimming in his battle suit, and Tony and Thor had flown in, and they both seemed to focus more on the fact that he was alive than anything else.
If somebody asked Tony what would happen the next time he and Steve saw each other, he’d say they would fight.
Except… well. There’s the third theory.
“Stop moving your arm so much,” he whispered to Steve, when they took the first steps off of the landing pad, trying to get used to walking in a cohesive rhythm. And—okay, fine, maybe he was all too aware of how sweaty his palm was against Steve’s warm, big hand and he really, really wanted Steve to not notice it—but, also, he was a little bit annoyed. Steve looked like he was walking to the guillotine, his gaze firmly forward, jaw set in a tense, serious line. Not only was he failing to pretend he was in love with Tony, he was failing to pretend he could even tolerate him. So, yeah, Tony was annoyed, and he had to poke him a little.
As they rose after the final meeting ended, Steve’s eyes snapped towards Tony, catching him in the middle of what Tony knew was some very blatant staring. Tony felt his cheeks burning and looked away, eyes landing on Ayesha, who had risen from her chair and walked in their direction, much slower than she had to.
Tony never suggested they meet, though, or alluded to that night in any way. Steve wondered what that meant - if the mundane texting was just Tony’s attempt to rekindle their friendship, or if there was something more behind it. He wondered if Tony thought it was an unspoken deal, then, that what they did in Wakanda could happen more times - or, alternatively, if it wouldn’t ever happen again at all. It was hard to say. None of Tony’s texts sounded remotely flirty, but Steve can’t help but wonder - there are shades of grey between a relationship and a one night stand, and the thought of feeling Tony’s hands on him again is too tempting for him to not even hope.
“It’s a deal.”
“He’d do anything for you,” he says instead, because he can’t help it, he needs to say something.
Barnes is staring at him with a half-amused expression, and Tony can imagine: his face is probably funny right now. Doesn’t matter – he’s taken over by a bizarre and undeniable hope, along with sheer want to just
Steve sits on the stool opposite Tony on the kitchen island. He fiddles with his hands. “They, uh… They seemed really… relieved.”
There’s a small pause that makes Tony want to puke.
Steve can’t help but smile. Having finished opening Tony’s shirt, he raises his hand to Tony’s face, gently cupping his cheek: “There are lots of lines in New York,” he says, even though he knows for a fact that if Tony had ever used the subway more than, maybe, once in his life, he wouldn’t find it hard. He keeps this knowledge out of his tone, though; the difference in their upbring is always jarring when it rears its head like this, and he knows it makes Tony feel uncomfortable and guilty, even though it’s not really his fault. “It can be complicated.”
be real.
“I see the catering was a hit with you,” an unmistakable voice startles him from behind.
“I spent a lot of time thinking about… all that happened. About you,” Tony pressed on. He didn’t want Steve to speak, at least not yet. He had a feeling if Steve spoke, he’d never manage to say what he wanted to. “I was… I was really angry at you for a while. I imagine you were at me, too. ‘s only fair. The whole thing was a mess from start to finish, and I—I should’ve listened to you. About the Accords, and everything.” Tony took his hand to his neck, rubbing it. “And…”
Because he really, really couldn’t. It hadn’t even been ten months since he had taken Anakin in—Lola had taken her time getting used to him, and Steve himself had literally
He hasn’t yet drunk today. Sometimes, he does this – spends hours on end without touching one drop of alcohol, proudly asking for water at lunch and taking momentary delight in the surprised expressions of the servants. It’s almost a joke; a game he plays with his own thirst, ignoring it as much as he can until it finds him in bed, inevitably, when he lays his head at his pillow and remembers the smell of Maria’s hair.
This gets him a half-laugh, Steve’s eyes sparkling with something resembling hope, and that’s it, Tony’s done. Even though both of them are a mess of tears and snot, he presses his mouth against Steve’s in the sloppiest, saltiest kiss of all time, probably, but it doesn’t matter because it’s Steve mouth and it feels so good. Tony doesn’t care—he’d kiss Steve everywhere, anytime, and now that he can do exactly that, it’s not gonna be some gross bodily fluids that are gonna stop him.
“Only after marriage,” Tony replies, pretending to be distracted by a loose thread on the table’s linen. He doesn’t need to look to know Rhodey rolls his eyes.
Steve’s blush is so precious that it almost makes up for Tony not being able to kiss him. Almost.
As Tony and Bruce climb out of the lab, the sound that echoes in the room is so foreign that it takes Tony a moment to realize it’s a laugh, and one more moment to realize it’s Steve’s.
Tony spends a while drawing armor schematics in the sand for the mini Bartons, until they get tired and decide to go ask “Aunt Nat” for piggyback rides.
Steve walked to him. As soon as his eyes landed on the crate, his heart broke; the dog was probably a medium-sized stray, but he seemed much smaller because of how curled up in the far corner of the crate he was. His bright blue eyes seemed sad and scared, his whines growing louder by the minute.
, Steve thought, way too forceful for his own liking. He shut his eyes, not wanting to deal with the darkness around him. Even though Stark wasn’t looking at him – was going to his bedroom, if the distance in the sound of his steps was any indication - he felt exposed, as if he had been humiliated.
Tony swallowed. Clearly, Steve had elaborated a little on their lie – and thrown some truth in the mix as well. All things considered, it wouldn’t be a bad choice, if it managed to make Ayesha—
It is, apparently, the right thing to say, because Tony’s smile grows to blinding levels before he immediately snaps the phone back from his pocket and launches into a rant about the wave emitting tech that would be necessary for such a system and the algorithms one would need to create it.
“I’m—” Tony is interrupted by a shiver, complete with teeth chatter. Steve, only sort of panicking, throws the towel around him, bringing Tony closer to the center of his living room. “I’m being a good boyfriend,” he finishes.
“Right.” Howard nods, slowly, as he feels the pleasant burn of the liquid down his throat. “You must also know that my son has no manners. He holds very little regard for the rules of royal etiquette.”
Tony shakes his head, but it’s impossible to stop the flow of thoughts as they come in.
They were so not gonna be able to pull this thing off.
To hell with the whispers, he thinks. He can do as he wants.
Steve pauses. Blinks. “What?”
Steve frowns, because his head is starting to ache. Tony –
, coming.” He gestures aimlessly in Barnes’ direction. “You and him, though. You’re… different.”
Stark nodded. “Do you know why?”
than a
“It’s genius,” Steve says, as the account opens. “I was just looking at this one—”
“He got dropped off this morning,” T’Challa said, his always perfectly poised voice betraying a clear hint of disapproval. Then, after a moment, he added, a little softer, “I think he thinks his owner is coming back.”
Tony swallows. This is why it’s so fucking hard, talking to Steve. Everything with Steve is so damn
“Of course,” Tony replied, a little unsettled. “Okay, great talk, always nice to catch up, but, uh, honey?” He gave a little squeeze on Steve’s arm, nodding towards the elevator with what he hoped wasn’t too transparently desperate. “We should go—don’t want to be late for breakfast!”
“Yes, my Lord.”
“’s fine. Quit talking and go to sleep,” was what he ended up saying, and no one could have faulted Stark for losing his patience, but he didn’t. Instead, he chuckled—low, soft—a delicate sound, that Steve distantly thought he should do more often.
Five seconds, a whole lifetime, just for him to get the chance to look one more time in those eyes. Steve takes the moment to study those irises, the mix of gold and light brown and a few, small traces of green.
– going out for a movie with Steve, holding his hand, kissing him after the night is over, asking if he wants to come up to the penthouse… If you ask Tony, there’s an entire universe of distance between these two ideas. They’re barely in the same astral plane.
“Hi, okay, so, I’m just gonna grab two of these, thank you.” He reaches for the tray before the man has a chance to offer anything and grabs two champagne flutes. “Stick around, I’m definitely gonna need you again tonight.” He pats the man on the shoulder, conspiratorial. “Bring something stronger.”
Okay, fine, so maybe it wasn’t the history and the culture Tony found interesting. Whatever.
“I need to talk to you,” he bursts out instead. Steve, sitting on the couch, raises an eyebrow, but nods encouragingly towards the spot next to him.
Steve inhales sharply. Of course, he thinks. This is the one Tony chose to have – not a need carved out by the threat of shrapnel. It’s Tony’s heart, built from his own hands, shiny and wonderful, on display in his chest to the entire world. The entire world, including Steve, who gets to touch it, to see it closely.
be heading out – it was only his unusually messy hair that convinced Steve that the man had probably been sleeping.
“What?”
“Love, my lord,” Rogers’s smile fades, his brow furrowing slightly. “I meant love.”
pull Steve into bed and find out what sounds he makes when he’s coming apart. But it’s just a quick, delirious moment, and it’s immediately replaced with shame that he would even consider that, that he’d go so low as to feel tempted to take advantage of Steve like this.
. “Are you going to just stand there?”
Tony swallows. “Thank you,” he says, and his voice is too soft, fragile as if it’s made of glass.
“Okay,” Steve whispers, his voice giddy and his eyes sparkling, and Tony feels like he’s cheating the world, for being the only person who gets to see this. This smile should be broadcasted on Times Square. For world peace.
Steve’s eyes went wide, and, for the first time, he felt nothing but sympathy for the man in front of him. “I’m sorry.”
“Okay, so, anyway, Sinatra kind of worked. And I thought, I mean, I wanted to… I wanted to talk to you. So I thought I’d text you – keep it very casual, low pressure, nothing that could scare you off – and just… keep it going. Slowly.” His face is all flushed now, and he’s panting, breathless, as if the effort to speak is really big. “And, again, it kind of worked. But then it didn’t, and, look, I’m overextending myself over here, right? But I just felt that, that I really needed to say it, all at once, so everything is on the open. All the cards on the table, that sort of thing.”
was definitely a word their people didn’t know), following Ayesha, who, to be fair, did walk fast when there was already a red carpet in front of her. Small blessings.
Right now, though – yeah, he’s not angry. Mostly he’s just… confused, still feeling the lingering touches of Steve on his skin.
have the right to touch Steve casually like that.)
Steve smiles.
Time goes by fast. For all that Tony complains, really, he loves those children. They’re so ridiculously
“Hey.” Tony takes his free hand to Steve’s shoulder, tries to make his voice as sincere as possible. “Not sure how this brilliant strategic mind of yours managed to miss this, but anyone with a brain would be interested in you. And I can guarantee this has nothing to do with the serum – not only because you were already pretty hot before, if sepia toned photographs are anything to go by, but because you’re just—you. I mean, crap, I could barely believe it when you agreed to go out with me. I almost rented out the Louvre just because I wanted the place to be good enough for you.” Steve’s mouth falls open, and, okay, Tony is rambling now, he should just stop talking, but he can’t. “Uh, okay, I didn’t mean to say that, so maybe you could just ignore it, but anyway, my point is, you’re just… really, really great.”
Howard, who wouldn’t stand for such a reply from any other servant, laughs and shakes his head. Jarvis has always had too much of a soft spot for Tony. He spoils him terribly, always has done so.
“’Morning,” Tony grunts in response, without moving.
And then Steve’s thumb strokes his hand, moving slightly to interlace their fingers together, and Tony’s brain just shuts down, because.
The song changes to a slower melody Steve doesn’t recognize. Tony adjusts almost immediately, pulling Natasha closer and turning their small show into a slow, steady sway. His lips curl in a smile, his laugh lines evident in his cheeks. It’s not his wedding, but it could be, from the amount of presence he hands to every step he takes. He makes it seem so easy it could almost be rehearsed, but there’s a natural quality to his every movement, perfectly in tune with the rhythm, almost as if the music was made just for him.
the reactor. He loves the faint blue glow that comes from it, loves the fact that Tony’s heart is so huge and so bright it needs to be plastered on his chest for the entire world to see.
By the time they finished eating, Steve was already getting used to calling Stark “Tony.”
“Fair enough.” Steve raises his flute, and the way Tony looks at him makes him feel as if he already drank, sending a pleasant, warm feeling down his chest that makes him grin. “To Vision and Wanda.”
He takes advantage of the little break to look around. Clint and Natasha are enjoying the sea, and maybe Tony should have been surprised this idea came from them of all people, but then again, maybe not. Bruce is sitting on a towel under an umbrella, along with Clint’s wife. Tony would be worried that he’s not having fun, but, according to him, the other guy finds the ocean strangely calming.
“Anyone on a throne already shares it, my Lord, with the people they lead.” He takes a short breath. “But to answer your question directly: yes. Yes, I’d be ready to… share it with Tony.”
But he knew how that would look, from the outside. That was Stark’s usual M.O., wasn’t it? With all those men he brought home – men who carried themselves differently, poised as if they were important people, passing by Steve in the hallway as if he was a stain on the wall. Stark would look at them and smile that leering smile, call them
Steve rubbed the back of his neck. “I… suppose so,” he admitted. “I always thought I had a way with dogs, and people talked about it, but I never thought it was something…”
Steve’s nostrils widened as he took a breath sharpened by fury. “
Then Steve feels the lightest touch of skin against his now sensitive entrance – the tip of Stark’s erection, that slides inside Steve so fast he gasps, choking on Tony, his eyes going hot with the overwhelming pressure and heat. Even with all the fingering, he still feels himself stretch painfully, and he’s dizzy by how much he loves the sensation of being opened up like that.
, this is too fast. He forces his body to move closer. He’s unable to mimic any of Steve’s affection towards him, though, only raising his hand and setting it on one of his wide shoulders awkwardly. “Yeah. No… no worries. I just really need, need some sleep, sweet—
“Hello to you too, Cap.” He raises the glass he’s holding in a toasting motion. Steve notices the emptiness, clenching his jaw. “Oh, relax.” Tony waves him off. “It’s only my second one.”
“I,” he manages, as Tony takes another step forward, his hand a silent question. “I don’t—”
Still. Five seconds. This piece of time; this tiny, miniscule piece of time that won’t matter to anyone else, this… this is what Steve's lifetime amounts to, and he intends to spend it as he wants.
Music plays loudly, but Steve doesn’t even recognize the language the song is being sung in. He’s near a window, hearing battle stories from Thor and Sif, when a fight breaks out in the opposite corner of the room and both of them have to go break two drunk Asgardians apart.
, and how could Steve say no?
“I’m just saying. Maybe someone less… affected, could be able to see a bigger picture you might be missing.”
. Then, after a moment, he adds:
They stay in their subtle sway, even when the song changes. After a while, Tony helps him take a few simple steps. He takes his hand to Steve’s chest and helps him to move within the rhythm; then he holds Steve’s hand, takes it over his head and helps Steve spin him and pull him back in. And he grins brightly the entire time.
Tony doesn’t respond.
Steve is lying on a table, eyes closed, with the exact same expression Tony saw two days ago. He’s still in his uniform, though the upper part is open, where Tony had to place electrodes on his chest to check his heart rate. His arms are lying on his sides, an IV in the vein of his wrist.
He doesn’t sound displeased by the idea, so Tony forces himself to shrug with one shoulder. “…Yeah? I mean, at least I thought…”
When Tony turns to close the door, he fumbles a little with his keycard, dropping it. “Shit,” he blurts, picking it up. Steve’s eyes are drawn to his rear, to the way his wool pants evidence his thighs. His face burns, and he looks away.
Barnes doesn’t seem to care much. He pours himself more cereal, then extends the box towards Tony, his face a silent question.
“Point being,” Tony continues, “that I’m still a little sore. Later, though – and I do mean
After Steve finds out Dog Rates, it doesn’t take him long to find Thoughts of Dog, which he finds even more delightful. He shows it to Tony during breakfast, sitting next to him on the counter as they go through the tweets together.
The movement was so fast Tony almost tripped as Steve seemed to lose his balance for a moment, stumbling a little backwards. Their noses bumped awkwardly, and Tony quickly adjusted his head. The contact with Steve’s mouth was almost shocking, warm in a way that felt disruptive, confusing.
When he lowers his glass, he realizes all the eyes are on him, waiting for permission to continue the conversation. He barely fights back the urge to sigh.
Rhodey scoffs.
was nothing.
When he finishes, Tony’s eyes are closed, and, when Steve steps away to place the comb on a side table, Tony clumsily reaches out for him, shifting the duvet enough that his arm looks like a foreign object, raised awkwardly under the covers.
“Tony—”
“Okay.” He nods in the direction of the workshop’s couch. “I’ll pick up some pillows for you.”
He feels his heart pounding, and tries to calm himself down, aware that an overreaction would only make Steve confused. From Sam’s reaction to his presence, it’s very clear that whatever life Steve is living right now, he and Tony are at least on speaking terms. They’ve maybe never fought, or they made up– maybe dream Tony picked up the phone to call Steve like real Tony had thought of doing so many times, or maybe…
Boy, was that a sentence he never thought would cross his mind before.
Stark didn’t say anything, and the silence stretched long enough for Steve to feel embarrassed. He parted his lips to speak, but then Stark’s hand hovered over him.
“What are you talking about?”
“Here,” he said. Steve opened his eyes, and Stark raised a glass of water to his lips. The side of his body touched Steve’s, and Steve should have pushed him away, he
“What is the matter with my trunks?” Steve’s voice cuts through Tony’s scientific observation. He sounds grumpy, which makes Tony look, because grumpy Steve is really cute, especially when his face is flushed from the sun.
– he’s not usually big on it.”
Around them, Thor and Tony both seem to be regretting their choices as well. Steve doesn’t blame them – it was, to say the least, a surprise when Quill had sent them a video message asking to be his groomsmen. It was a larger surprise when he said he needed them to do it because, when asked, all the Guardians had chosen to be Gamora’s bridesmaids.
“Not yet,” Howard replies. He’d get angry at Tony’s insolence, but it’s too transparent an attempt to derail the conversation to truly get to him. “As I was saying. Iron – one of the finest metals men can find to fight a war with. But it’s not particularly rare or hard to replace. It gets rusty.”
Rogers stays in silence for a second, and then raises an inquiring eyebrow. “Is he promised to her?”
Steve took advantage of the momentary distraction to escape from Tony’s grip, but fuck if Tony was gonna let him off that easy.
It happens in a split second: Tony turns towards Captain America, raises his hand, and fires his repulsor. The blaster goes straight straight to Cap’s shield, raised at precisely the right angle to send some chitauri heads flying off to the sky.
Tony hums, clearly already beginning to doze off, and Steve nestles closer, his head over Tony’s chest. He’s overwhelmed by that same warm, gooey feeling, and his body feels like goo, too, melting against Tony’s.
, what was even the
A muscle clenches in Jarvis’ cheek, but he says nothing. Howard raises an eyebrow.
Both of them grin. Stark pulls at his tie, loosening it before pulling it off in one smooth motion. Then he slips off his jacket, slowly, and it’s a transparent provocation of Steve’s stare, but Steve can’t bring himself to mind.
Steve stayed quiet for a moment, looking down, before his head snapped towards Tony again, as if he was about to shout out battle instructions. “We need to do better.”
Steve can't think. He can only feel the sparks of pleasure Tony’s fingers send down his chest, the warm, wet feel of Tony’s mouth, now at his jaw. “I--” he tries, but it feels impossible to say what he wants aloud, even though he knows it, deep down. Ridiculously, he’s suddenly embarrassed, as if hearing it in his awkward, strained voice would somehow break the spell, somehow change Tony’s mind. He swallows, though, pushes the discomfort away, determined to answer. “I… just…”
Stark walked inside as if he owned the place, throwing himself at Steve’s couch with an exhausted sigh. “Much better,” he said, propping his legs up on Steve’s coffee table.
still echoing in his head, and even though Steve is wearing a wedding ring and kissing Tony, he’s married to someone else—Barnes, Peggy Carter, literally
Still. The nerve.
He hears the door opening as Steve leaves the bathroom, and the sweet smell of shampoo and soap floods the room. Tony inhales deeply and tries to forget that Steve must be changing right next to the bed.
When a low, unmistakable voice starts singing, Steve smiles. “Wouldn’t have pegged you as a Sinatra guy.”
Tony hates this theory. Sometimes, though, he can’t help but think it’s the most believable.
Then the man tilts his head as well, staring at Tony with the same confused but also intrigued look, and there’s no doubt in Steve’s mind, anymore, if there ever was.
Not everything is the same, but some things are.
“And so I want you to know this isn’t—this isn’t, like, an ultimatum or anything. I know it may look like it, I had this whole thing planned in my head but I ended up forgetting it, but I don’t want to give you the wrong idea. I’m… I’m really happy with what we have, right now.”
Then Tony interjects, “Oh, come on, we both know you’re not going to refuse those puppy eyes. Just give it up and come cuddle.”
He closes his eyes, instinctively, because
“Cheers,” Tony says, clinking their glasses, but it’s a far cry from their toast months ago. There’s something incredibly focused about Tony’s eyes as he watches Steve take his sip, something that makes Steve’s tie feel too tight.
But now, that’s clearly not the case. Whatever world Steve dreamed up, it apparently has a place for Tony.
“I’m sorry,” Steve cut him off, sounding pained. “I had to, we don’t know what she could have done.”
Tony pulls Steve’s hand closer to his chest, to the reactor—he can hear Steve’s sharp inhale of breath, but his movement is certain, sure. He wants Steve to touch him there. He wants Steve to touch him everywhere.
Steve lets out a reluctant laugh. “Shut up,” he says, but it comes out more like
He gets a raised eyebrow in response. “Yes? Though, to tell you the truth, the entire process happened quite fast. One minute, I was at home, ready to step inside and have a bath,”—his eyes glance at Steve for a second, sharp and penetrating—“and in the next minute, I was at your… your lab, I assume?”
Fortunately, nobody asked for details about the alleged divorce, so at least Tony and Steve weren’t forced to relive it anytime they were doing small talk with someone with two heads. It would be a lie, though, to say being around Steve all the time didn’t make Tony think about it.
He woke up screaming.
Tony steps forward and takes his hands to Stark’s shirt, unbuttoning with too much hurry to make it seem casual. When he finishes, Stark’s torso is fully exposed, and Steve’s eyes widen; he knows what Tony is going to say before he says it.
Steve took a sharp breath. Tony’s heart jumped in response, and he tensed, suddenly worried about his courage leaving when he needed it the most.
Obadiah nods.
too bad to break this to him slowly. He thinks he might just ruin the whole plan by breaking down right there.
slipping my mind. Except for one thing.” He raised a finger and pointed directly at Steve. “You.”
“Come on, we need to go home.” Tony stood back up again, trying to see if he could win by force. He pulled on the leash and Steve whined and Tony immediately loosened it because he was a goddamn idiot. “Crap, did that hurt?”
Steve hesitated before answering: “You stopped making weapons.”
Stark smiled. “And for good reason. He saved my life, at least that one time.” He clasped his hands as he stared at Steve. “It worked as a wake-up call. I realized I had to stop the trail of blood my dad had passed on to me, in the form of my company. So I changed directions, turning Stark Industries into a giant of the clean energy business.” He took a deep breath. “That’s as far as the general public knows. But I didn’t stop there.”
and… Found yourself thinking of me and
“Definitely.”
“Good?” Tony asks, and the hesitance is his voice is too much. Arousal floods Steve’s every thought, and it feels absurd, downright
Sam frowns, seeming monetarily confused by the question. “Isn’t he training?” He takes his bowl to his lips, sipping his milk. “Thought you said he was supposed to test the magnets on the shield today.”
“I did, yes,” he says, carefully avoiding the question, Howard notices. His mouth curls in a lopsided grin. “Hope Gingerbread is doing all right.”
“A wonderful story.” Ayesha brought her hands together, fingers forming an arch as she looked from Tony to Steve, then back to Tony again. “Captain Rogers told me all about it. How he fought side by side with your father,” Tony, without thinking, looked at Steve, who didn’t look at him. “And then with you. How you fell in love, and then had… your
Okay, so that settled the food question, at least. Tony picked up some salad with his fork while his hand found Steve’s, giving him a calming squeeze.
Stark smiled, slow and knowing. “Anytime, darling.”
“I should...” Steve stammers, still not knowing the proper way to end these encounters. “I need to go find Sam and Bucky.”
“Yeah?” He manages, his breath uneven, blood roaring on his ears. Tony is so close now – leaning towards him, looking at Steve through long lashes, big hand still settled comfortably on Steve’s arm, as if it belongs there. Closer than he’s ever been.
Now, their current position is way too comfortable for Howard to bother with schemes of ascension. But that doesn’t mean he’d turn it down, if it was offered to him on a silver platter, as it seems to be the case.
be. It’s too fickle: they can spend months without touching each other and then fall into bed at the drop of a hat, for unspecified reasons – a look, a flush, a little quirk of Steve’s mouth that’s just impossible to ignore.
“I—I shouldn’t have said that.” Tony’s voice sounded hoarse, every word scratching his throat as he spoke. “I don’t know why I did. Actually, scratch that, I do. I… thought that, at one point. I.” He swallowed. “I’d lie in bed at night thinking that.”
He runs into Tony hours later, when he’s walking back to his room. He meets him in the hallway and they almost bump into each other, Howard losing balance at the startle.
just… But it all fades right after the victorious fight against Thanos, their bodies both reeling with adrenaline, and Tony unable to think of anything that isn’t
with my son. How
Steve winced. Tony wasn’t saying anything to be cruel, he knew, but still,
A part of him misses Tony so much he’s eager to drink in every second of his presence, even by just staring at him from a distance. He knows better, though – he made this choice, and he knows why he did. If he had stayed in the room with Tony, he would never have been able to keep pretending, to not let Tony know he wanted to stay for good.
a little. He looked hurt.
Steve chuckles, shaking his head, and then he gives Tony a look that warms him up to his toes. “
The wine fills the goblet beautifully, it’s redness bringing life to the dull metal surrounding it. “Can I? I was under the impression it was difficult to you to go through the city.”
, he remembered distantly, his lips still sensitive from all the kissing. They were… there.
everywhere for the damn dog, and I, I just can’t deny it anymore.”
“Fine,” he said.
He could hear him crying.
At first, Steve raises an eyebrow, but, after a moment, it hits him. Certainly Tony wasn’t—“You—are you serious?”
Steve’s nod is immediate and solemn, as if of all the things Tony’s said to him, this is the one that makes the most sense. “I do.”
Like a picture going out of focus.
“I’m okay,” he says, although he’s still thrown off by Steve’s words, by the way he keeps staring into Tony's eyes, unafraid and certain. “Really, I was just asking."
Steve, busy being a dog, didn’t reply.
Tony rolls his eyes. He looks like a twelve-year-old, as bratty and as annoying. “I should probably let you go to sleep, before you vomit all over me.”
“Morning,” Barnes grunts, between a mouthful of cereal. Looking now, without the shock from yesterday at the gym, he looks impossibly young. Tony wonders if those are Steve’s memories at play, better prepared to form an image of young Sargent James Barnes than of the deadly Winter Soldier.
to have Steve holding him, his solid and warm presence more comforting and wonderful than anything Tony’s ever felt. His body relaxes against his better judgement, melting against Steve’s in a way that draws an unexpected sigh out of Tony’s lips.
“I don’t know, maybe because you’ve been locked up here for two days?” Rhodey crosses his arms. He’s in his uniform, a sign he’s already dealt with enough shit for today. And he’s been handling a lot of shit to let Tony work on Steve here, instead of handling him over for the CIA to take care of. “Or maybe because you didn’t bother taking any of my calls or answering any of the messages I’ve left you? Take your pick.”
Steve can feel his flush descending to his neck and chest, aggravated by their attention. Stark smiles.
He has no idea what to say, and he isn’t sure if the shock is because of Tony’s absolutely
Steve’s lips were so soft.
shivering now, and, yeah, he wouldn’t mind feeling that again.
“That’s what I’ve been trying to find out,” Tony replies with a smile. “I think I have a guess, it’s in my notes, but I think I’m gonna wait until tomorrow before I give Shuri her bragging rights by asking.” He places the phone back in his pocket, and then shrugs. “Pretty cool, right?”
“Thank you for having me tonight,” he says, before giving a quick, mechanic bow. Then his eyes find Howard’s, blue and cold and yet somehow blazing, as if he can see things Howard doesn’t want him too. “I trust that you will be able to reach the best decision for your son, my lord.”
Steve is right behind him, and when Tony turns to look at him, he seems a little confused by Tony’s escape. His half-smile has faded, and for an irrational moment Tony misses it fiercely. It’s as if someone just turned off the sun.
“We need to do better,” Steve repeated as if Tony was questioning him on their attack formation. “Be more convincing.”
Tony moves, and Steve almost shudders in anticipation, but instead of touching him, Tony extends his hand.
And he’s totally renting out the Louvre this time.
Steve blinks, and there’s a millisecond delay between the movement in both of his eyes, one slightly slower than the other. Impossible to notice unless you were staring at him fixatedly, like Tony is doing right now.
And now, there Tony was, counting Steve’s breaths in the dark, and maybe he had fallen asleep already, because they were beginning to sound—strange.
Stark laughs, humorless. “No. No, we aren’t. I…” He takes a long breath. “I don’t think this would be something he would want.”
“I've got reports to fill.”
“Yesterday,” Steve started, the word seeming to take great effort. Tony could empathize – even the suggestion of discussing what he had done made his heart jump to his throat. “I should’ve said something. I—I heard you.”
Tony says nothing.
him for a while, watching that fucking geeky movie he loves, hearing his laugh and seeing his smile and not thinking he’s not gonna get anything like this in the real world.
, what Tony saw all those years ago in his eyes, when Tony stepped inside a car and out of his life, wasn’t it? He had been… resigned. Tony never knew, and he knows he shouldn’t, because—they should have talked, the two of them. They’re not good at talking, but they should have. “I’m sorry I didn’t—”
“I,” Steve starts, and then cuts himself short with another sigh when Tony adds a little suction to a kiss on his neck. His lips part in that lovely
“You and I, we’re—we’re so bad at talking to each other,” The last part comes out with a choked, small half-laugh. “We suck at it. And then I come here, and I find out that you’re—you’re in love with me.” He’s grinning now, even if his voice wavers as he says the words aloud. “And I had no idea. Maybe I was dumb, but God, all this time, I… I thought you hated me. When you left—I thought you didn’t care about me at all.”
The thought is cruel but tempting, an explanation that doesn’t makes Tony feel like a hurricane is inside his head, and the only thing that stops him from believing it is the memory of Barnes in the gym, Barnes and Steve talking like the best friends they are. Tony is pretty sure no fantasy of his would ever include Barnes in any way.
“Come in,” Tony says, his nerves already acting up. He knows he needs to be more convincing this time, so he lies on the bed and messes up the pillows and covers, as if he’s just woken up from a long nap.
There’s a moment of silence where Steve just stares at him, and Tony feels his face heating and his stomach churning.
Howard pulls his arm out of his hold. The anger is enough to sober him up a little, enough for him to stand up straight and stare down at Tony. “Get out of my way,” he grunts, walking past him.
It’s the endearment that sends an electric current over Steve’s body, and he can’t, just
The thought hits Steve like a brick on the back of his head. He shifts in place, his mind a mess, unable to follow its usual course of thoughts, inebriated by Tony’s presence. The casual talk, the closeness, the excessive friendliness – is Tony flirting with him? The idea sends a rush through his whole body, but he—he isn’t sure; and, even if it is true, he doesn’t know what to say, how to reciprocate. The only thing that comes to his mind, clear and desperate, is what he can’t say:
“’Morning,” Steve whispers, more kissing than talking as he pulls Tony closer again, drowning in brightness.
Stve barely manages to focus enough to start sucking, however, because in the next second Stark’s finger is entering him, and it’s barely stretching him, not nearly
“Are you drunk?” Tony asks, but it’s with a weak sneer.
He decides not to dwell on that too much.
His words were cut off by a light popping noise, like a balloon.
“It does,” Steve agreed immediately. He angled his head a little, leaning further until their foreheads were touching. “I have this problem where I talk a lot.”
The loud roar of thunder made Steve’s stomach sink. He was now two streets away from the park, and he could easily get home without getting caught in the rain, but what about the dog? Could he have found shelter somewhere? Or would he be walking alone and terrified as the water drenched his fur?
“We can talk more in the morning,” Tony suggests. In the suggestion there are a bunch of other words being said –
He was so tremendously stupid.
He finds Tony by himself, in an emptier part of the hall. He standing with his hands in his pockets, staring firmly at anything but Steve, and Steve wants to touch him so badly.
“The link worked,” Tony breathes, and Steve finally remembers. The multiverse experiments.
“Yeah.” Tony felt his eyes burning a little, just a little, because that was what happened when you stared too closely at the sun. “So, I heard habits are just—just a matter of practice. Uh. Very, very constant practice.” Steve’s grin widened, and yeah, that was as far as he could take without going back to the kissing. “So maybe we should just, just—”
Next to the pictures, there’s a pair of reading glasses Tony recognizes as his, a tablet, a pen, and a newspaper wrapped with the crosswords half-done. Tony has never done the crosswords in his life.
When the one-eyed dog limped across the street to him, Steve’s only thought was:
“Oh, yes.” Howard grins and snaps his fingers. “Of course. How could I not remember a kid who once worked on the stables ages ago? I obviously have nothing better to think about.”
Tony smirks. “Thought I was the one who talked too much,” he says, before diving in to Stark’s mouth. Stark is pushed back a little, and Steve can imagine what he’s feeling, knowing full what it’s like to receive one of Tony’s hungry, demanding kisses. Want curls inside his chest, and it only grows as Stark quickly recovers, his hands flying to Tony’s ass and pulling him against his – God, Steve can barely catch a glimpse, but even then the tent in the front of Stark’s pants is enough to make his mouth water.
In a way, he almost expects to walk into a honeymoon suite, so it’s a relief to see his old king size bed, his desk filled with documents, the platinum TV across the room. Tony takes a deep breath.
), his opinion on airplane food (
Tony distantly hears a sound he guesses must be Barnes’ laugh, but he couldn’t look away even if the man had a gun pointed to his head, because Steve’s hand slides down from Tony’s hair to take his wrist, and he lifts Tony’s hand to his face and presses a light kiss on his knuckles. Steve actually fucking closes his eyes to do it, as if it’s really important to feel Tony’s dry skin against his mouth, as if even the lightest brush is enough for him to want to dwell on it.
“As I thought,” Tony says, his voice low as he also comes closer. “So we’re all in favor. That’s a nice start.”
“I—” Tony stutters. He’s still shivering, and Steve hurries to grab two more towels and throw them over his shoulder before he realizes he should probably try getting Tony out of his wet clothes instead. He starts by trying to slip his soaked blazer off his arms, but Tony gestures, still holding the destroyed bouquet. “I’m here. You thought I wouldn’t be, but I am. And I… I bought you flowers.”
Tony wobbles inside, nearly limping, and Steve is filled with worry when he catches sight of how thin his shirt is. He doesn’t wait for Tony’s response, already running inside to grab the first towel he finds in his bathroom.
So when the morning arrived, Tony, who had managed to catch about three hours of sleep on the hall’s couch, was feeling very tired, grumpy, and not at all ready to face Steve. Which… really wasn’t that distant from his normal state, when he thought about it, so he guessed he could work with that.
Steve feels strangely comforted. For a moment, he wishes Tony would meet his eyes, but he doesn’t even know what he’d do.
. Not anymore.
“I mean, like, always,” he blurts out, speaking very fast because he’s sure if he stops to think he won’t be able to pick the proper words, so it’s better to just test his luck. “Uh, not all the time, obviously, but, like, every day, or, or whenever you wanted to sleep, really. Because it would, you know—it would be your room.” Then Tony stops, both because he doesn’t know what else to say and because Steve’s smile has rendered him incapable of forming words.
“Of course,” Obadiah replies, with a slight bow. Tony, sitting on his chair, shifts a little.
Steve clenched his jaw. He didn’t like the idea of Tony looking at his file—ridiculously, he was embarrassed at the thought of Tony reading his long catalog of ailments, enumerated like an exaggeratedly extensive grocery shopping list.
Steve’s next breath is sharp, and it reminds him that the only thing he wants to breathe right now is Tony’s cologne. “I…” He can’t even bring himself to feel embarrassed for being so obvious - the only thing he can think, right now, is that if there’s even the slightest chance Tony might want him, he needs to take it. “I have a room at… Thor, he got me a…” He's frustrated with himself, his face burning, for not being able to say it in the same smooth way Tony would.
Lola let out a low grunt.
-ing at the right moments, and in no time Steve is grinning again, glad to be explaining something to someone else for a change, feeling in the loop.
To Steve’s surprise, it wasn’t a camera roll. Instead, it was a browser with a gossip website open, showing a very clear picture of the man in a different fancy suit, holding the little Pomeranian under his arm as he was exiting a building. The headline screamed
In Tony’s opinion, however, Steve’s outfit is much worse.
Against his shoulder, Steve feels Stark starting to move, as if he’s sitting up.
As he talks, something happens – it’s as if the light bends, the room around them distorting slightly.
Steve blinks, trying to gather his thoughts together. The touch of Tony’s hand is nice, but he yearns for more of the overwhelming feeling from before. “Yeah,” he says. “You’re—you’re both wearing clothes. I think you should… not do that.”
He picks up the comb, and Tony’s gaze turns hesitant.
“Hey,” Tony says, soft and friendly, and his voice is like a warm blanket. Steve wants to curl up in it, to curl up on him and never let him go. He stares at the ceiling instead. “Slept well?”
Despise Steve’s state, it’s slower, this time. Tony kisses him right after he closes the door, but before Steve can start fumbling with his clothes, he’s already leading them to bed. Steve’s thoughts turn to mush, helpless at the succession of long, deep kisses; he stumbles when the back of his knees touch the bed, falling down and pulling Tony with him.
“That’s not—Okay, fine, maybe it's a little true…”
“No,” Steve says, quickly. “No, definitely not. I didn’t go out much. Besides, even if I did, no fella would have looked at me twice.”
“Oh, indeed – you prefer to wander the brothels, isn’t that right? I’m sure the whores enjoy your chatter, provided they’re well-paid.”
Steve frowns. His face is still so close, Tony can see perfectly the little wrinkle it forms between his eyebrows. “Something wrong?” He asks, sounding genuinely confused, and Tony’s mind, like a whirlwind, tries to grab onto concrete details to form an answer, but he’s stuck looking at Steve’s face. He can still feel Steve’s breath on his mouth, and his face tingles at the contact with Steve’s beard, and Steve has a light freckle right under his eyebrow, and it’s so light and small it tugs Tony’s heartstrings and he finds it hard to breathe.
Steve clenched his jaw. He turned, and then—
Steve rolled his eyes. He
There isn’t a bar, so Steve finds the suggestion a little weird, but Tony doesn’t wait for him to reply, taking a step forward and stopping a waiter.
Tony grins. “Yeah, we are.” He rocks a little on his heels, but makes no movement to touch Steve, which Steve guesses is probably what he should have expected. With their… arrangement, he finds, there’s not much reason for them to touch outside of the bedroom.
Tony has never seen him look so peaceful. He associates Steve with an edge of tension, of discomfort – the lingering feel of being out of place, out of time. It was always in his posture, in his gaze, even in his smiles.
“Steve,” Tony whispers, in between kisses, when Steve starts fumbling with his belt. He tilts his head, so Steve ends up kissing the corner of his lips, which he doesn’t mind in the slightest, loving the thought of kissing Tony’s laugh lines. He keeps going, mouth enjoying the feel of Tony’s skin, descending slightly to his jaw. In the meantime, Tony’s belt grows from an inconvenience to downright evil, Steve’s hands frantic in their mission to take it off until Tony stills them. “Baby, what do you want?”
It’s gone as soon as it come, though, and, as Tony wipes his mouth with a cloth, he looks away, his fingers picking a loose thread in the tablecloth.
Steve blinked, the impact of Tony’s words washing over him. He made it all sound so simple, so obvious.
Tony knocked on the room’s door, not wanting to just type his code into the entrance panel and risk catching Steve in a compromising position.
But at least it seemed like the Sovereign were buying their farce. They even invited them to a special, private dinner the next day, after the daily meetings were over. Tony thought it was a good sign, even if it meant they’d have to fake for a little longer than usual.
He looks away, focusing on the goblet. It’s always easier to focus on the goblet.
he said. The memory makes Steve’s face heat up and forms a knot in his throat.
The last time they were this close, they were trying to kill each other.
Steve’s face is a sight, all bleary-eyed with fine strands of blond hair falling over his forehead. Tony can’t help but take his hand to push it back.
The epiphany – the obvious, glaring, ridiculous realization – hits Tony right after his orgasm.
Tony watched him warily, and then his face softened, though he still looked a little pained. “Yeah, I imagined that.” His eyes studied Steve, who crossed his arms in reflex. “How are you holding up?”
On one of their first nights together, Tony is a hurricane, letting words and confessions slip in between sucking marks on Steve’s skin. He takes Steve as nobody ever did, and Steve feels conscious of every inch of his body, as if it comes alive just by becoming Tony’s.
Tony’s jaw clenches. “I have, haven’t I?” He stands up suddenly, startling Barnes. “I need to go.”
“You’re heavy,” Tony complained, even though Steve wasn’t, not really. He was just a small, fluffy dog, but Tony felt the need to at least complain a little to stand his ground.
Tony’s expression doesn’t change.
it to slip, he
“No.” Tony stands up, in front of Steve, and tilts his head in his direction. “No, I’m not.”
“Are we good, darling?” Stark asks, massaging his ass in steady, firm circles. His question is amused, though, and when Steve is halfway through croaking a breathless
“I’ve sent for him already,” Howard says, and Tony’s head snaps up at him, but now his gaze is far from hopeful, instead filled with the numbness and slight despair of someone who just opened their eyes to find nothing but pure darkness. “He should probably be getting the news right now.”
, Howard thinks, and drowns out his goblet.
, really. He just felt that he should say sorry. “Go ahead.”
Steve lasts about three seconds before he looks away.
The result is that they end up standing next to each other awkwardly in a crowded quinjet, and, every time Steve tries to say something, Tony makes sure to be very interested in literally anything else in the opposite direction.
“Excuse me?” Ayesha sounded indignant, but she composed herself, straightening her posture and giving Steve a condescending smile. “I don’t think it’s up to you to decide that, Captain.”
He knocks on Peggy’s door. She’s astonished to see him, momentarily paralyzed in the doorstep; but no matter the reality, she’s still very much Peggy Carter – it takes Steve barely ten minutes to get her to understand.
and his favorite color
It didn’t make any sense. Steve was being overly paranoid. Tony tried to use any previously unknown telepathy powers he had to tell him that, but Steve just kept staring when they were startled by the sound of Ayesha chewing.
“I was just. Uh. Thinking.” Tony presses his lips together, trying to be strategic about this. Fuck it, he decides. “What you said before, about… about knowing what you were getting into. When you—when you married me.” The words are choked out, because it feels foreign, to say that to someone. To say it to Steve, specifically, feels almost otherworldly.
Ayesha peered at him, clearly trying to see through whatever he was playing at. After a moment, though, she smiled.
Tony can’t explain why it happens. Even if he’s okay with following Cap’s orders in the field, the two of them hardly got off to a nice start – and, honestly, even if they did, they’ve known each other for too little to pull off this kind of risky move. One second of confusion could make Cap think Tony was attacking him for some reason, or worse, make Cap reflect the blast right at him.
Stark shoots him an annoyed look, and Steve probably interrupts a sharp reply when he asks, “Do you and… you know, the, uh, the other me. Have you two ever done this?”
He may as well think aloud, because Rogers seems to fully understand what he means. “I could provide for him,” he says, a pleading note in his voice. Howard tries to detect a performance in his expression, but can’t. He desperately wishes for wine. “After—After we…”
Still, Steve frowns at him. “We can’t just leave him outside.” As much as he’d like to go back to the task of losing himself in Tony’s body, he knows Stark’s presence would be impossible to ignore, even if he weren’t in the room with them. Steve would be too worried about the noises he’d make, wondering if Stark would hear, and, if he did, what would he think of it… All things he should not be thinking about.
When he arrives to the gym, he feels his stomach churning a little in expectation. In a way, this is the first time he’s seeing Steve in two years.
“Uh,” Steve says. “No, it isn’t. It’s next week.”
“Don’t take it as an insult, darling,” Stark says, surprisingly tender, stroking Steve’s cheek as if his own erection isn’t pressed against the top of Steve’s head. “It’s wonderful. You’re absolutely wonderful.”
“Seriously?” Sam had asked, sitting on Steve’s couch and petting Anakin’s belly with his feet. Despite his mocking tone, he had Monet on his lap, and was now scratching a spot behind his left ear. “What about this little dude gives you ‘dead French guy obsessed with landscapes’ vibes?”
It’s like a punch to the gut. Tony feels a knot in his throat so immediately it’s almost impressive. He takes a sharp breath, focusing every cell of his brain on not letting the stinging pain Steve’s apology causes take over his expression. There will be time for this later, in the privacy of his workshop.
“Yup.” Stark exaggerated the
“Here,” Stark said, pulling the covers on one of the sides to clear up space for Steve. He smoothed out the pillow with fast strokes.
And that—well, to say it caught Tony off guard would be an understatement. He had just stared at Steve for a moment in silence when Jarvis helpfully jumped in to inform him of the reservation's time. Steve had smiled, and Tony had gaped at him like a fish, and, just like that, he had a date with Steve Rogers.
Tony raised his eyebrows, apprehension crawling up in his chest. Of course, nothing about their situation was
Steve nodded frantically, and in a second they were both in the elevator. As the doors closed, Tony let out a breath, momentarily relieved until he realized they were alone and therefore there was no reason for him to keep holding Steve’s arm.
“It’s a king-sized bed,” Stark added, quickly.  “I’d stay in the opposite corner, you wouldn’t even know I was there. Four people could sleep on it like babies.” Steve widened his eyes, unable to stop himself from wondering if Stark knew that from first-hand experience. “Hell, I’ll build a pillow barrier between us if you want to. Or, or you can take the bed, and I’ll stay on the floor – hardly a first, for me.” He tilted his head, eyes shining with concern even as his voice lightened. “I just don’t think you should stay alone tonight.”
Stark just stared at him until he finally seemed to get it. “Wait, you don’t need to—Come on, you don’t need to
, from
,” he says when Steve takes one of them in his mouth, his tongue circling over it like a piece of candy. “Damn it, he’s right. You’re an absolute menace, it never fails to amaze me.”
Then again, Tony wouldn’t recognize his duty if it slapped him in the face with a horse’s carcass.
Then Steve opened the door and Tony was certain he could not live with that. He just couldn’t. He’d die in those four minutes, because Steve, like the giant asshole he was, had decided to take a morning shower, and he looked refreshed and beautiful, cheeks flushed and hair brushed back. Fuck, even his beard looked like it had been conditioned, which Tony was pretty sure was impossible, since they hadn’t brought any products.
; he can barely believe his luck. “Right. Nowadays, it’s a lot easier. I mean, not
Tony also asks a lot of questions. Sometimes his questions make Steve tense up involuntarily, but most of the time, they’re small things, details about Steve that no one else ever cared to know. He asks Steve what he thinks of rainy days (
Steve frowned as he tried to remember. He had not followed the story closely, but he picked up a few pieces of it when it was everything any media outlet seemed to be able to talk about. “You were… attacked, weren’t you?”
going on, as Sam had said, and just the thought is enough to make Steve dizzy.
to do it.”
“Okay.” Tony turns again towards the bartender, still holding Steve’s arm. His free hand points to Steve with his thumb. “And a beer for him,” he says, and—and Steve’s stomach clenches and flutters, as if a hundred butterflies had taken flight inside him at the same time. The way Tony says it, the way Tony is
Except no one was inside.
Tony inhales deeply. There’s a spark of guilt in his stomach. Asking Steve questions is one thing, but this feels like deliberately snooping inside his mind, digging into memories and feelings Tony has no right to know.
Steve’s hands hurt, and he realized he was clutching his elbows, embracing himself as he sat up on Stark’s couch. He had
“We talked about that one time he murdered my parents.”
“My full name is Antonio,” the man replies. He turns to Tony. “You can call me Stark.” Then he turns towards Steve, eyes taking in his body again, but this time he stops at his face, in a crystal-clear leer. “And—well, normally, I’d say
“You know,” Barnes says, grabbing a mug of coffee and taking a sip. He smiles before continuing. “You’re good for each other.”
It’s the five seconds, he thinks, which convinces him. Five seconds – the world, his world, won’t even know he’s gone. It’s selfish, maybe, but it’s the one thing he’s got, and Steve thinks: nothing is stopping him from using it.
He turns his head to sneak in one more kiss from Tony before closing his own eyes, and, as he drifts off to sleep, his last thought is for someone who isn’t there:
He is not very happy about that. Mind you, he has no love for the king – the crazy, old bastard could jump off a cliff for all Howard cares – but Zola ruled the lands for decades. With him, it was easy to know where you stood. With the Captain…
“I missed you,” he says to Steve’s chest, in a whisper, so faint he almost hopes Steve can’t hear.
, anything – but, before any words came out, Steve walked to the bathroom, closing the door behind him.
“I can see why,” Stark says, sounding strained. “But before he finishes melting what’s left of our supposedly brilliant brains, darling, may I ask where do you keep your lube?”
, along with the mocking reference to
“Then wake up,” Tony says, his own voice shaking as he holds Steve’s wrist. “Wake up, and this will be it. You’re not gonna be able to get rid of me.” He tries a lighter tone, but his insecurity slips in his voice, even as a slow smile turns the corners of Steve’s mouth upwards. “Trust me.”
to us.
Yeah, that was by far the worst part.
“I expect you to have faith,” Rogers replies. “As the villagers do. Zola’s reign of terror in this land won’t last much longer.”
He knew how Steve looked when he was lying. He had spent the past days watching it closely.
“Does that mean you’ve got the shield?”
Tony’s eyes snap to his hand and back. “Thought you said you’d step on my feet.”
Steve stops. Stares. Blinks.
Steve gave her a forceful smile, fighting back a sigh.
“May I?” he asked, and Steve was confused enough that he just nodded without thinking, and then Stark’s hand stroked his hair, brushing it back with long, calloused fingers. Steve’s face heated, but the touch loosened his muscles, the gentleness so foreign his eyes stung. He didn’t remember how long it had been since the last time someone had touched him like this, or at all.
Maybe it was because Steve looked beautiful, and angry, and close, and really, really beautiful, and Tony needed him to look a little
He turns towards the wall to not see when Steve starts changing into his workout closes.
Steve shifts, a little uncomfortable. After a moment of standing awkwardly, he decides to go to the snacks table. Many of the foods are Wakandan recipes that he doesn’t know, so he thinks he might try them out.
Fortunately, the crying was unwarranted. From what Steve could tell, Lola had probably slipped while running through the leaves on the ground, as she had already done multiple times before. She was now huffing happily, her paws spread as she lay on her belly, and Steve had the keen feeling she was basking in being the target of his attention. For such a cute, peaceful, old dog, Lola sure could be manipulative when she wanted to.
“Uh,” Tony said. Of all things Ayesha could talk about, Tony certainly didn’t imagine she’d ask them a question about gender roles. “Well, it’s not really… I mean, that’s. Kind of an outdated concept.”
“You want me to leave?” he asked, hurt piercing through his chest like thorns. He blinked rapidly, schooling that pain into anger, because anger was better, was safer. “
is a huge stretch, don’t flatter yourself that much—but, essentially, yeah. That’s basically it.”
He risks a glance at Tony, but his expression is impossible to read. “I think your boxers fell over there,” Tony says, indicating the corner of the bed. Steve practically jumps to retrieve them, wanting to avoid that blinding, overwhelming gaze. As he pulls his boxers on and reaches for his pants, he hears Tony’s voice behind him: “Don’t you want to have a shower?”
“Tony,” Steve says, and—and it was
Stark opened his hands in a defeated acceptance. “Bingo.”
Tony looks away. Then he runs a hand over his hair, sighing. “I know. I guess it’s just…” He gestures, encompassing the hall around them, the people partying in the living room. “Thinking about… a funeral here, of all places. All of us getting together to…” He shrugs exaggeratedly, though there’s nothing casual about his expression. “I don’t know – I’m talking nonsense, really, I’m probably already drunk.”
He loosens Steve’s tie slowly, then runs his fingers over the blue silk, removing it from Steve’s neck and setting it aside carefully. Then his hands descend down Steve’s chest, finding the lapels of his jacket, pushing it off him. Tony’s hands follow the jacket’s path down his arms. Every moment is slow, but not hesitant – it’s deliberate, like the kiss, as if every second of it matters just as much as what they’re about to do.
Except Tony doesn’t seem uncomfortable. Instead, he’s staring at Steve with the gaze he gets when he has reached a breakthrough – simultaneously distant and yet filled with undeniable intensity. Steve’s breath shortens.
He followed Tony to the chosen table, near Tony’s work counter. Tony positioned himself across it and patted a spot for Steve.
He leaned forward, trying to calculate the logistics of scooping both of them on his arms while also holding onto his dogs’ leashes. Steve considered using a treat to bribe them, but he had none with him, and, besides, they didn’t seem to need the extra encouragement – the smaller one, at least, was all but jumping onto Steve’s lap already.
”, Steve hums again, this time much more pleasantly, head almost following the movement of Tony’s hand.
He was even wrong about that, in the end.)
“Right,” Tony said, his knees going weak. So, so much blue. “And I’m famous for being a man of few words. You know, all stoic, serious hero. No time for quips.” He brought one hand to Steve’s forehead, swiping back a lock of fine hair. “Except for my romantic speeches. I—I heard those are pretty great.”
Tony takes a moment to reply, watching him. Steve thinks he’s going to argue, but instead his mouth curls in a smile – not a Tony Stark signature grin, not a smirk, not a laugh. Just a small, honest smile. “Aye, aye, Captain,” he says, raising his glass towards slightly.
Back then, they echoed numbly in Howard’s head, and he didn’t even consider knocking.
“Look, it’s no big deal. I could just go out for a walk after dinner. Pretend I need some time alone or something like that.”
“But it happens,” Tony helps. Then he opens a mischievous grin to the kids. “Lucky for you guys, that means
When Tony comes, Steve feels his spunk fill him up, and a part of him wishes it could just stay there, not leak out. He wants to keep Tony inside of him as much as possible.
, really, because he knew what he was doing, couldn’t pretend he didn’t, as tempting as it was to blame it all on Stark, on his gentle smile and his warm voice and his… eyes. No, he couldn’t do it, because at the end he was being drawn to the warmth of Stark’s body, approaching his side of the bed like a moth to a flame, and as aware of the risk as one would be.
Steve looks at him and smiles. Tony is quite fond of that sequence of events.
“Oh, please,” Ayesha said, with an eyeroll. “If even a glimpse of what you told me is true, Captain, it’s a wonder the two of you can even stand next to each other. And you want me to believe you’re married? Happily in love, after a fight that broke your entire team and made you spend—what, was it two or three years apart? I can’t recall.”
“Hi.”
Rhodey’s gaze grows warm with what can’t be described as anything other than sympathy.
Tony watched him, and at one point he closed his book and fished out the tiniest notepad from his pocket. He wrote something down, tongue sticking out from the corner of his mouth, deep concentration as his fingers brushed his bangs to the side, and Tony had thought:
But it’s so
“The fuck?” Tony blurts, because he just can’t help it. Does Steve’s internalized homophobia run that deep? “What the hell are you talking about?”
He wouldn’t say it out of pettiness. It was just—well, what seemed likely. Even right now, two years after their fight, while Steve and the other rogue avengers are in the middle of renegotiating the Accords with T’Challa’s help, Tony doesn’t think that would make a different between the two of them, when they were in the same room again.
Steve swallows. His nostrils widen as he takes a sharp breath. “You can’t possibly—”
Speaking of which…
—This isn’t Sleeping Beauty, for fuck’s sake—"
, really, how pretty you are. It should be criminal.”
He looked down, his face hot with embarrassment and discomfort at Tony’s stare. His behavior wasn’t fair – Tony deserved better than to be avoided, especially with no apparent reason. But still, he found the words wouldn’t come out, locked inside his throat, trapped under too much fear and pride to be set free.
Tony didn’t sleep. Of course he didn’t. The clock marked three a.m., and Tony was too busy staring at the ceiling, counting the tiles and pretending he wasn’t also counting Steve’s breaths.
him, for the first time in so long, that knocks the air right out of Tony’s lungs. He feels his eyes burning, and he blinks quickly to hide it, and for one second he thinks:
“Called it,” Bucky’s voice came from the kitchen.
“I--I’m,” Steve stammers, his face hot, eyes landing on Tony’s mouth, on those pink lips he knows are so, so soft. “Your hair.”
So instead he went to the infirmary regularly, bore the endless tests Bruce and every doctor at SHIELD seemed to want to do with him, and generally walked around the Tower being useless, watching as his team learned to work without him.
“Okay,” Steve says, after a moment of hesitation. He walks towards the bed and pulls the covers, clearing a spot for Tony.
At least they were spared having to
“Oh, I just remembered I didn’t ask you last night,” Steve’s voice comes from behind him and Tony does his best to not imagine him in various states of undress. “Did you finish the HUD?”
Steve’s cock is incredibly hard, bouncing against his stomach. Steve feels a hot wave of embarrassment when he notices he’s already leaking, but then he looks up and sees Tony’s face.
Steve hums, eyes wide open because Tony looks so beautiful when he’s about to come, Steve always makes sure he doesn’t miss it. His gaze finds Tony’s, and he knows he understands his silent permission, because the rhythm of his thrusts increase, getting shorter and sharper.
The bathroom’s door was closed, but Tony knew it was almost as big as the room, the bathtub making his jacuzzi seem like a bucket. And, of course, there was the king-sized bed, looming behind Steve and Tony like a threat and a mockery at the same time.
So he quipped, and he made jokes, and, yeah, maybe that wasn’t the most mature approach to take. But it was all Tony had, so, in moments like those – with Steve standing right next to him, his shoulder nearly bumping Tony’s, as he frowned and listened to the Guardians’ mission report, Tony’s gaze inevitably drawn to the way his jaw clenched, to the little frown between his eyebrows – he simply had to joke. Any other alternative wouldn’t be socially acceptable, or at least not on any planet Tony knew.
“There’s no change,” he says, grabbing Tony’s arm. “His brain isn’t—”
with Steve, to fight against what he’s saying, to prove him wrong. He wants that to not be Steve’s fantasy, he realizes, because he’s terrified of what it means, to think there’s even a chance something like this could happen in the real world.
happiness. It’s the kind of happiness that’s quiet and constant, like a leaf you keep inside a book that makes you smile every time you open it. It’s soft and yet it feels
Rhodey’s face grows sympathetic, and he gives Tony’s shoulder a gentle squeeze. “Look, I get it. This whole thing is new to you, and you don’t want to risk it. But you need to be honest with him, Tony. This is bothering you. You’re craving that cheesy shit.”
Steve tilted his head, as innocent as an angel, and nuzzled Tony’s leg again.
It happens so slowly, so
Steve’s heart pounds in his chest. His hands close into fists at his sides. Being left alone with Tony is a painful reminder of all the other times they were alone, and of how those times won’t come back.
as simple as if he was thinking the sky is blue.
“Uh. Yeah,” Tony manages to say.
Steve lay down, and Tony quickly adjusted, walking to his chest and lying across it. He looked like a long, fluffy pillow, his fur making his shape seem especially round.
“That isn’t true.” Steve stared at him with those two goddamn sapphires he had for eyes, and Tony swallowed. “Listen, Tony… About yesterday…”
Most importantly, though, Steve didn’t like how he was holding the dog in the picture. Not only was he treating his pet like a briefcase, his face seemed almost annoyed, as if it was a favor to hold him.
But Tony just smiles, his eyes with an alluring spark, leaning closer. “Yeah?” He says, grinning as if Steve has said something really daring. “Lead the way, Cap.”
body. He didn’t want him to pay any more attention to it than it was strictly necessary (maybe not even that).
“God, your
Steve bit his lower lip, relief and comfort washing over him, but there was still one last, gnawing anxiety that he couldn’t ignore.
? The thought is oppressive in its plausibility, and Tony’s breath catches.
Howard takes comfort in the fact that Rogers seems to be as displeased by having to perform this ass kissing as he is by receiving it. He nods, encouraging.
. “I mean, you—uh, you obviously know more about 21st century fashion than me. I guess I thought you could have some… ideas.”
Then he thinks:
—Okay, that’s a much better idea.”
“Sure you wanna do that?” Tony says in a whisper, leaning in a little further. His proximity does nothing to diminish the growing arousal washing over Steve’s body.
“Nice one.” His hand gives Steve’s arm another light squeeze, and he’s closer now. Steve can see the touch of grey in his temples, could count every single one of his laugh lines. “You’ve improved your drinking game,” he says. His voice sounds as if he’s complimenting Steve on something else, bigger than drinking. It’s almost silly, but a purposeful type of silliness, almost directed, almost like…
Howard swallows. He clenches his jaw as he looks away.
hurriedly between kisses, breathing a nuisance that occasionally forces him away from Tony’s mouth.
“Okay,” Steve said quickly, eyelashes fluttering as his eyes blinked rapidly. His face had softened, even if he had blushed further, and he was breathing unevenly from their completely chase kiss. He inhaled slowly, his lips partially open as if he was saving the spot for Tony’s mouth. “That’s. That’s certainly a habit you’ve got, to shut me up.”
“Fuck me,” Steve says, and he’d be shocked at himself if not for the way Tony’s eyes widen and his hand immediately freezes on his hair. “You—you, too. I… I want you to do it.” His eyes go from Tony’s face to his cock.
His voice sounded so small. Tony’s stomach twisted, guilt curling in his belly. What the hell was wrong with him? He should have never brought this up at all. It wasn’t the time or the place, and it had been
Steve took a moment to understand. The thought of Stark’s body enveloped around him - his arm over his waist, his chest against his back – made him shudder. “You, you’d—”
Unfortunately, though, Tony could still trust his senses. And he knew a sob when he heard one. A muffled, soft, small sob, but a sob nonetheless.
Ayesha tilted her head, seeming both amused and intrigued. “Right,” she said, her eyes impossible to read. “It was quite a miracle that brought the two of you together, as I was told.”
(See the end of the chapter for
And then he felt when Stark’s body curled up around his—a warm, solid presence, unlike anything Steve had ever felt before. Stark’s arm was a light but undeniable weight over Steve’s waist, his hand lying almost over Steve’s belly, though never touching it. His knees found the back of his Steve’s thighs, and his breath brushed between Steve’s shoulder blades, and Steve’s back relaxed against his will, as if melting. His eyes were heavy, and his bones turned to dust, as if he was sinking, and Steve was shocked to realize he wanted it, wanted his body to melt against Stark’s shape, wanted it as he had never wanted anything else for a long, long time. For the first time in years, sinking in the dark didn’t seem scary.
Steve kept staring at him, a little drool leaking out of his mouth and hitting the sidewalk.
“You don’t
“This was probably a mistake,” Stark says, looking down at the sheet curled in between his fingers. “I… shouldn’t have taken you up on your… offer.”
He forces himself to go through every page before he admits his defeat. Nothing there is salvageable. He hasn’t invented anything in years.
—I mean, we never really… Even before, it seemed that there was always this, this
Then, Tony looks up, just so he can see Steve’s face one last time before the world around them turns into darkness.
His tail wagged happily, and he turned, frozen—no,
Steve shudders, his own breath lacking, and suddenly he’s the one crying, shaking with hard, painful sobs. Tony, confused, holds him, whispers questions and reassurances,
thinking about it, and—wow, yeah. It’s one of the best ideas he’s ever had.
Steve thought. Tony hadn’t seen the weird curve of his back, how one of his shoulders was slightly more elevated than the other one, or how his spine stuck out against his skin, as if he was going to break with a single touch. He hadn’t seen any of it.
Tony doesn’t seem to mind, though, his smile growing, his hand clutching the sleeve of Steve’s jacket. He leans forward, his head turning so he’s turned towards Steve’s ear. He tilts his chin and his goatee touches Steve’s ear, sends a shudder through his whole body. “Then what are we waiting for?”
Steve frowns. “You shouldn’t drink anything stronger,” he says, and it sounds grandfatherly to his own ears, but he doesn’t care. He barely has the chance to talk to Tony anymore – the least he can do is tell him the truth.
They’re on the couch, right after what wasn’t exactly a date, but also wasn’t definitely
“Get me a bottle, won’t you, Jarvis?”
Instead, though, Tony raises his hand and touches Steve’s hair, tenderly swiping a few of longest locks back.
Maria didn’t enjoy fairy tales. She never did.  Howard imagines she only read them to Tony because it was something a mother should do, and she was determined to play the part to the letter, at the time, in a not so subtle attempt to disguise how poorly she fit that role.
Tony opens his eyes and raises an eyebrow. “What ‘sort of thing’?”
When Tony comes, Steve looks up, and sure enough, he is a vision, so beautiful Steve can barely believe. Steve swallows his spunk, greedily sucking on his now softened cock; he can’t help it. Tony pulls back, and Steve’s mouth releases him with a light popping sound.
He pauses another time, and Steve sees a spark of fear in those brown eyes. But it’s Tony he’s talking to – and he wouldn’t be Tony if his bravery didn’t astonish Steve to the core.
Steve shot the food a worried glance, and Tony didn’t need to read minds to know he was thinking they shouldn’t eat it. His gaze found Tony’s, and they had a silent battle over it – surely Ayesha wasn’t going to
“You’re saying,” Steve started, trying to maintain what felt like a final grip on his own sanity. “That you came back from the
There is a huge difference between
Steve, Tony notices with a tight chest, seems to have realized this, too. He keeps raising his eyes to try and see if the children’s behavior has changed, and his disappointment is clear. His performance is a disaster, and he’s clearly embarrassed about it, and Tony’s heart is already in pieces just by watching it for a couple of seconds, so--
Again and again.
“Don’t look so worried,” Tony says, as Rhodey starts plugging the electrodes on his neck. “Or I’m going to start thinking you don’t trust my genius.”
“Did he, uh,” a voice cuts through the silence, and it sounds so hesitant that it’s with quite a shock Howard realizes it’s Tony’s. “Did he say when?”
Steve. They wanted to know how he was doing – was he still working at Fury’s? – and they hoped he was doing well.
you trying to do? Were you actually following me?”
Steve raised his head and licked Tony’s finger.
Steve drags his eyes to his face, studying it carefully.
The flower shop is just two stations from Steve’s block. Happy’s shift ends at eight, and, considering Steve’s clock just marked fifteen minutes past one a.m., it doesn’t add up.
He had never seen Steve cry before. It felt – outrageous, wrong. It made Tony want to do absurd things.
Humiliation burned Tony’s cheeks. He opened his mouth to reply, but Steve interrupted him: “It’s not any of your business when Tony wants to look at me.”
He and Tony may not be enemies anymore, but they will never be friends.
“Oh.” Stark stopped, suddenly seeming a little like a deer in headlights. He quickly composed himself, though, his hands going to his pockets. “Are you sure? I can take the couch, it’s not—”
And it’s a quick, smooth movement — truly coming from someone with an enhanced speed and balance — the way Steve stops right in front of Tony, with that same blinding smile, and sets his hands on Tony’s face and leans forward to press a kiss on his lips.
Rogers seems surprised by the response, but then he shakes his head. “You can take as long as you need, lord Stark.”
, the need for Tony, Tony everywhere.
When they got inside the building and took the elevator, Steve started squirming, moving his little paws up and down.
The silence that followed was deafening. It would be possible to hear a pin drop, except for the fact that Tony wouldn’t have heard if a meteor came crashing down the ceiling, because he was too busy staring at Steve with his mouth half-open, his eyes strangely hot, blood roaring loudly in his ears.
Except it wasn’t. Instead, it was, according to what Bruce said later, some kind of small, focused time travel device. Bruce’s theory was that it was probably used to study alien specimens, being able to take a single sample of a plant or an animal and transform it into different phases of its life, allowing the species that owned the machine (whoever they were) to properly study it.
And the thing is: he knows what can help him.
“We have a problem,” Bruce says, staring at his tablet.
“If you don’t feel safe, I shouldn’t be here,” Steve interrupted, his voice surprisingly firm. “I’ll make up some excuse.”
They both sink onto Steve’s couch. Steve busies himself taking off Tony’s sneakers, a little horrified by how wet his socks are. If Tony weren’t so upset, Steve would use this opportunity to make a point about the importance of function over style when it comes to shoes. He doesn’t, though, rubbing the towel in fast strokes against Tony’s feet to warm them up.
He lowers his arm, watching redness begin to bloom on Tony’s cheek. Tony’s face is still turned away, on the position Howard’s slap left it, as if he can’t bear to turn to look at him.
“What about the other Ross?” Tony interrupts. He’s tinkering with a gauntlet on his hand, trying to see if he can do anything to send signs to the nanites in Steve’s body.
“Have you made a decision, my Lord?”
Tony's face breaks in a bright, easy grin. Even filled with embarrassment, Steve wants to taste that grin so badly it hurts. He looks at Tony’s laugh lines and wishes he’d kissed them more when he had the chance. He isn’t naïve enough to think he’ll get this opportunity again.
“Sorry,” he grunts, even though, if he’s honest, he’s not sorry at all, and especially not when Tony shrugs the shirt off, letting Steve see his dusky nipples; his lean, compact shape; and the small, glowing triangle at the center of his chest, radiating blue light that colors the bronze skin around it.
He wonders what Steve’s dreaming about. Being back in his time, maybe? Tony can see how that could be appealing - to have been able to safely land that plane, to get back from the war with Peggy Carter, to live a happy life and die as one soldier who made a difference, rather than as a legend to made the ultimate sacrifice.
His heart seems to stretch to include every moment, every nanosecond, becoming bigger than Steve ever thought it could be.
“Shit,” Tony says, grabbing it. “I’m sorry.” He must check the time on his screen, because his eyes widen. “Uh, okay, maybe not so sorry. Hm, Cap? We’re twenty minutes away from losing the flight back to Earth.”
“Thank you, Tony,” Steve says, but Tony kind of needs to keep going right now, to not lose track. “But I don’t know what—”
Tony bites his lower lip, eyes still on Steve’s vitals, trying to gather something he may have missed. If he’s honest, the only reason he even knows how much time has passed since they found him is because of Natasha and Sam’s constant visits – he doesn’t remember the last time he looked at a clock. “Didn’t mean to make you feel slighted, sour patch. Sorry.”
Steve pressed his lips together in a thin line. While that was an obvious request for a back rub, he didn’t want to relinquish the protection of his oversized t-shirt.
She seemed to be taken aback for one moment, but recovered quickly: “Oh? Do you have anything to add to the conversation, Captain?”
“What? No, it’s not.”
Steve clenched his jaw, quiet anger emanating from him like waves. “No. This conversation is over,” he turned his glance momentarily to Ayesha’s bodyguards, as if challenging them to say otherwise. “We are leaving.”
“Uh,” Tony says, a tinge of embarrassment in his voice, along with… Is it nerves? It’s strange, the idea that he can make Tony nervous. “Maybe I should…”
Tony doesn’t need to look at it to know it’s the same one from the wedding picture. He decides to stop searching the closet.
“Tony,” Steve says, his own voice unrecognizable, broken and desperate. It
Tony’s chest expands as he breathes, and Steve wonders how long he has been in love with him. How long has he been looking the other way, pretending not to see what was obvious, so glaring it’s almost obscene.
Steve nodded.
“Yes, it is.”
Howard finishes pouring wine onto his goblet when he turns to look at Tony. He is dressed properly in a dark red garment, his hair brushed back in a way Howard is certain was Jarvis’ doing.
Steve rolled his eyes, but followed him. He and T’Challa often took turns helping each other with the animals – T’Challa had a clear soft spot for cats and was able to spend hours talking and playing with them until they were happy. And Steve…
, he certainly would’ve been able to  later, with Tony’s tongue in his throat.
, at the door.
He turns his head to Tony now, gaze locking onto his.
Steve laughs this time, shaking his head as if he’s used to Tony’s bad sleeping habits. “Maybe I should walk you to our room so you don’t bump your head,” he jokes, but his blue eyes are earnest and concerned as he waits for a response.
That had been before, though. Before Steve had been drafted.
It’s not the most mature thing to do, sure, but it’s what it takes to keep himself sane.
A loud, high-pitched noise made him jolt, and Stark scowled at something behind his shoulder. “Stop that, for God’s sake,” he chastised, and he actually sounded
how you choose to—Well, fuck you, Steve Rogers,” he says it through the most beautiful smile in world. “Can I kiss you?”
Direct, straight to the point. Howard can respect that.
is like fire in Steve’s chest, his face burning of embarrassment and pleasure. “Do you like to hear that you’re pretty? Because you are. It’s—
Steve, who, for all his abilities, was still not a mind reader, just stared, and Tony’s eyes – involuntarily, stupidly – snapped to his lips. To his pretty mouth that always seemed so soft (and in fact managed to be even
Not because of some exacerbated insecurity or anything. As anyone who knows him can attest, Tony is far from oblivious to his appeal. He knows he’s an attractive man, and that he could charm his way out of nearly anything, if he wanted to.
“Uh,” Thor clears his throat. “I think the rabbit may need my assistance,” he says and, in the worlds’ least subtle retreat, goes straight to the door, leaving Steve and Tony standing there on their own.
Tony caresses his knuckles with his thumb, drawing a small circle on the back of his hand. “I was so angry at you. That damn phone—I wanted to throw it away when I got it.”
“Sorry,” Tony said, though he wasn’t sure whether he was apologizing for speaking or for the kiss or for last night or for
Steve took a sharp breath. His hair was still mussed from where Tony’s hand had grabbed, and, jeez, his face was covered with beard burn. Tony’s chest tightened. Steve wore debauchery very well. “That—that was fast thinking. Really clever.” He inhaled again, as if the first time hadn’t worked all that well. “Good job.”
“I don’t know what stories you have been hearing, father,” Tony sneers. Howard’s head feels hot, rage burning through the alcohol in his system. He leans forward, threatening, and everything in the world would be easier if Tony retreated, but he doesn’t. Of course he doesn’t. “But I’m not the one who wanders the corridors at night like a tavern’s ghost.”
There’s also the sexuality thing, which Tony can only imagine complicates everything a lot further. The sort of thing Tony wants, that he’s been dreaming of – kissing in public, holding hands, spending nights together - just didn’t
He looked at the two quiet servants for a second, unsure if he was meant to help himself, but since they didn’t move, he decided to go ahead.
“Wait? He can’t wait, that’s not—he can’t keep coming into the city, it’s not safe.” Tony pauses, nervousness emanating from him in waves. “How long are you planning to make him wait?”
“Calm down, duvet monster,” Steve says, fumbling until he finds one end of the duvet to pull up just enough to slide inside. His reward is the touch of Tony’s hands, warm and familiar as they pull Steve to a surface he recognizes as Tony’s lap. Pretty soon he’s enveloped by warmth and softness, as if he’s stepped inside a cloud.
“Your designated spot,” he repeats, raising his hands and gesturing to the table behind them. “One time is a coincidence; two times, though, you’ve got something to explain, Cap. To be honest, I’m a little scandalized – I never took you for a person who only saw weddings as a chance to eat at the cost of a merry couple.”
“Right.” Steve nods frantically. “I—Uh, I’m sorry, but—”
Tony opened his mouth to reply, but he was interrupted by the sound of Steve pushing back his chair and jumping to his feet.
Tony is still not looking at Steve, but he can feel the way Steve shivers, as if he’s suddenly cold. “I… I don’t get it,” he says, his voice weak. “Phone? And Bucky—Bucky wasn’t even around when…”
“Alright,” he says. It goes against his instincts – not to mention the entire dynamic of their relationship – to not argue with Tony, but what is the point now? Tony has a right to be angry – it’s not his fault Steve wants things he can’t have.
, Steve corrects himself mentally – is standing, watching them with attentive eyes. “Hey, do you—”
Thank you for reading! Comments and kudos make my day. And if you want to, you can reblog the fic
“Uh,” he stammered, wide, brown eyes blinking rapidly. A pair of sunglasses quickly went from hanging at his collar to his face. “No, nothing. Uh. Bless you,” he said, and turned away and walked—no, nearly ran – in the opposite direction, apparently forgetting he was meant to be heading the same way Steve was.
. Tony usually feels overwhelmed by the sheer number of feelings he’s capable of feeling at once - Steve, on the other hand, seems to always have one primary feeling for every situation, and he can grab onto it and make it his solid, unshakable stance. This is what makes him so amazing to watch and so infuriating to fight with. This, Tony realizes, is what would make it such a monumental experience, to be loved by him.
“Oh, my God.” He looked around, frantic, but no, no one else was nearby. “Are you guys lost?”
The first one is that Steve is worried about Tony’s history. Which, okay, fair – the long line of women (and men) who woke up in Tony’s bed only to be greeted by a robotic disembodied voice telling them a car was waiting outside argues against him, Tony knows. Yes, nowadays, it stings a little that Steve would think he’d do something like that to him, but, honestly, in 2008, he might just have. So he can’t fault Steve for wanting to take his time, for making sure Tony is serious about this before jumping straight in.
Probably for the best, really.
“So do you,” Steve counters, and, as soon as he says it, he finds it’s actually true, from the way Stark’s chest heaves up and down as breathes.
, he thought, and it was true.
, he had said. Then he had said,
To Tony’s satisfaction, a flush bloomed on Steve’s cheeks in response, even as his frown deepened. “This is serious, Tony.”
Steve blinks himself awake and glances at Tony. His face is focused, mouth curled, the tip of his pink tongue sticking out as he thinks. He’s frowning, a wrinkle between his eyebrows, but he doesn’t seem upset, just intrigued. His eyes are curious, endless shades of brown and gold, shining with a spark of interest. Sun rays come through the window and bring out the stripes of silver in his hair.
Right now, he’s come to terms with it, he thinks, even as his stomach clutches pathetically just at the prospect of speaking to Tony alone. Regardless, he knows he’s not in a position to demand anything. That is just the reality of Steve’s choices, of the path that lead him here.
? Are you crazy? You just say something like that and—”
Steve steps away from the bed and comes closer to press a kiss on his forehead. It’s so light, so casual, Tony has to fight not to flinch. Part of him wants to push Steve away, to get away from the close contact, but he forces himself to stay still, to at least play at some amount of normalcy.
He stands up. After assessing the nanites’ genuinely impressive capacities of fooling his brain, his mind gets consumed with curiosity over Steve’s fantasy. It’s still the 21
“Your profile is one of the most followed of all time on Twitter and Instagram,” Steve counters.
over and over in his brain, sweet like honey, spilling all over anything even remotely resembling a rational thought. “Are you okay?”
(Steve. Steve was his problem, as always. One of the biggest curses of being a genius was that Tony couldn’t stop himself from knowing that.)
His blunt tone makes the familiar tingle of anger climb up the back of Howard’s neck. “You wish to marry my son? Tony?”
“Gotta say,” Tony commented as he placed his hands on the area under Steve’s shoulder blades. “I thought you wouldn’t let me do this. Almost asked Bruce to offer it instead.”
Steve wasted no time settling into Tony’s embrace, basking in his victory, his small body curling into Tony’s chest.
Tony is very still. Howard thinks his face grows a little pale.
He presses a kiss to Steve’s lips, chaste. Steve’s mouth is sensitive from all the kissing, so even that touch is enough to make him shiver.
He smiled as he closed his eyes. For all the shock Tony’s revelations had caused, now he felt strangely certain of the rightness of it all. Tony was meant to be here, Steve thought, they were meant to work together, and now, ready to drift off to nice, sunny dreams, Steve couldn’t help but believe everything would work out perfectly.
“Fine,” he said then, regretting instantly when Stark smiled at him, stirring up Steve’s stomach.
Tony took a sharp breath, studying Steve’s profile.
When they exchange rings, Steve takes a look around, taking in all the red eyes, bloated faces. Sam is right; he’s probably the only one who isn’t crying.
Then Steve pulls away and does his weird blinking thing, and Tony thinks, at the same time,
Steve tilts his head and eyes him over the counter. He hesitates just for a moment before deciding the risk is worth it. “I don’t like alcohol breath,” he says, finally, feeling only a slight flush of his cheeks as does it.
than Tony ever imagined). The mouth that had let out weak, ghosts of sobs at the thought of Tony thinking he wanted to hurt him.
Steve swallows, feels his stomach clenching, his posture stiffening and face heating. Five seconds, he thinks. All he has to give.
Howard draws in a deep breath. It’s been years, since the last time Tony drove him to do something like this.
Some would say it was a safe bet. Through the entire kingdom, there are villagers convinced of a certain victory, already singing songs of the one who came to free them from Zola’s tyranny. But for the longest time, Howard had dismissed this possibility: rebellions come and go, and it’s foolish for a nobleman to be concerned with the legends of the common folk. Even as tales of the Captain’s prowess in battle started reaching royal feasts, for the longest time the rebels were still perceived as a momentary threat; a thorn on the king’s side and nothing more. When word got around that the king had sent Pierce’s command to handle them, most of the lords - Howard included - had assumed that would be the end of the rebellion.
As if on cue, Stark pulls back, too. Without his support, Steve sinks, boneless, his head reaching Stark’s lap.
“Tony,” Steve can’t help but take a step closer. “What the hell are you talking about?”
Unlike her previous partners, Tony seems to be actually guiding the dance, instead of struggling to keep up with Natasha’s pace. The music isn’t slow but it’s far from a pop song either, so they have space to be playful, Tony spinning Natasha and then catching her and smoothly dipping her almost to the floor. Their movements are just dramatic enough to be impressive without ever verging on the edge of silliness. Steve is far from the only one watching them now.
Tony’s heart feels so swollen it’s going to sink down on his chest, and he’s really in overwhelming levels of love with this man, because even the image of him strongly concentrating on getting the kids’ dishes clean so they can eat their next meals is enough to make him feel like swooning. He runs his hands up and down Steve’s biceps.
“This is amazing,” Steve says. He’s at that stage where it seems like his cheeks hurt from smiling. Tony thinks he should look like this more often. Maybe all the time. “When they explained it at SHIELD, I thought the internet was more of a tool, like a huge encyclopedia. And obviously, it is, but it didn’t occur to me it could be…”
Steve brought the shield down and Tony remembers thinking, for one flashing second:
Steve’s chuckle is muffled against the collar of Tony’s shirt. “No, we didn’t,” he says, and something about that, about the knowledge that Steve’s mind didn’t rewrite this part of their story (the first of their many, many messes), floods Tony’s chest with warmth. He wants to turn around and hug him. He focuses on staring at the side table next to the bed instead. “I couldn’t stand you.”
, misses the fights they’d have, misses staring at his face constantly trying to figure out what he was thinking and always, always failing.
It’s the glow of the reactor in his chest that keeps him from falling for the nanites’ illusion. Tapping it will activate the process of turning the ones infecting Steve off, but he’s not supposed to do that yet. Still, he lets his fingers linger over it, comforted by the familiar feel. It hasn’t changed, its small triangular shape solid under his fingertips, reminding him none of what he’s seeing is real.
Tony’s eyes darted around, quickly making an inventory of the room. No doors other than the one that had closed when the servants left. And they walked through so many corridors to get here… It was unlikely there was anyone nearby to listen to whatever would happen to them.
didn’t seem impossible – it was certainly what motivated Stark’s casual flirtations towards him on a daily basis, anyway – but somehow it didn’t match with the sincerity of Stark’s offer, or the gentle concern in his eyes. It would be too cruel, too
“It doesn’t mean you have to run for Congress, if that’s what you’re thinking,” Stark replied. “It’s nothing huge, really. You just need to do what you’re good at, and encourage others to do the same.” His eyes seemed to soften for a moment, and Steve noticed they had lighter traces of brown, looking almost honey in the faint light of his living room. “And I’ll help you.”
Then, at 6:38, he was ready, exactly twenty-two minutes too early. Fortunately, Steve, being who he was, had also shown up to meet him in the living room early, so Tony didn’t have to wait for long.
, because, really, he’s a lost cause.
To be honest, he just did a fair amount of punching, taking down a bunch of goons in this base that could easily be in a picture right next to a dictionary’s definition of
Tony just stares. For a moment he’s concerned Steve might be waiting for an explanation for the queen-sized bed, and he’s worried about what to say, when—it hits him.
He stops a few steps from Tony, in front of the bed. His expression is confused, and Tony’s heart tightens. He pats the spot next to him on the mattress.
“He isn’t mine,” Steve told her, but she just rolled onto the carpet and started chewing a squeaky toy.
. His expression softens as he speaks, his hand stroking Steve’s hair.
While Steve is on his run, Tony makes plans.
Steve swallows, then follows it with another sip.
As Tony’s hand takes him to his climax, Steve can’t help but think this—Tony laid bare, at his most open, lost in ecstasy—this isn’t his. This—this burning, stunning fire that’s in everything Tony does—it’s not his life. It’s at odds with him in ways so fundamental Steve can’t even begin to process the idea of having it.
the heat emanating from Steve’s body, and he knew Steve could feel it, from the way his posture went rigid.
“Yeah,” Stark said, sounding hoarse. “Me too. But the point is – I found out, confronted him and he killed me. When I woke up, though, I was able to contact some people and pull some data to prove what he had done. He’s in jail now, and he will be there for a long time.”
not feel Tony’s mouth on his anymore, so he pretty much dives onto him, mouth desperate, hands grabbing fistfuls of Tony’s jacket. He whispers
you want me, gorgeous.” His other hand goes to Steve’s jaw, turns his face to him. He kisses him slowly, then pulls back and flicks his thumb over Steve’s nipple. Steve gasps, and Tony keeps going, rolling the nub between his index finger and his thumb, pulling slightly and pressing short kisses at Steve’s mouth. “Just name it, and I’ll do it. Anything.”
far,” Stark said, but his voice sounded distant, as if he was talking underwater. Steve’s blood was roaring on his ears at the revelation, and he could barely hear him. “You’re more like, I don’t know, a flashlight or something.”
“So, what—do you want me to grab your ass in the entry hall or something?”
His face flushes as he talks, as if he can’t believe he’s saying this, and Tony knows an opening when he sees one.
For some reason, that made Steve’s cheeks warm a little. He hurried to change the subject. “Uh, you mentioned something like – guiding people. What does that mean?”
It doesn’t really matter, though. The two brides – now wives, Steve corrects himself mentally – seem to enjoy it. Carol puts two fingers in her mouth and lets out a loud whistle; Valkyrie, holding her waist, laughs.
And then Steve smiles.
Monet was next. He jumped up without any ceremony, rapidly climbing over Steve’s stomach and lying down, his belly up.
He doesn’t understand everything, though, of course (no one could), so he asks:
Steve presses his lips together in a thin line, and Tony can see that for what it is, an attempt to get his bottom lip to stop shaking. “I’m sorry,” he says, his voice so small.
him is so gentle, so delicate, and the warmth of Tony’s cheeks seems to mix with the warmth of Steve’s hands and Tony can’t think, he’s just too close, too overwhelmed, nothing but
“It was the logical decision. The Captain is a good suitor – once he wins, you’ll function as his consort, a position higher than anything you’d ever get from Sunset Bane. Having you on the land’s government will help us get business beyond the seas.” Howard makes a flipping gesture. “And you both want this to happen. It’s the only possible choice, in fact.”
“Steve?” Stark asked, when it was undeniable Steve was getting closer. “Is everything okay?”
“I always did like cherries,” he muses, and Steve tries to roll his eyes, but he’s stopped by the light touch of Stark’s thumb against his areola as he draws a tiny, nearly
“We’re not made for fairy tales. We’re made for war. And men like us, we can marry, we can have children, but at the end of the day, we’re alone.” He watches as Tony deflates, his mouth partially open, eyes shining suspiciously as Howard gets to where they both know he was aiming all along. “He will leave, Tony. He may promise he won’t, and say all the love sonnets in the world. It may take time, but one day, he will leave, just as Maria did.”
“Okay, so,” Bruce said, going through a tablet where he could see every single one of the failures of Steve’s body. “I take it that you’re adapting well to the hearing aid?”
Steve’s throat knots. His breath sharpens, his heart pounds.
“Premarital sex started becoming common around the 1920s, Tones. Sure, people would
“I can’t dance,” he hears himself saying, and it’s more honest than the words can possibly reveal it. He thinks back on the dance floor, on the people smiling and sweating, giggling and spinning and flirting, and imagining himself there seems like trying to paste a cutout of an old magazine in an Instagram photo. The thought makes his stomach twist, visceral discomfort making his body feel rigid.
“I’ll watch over him, okay?” he says, and Tony nods, shakily. He feels tired and weak and useless, and his brain is already in self-sabotage mode, thinking of Steve’s vitals changing just as Tony closes his eyes, of his life signs dropping as soon as Tony drifts off to sleep. “Tony. You can do this. I believe in you, and… I think he’d believe in you, too.” Rhodey’s voice is certain, unwavering. “He’d know you’d manage to get him out.”
Steve can just stare, wordlessly, as Tony goes on. He seems to notice Steve’s expression, though, because he takes a sharp breath, visibly trying to reign himself in.
The words startled Steve a bit, even though rationally, he knew it made sense. He had run into Stark in the hallway so many times – locked out, or too wasted to get himself inside his own apartment – and he couldn’t just
So there he was, walking outside of an alien spaceship, to meet a new race of beings, find new technology, and get to know an entire new planet and culture – all while having to be Steve Rogers’ pretend husband.
Dummy yapped as if to voice his complete agreement with that arrangement.
(If Tony is honest, it’s not that he never blamed Barnes for his parents – especially not there, at the bunker, when it felt like the world was falling over his head. It’s just that afterwards, that blame was too hollow to hold onto, and, when he was forced to face the prisoner behind the Winter Soldier’s terrifying aura, Tony couldn’t blame Barnes any more than he, as a teenager, blamed the car’s brakes.)
“I’d phrase it a little differently,” Steve says, turning to Stark. “But it’s true.”
It’s gone as soon as it came, though, and the next thing Steve sees is
, he spreads his ass cheeks and presses his erection between them, his hard length pressing over the fabric of Steve’s underwear.
“What?” Steve asks, turning towards him. Tony tilts his head while staring at him, and Steve's cheeks heat further. Whatever he was supposed to do, he thinks, he’s certainly not doing it right. “Hungry? No, I’m… I’m not hungry.” Tony’s eyes are intense as he stares, and Steve shifts on the same spot. His hand rubs the back of his neck. “Honestly, I… I dunno. I. I think I should get dressed.”
and sometimes—
(Sometimes Tony gets those dreams – dreams of Steve stepping inside the lab. Steve walking straight to Tony and taking him in his arms, his smell a sweet, musky scent flooding Tony’s senses, whispering things in his ears. Sometimes he whispers
He doesn’t continue it, and the pause stretches, growing long enough to be absurd.
he thought, with only the slightest spark of guilt at the blasphemy. What the hell was
“Yeah,” he says. “I suppose I can’t.”
He keeps himself from touching it, though – it’s a barrier he doesn’t feel that he should cross, a part of Tony he feels he doesn’t have a right to ask for. But Tony notices his looks (of course he does), and one time he takes Steve’s hand himself, smiles, and guides it gently to the center of his chest, letting him feel the hard surface.
“I’m sorry,” he said. He meant it – honestly, his intention hadn’t been to
After a brief moment where he seems to check if Tony is okay, Steve laughs. He stands up, clasping Tony’s shoulder.
Tony’s stomach clenches, the image of Steve carrying a wounded Barnes away from him with all the care in the world flashing through his mind, stinging like an actual knife in his chest.
His body acts of its own volition, hands going to Tony’s collar, pulling him in again in a kiss as messy as it is urgent. He’s clumsy, his tongue seeking Tony’s as a dying man in the desert seeks water. In the back of his mind, he thinks Tony must be used to better kisses—Steve has such little experience, and nothing that even compares to this.
