“So why did you have it when I arrested you?”
“No, it’s terrible because now I know what it’s like to be smiled at by
Reality set in—the weight of his impending obligations settled down, seeping into his mind and poisoning their stolen moment of bliss. Castiel rolled onto his back, wanting not to see the other man’s hopeful face any longer. The truth was Dean deserved an infinity of happy, tender moments with someone who could provide and care for him. What he didn’t need was a man who kept secrets from him, who inspired fear within him.
Castiel’s head cocked to the side again and his eyes raked over Dean like he was contemplating. “Do you want to please me, Dean?”
“Cas.” Dean all but begged.
“Hello Dean.” His voice was even rougher than normal and it made Dean feel as hot as it made him scared.
“Thank you.” Dean said weakly.
“Yes. Goodbye, Dean.”
“Let me up! Let me up! Let me—nyuh,” He didn’t get a chance to finish that thought because Cas replaced his fingers with his cock and every nerve in Dean’s body was screaming finally. His head collapsed back onto the mattress, eyes rolling back in his head with the pleasure of it. He felt Cas’ body press up against the back of his thighs, completely inside his body.
“Yeah, ‘course I’m freakin’ frustrated,” he snapped. “Dammit, Cas, I’ve been interrogating you for hours!” Dean pushed away from the table, refusing to look at the man sitting smugly across from him. He needed space, needed to put some distance between them, and clear his head. This was obviously going nowhere—it was coming up on hour three and he’d managed to learn jack all.
“That’s it, just like that baby.” He gasped, feeling his anger subside as Dean slid up and down, alternating between using the tip and flat of his tongue on the underside of Castiel’s cock. “Suck, baby, suck,” he whispered and immediately felt the man’s mouth become a vacuum, the sensation making him moan and jerk his hips.
“It’s okay, gorgeous, you can tell me what you want.”
“Cas,” he struggled to stop himself from preening under the other man’s scrutiny, from trying too hard to please him.
“Want you over my mouth,” he said, pulling Dean’s body until he was squatting over Castiel’s face, hands fisting the arm of the couch. “Better,” he groaned, trailing the tip of his tongue along Dean’s entrance. The man jerked forward, moaning lewdly from such a light tough. “Good boy,” he mumbled before flattening his tongue and licking a long line from rim to perineum.
“Others?”
“Yikes. You don’t think he knows, do you?” Gabriel asked, suddenly very serious and very nervous.
“No way!” Gabriel shouted.
They’d been chasing him for four years. Four years he’d spent every moment of every day trying to learn the details of the other man’s life—studying his habits and movements, likes and dislikes. By now he knew how Cas took his coffee, where he grew up, and which restaurants he liked best. And all the while Cas had been studying him too; learning god knows what about Dean’s personal and professional life.
“You couldn’t just leave.” He realized, “the only way out would be if the whole organization fell. You’d have to take down the biggest, baddest son of a bitch of them all.”
It still took a few minutes for Castiel to actually get out of the car, every time he tried one of them would pull the other back in for one more kiss. The second he had actually made it to his room he locked the door and collapsed on his bed before finally pulling out his phone.
“It has been months without word—we were starting to wonder where your loyalties lie. Questioning whether it really is the police you’re spending so much time and energy hiding from.” His voice was more irritated than angry, and Castiel felt the relief wash through him. If Michael knew what they’d been planning, Uriel wouldn’t be able to keep it to himself. The man reveled in every one of his failures; there was no way this betrayal would go without comment.
“Hey buddy, you mind?”
“You drugged them?” He guessed.
“You don’t—you really don’t hate me?” He asked cautiously, fearing the worst.
“Uriel.” All three of them spoke at the same time, nodding as Dean continued. “Uriel isn’t part of this, is he? He’s loyal to Michael—”
“What? Why?”
“Yup. Babechester himself is gonna be parading around town in virtually nothing all summer!” She practically sang, smiling impishly.
The other man squinted, eyes searching Castiel’s face for deception. “Does anyone know you’re here? That you’re here with me?”
And, he’s pretty sure, he whispered it back.
“To stop pretending.” He sighed and finally looked up, holding Dean’s gaze as he tried to convey a million unspeakable yearnings. “I would very much like to be this person a little while longer.”
Turn Back Time
“I’ll bring him your flowers, but you’ll have to make it up to me later, angel.” Meg leered into the phone.
The way he spoke—slow and deliberate, almost roguish—made the hair on the back of Dean’s neck stand up. Castiel was unsettling to be around, but nothing like the rumors. It was impossible to imagine that he was the same person who’d massacred fifteen people over in Topeka a year ago. The Stone Angel was supposed to be a hulking, expressionless, monster. But Cas? Man was
“Gabriel’s.”
Dean couldn’t believe he asking for him to screw over his coworkers, his friends. “Oh, no. No way am gonna steal form the station for you.”
By the time they’d arrived it was well past midnight and nearly the entire company of renegade criminals was piled into the living room playing cards, smoking, drinking, and entertaining one another in increasingly illicit ways.
“A pretty little boy, according to the rumor mill.”
“Shit, you need to go home.”
“That’s what you want? For me to just take?” Cas growled quietly, wrapping his hand around Dean’s wrist. The look on his face was that same terrifying wrath-of-heaven look Dean had seen him give Balthazar and having the full force of it turned on him made his knees buckle. “I don’t like indecisiveness. Do not say things you don’t mean.”
“More?” Cas pushed a third finger in without any warning and let Dean fuck himself, frantically slamming his body back against the bars, trying to work the digits in deeper. “This is what you want, baby?”
“She’s not going to be happy with us just showing up unannounced, Balth.”
“What I’m trying to say is, well, I trust you Cas. So, I’ve got your back.”
“Fuck,” Cas moaned, “Look so good like this. Made to take my cock, weren’t you?” The cuffs rattled above him and Dean could picture Cas straining against the metal, wanting to bury his hand in Dean’s hair. The thought sent something desperate and needy through him and he could feel his own dick straining against the fabric of his pants. “You like this too, don’t you? Bet you’re so hard you could come just like this, just from sucking me off, couldn’t you?”
“Yes,” Castiel turned introducing him to Balthazar, Gabriel, and Anna, before turning back and craning his neck to look into the apartment. “May we come in?”
“Gabriel, Anna, and I were sold to Michael’s father as infants. Our parents owed him a debt and we satisfied the contract.”
Dean swallowed, looking embarrassed as he spoke. "K-kiss me?"
“Dean?” Castiel squeezed his thigh in apology.
“And another one grows right back in its place, yeah.”
“How do I know you won’t change your mind later?”
“Good. Go to sleep.”
“He doesn’t know her loyalties.”
He took a deep steadying breath before he was able to speak again. “No.” he said plainly. “That’s all you get tonight. Bring me something to wipe up my mess and then we can go to bed.”
Castiel hummed as he trailed hands down his chest, brushing fingers across his nipples and making Dean shiver. “Nothing.”
With his hand on Castiel’s shoulders Michael led them out of the kitchen, past Uriel’s scowling face, and toward the drawing room. “I was starting to fear that you’d left me for good.” He said, smiling and shaking his head in disbelief.
“With your father.”
Castiel tightened his arms, pulling him in even closer until they were tucked tightly together. Sleep came in waves, dreamy thoughts of family dinners, introducing the man he, well, really liked to Sammy. It was a ridiculous, crazy, sappy thing to imagine but it was his dream. If he wanted to indulge in stupid domestic fantasies in the privacy of his own head that was his business—thank you very much.
“We.” He paused. “We have a deal,” he heard himself saying, “when I have Alastair in custody.”
They were quiet for a long time, eyes locked on each other, panting from having shouted so much. The frustration and exhaustion was clear on both of their faces, so much so that a big part of wanted nothing more than to let the other man scoop him up in his arms and take them both to bed. But that wasn’t going to happen—this man had never cared about him, everything between them was a lie, a joke to Castiel. He felt pathetic, worthless. “How. How did you do it, tell me.” He said as calmly as possible.
“Gotta let,” Dean dropped his head down to Castiel’s shoulder, “let me s-save—ah—you, now.”
“He knows enough, I can’t afford to take the risk. Have Gabriel and Inias tail her and call you immediately once they leave the club. We’ll get their first, great our friend properly.”
He quirked an eyebrow and returned his attentions to the man’s nipples, pinching them just enough to make Dean whimper. “Who said I wasn’t talk about tomorrow?”
“Oh great, another jackass we don’t know gets a warm welcome to the brotherhood. And your boytoy’s already betrayed our confidence! That’s peachy! Isn’t that peachy Balthazar?”
“Oh.” Dean paused, thinking. “Then, then what are you gonna do with him?”
“Ah!” Dean bucked back, pushing against the finger and trying to force it inside.
“Dean,” the gruff voice brooked no argument and he felt his mouth snapping shut in response. On the other line Castiel sighed deeply, clearly exhausted.
“Okay.” He said, smiling against Dean’s cheek, “Okay.”
“No.” He tried to sound as confident as possible, though really he was probably more anxious than anyone. “I think he wants a job done, that’s all.”
“Dean—” He started, surprised as he slipped off the board and fully into the water.
“You’re still hard. I want to please you, want to make you feel good.” Dean leaned up to kiss him again, stopping just before as if seeking permission.
“Alright, commander, I’ll rally the troops!”
“You know, uh, kissed anyone.”
Cas hummed, pleased by Dean’s reaction. “Depending on how well you suck me, I might just spill all my little secrets.” He smirked, catching Dean’s gaze. “And with sinful lips like yours,” he whistled, low and filthy, “I don’t doubt you’ll get every last one me out of me.”
“What? You want him to notice all your assets, don’t you?”
As the kiss deepened it slowed, the tension melting away as they moved into more familiar territory. This wasn’t, he decided, going to be something rushed or easily forgotten. If this was to be the last time, then he was going appreciate it.
“Of course. You don’t have Alastair and I don’t have what I need from your evidence lock up—our business isn’t done.” Again an irritatingly sad look crossed Dean’s face but it was quickly smothered in a wash of excitement.
“Cas,” Dean moaned.
“Not in front of you, I—”
The minute Victor was out of earshot everything changed, the siblings looked completely different. Shy, nervous Anna was grinning ear to ear; her brother pulled a lollipop out of a pocket and popped it into his mouth. They were both looking at him like this was all one big joke, making him feel more unsettled than ever before.
Dean laughed bashfully, cheeks visibly red even in the dark. “Guess that was kinda stupid, huh?”
Dean was speechless. Benny knew him like the back of his hand, they’d been partners ever since the academy, but he’d never expected him to hit the nail so close on the head. “I—” He started but the words seemed to fail him.
Castiel’s face flushed and he coughed to cover up his own awkwardness. “Fine, Bobby,” he must have said the name strangely because once again the table burst into laughter. Irritated and tired and having gone far too long without touching Dean, Castiel pointed cleared his throat. “If you’re all quite done—”
“I think I know how to solve your problems.” Dean said, sounding unsure and smiling shyly.
, he was off at KU going to swim meets and frat parties and getting tagged in half naked pictures with inadequate privacy settings! That was the natural order, he was not supposed to come back and get a job ten minutes away!
She chuckled. “You need to relax, angel. Maybe after dinner we can move some furniture around—see if I can’t help ease all that tension.”
A hand came down hard, the pain sending a confusing mix of pain and pleasure through his body. He was getting harder, panting when Cas brought his hand down a second time. The third and fourth made him cry out but the pain was quickly soothed by a series of uncharacteristically gentle kisses pressed into the swollen skin.
“Yeah. No problem, Dean. Good luck, I hear he’s a real treasure.”
After a minute he bent down and gently pressed their lips together. Dean’s eyelashes fluttered but he kept them closed, as though obeying some silent command to keep them that way. “Cas,” he breathed, hot and needy. The sound making Castiel’s chest feel tight, making him glad the other man’s eyes were closed.
He watched Benny’s back retreating out of the station until he was sure he’d left, then opened Castiel’s file and busied himself with paper work. On top of the stack of papers was a black and white photograph of Cas from a few years back. He looked cold, almost severe, and Dean’s mind couldn’t help replaying the way his voice had sounded so soft and kind when he said good boy, gorgeous, baby. Dean shivered, body aching for Cas’ praise.
“What?” Balthazar balked, reluctantly sliding over to the passenger’s seat.
“Oh, um, sorry to wake you Dean,” Kevin’s voice crackled out through the receiver, sounding almost panicked.
“We were hashing out the details.”
Dean gasped, what had Cas just said? He tried to struggle out free from Castiel but the man was holding him too tightly, and every movement he made only served to drive the fingers in further. Cas was laughing as Dean’s panic increased, “Easy, baby boy. Relax.”
“Now that the pleasantries are out of the way, shall we discuss our business?” Michael’s voice cut through his thoughts and brought him back to full attention.
“Even if he were into guys,” he had to scramble to catch all the shirts she was throwing in his direction, “I don’t think I’d be his type.”
“Bobby called.” Shit, Dean thought, realizing how late he was for work. “Said you never showed up. They tried calling you but you didn’t answer.”
“Hey, uh, Kevin.”
“Am I everything to you?” He rumbled, needing to hear him say it, needing it to be true.
, and the shock of it made him groan.
“Okay, Cas.” He mumbled tiredly, eyes slipping closed to indulge in the soft touches. Castiel could have stood there all night petting him, lavishing his body with tender caresses, but this was neither the place nor the time.
“Why?”
“Okay, baby. You do everything that I tell you and I’ll consider letting you kiss me. How does that sound?”
“G’night, Cas.”
Cas didn’t leave him a second to process what was happening before he was swallowing Dean down, burying his nose in the thick thatch of pubic hair. Dean’s fingers dug into a box somewhere behind his head, biting his lip to hold back a shriek.
Gabriel shrugged, still ignoring Dean. “Cassie, it’s not my job to be delicate with your toys.”
“We could just kidnap the guy?” Gabriel suggested.
He only barely managed to nod before turning around quickly and muttering, “Goodnight, Anna,” as he rushed up the stairs. It wasn’t his intention to be rude but the blush her words had provoked was not something he wished Dean to see.
“Um, well. I got kinda pretty smashed after you left. Ended up spillin’ my guts to Sam.”
Cas eased him onto his elbows, taking a minute to run his blunt nails down Dean’s sweaty back. In the mirror he could see the other man biting his lip, looking at him as like a dessert tray. Cas leaned down and kissed the top of his ass, right along the panty line, before reaching up to pull the underwear off.
“But you still want me to divulge things that I cannot.” He said mournfully, turning his head to look at the ground.
The only flaw in the plan was Dean—Castiel didn’t want to lose him. There was a clear expiration date on their relationship and he was loath for it to end. Being with Dean was everything now, like he’d never truly felt anything before the man had swaggered into his life. Whenever they were together, his heart stuttered and his hands itched to touch, to take, to wrap themselves around his warm body and press against all the safety it offered.
? What if this was his only chance and they’d stop talking altogether if he wasn’t good, didn’t know what he was doing?
Gabriel rolled his eyes, “This better be good.”
His hot, wet mouth trailed down, down, down, until he reached the waistband of Dean’s pants, nearly making him choke when he started undoing the belt with his mouth. There was no way this was really happening—Castiel’s dark eyes were glued to his, staring intently as his tongue pushed the button through the tiny loop and his teeth pulled the zipper down so slowly it made him want to cry.
The thought made him sad and he tried to will the strange mood away. It was important to get his head in order before meeting with Meg or Michael. One slip could mean any number of causalities. This wasn’t the time or the place to be concerned about Dean Winchester. This New Castiel had to be left behind upon leaving the apartment. Here compassion was welcome and here, he decided, it would stay.
“Good.” Castiel said, abruptly letting go to cover another yawn. He walked toward the bathroom, brushing his teeth quickly while staring at Dean through the mirror, who remained standing awkwardly in the middle of the room concentrating on not touching himself. The sight made him a giddy kind of laughter bubble up, thrilled by the man’s obedience, his willingness to deny pleasure without needing to be told.
A whimper caught in his throat and he found himself nodding. “Yeah? You want me to do something for you, to make you feel good?” He was leaning in closer to Dean, gently pushing him back and climbing overtop of him until they pressed completely together, mouths inches from each other. “What do you want, gorgeous. Tell me what you need.”
Castiel smiled slightly at him, hoping to convey his gratitude. “I think that perhaps Balthazar is right. We’re not going to get anywhere tonight. Tomorrow we can reconvene and Dean will enumerate his suggestions.” Castiel stood, motioning for Dean to do the same. “I hope that we will all be a little more patient and open minded after some rest.”
Castiel breath hitched, battle for self-control completely lost, as he was unable to stop from touching his hard cock, hoping to relieve some of the pressure. Of all the things he’d expected Dean to say, never had he imagined the man was fantasizing about being rimmed. That Dean got off imagining Castiel giving him anal pleasure was too arousing to bear.
“Dean.” Judging by the stern look he just got, Sam wasn’t having any of his forced cheerfulness.
Anna shot Gabriel a withering look and got up, offering a slim white shirt and a blue tie. “Here” Castiel sagged, letting her button the shirt up and smooth out the creases. “You look handsome in this one, and the tie will bring out your eyes.”
All the curtains were drawn shut, every ounce of light suffocated by the thick fabric. As they moved through the house, the ominous silence seemed to become louder, more present. The further they went, the clearer it became that they were completely and truly alone. There wasn’t another soul to be found anywhere, and the weight of their absence filled him with a peculiar sense of dread.
Gabriel sighed, rolling his eyes in exaggerated exasperation. “Yeah, yeah. You can relax, Cassie. While you were screwing the pooch upstairs, we all decided that your pup could have a myriad of uses,” Gabriel smirked.
None of this was strictly necessary, after all, he’d made Dean stretch himself last night to avoid doing any of the prep in the morning. But, there was something about the man that always made him want to go slow, to take him apart piece by piece until he was quivering and crying with need.
“You were so good, Dean,” he titled Dean’s head up, so that their eyes were level, “So perfect for me.” When he smiled, it was soft and warm and it made Dean’s heart flutter. “Do you still want to kiss me, baby?”
“Not done kissing you.” He mumbled in response, trying to force his face through the bars.
“I,” he faltered, not wanting to lie. “I may have some business before then.”
“No shit, Sammy.”
You know this is an actual form of torture
The whole time, though, he maintained a firm grip on the man’s body, helping to set a pace that worked for both of them. Dean was quickly working himself into a frenzy of pleasure, from above him, he could hear lewd, desperate, barely human sounds. Eventually, he leaned back so that one hand was resting on Castiel’s stomach while the other clutched the back of the couch. The position must have been even more of a strain for the man’s body but it allowed him to touch more skin and, as Castiel started to suck on Dean’s rim, he felt the tips of fingers touching his neglected cock.
“Don’t be stupid.”
“Well they were, Cas!” He snapped, not quite sure what he was saying. “They were extremely hurt by your actions! Everyone was! You just fucking left Cas! You said you weren’t going to but you did, anyway. You hurt people, you hurt me.” The tears were threatening to stream down his cheeks now but he refused to look away, to back down.
He groaned, scrubbing a hand over his face before finally getting up.
As it turned out, Michael was mostly interested in catching up. They talked for a few hours about the arrest, business, and gossip. While on the surface it appeared pleasant, every minute only served to make him more nervous. Conversation was always a game with these people, with everyone in his life—well almost everyone, he thought and nearly blushed. It occurred to him then that talking to Dean didn’t feel that way at all, it was easy, even fun. Normally he was so silent but with Dean—
“Dean,” Cas said imploringly, eyes begging for him to just let this go.
“He’s much prettier than I thought he’d be.” Anna observed, now meeting his gaze confidently.
“Cas.” So maybe he sounded upset and a little needy, but still! He wasn’t allowed to just screw him like that and then walk out forever. “Don’t go.” His voice was small, the words almost a whisper.
“What?” Dean could barely process what was happening. He stared open-mouthed at Castiel who stared unwaveringly back.
“You told your brother about me?” Castiel felt his own skin color and he coughed to cover up the sudden awkwardness, not sure why the thought of Dean telling Sam about him made him feel so embarrassed, so excited.
“Why don’t you sit,” he gestured to the table and Dean took an uneasy seat. “You too.” He commanded the others, not taking his eyes from Dean.
“Who d’ya think did it? It’s a good thing you’ve got your looks, pretty boy.” Gabriel pinched his nose but just as he was about to snap at the man, he felt a familiar hand on his shoulder.
He kissed his way back down Dean’s neck, making sure to take his time teasing the man’s nipples, biting and sucking them just to hear the beautiful moans it produced. When he finally reached that aching cock, he wrapped his wet lips around the swollen head and suckled gently. His tongue played with the slit then traced the contour, swirling round and round, taking the detective apart.
“No, Cas, ‘course not.” Dean said sympathetically, though his lips were still curved in a smile.
“Yes it is. I’m not a good man, Dean. I’m not even strong—I can’t protect the people I care for. I don’t deserve this, your attentions, your affections.”
“I was—hopeful. You’re an attractive man, I saw an opportunity.”
Dean gripped his cock and Castiel shut his eyes with the pleasure of it. Before his brain could even process what was happening, Dean was positioning himself above Castiel’s dick and slowly pushing the head inside him. As he sunk down on Castiel, he murmured, “You’re so—uh, strong,” he gasped as he bottomed out, “p-powerful” he moaned, rocking his hips slightly, “and good.”
“Chuckleheads?” Gabriel raised an eyebrow.
“I definitely pictured something a little more Dracula than,” he gestured toward the peaceful suburban street and smiled sheepishly.
Dean’s jaw nearly dropped.
“And they’re all dead, expect for Alastair?” Dean managed to spit out.
“Yeah. But he’s a good man and you know it. You have to let yourself trust him too, you know.”
“Go stand in the corner. Face to the wall, hands behind your head.” Dean flushed, color creeping down his whole body as he made his way over to the corner and turned.
“I didn’t—”
“What do
Get ready to pay up, Bradbury
Eventually the kissing slowed, and Dean tucked himself into Castiel’s arms, head resting just below the other man’s chin. He felt strangely safe, happier and more sated than he could remember. A small part of him felt worried, ashamed, and scared. A quiet voice telling him he should be afraid, that it was his fault Cas escaped, that he was falling asleep in the arms of known killer. But he didn’t want to think about that now, so he pushed all those thoughts away into some dark corner of his brain and nuzzled in closer to Castiel’s warm skin.
Dean’s mouth fell open. “Bu-bu-but—”
Finally he pulled away, too tired to take this any further and more than a little desperate to get in bed and press up against all that naked muscle. “The bathroom is through that door,” he gestured to the small door at the far end of the room. “Leave your clothes in the garbage, for the maid.”
“Yes!” Dean shouted, hips trying desperately to push up into Castiel’s tight fist. But Castiel’s body was too strong, keeping him still.
He pressed his fingers against his eyes until he saw stars, gritting his teach together. “Goodnight Anna.”
“No way I’d trust you.”
“Were you made to be fucked, Dean? Were you born to please other men?”
“They were hardly taunts.” Castiel frowned seriously. “They were declarations, pretty.”
“Wait, Alastair!” Dean interrupted with such an excitement the whole room looked surprised. “You gutted his men and left him barely alive.”
Gabriel exhaled tiredly. “Don’t let your bitch keep you up much later, we need you clear tomorrow morning.”
“But—” Dean started, words dying on his tongue under the force of Castiel’s tired glare.
Only Novak wouldn’t do that kind of thing. If he wanted to kill him, he’d have done it when he snuck in and they both knew Dean would never talk so there was no reason to threaten him. It probably wasn’t even him, just Sam or someone playing a trick. Still, that bottle was too expensive for Sam—
Dean followed closely behind as they walked down a long narrow hall filled with doors, stopping at the farthest from the stairs on the right. Inside, the room was plain—a light blue wallpaper that Gabriel had picked out years ago, long before Castiel had agreed to move into it. Aside from a closet full of clothing, the space had nothing personal inside. The furniture was a dark cherry wood and the bed, while comfortable, was certainly not as luxurious as Dean’s.
Now, however, he had to steel himself as they rounded the corner and his Lincoln came into view. Balthazar had the window rolled down and even from this distance Castiel could see him smirking around a cigarette.
“We need every available officer, Ben. All of them.”
“Okay,” he said, facing lighting up with excited as he leaned in conspiratorially, “so get this—Cas works for some big scary gangsters, right? Well, what if he doesn’t actually want to work for them?”
“And you stole it, why?”
Ahh, I finally updated! I'm so sorry this took such a long time (ugh, school and work) but I made sure the chapter was extra long, so that totally makes up for it probably maybe hopefully!
He wasn’t going to go there. With the new change in attitude he’d vowed never to think about that man as anything other than a criminal. He refused to refer to him as anything other than Novak or, occasionally, The Angel. Now, every time he’d get that ache, that feeling like he was too empty to bear, like he needed another body to press its way inside him, he’d fight the urge. It was an addiction and Dean Winchester was no addict, not a slave to anything other than himself and certainly not to that, to that man.
Dean whined, green eyes pleading, “Y-yes.”
“And that’s why you seduced me.” He laughed humorously.
“We can do it again.”
Cas came quickly, grunting as he filled Dean up, pumping a near endless stream of come into his ass. When he was done he pulled out and Dean almost cried.
Laughing under his breath, Cas asked, “Happy I came by?”
“Been tryin’ ‘a figure that one out.”
“Look at me, Dean.” He obeyed and Cas laughed in disbelief, lips quirking up into a smile that was almost affectionate. “Fuck, you’re gorgeous. Did you know that? Did you know how badly I’ve wanted to fuck that mouth of yours?”
“You’re mine.” He thrust harder, faster. “Belong to me. No one else can have you. Do whatever I want to you.” He snarled, hands gripping so tightly at Dean’s waist that the fingerprints would be there for days. Finally he came, growling “Mine, Mine, Mine!” into Dean’s back.
Hopefully, Castiel would be in a position to encourage Michael to take action and, if everything went according to plan, Meg would warn Lucifer. They kill each other, leaving their criminal empires in disarray like chickens running around without their heads. Through the chaos it wouldn’t be difficult to have the police round up the high profilers still living, giving the rest a choice between imprisonment and living a relatively straight life.
“Gabriel’s house.”
There was a long moment of silence before Cas finally spoke again. “I need you to get something for me.”
But if this was Cas—well that would mean this was partially his fault. If he’d never made that stupid deal, if he’d just arrested the man, none of those people would be dead. Thinking about that made him feel physically sick and he tried his best to push the nausea away.
“You really think Cas is trying to take it all down?”
“I told you—you took it from me when I was arrested.”
He sighed, “If you think Sam can help than I don’t see there being a choice.” Gabriel and Balthazar frowned slightly but otherwise let it pass without comment.
By the time Cas slid the second finger inside Dean’s whole body was trembling with the effort of holding his orgasm back. He kept begging and begging but Cas never stopped or slowed down. The third finger pushed inside and that was it—if Cas didn’t stop, like, now, he was going to come. “Cas, gonna—” he gasped.
Wear them to work for me, like a good little boy. xoxo, C.
“Dean—” Castiel tried to pull away but Dean held him there.
It was around four in the morning when the shrill ring of a phone sent him jolting upright, hand reaching for the gun he kept in the nightstand. Still groggy with sleep despite the adrenalin running through his body, Dean took a minute to take in his surroundings and an even longer time to realize that the phone was what woke him. Grumbling to himself about the time, he padded down the hallway to living room, answering a little more aggressively than necessary.
“That’s more like it.” The other man breathed, smiling into his neck. Dean turned his head, trying to meet Cas’ lips. The kiss was more frantic than before and the contrast between his fingers and tongue made the slow pace even more painful.
Standing at the door, he hesitated and pinched the bridge of his nose. One last indulgence, he decided, heading back toward the bedroom. Dean looked so beautiful, features soft and vulnerable. Castiel quickly scribbled out a note, feeling like there was nothing he could say that wouldn’t feel inadequate.
Castiel hummed, skimming a hand down to the soft patch of hair above Dean’s thick, hard cock. He laughed breathlessly, wondering if the man had been hard since he fingered himself open—body not even willing to disobey an order while he was asleep. “Want you,” he licked a stripe across the man’s neck, eliciting a shiver. “You were so good, waiting all night to come. You want that now? Want your reward, baby?”
“Yeah chuck—”
“I understand,” Castiel intoned numbly. “I suppose, then, that I am to be dealt with next.”
Anyway, there’d been no sign of the criminal at all since the escape. Somehow he’d managed to navigate around the roadblocks and searches and actually got the hell out of Lawrence. They figured he was probably so far out of the county by now that they’d never catch him. And maybe it was better that way, let some other poor bastards waste their lives chasing the son of a bitch.
Breathing raggedly, they collapsed together on the bed, matching smiles across their faces. They lay like that for a long time before Dean finally shuffled to the bathroom to clean himself off. Castiel watched him go, smiling at the sight of such a beautiful man. When he got back Castiel scooped him up in his arms and buried his head in the other man’s hair, breathing in the sweaty-sweet smell of him. With Dean’s head on his chest, arms wrapped around each other, everything seemed to be right. He ran his fingers through the short brown hair, and closed his eyes.
“I should have turned you in. I should have just come clean about everything and turned you in.” Dean shouted. “Do you even understand the pain you’ve caused? How much your actions have cost the department? Do you?” For some reason, tears were prickling in his eyes and his body trembled under the force of his anger.
“I’m a failure, Dean.” He whispered brokenly and the truth of the words stung even more now that they were out loud.
“It’s okay Cas, it’s okay. You can come, want you to come.”
He managed to make it to his car before throwing up. The guilt was unbearable.
“Because he knew I’d only take the deal if he offered me the guy who killed dad.”
“Deano, we appreciate that you want to please Cassie and all but—”
“Uh-huh,” Dean grinned and Castiel bent forward to cover that grin in kisses. They pulled away again, laying back and quietly staring at one another until Dean’s hand came up to tentatively rest on his cheek. Castiel leaned into it, closing his eyes as the man stoked his cheek affectionately. “This is nice.” Dean said. “I wish—I wish it could always be like this.”
“Sammy,” he said, trying to convey everything he felt for the man in one word.
“Because you’re such a good boy, I know you can wait until morning,” he whispered, smiling into his hair. “But if you think I’m wrong, that you’re not my good—”
He exhaled heavily, trying desperately to reign in his emotions. “Fine. I’ll talk to you tomorrow.”
“Guess your right. Still don’t feel right leavin’ you here, though.”
“Wh-wh-what?”
“Sam you’re not allowed—”
“Won’t, promise. W-want to be good for you, made for it.”
Dean gripped his cock and Castiel shut his eyes with the pleasure of it. Before his brain could even process what was happening, Dean was positioning himself above Castiel’s dick and slowly pushing the head inside him. As he sunk down on Castiel, he murmured, “You’re so—uh, strong,” he gasped as he bottomed out, “p-powerful” he moaned, rocking his hips slightly, “and good.”
“I’m going to go bring Cas—uh, the prisoner, some food. See if I can get anything out of him now. You okay to man the front?”
, serves him right.
It wasn’t until noon that shit actually hit the fan. Nearly the entire department was huddled around the kitchen drinking coffee and gossiping idly when the phone at Dean’s desk started to ring. Reluctantly, he wandered back to answer and nearly dropped scalding hot coffee all over himself when a familiar deep voice rumbled through the line. “Hello, Dean.”
“I don’t know, to, uh, to be with you. Isn’t that what you’re supposed to do when your boyfriend takes you to meet his family?” He could feel the moment Dean realized what he’d said—his whole body tensed, clearly frightened that he’d ruined their moment perhaps, even, that he’d angered Castiel.
“Because I’m gonna be your inside man. Look, if you let me help you—”
“Okay.” He relented, laying back down on the bed and gently tugging at Castiel’s arm to join him.
“Oh. ‘m still alone, huh?”
He watched the man shake as he poured himself a drink, downing it and pouring another. “Drink?” Castiel nodded and Michael obliged before slumping unceremoniously into his office chair. “Anna and Gabriel,” he said, stone faced. “They’ve been—they’re dead.”
“Yeah,” he said hesitantly, not entirely sure where this was going.
“This better be important, you know how I feel about my four hours.” He all but growled, pausing only to listen to the noise in the background. It sounded like the Captain was barking orders but that was impossible—he wasn’t due back to the station until the afternoon. “Kevin.” Dean tried to sound calm, though a terrible sinking feeling passed through him. “Tell me what’s happened.”
Dean’s eyes looked down, eyelashes fluttering against freckle covered cheeks. Castiel leaned down for a kiss, something slow and sweet—something he knew Dean would love. “So beautiful, Dean,” he said, leaning back to look him in the eyes, “meant for it, baby. Meant to submit to me, to let me take care of you.”
Dean jumped at the force of it and seconds later officers were filing into the room, ready to haul Cas back to his cell.
“Cas, are you okay?” Charlie asked, eyes wide and panic stricken.
“But why keep it a secret from me? Why sneak around behind my back making shady deals? If he’d told me—”
“Girls have been going missing a lot lately,” Anna added, moving to stand closer to her brother.
“I don’t think so, at least, I don’t think that’s the whole reason. I mean, why would even go to the trouble of obliterating those guys? That’s not his M.O., Dean, you used to say he was graceful.”
“Darling, you’re not serious.” Castiel simply glared, hard and unkind, entreating his friend to behave. They exchanged heated looks for a minute before Balthazar finally sighed and, rolling his eyes, muttered a halfhearted apology.
“You got it, lamb.” Balthazar gave him a tight-lipped smile.
“But, Cas! That’s not fair, you’re being—”
The way Dean said his name called up that possessiveness again and he found himself panting, “See what I can do for you, baby, when you’re good? See how I can make you feel?” His hand started to move faster but still too slow for Dean to finish. “Do you like being my good boy?”
“L-love it when you mark me, love being y-yours.” He blushed, releasing the grip on Castiel’s hair. “Didn’t mean—m’sorry, Cas.”
“You know, you’re here almost every day but I’ve never actually seen you swim.” If Castiel didn’t know better, he’d think Dean sounded a little disappointed. The thought made him flush and turn away.
to please him, to hear those words again.
Down stairs was fairly quiet as the house was nearly empty throughout the day still, he could near the distinct sound of people pattering around in the kitchen. Muffled voices were nearly distinguishable and Castiel realized irritatingly that they were likely whispering about him. When he rounded the corner and entered the kitchen all sounds stopped.
Dean pulled his eyes away from the road to scowl at his friend. “Benny, why do you assume it’s a him?”
“Then why?” Dean sniveled, hips stuttering forward involuntarily.
Again he nodded like an idiot, eyes going wide as Cas’ tongue licked a wet stripe from the root to the head of his dick. The sound he made as that experienced tongue swirled around the head, fingers pressing against the thick vein along the shaft, was inhuman. The man smiled mischievously. “God, I love how much you want me. How desperate and needy you get after only a few touches.”
“Actually, it’s a workspace.” Castiel gestured dismissively to the door. “Kindly leave so I can resume working in it.”
“Both of you stop, I’m tired of having this conversation. Meg, tell me about Alastair now.”
Wanting to quell the other man’s unease, he poured his focus into appearing as favorable as possible. "That's really good of you, baby," he purred, "thinking about my needs like that.” He took a step closer, crowding in as close as he could without their bodies touching. “You deserve a reward for being so good. What would like, Dean?" He said, thinking: please ask me to kiss you, please ask me to kiss you, please ask me to kiss you.
“You cut off all of its heads at once.”
Panties. Inside were five pairs of expensive women’s underwear—pink satin, white lace, a pale blue with a lace trim, black satin, and a pink silk pair with delicate looking bows around the thighs. Dean’s mouth went dry, palms sweating, head a dizzy mess. In his shock it took him a few minutes to notice that his cock had started to stir, hardening slightly in his pants. No one asked you, he snapped, appalled and confused by his own reaction to contents of the package.
“Get some sleep boy. That’s an order.” Dean faked another smile and reluctantly left the station and headed home. It was pushing midnight now, so he hoped that meant the apartment would be empty or at the very least that any unwanted guests would be asleep. He needed time to figure things out and right now he was more afraid of Castiel than anything, leery of the man’s strength, his temper.
The intervening hour between Dean Winchester offering to give him
This was so wrong, he should have walked away and remained firm in his resolve to avoid the detective. A small treacherous part of his brain whispered, my detective, but he quickly banished the thought. Chewing his lip, Castiel tried to suppress all of the emotions warring inside him—a leader, a solider, wasn’t supposed to want selfishly or act on impulsive but once the crime was committed he certainly couldn’t afford to regret.
“Stay.”
“Dean,” he tried to tell the man to leave him, to go, but the words died on his tongue.
“Is it?” He said, yawning sleepily and closing his eyes, sinking further into the comfort Dean brought.
“Go wait outside.” Castiel said coldly, eyes hard and dangerous as they watched Balthazar slowly shrink from the room. The second they were alone hands were on Dean’s face, thumbs moving in slow circles under his eyes. Somehow, despite everything that had just happened, the gesture still managed to ease the tension from his body and he let his eyes slip shut. Without his permission, his body leaned forward hoping the other man would pull their mouths together.
“Is this what you want, Detective? You want me to touch you?” Dean made an undignified noise as he started rubbing himself against the side of Cas’s bent leg, humping him like a fucking dog.
“Michael’s most trusted confidant, actually.” Balthazar supplied.
He pinched the bridge of his nose, “You know I hate this, just tell me.”
“I don’t see how this is my problem.”
“Bobby’s never gonna go along with you guys, so how you plannin’ on making that work?” Dean scoffed.
Sighing, he rolled out of bed and, not wanting to provide any unnecessary temptation for either of them, slipped on a pair of underwear before wandering toward the kitchen. Immediately, he was greeted by a smooth curved back covered in a spattering of freckles that made the muscles look softer, kinder than they would have otherwise. There was only the slightest bit of disappointment upon noticing that Dean was clothed from waste down.
Dean didn’t look up until he felt the bed dip. Cas had taken his pants off again and was crawling up the bed toward him, a soft almost affectionate expression on his face. “Okay.” He breathed before leaning forward to capture Dean’s lips in a kiss. The slow slide of tongue was meant to be comforting not arousing, and he let himself melt into it. “Since you were so good, baby,” he spoke the words between kisses, whispering them into Dean’s skin. “So good,” he murmured again and again.
“I’m not in love with Dean. That’s not what this is, Balth.” He mumbled, eyes flicking back to the man sleeping peacefully in the backseat. The image made his heart swell inconveniently, like it was trying to prove the truth in Balthazar’s words.
“Do you want anything else?” Castiel murmured, circling his hole and messaging his perineum with his thumb.
Dean ran the length of Castiel’s sides, slipping both hands under his arms and pulling them over his head. The next thing he knew, those warm wet hands were pressing into his back, forcing him to arch it and bring their bodies even closer. “Wanna keep your back like this,” fingertips traced the curve of his spine, making his knees quiver.
“Okay.” Castiel said, a strange kind of happiness uncurled somewhere within him and filled his limbs with a buzzing warmth.
“Can you give us, um,” he looked back at Cas, “five more minutes alone? I think I’m, uh, pretty close to something here.”
“You’re not pleased.” Castiel frowned, head tilting in confusion.
“Don’t do this,” Dean implored, tugging on his arm in an attempt to make him turn back around so they could talk. Ignoring the sad sound of the man’s voice, Castiel shook off his attempts and they sat in silence for a minute. Finally, Dean sighed in resignation. “Okay,” he muttered, “Okay, Cas, we’ll shower.”
“Hello Dean.” He turned, fingers nervously toying with the towel as his eyes landed on bright, eager looking green ones.
“You think you’re going to stop me from taking what’s mine?” Castiel growled, the shadows on his face making the words sound ever more threatening.
They stared at each other for a moment, his friend’s face full of pity and understanding. “I think you let our friend The Angel escape couple ‘a months back an’ he’s out spying on the big bads for ya’ now.”
Castiel clear his throat awkwardly, pausing to glare at Balthazar before addressing the room. “Yes, Anna, I did.”
This was oddly nice; better than anything they’d ever done before. Over the course of their time together, pleasing the beautiful man beneath him had somehow become more arousing than being pleased. It was almost purer like this, more concentrated now that he wasn’t worrying about his own pleasure. He could focus on Dean, on his trembling thighs and the broken whimpers that spilled from his lips.
go talk to him
“You’re drunk.”
Only a few more hard, deep thrusts and Dean was coming violently and without permission between them. Castiel was so enthralled by the sweet sounds, the hot feeling of Dean’s muscles contracting, that he didn’t even really notice. An animalistic instinct had taken over and Castiel just kept slamming into him, fingers digging into his hips as he lifted the man’s body to get a better angle. Throughout, Dean continued to moan encouragement, cock still spurting come onto his stomach, mixing with the sweat accumulating between them.
The sound of Kevin’s footsteps as he wandered away from the interrogation room was a fucking miracle and for a moment he was so lost in the feeling of relief that he forgot why it
“Couple of Alastair’s mooks. Few of ‘em we’ve been trying to find for years. Real bad company.”
Exasperated, Castiel sighed. “If you would all refrain from scaring Dean any further and give me a chance to explain, I would greatly appreciate it.”
“But—”
Rather than letting him come, Castiel pulled off his dick again, fingers still working him. “So beautiful, Dean. You’ve held on so long. Fuck, I bet you’re going to taste as good as you look.”
He would never admit it to anyone but sometimes when he was alone and drunk, he’d lay in bed imagining the taste of other men. Even in his hottest fantasies, though, he always thought come would be gross—bitter, maybe metallic. But Cas wasn’t like that: he tasted
. And anyway, it’s not like he could ask for an extension because some guy at the library played Cher until he lost his will to live.
“But you’re—”
“No,” he said, standing up to close the distance between them. “I wanted to deliver it in person. We had a deal, after all.” He smirked, inches away from the other man.
Everything looked, surprisingly, the same as it always did. Dean apartment was still just that—his apartment. Castiel wasn’t entirely sure what he’d expected but it felt like too much had happened for the table to still be in the center of the kitchen, the couch demarcating the living from dining areas. It was the same simple, comfortable, home it had always been—long before Castiel had entered it and probably, he thought sadly, would remain after Dean closed this chapter of his life.
“No!” Sam sputtered, clearly surprised by his brother’s reaction. “Well, I don’t know.” He paused, eyebrows knitting together in concern. “Everyone’s kind of worried that maybe you, you drank too much and—” He stopped, looking sternly at Dean who seemed to have deflated a bit under his words. “Dean.” He said softly, comfortingly. “What’s going on? What happened?”
“Almost 24, I guess.”
“Speak, Balthazar.” He sighed, unable to handle the oppressive quiet a moment longer.
“The captain set up roadblocks at all the exits,” he blurted out. Cas’ eyes widened, but he didn’t look entirely surprised. “Called all the surrounding towns to do the same.” They stared at each other in silence for a long time, before Dean finally flushed and turned away. “They’ll catch you if you leave.” He whispered, refusing to look at the other man.
Castiel came with a cry, Dean fucking him through his orgasm and murmuring, “I’ve got you, I’m here Cas,” as he came a second later. Pulling back he cupped Castiel’s face and kissed him feverishly, and Castiel finally let go, sobbing boneless and tired against him.
Dean’s whole face crumbled, “Cas—”
The peculiar expression deepened before he darted his eyes toward the floor. “See ya’, Cas.” He sighed, ducking out the front door.
“Meg—”
“Going to jerk off. Touch myself in your bed.” Cas’ breath was ragged, voice low and gravel rough. “Only going to let you—uh—listen. Want you to do it,” he moaned lewdly, making Dean’s cock twitch, “silently. Don’t want to hear a—ah—single—ah—sound from you. Understand?”
He stood in front of the bed, watching Cas sip the coffee. The man made a face, meeting Dean’s gaze coldly. “This the best coffee you have, baby? I can’t say I’m impressed.” He shook his head, taking another long sip. Dean rocked back and forth on the balls of his feet, waiting for Cas to let him touch. “Not impressed at all.” He set the cup down and leaned back against the headboard, pumping his fist a little faster.
He watched Michael slump further into his chair, pressing the heels of his palm to his eyes. The quiet of the room settled back down on them and he realized with a kind of abject horror the full implication of that unnerving silence.
: at least it’s a different song every week
“Cas! Castiel! Angel of the fuckin’ mob, Sammy.”
“I suppose. We’ll need to have cars waiting, form a blockade. He won’t come willingly once he realizes where they’re headed.”
Much to his dismay, the apartment was dark and quiet when he got there—the clock in the kitchen said 7:01. He sighed, it wouldn’t be long before Dean was home and he could work out some tension. In the mean time, he poured himself a drink and wandered toward the couch. There was a picture frame on the side table he hadn’t noticed before. It a young looking boy with a diploma and graduation cap. The brother? he though, bring the frame closer to his face. Just then there was a rattling at the door.
Castiel bit his lip again, remembering how many time he’d praised Dean’s beauty through the words of others. How many times he’d mooned over the perfection of mind and body that was detective Dean Winchester, never imagining that one day they’d end up tangled together in bed.
“Want you to kneel on the floor in front of the mirror.” Cas growled into his open, swollen mouth, kissing him desperately before sitting up enough to let Dean move.
“Oh, what’re you going to do Dean? You going to bite me for threatening—”
“Think about it, Dean. An operation this scale? He’d be risking the lives of a lot of people if he told you. He’d be risking your life if he brought you into this mess.”
Dean hugged his body tightly, feeling suddenly empty. The apartment already felt too quiet, loneliness creeping in around him. He closed his eyes and tried to will the feeling away.
Castiel sighed, trying not to roll his eyes. “Thank you, Meg.”
“I wish!” She sighed dreamily. “But no, guess again.”
“Uh-huh.” Cas nodded sternly, hands reaching out through the bars to grasp the waist of Dean’s pants, long fingers running along the waistband before sharply tugging him closer. Inches away, he could feel the heat of the other man’s breath ghost across his lips when he spoke. “Know what I think, Dean?”
“You,” Dean breathed, continuing only when Castiel arched an eyebrow in curiosity, “about you—uh, l-licking me.”
Tenderly, he ran his hands up and down his body, letting his fingers brush against the soft material. He closed his eyes, biting back a smile as he trailed over the head of his cock. The feeling made him moaned lewdly, arching his back with the pleasure. Carefully he began stroking himself through the fabric, setting a slow rhythm, not wanting to finish too quickly. Other hand pinching at his nipples, making him gasp, before eventually dragging down to message his balls.
He felt nervous and vulnerable so he plastered on the cockiest smirk possible and tried to turn the conversation into something light, easy. "I reward all my good boys." He said offhandedly, dropping onto a chair at the table. When he looked back, Dean was frowning, eyes distant and sad. Castiel was surprised. He hadn’t even said anything horrible or demoralizing. He wanted to ask him what was wrong but knew that he couldn't so instead he became frustrated, angry with Dean. Who said he could be sad? Who gave him permission to stop smiling?
Hesitantly, he set the bag on the table. Sam, he thought, thinking that Sam had probably switched the coffee the last time he was over. Dean huffed a laugh at how ridiculous he was being over a freaking bag of ground coffee beans, and reached for the note. He very carefully unfolded the paper, frowning when he saw what was written on it. Scrawled immaculately in blue pen was, xoxo, and nothing more.
Cas smiled indulgently and brought his lips back to Dean’s oversensitive cock, trailing kisses up and down for a second before breathing, “Come for baby boy,” and taking him all the way back into his throat at the same time that his finger struck his prostate again. Dean shouted, head smashing back against the concrete floor as Cas ripped his orgasm from his body.
Castiel smiled apologetically, taking the comment for what it was, an acknowledgement that he’d caused Dean a lot of turmoil ever since their meeting. Guilt overwhelmed him and he tried to pull his hand free but Dean only tighten his grip, dropping his voice and staring directly at Castiel, “That’s not what I meant.”
It didn’t take a detective to see that there’d been some kind of struggle. Blood was everywhere inside, splattered across the walls, pooled on the floor, and—oh god, yeah—covering the small pile of bodies in the center a few feet away from where they were standing. “What happened here?” Benny asked, the first to break their horrified silence.
“Who’re the dead guys?” Benny cut in.
“Yes, Cas.” He breathed, nodding obediently. “Anything you want.”
“Yeah, the guy you’re screwing!”
This was unfortunately true. He’d once overheard the person on the other side of his office eat the world’s largest salad, then cry for a solid half hour before falling asleep.
“No.” Cas snarled, “Those sounds belong to me; want to hear every one of your sweet little moans. Want to know how much you want me.” Before he knew it Cas was taking the full length of his cock back into his mouth and sucking like his life depended on it. This time Dean let the sounds fall freely from his lips as he focused his energy on not snapping his hip forward, arms straining with the effort of keeping them in place.
“Michael and Lucifer plotted against him, however, and eventually succeeded in overcoming him. They split the empire in two and each took over a section. Though, they never fully trusted one another—”
“Okay. Who is Cas?”
They stayed like that for a minute, Dean running a hand through his hair as he cried and shook underneath him. Dean pressed kisses to his tear-stained cheeks, his eyes, nose, forehead, and back down to his lips until Castiel managed to pull himself together enough to stop crying.
“No, I, I wanted to but I didn’t. I swear.” Dean stuttered out a second later, each nervous word more exciting than the last.
“Oh really?”
“W-what?” He stuttered, sure that he’d misheard.
“Yes, Dean?” The sleepy rumble of Castiel’s voice filled him with warmth. This was his, he was allowed to want this, allowed to worry and ask questions.
“And you’re a desperate, desperate man.”
“Mine,” he growled, “You belong to me, no one else can touch you.” His thrusts had lost any semblance of rhythm as that tight white-hot feeling built up the pressure in his body. “No one else can—ah—can use your mouth. D-Dean!” He shouted, slamming into Dean one more time and coming right down his throat. Castiel held him like that until he was completely spent, amazed that Dean had continued gently sucking, milking him for that he was worth.
He hummed appreciation as he swallowed, eyes turning to stare directly into the worried green ones in front of him. "The beans are stale.” He said matter-of-factly, setting the mug back down on the counter. “But I appreciate the effort. You may have one kiss."
“It’s later than you think. Go.”
“Mind keeping them company? I’ll go check in with Bobby, see if we can’t get them a ride home.”
He sighed, frowning at the bag in front of him. “I don’t know, Sammy.” He mumbled, considering whether to tell Sam about the coffee. After all, it could be some kind of weird prank but if he took the risk and asked him, it would mean having to talk about, well, that night, and that was just not going to happen. “I’m, uh, I think I’m coming down with something.” The words came out fast, almost panicked. “I would’ve called in but I fell asleep at the table.” Then, as an after thought, added, “I’m fine. Really. I’ll call Bobby.”
Dean nodded in understand. “And when Lucifer starts acting all sketchy thinking Michael’s gone and killed his favorite henchman, Alastair—”
“You can talk to me, Cas. Whatever it is, you can always talk to me. I lov—”
Dean woke up ten minutes later, feeling better than he had in years. He could hear that Cas was still there, making noises in his kitchen. He also heard the sound of Cas speaking and he strained to catch the words. It sounded like he was on the phone.
“That is one difficulty, yes.”
“I suppose I’ll be otherwise engaged,” Castiel grinned mischievously, “evaluating the benefits of tightness.”
“Yeah,” He said as lewdly as possible, “I’m sure you hashed them out again and again and a—”
“I trust Dean,” Anna added, “And I trust Castiel. Without Dean’s help we don’t have a plan, so I think it’s worth the risk.”
“I couldn’t,” Dean said, and then, almost a whisper: “I’ve never. Before. I’ve never, uh—”
“A romantic.” He corrected mock-sternly.
“Okay,” the man nodded solemnly, “okay. What do you want me to do?”
He might as well be burning my arm with smokes
“Hey Cas,” he smiled weakly, “gave us all a scare.”
Dean breathed a small sigh of relief. Kevin was fresh in from the academy, a bit of a nerd, real nervous about being in the field. He wouldn’t come in; he was sane enough to be scared of Castiel.
“But if it isn’t him—”
You can literally hear people eating through these walls, no way he doesn’t know
“Expect my call later this evening, after I’ve spoke with my brother.”
, he couldn’t be. He was just the only person dumb enough to get on his knees like a—
“You’re sorry I find this upsetting? What the hell are you, some kind of emotionless robot? ‘Course I find this upsetting! You freakin’ lied to me Cas, right to my face again and again. You made me think you cared about me, that I actually meant something to you.”
“Whatever.” He twirled the cord around his fingers, thinking about his next move. If Bobby was knocking him off the case, maybe he could just work from home through Kevin. “Okay, brief me. I want to know what the plan is, immediate and long term.”
“Until later, my friend.” Castiel chuckled, as he pulled out of the driveway and headed back down the highway toward Michael’s.
“Good boy,” Castiel smiled and lowered his mouth to pepper kisses up the length of Dean’s hard cock, catching drops of bitter precome on his lips as he went.
In the years prior to their meeting, Castiel had uncovered much information about Sam and his relationship to Dean—their mother had passed in a fire when they were children, their father was a police officer at the time but quickly lost his job in a downward spiral of revenge and alcoholism. By the time Dean was sixteen, John himself passed hunting down the arsonists rumored to have murdered Mary. From what he could tell, Dean had raised his younger brother as though he were a son and remained the single most important person in his life.
“My love,” he said, fastening their lips together before Castiel had a chance to respond to the words, swallowing his shock in a desperate assault of tongues and teeth. Despite everything, they were both quickly getting hard again, kisses turning more and more passionate until they were both panting into each other’s mouths.
Castiel yawned again and pulled away, “They’ll come around.” He was far enough away to look Dean in the eyes but not far enough to leave the warm circle of his arms. This intimacy wasn’t something he should allow but after being away from the man for so many days, after the hollow ache that accompanied their parting, Castiel found himself wanting to cling pathetically to him. “You can kiss me. If you want.” He murmured, leaning in again.
Fingers traced the line of his jaw, green eyes searching every inch of his face for something. “Cas,” Dean breathed, frowning with concern. “Who do you think you’re pretending to be?”
“Rise and shine, Cassie!” Balthazar shouted, beaming wildly at the scene before him.
“Bobby,” he started but the older man cut him off.
“I’m unaware of your sleeping patterns.” He huffed, eyes darting around the apartment. This call was taking too long and Dean’s sleep was tenuous at best.
Dean’s gripped tightened around his torso. “I know,” he breathed into Castiel’s skin.
“Stop.” Dean croaked, their eyes meeting in the mirror. “Can you, w-want you to, to leave them on.” He was red with embarrassment again but Cas just made a wild, animalistic sound before sharply tugging the silk material to one side and exposing his hole. The cold air of the room set his skin on edge and he clenched involuntarily, a sight that only seemed to make the other man crazy.
“Balthazar!” Castiel shouted, scandalized as his friend dissolved into laughter. Dean grunted from the back, shifting restlessly in his sleep.
Thankfully, the man nodded, eyes dark with his own arousal and lips parting eagerly. It was consent enough and Castiel grabbed a fistful of Dean’s hair with his free hand, pulling him onto his length so that those beautiful swollen lips were spread tightly around him. This was almost better than the first time just by virtue of having full use of his hands, being able to grab and push and hold Dean.
The other man just laughed, “That was the hottest thing I’ve ever seen, gorgeous. You don’t need to apologize.” Dean leaned against Castiel’s leg, too weak to do anything else.
Standing in the center of the frame was Castiel and man, did he look good. Absently, he noticed that the man looked more exhausted than usual, his suit slightly more rumpled, hair an absolute disaster. It made Dean want to smile. Behind him, he could see a number of officers face down at their desks. They looked alive, like they’d all just spontaneously decided to fall asleep. Cas made a startled sound, drawing his attention back to the surprised looking man in front of him.
“In all likelihood, Lucifer is either planning to murder you or undermine your leadership—making a grab for power. If you confront him, it’ll only give him more time to play his games, to gather his followers and attack.”
Before he could fully register what was happening, his legs were inching closer. It wasn’t until he was standing inches away from where Castiel was cuffed to the table that he stopped, nervous. What the fuck was he doing? Dean swallowed hard. Everything felt fuzzy like he was drunk or concussed or—or something. His brain had shut off, that’s all he knew. His brain had shut off and let his body take over. And his body, well, it
“Turn over, baby,” he whispered into the skin of Dean’s boneless body. He obeyed, rolling over slowly to lie on his back. Castiel’s breathed hitched when he saw the other man—his cock hard and leaking against his stomach. Dean was obviously embarrassed, lifting a hand to cover himself that Castiel just batted away, smirking, “You like it when I touch your body, don’t you? Like it when I worship you?”
Sam watched him silently for a minute and then asked, very seriously, “Are you drunk?”
“Cassie,” he sighed resignedly, “I’ve followed you this far, I’m not giving up on you now. But do you really think this idiot can help us? Because from where I’m sitting, he’s just a pretty face and a set of holes.”
He’d never let anyone look at him like this. Dean felt vulnerable and nervous, but more than that, he felt eager, wanting. “So beautiful.” Cas breathed, and Dean could feel his breath against him, the sensation making Dean gasp. Before he knew what was happening Cas was slowly, reverently, dragging his thumb against the rim of his hole. He moaned in response, hips bucking forward without his permission.
“Enough. I have no intention of killing him.”
Balthazar gaped down at him. “I’m supposed to sit there half the night waiting for them to call? And where will you be?” He demanded, clearly irritated.
“Yeah,” Dean’s breath was hot against his lips, “’s real good, Cas. Bring the other one down, just like I showed you.”
Dean felt like he was going to be sick, the whole room seemed to spin around him and he gripped the edge of the table to keep from falling. Cas was at large again, and if Dean knew him at all, he’d be out for blood. Dean’s blood to be exact, and likely anyone that had aided in his arrest too. He swallowed, “I’ll be right in—”
“Wanted this since we started—ah—playing this game of cat and mouse.”
“No, Dean.” He said, sounding more tired than ever. “You are the only detective I have ever enjoyed—”
“How does that saying go, little brother? He must have been ‘working like a dog’? Or, wait, is it ‘like a dog in heat’?” Through the phone, he could hear the distinct sound of giggling.
It struck him that maybe this whole thing had been a mistake and that these were meant for some beautiful woman living in the building. All of the gifts made so much more sense—the coffee, the scotch, the lingerie, it was all for some tasteful lady. He almost wanted to laugh. All this time he’d been so confused, so concerned. Feeling relieved, he bent down to pick up the note that had fallen, hoping for some clue as to who the packages really belong to.
“Maybe we should continue this conversation tomorrow,” Balthazar interjected, mercifully stopping a fight from breaking out, “after everyone’s had a chance to sleep.”
“So I’m friggin’ benched? I caught the son of bitch in the first place!”
Dean panted, “Yours, Cas, yours!” feeling his orgasm building. His legs trembled violently with pleasure, his body wrecked and pliant.
“You needed to, it’s okay.”
“It’s okay,” he said dazedly, still leaning into their kiss even after Castiel had wandered away to get dressed. The view of which was fantastic—the way he bent down, showing off the perkiness of his ass, the curve of his spine, the taper of his waist—making Dean groan quietly to himself. When the other man was done dressing, he bent over the bed for one last gentle kiss and Dean took the opportunity to straighten his crooked tie. Cas smiled, “Bye, baby,” he breathed hotly, “be good while I’m gone.”
Behind him, he could hear Castiel’s sharp intake of breath. Encouraged, he pressed himself even closer to the bars so that there was barely any distance between them. There was a long silence and he was just about to turn when he heard Cas moving, kneeling so that he was in direct view of his hole.
He gave Dean’s balls a firm tug before the man managed to gasp out, “Oil! In th-the kitchen, Cas, please!”
"Y-yeah." Dean stuttered, looking unsure.
“Okay.” Dean ceded, looking at Castiel with such an earnest eagerness that his body felt like it had been set on fire—every inch of him itching to wrap that beautiful man up in his arms, to pepper kisses across that willing face, whisper exaltations into every inch of freckled skin. It was impossible how lucky he was to have found such treasure, Dean was willing to give him so much, give him everything.
Dean shivered, eyes falling to the curve of Castiel’s lips. He wanted to kiss him so bad, to push his tongue into that perfect mouth. “Am I warm?” Cas whispered, leaning forward to gently nip at Dean’s lower lip and eliciting some undignified sound from Dean in the process.
“Dean, enough. Get in the back.” He said calmly, moving to open the back door. The click of Dean’s jaw snapping shut was audible, the displeasure at taking Balthazar’s insults clear, but he obeyed all the same.
“Gabriel, please.” He said, exasperated.
“W-what?”
And with that they walked silently and awkwardly toward Dean’s car. Needless to say, driving to the hospital after humiliating himself once again in front of Dean was not what he’d imagined his first time in the Impala.
“I believe I was talking to your master, pet.”
He glared and snatched the computer back, facing turning eight shades of red in the process. “I was just reading an article he posted—”
Suddenly, Castiel felt uncomfortable. This was too much; it felt like Dean had weaseled his way into some part of him where no one was allowed. He wanted to put distance between them, even as his body refused to let go. Finally, he managed to detach himself and turned toward the table.
“Lay low for tonight,” she sniffed, “Inias is going in now, to see if he’s alive. Bu-but otherwise I think we should all just try to get some sleep. Figure things out tomorrow.”
Castiel’s hand tightened minutely on the cool metal of the colt, thumb brushing against the engraving as he tried to focus on getting as far from the police station as possible. It was useless, though; his mind kept tripping over the danger, the risk, the stupidity of choosing this. What made it worse was the knowledge that there was absolutely no practical or strategic reason for bringing Dean along. He was risking everything, everyone for some pretty little distraction.
“I really wanna kiss you right now.”
The minute Castiel got back into the car, he let out a long, exhausted sigh. His whole body was thrumming with the leftover adrenaline from what could have been, form all the terrible possibilities that had built up in his mind and body throughout the day. He drove swiftly and recklessly toward Dean’s apartment, imagining all the things he was going to do with the man when he got there.
“You know what, screw you Cas.”
“Like this?” Castiel mumbled.
“You want me to steal for you?” Dean looked at him now, angry and confused. “Boy, you must really think I’m desperate.”
“Then one day he just up and starts slashing people bloody? And starts with Alastair Rolston? I mean, Dean, the guy is definitely one of the high ups in the Hell’s Army, it can’t be a coincidence.”
Garth laughed, a large goofy grin breaking out across his face. “Robert,” he said, looking around the circle of people as though waiting for everyone else to get his joke. Apparently, Jessica did because her face split into a giant grin and she had to bite her lip to keep from laughing.
“Yeah, but he doesn’t seem like a bad guy. After you went to bed I stayed up awhile researching him. I was pretty angry with you, wanted to know how bad the situation really was. So I looked through the files you had here—”
Cas smirked, “You scratch my back, I’ll scratch—.”
’s good boy again.
“A stalemate, yeah. Think about it—make their power base too weak and insecure to keep its lesser members, take-out the big bosses somehow.”
“Oh come on, Dean. Lighten up. I’m willing to make a deal.”
“Yes you did.”
Sam gave him this pinched, frustrated look, like he knew Dean was lying but wasn’t going to press the issue. He felt guilty, hating lying to his brother but sometimes it was just better that he didn’t know everything. If he ever found about that it was Dean’s fault Ca—Novak got away, he’d never look at him the same way again. They stared at each other for a long time in silence before Sam got up and started trying to pull some breakfast together.
There was just enough light in the room to make out how hungry Cas looked, like he was going to devour Dean. That thought sent another confusing mix of fear and heat coiling through his body, and with the way Cas was grinding his erection against him, he didn’t stand a chance. Against his better judgment, Dean could feel himself getting harder and harder. He closed his eyes and let out a muffled groan.
He sat up so that he was straddling the man just below his cock and leaned forward to kiss a trail down Dean’s chest, hands rubbing gentle circles as they followed his mouth lower. Castiel reached across the bed for the lotion, using it to slick up his fingers and then wrap his hand around Dean’s pink, swollen cock. The pace he set was slow, too slow to make the other man come but just enough pressure and speed to bring him to the edge.
It occurred to him then that fluffy towels might be one of the only indulgences the man allowed himself. In the years before meeting, when they’d scrambled to learn the details of each other’s lives, he’d never known Dean’s relationships to last more than the night. Considering how touch starved he seemed, Castiel wondered how long it had been since he’d known genuine affection—a comforting touch that extended beyond the warm towels and sheets he surround himself with.
Castiel sat in his car, breathing heavily with his forehead on the steering wheel. He longed for Dean’s comfort, even though he knew he didn’t deserve it. In some ways, he thought, it would have been easier to die. It would have been better if Michael had simply ended his life, liberated him from this guilt.
“It took you the whole night to make a deal with the cop?”
“Tell you what, Detective.” Cas’s voice dropped low, barely above a whisper. “You scratch my back,” he purred, “I’ll scratch yours.”
“Y-yes.” Their eyes were locked in the mirror, as Cas reached around to the front of the panties and coated his fingers with the cooling come. Dean sucked in a breath, knowing what was about to happen, whole body thrumming with anticipation.
“Yeah, yeah, I know. Bitch.”
“Want to, want to kiss you, Cas. C-can I?”
Cas was stretched out on the cot at the back of cell. His eyes were closed, hands clasped behind his head, and from this position Dean could see just how toned The Angel was. The way his shirt was pulled tight around his biceps, how it had ridden up to show off the jut of his hipbones, how his pants hugged those thick thighs. Dean tried not to sigh.
Castiel smiled sweetly as he walked back into the bedroom, kissing his perfect boy on the cheek before shucking his clothes and hopping into bed. “Prep yourself in the washroom, after you brush your teeth. Use the lotion on the counter.”
“Stand up and face me if you want to finish.” Dean pulled himself up on shaking legs, tears brimming in his eyes. “Touch yourself, baby. Come for me. I want to see you, gorgeous.”
“I don’t have time for this. Tell me or I leave.”
“I don’t want to just hear your pleasure. I,” Castiel faltered, suddenly feeling like maybe he shouldn’t have offered to relinquish control like that. He considered rescinding the offer but realized that this was something that he wanted. “It’s not enough just to hear you. I want to feel you come apart in every way.”
Castiel smiled at the prospect of everything coming together so simply. “We’ll all go to Dean’s, then, it’s settled.” They all looked relieved, spirits higher than they had been in weeks. There was a solid plan, now and it was all thanks to Dean.
“I missed you.” He said with a hopeful smile that Dean didn’t return. Sighing, he added, “And I needed a favor.”
“No,” Castiel said, grabbing the gun from the shelf. “You’re coming with me.”
“You cut off all of its heads at once.”
Castiel pinched the bridge of his nose—this was precisely the problem. They had to make it look real enough that the police department and the news reporters would believe it. Which was likely impossible given that—
“I don’t think you want that, Dean. I think you want to keep being my good,” he thrust sharply, “perfect,” another thrust, “baby.” He set up a punishing rhythm, fucking hard into to Dean’s body nailing his prostate every time he pushed back in. His hand picked up speed, now pumping in time with his cock.
“Yes, Dean.” He mumbled.
The panic was steadily rising in him. Michael had been implying it all along: everyone had to die. This was tantamount to how he’d envisioned this meeting; from the moment he’d set foot in this house he’d resigned himself to die. It felt even more appropriate now, considering the horrors that had been committed because of him, the lives that had been taken because of his little trick.
Castiel smiled, “That’s perfect baby, now go get your shirt.”
Once on the ground he pushed himself as close as he could to the cell bars, going so far as to push as much of his legs through them as he could. It hurt, the cold metal pushing into his skin but it was worth it for the murmured, “Good boy,” that came from above him.
“Castiel,” he said like he was testing the way the name felt in his mouth. “Yeah, cool.” There was another sound from behind them, “Alright well, that’s my queue to leave. Can’t wait to hear what you think of the book, Cas.” Dean smiled wolfishly before jogging down to deal with whatever was going on at the other end of the pool.
“Don’t worry, Gabriel told me all about your engagements. I’ve heard a lot about firmness, Cassie, but have you considered the benefits of tightness?”
Enough time went by that he wondered if Dean had fallen asleep. He considered not saying anything but something about the way this conversation had ended sat wrong with him. Suddenly, he felt nervous. “I could,” he began, not entirely sure what he was offering. There was a long pause before he finally continued speaking, slowly, softly, “I could stop. Seeing them, that is. If you want.”
“Cas,” Dean said, once they were dressed, touching his arm compassionately. Despite himself, Castiel placed his hand overtop of Dean’s. “Where are you, man?” He whispered, twining their fingers together.
Normally, this would be enough to make him want her—Meg was, after all, both attractive and easy, two qualities he very much enjoyed—but today was different, he wasn’t interested. “I’m here or information, nothing more.”
He was so lost thinking of all the ways to please Dean that it took him a minute to realize that the man was standing in front of him, dressed sharply in a sleek black suit. Castiel admired him for a moment, before walking him toward the door. An unreadable expressed passed through green eyes, hand coming up to rub the back of his neck awkwardly as he spoke, “Um, well, I guess, I’ll see you later then.”
“I only kept my distance for the good of the family.”
A second later his phone beeped.
It took a second to mentally calm himself down and muster the courage to lean forward and press their lips together. It was a big chance—either Cas would be disgusted by his forwardness or turned on by it. His lips were soft and warm and surprisingly they opened almost immediately, allowing Dean to lick into his mouth. The fingers around his wrist tightened briefly but other than that, the man didn’t do anything else. He just kept them both steady while Dean’s tongue-fucked him.
“Cas,” the man just hummed his response, scrapping a pile of eggs and bacon onto Dean’s plate. “I, um, what are you—I mean, what do we do now.”
“You think I’m not aware of the dangers?” He snapped, eyes darting back to make sure Dean was still completely asleep. When he spoke again his voice was a harsh whisper, “That I didn’t consider the consequences for everyone?”
It was days before Dean finally figured out what to do about the whole situation. The first problem was actually locating Castiel, which proved to be about as difficult as could be expected. Even with the full force of the police department finding the man had been impossible, so trying it along was pointless.
From the bathroom, Dean made a strangled sound as the second lotion-covered finger stretched his hole wider. His hand thrust frantically, driving the fingers into his body as deep and hard as possible. Even from this distance Castiel could see the muscle clenching tightly on each delicious drag, clearly trying to make himself feel fuller.
“I have,” he paused, clearly considering whether or not to tell the truth, then sighed resignedly. “I have an inside man.”
,” Dean snapped his pencil in two. The music continued to float undaunted through the thin walls of his carrel, the shitty concrete box of an office he’d been given in the library. Though, really, to call it an office was a gross mischaracterization of what amounted to a 4x4 prison cell whose only redeeming feature was the illusion of privacy. The promise of space away from dickhead undergrads and group project meetings and every other kind of obnoxious distraction.
“If you don’t like my plan, then maybe you can offer some suggestions? How’re you gonna fake death certificates, huh?” Dean fumed. “I’m tired of listening to you dicks whine about secrecy. What’s the point in keeping it secret if you can’t actually do anything to enact your freakin’ plans!”
“That’s not what you said before.”
“What are you willing to do for it, Dean?”
“Do you want to be apart of this?” He demanded, frustrated that they weren’t back at the car yet.
“Balthazar, this is hardly the appropriate time.”
He laughed a strange over-exhausted kind of laugh. “Well, go then.” He smiled, “I’m gonna stay here a bit longer, I think.”
They didn’t talk except for the few directions he gave to guide them to his house. The quiet in the impala felt cold and he half expected Dean to just throw him out of the moving car when got to his house. Instead, the man actually parked the car, pulling all the way into his driveway. Everything was silent for a while longer before Castiel finally couldn’t take it anymore. “I’m sorry about the other day.” He said, staring at where his hands were folded on his lap. “For running away like that.”
Their eyes locked in the mirror and, without any protest or further instruction, Dean bent over so that his chest was pressed against the cold counter and ass in the air to give Castiel a good view. It was easy to imagine how hard those perky little nipples were getting against the cold granite and, given his unusual sensitivity in that area, Castiel could imagine how much it was increasing his pleasure.
Castiel hummed, playing with their fingers—twining and touching and holding them together. “I sent you all those poems. Before we met, that is.”
The car settled into a sort of tense, uneasy silence and it was clear that Balthazar was trying to stop himself from saying something. They’d only been driving for ten minutes when Dean finally fell asleep, cheek pressed against the window and warm breath causing condensation to form on the glass. Castiel had to stop himself from sighing. Dean was so beautiful like that—still flushed from earlier, eyelashes splayed over freckled cheeks, lips relaxed and parted. It was nearly impossible to keep his eyes trained on the road, to pull his gaze away from the sweet man resting in the back seat.
He smiled. “I was wondering when you’d show up.”
“You actually think he wants to teach you techniques or something?”
“I’m not—I need time to process this. Get some sleep.”
“D-Dean?”
“I don’t want to talk.”
Dean shifted nervously and Castiel looked up from where he’d been watching the small bud harden under his fingers. “I meant tomorrow. I, uh, don’t exactly have any clothes here.”
Blood rushed to Dean’s face and pounded in his ears. His eyes slipped involuntarily to the barely visible bulge in Castiel’s suit pants. “Um,” he said dumbly, his mouth suddenly too dry to speak.
He tapped his pencil on a battered copy of The Crying of Lot 49, breathing deep and slow and steady. This was fine, this would be fine. Every week it was the same: the guy chose a song and then played it for eight hours straight, and every week Dean survived. The noise was a mild inconvenience anyway, a hazard of working in the library—there was no reason to get upset about things you couldn’t change. No reason to get upset about people doing inconsiderate, un-fucking-believably selfish—
“Hello, Dean.” He greeted, forcing all the emotion from his voice—worried that maybe in the light of day his pretty would regret all the fun they had the night before. Curious as to the source of the sounds, Castiel peered over his shoulder, careful to keep their bodies from touching until he had a better read on the other man’s mood.
He hummed, “It wasn’t pertinent.”
“Frustrated yet, Dean?”
“Should I ring you after I’ve, uh, delivered your flowers? Let you know how your cousin’s doing?”
Castiel’s face fell and he titled his head, trying to make sense of what Dean had just said. “That would be impossible. You didn’t know our plans until this minute.”
“Good. You don’t come until I say you can, okay baby?” He purred, trailing a hand reverently across Dean’s chest.
“I can wait!” Dean snapped, looking worriedly at Castiel for a second before laying his head back down. “I can be good,” he mumbled, blush practically audible as he nuzzled against Castiel’s chest.
“I don’t know. But, okay, one thing that didn’t make any sense to me was why he picked Alastair in the first place.”
No, he thought firmly, shaking his to clear away this dangerous line of thought. It wouldn’t do to forget that Dean was a liability, a threat to their cause. The potential consequences of his actions were to be acknowledged and provisioned for, it was important that he not fall prey to that man’s—his—his wiles. This was a bad idea and that was a fact that couldn’t be forgotten. Still, the lingering weight of Dean’s lips made his skin feel feverish, mind looping with I trust you Cas and make me yours until he felt dizzy and breathless.
“Wait!” Dean called, breathless already. Castiel considered him curiously, startled by the urgent tone of his voice. His expression could only be described as demure: head bowed in submission, eyelashes fluttering slightly, cheeks a delicate pink. “I’m yours, you know, ” he murmured, cupping Castiel’s jaw. “I meant it—what I said last night.”
ok you gotta talk to him
What were these even supposed to be? If they were from Novak, he should probably report the break-ins. After all, it would mean that the man was back in the city and pretty close by, too. The things themselves could also end up being pretty dangerous. What if the scotch was poisoned or the objects were some kind of threat, a warning that The Angel could break in at any time?
Cas chuckled, pressing himself harder against Dean’s body. “I knew you’d want it.” He breathed. “See, I’m a bit of an expert on you too. I know you’re a filthy little boy.” He ran the hand that had been wrapped around his ankle down his thigh, making Dean moan and spill his legs open wider. He moved up Dean’s length, stopping to massage the head of his cock through his boxers.
Castiel fanned his fingers out, taking care to catalogue the sensation of Dean’s body beneath him—warm and soft, firm muscles shifting slightly as he breathed—before burying his face against the man’s sweet smelling skin. It was intoxicating. He wanted to live inside the moment.
“Because, I’m,” she stopped tossing clothes in the air long enough to narrow her eyes at him. He gestured awkwardly at his body.
They locked eyes, staring intently. “I want you to pull my hair, to touch me while I suck your dick.” Castiel said seriously.
“Correct.”
“I can’t believe you drive this.” He called, sliding over to the passenger’s seat.
"Going to—uh," Castiel grunted shifting and sliding in even deeper than either of them would have thought possible, "ruin you, baby. Going to spoil you with my cock so nothing else will ever satisfy you again."
“I’m not, you know.” Castiel blurted suddenly, not even aware the words were his own.
“Alright, so what do we do now?”
Had he been ten years younger, his cock would’ve been hard again in a second. As it was, he just squirmed slightly, reveling in the feeling of lace dragging roughly against his still sensitive skin. This wasn’t the time, anyway. This was a thank you, something to repay the other man for the gentle touches and kindness of the night before. Without another tempting thought, he yanked on a pair of pants over the fabric and finished getting dressed.
Standing in the hall he was reminded of what a perfect spot this was for a carrel. Behind the stacks, just out of the way of any other study spaces so no students congregated nearby. It was even in the boring section of the library, with nothing but dusty old manuscripts no one ever checked out or came by to pick through. Perfectly secluded, the best spot to study—or kill the guy you shared a wall with.
“Boy, I don’t know how you knew about this but am I ever glad you did.” Bobby said solemnly, walking back toward the entrance to the munitions building. “If yer feelin’ squeamish you might not want to look,” was the only warning they got before the door was pulled open. The first thing that hit him was the smell, the coppery stench of blood and bodies. He cringed, stepping into the dark room.
“Anyone for a drink?” Balthazar smiled politely at Dean, “would the little lamb prefer a cup or a bowl?” Dean snarled but held his tongue as Gabriel snickered and kicked Balthazar away. A moment later he returned with a bottle of whiskey, three cups, and a small bowl.
The last thing he remembered before falling asleep was Dean’s deep voice whispering against his hair, “I love you, Cas.”
“What do you mean?” He asked, trying to keep his voice calm, emotionless.
“Well, these grunts are tired of putting our asses on the line for a coupla jerks like them. I don’t wanna kill, or rob, or anything. I wanna open up a candy shop, ‘kay kid? That’s it.”
“Balthazar,” Castiel said, voice sleep rough and clearly annoyed, a fact that totally didn’t make Dean smile smugly. “I told you,” he continued, stifling a yawn and leaning back against the bed frame, “to retrieve me. Breaking in was unnecessary.”
“Going to jerk off. Touch myself in your bed.” Cas’ breath was ragged, voice low and gravel rough. “Only going to let you—uh—listen. Want you to do it,” he moaned lewdly, making Dean’s cock twitch, “silently. Don’t want to hear a—ah—single—ah—sound from you. Understand?”
“Long enough to get the police involved—”
“Would Robert really be comfortable with helping criminals perpetrate crimes? Won’t that simply cause him to doubt both you and your brother. Sam, I would like nothing more than to have Robert’s help but I think it’s too great a risk.” Castiel said firmly with an edge of finality that silenced the entire group.
. He practically swooned. “Vonnegut fan?”
When they went to bed that night, he lay awake for hours stroking a hand through the man’s hair as he rested against his chest. It was so strange to go to sleep together without anything sexual transpiring between them, so strange to want that. He closed his eyes and tried to calm his nerves about the impending morning, tried to savor every second spent in the company of the beautiful man in his arms.
“Who cares Sammy! God,” he slurred almost incomprehensibly into the phone, “need to freakin’ lighten up.”
“For the record, I hate this idea.” He grouched, reluctantly considering his bathing suit options.
“Till then, Clarence. I can’t wait to see you after dinner.”
“Um, Castiel.”
there was no reason to do this—but he couldn’t stop. His fingers trembled, taking much longer to undo the zipper and drag Cas’s slacks and underwear down enough to free his erection. It was the first time he’d ever seen a man like this, and the sight made his stomach twist into knots. He licked his lips, letting out a shaky breath as he stared at the flushed head of another man’s cock.
A small voice in the back of his head wondered whether this was some kind of trap, like their whole relationship had been part of an elaborate set up to get the whole Lawrence police department in one place and—no. He refused to even consider the possibility. This was Cas, his Cas, if he said it was business then that’s what it was.
himself. How do I just go back to living my normal, human life now?”
“Don’t be an idiot, Dean. Go home, sleep. I don’t want to see your face again until tomorrow night.”
I also apologize in advance if the next chapter isn't up by next week, things will calm down after sunday so if I can't update before that I will update shortly after.
“Dean.” Cas breathed as he pulled away.
“What’s happened?” Castiel asked, tailing after him.
Well, shit. “How much did I tell you?”
Dean scrubbed a hand over his face. “So what am I supposed to do?”
Above him, Dean whimpered, hips stuttering reflexively, seeking friction. “You don’t have to,” he whispered, looking ashamed at Castiel who simply chuckled.
How’s that better?
“He’s still a criminal.”
Dean opened his eyes then, and Castiel had to stop himself from sighing—the man was beautiful, all nervousness replaced with a warmth, a wanting. He ran his hands down Dean’s legs to his shoes, untying them with slow, exaggerated movements and then setting them beside the belt. He reached for the socks next but stopped and, instead of removing them, ran his fingers firmly along the sole, digging into the tightly knotted muscle.
Suddenly Dean felt angry. He felt very, very angry. How dare Cas just show up like this unwelcome and unwanted, just when everything was starting to make sense again. Dean felt his body move without his permission, reaching up to push the other man away from him. Not expecting such a violent reaction, Cas hadn’t braced himself properly and ended up falling to the floor. Dean scrambled up the bed, drawing his knees in tight to hide his body. “No.” He hissed, glaring at the startled man on the floor. “You don’t get to do that.”
“Dean?”
“Cas, you idiot.” He said fondly. “I don’t care how experienced you are.”
The sight made that same giddy-happy feeling unfurl inside him and when Dean finally sat, Castiel couldn’t help but twine their fingers together until the table. Despite his subtlety, Anna still saw and winked, nearly causing him to blush. From the corner of his eye, it looked like Dean might explode he was so happy.
“I have to get out of the city, Dean. There’s a plan.”
He got up uncertainly and walked over to the full-length mirror at the other end of the bedroom, sinking to his knees in front of it. Reflected in the glass was his own flushed face, spit slicked lips shining, small bruises around his torso where Cas had nipped and sucked at the skin. Eyes raked down until they finally landed on the panties. The image made him groan and he shifted around, letting the fabric slide against him.
From down the hall he could hear the sounds of someone in the kitchen, could smell eggs and coffee. Cas, he thought, he came back. Dean’s heart pounded excitedly in his chest and he jumped out of bed, not caring that the sudden movement made him want to keel over and die. It didn’t matter Cas came back, he hadn’t wanted to leave.
“No, I—” Dean turned his head around to face Cas. The man looked even more beautiful than before, eyes blown black, hand gently rubbing his own cock.
They stared between one another for what felt like hours, trapped in a pregnant pause, tension climbing and clawing its way into him until he could barely hold back a scream.
Gabriel sighed dramatically but conceded, letting himself be pulled into the kitchen. “So why’s your pet here? I thought you two were fighting.”
“Cas! Oh, g-god Cas!”
“You think you’re an expert, pretty?” His breath was hot and wet, sending a shiver through Dean’s body. “Think you know something about me?” The grip on his ankle tightened, keeping his legs spread as Cas pulled back enough so there bodies weren’t pressed together anymore. If he hadn’t been terrified, he might have tried to chase the warm weight as it left him. Instead, he just trembled slightly, the room suddenly almost too cold to bear.
“Sammy—”
Dean nodded, leaning back into Castiel’s hand. “Get on your knees, then. Ass up, face down. Now.” Cas growled, using his grip on Dean’s hair to push him to the ground. He wanted to yelp with the pain but bit his lip instead, not wanting to disappoint Cas any further.
Being here felt so good, so warm and comfortable. Dean’s body was even smoother than usual, the roughness edged out with sleep and all he wanted to do was press their bodies together until they were indistinguishable. The thought made his dick throb more urgently, automatically reaching down to cup Dean’s naked ass firmly.
“Y-yeah.” Castiel stuttered, voice a little rougher than normal.
His fingers continued to move, working the knots and exhaustion out with firm, steady touches. Dean groan inadvertently above him and Castiel smiled lopsidedly, feeling a burst of warmth and affection run through him. This hadn’t been the plan, he hadn’t intended on touching Dean like this, it just happened. He was pretty sure he hadn’t touched anyone like this ever and wasn’t even sure why he started doing it now. It felt good to press firmly along the soles of the other man’s feet, to use his thumbs to make Dean whine.
Tentatively, he took a seat at the kitchen table. Without turning around or acknowledging him, Cas leaned back to set a mug of coffee in front of Dean. He blinked down at the cup, marveling at Cas’s unparalleled ability to make him feel simultaneously worthless and cherished.
“Stay, Cas. Just stay the night with me.”
“About how big his biceps have gotten?” She teased. If it were physically possible to get any redder, that would have done it. Sure, Dean may have been tagged in a few new pictures but there was definitely an article somewhere on that page, too.
“You were so good today. So good for me.” The words were hot on his sweaty skin, making him preen and arch his back. The other man sighed above him, driving his fingers in deeper. “Want to reward you, gorgeous. Never would have escaped without you.”
“Yeah, ‘bout that, who the hell is working for you at the station?” Dean demanded.
“Said they were fine,” Dean’s voice was quiet and husky, smile tugging at his lips as a hand came up to rest on Castiel’s jaw, forcing him to look up.
“With all due respect, sir, I think you already have the answer to that question.”
“Vic,” he nodded, plastering on his warmest smile. “I see you’ve made some new friends, gonna introduce us?”
“I was contracted by Michael to terminate Robert Singer, yes. My guess is that this move is to placate me, considering the role Robert played in my capture.”
“We need to get Bobby. Now. Something’s happened in the factory district.”
“What?” He barked.
“Always.” Castiel said, grimacing slightly. “Balth. Tell them to call the lobby of Dean’s building, when it’s time.”
It wasn’t right, though. This was Dean’s reward—it wasn’t about what Castiel wanted. The trembling had to stop, he wasn’t going to be stressed or worried tonight. Tonight Castiel was going to take care of him, press his adoration into Dean’s skin with kisses and touches. He started rubbing a soothing circle into the over-heated skin of the man’s wrist. “Sit on the bed, baby. Right at the edge.” He purred.
He was doomed—his own best friend had sold him out. Dean wrapped a towel around his shoulders and helped him stand, “Come on, big guy. Let’s go.” He called over his shoulder, “You gonna be okay, Jo?”
Meg sighed. “You know I love to hear that husky voice of yours, but you mind telling me why I’m awake right now?”
Balthazar looked shocked for a moment before bursting out laughing, “You always do get even, huh, Cassie?”
“No.” Castiel said simply. “You’re not going to touch yourself today.”
“I know, beautiful.” Castiel cooed, hands running reverently down all those miles of freckled skin. “I know,” he whispered again and leaned down to suck a possessive mark onto his lover’s neck, fingers pressing bruises into the man’s hips.
He bit his lip, trying to ignore the way those big calloused hands felt sliding down his body. “But it should be doing,” Dean shifted, touching so far up his inner thigh that it made Castiel gasp, “this.” He moved the leg out. “Got it?”
Two days in, all those plans were thrown out the window when Charlie burst into his room without warning. “You’re never going to believe what I just found out!” She shouted, flopping on the bed dramatically.
“Dean. I need you to tell me who Cas is.” His brother’s voice sounded urgent and that made everything else seem urgent too.
Standing in the room now, he felt strangely self-conscious. This desire to justify the sparseness was ridiculous—Dean knew this wasn’t his real home; the man had already been inside his actual house during the police raid. He’d seen the walls of books, the poetry, the photographs, and even—Castiel smiled in remembrance—the painting of his own freckled face. Still, he was irrationally disappointed that they couldn’t be standing among his own furniture, his belongings, now.
“Somebody’s feeling bold.” Castiel murmured, digging his nails into a bruise and making the detective whimper with the pleasure-pain of it.
“You think he’s really that worried about your loyalties?” Gabriel asked.
“Michael? Why are you—”
“Cas,” he gasped, “where—”
“Um,” Dean said, dumbfounded. Castiel pinched the rim of his hole, causing Dean to thrust back involuntarily. When he finally slowed the movement of his fingers, Dean swallowed and, trembling, reach over to the phone. “H-hello?”
The door closed softly, leaving him feeling strangely sad and alone. For a long time he just sat staring at the screen, not even really looking at it anymore. Eventually enough was enough and he shut the computer, picking up his math book instead. Unfortunately, Anna was right. Exams weren’t going to go away just because Dean Winchester looked good in a bathing suit.
hopeless.
“Apologies. I am here now.”
Castiel grimaced, suddenly feeling a hundred times more anxious. What if Dean actually wanted him to do, well,
“If I told you to stay naked tomorrow, would you do it?”
Dean thought he was going to pass out. It took him the entire week just to look at them again, and the rest of the weekend to work up the courage to try a pair on. It was Monday and, thankfully, there was no sign of another gift. That’s when he decided to do it, to finally put one on. He closed his eyes and ran a hand reverently over the pile of fabric neatly stacked on his nightstand, fingers caressing the satin and lace and silk. He closed his hand around the pink silk, the bows just too much to resist. It was a beautiful pair, he had to admit, and as he pulled it free his heart started to beat with excitement.
“Hell yes it is!” He shouted, the anger mounting steadily. “If I’m going to steal you a gun I wanna freakin’ know why I’m doing it!”
“Yeah. But, look Cas.” Dean ran his hand along the curve of Castiel’s jaw, tangling his fingers in the soft hair behind his ear. He looked up, confused frown already in place. “Trust goes both ways. I can’t expect you to trust me if I don’t, you know, reciprocate.”
“Robert Singer,” he said, walking toward the large oak desk near Uriel. Castiel felt strangely as though he’d heard the name before, but couldn’t place it. “I’ve prepared a briefing for you, of course. I expect it done within the week. I’ll have them transfer the funds upon completion of the task. Is this agreeable?”
“I wanted to let you know that I might be late for dinner.” Castiel said calmly, hoping that Meg would pick up on their need for secrecy.
“You get anything outta him?” Benny asked, clapping Dean on the back.
“Oh, right. Almost forgot I’m about to help a criminal steal something from the police.”
Dean licked his lips, taking a deep breath before whispering the name, “Cas.”
“Dean. Captain Singer wanted me to put out the alert to all detectives,” Dean held his breath, suddenly knowing exactly what was going on. “It’s Castiel Novak. He’s—Dean, he’s escaped.”
“Jerk.”
“My boss? Bobby is a freakin’ dirty cop?” The panic had returned to Dean’s face as he glanced between the brothers frantically.
“What’s got your panties in a twist?” Shooting his brother a cocky grin as he walked back toward the kitchen table.
“Hands above your head—move them and I stop, understood?”
“Cassie here was dad’s favorite, the man wanted to give him everything—the whole damn empire.”
“That’s a good boy.” Feeling slightly boneless he slumped forward, and Cas had to steady him to keep him from falling. “Easy, baby. I’m not done with you, yet.” Holding Dean upright with one hand, he pushed the other into the wet panties and wrapped his hand around his oversensitive cock. “Want you to watch yourself taking my cock,” He breathed, fisting Dean until he started to harden again. “Going to watch yourself come untouched. Want you to see how hot you look, gorgeous.”
“It belongs to someone important. Who exactly is irrelevant for you.”
Of course he was tired of it, knew it was ridiculous to be infatuated with a guy he’d only ever known through hallway gossip and brief glimpses in the cafeteria. Castiel still remembered the first time they were ever in the same room together—Dean standing so close, the smell of leather and chlorine saturating the air between them.
“That’s it,” Cas gasped, the muscles in his thighs tensing. “See, you know how to do i-it.”
The trembling of Dean’s thighs was probably partly due to the strain of holding himself above Castiel but, if the wild sounds and ragged breaths were anything to go by, it was mostly from pleasure. He ran his hands soothingly up and down the other man’s muscular thighs, feeling the way they spasmed under his palms, then pulling them sharply down so that Dean was effectively sitting on his face.
Outside was cold and sobering, a welcome relief from the heady fog of sweat and sex saturating the evidence room, clouding his rational faculties. This was, in all honesty, possibly the worst and most reckless idea he’d ever actually acted upon—but lost in the swell of endorphins it had actually managed to seem like a good one. Now, with the benefit of wind-chilled clarity, it was so painfully obvious how close his actions were to ruining the whole plan.
“Kiss me, tell me I’m good.” The words came out barely louder than a whisper, eyes looking down in shame. There was only a split second before Cas bent down to captured his lips in a fierce kiss, one that made Dean moan and gasp and press his body into the firm line of muscle above him.
“Dean.” He warned but couldn’t keep the small grin from his own face.
“Shoot, baby.”
“I think you should go to bed now.” Sam said very seriously, getting up from where he’d been sitting on the bed.
“You wouldn’t tell them.” Dean looked back in time to see a smile pull at the corner of Cas’ lips.
“Dean, it’s not like that. I,” he faltered, eyes looking defiantly at Dean. “I care about you.”
“Honestly, Cassie, I think this man is more dangerous than you understand.”
“You hid it.” He was struck by the sudden realization of what the other man had said.
“Please,” Dean made a strangled sound and wrapped his legs around Castiel’s waist, using them to try to force Castiel inside.
The man practically wailed, wiggling his hips closer and successfully managing to force in another inch before Castiel stilled him again. “Want it so bad, Cas.”
“Cassie’s always been pretty stiff. Not one for nicknames.” Balthazar slapped him on the back and he let out a huff that only seemed to encourage their laughter.
Dean was humiliated but too hard to think properly, so he just started rutting against Cas again, biting back desperate moans as he worked himself closer and closer to his own orgasm. The room was silent except for the noises falling from his mouth, and he could feel the hot weight of Cas’s complete attention on his back.
“You gonna tell me what’s goin’ on, Dean?” Benny’s voice cut through his all his worrying, sharply tugging him back to reality.
“Good.” Castiel practically snapped and then slowly, so incredibly painstakingly slowly, he set down the picture frame and turned toward the door. His breath caught in his throat. Dean looked gorgeous; absolutely perfect standing there in his sharp suit looking worried and eager at the same time. There was tiredness there too, and something about how worn and stiff the man looked stirred something in him. He was overcome with a desire to be tender that seemed to possess him, propelling his body across the room in a few long strides until they were standing face to face.
“—and how pretty do they have to be before I’m allowed to risk all of my friend’s lives?”
“You’re doing it again.” Anna ruffled his hair before gathering up her books and making for the door. “Don’t stare at him too long, kiddo. You still have homework to do.”
“A favour, before you head to your father’s.”
“Cas.” He groaned, watching the two of them in the mirror.
He took a deep quiet breath before speaking but somewhere in the space between his thoughts and his words he grew shy again, unsure. “You’ll be here when I wake up, right?”
“Shut up, this is awful!” He pushed her away half-heartedly, laughing almost hysterically as all the adrenaline from before turned to giddiness.
“He’s pretty upset. It’s so strange; he seems to think your brother had something to do with it.”
He groaned, pushing his hips back up against Dean’s mouth. Without really thinking Dean opened his lips to the intrusion, letting Cas gently rock in and out.
“I think you still want me to touch you,” as he spoke, one of his hands slipped further down to palm Dean’s erection through the fabric of his pants. “And, I think,” Cas yanked Dean just a little closer, forcing his face to press so far into the bars that Cas could have kissed him if he’d wanted to, “you still want to touch me, too.”
His heart sunk when he saw the glow of light under the door and he pushed it open slowly, trying to make as little sound as possible. Inside his eyes immediately landed on the other man, pouring two glasses of whiskey. Those of feelings of suspicion and fear crept up his skin and the voice at the back of his head started shouting, begging, reminding him that Castiel was murderer, a violent criminal. Turn back, call for help, go, go, go! But despite the, frankly, good advice his subconscious was yelling, his feat remained planted in place. After having seen those bodies, the state of Alastair in the hospital, it was more difficult than ever to reconcile the man humming in his kitchen with the brutal killer on wanted posters. Somehow, despite it all, his body seemed drawn to Cas so instead of calling for help, he just stood there like an idiot.
Dean huffed, bringing a hand up to run tentatively through Castiel’s hair. “How come you didn’t tell me Gabriel was your brother?”
“Why’d you even bring this kid along, he doesn’t know anything!” Gabriel, suddenly angry, slammed his fist on the table and stared at Castiel. “Unless he’s here to suck our dicks, then I’m—”
Too soon it was five o’clock and people were shuffling out of the water, making their way hurriedly toward the parking lot. Charlie started trying to gather up their things and without thinking he grabbed her wrist. “Don’t go,” he begged quietly.
There was a loud scuffling noise, followed by what sounded like yelling and then someone shouting, “Balls!”
“Oh you know,” Gabriel sucked on the candy contemplatively for a moment. “Wanted to make sure you caught Alastair, that you weren’t ambushed, didn’t die. That sorta thing. Cross the I’s, dot the T’s.”
“I presume you are Sam?”
The phone call cut out before any more time could be wasted—Cas certainly had a way of getting the point across. “Son of a bitch,” he muttered, mind running through a million possible scenarios for what the other man could have done. Why the whole department? he thought, rubbing clammy hands against his pants. Whatever this was, it wasn’t anything good.
“Awesome.” He stood up, smiling easily. “Stay, I’ll show you a few things after close.”
“I think they wanted—I think they meant to take Anna but I was causing a scene so they just took me too.”
“Charles often told me that his goal was to limit their influence on the world, to one day be in complete control of the state’s crime so as to limit its reach.”
Castiel sat up, pinching the bridge of his nose. “We should shower,” he said as emotionlessly as possible, refusing to meet the other man’s gaze.
“I don’t know if I do, Cassie. Want to tell me more about his firmness? I know how you appreciate a man’s big, throbbing, firm—”
“Please,” Castiel gestured for him to continue.
“Yeah.” He snapped.
It took no more than a handful of strokes before Dean was coming with a broken sob, ass clenching around nothing. Cas ran a finger up Dean’s softening cock, catching a droplet of come and bringing it to his lips to suck the salty liquid into his mouth. Dean made a keening sound, head collapsing against the bars as he tried to catch his breath. Seconds later, he felt the other man’s hand tracing the edge of his jaw.
“Yeah, well,” Gabriel waved dismissively, “It’s not like we knew you’d drop your panties the second you saw Cassie’s baby blues.”
Castiel blushed, smiling apologetically at his sister who just rolled her eyes and reached across the bed to grab his laptop—open to Dean Winchester’s facebook. “Hey—”
The girl smiled slightly, flicking her eyes to the ground. “Dean this is Anna and her brother Gabriel, guys this is one of our best detectives. I swear, if he’s on the case it’ll be solved in no time.”
“What’s the matter, baby? I thought you missed me.” Dean expected Cas to mad but he just looked amused. He thinks I’m playing hard to get, Dean realized, the thought making him even angrier.
There was a sigh and then Cas was turning around, cold tired eyes meeting his. “You know I can’t stay. I’m on the run. I don’t have a choice.”
“I’ve got nobody waiting on me back home. I’m happy to stay till Vic gets in.”
“No need to apologize, you did what anyone else would’ve. Hell, I probably wouldn’t ‘ve left the car either.” That got a small smile from both of them. “Any chance you can think of a reason why you might have been abducted in the first place?”
2020 update: the first chapter has now been edited!
“G’night.” Dean said, pressing a soft kiss to his chest.
It was the slight tremble of Michael’s hands, where they were pressed into his skin that brought the world back into focus. The man looked rough—rumpled clothing, shirt untucked, hair disheveled. He reeked of sweat and scotch, eyes bloodshot.
Meg giggled, breaking his line of thought. “See you, angel.”
The sight of all those miles of smooth, tanned skin made his mouth go dry. It was the first time that he’d really gotten a chance to appreciate Cas naked and the man was even more beautiful in the day than last night. Dean almost whimpered as his eyes raked over the toned body, swallowing hard when his eyes drifted down to the man’s cock.
“Good. Show me.” His hands didn’t move from where they were positioned on Castiel’s thigh, making it that much harder to concentrate on his technique. The kick was obviously decent enough because the second he’d finished, Dean was gently tugging him off the flutter board.
The next thing Dean knew, Cas was holding his waist steady and laving his tongue across the exposed rim of muscle. He gasped and thrust backwards, trying to force himself onto Castiel’s face. It had been so long since they’d done this and the feeling of his own fingers had done nothing to alleviate the need he’d felt. This was perfect, incredible. The slick feeling of a tongue lapping at his hole was one of the best sensations he’d ever felt. Better now without the bars of a cell to get in the way, now that Dean could feel Cas’ from the base of his tongue to the tip. Now that he could feel the other man suck on the tight pucker, gently nip at the skin.
“Of course not, baby. Come here,” he opened his arms and Dean tossed away the dirty cloth before crawling up against his chest, cock leaking precome where it throbbed against his thigh. Castiel ran a hand soothingly across the man’s back, placing a light kiss to his forehead.
“That isn’t what—”
“I think you still want me to touch you,” as he spoke, one of his hands slipped further down to palm Dean’s erection through the fabric of his pants. “And, I think,” Cas yanked Dean just a little closer, forcing his face to press so far into the bars that Cas could have kissed him if he’d wanted to, “you still want to touch me, too.”
“They will have been shot with his gun.” Castiel said firmly.
Dean let out a squeal of surprise that turned into a moan half way out of his mouth as the sudden movement had forced Castiel’s tongue further inside his body. He gave Dean a minute to adjust to the new position before using his hands to guide the man’s hips first in slow circles and then rocking back and forth on his face. The motion gave Dean a bit of control, letting his movements determine the length and depth of Castiel’s licks.
Dean nodded dumbly and wiggled himself into position. Maybe, Castiel thought, if he enjoys it when I touch his feet, he’ll find similar touches across his back equally pleasing. He made quick work of his own clothes and then padded to the washroom for some lotion. When he got back he climbed up Dean’s body and settled himself just below that perfect ass, taking a moment to kiss the freckles spattered across his cheeks.
“N-no. Not really. Nothing useful.” He spoke, eyes following Cas’.
Castiel made a frustrated noise, fixing his eyes on the road in front of them. The tense silence returned, the air charged with accusations. After a few minutes, he managed to whisper, “I want him to know me.” Speaking the words out loud made him feel small and vulnerable, the truth of them overwhelming.
“Thought you said my arms were good.” He mumbled, looking at the water.
With the discussion concluded, the plan was set in motion: tomorrow the police department would realize that their chief had gone missing, a brief examination of Rober—Bobby’s home would reveal a struggle and Dean would make a statement to the press through Garth claiming they presumed the man dead. At the same time, Anna and Gabriel would be rushed to hospital where Jess would use her influence to ensure they were pronounced death and sent to the morgue where Balthazar would help them escape later that evening.
“Very funny, boy. I don’t know what did this but we damn well better hope it’s on our side.” Bobby shook his head, “I don’t even know whether to count this as a miracle or a nightmare.”
“Go ahead boss, we ain’t stopping you.” Gabriel and Balthazar smiled mischievously between them.
Castiel had to stop himself from just leaning forward and claiming those perfect pink lips. Lips made for kissing, or cock sucking—the thought made him smile devilishly and he silently thanked whatever forces had conspired bring him this treasure of a man.
When he chanced a look behind him, he saw Cas sitting on the edge of the bed, watching Dean intently as he jerked himself off slowly. “Fuck you look good, gorgeous.” He called. “Love how hard that cute little prick gets for me.”
“For the record, I don’t like this plan.” Gabriel added.
“Cas, you already have a gun. Hell, you can have my gun!”
Castiel pulled back a little, heart pounding in his chest because what was he doing? He chewed his lip, breaking out into a smile as he made his voice as grave and serious as ever, “When first he gleamed upon my sight,”
“It, it’s different. I’m a boy.”
“Oh, Dean. What did you do?”
The face he made must have betrayed his thought process more than he was aware because Dean was giving him an angry, disbelieving look. He sighed, “He has have a point, Dean.”
Balthazar exhaled, shaking his head disbelievingly. “He must give one hell of a blow job.”
An hour or so later, Dean’s eyes had drooped closed and his cheeks where Castiel could see were flushed and warm. He looked blissed out, the same expression on his face that he got right after an orgasm. The thought drew Castiel’s attention to his own half hard cock and he smiled, biting back a laugh of surprise.
“Y-you do?”
“Dean,” the sound of his name pulled his attention up and suddenly he was staring into warm blue eyes. “What’s the matter?” Cas spoke softly in a way that was hard to reconcile with what they were doing. It made him feel vulnerable.
Anna whacked him across the head, muttering, “Be good, Gabe. He’s trying to help you.”
Gabriel, ignoring him completely, cut off any possible response. “Yeah, well, how’s he gonna react when he finds out about his boss?”
“Gabriel!” He shouted, irritably. “I did not call so that you could insult me.”
“Alastair?” Dean paled, felt like he was going to pass out.
His heart nearly stopped beating completely. So, he thought, Michael had figured him out after all. How much did he know—did he know about Dean? Castiel tried desperately to quell his fears, to focus on the task.
Dean opened his eyes, eager for more. He was tentative at first, nothing but small kitten licks around the head before he heard Castiel laugh.
“Uh-huh.” Cas nodded sternly, hands reaching out through the bars to grasp the waist of Dean’s pants, long fingers running along the waistband before sharply tugging him closer. Inches away, he could feel the heat of the other man’s breath ghost across his lips when he spoke. “Know what I think, Dean?”
Almost like a prayer was being answered, when Dean got back to the main part of the station, Victor was standing over Kevin’s desk.
“He’s never shown any interest in a guy before.”
Back in the car Castiel started driving toward Gabriel’s, which had become something like their headquarters over the past few months. Most of them even slept there now, in the large basement that resembled a sort of barracks for soldiers. It was intolerable and he had refused to spend more than a night there up until the arrest. Now it was starting to feel almost more like home than his house. “I need you to brief Anna. We need her to lure him out, somewhere secluded.”
“Call everyone together, I guess. Make sure we’re all on the same page.”
“W-where are we?” He shivered, wrapping the coat tightly around his body.
Shaking his head, he tried not to laugh. This was all so ridiculous and wonderful and impossible. He closed his eyes and let the feeling wash over him, course through his veins and infect every damn part of his body.
“Keep him occupied? We can use Garth to make some mention about his sketchy disappearance.”
“I thought that was my only chance.”
She hummed, taking her full bottom lip between her teeth. “Gotta say, Clarence, I’ve missed you. You’ve been neglecting me.” She sauntered over to wrap her arms around his neck, pressing her body against his.
Balthazar was waiting outside by the time he’d finished getting ready, idling in Castiel’s 1946 tan Lincoln Continental.
“No one is gouging anything. He can be trusted, I give you my word and anyway the more friends we have in the police department the better.”
“I will try to make myself more available to you in the future.” They shook hands and he nodded curtly toward Uriel as he was leaving.
“Why?” He mumbled sleepily, trying to pull Cas back down even as the other man forced him to stand.
“Kevin,” Anna said calmly before anyone else had a chance to eschew his request, “and of course you can tell your brother, right Castiel?”
It felt so good, almost too good, and he pictured the way it would feel if Cas were standing behind him—erection pressing against his ass and those nimble fingers worked him ruthlessly. Dean leaned against the wall of the shower, trying to steady himself as that feeling in his gut started building and building. If Cas were here he’d be rubbing his hard cock against Dean’s body, panting hotly into his ear, maybe biting down on his neck. He moaned, imagination calling up images of Castiel coming hot coming between right as his fingers twisted and—
Dean kept his head bowed, nodding slightly. That was all the encouragement Castiel needed; he chucked again as he thrust his hips a little closer.
“A being breathing thoughtful breath, a traveller between life and death;” Castiel kissed along his jaw, “the reason firm, the temperate will, endurance, foresight, strength, and skill—” Dean captured his lips in a kiss, swallowing his words for a moment. “A perfect man, nobly planned, to warn, to comfort, and command; and yet a spirit still, and bright—”
Staring at the tired, sweet man before him, he remembered the promise he made himself earlier to be kinder to Dean. “I guess you deserve something special,” he cooed softly, hands flitting under his suit jacket, sliding it off and tossing it over the nearest chair. Dean leaned forward, clearly hoping for a kiss, but Castiel just grabbed his wrist and walked them both toward the bedroom.
“Yeah, I mean, we know they’re both top-dogs—controlling basically all the crime in the east and west, but we’ve never been able to pin them with anything. Always use grunts to do their dirty work so it’s impossible to catch ‘em with so much as a parking ticket.”
“Yes.”
Dean huffed a bitter laugh, shaking free of Castiel’s hand. “Of course you did. What do you want?”
“I, I have to go. Home. Now. I’m so sorry.”
“Oh hell no!” Gabriel shouted, adamantly shaking his head. “Not happening. Look, you’re already on thin ice with me bucko, I ain’t looking to welcome anyone else I don’t know with open arms.”
He fell forward trying to get a better angle, gripping the table so hard it left marks on his hands. Dean wanted to see Cas’s face but didn’t want to risk glancing back, so he just closed his eyes and imagined: blue eyes dark with want, pink lips parted around his name. Fuck he wanted to kiss him, to turn around and push his tongue into that cocky fucking mouth and
“Has not,” Anna protested, “remember that one guy—Bartholomew.”
She laughed. “Alright, alright, I’m just kidding. He probably won’t take it further than a heated make out session. I mean, you will still be in public.”
“And you just believed him?”
“Hello, Dean.” The man replied automatically, taking a step into the room and letting the door close behind them. It was dark in the room, there was only one small dim light hanging from the ceiling.
“We already have an inside man. Two is a crowd and you know that.”
“I don’t know. Haven’t you had a million fantasies about this?” Heat crawled up his skin so fast he nearly fainted. “Probably something like that.”
“Are you sure you don’t want me to deal with that?” The man nodded in the direction of Castiel’s slowly softening cock, smiling hopefully as he spoke.
“No. I wish nothing more than to end this. I’ve been at war my whole life, Dean. I’m tired.”
“Yeah, yeah. Laugh it up, Chuckles.” He couldn’t help smiling either. Maybe today wasn’t ruined. After breakfast he called Bobby, sputtered out a few apologies and assurances, listened to the man sputter a few insults in response, and then promised to be in by lunch. By the time Dean had settled himself in for bed that night, he’d completely forgotten about the mysterious coffee bag.
“My pretty cockslut, always so desperate for it.” Cas smirked. “Bet you didn’t even clean yourself up when you got home.” His hand raked down to press at Dean’s rim. “Kept that sweet hole of yours stuffed full of my come, didn’t you?” He pushed the tip of his thumb past the loose ring of muscle, laughing at the wet stain on Dean’s underwear when he pulled it back out.  “Liked the reminder of my cock, my fingers, my tongue, didn't you?”
And okay now he was pissed. What kind of psycho was Castiel? Shaking with barely contained anger, Dean reached for the door handle, and, surprisingly, it gave way. Guess the guy hadn’t bothered to lock it when he went in—
“What?” Dean’s head snapped toward Cas, his mouth hanging open. “You’re kidding me.”
“Lucifer.” Michael breathed, shaky and terrified, thrusting a copy of the local paper across his desk.
They collapsed forward on the ground, completely drained and stayed like that for what felt like hours. Dean was almost asleep when he felt Cas stir and watched him silently as the other man padded toward the washroom. He came back a minute later with a warm cloth and, instead of throwing it at Dean, this time he carefully removed the soiled panties and gently wiped him clean.
Castiel gasped in surprise, huffing a breath of hot air against Dean’s hole that was audibly appreciated. The feather light touches to the head of his cock drove him crazy, made him wild with need and he found himself pushing Dean from his face far sooner than he has intended. Taking the hint, the man scooted back so that he was once again sitting on Castiel’s chest.
Before he’d even finished the sentence, Dean had jumped out of bed and was rushing toward the kitchen to put the kettle on. With the water boiling on the stove, he started fumbling around in the cabinet looking for the instant. He could see Castiel’s eyes on his back, watching him work, and the thought did nothing to lessen his now substantial erection.
Dean moaned, “Deeper, need it deeper.” Cas laughed, pushing his fingers in as far as they could go and fingering him open almost brutally.
“Nah,” he waved his hand dismissively. “Tried calling a dozen times but the girl wouldn’t answer. So we’re stuck going in cold.”
“I’m not adding him. Can we please stop talking about it?”
Carefully, though, with visibly trembling fingers, Dean lifted the percolator and poured the brown liquid into a mug. Then, without even having to be asked, he steadied his hand and lifted the cup to Castiel’s lips. He took a small sip, swishing the liquid around dramatically in his mouth. "You used my coffee." It came out sounding surprised because he truly hadn’t expected that, figuring the man had thrown the gift away upon realizing the sender.
“Apologize, Balthazar.” Castiel replied coolly as he started to drive, refusing to look at either of them.
The phone cut out before he could say anything else. Castiel sighed, slumping onto the couch and wishing desperately for the day to be over already. The meeting with Michael was most unsettling. If he’d somehow figured out what they were doing—this would be it, he’d die today and nothing would change, everything would have been a waste.
He grimaced at the sleeping man in the backseat, shirt torn to pieces and hanging raggedly from his body. It must be cold, he realized briefly wondering why the man hadn’t mentioned anything. Castiel sighed and shrugged off his trench coat, then knocked gently on the window. Dean startled awake, blinking sleepily through the glass. A moment later, the door opened and he wordlessly surrendered the coat.
“Something’s happened?” He laughed uneasily, “Got anythin’ else for me or am I supposed ‘ta tell the captain you just got a bad feeling in your gut?”
He opened his mouth to defend himself but gave up before accidentally digging his grave any deeper. On the screen a picture of a wet Dean Winchester in a dark blue speedo smiled back at him, all those miles of smooth, tanned skin making him sigh internally. Anna was right, he
“How does that feel, baby? You want another?” Dean whimpered, nodding his head frantically and Cas obliged, another finger joining the first and stretching him open. It still wasn’t enough. He needed more. Needed to be fuller, wanted something bigger and thicker and deeper. He whined, “More, Cas, please,” as he started rocking back, fucking himself on Castiel’s hand.
She wandered over to his closet, waving off any further protests. “We need to figure out what you’re going to wear, though. How cute is your bathing suit? Ever consider something tight like a—”
“What the,” he murmured as he banged on the door again, this time a little louder. Jesus, maybe the guy was hard of hearing or something. Dean banged even louder and this time he heard “Take a hint,” spoken by a deep rough voice on the other side of the door.
“I told you, it’s too dangerous—”
Gah! I'm sorry if this chapter seems a bit rushed, I wanted to get something up today but I'm ridiculously swamped with school and work things.
Then Cas slid a finger inside of him. He’d always imagined this would be painful, uncomfortable, make him feel somehow weaker or lesser. But that’s not what he felt right now—he felt good, felt right. The slide of Castiel’s long finger set his body on fire, like he was stroking every nerve in his body all at once. His head was swimming with pleasure, every drag and push making him more desperate and needy.
“My respect,” he said, continuing his assault of kisses. “My admiration,” he punctuated the word by leaning up to kiss Castiel’s neck. Dean then pushed him back into the couch, climbing into his lap. “My devotion,” he pressed kisses up his neck and mouthed at his jawline, slowly grinding their hips together.
drama queen
“I like it.” Castiel said, shrugging into the car and happily running a hand around the wheel.
Seconds later the whole department was scrambling to get ready, emptying the armory almost entirely then rushing to their cruisers. It was a whirlwind of panic and frantic motions, the atmosphere of the building turned on its head by one phone call. All in all, it took ‘em about ten minutes to get everything ready, Dean and Benny sliding into the impala to lead a small army of squad cars toward something big and bad and unknown.
With a shudder, Dean came. Hot release filling Castiel’s mouth and spilling down his throat. He savoured the salty taste; suckling the man’s oversensitive cock, milking him for every last drop of come. It wasn’t until Dean was completely soft that he let the man slip from his lips.
“Your point?”
From the kitchen, he could here whistling and the sound of something frying. He wanted to cry, to run away but at the same time he wanted Cas to hold him and tell him everything would be alright. He closed his eyes and tried to will himself back through time.
“Pretty much.”
Without wasting any more time, he trickled his fingers down Dean’s spine and dragged them teasingly across his hole. Beneath his hand Dean’s body trembled, hole clenching sporadically under the feather light pressure. Castiel grinned into his shoulder, pushing the tip of two fingers inside and savoring the other man’s moan. He hummed, “I wish we had your panties here.”
“I just don’t see why we’re keeping this from Bobby! You seriously don’t think he could help?” Sam shouted, shaking him from a dangerous train of thought.
“No!” She shouted, even more distressed. “God, Cas, you’re a wanted man. You can’t go anywhere near the hospital!”
They both laughed for a minute, some of the tension leaving Castiel’s body until Dean smiled at him fondly, hands sliding down to wrap loosing around his waist. “Hey,” he said quietly, the strange heavy mood settling down on them again, despite the rain.
“And Lucifer knows that, doesn’t he?” Castiel nodded. “Just like I’m sure he knows exactly the type of killer Uriel is.”
“Did you see detective hottie while you were there?” Anna giggled from the lap of some unknown man in the back. Castiel turned red instantly, but before he had a chance to respond, Balthazar pushed Dean forward. All at once the room went silent.
“Okay, so how do you kill a hydra?”
“Okay, so you end it. How? How does making Michael suspicious of Lucifer take down a freakin’ criminal empire?”
“He was a phantom of delight,” he mumbled into Dean’s neck between tender kisses, not even aware of what he was saying until it was said.
“I don’t have time for these flirtations.”
There was a brief moment where Michael continued staring, face blank and cold, while the whole kitchen stopped mid motion. They were made afraid by Castiel’s defiance, but he knew better. Power and strength, those were the qualities the man most admired and they were the reason Castiel had gained so much influence within the house.
“Take off your pants and turn around.” Dean obeyed without a second thought, fumbling with his belt as he tried to kick his shoes off. After a few minutes of ungraceful struggling, he was naked from the waist down with his back to Castiel and the beginnings of a blush crawling up his skin.
The room was completely silent again. The man slowly set down the glass he’d been holding before turning toward the bed. The dim light pouring in from the window caught his teeth, illuminating an almost dangerous looking smirk. Dean’s whole body was thumping with fear, there was no way he was going to make it to his gun in time and no point in trying to run, Cas was too close. He watched him casually stride over to the bed, running his fingers along the mattress as he moved to stand in front of Dean.
“Losing a dear friend is always difficult. It’s easier to blame others than accept the randomness and chaos of life.”
“Son of a
“Grab my hair, Dean.”
“Who is this, Castiel?” Inias called from the card table, looking over Dean curiously.
Like they torture people this way
“You want to taste me, don’t you? Want to wrap that beautiful mouth around my dick and make me sing, huh? Go on, then, open up for me.”
“Wh-wh-what?”
“Got into a fight with Cas ‘n he left.”
“Just tipped you off.” Benny asked suspiciously.
“I require the use of your skills. I realize this is not an ideal time, considering your visibility, but it has become quite urgent and I would have no one other than you.”
By the time he finally rolled up to Michael’s he felt serene, or perhaps just numb, his emotions firmly tamped down. The house appeared dark, silent, almost like it had been abandoned altogether. There was something about the blackened windows that did sit well with him, launching a small tremor through him. In all the years he’d been coming here, it had never been so quiet.
Dean rubbed the back of his neck before reaching over to grab a pen from the glove compartment. “Just gonna give you my number.” He winked, scribbling his phone number onto Castiel’s palm.
“So you can become the new ring leader? Sorry, Cas, but I don’t feel comfortable—”
“G’night, Cas.” Came his own tired murmur as he leaned forward to softly kiss the other man’s chest.
His hands wouldn’t settle, waking the other man up with wandering fingers that roamed over the softness of his belly before trailing up his torso to play with his nipples. Castiel was obsessed with the way a few light pinches could have Dean panting, eyes shooting open as he squirmed and pressed their bodies closer together. His erection an insistent pressure against the detective’s back.
“I’m not—I’m not very, um, good,” Dean said, looking back down, cheeks growing hot as he blushed.
“Cas, he, he did all this?” His heart sank, already knowing the answer.
Cas looked up from beneath the towel at the sound of Dean sighing and smirked at the sight of Dean’s growing erection. “See something you like, pretty?” He purred, hand smoothing down his stomach and wrapping around his cock. He started stroking himself lazily, watching the way it made Dean squirm and lick his lips.
“Another,” Castiel groaned eager to hurry everything along—as nice as it would have been to watch Dean slowly take himself apart, he was tired and wanted to come quickly before passing out. “Don’t touch your cock, baby. That belongs to me,” he chided and, okay, maybe he wasn’t in that much of a hurry.
Castiel just laughed. “You police would be out of a job if us lowlife criminals did what we were supposed to. I doubt they were hurt by my actions, Dean.”
“I decided that he would make for a good ally.”
“I know, baby,” he squeezed the man tightly, “I know.”
Dean perked up. “Yeah?”
“Exactly.” Balthazar confirmed. “We’re not even warm to your presence, we don’t need another lost lamb—”
“Okay,” Dean sounded awestruck.
“Look, like I was sayin’. I trust you to get the job done. I don’t know what kinda deal you made but I’m behind you one hundred percent.”
But everything hurt too much. His lips were loose and sore, his knees ached, his hand was cramping—it was humiliating. This was probably the worst blowjob Cas had ever had. He wasn’t a
“Cas, you’ll be fine. This is like a dream come true, just don’t let him force you into anything.” She gently pulled her arm free, gathering up all their stuff except for his towel. “I’ll be at your place waiting to hear all the dirty details.”
“You arrested a very bad man today, be thankful.” Something in his voice made it sound like a warning not to try his patience and that, more than anything, set Dean off.
“Charles? You mean Chuck, as in The Prophet Chuck, kingpin of crime?”
Thank so much for reading and for putting up with such a long wait between chapters! I'm really glad you guys like it, you have no idea.
Normally, he make a joke about or take the opportunity to flirt a little but the compliment he’d just been given left a sour taste in his mouth. Instead, he looked up at the brown haired man who seemed at least a bit steadier than the girl. “Heard you two were pretty unlucky.”
“Yeah, dude, it’s like a million decibels too loud. People are tryna work, and you’re driving us all fucking crazy.”
Feeling bold again, Dean started bobbing his head up and down, impaling his mouth on Cas’s erection. It wasn’t graceful, it was frantic and clumsy but it was working. Beads of precum leaked out from the slit of his cockhead and Dean lapped them up greedily.
“It’s not my gun. It’s a gun, one I stole and hid in your evidence lock-up. Now I need it back. We had a deal, Dean.”
“My,” he paused, “cousin is in the hospital.”
“Goodnight little lamb,” Balthazar winked as Castiel and Dean made their way out of the kitchen. He was so intent on making it to the bedroom before Dean attempted to discuss Gabriel’s continued rudeness that they both nearly ran over Anna, waiting for them at the bottom of the staircase.
“Yeah,” Dean’s mind played through all the images he’d ever seem of crime scenes associated with Castiel. “He never left any blood, killed them with one stab wound to the throat and let them drain out. We assumed he hung them upside down and wash their bodies afterward.”
A minute or so past before the man started fucking back onto his own hand, whining teach time the finger caught on the rim of his hole.
It struck him that maybe this whole thing had been a mistake and that these were meant for some beautiful woman living in the building. All of the gifts made so much more sense—the coffee, the scotch, the lingerie, it was all for some tasteful lady. He almost wanted to laugh. All this time he’d been so confused, so concerned. Feeling relieved, he bent down to pick up the note that had fallen, hoping for some clue as to who the packages really belong to.
Victor hummed, coming to stand beside Dean. “We found them in a car parked just outside the warehouse.”
"You made coffee," He observed, casually.
Introductions were awkward to say the least. Sam regarded him with a strange mix of apprehension and reluctant interest while Jessica stared unrelentingly, smiling knowingly every time they occasioned to share a glance. The third person, a lanky, loud, obnoxious man named Garth was simply irritating and his constant outbursts slowed their progress considerably.
Bobby had been worried, mumbled something about needing to take a few weeks to sort himself out and that was that, Dean was benched. Sam was worried too and took an entire week off at the firm and spent most of that time trying to sober Dean him. Eventually the bitchfaces worked, though, and by the end of his leave he wasn’t feeling quite so pathetic. Or, at least, he was feeling newly determined to make amends for whatever part his stupidity had played in letting Novak escape.
“Really?”
Castiel lifted his hand from the phone receiver, letting his head flop down into his hands to bury himself away, hiding his disgusting display of emotion. It wasn’t until he felt the soft press of lips against his forehead that he looked up. Green eyes wide with concern hovered an inch from his face. Dean was kneeling on the ground in front of him.
It took an enormous amount of strength to keep from shutting his eyes and turning away from Michael’s manic gaze. All he wanted was to crawl deep inside his own head, to curl up with the image of Dean’s sleepy smile and die happy.
of him—Dean wanted to do it again, wanted to be
At least their snoring was kind of like a white noise machine.
okay so he’s what? intentionally trying to drive you insane?
“O-okay,” the relief must have been visible on his face because the lifeguard let out another laugh, clapping his shoulder. Maybe this was just a lesson after all, he thought, taking a deep breath and plunging into the cool water.
He leaned in to whisper hotly into Dean’s ear, brushing against his prostate as he spoke, “I want to see the black ones, want to rub my cock against your ass while you wear them.”
“To cause unrest. Look, Dean, this is not important—”
“Sammy boy!”
“Cas, Cas.” He panted, eyes looking at him pleadingly.
Dean coughed, blushing a little as he lifted up the tray in his hand. “Brought you some food.”
It was probably only a few minutes but it felt like hours as he sat, body tense and nervous, clutching the gun to his chest. When the doorknob started turning, he let out a breath he didn’t know he’d been holding. This was it, all other thoughts stop as his mind focused on the slow turn of the knob, the creaking sound of the door being pushed open. His temples throbbed, hands growing clammy around the cool metal of the gun. Everything was in slow motion as the door finally swung open.
“I need you to retrieve a gun for me.” He continued, ignoring Dean’s comment.
Instead of licking him again, Cas slid his thumb inside and used it to pull out some of the come, rubbing the slick around the outside of his rim. “Wanted to fuck you properly, baby. Wanted to give you what you needed.” He slid the finger in and out slowly, setting a rhythm that had Dean making desperate noises.
“Okay.” Dean said and Castiel could feel his smile as he nuzzled against him. “Cas?”
Dean was pure—a good, kind, thoughtful man who craved affection and tried to do right by people. Castiel, on the other hand, was rotten to the core and whatever light he may have had had been snuffed long ago, stained with the blood of Michael’s demands.
So Dean went to bed feeling more alone than he had in years. He fell asleep sweaty, and boneless, and with the slightly uncomfortable sensation of cooling come in his ass, the phantom touch of Castiel.
The kiss was soft and tender—the slide of their tongues more comforting than the purposeful kisses he was used to. This was something that made him want to melt into Dean rather than tear off his clothing. As the kiss deepened, he felt like he could get lost in it forever, get lost in the feeling of Dean wrapped around him, the smell of leather and gun powder, the addictive taste of his mouth.
He was about to speak when Balthazar clapped him on the back. “Afraid you’re out of luck, love. Cassie’s got himself a new play thing.”
“Want to—Want to—”
“Totally blotto.” He hiccupped happily.
When he got to the kitchen, though, his face fell. Standing over the stove wasn’t his angel but his brother, and the discovery made his heart sink as much as it confused him.
It took him until Cas was moving his wet hand past Dean’s balls to figure out what he was doing, shutting his eyes and groaning at the sensation of Cas’ fingers circling his hole. Dimly he wondered why his co-workers weren’t waking up, considering how loud they were being, and how long they’d even be asleep for. But any thought outside of the pleasure he was getting from that mouth stopped the moment the first finger pushed inside his body.
“You went to high school together, it’s not that weird.”
Again, he shook his head. Michael’s body visibly relaxed, head hanging low as he let his hands drop from where they’d been restraining Castiel.
This was his last seminar paper and it actually mattered. Cain was a stickler for deadlines but a big deal modernist and if Dean wanted him to chair his dissertation committee, well, he had to impress the guy. This paper had to be good and delivered
Gabriel laughed bitterly, “You can say that again.”
The tension had eased a little and when the silence returned it was much more pleasant, almost soothing. His mind wandered to the peculiarity of his actions—of the evidence room, of the stretch of his lips around Dean, how he swallowed the man’s release without a second thought. It was strange, he couldn’t remember the last time he’d willingly pleasured a man like that, since he’d been so willing to give another person so much.
Dean’s head was foggy, cock rock hard and leaking precome onto the cement floor. Cas was massaging his hole now, teasing him, but there was nothing he could do. When he tried to push back onto Castiel’s finger, the bar stopped him, making him whine in frustration.
“I’m not going to hurt you, baby. I promise,” Cas licked his lips, reaching a hand out to run through Dean’s hair. “I’m going to touch you, just like you wanted. Going to make you feel good, gorgeous, don’t you want that?”
“Yes, Cas, you do.”
The glare he turned on Balthazar more than made up for the embarrassed pink flush of his cheeks. “Be careful.” He warned, voice icy. “Gabriel is my brother but you are not.”
“I only meant it as the most sincere complement, darling, I assure you.” Balthazar waved his hand dismissively and Gabriel snorted.
The tight twine of their hands was grounding, a reminder of their mutual affection. He wanted to laugh every time Dean squeezed their fingers, amazed by the absurdity of the gesture. When he’d told him to touch, he’d imagined nails raking across his scalp or clawing at his back and shoulders. Not a thumb gently stroking his knuckles or the warm sweaty weight of their clasped hands pressing together.
“H-he noticed my book, that’s all. Was just being friendly.”
“I promise.”
“I’ll be right—”
“What’s your brother going to do with police chief Bobby?” Balthazar asked, leaning back in his chair.
“No. No. You did not let yourself get caught—you would never do that!” He shouted, taking a step back. “It makes no sense!”
Gabriel sighed dramatically, “Go on then, don’t wanna be here all night.”
It was so strange how the other man reacted to things—seemingly much more excited by the prospect of Castiel’s continued presence than the potential for reward. Maybe he hadn’t made it clear that the reward would involve some form of sexual gratification? Or maybe he thought anything sexual would be too focused on Castiel’s pleasure and so not a satisfying reward? He considered this, wondering if he’d been too selfish with Dean. Perhaps, he thought, I should do something just for him.
“Looks like you aren’t getting much, huh, gorgeous? Tell you what,” Cas pressed his leg back into Dean’s crotch, making him groan. “Since you did such a good job, I’ll let you rub your little prick against my leg until you come in your pants.”
It wasn’t his fault. Castiel Novak was the mafia’s darling: hitman extraordinaire, royalty among gangsters and high-class criminals alike. They called him the Stone Angel because he was as cold and unwavering as a marble statue but killed so efficiently that it bordered on mercy. Every crime scene was the same, no matter how many bodies were left behind; always arranged in neat rows, always clean with their open eyes staring lifelessly at the sky.
“So you didn’t hear anything else,” Dean asked looking between the terrified siblings.
“Right in front of you,” Castiel mumbled distractedly, pulling away from the comfort of Dean’s touches.
“Dean.” Cas said surprised, coming over to the bed and reaching a hand toward him.
“Definitely awesome.” Dean looked like he was about to say more but a loud sound at the other end of the pool caught his attention. “Hey man, sorry to cut this short but, uh,” he gestured at his uniform, “you know, danger never sleeps.”
Slowly he started undoing the buttons of Dean’s shirt, letting each one thud back against him before moving on to the next. When the shirt was open he pushed it completely off, then let his fingers skirt across the man’s chest. Barely there touches, brushing against his nipples and stomach, trailing lower and lower until his hands landed on the cool metal of a belt. Castiel sunk to ground between his thighs and slid the leather form around Dean’s waist, setting it neatly beside him on the floor.
“They promise,” Castiel look at them all sternly, “please, continue.”
“Is that what you want baby, my tongue in your pretty little ass? Want me to lick that greedy hole of yours?”
“I promise.” The words came out without any hesitation, making him relax even further. Normal, he thought, they could make this work. This is what couples—or whatever they were—did.
“Both.” He hummed, and closed his eyes. Cas tossed the cloth on the ground and scooped Dean up in his arms, carrying back to the bed. Curling up against Castiel’s chest, Dean felt safe and happy and complete in a way that was impossible to explain. He nuzzled into the warm heat of the other man, getting comfortable.
“B-but, Cas,” Dean whined, looking at his own neglected erection.
