"I do not require your permission Steve" Tony said. Steve did not want Tony to get hurt and he knew the Winter Soldier would kill anyone.
"Tony I have been on Asgard and Hulk has changed trust me I can do this" Bruce said while look at Nat who just squeezed his hand.
"Coop you know how lucky you are that your dad is here? Me I wasnt that lucky. Me and my dad we use to fight you know and the day he died I was fighting with him as well. He walked out of that door angry. I think about it so many times what if I did not fight with him or probably told him I loved him. But I cant you still have the choice" Tony said
Tony took a deep breath he could do this. He replied.
"No" and Tony sighed he could not do anything.
"Here Mr Stark" Vision gave him the glass. No one said anything. They probably heard me calling out for Steve he thought. He drank the water and just sat there. Natasha's gaze was set on him, he knew she wanted to ask more but was hesitant. He was a big boy he could do this. He cannot let anyone worry more, if Carol and Rhodey found out about how he was actually feeling they would kidnap him and take him to the Stark mansion probably.
"Take care of yourself Stevie and dont do anything stupid" Bucky said.
"After your cast are off in 2 weeks would you-do you I mean do you want to go out on dinner with me?" Steve said starring at Tony.
"Tony my love. You are up what do you want? should I call the doctor? Should I get someone else?" Steve started to panic what if him being here made Tony worse.
Tony thought work will make him feel better the whole chat with Steve was too much for him he just could not take it in anymore. Where as, Steve sat in his room. No he could not sleep every time he closed his eyes all he could see was Tony dead because of him. How did he not stop himself. He should have spoken to Tony no matter what he should not have hid things from him. He had screwed up and all he wanted was Tony back. He sat there with his tags the one he gave to Tony and now Tony had given him back. He did not understand how can he make it better but he loved Tony and wanted him back. There was a knock at his door.
By the time Steve was discharged it was 9 pm and everyone had went to there rooms. Steve wanted to go down to Tony's lab but he knew Tony needed his space and the medicines made him feel really tired. He was still staying in Tony's guest room so he was sure he would see Tony soon.
"That thing can fly" Bucky said and Sam just starred with Scott trying to understand. Steve was a bit shocked.
"Do you think we can find our way together one day? You are all I want Tony" Steve whispered the last part but he knew Tony heard it.
"But Tony-" This it was Nat who cut her off.
"Where is my family?" Clint asked.
"I do not mix personal and professional life Captain so dont worry about missions. You prove it to me that you deserve a second chance and I will give you one but till then I dont care. I think we will get along fine Captain till you not hurt Tony. You are hanging on a very thin line" Carol said and left without even listening to Steve's reply. Steve went off to gym to let all his anger out.
"He had a breakdown, tranq" Bruce nodded and left.
"Fine I will consider it"
"Hey Mr Strange" Steve said.
"You know what I do when I get those nightmares? I think about all the happy times we had. Where you made me laugh, cry, angry and took care of me. I think about those memories and I feel better" Tony whispered.
"You okay Tony?" Steve asked.
"You are a nice person Tony" Bucky replied.
"I know Tony and even if he is its fine its his life. If he wants to make out with that Mister/Doctor whoever he is he can" Steve said and focused on his plate. The thought of Tony kissing someone else was painful but he knew Tony would not do that and it isnt like they were dating. He hoped Tony did not kiss that guy.
"I swear who needs paparazzi when you guys are around" Tony replied.
It has been a month, Steve smiled. They had fallen in to a routine.When Tony announced they were back together, Steve was nervous as he knew that not everyone wanted him to be with Tony but he was surprised when Carol had laughed and told Rhodey that he lost the bet. Peter had came around as well. He use to live with them on the weekends. It was like Tony had adopted the boy and Steve loved to see how they both get along and spent hours in the lab. Clint and Scott were back as well. They were allowed back as the matter with Ross had been dealt with. Steve missed Bucky sometimes but he knew that it was for the best. They went to other missions after that but he knew Tony was not happy about the shield he wanted Steve to carry an equipment and they fought over it twice but Steve made it up to Tony in the bedroom.
"Tony please please look at me, I want you to forgive me because you want to not have too"
"Yeah. I will do whatever it takes to protect Tony" Steve replied.
"I swear Rogers if you dont stop interrupting me I will put your mouth to good use" Steve moaned again. He wanted Tony right here and Tony wanted that as well but he needed to apologise. He pulled back and Steve made a groan of displeasure as he was removed from Tony's neck gently. "Hey I know but before I make love to you there are things I need to say and stop interrupting me. I am sorry Steve I did not mean to bring that up and trust me when I say I have forgiven you I have its just that I am scared Steve what if they attacked you and took you away from me what will I do and I-"
"Carol they were my family"
"Okay" bucky replied.
"Dont say it like that Tony. We will have all the time in the world" Steve replied. He was scared he did not want Tony to leave him ever.
"Mr Stark Hi" Peter said standing next to him
"Sure kiddo you can help me pack. Yes Cap after I am done packing you can" Tony replied and walked off with Peter.
"Nope, I have given up on them you should as well. Lets go I have to get ready and I will see you guys in the common room. Friday you know the drill girl.
"Yeah and you look like stars are shooting out of your eyes, relax okay" he whispered
"Me too Steve me too. I like the idea about starting over. Hi I am Tony Stark. The genius, billionaire, playboy and philanthropist" Tony said smiling. Steve was confused for a second but he picked up what was going on.
"Mr Stark the dinner is ready" Vis floated in the balcony. Tony jumped up.
Tony hugged her "Laura that is a big step, I know you still love him but think about this okay? this is a big step" He replied.
"These are the bites Nat I have updated them and these are some guns which are very light and could fire multiple shots"
"You will meet him soon. Discuss it with Wanda first" Tony said and joined everyone at the table. Tony was placed between Peter and Nat. Cooper was beside Peter and in between Peter and Sam. Bruce sat next to Nat. Laura, Clint, Bucky, Lila and Scott were in front of him. Steve was directly in front of him. Vision sat at the head of the table and everyone ate there meal.
"Hi Mr Hulk" Peter started and Tony just gave him a look. Would this kid stop calling everyone mister.
"Lets go guys and eat up" Tony said with a smile. He was home with his family. His heart still ached because it was missing something but for now he was okay. All important people were here.
"Bruce I want your eyes in the city if it gets out of hand I will call good green.Spiderman web them up but keep your distance, Nat you are with me on the ground, Carol I want you to cover both ground and air. Ironman, Rhodey and Falcon you are in the air destroy them and call the numbers. We get in, save civilians, kill these things an get out. Ironman, Rhodey and Carol you guys have a head start Nat, Bruce, Falcon,Peter and I will see you there" They went inside the Quinjet and rest of them had already gone.
"Oh I completely forgot Carol and I am not even sure if I should go I mean they are here who will look after them and with the whole pardon and accords I am not sure if I can leave them alone" Tony said completely ignoring Steve.
"Goodbye Cap." Tony said walking towards elevator. He waited all of a sudden and Steve thought he would turn around and come back but he started walking again.
Nat had volunteered to stay for the first night and Steve wanted to object but he agreed. Although he stayed in the corridor after everyone went to sleep but did not come in. He did not want anyone to know that he was there. Bucky and Sam had tried talking to him but he shut them out. Every time he went to see Tony he saw someone there with him. Peter, Rhodey and Cooper were with him at breakfast time, in the afternoon he found Bruce and Nat there speaking to him. For lunch Carol was there with Bucky and Sam. Whenever he went in he just stood in the shadows making sure he did not make Tony uncomfortable.
"The day he will make you smile Tony I will forgive him but do not except me to give him a chance like that. He left you to die and I will never get over that. You are the only family I have except for Rhodey. You are my brother Tony you have protected me and now its my turn and I will not let anyone harm you. You need to understand that. I will forgive Steve when he stops hurting you in your nightmares" Carol replied. Tony just hugged her thats all he needed a hug from her.
"Tony I might want a divorce from Clint I am not sure yet but I just cant forgive him I cant find a will to do that" See said almost crying.
"Well if that is what you want do it Laura. Cooper will come around. I am sure" Tony smiled and squeezed her hand.
"Dont break his heart again Steve because I will kill you if that is the last thing I do" Carol said. Steve got up from his bed.
"Oh is it about the date that Steve asked you on?"
"Yeah he is a very good friend. why?" Tony asked
"No but I just could not let the anger and hate inside me take over who I am. I have you guys to think about and I am leaving the past where it belongs" Tony said that and walked away.
"What do you mean?"
"Leave it for now Pepper. I just want one day to go normal you know with no mention of Ross and whatever happened. Can we just enjoy the moment for now" Tony said looking at everyone and everyone just nodded.
"Its my fault Its all my fault its all my fault..." That is the only thing he could say. He was whispering this to himself.
Tony decided to go upstairs and see how is everything going on and hoping he would not run in to Steve. He knew if he stayed here longer one of his friends will come or worse send Peter to get him upstairs and make him sit everyone else. Also, he needed some coffee. As soon as the elevator opened he saw Carol waiting to get it.
"I am not looking at the wall" Steve sighed.
Peter entered Tony's room and just stood there. Nat just squeezed his and left. Giving Peter and Tony privacy. Peter had always looked up to Tony he was always around the genius. He was a very important figure in Peters life. The only male figure and Tony knew how terrified Peter would have been. Tony just nodded at peter and lifted his arms. Next thing Tony knew Peter was hugging him gently and Tony could feel his gown getting wet. He wanted that when he was informed that his parents died and no one was there to do this for him.
"Yeah, just need to submit final paperwork and we can start with training next week. Lang I have contact Pym. The process is taking long but it will be done soon but meantime I have arranged for Cassie to come over tomorrow and Barnes come down whenever you are free the arm is ready" Tony said.
"No stay please. I am sorry I am just all over the place and everyone looks so peaceful inside and everywhere I go I create chaos and I thought it was better if I stay out" Steve said looking at the city
"If it is Winter Soldier what will we do?" Sam asked.
Tony was ready to leave. He wanted to be there on time or else he knew Stephen wont shut up about it. He thought how would Steve react to Stephen. Somewhere in his heart he was a bit excited to see how Steve and Stephen would react. Stephen was there helping him to heal after the whole Accords. But he saw Stephen only as a friend and he was very glad to have a friend like him in his life. But he knew there was nothing more as Tony was still in love with Steve.
Tony just wanted to stay in his room and cry he knew he couldnt do that face the man who didnt even love him. The person who picked someone else over him. But he knew there were poeple who relied on him and were expecting him to show up. He looked at the wardrobe area which was still empty, where his clothe use to be. After Siberia he changed the whole room interior well Pepper and Carol changed it because of the panic attack he had like a baby when he entered his room and steve wasnt there. God knows what they did with his stuff Tony thought. He took his darkest sunglasses so no one could see the pain in his eyes and left his room.
"Wanda I want you to travel with me to Kamer Taj. We are going to assess your capabilities and provide you a better control on your emotions. We have people like you who were given these gifts and they are doing really well. One of the avengers member can come with you and I will deliver weekly reports to Stark" Strange offered. The one member from Avengers would be Vision he remembered how Wanda wanted to improve because of him.
"Good morning" Tony whispered.
"You look like shit Ed" she was the only person who use to call him Ed.
"You are Tony Stark and that is Steve calm down Tony you can do this" Tony said to himself and walked out of his room. Steve was standing there wearing a baby blue shirt tucked in and his sleeves rolled up. He looked so Hot tony thought. Tony pushed all these thoughts away and took a breath and walked towards him.
"Punk it will be alright"
"I am sorry stevie"
Next morning everyone collected to wish Wanda goodbye. Surprisingly Carol came with Tony as well. Laura and the kids were the only one those werent there. Steve stood far away from Tony. He wouldnt even meet Tony's eye. Wanda hugged around and came in front of Tony.
Vision came and sat with a glass of water for him to calm down a drink.
"I am fine Cap just wanted to talk to you. Why dont you shower and come back here I will be waiting. Make sure you wash your knuckles" Tony had replied. Steve went down and had the quickest shower and changed. He was sure that Tony wants to kick him out or probably send him back to Wakanda with Bucky. He knew Tony wanted him to stay but he might have changed his mind. Steve knocked at Tony's door.
"Tony Hi" Bruce said. Bruce was always the awkward one and he never knew what to say. Tony smiled. Sometime he did not understand how did he got Nat. He was sure Nat asked him out.
"Sorry Mr stark" They all walked inside towards the kitchen.
"Yeah sure follow me"
"Tony"
"Friday can you call Steve up to my bedroom" Tony knew how Steve must have felt but he knew this wasnt his fault. He understood Steve better now. He had protected Bucky that day because he was innocent and today he protected Tony because he knew Tony was unarmed. In a way Steve knew Tony would have felt great regret if Bucky was seriously injured and he knew Bucky would feel the same as well. Also, the words he had told Tony before he went in reminded him that Tony was his first priority now.
"You guys have read the accords we sent through T'Challa I believe and these are the amended version you guys can read and sign them. If you have any problem the jet is still waiting and take you back" Pepper started in her CEO voice. She wanted to be done with this. Last 3 months was spent on these accords so these people can sign it. Tony, Nat, Pepper, Vision, Carol and Rhodey had spent too many hours fighting and holding meetings for up to 9 hours to get them sorted if they still have a problem she would not hesitate to send them back.
"I wanted to tell you that I would like Wanda to learn to control her magic a friend of mine he has offered and he is great with this magic stuff. The guys is great but is a pain my ass" Tony had a small smile at his lips. He remembered how Stephen always shows up with his idiotic light circles to update him about threats. They met up a year ago while a mission.
"Why dont you stay for dinner? I am cooking lasagne and some garlic bread" Sam stated hoping Tony will stay with them.
After dinner and all kids going to bed. Laura wanted to speak to Tony privately.
"Right, so how could you help Wanda" Steve asked. Tony gave Steve a look. He did not understand why Steve was being like this. Nat and Carol were enjoying the show. Strange moved towards Steve.
"You will be fine Bucky" Steve whispered and hugged him. He moved to Tony
"I will be leaving the company for a few months and I-" Before Pepper could continue Tony interrupted her "Is it because I did not show up to the last meeting because I will start showing up and where will you go and why are you leaving mmfff-" A hand was placed on Tony's mouth and Steve nodded Pepper to continue. Tony just rolled his eyes.
It was 3 am and Friday alerted him that it was Carol on the line and she couldn't access Mansion systems. Tony was wide awake he knew his friends wont call if it wasn't an emergency. Steve sat up as well.
"Breath with me Tony, just listen to my voice and count okay?" Carol whispered softly.
"Yeah seriously I had a panic attack wasnt the first time wont be the last so calm down about it" Tony shouted.
Ross.
"Really? I do not remember kids trying to kill people or aid in killing them or disrespecting people" Carol replied
"Can you please tell us what is going on?" Steve finally spoke.
"Captain I was just saying if you could hurry up" Tony said looking everywhere except Steves face. His blue eyes, Tony loved those eyes. He use to love looking at them all the time. Now he just couldnt. He remember looking in those eyes while he felt the Shield hitting him in his chest. his breath getting knocked out.
"Boss Colonel Rhodes and Carol pulled up they are on their way to the hospital floor" Friday informed them and all the remaining were moving towards the lift. "Friday inform everyone of our location" Steve replied. "Yes Captain" Friday replied and let them to the medical floor. Steve just took Tony's hand into his and just squeezed it. He could see how scared Tony looked, Tony looked at him and squeezed his hand back.
"This is absolute rubbish what are you trying to say-"
"Anything concerning Anthony's well being is my business" Stephen said raising his eyebrow.
"We all know who did this Ross so no point of being nice" Carol had said.
"Whats wrong with him" Tony whispered to Nat. Nat knew who he was referring to.
"Cap get up" Tony said. Steve could not stop crying. he felt like he lost everything. All he wanted was Bucky safe and this cost him everything.
"What about Peter, Tony would not want him to see him like this" Steve whispered.
The jet opened and there was he, Tony stopped breathing for a second he swear if he could see his face it would look like he wanted to puke or he was constipated. Suddenly someone touched his back and he knew it was Peter as Nat, Vision and Carol were beside him. He relaxed. He looked the same except he had grown a beard, beside him was Bucky the reason he left Tony thought. It pained him to see him with someone else but he knew he was doing it for the best, Clint came next with Sam and Scott. Wanda behind them looking at Vision. Vision looked exactly like Tony like he was constipated but Tony touched his shoulder and he relaxed. They were all walking towards them and Tony started panicking as it reminded him of the airport.
"I understand" Steve replied with a sigh. He could not force Tony to do anything and he knew Tony just wanted to get over with.
"Steve your shield" Tony said and Steve just nodded. Steve just looked at it and did not move to grab it. He just looked at it and Tony was waiting for him to grab it.
"What just happened?" Bruce said looking at Nat and Sam. Nat just smiled " Why are you smiling Nat that looked like they would murder each other are you smiling at the thought that they would murder each other?" Sam just asked confused. "You idiots this was the first time Steve didnt pity himself he stated that he did not care about anyones opinion other than Tony's". Realisation crossed Sam's and Bruce's face.
Soon Tony fell asleep and Steve just stared at him the whole time. It was 6 pm already and Steve knew it was time for Tony's medicine. Steve was about to wake Tony up but suddenly Tony sat up panting. Steve knew what this meant. He gave time to Tony to adjust to his surroundings. Tony looked around and saw Steve.
"Thanks I know I have a great ass you tell me all the time when we are in bed" Steve just smiled and replied "Tony everyone is waiting". "Steeeevee I have work to do you know, I need complete these SI projects and equipment and my suits" Steve smiled. He loves it when Tony speaks about his work and what he made and what he had to do. The way his eyes light up and the way he smiles. "Steve? Steve? are you even listening to me?" Tony broke his thought process. "Yes Tony I am listening but Pepper is upstairs as well and she wont mind now cmom" Steve replied.
"I know Tony but you were his family as well and he did not even call once Tony I waited and waited what if Ross would have taken us. I told him after the whole Sokovia that he needs to put his family first. Nathaniel is 3 what am I suppose to tell him that his dad just took off because he got a phone call. I love him I really do but if he..."
"My name is Carol Denvers and I work with the Avengers. I went to MIT as well with Tony and Rhodey. Anything else?"
"Stephen I am fine so relax" Tony replied. He was smiling it was good to see him.
"I could have asked a number of things such as steal Nat's coffee in the morning or piss Carol off or go out on a date with me" Tony replied
"Should I even ask what happened"
"Yes Uncle Tony"
"I know and I love you too Steve" Tony nuzzled himself further into Steve's neck. He smelled so nice and fresh.
"They must really hate us, right Stark?" Wanda said in her polite tone but clearly making the point. Before Carol could speak Tony held her hand indicating to leave it alone. But before Carol could argue another voice stopped her.
"I am just having a bit fun Tony let me have it" Stephen said and Tony just smiled.
"I thought-you were- Friday said" Steve was panting. He ran all the way up here.
"Okay. But call me if you get stuck in some mess" Pepper replied. As soon as they arrived Happy was there. Pepper said her Good byes and they were off. Tony and Nat went inside to see Ross.
After Rhodey's procedure everyone gathered in the common room including Clint. The tension was high. Steve started speaking "what happened tonight was no accident or coincident. Everyone getting attacked separately at an untimely hour shows that our enemy knows us well. They are keeping tabs on us and they know how to get to us. We all need to stick togetehr like we always do. Have each others back and look out for each other. We need to find out this person and deal with them. Look into the CCTV footage and see where these guys came from scan the number plates. Lets find these guys and teach them what happens when you mess with the avengers".
"Tin man" Hulk said and looked towards Tony.
"How do you know? who told you?" Tony was curious.
"Well I had a little help from Nat and Carol. I wanted to have this date with only me and you. Nat suggested about the roof and I just had a vision of what I wanted" Steve replied.
"i will just go and see" carol went to the lab. "Friday open the door" Carol said. "Sorry Ms. Carol boss has activated protocol and I cannot allow anyone inside" Friday replied.
"I am pregnant" Pepper finished and everyone just started shouting congratulations towards the couple. Tony jumped up and ran towards Pepper and Happy. "Move you guys I get to hug her first" and moved Carol who was hugging her. He hugged Pepper. He was so happy for her. He was going to be an uncle. He pushed himself back and looked at Pep. "I am going to be an uncle Pep" Tony whispered to her and she just nodded smiling. "You will be a great mother Pep look at all the practice you got and I turned out just fine" Tony smiled and moved towards Happy. "Congratulations Happy" Tony hugged him and thanked him for taking such good care of Pepper.
Nat broke the silence "I know Tony but we are a family now, its been 2 years and we have had each others back through thick and thin. I mean I love them all and no one is killing anyone Denvers but you are my family now Tony and I have to take care of you like we all do.Peter is worried as well you know consider for him please. I cant see you hurt" or see you drowning in your sorrow. I cant find you again in your own blood or alcohol she thought. Tony had been so angry when steve sent him the letter that he had smashed everything around him and injured himself. Also, he started drinking again and when Carol showed up everything started to go back to normal.
Everyone started to head off. Vision and Wanda went to pack.  Sam, bucky and Scott were going to watch movies in the cinema room and they asked Peter to join. They knew the kid had a good taste in movies. Peter wasnt sure at first but Tony nodded at him and give him a smile. He knew Tony wanted him to hang out with them and he wanted to give them the chance. He wasnt upset with them he was upset with Steve. Also, the spidey mama as Tony called Nat agreed to come to the movie as well. Peter knew she was being protective and smiled. Also, Bruce was in his lab so Nat thought it would be a good idea to spend some time with Peter. So he agreed and they went to watch Movie.
"Tony are you okay? I am sorry I did not want to make you feel uncomfortable I dont even remember when we fell asleep" Steve said. He was scared of Tony's reaction. He did not want to lose all the progress they had made.
"Stuff? what do you mean?" Steve asked, his heart was suddenly beating faster.
"You can take Nathaniel to my floor. You know the place around" Tony offered. The kids use to come and stay with him some times and he had rooms reserved for them.
"Nat we have to let all this anger go and move on, I am not saying go be best friends with him. He needs a friend rn more than ever"
"No No Tony this was for you no you cant give this back. This meant my love for you that what it shows"
"you know I would have taken you back. I am just glad that it is in the past now Steve and I would like to give you another chance. Please dont hurt me" Tony had turned his head and whispered the last part.
"I will take these to office Tony and meet you in the evening, Happy is waiting for me downstairs. Bye everyone" Pepper kissed his cheek and left with the Accords.
"Thank you Tony, I know you suggested Stephen for Vision to come with me. You have done enough for all of us and I think if you can forgive Barnes I can forgive you too" She whispered. Tony just looked at her he wanted to cry but he couldnt. "Thank you Wanda" He whispered. He was so grateful for that.
"I mean some serious competition" Scott said from his place. Everyone looked at him. "What? I am just saying what you all are thinking and it is better to size him up Cap" Scott said.
"He is outside" Nat whispered. Steve looked at her and nodded. Tony would visit him soon but he knew he must be really pissed if he wasn't here next to him or maybe he was expecting too much.
Everyone slowly made their way to the floors. Everyone had been up since early in the morning. Nat, Carol, Rhodey and Peter went to Nats floor to plan a party for Tony at the mansion so he could forget about Steve for sometime. Where aa everyone other than Sam and Bucky stayed with steve in common Room.
"Steve? Sam? where is Tony? please tell me he is alright? Bucky said standing up. Tony moved forward so Bucky could see him and Bucky winced what had he done. Steve turned around to look at Tony and gave him a look to stay behind him but Tony being Tony moved in front and Steve still stood in front of the glass. Bucky could still Tony's face but Steve's body was covering Tony.
"How dare you? How low can you get Clint. This man has protected your family while you just abandoned them. You went off with all of them when you promised me you would not. You know you had made quite a lot of enemies and people were after us. Tony has protected your kids and your wife while you were running around. He did your job. You should be thankful. Nathaniel doesnt remeber you because you werent there. His uncle Tony was. Lila is so sensitive and every time she asked for you Tony told them that you were working never once he told them the truth. Cooper is smart he knew. Stop blaming him for your failure. One more thing dont attack his personal life because I will fight for him Clint so dont your dare bring his past up" Laura shouted.
Everyone moved in and Bruce saw Rhodey's leg and went in the corner to discuss the injuries while Tony sat on the chair beside Rhodey. "Honey bear its my job to end up here, why do you think it would be a good idea to switch roles, huh?" Tony said. Rhodey just rolled his eyes. "He wont let them look at it properly, I swear your friend is such an annoying person" Carol replied. "I can feel nothing sweetheart and you know that" Rhodey sighed and Carol eyes went soft. She leaned down to kiss him. Bruce joined them back. "I have contacted Dr Cho, your leg will be as new as it was before Rhodey. She can fix it and she is on his way. Carol it will take 15 mins to clean your cuts" Carol nodded and started walking with the doctor. "I can come with you" Steve said. Everyone looked up in surprise even Tony. She just nodded and left with Steve.
"What is this? Where are my gluten free waffles with some syrup?" Tony asked. Nat and Carol rolled there eyes.
"Pepper my love stop talking please, I have no idea what you just vomited on me. Were there words in that vomit because I couldnt catch any of that"
"Your turn"
"Are you sure because I do not want to force you in something Tony" Steve replied.
"You are right Cap lets go" Tony said and followed Steve.
"This taste so good just the way I remember it" Tony said and Steve just smiled.
Tony was in a chokehold and was losing colour on his face when Steve, Nat and Carol attacked Bucky. As soon as the entered Steve attacked Barnes. He made him lose his grip and fixed Bucky's attention on him. Steve had punched him and taken Bucky into his hold. He held his metal arm while Nat and Carol held him down. Rhodey went to Tony to see if he was breathing properly.
"The what ifs they do not let us live Carol. You will think about this for a long time but just remember one thing Rhodey is safe because of you and he is alive. He is sitting in the next room and soon his leg will be the same but if you keep thinking about what could have happened you wont be able to enjoy this future with him you know" Carol just nodded and cleaned her face. She got up with all her strength and just nodded towards Steve. Steve got up and walked in the other room. He rolled his eyes when he entered the room. Tony was trying to feed hospital food to Rhodey even when doctor said he could have normal food.
"How are you doing with him back?" Stephen was always like this Tony thought. One of the things he liked about him that he did not go in circles and was always to the point.
"Ross" Tony replied looking at Steve.
"Hey" Tony smiled at Hulk and nodded. Nat was beside Hulk and looked at him. Hulk looked back at Nat.
Meanwhile Strange was laughing and Tony just smiled. He knew what Stephen was doing and as much as he did not like it he was having fun seeing Steve jealous.
"Laura and the kids are still on Clints floor so they might not be able to join" Sam spoke up. Sam, Bucky and Scott were sitting together waiting for the guys to show up.
"What do you want Tony" Steve whispered.
"Cooper" Laura said in her mum tone to be respectful, the boy refused. He has seen his mum cry enough. He had seen Uncle Tony coming and moving them away before the bad guys got him. All he knew was his mum was hurt, Uncle Tony protected them and his dad left. The people at school made fun of him about how his dad was a fugitive. His Uncle Tony had made him moved school and looked after him.
"He was blackmailing us with the video. He wants Barnes to go to the Trial where they will use the words to see if the Winter Soldier is still there before clearing him up for the duty as well as Hulk to see his control towards citizens. The Accords protect all of you and your rights. However, if the video leaks out-" Tony sucked in a sharp breath of air and continued "they will have murder charges pressed against Steve and attempted murder on Barnes. He also knows that Natasha let you and bucky leave the airport and she is on the block as well. It is either Bruce and Barnes on the Trial or the video goes public" Tony sighed and sat down. He needed whiskey+coffee that would make him feel better. Everyone just stood quietly.
He remembered how Tony use to wrap himself around him. He use to call him his personal Teddy bear which use to make Tony roll his eyes and give Steve an annoyed face. Steve smiled. The thought of Tony made him happy. These last 2 years all he did was dream about Tony. The dream either use to be happy or turn into nightmares where Steve was hurting Tony. He could not even speak about this to anyone. Tony use to be his best friend after Bucky and he was glad that Bucky was back but he could not dump his stuff on Buck when he was healing. Sam was there but it wasnt the same. Barton and Wanda both had their personal problems and Scott was just Scott. He knew Tony, Nat and Bruce since the start. Nat and him were close but now everything was gone. She cared but he knew she would pick Tony again and he was glad that Tony had her.
"Dont you ever do that to me Stark. Just because I am a doctor does not mean you always end up in a hospital which is in your tower. If you wanted to see me should have messaged or emailed no need to be that dramatic" Stephen said.
"Yeah the Doc guy who was cuddling with you last night. Sorry i did not mean to disturb you. Tony you have enough people to look after you. I am not needed and I will be with you guys in the missions but I know my presence cause you pain and now you have found someone else I would not stand in the path of your happiness. I love you Tony and I-"Steve was cut off by pair of lips. Tony was kissing him holy shit. Steve was shocked but he realised what was going on. He kissed Tony back. His hands slowly made there way to Tony's back. Tony's lips were so soft and warm. He kissed Tony back with everything in him and they broke apart softly. They both had there eyes closed and just stood there with there foreheads touching.
"Mr Stark I made you coffee just the way you like it" Peter kept the cup in front he knew Tony did not like things handed to him.
"Yeah Stephen whats with the outfit?" Nat asked and Tony was interested to know.
"As if I need that, now go away I have to go for a meeting with Ross" Tony said. Stephen just hugged him and Tony saw Steve avert his eyes.
"Lets all gather in the common room" He didnt even look at Steve and just turned and went in. Steve just stood there hoping for one look but Tony didnt even look at him his glasses were too dark to even see his eyes and Steve just wanted to look at those once.
"Well he did not hide stuff from Laura neither he put a shield in her chest so yeah" Tony blurted out and he realised how wrong he was
"Carol is going to kill me you know for letting you do this stupid friend thing"
"Tony? My love, why dont we take a break?" Steve said softly. Tony turned around from his holograms screens and gave Steve a hard look "I cant rest without knowing who did this. Carol and Rhodey could have been dead, Peter could have been kidnapped or Clint and his family or Scott. Do you want me to rest so they can take another shot at one of us" Tony replied while his voice was rising with every word. Currently Clint and Nat were on computers and phone trying to find out more information, Bruce was tracing those people and Sam and Stephen were running checks. Wanda and Vision were hard at work as well. After Tony's outburst everyone stopped and could feel the tension.
"Cooper remember we-"
"Good night Tony" Steve said.
"Pep did you go to the hospital?" Nat asked
"Take care of her Vision" Tony said and Vis nodded. He bumped himself into Carol.
"My kid hates me" Clint had said out loud
"Well I would have if you-"Wanda was interrupted by Steve.
"Okay dont be all mushy with me. What have you thought about Wanda" Tony asked backing away from Stephen.
"No, I just thought we will have a professional meeting with this guy coming in" Steve said
"I have sent over the recordings with Ross to the council and they are putting him up for a Trial. After that he will be done Tony for sure" Nat said.
"I will be around the tower tomorrow as well so yeah just come down in the lab" He said and walked away. He was waiting for the elevator and bumped into Steve
Tony was happy. His heart was at peace. Steve was with him and they loved each other. Peter was happy about it as well and that made Tony really happy. The part which had been missing for 2 years in his life was complete. He was complete. He fought with Steve twice regarding the shield but he knew Steve was as stubborn as him. He was currently working on his shield but he had changed the design on it hoping Steve would agree to take it back.
"Who is this guy?" Steve was a bit worried. Steve thought was he and Tony close and how close. Did Tony find someone else.
"Get everyone together Tony and Nat are on there way. They have some news to tell us and it did not sound good" Rhodey said. Suddenly everyone was sitting in the common room waiting. Not knowing what had happened. It made Steve anxious. Was Tony okay? thats the only thing that was going through his mind.
"Tony I am so-" Bucky was cut off by Tony.
"You are lying Tony, I know you love me and if you dont look in my eyes and say it. I know when you are lying. Am I not worth a second chance. Please. All I want is you Tony only you" Steve was sobbing and he had gotten up and sat on the floor next to Tony. The thought of him killing Tony made him sick all he wanted to do was take Tony in his arms and feel his soft lips and just hold him fro the rest of their lives but he knew he couldnt.
"Peter calm down" Nat moved and kept a hand on his shoulder. Tony appreciated that he did not know right now how to calm anyone down.
"Welcome back Mr stark. Captain Rogers is packing his bags as we speak" Friday replied. Tony was alarmed. Packing? where was he going what had happened? He said he wont leave him so what was wrong? Tony reached Steve's floor and moved towards his lounge and Steve came out at the same time with a bag to keep it beside the other. He saw Tony and just froze. What was Tony doing here and where was Doctor guy. Tony looked hurt, he was upset and confused what was going on with Steve. Steve dropped his bag and just stood there.
"Cooper come here you have grown up so much" Clint said hugging Lila. Cooper refused to move and go near his dad. He just stood there with Peter.
"Tony I can eat normal food stop trying to make me eat this soup" Rhodey said for the third time and rolled his eyes. Vision and Wanda were enjoying the whole scenario while Bruce was setting up equipment already. "Not fair Rhodey bear I always have to eat this shit so this means I get to feed you this as well" Tony tried again. "Leave him alone Edward" Carol said and took the food away from Tony's hand. "You okay?" Rhodey asked and she just smiled and nodded. "Friday has prepared your floor guys and Helen is an hour away do you want to rest Carol"Tony asked. "We can stay here with Rhodey" Wanda said and Carol smiled at her probably for the first time ever. "Thank you Wanda, but I just want to be with James" She replied and ran a hand on Rhodey's face. "You guys go and rest I will inform you once the procedure is done. Rhodey needs to sleep as well" Bruce informed them and Tony resisted in the end Carol kicked him out.
"Cap-"
"Too long Tony". Tony did not reply. Instead he kept on starring.
"You know what Pep take a holiday. One Week off effective immediately" Tony said
Tony just stood there for a minute. He wasn't sure how Steve could still read him but he knew that he was right. He freshened up and directly went down to his lab. The lab still had Steve's Shield and Tony knew he had to give it back. 6 hours later they heard the avenger alarm. Everyone gathered up in the common room all dressed up.
"You go first Tony"
"Yeah you know Stephen darling there is no better doctor than you out there" Tony said rolling his eyes. Did Tony called Strange darling Steve just stared. It was time he made his presence known and he could try being civil to him.
"Are you 2 close? I mean he looks like he is close to you" Steve asked
"You are late Strange" Tony said
"Bruce you will have other people with you in there as well. It wont be Nat only you know that right?" Steve said.
"Oh shut up Cap this is no bother just hurry up so I can start eating food again before Stephen steals some of it like always" Tony got up and walked towards the bathroom. Steve quietly followed him. Tony took his hands and put them under warm water. Steve did not even wince he just kept looking at Tony.
"Hello" Hulk said softly. They had Peter in the room just to see how Hulk would react to new people in tomorrows Trial. Tony was not happy with this but he had made sure if something was going to happen to Peter Mark 42 will engulf Peter.
"I am okay Tony just trying to make peace with Bucky being gone and Clint as well you know" Steve answered honestly. "What about you? I know you havent been sleeping and dont ask me how. I am just worried" Steve said.
Tony somehow related himself to her they both were left by the people they love but Clint did not put a arrow in her heart. " I am okay I think, I have to go Laura I will see you tomorrow. Take care" "Friday whats the time?"
"I dont know Laura. A part of me has forgiven him but I cant forget and I need to heal myself first. I am putting myself first. You have 3 beautiful kids and if you want to leave him I will support you but dont make decisions in a hurry like I do. You might regret it" Tony replied.
"If you want me to stay I will. I would do anything for you Tony, anything. Dont ever hurt yourself like that please" Steve asked and Tony just nodded and backed away slightly and Steve let him.
"I will go with Bucky" Steve said standing up.
Carol just hugged Rhodey and Tony smiled and announced he was off for the night. Tomorrow will be better for sure. Where as Steve did not like the idea of Stephen who was this guy and why was he preparing a room here did he stay here a lot with Tony. Steve did not feel like meeting this guy but he knew he had just gotten a piece of tony back and he would hold on to it as a dying man hold on to hope.
"I am glad you asked and I had a great dinner. How have you been Steve?" Tony asked as he focused on Steve's face and the blonde looked tired.
"You are not allowed to enter my lab Strange I told you to keep this circle outside my lab" Tony sighed.
"I did not-"
Tony stared at him for a minute and he knew how annoyed he was when Steve used to go Nat or Sam to talk about stuff. "I am sorry Steve, I asked Friday to call you but you were in the shower and that is why she notified Stephen. I know how you feel and I will try to work on it. Give your fella another chance?" Tony replied with a lopsided smile. Steve could never say no to Tony when he was smiling like that and he just pulled him to kiss him slowly. They pulled apart and stayed like that for a minute before Friday informed them that everyone was waiting.
"You know we cant see them right?" Nat asked.
"Hi Tones. What are you up to?" Rhodey asked.
"Good morning Tony" Steve replied with a smile on his face. Steve wasnt sure if this was a dream or reality was Tony really here in his arms?
Laura had taken kids to bed and Pepper had gone home with Happy. Carol and Rhodey had asked to stay but Tony told them to leave as well as he knew they have had a long day as well. Peter, Bruce, Nat, Steve, Clint and Sam sat in the lounge.
"Are you really? I give you your shield back and updated your hand harness accordingly and you did not even touch it. Not even that you went in field without it and nearly got yourself killed! If you are going to do that to yourself and leave me alone again I need to know because I cant play this game anymore!" Tony shouted and Steve came to the realisation that the genius was worried about him. It hurts to think that Tony thought this was some game to Steve but he knew the trust which he destroyed would take a long time to be build back in their relationship.
"You better not because if you do Rogers I swear I will take him away with me and you will not be able to get him back" Stephen said and left. Steve left shortly.
"Sure"
"Guys we do not know much. He just called me to gather everyone at the Tower" Carol replied.
"You know you can get in this blanket Steve, plenty of space" Tony pulled the blanket up and Steve just got in. It felt so right and weird at the same time.
"Coop? you free kid?"
Everyone went silent for a few moments no one dared to speak. The word Family was so funny to all of them. Each one of them had a share of hurt by their families.
"Enough Wanda!" Steve said. He knew Tony and was sure that he would not say anything to her as he held the guilt inside even after all this time. Wanda was young he agreed but she needed to respect Tony as well. He wished he could solve everything and all he needed was one chance to speak to Tony. He tried making eye contact with Tony but Tony would look everywhere but at him and with everyone around him he just could not find a moment alone with him.
Hey guys!
"Rhodey told me to tell you to Fuck off"
"Umm okay I can leave-" Tony was about to turn around.
"Dont start with your smart mouth I will call Carol and she will sort you out"
"I am not threat to him and i would never hurt him" Steve replied.
"Tony its not about you running away if that is what you are thinking" Tony give her a look
"Well I have decided I can stay here for a few more hours, that wont be a problem right Tony? Stephen was looking at Steve and speaking to Tony. Tony was confused and Stephen knew what Steve wanted and he would not give him that easily.
"No Uncle Tony with play with me first, right uncle Tony?" Lila said looking at him with puppy eyes.
"Tonight?" Steve asked hopefully.
"Let's get my fella some nice food" Steve replied and extended his hand towards Tony. "Well, if you want to spoil your fella with food, who am I to stop my love" Tony took his hand and they went to the common room. Everyone was already in their seats. They had Ross on their tail and had so much information to go through but right now all that mattered was sitting here next to Tony, surrounded by their family. This was more than enough for Steve. They would deal with ross after this moment but this was his moment. Tony felt eyes on him and looked up to Steve who was staring him with a smile. Tony asked what with his head and Steve just nodded back nothing and placed a kiss on his cheek. Yeah they will be alright Steve thought.
"Well I have list of people who have these abilities and i keep a check on them if you become a threat to others i will strip you from your powers and before you ask yes young lady I can do that" Strange calmly replied.
"Steve lets go man" Sam said as everyone started moving inside. Steve just nodded and walked. He wished he could just kiss Tony and tell him how much he loved him but he knew how Tony had stopped him from getting near.
"Tony you say the word and we can go out and probably have some good pizza. I mean I really appreciate that you are making the effort but I want you to take it easy. Dont do something you are not comfortable with" Nat replied with a sigh. She was just worried.
"Steve come sit down" but Steve did not move. Sam and Bucky tried to move him gently but he did not budge.
"SURPRISE!!!!" There was everyone Nat, Vis, Rhodey, Pepper, Happy, Harley, Laura, the kids and Bruce.
"Last time I let you in that did not end well for me did it?" Steve flinched and Tony felt bad that is why he did not want to speak to Steve.
"Enough, we are here for different purpose. So stop" Steve sighed. This was not going to go anywhere Steve thought.
"So what is this party for, last I checked it isnt my birthday Rhodey bear so why does it look like unicorn pooped here? not that I am complaining"
"Shut it Barnes me and Pete can be here the whole day and still wont get tired. I swear the kid has more energy than anything. Come sit I will bring you arm and attach it" Tony pointed him at the chair and brought the arm out. They both worked silently and Bucky just sat there starring at Tony. He killed his parents even if he cannot remember it how can this guy be so nice. He is here fixing him a new arm and whatever happened in that bunker. Bucky knew Tony was a good guy and Steve had screwed it up like always. He told him so much about Tony while they were in Wakanda all that guy could say was Tony's name in almost everything.
"But I didnt do anything" Tony was confused.
"Sammy these are new wings I made they are made from vibranium so it will be easier for you to fly as its light and no one can really shoot it down"
"Tony someone attacked us we are on our way to the tower" Carol explained in a hurry and he knew things were bad no matter what situation it was Carol was never nervous.
"Tony, you and Nat have been in so many meetings with that guy. Surely you would have noticed something off right? anything which can lead to proof against him?" Steve asked. He was sure that guy like him would keep the secret close to him or hidden and if anyone could guess it would be his amazing genius boyfriend or his spy redheaded friend.
"I really like the set up Steve just a bit overwhelming" Tony said and Steve put his hand forward which Tony took.
"yeah and your prep talk was going to work? I know he was having a break down and he needed rest. He hasn't been sleeping well in the night Friday keeps me updated" Carol replied. Everyone know settled down waiting for any news. Banner walked in.
Nat sighed "Okay I will think about it". She cut the line.
"He is a great guy Steve. He will come around just dont give up on him" Bucky said
"Do you-want to-I mean do you-Would you like to sleep I mean up to you what I wanted to ask you was that if you would-" Steve smiled he knew what Tony was asking and smiled.
"Thanks Tony" Bruce smiled. Tony just smiled and nodded
"I took the day off I wanted to be here with you and we have something planned f-" Carol kept her hand on his mouth.
"You were having a nervous breakdown we had to tranquillise you. It has been 4 hours we were expecting you to sleep for 6 hours at least. Tony is okay he is in the room beside you." Carol replied.
"Friday code Whiskey" an arrow was shot and wanda was on the floor. Clint ran towards her and everyone just paused.
"Are you sure about that?" Steve replied. Suddenly Tony moved back and looked at him. "Where is this coming from Steve, what's wrong?" Tony did not know what was Steve thinking, they had a lovely afternoon together and Steve was asking if Tony loved him back.
"What? How is Carol and Rhodey?" Nat asked.
"Tony dont talk just focus on breathing okay?" Nat had whispered. Tony started counting and was back but his voice was hoarse and he looked bruised up. Steve sat in front of Tony and examined his injuries.
"He wont give up that easily but lets hope" Bruce said and Tony nodded. Everyone went to there bed leaving Tony and Steve alone.
First of all I am so sorry for taking such a long break. I just finished my long dissertation and now I am back. Thank you for being so patient.
"Oh man this is brilliant it sounds like you are going on your first date ever" Rhodey couldn't stop laughing and now Tony was pouting.
"Any questions?"
"You thought blackmailing Tony would work and when it did not happen you did this because you knew you could take Bucky in this way" Steve had shouted.
"I will always love you Tony and whenever you need me I will be here always. I heard a saying you know and I will hope it will come true. When you love something you let it go and if it comes back to you it was yours and if it doesnt it wasnt yours. Even if you do not come back to me I will still love you and wait for you everyday. In the meantime we can be team mates I hop and I will get you to trust me Tony I will do anything you want" Tony just looked at him and looked down. There was a part of him who wanted to go back to him but he knew he had to be better. He needs to look out for himself.
"Captain" he nodded
"They are at the mansion Mr Barton" Peter replied.
"Tony this is not some game to me and I would never leave you again. I mean it. I really appreciate what you did with the shield I really do but I am more than just a guy with shield. I cant use to the shield again Tony" Steve whispered the last part painfully. How could he make Tony understand this whole situation.
"Hey Nat calm down its daddy" Laura had seen enough and just took him back from Clint and calmed Nathaniel down.
"Yeah Tony?" Steve replied.
"Tony, of course, I trust you. It is not about jealousy. I just wanted to be the one to help you. Why didn't you ask Friday to call me, there is nothing more important than you. I am sorry for sounding like an asshole. I just I am frustrated Tony. I knew there was something wrong and I knew you did not feel about talking but it's like I have to try to open you up to talk to me and he gets it without even trying. I know you are his friend and that is good that you are speaking about it with someone. I just feel like I am not enough for you. How would you feel if I took my problems and started to share them with someone else instead of you? We are together in this and I want you to be able to tell me whatever it is that is bothering you. We don't have to share everything but at least somethings" Steve said softly.
"Okay, lets go"
"Oh yeah sorry" Steve saw the plastic cup with a straw and fille dit in and brought it to Tony. "Small sips darling" Steve held the glass and made sure Tony took small sips.
"Thanks honey bear now I have to go and get ready"
"I know and I really like it but I cant. Just drop it please" Steve said and turned.
"By stuff you mean bang each other, sure, bye"
The sun was too bright today, Tony thought. Friday usually darkens the windows when he is sleeping why was sun so bright and where was this warmth coming from. He could feel arms wrapped around him and his pillow was breathing?. Something was not right he thought and opened his eyes. As soon as he opened his eyes he tried to got up but the arms around him were tight. He remembered last night. He looked at Steve who was still sleeping. This gave enough time to Tony to stare at his beautiful face. How much Tony had missed waking up like this, wrapped in Steve's arms. He was looking at Steve's face when he opened his baby blue eyes.
"I was also a neurologist Tony you might have forgotten that" Stephen interrupted him.
"Tony you have to understand please. I do not trust any of those people near you and if I have to I will get rid of them. I know you are upset and you think I am making you run just for a few days stay with us the mansion isnt that far away and we will train together. Peter is worried and I am as well. You almost died if I havent showed up in that bunker you would have been gone kay so yeah I will be angry. If I have to I will kill them"
"Okay common lets eat something I am starving and my husband has made amazing steaks right honey?" Carol spoke and went to give Rhodey a kiss.
"I forgive you Cap is that what you want? Is that you want to hear so it could make you feel better?" Tony replied still not looking at him.
"What the hell vis announce yourself, heart patient here. One day I will have a heart attack because of you and yes I am staying" Vision just blinked
"Hank is cool I mean he can be a bit scary but he is a nice man"
"I am sorry if I disturbed you gu-"
"I am fine, just a night mare nothing new" Yeah nothing new he thought. It was hilarious how Steve use to keep the nightmares away, how he use to hold him after one and tell him how much he loved him till he fall asleep and now he is the reason of all his nightmares.
"I am not saying no but next time we have a mission I will try for you" Tony was beaming at least it was not a straight no and how he almost killed him lecture. He kissed Steve again and again. Steve laughed in between the kisses as he knew Tony felt happy but he remembered the genius had to go up and get dressed for dinner. He pulled himself back when Tony tried to kiss him again. "I will give you more than a kiss if you go and get changed, everyone is waiting" Steve said and Tony pouted. "It better be a lot more than a kiss" and grabbed Steve's ass and left.
"Arent you a sight for sore eyes" Steve said and Tony jumped.
"He called me to inform me that he will show up tomorrow for a day only though he is needed back Kamar Taj" Nat replied
"You are taking all the stupid with you" Steve whispered.
"What!?" Tony said.
"Surp- what happened Mr Stark!" Peter ran towards Tony and looking at him. His one eye was black and he had 2 cast and bruises. Tony looked like when he came back from the hospital after Siberia.
"Well Bucky and Sam made me watch movie with them and Cooper is speaking to Mr Barton again" Peter replied smiling. Tony was happy, this was progress. He realised it must be the scare the kid went through after knowing about him.
"Its... it's all my fault, isn't it?" Tony replied sitting next to Stephen. "About what Tony? what are you talking about?" Stephen asked. "Ross. I brought him in you don't understand this is all my fault. He wouldn't be doing this if it was not for the accords. I did this Stephen!" Tony shouted in the end. "Listen to me Tony and listen good. This is not your fault, this could have happened either way. The government would play the accords and you and I, we both know it would have been much worse. You just wanted to do better and you did. It is not your fault that Ross turned out to be this. You do not get to blame yourself for others, Tony. Never. Ross is doing all this and he would have done this if instead of you the government would have brought him in. He would have done the same thing. Tony Stark you are not the one to be blamed so stop it. You are the most genius person I have met excluding myself" Stephen replied.
"How are you Steve, since Tony left you went for run and did not show up for dinner or anything we were just worried" Bucky asked. he knew his friend better than anyone.
"Tony..Carol she cares about you a lot, she did not have any family and you treated her like family, she is very protective of you and she is clearly not happy with all of them coming back. We both know she will do anything to protect you"
"Hey Cap it wasnt your fault he is just a kid" Carol had said and everyone looked at her shocked. She was being nice to Steve?
"See Steve is eating the same as you" Bruce pointed and he saw Steve sitting with same breakfast as him. All that frustration went out of the window when he saw that. He knew Steve was doing this because he did not want Tony to feel alone and sick. Steve knew everyone would be eating a different breakfast and he did not want Tony to feel sick or feel like they were treating him different so he would eat whatever Tony would eat. Tony just smiled and started eating his breakfast quietly.
"You have done enough Tony. Take acre of yourself" Bucky replied.
Sam met Tony's eye and nodding to say Thank you. Bucky smiled and Scott looked happy as well. Steve was still outside. Cooper did not look happy and Peter just stood next to Tony and squeezed his arm.
Tony sat in the car. He had cried on his way but as soon as he got in the car Carol and Peter hugged him and sat beside him.
"Thanks Fri, you guys ready to move? Remember be nice okay I cant handle another Civil War and Carol you dont even know them yet so give them a chance before you start shooting unicorn poop from your hand on them. Peter stay close to pepper and Rhodey. Pepper you have all the paper work right? Nat and Vis you guys be-"
"Hey what stop looking at me like that I can be nice" Carol had rolled her eyes. Sam was downstairs waiting for Bucky to wake up he prayed that the guy who woke up would be his friend. Steve just stood with Tony he knew the kid was right and it was all his fault. Since they came back all he did was hurt Tony in some way. Tony just squeezed his shoulder and Steve just nodded.
"Tony?"
"Well I can give him one of the Stark phones and Friday can help him learn, Sam you look like you will kill yourself soon" Tony smiled
"You fell unconscious and Steve caught you. He brought you down and after that he just lost it" Nat replied.
Tony sat on the floor taking deep breaths, his hands touched the cold floor making him feel a bit alive. He tried counting in his head to calm himself and after a few minutes his breathing was finally normal. Tony was not sure what Steve wanted to talk about after all this time.But he knew he had to speak to him soon. Clearly he wanted to throw some apologies at him. Nothing mattered anymore and what good an apology will bring. He knew nothing will go back to normal. There wont be anymore nights where Steve held him while they slept or how they use to make love in early hours of the morning or how Steve use to go run and made sure he was back before Tony woke up so his face would be the first thing he will see. Steve was a face what his nightmares held. Sometimes he wanted to compare Steve to Stane but somehow he just could not.
"Well I snuck out they were going to discharge me anyway. You running away like always?" Tony said. He did not mean to be rude and sound so bitter but the words came out.
Steve felt happy and home. He was home in Tony's arm. He hoped everything would remain like this. Steve had no idea that this was the calm before storm.
"So I am sure this genius here have informed you about why am I here?" Stephen asked and everyone nodded.
"You going to join me?" Tony asked.
I hope you guys like it!
"I-ca-nt I-"
"Sorry Mr Stark I wanted to stay with you tonight if you dont mind"
Steve felt guilty about Rhodey's leg if this whole mess did not happen he culd have walked and maybe wont be here today. He could see the same guilty expression on Carol's face. He said quietly as doctor did his work. When he left the room it was silent for 5 mins before Carol spoke up. "I was down in the kitchen sneaking some ice-cream because James steals mine when we eat together I couldnt sleep and went down and suddenly I heard this blast" Steve got up and sat beside her. He did not touch her but he knew how to provide comfort without invading someone personal space. "I ran up and James was there stuck I couldnt get to him at first you know and he wasnt wearing his braces. I could smell his leg burning but he couldnt feel it" a tear made its way down her cheek. "I grabbed him and made it out of the house but what if I was late you know? and the fire would have reached him. He couldnt move and I-" Carol chocked up. She did not mention the part where she flew him out using her powers but she knew she could not give that away.
"It wont come to that. Bruce, Nat and Clint are still in lab trying to hack into Ross's Server. Bucky is preparing himself with Sam and Scott" Carol informed him.
"Hi Ed"
"I will go" Tony said.
"Did he just say my name?" Tony was shocked. Nathaniel was 2 but he didnt really speak up. He was a very shy kid who did not speak much if he wasnt comfortable.
"What is going on between you 2? You guys are making weird eye contact my kids are looking up to you. Why is she going to your floor Stark? Why is my kid in your arms. Have you brain washed her. My kids arent talking to me its your fault. What have you done" Clint shouted.
"Tony, why arent you ready yet. You know what time it is right? It is 8 am. Everyone is waiting upstairs and the jet is about to land in exactly one hour. Have you called Ross yet with the timings? He wanted update on the avengers and after signing the accords he wants a copy as well. Also, have you packed your stuff? should I call Happy to assist you? What-"
"Nothing" Stephen replied and walked to stand in the centre.
"Tony, listen to me, focus on my voice I know it is hard just breath yeah? Take my hand just hold on to it I promise it will be okay just deep breaths. Take deep breaths" Stephen put his hand forward and Tony grabbed it. He slowly brought it to his own heart and kept his hand there. "Tony, I know it is hard but just count my heartbeats yeah? I will count with you. 1001, 1002, 1003...1060" Tony was almost breathing normally and Stephen just hugged him. "It is okay Tony, you'll be okay". Stephen hated this, seeing Tony in pain was never easy for him he sometimes wished that he could take away all of his pain. "What happened? talk to me"
"Ross has the video of the Bunker. The fight between Steve, Bucky and Tony" Nat said. Everyone was tense now. No one knew there were cameras there not to there information.
"NOOO" he sat up on the bed as he was shivering. He looked down and he was covered in his own sweat. He looked around and saw Natasha and Vision ready to attack. nat took his hand and kept it on her pulse so he could count in to his head and calm down. This wasnt the first time she did this.
"Long day Tony" Sam said.
"Well I have a list of all the times you have hurt him would you like me to state it alphabetically or chronologically?" Stephen stood up as well he was not afraid of a challenge. Sam looked like he wanted to interrupt but Nat just shook her head she wanted to see what would happen. She knew Stephen had feelings for Tony but she wanted Steve to fight for Tony.
"Maybe I dont know Steve but all I can offer you is my friendship at the moment" Tony replied
"No nurses are attractive and you look like shit anyway. I will fix it" Tony knew this was wrong but he just couldnt help his nature for fixing everything. He had done this 100 times before. He knew Steve would ignore this and it will get worst in the morning and Steve wont be able to do anything. His serum will fix it in 2 days but still he knew how stubborn Steve was. Carol was giving him the eye to dont do this. Rhodey just sighed. Nat's face was normal. Somehow she understood him. Bruce was too busy eating food to form an opinion.
"No Tony I did not mean it that way. The winter Soldier does not know the difference and Serum gives him-" Steve was cut out by Tony.
Tony was in the wormhole, he saw what was right above them. All he could see was darkness. It was dark and suddenly he saw Steve dead laying there with the whole team. He ran towards Steve and held him. He looked around for others.
"Whats going on? you are not leaving the company? are you? oh my god you are leaving me forever and shifting to some weird place arent you?" Tony stated horrified. Pepper just rolled her eyes and continued.
The door opened and Tony saw a table with candles and roses in the middle with some food placed nearby. He looked around and saw there were candles lit up and a comfortable place to sit on the ground with some blankets and pillows. Tony just stood quietly he felt loved. Steve was nervous and what if he had screwed this up. Carol and Nat helped him set this up.
"Guys we have a situation in a town 20 miles away. There are some weird robots sightings and civilians around. Someone call it" Bruce said. Everyone looked towards Steve including Tony. Steve's eyes were fixed at Tony and Tony just nodded.
"I am not ready Tony the Soldier still is in me and he is trying to take control. I want to go back under the process of cryonics. I cant hurt anyone else Steve" Bucky said. Steve just nodded. He knew bucky would blame himself and he just wanted the best for him. He wanted to stay at the tower but after what had happened maybe this will help Bucky.
"Look Cap I do not want your excuses you made yourself quite clear when you picked that lover boy over me. I am done with you and you should stop wasting your time and go look after your precious "Bucky". I do not need you or want you"
"Umm I mean its okay if you dont want to I-" Steve started nervously. He just prayed that he did not lose all the progress with Tony. He was interrupted by Tony.
The morning came and everyone was waiting for Bucky to arrive. Everyone said there goodbyes. Peter had told Bucky that he will miss him as no one will be asking questions about different things in movies. Sam had hugged Bucky as well. including everyone else. When it came to Tony, Bucky stood in front of him. Tony hugged him.
"I need someone with a tranq for a super soldier" Carol shouted and everyone held Steve down while they injected him. He was taken in a room where he would stay sleep for 6 hours maximum.
"When did I steal your student" Tony argued back.
"Okay, guys we now know it is Ross so we could probably start looking him in more detail. We have had a very shitty night and half of the day is gone so let's search whatever we can. Let's pull up all the files, recordings whatever we have on Ross. I will check on Peter and Rhodey and had down to my lab we can meet up at dinner and discuss it after. Sounds good?" Tony stated. He just wanted to know Ross's game plan. In the end, it was his fault for trusting him and see where it got everyone. Everyone nodded and started to scramble. Stephen looked at him to make eye contact but he just ignored it.
"Yeah best sleep I had in ages, what about you? you slept well?" Steve asked.
"I have to go I am sorry" Tony hurried and left. Tony went in his lab.
"No Tony there is nothing to be-" Steve was silenced again by another long kiss which had turned into Steve moaning in Tony's mouth as Tony's hand grabbed Steve's ass.
Nat looked up to him she knew it will be a bit too much for Tony. It was what only 2 days since they came back and he just cannot sit with them and start having dinner. However, he knew this would be the only time Cooper will sit with his father. He wanted them to be a family but he knew he needed a way out. Nat knew Tony well but she knew it made her feel awkward as well. She might have forgiven Clint and the others but if it was between them and Tony she would pick Tony. Tonys expression were hard to read. He did not want to say yes but he knew he had to leave the past behind. He knew when they decide to work on Accords that everyone will be back. Everyone was silent waiting for Tony to say yes or no.
"Wha-" Tony was in shock what was going on? the kids ran up to him and hugged him.
"Why is he in you arms give me my son I can hold him" as soon as Nathaniel was taken out of Tony's arm he started crying. The kid hasnt seen Clint since he was 2 months old and he did not really recognise him. He wailed and started kicking.
"I am good Tony just worried about you and you know Happy he is always running around" Pepper replied with a smile.
"He had a breakdown after they brought you down. We had to put him down" Nat replied to Tony's question. Tony was shocked. Steve had a breakdown because of him. He never wanted to hurt Steve.
"I know, anything else I can do for you?" Tony asked he just wanted to be alone because he knew soon he had to go get the kids and go back to the mansion.
"Yeah last I checked that is still my name"
"Okay sorry jeez dont tell her please I will help man. Listen its Steve okay? just be yourself Tones and if he hurts you this time I will personally kick his ass" Rhodey replied.
"Sure"Tony said still sounding confused.
"Wait Steve, Laura you go in the car and get settled I will be there" Laura just gave him the look but said nothing and went.
"Ste-ev-e wh a at hap-pened, I ca-nt"
"Your man knows his stuff. This is so light and feels so normal. That guy is a genius" Bucky said.
"I have an announcement to make" Pepper said standing up and Happy just smiled at her and nodded.
"Where are we going?" Tony asked.
"Tony I am so sorry. I was angry I am so sorry for everything I did not mean to say all this. I am sorry" Clint said
"I dont want to stay here and I want to go Uncle Tony" Cooper looked at him and Tony just sighed
"Well normal people usually ask name and speak from there mouth instead of peeking into people's brain" Carol did not give up ever. She would not back down.
"Well Mr Rogers what is it that you cannot say in front of us?" Carol said making sure he could listen to the hatred in her voice.
"I am fine, yeah sure" Tony replied. They both first went to see Peter and May. They were fine Peter was a lot better. Rhodey was resting when they reached, Carol was sleeping beside him so they did not disturb them and left. Tony wanted some time alone and went to his lab. Steve knew him and he did not want to push him so he let him before making him promise that if he needs him he knows where to find him.
Soon Tony everyone was served breakfast and Steve sat a plate of Avocado on toast and some yogurt with fruits and a glass of smoothie.  Steve knew Tony wont be happy but he had spoken to the doctor about Tony's diet. Sam had some knowledge as well. He knew Tony wont be happy but he could be grumpy all he wants if that meant keeping him healthy.
"I will go and check on him" Peter had said and left. They had started hanging together after the whole Civil war and they were like brothers he always thought of Harley and Cooper as his younger brother and was always there for them.
"I am sorry Mr Stark" Peter had whispered while sitting beside Tony.
"Give this lil munchkin to me and you go ahead" Tony took Nathaniel so Laura could hold Lila's hand who seemed nervous during the ride. Cooper was clearly sulking by now and Peter was with him. Laura walked in first. Friday must have alerted everyone else as everyone was in the lounge. Laura and Lila were followed by Tony and Nathaniel in his arms. Peter and Cooper were the last.
Next morning Tony knew he had to go back to the tower. Nat had already went with Bruce to get some coffee he hoped that they will talk it out. Bruce said that they will directly meet with them at the tower. Carol and Rhodey had a date night plan so they were staying at the mansion and Carol had clearly instructed him to get his ass back here as it was going to be Movie night. Laura and the kids were staying here as well so he had to bring them back as well. Unfortunately, Harley had to go back as he had some family wedding. Peter was his shadow he would go everywhere Tony went.
He got a small duffel bag and threw some clothes in and found a ring, the one he bought for Steve before the whole thing. He thought he would propose after he gets bucky home from Siberia. He laughed at his fate, how things turned out. He opened the drawer where he kept Steves Tags the one he gave him on there one year anniversary. He use to wear them all the time. It was time to give him back. He almost cried but he remembered he had to be strong for everyone around him.
"I know what you wanted to ask me and yes we can sleep in the same bed. The night we slept together was the fisrt time I did not had night mares Tony so yes I would love to sleep in the same bed" Steve said.
"I believe Boss is having a Heart Attack. The lift is ready to take boss to the hospital floor and the doctors are preparing for necessary arrangements.
After a few hours, it was almost dinner time. Friday had placed orders and everyone had started to emerge with the information. Steve came up looking for Tony, he knew Tony was working and probably was still upset over something he would just talk to him in the night. Before going to get him Steve announced that he would take a shower and get Tony after that. While Steve went to shower Friday informed Strange that he was needed in the lab. When he reached the lab he saw Tony laying on the floor and breathing heavily. Stephen had seen this in the past he was having a panic attack. He rushed towards Tony.
"Call me Bruce"
"I will go check on Tony" Carol got up and she knew Tony would be in his lab.
Bucky ran after Steve. "Steve wait Punk"
"I am sorry about Peter. He was upset and-"
"Be with him if that is what makes you happy Tony. I am so happy for you" Stephen smiled.
The room was ready for Hulk to come out everyone was prepared inside room but they stood a bit far away. Nat kissed Bruce and stood near him giving him enough space.
"You need to rest Tony lets take you to your room" Rhodey had said.
"Okay Pep and Nat what are you doing there" Nat turned around looking at the mess YOU and Butterfingers had created.
"Nat it is all my fault, it is all my fault, it is all my fault Nat. Look what I did to Tony all my fault.." He kept on repeating.
Tony walked off knowing what he had said, he agreed to speak to Steve what had he done. But he knew he needed to speak to him and he just could not delay it further, this talk was already causing him so much stress. He felt so tired already that he knew he needed to get over this talk and just not think anymore about it. Peter touched his back slightly.
"Steve Peter was wrong, he was just upset with what had happened. He is very close to me and he sees me as a paternal figure. I love that kid Steve but I know when he is wrong. He was lashing out because he is afraid to lose me so please dont take anything he said to your heart. Although you already did by the look of your hands but I want you to know I dont blame you at all Steve and I know it was not your fault. This was all Ross's plan and I am okay so dont you think it was your fault or Bucky's. Okay?" Tony had said while taking his hand in Steves. Steve just held on to his hand. Tony saw a tear made way down on Steve's cheek. He was about to console him when the blonde started to talk.
"Vision can go with you Wanda" Tony added.
He was just going to dress casual. It was exactly 7 when Friday announced that Steve was waiting in his lounge. Tony felt excited and nervous he looked at the mirror and he prepared himself.
"Do I look like a nurse to you Strak" Stephen replied. He knew Tony wanted to help him. He wanted to see what Tony would do.
"You are so innocent Nathan and i wish you didnt have to grow up but you will and this place is not that nice but Uncle Tony will always be here for you" Tony kissed his cheek and brought him at the table. Steve just looked at the sight. Tony holding a baby, it could have been there baby if this whole thing did not had happened but he knew he might not be able to have that chance. But that sight made Steve's heart melt. He just wanted to go there and wrap his arms around him.
It had been almost a month since Tony's heart attack and there kiss. Steve had been there everyday. He ate whatever Tony was eating, when Tony got cleared by Bruce to work in his lab Steve dropped by every 3 hours either with a snack or just checking up on Tony. He never came inside respecting Tony's personal space. Steve knew whatever happens Tony's lab is his space where he finds comfort and Steve did not wan to take away that. Neither he nor Tony spoke about the kiss but he knew Tony asked him to wait so he will wait.
"Yes Boss"
After half an hour they both made it to the lab. Vision and Wanda had left to take a short nap and Nat and Bruce had an hour of sleep each. Sam and Stephen were still searching while Clint had a lead. "We found one of the guys who planted the bomb at the mansion and Clint and Nat have gone to get him" Bruce had informed Tony and Steve and now they were patiently waiting for them.
"Friday bring up the prints for Mark LX, lets get this show on the road and play my playlist while you are at it"
"Yes Boss"  Friday replied and all the bots hurried up to their assigned stations.
"Kid not in the common room" Tony sighed and smiled.
Tony's hand was itching, all he needed was a glass of whiskey. Yeah that would calm him down but he had promised them all that he will not. After Steve left him Alcohol was the best thing to him. It did not ask questions, help him ease pain and did not leave him behind like Steve. He loved it so much that ended up in the hospital with alcohol poisoning. Happy and Pepper came to visit him and found him passed out. After that day they made him give up Alcohol. However, right now that would really help him he thought. He sat at the table and motioned Steve to sit in front of him. He was on alert if Steve tried to attack at least he will have Friday ready with suit.
"Tony?"
"I cant lose him you know. I have made that mistake once and I didnt knew about his health you know. He hated me and I hated myself. I still do but I knew he was alive. Tony not-" Steve paused and took a deep breath and continued "Him not existing in this world that would kill me. I dont even know what will I do"
"You going somewhere Cap?" Sam asked from the sofa. Steve blushed and Tony picked up what was happening. He knew Steve knew how much he loved him with shirt tucked in and he wore that because of him. Tony had no idea this was all because of the new guy.
"Barnes look at me, dont listen just look at me you are-" Tony started panicked
"Yeah Pete now tell me what did I miss"
"Jeez Nat I am not a kid who needs people checking up on"
"What do you mean? do you think we are here to kill Tony? Is that what you are saying" Clint said
"No I just want to go home" Tony replied with his voice still hoarse. Steve was about to argue but Carol just nodded at Steve.
"You okay?" Tony asked as Steve just kept looking at him and smiling.
"You wont have to do that I would do that myself" They both went to the room.
"Yeah maybe I dont know. I just started to talk to Tony again and if this guy is his friend maybe I should be nice to him as well" Steve sighed. He knew he was being wrong about this. Maybe he was over exaggerating the whole thing.
"Cant,  Captain I have work to do right now" Tony replied he knew where this was going to go and Nat held his hand comforting him. If there was a fight he will go in full panic mode.
"Tony babe wake up Tony its me Steve.."
They were now laying down in each others arms. Tony had kept his head on Steve's chest and they just laid there quietly.
"But maybe its nothing like that the guy is here to help Wanda and we may be going a bit over board you know" Sam said to all of them. He wanted to be optimistic to this whole situation.
"Its okay birdbrain they are your family so they are mine as well" Tony smiles and Clint pulled him in a hug.
"Shut up shellhead and go to bed, I am not leaving till you sleep and baby spider wants to know that you slept or else he will hang on your ceiling to make sure"
"Tell my boyfriend I miss him"
"I just-" he was cut off by Tony
"Hey Steve it is okay calm down Tones will be fine okay?" Rhodey said putting his hand on Steve's shoulder.
"Yeah" Tony replied. They just stayed like that. Wishing they could remain in each others arms and not go back to reality. Tony stirred and Steve let him go. Tony just sat on the mattress and Steve did the same. They were both hesitant. Thats not how Steve wanted the date to end with Tony being uncomfortable.
"No problem Barnes and it seems fair after I blew up the last one"
"Okay pepper calm down, one minute you are throwing words and next minute you are hugging me. Are you okay? Am I about to be an uncle here because-"
"Tony do you want me to speak to Cap and tell him to back off?" Nat said.
The moment Steve opened his eyes he knew what had happened. He was so busy fighting the 2 robots that he did not notice the third one. It was just miscalculated he believed. The doctor has told him about his injuries, Nat and Sam were currently with him.
"Yes sure"
"We need to go to the hospital" Steve whispered moving his hand towards Tony. It made Tony flinch and Steve felt hurt. He knew all the process he had made with Tony just went away. He was about to drop his hand when Tony took it and Steve would have smiled if the situation wasnt this bad.
"Do you want something?, I sent everyone up to there rooms. Your friends were worried" Carol asked.
"What else would you ask me?" Steve replied lifting his eyebrow.
"Hey I-I will take the stairs yeah stairs. Good night" Steve said and was about to walk when Tony stopped him.
"No steve! Wake up please" he sobbed sitting there with him in his arms looking around seeing all the bodies.
"You should be resting Tony, how about we go upstairs and I cook you something? everyone will be waking up soon and they will probably go crazy if they dont find you in the hospital" Steve said.
"Looks new and shiny" Sam replied.
"Take care of your family" Tony just told him.
"I cooked some lasagne I hope you dont mind" Steve said. Steve remembered how much Tony loved Italian food and he loved his lasagne.
"Yeah, is everything alright? Is Wanda awake now?" Steve was not sure how Wanda will react maybe he babied her a lot but Carol was someone who he knew meant every word she said and Wanda was wrong using her powers.
"I like what they have done" Steve replied. He liked the setting and he knew he had to move forward.
In the evening everyone was sitting for the movie night. Stephen and Steve were not talking and were just having a staring contest. Tony came up and he looked tired. He sat beside Steve and laid his head on the couch.
"Laura just come back here and we will see yeah? tell the kids I have a great surprised planned for them"
"Woke up?" Tony was confused how long was he out. Before Nat could reply Steve stirred.
"Maybe we should consider you moving to stark mansion with her?"
"They are currently at a safe house Mr Barton as Ross turned to target your families as they were unprotected. Tony took care of it like everything else" Carol said
"Nice to meet you Steve" Tony said and laughed. Steve smiled at him. How much did he miss this laugh.
"Yup Pep just tired. How are you Happy doing? He taking good care of you?" Tony asked knowing how well Happy treated Pepper.
"What was Stephen doing down here with you both sitting on the floor?" Steve replied looking into Tony's eyes.
"You okay?" Tony asked Laura. She just gave him a sad smile and he understood.
"Better?" Steve asked and Tony nodded.
"If you need me I am just a message away you know I will be there" Stephen said and made his portal and went in with Wanda and Vision.
"Steve-Steve Boyfriend?" Tony could not stop laughing. Steve had lost hid mind what is this guy on about now Tony thought.
"Tony I am so sorry I havent been around after Ultron I went away to another planet and was rescued by Thor. He couldn't come back as he is in Asgard. I am so sorry I should be her-" Bruce was interrupted.
"Stephen do you have feelings for me?" Tony asked. He just wanted to be clear with Stephen because sometimes Tony could see something in Stephens eyes which wasnt just normal care. He wanted to know this because he did not wanted to hurt his friend.
"Yeah you need to do your mumbo jumbo I get it see ya" Tony said and left.
"The room has changed" Steve said as he went in.
"I know you dont know me properly and you are right to hate me but one day I hope you can forgive me. One day I can forgive myself for what I did to Tony. I did not know that it would cause so much damage. I am not asking you to like me. All I am asking is for you to forgive me and get along. Give me a chance. We will be going for work soon and I want you to be able to trust me in the field" Steve said.
"Dum-E I make you clean because you are the best at it and Butterfingers come here and help" Dum-E beeped happily and went to work. Tony looked over and the bot was creating a bigger mess.
"Lets go Spiderman you have had a long night how about you get some sleep?" Sam said stepping forward. Peter just nodded and went with Sam and Steve. "I will be there in a sec Kid" Tony replied and hugged Stephen. "Thank you Thank you, tiy do not know what you have done for me. How will i ever repay you?" Tony said as he moved out of his arms. "Well you keep that stupid smile on your face for like forever and that would repay the debt" Stephen replied. Tony just smiled at him. "Go check on the kid while I go check on Carol and Rhodey. Also I know what you are thinking we need to have a meeting" Strange said and walked off joining Nat who was on her way down.
"No Mr Stark, I mean it was quite long when Carol came up to get you and you guys werent down and I thought.." Peter babbled
"Can I get the other guy now Hulk?" Nat whispered and soon Banner was back. Steve covered him with a blanket.
They all had dinner quietly. Tony asked Peter about his patrol and that was it. Tony was upset that he could not help Barnes the way he wanted to. Steve wanted Bucky to stay with him. The mood was really tense. After dinner everyone slowly left. They were informed that bucky was leaving at 9 in the morning so everyone had to wake up early. Tony limped to his room and Steve followed him. He tucked Tony in and wished him good night. Tony knew Steve was hurting but Barnes was a sensitive topic between them and did not say anything. Tony thought maybe Steve hated him as he was the reason Barnes was leaving. Steve just went down to Bucky's room and sat outside.
"Nat no, please I cant..."
In the evening everyone was present at the dinner table. Steve was happy to see Tony there but his smiled died on his lips when he saw Stephen and Tony sitting together.Laura and Clint were still not there and Cooper was present at the table with Peter. He came and sat in front of Stephen.
"But-" Rhodey was cut off
"No one will take me away from you Tony. I promise the only way I am ever leaving you is if I die and to stay with you as long as I can I will probably fight death to, so how about we keep this in the past and move up to our bedroom you promised to put my mouth to good use" Steve replied with mischievous in his eyes and dragged Tony to their bedroom.
"Yeah I know cap. The other guy is aware and he is not happy about this but he would never hurt Nat or any civilian" Bruce replied. Steve just nodded he turned around to look at Tony who was discussing something with Barnes. Scott had left with Hank a week ago and Steve was happy for the guy. Clint and Laura wanted to go back to there house but they knew but they werent allowed to leave. He saw Bucky coming towards him and Tony was speaking to Sam and Nat.
"No nothing" Steve lied. Tony gave him the look and said nothing.
"Are they okay?" Wanda asked.
"Thank you Tony" Bucky smiled
"I was being unreasonable Tony and you are the perfect person to be in there. I mean I will be there if you want me to be there but I know you can handle Bucky fine on your own and if it comes to stopping the winter soldier you will put him down" Steve replied and Tony just stood there still shocked.
"Why? are you 2 together or something after Steve kicked you out of his life you fo-" It was cut off by a slap. Laura had slapped him.
"You are staying for dinner" Steve smiled
"Yeah there are some glitches in Friday and no matter what they keep coming back. It looks like someone is trying to mess with system and they are not able to get in" Tony explained.
Steve smiled and walked out of the lab. When he reached the common room everyone was gathered there. It felt like he never left and everything was the same. Pepper and Laura were bus talking. Nat, Carol and Bruce were helping Rhodey and Sam in the kitchen cooking. Peter and Cooper were setting the table with help of Lila. Barton and Happy were busy talking as well. Pepper looked at him and smiled. She was glowing Steve thought. "Is he coming up or should I go down and drag him out?" Pepper asked. Steve walked towards them and took a seat beside her "He is getting changed and will be up soon". Pepper just smiled and turned towards Laura continuing the conversation.
"What a way to welcome me Tony and I am not late look at the clock still 10 second to go" Strange replied
"Who plays AC/DC in the library?"
"I am sorry about earlier Steve" Tony said.
"Well, you are not a genius" Tony mumbled and Stephen just laughed. When they both got up to leave Steve stood there with a grim expression on his face. Tony felt so much better after speaking to Stephen. He felt like a bit of burden was gone. He went towards Steve and threw himself in his arms which Steve accepted. However, there was certainly tension in his body. Stephen just nodded and left.
"I dont understand she did not say anything"
"I may not like you Steve but my best friend still loves you for some reason and I do not want to upset him anymore. If I being nice you makes him happy I will do it. Consider this your chance you asked for" Carol replied. She knew how a week ago he was upset about the chat she had with Steve. If this brought happiness to Tony she would do it. She could see how much Steve cared for Tony. But she still had her doubts.
"Me and Rhodey will be staying the night here Tony" Carol informed Tony. They still had there floor here.
"I have to go Cap" Tony was back to being professional. This was it Steve thought their Goodbye.
"No I dont want to be there" Steve interrupted him. He trusted Tony and he knew Tony could protect himself. Tony just stood there shocked. Steve had almost fought him because he wanted to be there and now he is saying no what is wrong with this guy.
"We will be there tomorrow Tony, Good night"
"Lets go in the common room, I am sure everyone is there" Steve said and Tony just smiled. Steve knew Tony was still thinking about his nightmare but he knew taking him to the common room will help.
"Nope, I need to speak to him. Also, I know it has been a long morning why dont everyone go to there rooms and relax we will meet in the evening and have a movie night?" Tony said. Rhodey guided him to Peters room. While everyone went to there rooms. Steve went and sat beside Sam for a bit but Tony had told them that it would take more than 2 days for Bucky to wake up. He went to gym instead to flush all the anger out. He was angry at everything.
"No Tony I wanted to be there because I did not want the soldier to hurt you" Steve replied. Tony just nodded. This changed everything Tony thought Steve did not trust him with Bucky that is why he was arguing but he wanted to protect him. The thought provided Tony with warmth.
"Yous staying the night?" Tony asked.
"Well we can send you the video" Nat had argued back. Tony just stood leaning between Steve and Rhodey. Steve had tightened his grip around Tony but making sure it did not hurt him.
"Peter its not something seri-" Tony was cut off as Peter stood in front of Steve.
Neither of them said anything and head to bed. Tony knew tomorrow will be big Steve was coming back and he had to stay away that is why he agreed to stay in the mansion. The less he will see him the less it will hurt. Why did he still love him he did not know. But he knew he had to stay away.
"I mean we were thinking-" Sam was cut off by Bucky
"I really loved how you decorated this whole place" Tony said.
"Well I had a good day yesterday I told Steve we will be friends as we have the team to run. However, I had a panic attack because Steve touched me well almost touched my face. I dont know some days I want to be like how we use to be but it is hard"
"I know Tony but I know tomorrow is the day.." Tony interrupted "I know he is coming back and so are the others, are you okay? I know you havent seen Clint in a long time and last time was not pretty"
"How does it look?" Bucky asked.
"He will be okay" Rhodey whispered. Steve just squeezed his shoulder.
"So now as everything is taken care of your floors are the same as before, Scott and Bucky your floor is below Sam's floor. There are floors on which none of you are allowed on and do not have access to them. Friday will inform you if you are allowed to go on the floor or not. You guys need anything ask Friday. Friday introduce yourself" Tony said
"yeah sure" Tony said. They stayed quiet until they reached Tony's floor. Steve tucked Tony in.
Tony had shifted back in the tower and his sleeping pattern was monitored by Carol, Nat and Steve. They had Friday inform them whenever Tony was out of bed instead of sleeping. This earned Tony a call from Carol and Steve and Nat showing up on his floor. Some days Nat would stay over to make sure he was okay. When Pepper found out about Tony's heart attack she was angry at another level and Tony had to buy her a dozen of new shoes and flowers.
"Hows Wanda doing?" Steve asked.
"What happened Tony?" Nat asked
"I know I am just worried Tony. You are right I am sorry. Do you want me to help you to your floor" Steve said getting up.
"Oh he said he had met Stephen before and has something important to do" Tony looked her and guessing she was lying. He gave her the eye and she whispered.
"Thank you" Steve whispered.
"Everything cant be fixed Steve" Tony gave him a sad smile. "Lets go down the sun is out and I want some coffee" Steve just nodded and followed Tony.
"Just hold me Steve just hold me" Tony replied and Steve had just held him while they fell asleep under the stars.
"I-Buck he left. He left me and I-" Steve started to speak but he chocked up he just couldnt speak all he could see was Tony's defeated face and tears welled up in his eyes.
"Mind if I sit down I am still kinda limping here" Tony had said and Peter just nodded.
"It is in the closet kiddo, I just need a small bag just for the night. You wait here I will go get it done"
Tony just rolled his eyes "Be patient guys all in good time"
"Carol what happened?" Tony said getting out of bed and Steve understanding the situation pushed the avengers alarm.
"Sir you should probably take a break" Friday the worried A.I. said.
"But you should. Good night Tony" Steve said and turned to walk away. Tony stood there for a minute and just took a deep breath. He had to drive home and he had to be calm. When he reached the car he saw Lila was also asleep in the back seat.
"You alright Punk?" Bucky asked. Steve smiled at him he was worried about the Trial.
"I dont hate you Steve" Tony said looking in Steve's painful eyes. They were red and he knew Steve was hurting.
"Are you guys having a party or what?" Tony interrupted walking in. Obviously all eyes are suppose to be on him he is Tony Stark.
"No you were a victim as well Bucky and it took me time to understand that but its all in the past. It is not your fault"
"Dont your dare think this is your fault Barnes because its not okay? It is Ross's fault you were innocent. He did this for his gain so listen to me it is not your fault. You did your best" Tony said. He felt so bad that he couldn't even comfort the guy.
"Yup Cap"
Steve and Tony finally talk.
"No Tony you cant what if the winter soldier comes out that is too big of a risk" Steve said. Carol just offered her sarcastic smile.
"Mum?" Cooper voice came. Tony closed his eyes he did not want him to see this. Clint was ashamed as well the last thing he wanted was his son to see him like this.
"Steve baby please dont leave me, No No I cant be alone please no"
"The guy had to be introduced to AC/DC"
As soon as the lift opened to the ground floor Steve stood there. Steve saw Tony and took 2 step back and looked at everywhere except Tony's face. He did not want to hurt or upset Tony anymore.
"I know Barnes I know. I have let it go and so should you" Tony squeezed his shoulder. Bucky left and shortly Tony left with Peter. he dropped him at May's and went to attend his meeting or else Pepper would actually kill him. She was so moody these days.
Tony and Nat entered and everyone turned towards them. Steve saw how stressed both of them looked. Nat went to hug Bruce as soon as she entered. Something was really wrong Steve thought.
"I was just stressed about Ross. Bruce told you right?" Stephen just nodded. "They have taken matter into there hands and are not telling me anything more about Ross. I realised something Stephen, its time for me to let go the pass and move on you know. While I was dying I realised how much i still loved Steve and I might want him back" Tony whispered. Stephen smiled for Tony but he did not feel like smiling he wished he could tell Tony how much he liked him but he never wanted this friendship destroyed. Somehow Tony trusted him with his deepest secrets and he wanted this to stay the same.
"Mr Stark are you okay?" Peter was standing next to Tony and touching his arm.
"Thanks Cap" Tony replied and bless Friday he thought the lift opened and he went in.
"Think about it kid, I am not saying go right now but just think" Cooper nodded and sat back with Peter. Peter looked up to him and smiled.
"I will see you in the morning Stephen. Carol and Rhodey wanted me to go to the mansio-" Tony was interrupted as Friday announced that Laura had entered. Lila was standing with Laura while Nathan slept in her arm.
"Tony I want to ask you something?" Steve said. Tony just nodded.
Tony was on his way to the meeting with Ross. It was almost a week after Wanda left and his interaction with Bucky made him feel better. The feeling of letting all the hatred and anger go away felt nice. He felt light. His soul was not burdened anymore. The Winter Soldier killed his mama not Bucky. He always use to call her Mum in front of everyone because Howard did not like him calling here mama. She was gone and killed by one of the people in the house who did not even remember it and the ex love of his life knew all that and did not even bother to tell him. Did Steve actually thought that he was going to kill Bucky? Was he thought that about Tony.
"Good luck Dr Banner, Good luck Bucky" Peter said with a smile. He was upset that Tony was leaving him behind but now he had the responsibility to arrange a party. Maybe he should call Ms Potts and ask for her assisstance.
"I am sorry about your shirt I did not mean to-" Steve felt bad looking at the wet spot on Tony's shirt.
"I was about to ask you where was Banner"
"Give this little mister to me" He took him from her hands. "You lil mister whenever I tell you to call me by name you never do and what you trying to do kid give me a heart attack" he said while holding him.
"Well did it occur that I do not want to talk to you or see you?" Tony said he did want to take it back but it was already said.
The day of Bruce's and Barnes evaluation was approaching. They could not delete the video from bunker because Ross had made several copies. They had no choice and as much as Tony wanted to be involved they tried to keep him out of it. Tony being Tony hacked the cameras to see what they were doing and later he was allowed in the discussions as everyone knew it was no use. They were working with Bruce at the moment and next was Barnes turn.
Steve ran and ran. He did not know what time it was anymore but he just couldn't stop. He needed this to run to let the anger go. Anger he felt towards himself for hurting Tony. He has so strongly believed in protecting Bucky that he did not realise what he was losing. Tony could not even bear the touch of him anymore. His Tony who would touch him randomly by taking his hand while they were eating or just cuddling while watching a movie. Touching was Tony's thing he just could not keep his hands to himself and Steve never complained because he loved it. Now Tony could not even bear to be close to him. He wanted to get out of tower to let Tony be comfortable he realised whatever progress he had made went down the drain. He did not deserve Tony after what he did. He sighed. The thought of Tony not being in his life made his heart ache. If he could take it back he would but now it was too late. The panic in tony's eyes thats all he could see. He stopped and walked back towards the tower. He knew it was late and hopefully no one will be waiting for him. He would just go and cry himself to sleep without Tony being wrapped up in his arm.
"You protect yourself Tony no matter what" Steve whispered this in his ear and moved back. He knew what it meant, Bucky wont be there if the Soldier came out and he wanted to make sure Tony knew he wont hold anything against him.
"I love when you start acting up all shy after doing dirty babe" Tony laughed and Steve just buried his face in Tony's neck. Tony could feel Steve's arousal clearly as sitting in his lap it was pressed against his ass and this was not helping Tony's situation at all. He pulled back and stood up and Steve just stared confused.
"There was an explosion" Carol had said those words and the line was dead now, Tony just sat their shock for a minute "explosion" this was all he could hear. He didn't even know what to think what was the situation. A hand grabbed his hand and he jerked out of his thoughts he looked up and there was Steve. "St-eve there-" Tony started but he couldnt form words. Steve knew what had Carol said due to his super soldier hearing but Tony was panicking. "Breath baby, breath sweetheart" Steve cooed and took Tony's hand and kept it on his chest. "Just count my breaths yeah?" Steve said rubbing Tony's arm. Tony looked up and slowly he was back to normal.
"No no I mean yes Steve we can go out on a date" Tony answered.
Bucky set on the seat and Tony stood at a good distance. They could hear Ross on speaker.
"I was so scared Mr Stark" came Peters muffled voice.
"Its okay Birdbrain" Tony replied
"I do not like when people look in mind Ed so Fri took care of it, do you want me to stay or go down to the car?"
FRIDAY alerted them that there was a call coming from the mansion.
"I also made tiramisu for desert" Steve said and Tony smiled. They ate quietly just talking about general stuff. It felt like nothing was wrong and they were having a meal like they use to do but everything was different. Steve was different and so was he.
"First, call me Tony and second what are you doing here? I mean is everything okay?"
Steve was busy in the gym. He went through 5 bags and his hands were raw. He just couldn't stop it was all his fault and Tony had paid the price once again.
"Relax Nat I can be a friend. Soon we will be working in the field in a week or 2. I need to talk to him anyway"
"I would wait for you for the rest of my life Tony take as long as you want"
"Say something Tony" Steve begged, yeah thats all he could do.
"I will be staying the night and I would be happy to attend dinner Dr Banner"
"Yeah Cap" Tony said.
"Still I-you-I have hurt you enough"
"Pete here try your new suit" Tony said handing Peter his upgraded suit.
"Yeah, whatever but we have a team meeting tomorrow at 2 remember and I want everyone there no excuse" Tony replied and walked away.
"Okay Stark I will see you in a bit now I need to-"
"Always the artist"
"I came to take you upstairs, lets go mum" He held her hand and they went away. Everyone just stood there. Sam was just shaking his head like he was disappointed in everything. Bucky was just confused. Wanda seemed a bit shaken up. They all left quietly. Steve stood there he did not know why but looking at Tony carrying a kid and being so close to other kids made him jealous but he knew it was his own fault. He was pissed at Clint for saying shit about Tony but he just stood. Clint was ashamed.
"Well Steve told Sam and Nat, Nat told Carol and she told me" Rhodey replied.
When they entered the room everyone was already there. Pepper got up and hugged him first. Sam was smiling at Steve. Steve just moved away from Tony giving Pepper and hims pace. Next it was Clint and laura who hugged him. When he sat down on the sofa the kids had making drawings on his cast. Steve sat with Sam and Clint.
"We fought as well and look.."Steve said
Steve turned around. He could not believe that Tony was apologising for something it wasnt his fault it was all Steve's fault and Tony was saying sorry.
"No Tony wait. I would come and see you but did not want to disturb you and your boyfriend. I please listen to me I-" Steve was cut off by a laughter. Tony was laughing. Steve thought Tony found his misery amusing.
"Its 3 am, you want to sleep or you going to the lab" she asked hoping Tony would rest because tomorrow was a big day. He had to take care of Ross, move out for a few days and everyone was coming back.
"There wasn't a moment which went by and I didn't think of you. You were so far away yet you were in my dreams, in my thoughts. I really want this to work Tony and if you don't want me that is fine as well but give me a chance please" Steve said.
"They better have food Friday send them in"
"I am sorry for earlier Captain" Peter said.
"She is doing really well. Her abilities have improved and her control is getting better" Stephen replied.
"I knew it this would happen" Tony smiled he was happy for his friends.
"Wasting his time at Kamar Taj? Seriously you were the one wasting your time there instead of improving you made Wong's life hell"
"It was Steve's fault wasnt it. I knew he was bad news. I should have gone after him. He just ran out of the tower like a coward. Next time I see him maybe I will transport him to the Everest" Stephen said.
"Hi Tony"Bucky said
"But didnt you want to be there because you were scared what I would do to Barnes?" Tony asked unsure of the reply.
"I loved it spidey" Tony replied.
"Tony you need to let me in and tell me what did I do wrong. i thought everything was fine between us and now we are back to square one. Tell me what I did wrong so I could fix it. Please let me in" Steve whispered he did not want to fight Tony.
"Mr Stark everything will be fine dont you worry we all love you" Peter said.
"I need a shower a very cold one" Tony said and walked away quickly. Steve just smiled and went in his room he needed a long shower as well. Steve was all dressed and ready to go to bed when Tony knocked on his door.
"23111997 override"
"Relax Cap everything is okay"
"Tony I am so sorry. I swear I did not know the damage which would be caused by it. I cant look at the shield" Steve replied.
"I am fine Tony, Clint was being stupid and I hope he realises soon, but ste-"
"Stevie I know you are worried and honestly I am scared as well but me, Tony and Sam have been having these sessions to prepare myself. I am not sure if this would work but if it doesnt i want someone to stop the soldier and I know Tony would do it. He told me that he have asked them to allow you as well because the idiot thinks you are worried that he will hurt me. I told him no and that I want him to be there but he did not look convinced so talk to him?" Bucky replied and squeezed his shoulder. Steve just nodded.
"Steve look I am tired of hating, fighting and everything. The team is back because we need to be together. I may forgive you but I cannot forget what you have done to me. You may be right there may be some part of me that still loves you but I cannot be with you. Steve this is toxic right now whatever you are wanting. I cant be with someone I do not trust. You have hurt me enough for a life time. You talk about love Steve. But you do not destroy the people you love and you destroyed me. You use to be my home but now you are just the cause of my pain. I am not saying all this to hurt you but make you understand that whatever you are hoping for cannot happen. I have moved on with my life and you should too. I will be back in a day or 2. or probably not. You have hurt me Steve taken everything from me and I cant forget all that."
"Who is she and why is she here?" Wanda asked the question that was in everyones mind.
"Blackmail what are you talking about Mr Rogers?" The other council members shared a confused look.
"No No.."
"Why bother this time Steve if I did not come here you would have left without telling me. That is what you do nowadays seems like a trend. Give Tony hope and leave him as soon as he is better. I was such a fool hoping we could talk" Tony said and started to turn.
Strange was greeted by everyone and he saw Tony smiling at him. Beside Tony he could see Steve and his heart dropped but he knew he could never come in between them but it did not mean he could not annoy Steve and make him jealous. Strange went towards Tony and sat on the other side.
"Sir Ms Romaoff and Mrs Hogan is at the door"
"No I mean its great. I-Thank you Tony I dont know how to thank you for everything"
"Walk with me Coop" They went to the terrace.
"I dont care, why do you guys get to eat all these eggs and pancakes and I get this? I want pancakes as well" Tony replied.
"Yeah sure sure. Pete we can work on this later if you have to do something else you can"
"I think so" Tony replied.
"You guys did more than harm last time I checked" Carol replied. Tony hated this that everyone just kept fighting around him and ignoring him in the process he had a mouth and he could throw some good words but he just did not have the power too.
Before Tony could speak Peter came running.
"Thanks kiddo, is everyone ready?"
"Strange it wasnt his fault I freaked out and he helped me. You cant start transporting people to Everest because they piss you off. Trust me if I could do that the whole board of SI would be at Everest" Tony replied. Natasha was looking at him and Bruce just smiled.
Suddenly a lightning circle formed in the middle of the lounge and a guy walked in. He was wearing some sort of coat/cape Steve thought. The guy looked good. This was not good for Steve.
"I couldnt call you because I was ashamed of my action Tony and I thought you wouldn't want to take me back. The thought of you not wanting me-I just couldn't do it. Guess I was a coward for not staying and talking to you" Steve said.
"Are you okay?" Nat asked
"Fine laugh at my expense but I will make sure to tell Carol about that red head-"
"I swear to god I will send you all to some college or probably soak you motherboards" You and Dum-E stopped fighting for a second and started again. Dum-E looked at Tony and beeped his Claw
"I am giving them a chance except for Steve and Wanda. I dont like her if she is going to behave the way she does"
"You have to let this go. I will not ask you about shield ever again if you dont want me too but you have to try to stop hurting and move on because if we keep stuck on the same day we would never be able to build a future together" Tony continued and Steve just stared at him. Next thing Tony knows that Steve is kissing him and the kisses are so soft that Tony feels like he is high or he is drunk. Steve does not stop kissing him. He lifts Tony up in his lap without breaking the kiss. Steve has waited so long for this. The minute Tony about their future Steve lost it. Tony pulls back and their foreheads are touching. They are breathing hard and Tony is not sure what just happened.
"What happened?" Scott asked
"No take me to Peters room first" Tony had said.
"Just wanted to check on you"
"Jeez kids calm down we all will work but you guys be good and we do not talk about work at a party so shooo, how is my favourite little guy?" Tony said while making faces at Nathaniel. He on the other hand started blabbing and drooling at Tony.
"He had too much activity today and his back hurt so the medicine made him sleepy"
"You will be okay Tony" Carol whispered.
Tony was pissed. No that word did not even describe what Tony felt. Steve went into the field with no shield and was nearly knocked out. Thank god Tony saw at the correct moment and jumped in front of him knowing his suit could take the blast from that robot. If he didn't-no he did not even want to think what would have happened. Steve was currently on the hospital floor. Tony brought him in and stayed with him till Steve stirred. Tony stayed outside his room he did not want to see him because he knew he would say things in anger which he wont mean. Currently Nat and Sam were inside. Bruce was still calming down, Peter was sleeping in his room and Carol and Rhodey went home. He just stood outside and the doctor came out.
"Nat I juste realised one thing you know if places were switched. If it was Clint for you or Rhodey or Carol for me we would have done something similar. We would have protected them as well" Tony replied.
"You left me to die and now you want me not to die? what the hell Cap make up your mind. Well I have made up my mind you want my forgiveness you have it. No I dont love you and you can fuck off" Tony replied with an anger. This anger was buried in him deep inside and all the wounds were opening up.
"Hi Carol, I see you have made plans for me already and have started babysitting me. So are you going to Feed me as well and change my diaper"
"Yeah you must have done your mumbo jumbo on the clock" Strange's clock just went a hugged Tony
Tony was bored. He was glad that he had so many people who loved him but it was annoying how everyone was babysitting him. Whenever Steve came in he stood far away and observed him. Tony saw the sadness his eyes but they werent getting any time free. Steve had asked Friday if Tony was free.
"You said you had a meeting with Ross, everything good?" Nat asked what everyone wanted to ask.
Steve is being Stupid again but dont worry Tony will sort him out.
"Tony we all are happy if you are happy. We havent informed Pepper about you. You know how she gets. Do you think you can forget what happened in the past?" Nat asked
"Tony you know I am not speaking to him"
"I am winter Solder and you are my mission" The winter Soldier announced. Steve ran towards the door but it was locked. Tony and Steve looked at each other and Tony turned towards the soldier who was marching up to him.
"Tony I-"
"Tony can I speak to you in private" Steve said. He just wanted a minute alone with Tony. Carol kept staring at him like she will set him on fire and he knew he deserved t but all he wanted was to speak to Tony.
