Sam bent to assist her with the straps holding his legs, but noticed that his hands were trembling too much to be of any help. Luckily it didn't take long for the witch to untie him and he was free at last. Strangely disoriented, he didn't jump off the table right away, not until Rowena grabbed one of his hands to pull him towards the door.
. The thought electrified his body, sufficed to set it into motion on its own. He ran over a floor so smooth under his soles that it reminded him of marble. Keeping his balance at this speed without seeing anything took some getting used to, but the sheer energy pulsing through him kept him from stumbling.
Then his calves unexpectedly hit the forgotten backpacks behind them and their whole group lost its balance. Before Jack could fully process what was happening, still locked in a struggle to regain his footing on the trembling soil, Sam's arms were pulling him back upright. But Dean was no longer with them, suddenly running
The blanket suddenly became the symbol of everything he despised, of the way his chest burned even though it should have long stopped doing that. He'd really thought he was beyond this. His fingers buried deep into the offending flannel, crumpled it in his closed fist until he flung the blanket at the closest wall with a noise of revolt. He turned and moved to the cabinet in a straight line, not even bothering to turn on any kind of lighting. Darkness was more his style anyway.
The moment Chuck adorned the circle with a little triangle at its top, Jack realized what it all meant and jumped to his feet, no longer caring about any sounds that might draw unwanted attention. Still entirely invisible, even to his own eyes, he dashed towards his grandfather and pushed him away from the unfinished sigil.
"Ley?" he asked doubtfully, the beginnings of a headache forming in the front of his skull. "I'm not... is this about the farm?"
The clattering of a skull rolling over the wet stone tore Sam out of his haze. He'd accidentally kicked it with the tip of his boot, tripping in his exhaustion. He stopped, lifting his head up into the drizzle of rain from a non-sky in perpetual darkness. His lips parted, letting the raindrops run down over them, but it did nothing against the parched feeling in his throat. A hand touched his left shoulder, the uninjured one.
Sam deliberately withdrew his arm, let it sink down as the distance between them grew larger. "Keep going, Jack!
"We truly are the last ones then?" A wild grin ran over Rowena's face as she said it, her eyes desperately flicking back and forth between the three of them, something unhinged in her voice. "We are what is standing between this world and complete annihilation of everything in existence?"
"There is no need for that," Sam said. "They cannot follow, not a single one of them still has a vessel. God was very thorough in his eradication. In fact, you three must now be the only viable vessels left in any of the planes. Not so viable of an option for a demon, of course." Sam brought a hand to his clavicle, patting the spot where his shirt was covering his tattoo, and smiled tiredly. "It had to prove useful sooner or later that I refused to be turned."
"Sometimes it's best to stick to the basics," she proclaimed with another one of those smirks that couldn't be more out of place in their current hopeless situation, yet somehow fit perfectly.
By all accounts, he and Dean should have learned to deal with that stinging, sickness-inducing guilt left behind by every new addition to a long line of sacrifices for their cause over the years, but the truth was, he never had. The memory of every single person they had lost along the way still managed to hollow him out. And yet, he'd been woefully unprepared for the biggest loss of all, just one day ago.
Sam hadn't been outside since before their venture into Hell, but according to Dean, the cold was extreme. They managed to find gloves, scarves, and warm jackets for each of them to wear, even if not quite the right size. Packing one backpack per person with some basic supplies seemed like the best thing to do under these circumstances, without a clue how far away from anything they were. Going through the drawers and cabinets, Sam discovered two flashlights, batteries, matches, and candles.
It happened a third time. The memory shifted, distorted. Against all odds, this man he had almost destroyed was no longer cold in rejection and anger, but warm and welcoming. The word was spoken again. His spark solidified. Nothingness could claim him no more.
When the snores increased in volume, Jack worried at first that it meant Roderick was waking, but then he noticed how much easier it suddenly became to balance on his toes. The emotions coursing through him must have sufficed to activate the remnants of his angel senses without even trying to. He still couldn't get the hang of it, the random circumstances that made them work while they refused to when he really tried.
She could finally see everyone's lies for what they were, nothing but propaganda, starting in the very highest of places. Nothing was holy, never had been. God had never loved any of them. The only thing worth fighting for were the few who could still find it in them to be
Roderick busied himself by lifting his backpack onto his lap to sift through its contents. Without looking at Jack, he said quietly, "Cub, whatever you do, stay away from that bloody throne. It changes you."
Everything came to a halt. The squirrel was frozen mid-movement, leaves no longer rustling under its feet. A bubble of dead silence surrounded him. The blades of grass near his shrub were no longer swaying in the wind, crystallized in a shard of time.
His mind finally caught up and supplied the image of Sam and Jack staring at him with a look in their eyes as if he'd just been shot. A gray sky filled with demons. And with meatsuits no longer being a thing, Sam couldn't even use the one angel blade he and Jack still had between them. Shit.
The realization that his improved eyesight stemmed from what he'd done, that this intrusion went far enough to change his senses, made him shudder. An angel. An actual, real-life
Castiel broadcast over angel radio, hoping that the sound of their native language might be of help to ground the angels in their first moments back in this new chance at life. For those who wouldn't be able to hear this, he followed up with a more general 'Remember who you are' that his true voice carved into the darkness.
"Shame, that. Sounds quite boring. Say about humanity what you will, but they always did know how to entertain."
Nothing happened. He had no idea at what part of the prayer he had started fucking crying again. Maybe he had never stopped. Maybe Naomi was long gone. This was insane. All of it was insane. He was losing it, obviously. Crying more tears in a single day than he had in his whole damn life and nothing of it made any sense whatsoever. All the stuff getting thrown at him, constantly, must have finally managed to break something.
Several seconds of silence ticked by until the tension drained from Dean's posture, though he still didn't say a single word, nothing that could have helped Castiel gauge how to continue from here. Bringing his hand closer to the blood-drenched skin, Castiel inclined his head in question. "Allow me?"
He owed them everything. He owed them the world. And he'd rather go down trying to save it than not having tried at all. He'd make them proud.
The reply stirred up a confusing mess of thoughts in his head. It should have been good news that everyone was
Sam gasped when the full implications of her words dawned on him. He felt like the floor was torn away beneath him.
"Okay." He could feel the puff of air against his neck as Jack breathed. "I wasn't very good in that fight, was I?"
Jack was helpless against the tears streaming down his face, couldn't tell if they had been caused by the blinding light or the feeling of a non-existent knife that had been rammed into his chest. He was thankful for the touch of Sam's hand against his shoulder, wasn't even sure if he'd be standing upright without it.
"I—I'm sorry, Sam!" Dean called back over their shoulder. "I can't explain right now. I need you to trust me,
"I'm saying that you never gave up on me." She brought enough distance between them that they could face each other again. He saw something in her eyes that hadn't been there before. A spark. "I'm saying that never giving up always used to be one of your best qualities. Now is not the time to acquire bad habits, don't you agree?"
He glanced at the unoccupied armchairs that would probably be hell to sleep in, and even worse to wake up in. The stairway leading up to the unheated bedrooms on the upper floor was visible at the other end of the room. Both options sucked, really. Time to make up a third then. He climbed the stairs, still convinced that someone this tired shouldn't even be standing.
. Still, Sam left some bank notes tugged under a vase on the desk in the study, just in case. If they didn't manage to revert things to normal, money wouldn't matter any longer anyway. And if they did, this family would at least get some sort of compensation.
Sam had the distinct impression there was something Dean wasn't telling him, but, if anything, that only confirmed his assumption that this was really Dean. There was no reason for secrets if this was a hallucination. Plus, he had a pretty good guess where Dean's sudden interest in the language of angels was rooted, so he didn't press it.
Not that a regular weapon would do him much good against demons, but it gave him the illusion of a situation he was familiar with. A hunt. That was something he could manage. The demons halted their advance abruptly, and Sam followed their gaze to see Rowena holding one of her palms out, like she did when casting a spell.
Reckless was something she'd been called with such regularity throughout her life that it seemed to be in time with the steady beat inside of her, demanding
He had interpreted the blinding flash that had taken it all away as final before, an end to something that wasn't meant to end yet.
The screech repeated itself, inhuman, primeval, high enough in pitch to hurt in his ears. It was answered by another from further away, sending shivers of dread over his skin when he realized these had to be multiple creatures, communicating with each other over a distance.
With a little nudge from Castiel, Dean finally found the spot that swallowed a rock instead of repelling it, threw a second one so that they could have certainty.
"No, I know that. The best ways to help don't end with me dead," Jack recited, remembering the way Dean had looked at him when he'd said those words last night. Jack's eyes now roamed over that same face, and it was still a surreal experience and a confusing tangle of emotions to be talking to someone else inhabiting Dean's body. Someone he was starting to appreciate in his own right.
His steps on the blanket of dried leaves sounded far too loud in his ears, but maybe that was just his growing tension. He navigated around the last few trees and bushes separating him from the light pointing skywards. The plant life in the area he entered was more thinly distributed until it freed up his view to the edge of the forest. Behind it lay the field he'd so desperately wanted to leave behind. The sight did nothing to soothe his nerves, summoning up memories he knew he couldn't handle.
Unbidden, the sickness-inducing memory of carrying far too many of the Purgatory souls ran through their head, his reflection in the mirror as they pushed against his abdomen from the inside.
Sam felt something shatter inside of him at the realization that this was what she'd been trying, that Hell's throne
And suddenly he was overflowing. It took only a slight tilt of Dean's head in affirmation, then Jack was rushing over to them, kneeling at Dean's other side, sinking into their hug as if he hadn't been pushed away roughly more than once.
Rowena kept chanting in futile attempts of support, entirely ignoring her own earlier words, but it was obvious the flames couldn't endure much longer.
this time. The shift in the atmosphere between them was tangible as Dean sucked in a breath before asking, "Realms like the Empty?" Sam's hand moved to the
music had never even crossed his mind. "No, I like music, but I don't know how to make it myself. I really only wanted to light the c—"
His captor took a step closer and leaned over him, held the blade under his chin. Face hovering directly over Sam's, black eyes bore into his. "Why would I? We don't need him, we got
The additional group of guards they had heard earlier appeared from around the corner, paying them no heed in their straight run towards the torture chamber. The second they were out of sight, Sam turned to beckon for Rowena to follow him, but she was already right behind him, close enough for him to feel her breath against his collarbone.
After a few moments of investigation, Chuck let the rock drop back to the ground and squinted at the oily rift instead. Another rock came flying out of it and Chuck turned his head sidewards, evading the projectile by a hair's breadth.
"It's a stupid game teenagers play to scare each other, pretending to talk to dead people," Dean said, finishing the
"Castiel," he said, looking back at Dean. "I'm an—" He swallowed. There was no script. They had torn it up years ago. "I'm an angel."
"Cas!" he yelled, but found that he couldn't hear a single sound in the Empty. His throat formed the shape of the name again, with the same result. Screw it. They didn't need words, never had.
Listening to this, the lump in his throat grew until fresh tears formed in his eyes, shed in sympathy for all that suffering she'd never deserved, and in rekindled guilt for what he'd been forced to do. The memory of that day clawed at his insides, and it was all he could do to pull her back in.
"Exactly," Roderick said, pointing a finger in agreement and getting up from the table to search the cabin's cupboards. "Wise words for a three-year-old." Jack heard a clink and the sloshing of liquid before Roderick sat back down at their table, holding a single small glass of a golden beverage.
Sam's eyes roamed until they met the next best thing that could qualify even remotely as a weapon. A candle holder. He hated being so underequipped, hated stepping into a fight without preparation, but it all stopped mattering the moment he heard a thud and the chink of a gold figurine falling to the ground.
Dean's breath hitch, feel the muscles in their shoulders tense and a swallow run down their throat like lead. For the first time, the link they shared made him uncomfortable. He wished Dean hadn't seen that image, didn't want them reminded of a divide between them that Castiel back then had been hopeless to bridge ever again.
Jack didn't dare to breathe. He bit his lip and dug his fingers deeper into the fabric of Sam's jacket.
A puff of air left Sam's mouth and he shook his head in disbelief, but didn't dwell on this miracle they had received so unexpectedly.
"Dean?" Sam asked quietly, in stark contrast to his panicked voice from just before, only a vague shadow of a memory now. Sam was looking directly into his eyes, apparently having spotted the exact moment awareness had returned to them. "Dean, are you... with me?" he repeated in that same soft tone, only the slightest tremor in his voice betraying him.
"Jack." Roderick deposited his flashlight on the table and stepped over to Jack, holding out a hand. "Give that to me."
For the first time in this fight, something other than blinding rage emerged in Jack's mind. Doubt. He had proven time and time again that physical combat wasn't his strong suit, not without his powers. But he still
"You're Jack. Human, not human, whatever. Still Jack. You've chosen your father. You can choose who you want to be, too. Isn't that what you've been doing all along?"
Distracted by too much sensation at once, it took him a while to notice that his right shoulder smarted, the beige fabric of his trenchcoat tainted with blood. Somehow his awareness of the pain in his wing must have carried over into this dreamscape. The high-roofed storage hall he was in appeared to be devoid of people. Wondering where Dean was, he began to move, the soles of his dress shoes clicking on the concrete floor.
Sam huffed out a breath at her words, then bent down towards the offering of water in her cupped hands. The angle for slurping it was awkward and it was gone much too fast, but just the fact that the moisture made his tongue no longer stick to the roof of his mouth was already a huge relief.
The remains of the wood plank that had once been a shelf board clattered to the ground around him and a hand pulled him upright, steadying him. Despite the chaos around them, Dean gave him a worried once-over. Jack nodded in reply to the silent question. While Dean was now holding an angel blade of his own, Jack tried to spot where his had fallen, but it was impossible to see anything in the mess of fighting bodies. For lack of any better alternative, he grabbed the nearby wooden chair and tried to keep the demons away from Dean long enough for him to cut a way through to Sam.
Jack barely registered the thump of two backpacks meeting the ground a small distance away, but a sudden touch to his shoulder made him almost jump out of his skin, with all of his senses overstimulated like this. He instantly knew who it was, though, sensed the same desperate reaching from the body behind him that was coming from his own. The familiarity of the feeling made him ponder if Dean somehow carried traces of grace inside him as well.
Twigs crunching under the soles of Dean's shoes, Castiel ran further into the darkness of the woods. After a long dash in a straight line, he reached an impenetrable section of underbrush, thorny coils posing a threat to Dean's clothing and skin. He exhaled shakily and stopped, unsure where to go from here, which direction Jack would have chosen.
"Wait, I've seen you before! You were there when we arrived in the other universe." The walls around them started to blur at that and Castiel felt a rush of panic. "You and this younger fellow," Dean kept talking, oblivious to the changes in their environment. "But you never exchanged a word with us, we only ever talked to the other... us." Dean ran a hand through his hair, frowning in remembrance, then tensing up. "They said
Dean's gaze darkened. "What did you do to him?! Don't you think he has gone through enough? He doesn't deserve any of the crap you've put him through!"
"I... I'm afraid I can't. The Tree of Life isn't a power source to the dead. Samuel, of course, doesn't have this problem, but healing is far beyond anything I have taught him so far. Realigning every atom in a living body is a delicate process and even the smallest mistake can have devastating consequences."
to leave. Selfish, foolish decision that it was, she wanted to feel that warmth, bask in it, pretending to be more than she was. Alive.
Castiel thought of Balthazar, of the moment he had ended his friend's life in the most cowardly way, with a blade from behind.
"I've told you my name, but you never told me yours," Jack said, trying to make it sound more casual than it was. The long break before an answer finally came indicated that the man considered this question anything but casual.
"We should really get her a new phone one of these days," he joked, pushing the possibility of Hell being as empty as the streets of Lebanon and as every other city in the world to a small space somewhere in the back of his mind. "Or a landline to Hell, I guess."
he thought, not for the first time, pouring everything he still had into that one name as if he could make him appear by sheer willpower. He didn't dare open his eyes, because that would make it real, would prove to him that he could no longer do this.
"Oh, don't pretend you're suddenly a mechanic, Dean! You couldn't change that flat tire any better than I could. That's what got us into this mess in the first place!"
"And the demons. Maybe the angels, too. And one squirrel and one hawk, but I think the hawk killed the squirrel."
be killed, Sam," Rowena whispered and turned for the shortest moment to give him a look filled with both fear and determination before focusing back on the cave entrance. "They were locked away in the deepest part of Hell for a reason. Lucifer feared them.
Sleep was a confusing affair. It took some time to remember where one was, who one was, what had been the last thoughts on one's mind before giving in to oblivion and the subconscious. It came far too close to
Jack wondered if the squirrel that his grandfather had created out of nowhere had somehow survived the hawk attack. But even if that was the case, why would it be prone to violence? It was a squirrel.
He saw the memory of Castiel at the door to Jack's room in the bunker, shoulders tense in their shared worry over Dean.
"There's no good or evil," Sam reiterated, just in case he hadn't made his point clear. "There's just us."
There wasn't much he had left to lose, but the laughter died in his throat when the one thing he still feared happened. Several of the black wisps withdrew from the mass of the gathered storm around him and trailed after Jack instead.
The point of contact where Jack was touching Sam's arm lit up at Jack's whispered words, glowing in the orange of the flames surrounding them. He saw Dean's eyes widen at that. Jack shivered as he physically felt a small amount of his energy get drained away. During the next repetition of the spell, Jack shook off whatever hesitance had been holding him back. He yelled out the word together with Sam, heard Dean do the same, three voices merging into one with Rowena's as a counterpoint to it all.
Dean frantically rummaged through the bag, then tossed it back down in frustration. "There's only one piece! I can't help you draw this shit!"
Only once he was finished, he returned to his senses from something that had been almost an out-of-body experience. Rowena was giving him a strange look, lifting her hand to the freshly healed parts of her face.
Hastily grabbing the cylinder out of Castiel's hold, as if he'd been worried Castiel would change his mind and not return it after all, Dean swallowed.
that Castiel had never meant to cause. It was highly unlikely he'd send another prayer. If only there was some sort of sign.
The pebble continued moving and Sam struggled not to miss any letters by blinking against the dull ache in his head.
She saw the value in humanity, now. Their short lifespan coupled with their ability to create new life, promising constant renewal instead of stagnancy so maddening they had actually forgotten their purpose somewhere along the way. The things they'd done in the name of the 'Will of God' in all its glorious purity...
The hunter was fighting alone without backup, hopelessly surrounded by creatures growling in rage. Castiel spotted the source of the metallic sound from before, a cylindrical device on the floor only just out of Dean's reach, no matter how desperately he stretched his arm. The vampires held Dean down to the ground, but a ripple went through their crowd as Dean sent some of them flying with a powerful kick. Despite the chaos of battle and moving bodies, Castiel saw Dean's eyes meet his, widening in surprise. A kick to Dean's prone form cut their eye contact short.
Jack gasped at the sudden realization. "Feathers... you've said that before. Feathers is... it's what you call
of it. Windows existed—quite possibly constructed with the sole motivation in mind to taunt the cells' occupants with the closeness of light, hidden just behind bars shaped in ancient Enochian warding symbols. Barely out of reach, telling you the light persisted, you just weren't a part of it any longer.
This chapter might not exist without you, and the constant exchange and support while writing was a bigger help to me than I can ever say.
I really have no idea if I think I'm funny (I'm adorable), or if this whole thing is just utterly ridiculous. Or maybe this is just the way every three-way telepathy epiphany trip to the Empty with only one body is, I don't know. My deepest thanks to
This damned fool of a nephilim who didn't even know how to use a match was going to get himself killed, trying to protect Dean and—and him. That thought still didn't sit right, refused to fit into his head. In all his years, nobody—not a soul—had ever tried to
They were all breathing heavily and exchanged quick glances. Now that the immediate danger had passed, the pain between Jack's ribs returned with a vengeance and he pressed a hand against his stomach. Some of the demons were still trying to reach them and growled in rage as they rebounded off the invisible barrier that confined them, but they fell quiet when a deep voice spoke from beyond the trap, outside in the hallway.
And what was seeing their family happy and carefree and together, no longer burdened by the weight of the whole universe collapsing around them, if not his deepest wish? So the most likely explanation for this all was a dream, or a hallucination. Maybe he would see the people they had lost walk into the room any moment. He swallowed, tightening his grip on the blade enough to feel the hilt sting against his palm, grounding him.
Sam recoiled, pulled at his bonds with hands wet in his own blood. "You're lying," he croaked out, his voice thin under his tears.
"Yeah," Sam agreed quietly, not mentioning how the phones were probably the least of the problems currently on their plate. Sam couldn't spot anything else of interest and the stuffy, dark room gave him a vague feeling of discomfort he couldn't quite pinpoint, so he turned to leave. Sparse as the daylight was, it was still good to be back outside, even with the breeze biting into his face.
Castiel flinched, hastily pulled his grace back and withdrew into himself, away from everyone, away from Dean. Before he was able to set up walls to hide behind, Dean's soul reached out on its own, re-established the connection Castiel had dropped in his instinctual fight-or-flight response to the overwhelming shame and guilt. Dean's body became theirs again, the offering of a blank canvas to express himself on. He closed their eyes, huffed out a shaky exhale before he was able to face the truthful accusation.
Disoriented, Castiel realized that he had full access to Dean's soul now—no walls, no other presence between them. He grasped the power that was offered, even found it reinforced by the touch of something foreign that came from the corner Crowley had withdrawn to, taking up as little space as possible.
"I'm..." Rowena's shoulders sank in a sigh and she suddenly sounded tired. "I'm honestly not sure. The source I draw my power from has shifted now that I am no longer alive. All of this is new territory for me as well. The afterlife doesn't exactly come with a
. Big mistake. And he's never been almighty or we'd have done what he wanted us to long ago. He isn't even all-knowing or he wouldn't have that dumb look on his face every time we make our own choices. He's nothing but a fucking liar."
Backpacks resting near them on the ground, they all crouched down around the board and didn't have to wait long to see the closest one of the pebbles from earlier get shoved towards it, settling onto the
"I know." Jack buried his face against Dean's shoulder, felt fingers running through his hair. It was the most soothing sensation he could imagine. "I know, Jack. I forgive you."
"Not long ago and healing these wounds would have been nothing but a minor inconvenience for me, easily fixed in a matter of minutes. I wish I was still..." She cut herself off. Not saying another word, she actually reached for the angel blade and used it to cut off the lowest part of her ankle-length dress. Sam lifted an eyebrow.
Jack struggled to remain still under the treacherous flare of hope somewhere in his chest. It was at odds with the goosebumps forming on his arms, caused by the smile crawling over his grandfather's face.
The warmth spread between them again, appreciation of the unknown slowly turning into something more familiar.
for his own good, what did that say about him? If time spent with him was abhorrent enough to leave without so much as a single word of goodbye, what was he supposed to
"Liar," she said and the hint of a smile flitted over a face darkened by bruises and smeared mascara.
This time, Castiel couldn't quell the reflex before his hand had already shot upwards. Gasping in shock, Dean evaded with a step backwards. Something in Castiel's chest stung at the show of distrust.
"For the first time in hundreds of years, I wanted to actually change something for the better. I've doomed my
"Bollocks!" he muttered, and let his eyes flash red just for the Hell of it before his head sank back to the ground.
They returned to the porch together, Jack holding up the lantern while Dean hauled Sam to the sofa in the living room. He knew that once he sat down, he would be far too exhausted to get up again, so he didn't risk it, no matter how inviting the cushions looked in that moment.
The storm behind Rowena's words ebbed away and she just stared at him in silence for several long moments before she repeated solemnly, "Together."
More tears forced their way to the surface when Jack realized that, whoever the person on the other end of the line might be, it wasn't one of his fathers. The accent didn't sound like anyone he knew, but he'd heard similar ones before, maybe in one of the movies the Winchesters had shown him.
No matter how insignificant, for once something that he tried had worked. Jack felt a smile form on his face in this fleeting, tiny moment of happiness. He met Roderick's eyes over the candle as both of them sat down in the chairs on opposite sides of the table. There it was again, this barely-there smile that the demon always tried to hide as if he was ashamed of it, for a reason Jack couldn't figure out. Why would anyone be ashamed of smiling?
Roderick lifted his own blade for an attack and Jack moved to parry, but then he took an unannounced fist to his cheek from the other side that caused him to stumble backwards. His feet slipped on the wilted leaves, whirling several of them up into the air in the scuffle. A predatory smile ran over Dean's face at the sight and something primal flared up in the red of those eyes, darkening them to the shade of blood.
The question had been directed at Dean. Sam took a single step, positioning himself in between them, his voice soft. "Rowena."
"Please tell me this mysterious cabin in the woods you found by mere happenstance isn't much farther away."
in him that it had inspired her to completely upturn the concept of Hell itself. This would be nothing like before.
Dean went still. Castiel could pinpoint the exact moment Dean decided to ignore the question, tensing up his shoulders before he let the hand drop from his face.
The thought reverberated through his mind and Dean shivered. He had never been happier to hear his own name.
Letting the tips of his fingers glide over the dusty surface of some discarded boxes, he realized how much he'd
Hearing it out loud turned Sam's resolve into a brittle thing. He swallowed, nodded. There was a question burning on his mind, something he
Sam risked a glance over to Rowena and found her deeply absorbed into her own thoughts. Her body language talked even if she did not, shoulders and head hanging in dejection. That, too, matched his own feelings. He swallowed and averted his gaze.
He may not have deserved it, but he had gotten his moment of reprieve, somehow. And it had changed him, left a spark inside of him that refused to die. It remained even as the memories returned to torment him.
in its familiarity. For the fraction of a second, he had been tricked into presuming that this was him. The other Dean. The one that he'd been trying his hardest not to think about, lest he'd lose his mind in worry. There was nothing currently standing between that Dean and God, the all-father in all his capricious cruelty. With only Crowley at his side, Dean didn't stand a chance, and Castiel had to—he had to
Even with Dean's prowess as a hunter, there were just too many of them. Castiel knew a losing battle when he saw one. It probably shouldn't have surprised him that the dream he'd dived into was a nightmare, but the knowledge that not even this more lighthearted version of Dean was free of nightly torment still saddened him. A guttural scream echoed back from the walls. The sound of it cut Castiel like a knife.
it could be fixed. There was a twinge in his chest, a moment of doubt opening the black hole that would swallow him whole if he didn't keep it in check. He took a deep breath and pushed it back down, focusing on his steps that had been carrying him after Dean, Jack, and the demon on auto-pilot.
With a snap of Chuck's fingers, a hawk swooped from the sky and carried the squirrel away in strong claws.
A regretful smile ran over his face that Dean was almost sure wasn't his. He hoped Sam hadn't seen it.
He remembered that Sam had discovered this almost-phone in the barn, and more importantly, that there had been
He parked Baby in the bunker's garage with a fluid motion and they all jumped out of the car and started running down the stairs to the library as if they were following the same unspoken command. The last time Sam had used a portal spell wasn't long ago, so they all still remembered the location of Sam's ingredient boxes well enough to break into a coordinated flurry, gathering everything in the library.
With that surprising perceptiveness he had, Roderick must have picked up on the things Jack didn't say.
The sting of the frigid air against his cheeks reminded him again how none of them were dressed to be outside at night this time of year. The freaky angel grace trip had to have done something to his body temperature, though, because he wasn't nearly as cold as he should have been. Neither was Sam. Small blessings, he guessed.
"Three," Jack replied absent-mindedly, noticing that his tears had stopped flowing and the trembling had subsided. He wiped over his cheeks and sniffled quietly to free his nose.
"I forgive you, too." The lightness in his chest was new, something he hadn't ever experienced before. He needed a moment to realize what it was. Pure, unadulterated happiness, rising above the loss and the despair. And suddenly he understood.
The frown on his brother's face intensified. "Sleepwalking, Dean? Really? That hasn't happened since you were, what, fifteen?"
The tips of his fingers slid from her cheekbone to her chin and the skin mended under his touch, showing no more signs of ever having been mistreated. He reached the silky surface of her lips and the corner that was swollen returned to its regular shape.
Castiel almost laughed, feeling so much lighter than he ever had. This was a chance he hadn't expected to be given, a chance to actually fix what he had broken in foolish delusions, to restore instead of destroy. It was
Jack realized what he wanted was certainty. He longed for the truth, one way or the other, even if it could end up tearing him apart. Being suspended like this, unknowing, was even worse, slowly driving him insane. If only more of his grace was left, if he was still angel enough to receive prayers himself... the answering silence would rip out his heart then, but at least he'd
"Oh, please. Neither are you, darling, that much is clear. But that doesn't mean we can't work together."
Sam was certain that wasn't how Rowena viewed them anyway. He saw Dean tilt his head in a slight shrug, the corner of his mouth twitching in a way that said he didn't even entirely disagree.
Not even hearing Roderick's reply to that, Jack tried his hardest to concentrate despite the tension of the fight. He breathed in deeply, evenly, listening only to the beating of his own heart. He watched the movement of Dean's lips as they formed words that weren't his, rekindled the urge to free Dean's body of this intruder in one last gesture of respect and love. Then he found it, like a latch snapping open inside of him. Suddenly everything was louder, brighter, more acute.
He realized he was holding the quill in his hand so tightly that it was close to breaking and quickly set it back down on the table before following Dean. There was a scraping noise from the chair getting pushed back as Sam stood, but Jack had already crossed the small distance to Dean. He hesitated, staring at the hunter's back in a moment of uncertainty. Sam halted, watching silently from a few steps away. Jack reached out to touch Dean's arm.
An echo of the earlier agony surged up in his chest and he curled his fingers into fists in protectiveness he couldn't place anywhere else.
make it, though, they still didn't know what the Empty did to humans, or mostly-humans. And the last time he had been in the Empty, there had been no sign of an exit until Billie had actively pulled him out. He'd either end up dead or as a prisoner of an entity that hated him. But he couldn't afford that. Earth couldn't afford that. He had work to do.
I had been pondering for a while on whether I should publish this as a work-in-progress or not, but I've been struggling quite a bit with bouts of writer's doubt, since I've never before published anything in this fandom, and English isn't even my native language. Others have to be so much better and more experienced with all of this. So I wondered what the hell I even think I'm doing here, starting with something like
"All right, let's..." Inhaling deeply, Sam held up his palm in an attempt to restrain both Rowena and Dean while he was trying to focus. He set down his backpack to dig out the notepad and a pen, then held both out in offering, his fingers pressing down the paper so that it wouldn't move in the breeze. "Does this work? Can you use those to write?"
"What the..." Dean steadied himself against the wall with one hand, holding Jack with the other. Sam caught his balance at the edge of the table.
It was hard to hold anything back in this Vulcan mind merge thing. Dean let his relief spill over, but yanked sharply at his own fear.
Time itself seemed to slow down as Castiel's angelic perception connected the dots of the imminent catastrophe before it happened. He felt the rise of static energy in the air all through his celestial form while Dean rounded the car, passing the spot between the vehicle and the signpost that towered over the parking lot. He saw the lightning break through the clouds above and bolt down towards the sign.
By all accounts, Dean should be drinking himself into oblivion right now. But this, this was not it. Sam had never
The following chuckle made Sam's skin crawl and he tried to lift his head from the table, but found that he didn't even have enough strength for such a small action. His eyes were spilling over, so he closed them, listened to his captor in silence.
The only angel ever possessing Dean before had been Michael from the other universe. Even at first, when Michael had still allowed Dean to be in charge in the fight against Lucifer, it had felt like an invasion. Something foreign barely restrained, churning inside of him trying to break free, to gain control.
Finally, a spark of recognition seemed to shoot through the angel's form as he drew back from Castiel's sprawled out grace. Castiel let him go, was stranded in his desire to help with the simultaneous knowledge that he was the reason for all of this. The last seconds of Balthazar's life flashed up in his mind, made him hear every nuance in the words as if he was there again, forever burnt into an angelic memory that remembered far too many details for its own good.
It took a moment before Roderick's reply to that arrived, but Jack reasoned this news wasn't the easiest to process.
"I take that to mean you can't because... your powers aren't tied? To Earth? Okay then, what do you need me to do? Say yes? Is that it?"
The trail of fire continued straight into the cluster of demons at Sam's location and Jack noticed the room light up even more when the flames must have sprung over to Sam as well. The line connecting them all rose above their heads, growing outwards from each of them to create a more intricate pattern in the air that turned out to be a pentagram. Flaming symbols appeared at each side of it as if drawn with an invisible quill of fire.
him, who'd seen him at both his best and worst, who had touched something in his core in a way that nothing else in billions of years had managed.
"—'m starting to think that the Fifth Extinction was a mistake. Screw humans. You know, dinosaurs, they were poetic! They had
They all fell quiet, looking at each other in puzzlement. Nobody broke through the tense moment of silence until another, stronger tremble followed.
That stunned Sam into silence, and he closed his fist around the scarf and wrinkled up the cloth he'd arranged so meticulously just before. Then he licked his lips in a nervous gesture. "I... I don't feel vulnerable, though."
Oh no, you won't. Remember, I'm the lead singer here, you're just a background dancer! I was trying to be generous, to share the joy of creation with you, and this is what you give me? I will bury you so deep, you will never find your way back to the surface!"
A breathless moment ticked by and Jack saw the muscles in Dean's body tense in preparation for a jump. Every fiber of Jack's being demanded to swap places with the hunter. It should be him, not Dean, taking this risk. Jack had been to the Empty before, had escaped it before. He was part angelic, made to exist in that realm that wasn't meant for humans, that might as well evaporate any human who dared set foot into it for all they knew. It should be Jack. He was the reason Castiel had taken the deal in the first place, he was to blame for everything that had happened afterwards. Dean had already lost far too much because of him. It should be him.
"Exactly. And it would actually be trying to help us, by warning us about our... well, our untimely demise."
like to prepare for what lay ahead. Instead, he decided to drop the matter and realized too late that rolling his eyes may not have been the best of ideas.
"If you were, there'd be far more straightforward ways to do that. You could have crashed the car, but you chose not to," Dean kept talking at the display.
Sam, still kneeling near the letters in the dirt, could only watch both of them grow smaller in the distance. "Guys?" He raised a hand in a gesture of bafflement, not like anyone cared to see it, then sighed. "O-kay then. Rowena, is there anything else I should know before I follow them?"
"It... it does," Jack agreed. "Cas, he'd do anything for those he loved. I want to be like that, like him." The smile left him as fast as it had appeared, and he continued more pensively, "The others, they save lives. All I ever do is cause more problems."
Dean waited, but no reply came. Nonsensically, he lifted his arms. To do what, he didn't know. Not like there was anything he could touch. He sighed and let them sink down again.
Please. That was a signal for you to follow. Tell me you—" The man sighed dramatically. "You didn't pay attention to the direction. Of course you didn't. What did I expect from a three-year-old?"
She had been everything they had been fighting for all those years, everything that made the fight worth it. And now she was gone. Not just dead, happy in Heaven, but
because there was a gentle swirl in Dean's chest and suddenly he could breathe more easily. He dared to face Sam again.
He may have been unable to move physical matter without a vessel, but an electrostatic discharge was something he
"No. I'm fine." Jack hesitated. "What's wrong with Sam? Will he be okay? And Rowena? My memory... it doesn't seem to be working right." Jack sounded at the same time frustrated and entirely perplexed by this fact in a way that only someone who had never experienced a real hangover could.
"Maybe I'm not fine," he finally admitted, quiet words breaking through the calm. Sam saw from the corner of his eye that she gave him an indecipherable look at that, but he chose to keep his eyes on the darkened sky. "Maybe I'll never be again. I really don't know anymore."
Jack whirled around just in time to face three demons attacking him at once. He took a blow to the head and stumbled backwards, toppling over entirely when something crashed into his ribs. Physical pain was also different now, far more intense, knocking any coherent thought out of his mind. As he hit the floor, crowded by the demons hitting and kicking brutally, he pushed his palm upwards, acting purely on instinct. He expected his hand to release a wave of power, as if he was still the same. But he wasn't. No light appeared. His ribs flared with pain and his heartbeat was louder in his ears than anything else in the room.
Obviously not a friend of protracted silences, the man spoke again after Jack had made only a few steps towards his new destination.
White-hot rage overtook Jack faster than any thought could and carried him across the last few steps. His own walkie-talkie fell out of his grip somewhere along the way, dropped carelessly while his hand closed around the hilt of Sam's angel blade instead. With a snarl that sounded more like a wolf than a human being, Jack pushed Roderick against the tree. The eyes of the man in front of him widened in surprise.
He'd insisted that it was, though, in that way he had to hint at a deeper meaning behind his words, leaving things in the shrouded spaces between them instead of dragging them out into the light of day. She swallowed and looked down at her hands, laying flat on the jacket covering his chest. Utterly useless. No traces of her magic were left in her, after she had used the last reserves to help tear a hole into the wall separating the Empty and the Earth. What a complete insanity that decision had been, born from the desperation of a man who was now as lost as the one he'd meant to save, mingled with her own grief over her son.
Whatever Dean's reply to that may have been, he never got a chance to form the words in their head because the wall in front of them lashed out with tendrils of black that cut deep into the cowering being on the ground in an attempt to reclaim it. The demon twisted and turned and they didn't require sound to recognize his pain.
I had every intention of writing a normal chapter. You know, a regular, dramatic chapter, as one does. Then I made the mistake of allowing the characters to interact with each other, and it turned into this slowdance alien of a chapter that nobody saw coming (least of all I).
On second thought, he also grabbed the notepad and some pens he saw in the drawer, then carried all of it over to the kitchen table where Dean was preparing rations and water bottles. Jack returned from the upper floor with mouthwash, soap, and a thin blanket for each of them and placed them on the table next to the other supplies. Something seemed to bother the boy, frowning down at his hand resting against the blankets' soft flannel.
The awareness of the darkness lurking in the back of his mind never left him, a vague, unspecific reminder of all the things he
Horrified beyond measure, he couldn't hold back the thought when instead he should have been thanking Dean for trust offered blindly.
He sat up quickly on the floor and couldn't suppress a groan at whatever unholy feat this body's spine had just performed. His eyes perused the darkness of the cabin, confirming what he'd already known. He was alone. Well, mostly alone, with the exception of the soul he was holding inside the ruins of this body, however pleasing to look at that body may have been before it got shattered.
"Sam, I know I'm asking for a lot here, but I need you on board with this. This world is ending. We both know it is," Dean said, drawing his hand through the flashlight's cone in a gesture that encompassed the silent forest around them in its entirety. "Just like ours. But there's a chance we can stop it this time."
"Can we make it to the building?" Sam asked in their now broken shelter, his voice muffled by cloth.
With an ear-shattering crash, more ground broke away from the edges of the chasm where the crack-lines had grown outwards. Where Dean was. Jack found himself screaming—not words, but a burst of pure terror manifesting as sound. He no longer struggled against Sam's grip, watched numbly as Dean crouched down and then
"Uhm, okay," Sam said carefully, not quite sure what he was supposed to do with that. "Where would we find such a conduit in Hell?"
He frantically tried to break free of Sam's hold when a sudden eruption of flames near the oily fissure blinded him, new tremors shaking the ground. The seam was tearing in further, with small crack-lines running sidewards through the air, still black at first, but turning into a fiery orange further away from the spell's original impact point.
The ground trembled again and the flames flickered a lot more this time. Dean examined the room, a new tension in his voice. "Can you get us out?"
"Oh, come on, don't insult my intelligence. Of course I know who you are, what you are. You've told me yourself, all humans are gone. And how many three-year-old demons or angels do you know?"
"Realmatic... yeah, all right," Dean conceded. "So what you're saying is we can't just open a portal to get to the Empty like we can for Hell?"
Dean swallowed and blinked, feeling like his brother's words were closing an open wound that had been festering inside of him for far too long. He pulled his brother into an embrace. "Fudge," he whispered against Sam's shoulder, wiping over his eyes. His brother's hand on his back pulled him in, held him there for a few seconds, then gently patted his shoulder before they both leaned back.
Sam must have spent a while calling his name before reaching out to shake him. The touch to his left shoulder pulled sharply at something in his mind. Something enormous. Dean blinked once, twice. The phone clattered to the floor.
Something warm curling in his chest made him so disgusted with himself that he almost lost his grip another time.
Castiel was thankful for the fact that, no matter which other details differed, both Deans seemed to share their finely-tuned intuition.
Rowena reached out to touch the side of Jack's head in scrutiny, her eyes glazing over. Then she frowned and opened her mouth as if she was about to say something, but seemed to think better of it as Jack continued talking.
His spine snapped another time as he got to his feet, stepping over to the bed. The blanket lay there, twisted. He didn't much care for that feeling of bile rising in his chest. Why did this even surprise him anymore? He'd certainly lived long enough to recognize the pattern of people around him not appreciating his company for what it was. So this was nothing new, just more of the same old, stale song he'd listened to for all his life, until he'd been too sickened by it to listen any longer.
A fire was burning low in the fireplace in front of him, but still strong enough to spread some amount of warmth throughout the room. He sat up on the sofa, massaging his temples against the haze in his head. A blanket slid off his shoulders in the movement and he noticed a jacket draped over him that he recognized as Dean's. The sight of the bloody handprint on the fabric sent a chill through his body, bringing with it the memory of recent events.
Another look back reminded them that the distance between them and the corrupted part of the Empty was shrinking slowly now that they had stopped moving. This time it was Castiel who initiated a run.
"That is precisely what Samuel here and I have been discussing." Rowena took a sip from the glass standing in front of her. "This situation is very different because the Empty itself is different. It overlaps with the other planes. The best comparison I can give you is how the Veil exists in the same spaces as Earth does. And the Empty adds an entirely different layer to it all. This is why a regular portal could never work, we can't just add a gateway to the fabric of the respective planes, because here and there are the same, figuratively spoken."
Of course, that opportunity hadn't come without a cost. A cost that—his fingers slipped on the rock they had been gripping as a full-body shiver went through him, blacking out his sight for a moment. No, no, not that. Not
Sam gave him an odd look at that, and Dean's shoulders tensed when his brother didn't reply right away. It didn't exactly help matters that he could also feel the barely suppressed urgency of the being currently sharing his body and, apparently, his mind. He swallowed as doubt swirled through his stomach.
"Can't believe I'm doing this," Roderick muttered softly to himself before speaking more clearly again. "These." He held up the box. "Are
the way Dean scrambled for a reply to his brother's question, and thought the least he could do to alleviate this mess was take over their motoric controls until Dean's mind was less occupied. Each step over the parking lot's wet pavement became a conscious decision. They passed the demolished shell of the last car the brothers had used, the signpost still laying flat on top of it, denting the car roof deeply. Castiel headed for a different car further across the parking lot. A black one.
Seeing the latest additions had Dean quietly cursing "Sonofabitch" under his breath and he grabbed both his and Jack's backpacks before running after the nephilim who had by now crossed quite a distance into the field.
"So, who had such a strong dislike for tree-loving rodents that they wiped the entire squirrel population off the map?"
"Back! Get back!" Sam shouted through the deep rumbling that made the ground shake beneath Jack. A deep crack formed in the field, widening by the second. Rows of onion plants directly in front of them were breaking away for a plummet into nothingness. Even during a wild retreat backwards, Jack found himself unable to avert his eyes from the cataclysm.
Sam's even taller frame and the narrower cut of his suit jacket proved to be an obstacle, so he loosened his scarf instead to hold it in front of his face as a protective measure. Castiel wished desperately there was something he could do to help, but as had been the case far too often throughout his life, the situation was outside his control. He felt utterly powerless, especially without a vessel that would have allowed him to interact with the physical world in far more effective ways.
"Good enough for me," Sam said and returned to his bed. Now that this issue was out of the way, he fell asleep rather fast, judging by the soft snores coming from his direction after a few minutes.
Dean stared at the red sheen of the low-battery warning in the middle of the display as if it could offer him any answers. The phone's dim light did reveal
The afterimage of hellfire was still burnt into his retinae, so he had trouble distinguishing the demonic wisps of black smoke that trailed out of the orange cracks against the backdrop of the gray sky. Piercing, inhuman noises heralded their movement through the air.
He hadn't meant much with that reply, hadn't even thought about it deeply, and it ended up having a far stronger effect on Rowena than he'd intended. She hesitated, swallowing, her hands curling into fists.
The sensation of the weight of his hands resting on her back was new, sending warmth from his fingers through the thin fabric of her dress and straight into her skin. She didn't think she deserved that warmth. A part of her thought it best to leave, to spare him the effect that things in her general vicinity tended towards the catastrophic. The pressure of his arms was firm, though, holding her in place. She could have freed herself, disentangled the hold of his arms around her, had she made up her mind to actually do so. The truth was, she didn't
"Ah yes, yes, of course. I remember. I remember the little fact that I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU ACTUALLY KILLED ME!"
"Castiel," he whispered before even realizing it, surprised at hearing the name leave his lips. The shape of it felt strange now, after he had consciously avoided to say or even think it, fearing the abyss it would open. Instead, it felt like opening the door to the bunker, a permanent home he had never known growing up, but then found. He wasn't sure what he was expecting, knowing damn well what separated them couldn't just be crossed with a thought. There were so many things he could say, choking him from the back of his throat, but there was no point if Cas couldn't hear them in the Empty.
Jack was too confused to wonder what that last comment even meant, too many feelings warring with each other inside of him. He didn't want to allow hope to let him fall that low again, never wanted to return to that place of despair where he'd been entirely unable to function.
Jack was too far gone to regret the whimper leaving his lips as he scrambled towards the foot end of the bed, hurling himself at Dean. Arms welcomed him in an embrace that was safe, warm.
He missed the quiet conversations, the jokes, missed the way they could make an angel laugh. Cas just belonged now, and his absence left a void that felt wrong to its core. There was no telling where all the humans had disappeared to if their souls had not arrived in the afterlife, but they did know where Cas was.
. By now, the whole board was a mess from all the movement of the pebble through the dirt, the wind, and Sam's sleeve. Dean and Jack were both trying their best to keep the letters legible by re-scratching their shapes into the ground.
It was absurd, really, how their lives had changed in a way that made stepping into a portal to Hell something he didn't even have to hesitate about, something he was doing with a vague feeling of expectation and hope.
"As I was saying before we were so rudely interrupted, there's a faction of demons still clinging to concepts so ridiculously outdated that it's as sad as humanity's blind faith in a God that turned out to be not only uncaring, but outright hateful."
"You pathetic, little bitch! I will personally crush your soul beyond recognition and turn you into the—"
Dean didn't notice, fully focused on Sam's drawing, covering every new symbol as soon as it appeared with both the powder and the green substance. The thoughts in Jack's head became increasingly incoherent and he figured there was a joke somewhere in the fact that Sam had troubles in getting a lighter to work in Hell.
They ran, hunched over against the increasing precipitation and staggering wildly through the woods in defiance of any broken bones in Dean's body. The increasing wetness turned the fallen leaves into a treacherous surface and Jack slipped, approaching the ground face-first at an alarming speed. What saved him from the impact was a firm hand on his shoulder, restoring his balance just in time.
"I'm... sorry. About your mother. What business do you mean?" Jack asked, frowning at the speaker in confusion.
The fog of sleep was already pulling him under, mingling with a hazy warmth that came not only from the fireplace, but also from a burning hope he carried deep within himself against all odds, and from the affection in Jack's softly spoken words. "Good night, Dean." After a moment of silence, he heard Jack add, "And Sam. And Rowena, I guess? Does it make sense to wish someone without a body a good night?"
"I'll have you know that I take offense to that," she teased, not offended in the slightest. A strand of her hair stubbornly fell into her face and she flicked it back over her shoulder with a short head movement. "Under my rule, we had the finest wines and dishes in the palace."
The unexpected sounds drew the attention of both brothers immediately. After another foreboding look, Sam clicked the seatbelt open.
"Bold assumption, considering the fact that it's you who is making it," Rowena said loud enough to be heard outside. "Was it not your own deeds that brought us all here? Do your so-called followers even know the truth?"
instead of something short and sweet, like a sane person would have done? But not me. Of course not me. Sigh, typical.
The intensity of the warmth this simple word spread throughout their body took him entirely by surprise.
"Whoa whoa whoa," Dean called out, following him to the other room with both hands lifted up in the air placatingly. "Sam? It's me." Dean let that statement stand on its own, focusing him with an intense gaze, every trace of a smile now vanished.
"How are you feeling?" she asked in a voice quietly matching the muted atmosphere between them. Only once the words had already been spoken, she realized how the question could be interpreted, and she hurried to add, "Your body needs nourishment, but I'm not sure where to find any of that out here, far away from the palace."
The sparse light from the exit behind her outlined her form as she stood there in the middle of the cave, balancing on shoes that were barely functional without their heels, her clothing and hair clinging to her in wet disarray.
Dean looked up from his work with a grin. "It's not looting when we're the last people on Earth and need this stuff to save everyone else. Plus, this food would go bad without a fridge anyway. The way I see it, we're just supporting the whole 'Don't let food go to waste' movement."
Jack smiled and ate his sandwich, feeling warmer than he had ever since Dean's disappearence. With the tension slowly fading from his muscles, his stomach pleasantly full, he must have drifted to sleep without noticing because the next thing he knew was that he woke up and it was dark inside the cabin.
Deaf to anything but his own grief, a sudden touch to his cheek took him entirely by surprise. He flinched, eyes wide in shock, and saw a shade of red through the blur of his tears. His first thought was that blood must have splashed into his face and trickled down into his eyes. But the contact with his skin was still there, feather-soft, unlike anything else in the last hours.
Jack noticed only now how strikingly quiet the witch had been throughout the tremors, and how she avoided looking at either of them.
"I, for one, am not feeling any urges to batter my head against one of the windows repeatedly. How about you?" Sam asked and kept fidgeting with his scarf.
Castiel closed their eyes in concentration, gathered his grace, and then released a burst of energy, shaping the sound waves with the power of his will.
In hindsight, Jack wondered how he could ever have thought that the explosion in the Empty had turned him entirely human. Even without powers, it should have been so obvious. But the eternal struggle of his two halves had always been far too confusing to make out clearly what stemmed from which side. That line was blurrier now than it had ever been before.
The quiet voice meant to soothe, but the promise of relief, of freedom just redoubled his desolate sobs. What did freedom even still mean to him? Everything, he'd lost
"I... I think I understand why you didn't want to be king any longer. There's so many things you're not allowed to do as King of Hell, and you couldn't even keep your name. That must have been hard."
"Naomi?" he asked and waited tensely. "I'm not—not sure if you can hear me. Hell, I'm not even sure if you're still there at all. Chuck, he doesn't care about angels any more than he does about humans. He doesn't love anyone but himself. You know I'm right. If he hasn't already, he'll blast you out of existence along with everything else, without so much as a second thought. That's what he did in all the other universes. He said so himself, there was nothing left. He isn't going to spare Heaven, he never intended to. You were right back then, we're on the same side. Now it's us—anyone that's left—against him."
He couldn't have told who of them moved first. Maybe it was one of those rare moments where two minds melded into exactly the same split-second decision. The distance between them shrank and their lips met, just a gentle contact at first, skin gliding over skin. His eyes sought hers, checking for any sign of not wanting this. All he saw was that her tears of loss had morphed into something else, something warmer.
. The experience of loss could be a powerful connector, just as the will to defy expectations was. He'd always felt that he
"I've chosen more than one father." Dean hoped the darkness could still somehow cover that goofy smile on his face that appeared out of nowhere at Jack's words. "But I want—I
"I'm good. Wish we had our equipment." Dean looked around through the windshield and side windows, eyes narrowed warily. Listening. Hunting.
Dean lingered inside, his hands clinging to the steering wheel in a white-knuckled grasp. He frowned at the speakers, then shook his head. When Castiel watched him remove one of his hands from the steering wheel to touch the stereo's display instead, it felt like a breakthrough. "I don't think you're trying to kill us," the hunter said quietly to the car's interior.
Blind in the darkness, Dean fumbled as he searched through all of their pockets, identifying each item only by touch and taking much longer than he normally would have. The result was sobering. An undefined amount of small change that was good for absolutely zilch in a world without people. Half a pack of chewing gum. A paper he couldn't read in the dark, their lighter having disappeared to who-knew-where. Some sort of stupid little toy figure that pricked his finger with a sharp edge while he was trying to find out what it was. Keys to a car and home that were nowhere near them. Two angel blades, the smooth metal instantly recognizable under his fingers. His pistol. And two phones, one of which had run out of power by now, the other not far behind. No reception on either of them. Jack, as he did so often, had forgotten to bring his phone again.
"What do you want me to say, Sam?" he finally asked into the silence, defeated, the quietness of his voice matching his brother's. "I don't know, all right? I don't
Who on earth gave up invincibility for... what, even? She sighed, her hand pressed against the rough stone of the hallway as she peeked around the corner. The intersection was entirely abandoned. Like her common sense, apparently. There wasn't a single tangible thing that was her reward for all this. And yet...
The way the combat had moved them, Jack was now the one standing closest to Rowena. A thick line of fire moved from her to him, surrounding him in flames that seemed to rise from his own skin without burning him. He gasped and the chair fell from his grip as he watched the outline of his hands become engulfed in flames. The fiery line proceeded to stretch not only between the two of them, but advanced quickly from himself to Dean. The hunter's movements froze only for a brief moment in reaction to the appearance of the flames, then he continued his efforts to break through the demons to the spot where they had last seen Sam.
Then he heard a noise, a metallic clink of something falling to the floor in an adjacent room. He sped up his steps and when he identified the low grunts of fighting, changed into a full-out run. His trenchcoat billowing behind him, he arrived in a narrow hallway shrouded in shadows and silver glimpses of moonlight. That's where he found Dean, swarmed by a whole nest of vampires at the other end of the long passage.
"Just... just making sure, man." Dean's hands left the steering wheel for a second in a placative gesture before grabbing it tightly. "We just need... something, you know?"
He was still preparing to focus his true voice on the black mass that formed the wall when Dean's thoughts shredded his concentration.
"I... I did," the stranger conceded, swallowing with Dean's throat and facing the night outside the motel with a wave of longing so strong that Dean gasped. "But there's no time. I can't—"
The last thing Sam wanted right now was food, but Dean probably had a point that they needed to keep up their strength if they wanted to accomplish anything. Still, sitting in some random family's kitchen and taking their food was something Sam couldn't help but feel guilty about. He started eating reluctantly, glancing at Dean and Jack in between bites. "You said Rowena was with you, right? She's safe?"
"This doesn't exactly seem like a banshee's MO. Plus, banshees only prey on the vulnerable, which we are not." As if to put emphasis on those words, Sam nodded at his own statement.
I... am not sure if this chapter broke the scale of crazy. It certainly felt like it did during writing. As always, I'd love to hear your thoughts. Your comments give me the energy to keep writing.
was. The light grew into a larger cone after Jack ignited a lantern at the house wall. The sight of an ordinary porch was suddenly a thing to be amazed at. Dean dropped Sam in the old-fashioned rocking chair and was glad to find the door unlocked because he was far too tired to break it down.
anything. It had been maddening. At least until he had thought of this way to talk to Dean. And then their father had been the one to take the hit for them, opening a whole different set of wounds.
to come back from. A place Dean could reach. He'd get him back. He'd do everything. He'd do anything. It was a law of the frigging universe that
were the next letters that glowed to finish Castiel's message, just before the signpost in all its height, now charged with grace, attracted another lightning strike. Wood splintered and burst, and the whole thing came crashing down right onto the car they'd left parked next to it, denting in the vehicle's roof and squashing the miserable remnants of the windshield.
"It wasn't me who made the deal." Jack swallowed and looked down to the table, tracing the flame's flickering shadow with his eyes. Thunder roared outside. "It was Cas."
If he died, too, maybe he would get to meet Castiel again. But only if he was still angel enough to be taken to the Empty.
Sam leaped to his feet, turned his head to see Rowena's enemy doubled over in pain while covering his crotch with both hands. She caught up, grabbed Sam's arm and pulled him further down the corridor, into lines of doors lit by torches.
They dashed around a group of trees, Sam only slightly behind. Then they reached the source of the calls that weren't theirs.
—would send him reeling like this in a time when he was needed. But it hadn't even been a conscious decision, it had just happened before he had truly realized how close they had become.
he breathed out in a whisper, and a gentle purple and golden glow appeared between his hand and her face.
Rowena yelled, pushing both of her palms out in a line. With an incongruously pleasant smile, she adjusted her hair. Not a single sound from any of the demons could be heard any longer and that only made their own breathing appear even louder in the quiet of the room. Jack pressed his jaws against each other, too distracted by the attempt to suppress any pained noises to entirely follow the conversation.
"If you can somehow use my soul or my body to channel your mojo to heal Jack, then just... do it. Please. You have my permission."
behind his words, he'd never have done what he had. His father and brother, though, had never approved of Dean's decision-making process when it got like that, when he left logic behind on a hunt to function on intuition alone.
Jack stored this information as important, even though he had no idea yet what to do with it. If nothing else, this meant his counterpart probably wasn't just a regular human. And he certainly didn't talk like an angel either. So what was this mysterious man?
like there's a bottle hidden somewhere on my person?" Rowena rolled her eyes, nodding down to her form-fitting dress. "No, this is rainwater I collected from a hollow in the rock. I had nothing to carry it with, other than a shoe or my hands. I figured you'd appreciate it if I opted against the shoe."
"Least of all some lying dumbass telling you you ain't family," Dean was murmuring into the embrace. " 'm sorry, Jack. For... for everything. The Ma'lak Box, pointing a weapon at you, the shit I said, everything. I never should've..."
Inhaling deeply, he touched the fingers of his left hand to the bracelet he wore on his right wrist. He needed the calming effect of the smooth, rounded pearls there to remind himself that nothing was
He was trembling slightly in the cold and tears suddenly stung in his eyes, but he didn't even care anymore. Not like anyone was there to see them. He let them run freely and held Sam closer to his chest. Moving Jack any further was something he didn't want to risk, but he blindly felt his way through the mulch until his fingers found skin, and closed his hand around Jack's.
Castiel didn't seize control, but neither did he sink into the background. He shared Dean's voice as they called out repeatedly. Something sounded in the distance that he took for an echo at first. He pulled Sam to a stop near them, prevented him from yelling Jack's name again with a careful hand against his arm. The distant call sounded again.
At this revelation, Dean saw his own earlier thought process reflected on his brother's face, morphing from disbelief to doubt to stunned awe.
There was another one of those weird silences that made Jack feel like he'd said something wrong. When the voice returned, it was muttering the sentences more to itself than to Jack, even though the man must still have chosen to push the button to transmit all of it.
Resigned to the fact that there could be no reprieve for him, not ever, he fell into the next memory.
it, only to bloody die on him. Rude, that's what it was! The way the broken bones crunched with every movement was kind of distasteful, but he'd seen worse, done worse, in Hell. Still, held together by nothing but demonic essence, this body had given a friendly wave to its expiration date a while ago. Probably somewhere around the first ten metres of climbing. Maybe before.
