"Oh, sorry! My hand slipped!"
"Leave Steve out of this", Tony yelled. Another punch, this time it hit him in the stomach and Tony felt his legs giving out. Shit, it hurt!
“God no, please”, Tony whimpered, “I hate hospitals.”
On the campus he saw Steve and Peggy from the distance and let out a small sigh. Peggy was really nice but he still had this stupid little crush on Steve.
He would love to get to know Steve better but after he had just spent half an hour of his life on listening to him talking about cute girls he was a little discouraged.
Yes, right. He still felt guilty because Steve took care of him instead of celebrating the victory with his friends after the game. And when the others asked him, if he would come, he had agreed.
Maybe he should miss his first class to drop his stuff off at the dorm, but it wasn't that good to miss his first class at college ever. So instead he threw his duffle bag containing his football stuff over his shoulder, grabbed his suitcase and took off as soon as the bus stopped in front of the college. Thank God he had had a tour of campus a few weeks earlier.
Physics class was the first time in ages Tony could relax. Finally! He just wasn't made for this. Constantly interacting with others, trying to be nice... It was exhausting and the semester had just started. But the others seemed quite nice. He was still a little angry with Steve for breaking his glasses, but just watching him made up for it. But still- Steve was a guy, he was a guy and his parents expected of him to come home from college with a nice girlfriend. To be honest- he didn't need the education, he was already way more experienced than most of their teachers. But his butler had convinced his parents that a little social interaction would do no harm.
One couple was sitting next to a big tree and Tony overheard a few words.
As Steve ran past them, he gave Tony a wink and he blushed. He didn't really want Steve to see him like this.
“Mr. Stark, I’m Captain Rogers from the NYPD, here to ask you a few questions about the incident occurring on the evening of the 5th May”, he started.
Clint sighed.
She was wearing a very tight, very revealing cat costume. There wouldn't have been a big difference if she had just come naked.
As the alarm rang, telling them the pizza was ready, there was a small snap, the TV went dark and the lights went out.
"Did you plan on eating all of them, friend?" A big guy with a European accent asked. "Yeah..." Tony didn't want to explain his irregular eating habits so he nodded to his roommate.
Steve managed to pull him into a sitting position, avoiding the hurt shoulder at all costs. Tony’s form slumped against his torso and Steve had to wrap an arm around him to keep the smaller one from sliding to the floor again.
Nice, Dad! He did rarely see him and the last time they had actually exchanged more than a few words would have been kindergarten. So it was only natural his father didn't know about his sexuality.
"Tony? I forgot my key, could you please open up?"
“Uhm…better?”, Steve finally asked.
“My shoulder”, he whispered, “fuuuck.”
Together they made their way down to the car/ambulance parked in the tower’s garage right next to what Steve guessed were a dozen expensive sports cars. Tony was able to walk again but he still leaned onto Steve for support. Knowing that the other was sporting a fever Steve now clearly noticed the heat radiating from Tony’s form. With Steve’s help Dr. Banner set up the portable x-ray to take new images of the engineer’s shoulder.
"Well, thanks." Tony looked a little flustered.
"Guys, do you want to join us for an awesome cooking party?", Clint greeted them as soon as they entered the building.
“Don’t be. By then I should at least be able to use both arms again. Right?”
As soon as they were out of sight Tony slumped in his seat.
Natasha burst out in laughter.
As Tony didn't move instantly Steve unwrapped his scarf and gave it to him.
The guy climbed over a few seats and offered him his hand.
Thanks for all your nice comments and for the kudos!
In the end they settled for mousse au chocolate since tony had bought so much chocolate.
They finished their food and walked home afterwards since the weather was really nice, especially considering the fact that it was end of November.
Tony sent him an angry glare. "I was up early enough to take a shower."
"You stay right here. Can you sit up for me?"
The door opened and a person wearing white came in. Probably a doctor or a nurse. The guy was wearing glasses and a small smile. He seemed reasonably competent.
“Then…see you tomorrow”, he told the engineer, “and go get some rest.”
"Stop flirting captain and come on! Were having a final team meeting!" Someone shouted from the changing room.
But Steve just grinned at him and spun him around.
“I’ll call you. Skype you..”, Rhodey told him, “That’s the least I can do.”
So he simply nodded and followed Stark halfway through the lab (he couldn’t help to close his eyes every time Stark nearly stepped on something sharp, ugh, flip flops!) till they reached a work bench that was relatively clean. He could only see small metal parts and cables as well as a soldering iron.
"Even after you heard the whole message?"
"No wheelchair," Tony protested, "Steve can carry me... Steve is strong"
Wait no, he couldn’t be serious. Couldn’t he see that Tony was the one in pain? And he was sympathizing with thug-guy? That was low.
“Last night.”
Great.
When Steve had arrived in the tower, he had taken a short look at the mess that was Tony’s face and then, without any malicious attempt, he asked him, if he should help Tony shave. So now they were sitting in the bathroom, Tony at the edge of his tub, Steve kneeling in front of him.
"Leave the captain out of this!"
He was still a little worried. The last time he had passed out (hit in the head) he hadn't felt good for another two days. But maybe that had been because of the concussion.
"We will meet again, Stark", he told him and walked off.
"What's that?" He asked, jabbing a finger on Tony's paper and startling him.
"No, don't stop," Tony whispered, "I'm fine. Actually, more than fine!"
"Sounds good to me."
“Yes, Ma’am”, he answered.
"Yeah, I kinda fell asleep while working on my project", Tony admitted. It was better to tell Bruce the truth because he would work it out either way.
“Mr. Stark, you were shot a week ago. You can’t expect your body to heal in a few days. Patience is the key as well as taking proper care of yourself.”, Banner answered with a sigh, “If you ask me, you should have stayed in hospital a lot longer. Or at least stayed in bed.”
“Well, I’m 29 years old and a captain at the NYPD. I’m living with my roommate Bucky, who’s also my best friend, we’ve known each other since we were kids. We both joined the army after school, I actually had to bribe some officers, since I was, uhm, a bit sickly.”
-Really. I need to work. Need to finish a paper-
"Soup is ready!"
“Tony Stark…what about it? I never heard that name.”
It proved to be the right decision, through the workshop door he could see Tony sitting at one of the computers sipping from a cup. Judging from what he had consumed yesterday it was probably coffee. The engineer looked tired, his hair mussed and dark circles sitting under his eyes. He was wearing the same clothes as the day before.
“He seems pretty lonely and his PA left for the week, so I thought…ok, guess you caught me. He is cute and I wouldn’t mind to spend more time with him, get to know him better. Which is exactly what I’m doing tomorrow.”
"Tony? Tony!?"
"I'm in pre-med. I can tell you where your bones are, nothing more. Can you stand?"
The fresh air hit him square in the face and cleared the fog in his head up for a moment.
"I can take him, if that's okay," he asked the nurse.
"Watch your step, asshole!"
They saw how Tony sat up, rubbed his head, got up and, before someone could say anything, left.
The bell started chiming as he rounded the last corner to his classroom. He made it! Almost...
When the song ended they headed for the bar.
The others were waiting in front of the hospital. They had already called for a cab.
"Oh, Stark. You finally left your garbage bin of a flat", Hammer greeted him, "How is lover-boy doing? Alright, I forgot he has a girlfriend. Such a pity he doesn't like you."
On the corridor they met Bruce and Thor who were also on their way over to their respective morning classes. "So, do you guys would like lunch together?" Bruce asked. "Sure, sounds awesome!" Steve laughed, he jabbed Tony side.
He had shouted the last part and saw his friend flinch. Yes, Rhodey was aware of how much that meant to Tony and it wasn’t like he could do anything. Tony could se his friend exhale but then the soft expression in his eyes went away, replaced by something harder. Great, Tony knew what was about to come.
“For how long?”
“Well I would have loved to, but I have a company to run”, Tony snapped, having turned a bright crimson during the doctor’s lecture.
"So let's see", Hammer unlocked the screen and started rummaging though Tony's phone, "what was the name of your boyfriend again? Ah, there it is, Steve Rogers." He pressed a few buttons.
"This is Advil, I want you to take it for me. Can you do that?"
“Wait, have you seen his name?”
He was covered in big snowflakes when he finally reached the dorm.
“When?”
“Hi”, Tony greeted the others, then turned to Steve, “Stop worrying, I’m fine, Dr. Banner just told me I can take it off for a few hours each day. Really.”
"It's okay, I'm used to worse", he sighed.
But even though he would never want to admit that, Tony felt comfortable in Bruce's company.
"Soup will be ready in about 15 minutes. Try to stay awake!"
“Oh Tony, don’t ever scare me like that again”, his friend sighed, and helped him to sit up by pushing some button on the side of the bed. Having opened his eyes Tony could see the dark circles under Peppers eyes as well as several IVs and other kinds of cables running into his arms. Probably painkillers and fluids. His shoulder was bandaged, and the pain was dull.
He’d never actually been to any game nights since, as Howard said, board games were not suitable for a Stark. But Steve had invited him and maybe his roommate would be there as well (after hearing about the metal arm Tony so wanted to see that one in person) and, well, he just enjoyed spending time with Steve.
"After the game...!"
After eating half of the bowl, Tony decided he wasn't hungry anymore and Steve set the tray aside.
"I'm fine!" He got up and turned around to give Tony a reassuring smile. Somehow the other guy had hit his nose and blood was gushing out of it.
"So, where should we go?"
Steve sat down on his bed again. Maybe he should wait 'till Tony was out. But after a few minutes his bladder started protesting. He had to use the toilet. Now!
"Tony? Wait! ....   Oh, shit! I'm sorry, I really am!"
"So what are your plans for the holidays?" Bruce asked.
It was a book on archery.
“No, I love them. Everyone will love them. It’s just…they are so expensive!”, Steve answered, “You really didn’t have to!”
"Who was this guy and why did he beat you up?"
Steve nodded. "Thanks, I guess... You're a nice girl. But..."
Tony had spent the last hours on reading about football so he would understand what was going on. It turned out that hadn't been necessary. He spent the game with his eyes glued to Steve and his gorgeous body. It was even more gorgeous in action.
“Thank you for the amazing food and the great company”, the engineer told him as they were walking towards the elevator.
“That’s actually a really nice idea! You sure it won’t bother you? Or the rest?”, Steve asked, “Oh and also, he isn’t my boyfriend. I wish…”
Tony let out a small puff of air. Sure, Pepper was right, and he should be thankful for her helping to keep the company running smoothly. He just felt so useless right now. The painkiller kept fogging his mind, so he couldn’t think straight and without them it was even worse. But since working was the only thing that managed to distract him, painkillers were no option and he had stopped taking them. The drumming pain in his shoulder reminded him that he needed a new project – and fast.
Shit, did he oversleep? No, he had at least an hour before meeting up with Bruce. So, time to grab a shower, hopefully without meeting Steve.
-Wait, that's the name of your robot-
"Hardly a restaurant", Bruce muttered, "I don't want to know what I'm eating there..." Everyone started laughing.
"My friend, I dearly request your presence at this night in." (Thor)
"So, how was your second day?"
Steve started rubbing circles onto his back while talking to the engineer in a soft voice. Tony closed his eyes and sucking in a shuddering breath, then another.
He waved the gun towards thug-guy who gave out a small whimper.
Tony was in deep trouble, like, deeper that usually. He had only known the police officer for a week, met him two times (three if you counted their initial meeting, which Tony did not, he only counted meetings where he was conscious enough to flirt) and he already was crushing on this stranger he didn’t know anything about except that he was a police officer, an absolute pleasure to look at and kind. Well, he also knew that Rogers…Steve had a room mate and was good with his hands from what Tony observed while watching him work. His fingers were long as well as strong and his handshake had been firm but warm. Tony could still feel his finger tingling.
When they were walking over the snowy campus Steve asked again: "And you're really ok with me painting you?"
"Do you really think mixing 8 different flavours will taste good?" Steve asked suspiciously as Tony added another chocolate bar into the melting bath.
“Just leave them, I have cleaning personnel coming in the morning”, the engineer intervened, when Steve turned on the water to wash the plates.
“You know, I have the day off tomorrow and could come over again, if that would help.” Steve offered with a soft smile. He could see the billionaires face light up with excitement before Stark managed to hide the emotion behind his professional smile.
“No way, come on, just a bit?”
As he sneezed a second time Steve went full mother-hen-mode and shooed him inside.
“I know. Getting shot does that to you. But, you know, I have...stuff to do. Couldn’t stand the hospital. Was that all or do you need any more answers?”
When he allowed himself a short break he noticed that someone (most likely Bruce) had founded a WhatsApp group for them and the others had started planning a movie night for this evening.
His life, as Tony had decided, sucked big time now. He couldn’t sleep on his right side (which was his favourite) nor write down his notes, as he would have liked to. Showering was horrible and taking a bath out of question. Dressing himself even worse. He was wearing this weird sling that took him ages to put on in the morning with his upper arm strapped to his chest tightly. It even circled around his whole upper body so that he felt more like he was wearing a strait jacket than a bandage that was supposed to help him heal. The doctors even had told him that he should be thankful for the gun being of a small caliber and the guy not using only resulting in “little” damage.
He knew that he didn't sound convincing, but hopefully Bruce would leave him alone.
“Uhm, well, I was a bit soaked..”, Tony answered with a shy smile, his eyes fixed on the shiny arm. God, he’d love to take a closer look at that!
"So, I need to go, ugh, unpack my things", Steve told him.
"What do you want", Tony snapped and tried to get up. A sharp pain shot through his ankle. Great, he had just managed to sprain his ankle. There was no way he would be there on time.
Steve was engaged in a conversation with the others and didn't hear him.
"You can choose the movie!" (Steve)
“Don’t
The noise of the immersion blender woke Tony up again. He must have nodded off for a few minutes.
"Oh, thank God!"
Since Bucky and Clint both refused to play another round, they moved on to exploding kittens. Only then his shoulder decided to spoil his evening, hurting more by the second now. First, he tried to ignore it, but when he looked over at Steve he could see the other had noticed his discomfort as well.
Huh, that wasn’t to bad. Then he touched the actual injury, first slowly, then a bit harsher - and cried out in pain. He was taking back every single one of his previous thoughts, this was awful and hurt like hell. Horrified he noticed that his eyes were swimming with tears. Stark men did not cry, damn it.
“Alright Mr. Stark let’s have a look at your arm”, Banner told him, making his way over to the couch.
Somehow it was as if they had known that they would share their pizza. They had 6 for 6 people.
When Tony woke up the next morning it was due to an unpleasant ache in his shoulder. It wasn’t like he wasn’t used to it by now, but as it seemed the painkillers were wearing off. To be honest, he had slept longer and better by far compared to the last week and, in fact, even compared to the weeks before the accident. Maybe he actually had needed some rest.
"Clint Barton, I'm offense player."
"How are you holding up?"
“Second drawer on the left, get me one of the old band shirts.”
Unless… the guy from yesterday hadn’t been too bad. He seemed perfectly reasonable and Tony wouldn’t mind seeing him again. Knowing what to do, he googled the office phone number of the NYPD and pulled out his mobile.
“We didn’t manage to finish today so I said I’d help him some more tomorrow and his entire building-access is code controlled” Steve explained. He plucked his phone from Bucky’s fingers and smiled when he added Stark as a contact.
When Hammer finally left Tony wasn't able to stand anymore. His whole body hurt and he was shivering violently, every shiver sending up new waves of pain though his beaten body. He searched for his mobile phone in the snow next to him and finally found it. The screen was cracked and the battery was running low. Also there was a voice message sent to Steve on whatsapp. Shit!
“Never been better. How is you hand feeling?”
"You promised!" (Bruce)
The best about Christmas season was all the chocolate you could buy. Since Tony couldn't decide for one flavour he bought them all, even if Steve didn't like them there was still Clint. And Clint ate everything!
The apartment door was unlocked. Shit, Tony turned off the water really fast, Steve would probably want to shower and he hoped he could escape before he had to face his flatmate.
“A lot!”, Tony sighed and sat down, watching Steve going back to arranging everything for the night.
"I think Steve is the only one who hasn't noticed."
"No", he snapped, "I forgot my key, dumbass"
Steve had gone for the werewolf-look, which only looked like a huge puppy but no one dared to tell him, because a sad puppy Steve was even worse.
The redhead gave him a sharp nod and the elevator stopped. Steve followed her into some kind of private suite. Looking around Steve noticed the fantastic view through the glass panels that made up the wall. Stark sure knew how to live luxurious. He saw some couches in front of a giant TV as well as a very nicely equipped kitchen that looked like it had never been touched.
“Sir, as you might have noticed you are the one carrying a gun and I would advise you to put that one down.”
Over the course of the next half hour Banner cleaned the wound, telling Tony how lucky he was that it was just a minor infection. Then he showed Steve how to apply the bandages as well as the brace. He even looked at the small burn on Steve’s finger, applying a bit of salve and a new band aid.
“Then we’ll do that. Do you think you can walk? Let’s get you upstairs”
Realizing that Steve must have carried him here, Tony felt his face heating up. God, he was well and truly fucked.
"Oh... just a few equations for a project I'm working on."
Still leaning against the door he cried himself to sleep.
“I know...I’m sorry. But that was damn stupid! Why do you try to fight someone with a gun? Tony, you could have died! Gosh, you worried both Pepper and me. You’re too stubborn for your own good.”
Tony jumped to his feet and walked over to them with a bright smile. He was wearing only a tank top and flip flops. Steve cringed internally as he noticed his clothes, this was no proper safety equipment. The pushed-up safety goggles tangled in the brunette’s hair didn’t really make it any better. Well, at least his right arm was still stabilized by the brace and Steve could see white bandages peeking out underneath.
Tony opened one eye and a small smile spread on his face.
"Say ah!"
Which Tony always won in the classrooms, outsmarting Hammer.
is your brace? You still do have a broken shoulder, you shouldn’t be running around like this” Tony was hit by a full Steve Rogers frown.
Peggy and Thor had started building a giant snow wall.
The next day he wasn’t so sure of that anymore. Standing in front of the giant “Stark-Tower” he once again checked the invite they sent him, hoping the security guys would believe him. There were like five of them posted in front of the main entrance.
Deep in thoughts he had already crossed campus and was standing in front of his dorm. As every student he shared a small two-person flat together with another student. Those flats contained two bedrooms (really small), a small kitchen and a bathroom. He had already been assigned to a flat, number 93. He was paired up with a guy called Anthony. Maybe he would also like to join the football team Steve mused as he made his way through the flat. One of the doors was open and the room looked unused, so Steve decided that this would be his room. Also the other door was closed, only loud rock music blasted outside. He set down his luggage and made his way over to the other room. It would be nice to meet his roommate as soon as possible. Hopefully they would become good friends.
"No, of course not!"
He turned around. The other guy was a little smaller than him and had short blonde hair. Steve gave him a quick nod.
When Steve reached the dorm, he was greeted by Tony, who was sitting in front of their flat, eating crisps.
"You know I don't dance?"
"With you?" Tony stuttered, "I mean... wait, Steve!"
Wrong thing to say it turned out, because Steve didn't answer and went back to talking about football.
He looked so cute with the worried look on his face Tony started to laugh.
Ok, this wasn’t a situation Steve was used to dealing with. He felt his face heat up under Starks beaming smile. The engineer sure was a blunt person.
Since Steve had left after finishing his breakfast Tony decided that maybe it was his turn to go grocery shopping.
"Arts", Steve answered. If Tony was studying engineering he was probably really smart.
Banner turned to the monitor of the x-ray, then called them over to take a look and showed the images. Steve could only stare at the shape of what, 5?, nails that held together the bone. God, he could understand why that hurt. Somehow the doctor had managed to shut Stark up, so Tony just nodded and let Steve help him back upstairs.
He looked down. There was a guy on the floor, his books and many pages covered in mathematical equations scattered across the hallway.
“That would be amazing” Tony smiled, shaking his hand awkwardly with the left, then a look of determination crossed his face and he leaned forward, standing on his tiptoes and pressed a kiss to Steve’s cheek.
“Stop whining”, Steve answered, “I’ll be done in a minute.”
“Tony, I brought Captain Rogers, as you requested. I’ll be leaving now, but you can always call me if you need anything.”
"Of course! You're cute and all..." Steve's voice faded out and again they walked in silence.
Steve slid his arms under Tony's knees and behind his back.
"It would be an honor to share a table in the restaurant with you my friends", Thor exclaimed.
Christmas eve was the first day Tony was able to leave the bed for more than 20 minutes without nearly collapsing in the aftermath.
She then proceeded to shake the beanie a few times.
"No big deal", Tony answered.
"Steeeeeeve- I'm cold!" Tony whined and rested his head against Steve's shoulder.
With closing the distance between himself and the two guys he finally could see them in the dim light sponsored by a few lit windows. One of the guys was dressed in black clothes, wearing a ragged beard and looking somewhat scared about the gun pointed directly at him. The other was wearing a suit that looked like it cost more than Steve’s and Bucky’s combined monthly salary. He had dark hair that was styled back in some kind of disheveled look and flashed Steve a hundred-dollar smile.
And which Tony always lost in the hallways, when no teachers were around.
About half an hour later Steve got the call that Dr. Banner was on his way up. Only seconds later the elevator opened, revealing a short man with grey hair carrying a suitcase.
"No, it's fine!" She laughed. "I was just teasing! And I think Tony here needs your scarf more. You hardly see him outside. That just can't be good for your body."
"Me too", Steve answered, "my clothes fit you." He grinned.
--------------
Steve nodded. He didn’t really know what this was about but to be honest, he was curious too. Also seeing the other man wasn’t the worst that could have happened today.
Steve wrapped his jacket faster around Tony.
“That’s good to hear”, Steve answered taking the seat opposite of the engineer. Under Tony’s watchful eyes he went on to fill their plates. Taking the first bite, Tony downright moaned.
"Too much chocolate is impossible!" Clint exclaimed.
“Tony, I’m here with Captain Rogers from the NYPD”, Mrs. Potts called and Steve heard footsteps approaching.
A message from Tony! Let's see how he explained his absence.
"Sure, you can either make snowballs or throw them"; Peggy explained.
“Also I need your help as dear Pepper has told me she’d never ever help me in the lab again. There were a few accidents but I promise you everything is safe.”
Tony nodded. Best to say nothing.
"Uh, just had to take care of some business"; Tony answered.
And thank you for the wonderful comments! They make us incredibly happy^^
God, the police officer was something else, something way to good for Tony to even consider taking for himself. But what could he say, he was a selfish man and Steve didn’t seem to be opposed to the idea of spending some time with Tony. Maybe even more.
-Exactly. Now leave me alone, I've got work to do. Go out with Peggy-
"The soup from last time?" Tony asked and sat up, "I can try."
He hated himself so much right now, it had never been his intention to distract Steve from the game. Only thinking of the blood made his legs feel wobbly again. That was the bad thing about his phobia. Even if he tried to stay calm and focus on not fainting his body betrayed him.
Tony sighed and ended the call. Yes, maybe he was childish but had already lost too much of his precious time staying at the hospital. As the charming CEO he should probably throw a party, so people could see that he was still amazing and not bothered at all by getting injured, but truth was he didn’t want to be around people nor make money out of his misery. With Rhodey deployed and Pepper leaving soon, the list of people he could ask for help without them wanting profit or to gloat about Tony’s weakness was short. In numbers “zero”.
“It’s gonna be fine, Buck, already had the experience and he didn’t seem that bad”, Steve laughed.
The door opened.
"Ah, is the dessert ready?", Clint greeted them.
Tony paled visibly.
"But he's fine now. We're gonna warm him up in no time. The infusion takes about an hour, then you can take him home. He still needs constant supervision. I take you're his boyfriend?"
“So, how was Stark?”, Bucky asked him when he entered their office. He was playing with the fidget spinner again not seeming to eager to finish the paperwork office duty meant.
“Okay, okay”, Steve took out his handcuffs, crunching down next to ex-thug. The man offered him his hands without a question while still having his eyes fixed on the gun. As soon as he had the man in custody he heard a clatter and saw that the gun falling to the ground.
The radio unit started to hum with static again, then...
We hope you still continue reading!
"I'll just get my stuff!"
"Trouble in paradise?"
"So, what should we watch?"
"I know, but since I had some free time in my hands I decided to check out the field. Are you on the team?"
"Of course," Steve opened his drawer and pulled out a small bottle, "I'll go get you some water."
"So, what about Tony?"
He got up and turned around.
"Tony? You awake?"
"We don't know them and you already offer them food?" Tony exclaimed. He sighed, "Okay, come on, pizza is in the kitchen."
Friday at noon the first text arrived and at some point he had to turn his phone on silent not to be disturbed by the constant buzzing.
Stupid Steve, Asshole, Idiot!
“Put them on the kitchen table, we’ll first get you dry.” Steve told him and opened the door to a small but cozy looking apartment. They passed through the kitchen where Tony left the macaron bag on the table. In the bathroom Steve grabbed a towel and handed it to Tony.
"I do recall friend Anthony talking about his fear of blood." Thor explained.
"I'm visiting my parents!" Peggy exclaimed.
“A pleasure seeing you again, Captain”, she told him, “follow me, Mr. Stark is in his lab.”
“I’m Bucky, this punk’s roommate”, the shiny-metal-arm guy interrupted the discussion, saving Tony, “Man, that’s some shitty weather outside. ‘that why you’re wearing Stevie’s clothes? Steve, I thought you said no one ever gets to wear your favorite sweater!”
"I'll call a cab!" Clint said and proceeded to dig out his phone.
Steve gave him another nod.
“Tony, you alright?”, he asked worried. The engineer’s eyes snapped open again and he grabbed onto the sink to stabilize himself.
Was that someone singing? Wait... was that Tony singing???
Tony felt one of the guys going through his pockets finally pulling out the wanted device.
"So..", Tony started, "I kinda bought too much food, care for a pizza?"
Tony didn’t know what situation he had gotten himself into. Yes, he was aware that he was a billionaire and probably shouldn’t be walking around in the dark streets of Manhattan in the middle of the night. But due to some self defense training he figured he’d be alright. Hell, people had tried to rob him several times and he got out by either talking or kicking the gun out of their hand. His self defense instructor had been hesitant when he first asked him on ‘that kind of lessons’ but well, he simply refused to give his money to some punks who thought to earn it by simply pointing a gun at him.
"Not so sure 'bout that." Steve mumbled but continued stirring the melted chocolate. Finally the mousse was finished and it tasted only a little strange.
“Well you keep running your hand through your hair and sighing dramatically, so it’s kind of obvious you want to shower.”, Steve answered with a warm laugh, “let me help you with undressing and you can clean up.”
“Uh, yes, I could just use some more coffee. Want some too?” He got up and Steve couldn’t help but notice him sway. On a second glance he could see the engineer’s brows furrowed in pain. Thinking back, he hadn’t seen Tony take any painkillers and remembering his own bullet wound (which had just been a grazing shot) he should still be in a lot of pain.
Over the next hours Steve learned, that Tony was 36, had been CEO of Stark industries for 15 years after graduating from MIT with two doctorates at 21 and losing his parents in a car crash. His hobbies involved fixing stuff, coding stuff, building robots and drinking coffee. A few years after taking over Stark industries, he had turned the weapon manufacturer into one of the biggest tech-companies based on clean energy. Then they moved on to talking about movies, favorite places in New York, music and family. When Steve told Tony, that Bucky had a prosthetic arm, the engineer seemed super interested, pressing him to bring over his best friend some time, so he could have a look at the prothesis. While they were eating and talking the sun had went down and since they hadn’t bothered to turn on the lights, the only thing lighting the room were the twinkling lights of never-sleeping Manhattan. Noticing that Tony started yawning more and more by the minute, Steve decided that while he enjoyed the company, he should probably send the engineer to bed.
"I'm gonna go to the lab. Want to join me?"
Trembling fingers searched his pockets and finally pulled out his Stark phone. This was one of the moments Tony was actually thankful that laws had forced him to build phones with an emergency dial even if locked.
"To Shield College please," Natasha said.
Also the alcohol slowly started reaching his head and as Steve pushed him in another weird dance figure he must have invented himself he started laughing.
"Is there room for two?" Steve asked as they reached them.
He just hoped Tony wouldn't remember anything of this the next morning.
"I'm sorry..." Bruce answered, "I know how bad the situation must be for you."
Tony sighed and threw his phone into a corner. Then he decided it was best to turn it off, so he started searching for the phone. Which really wasn't easy, since his whole room was a mess, just like his life right now.
"Can't see any stars", Tony explained. Everyone looked at him in disbelief.
“I’ll show you how to treat everything”, Dr. Banner told him. “Do you have a bathroom where we can wash this wound?”
"You and I will be the best friends, Tony", Thor beamed and hit him on the shoulder. Which felt like a bulldozer running him over.
"We'll talk about this later, but first we have to get you to the hospital!"
“So, you’re finally awake, Mr. Stark. My name is Dr. Banner”, he introduced himself.
He felt a blush creep up his cheeks.
Tony exhaled, good, he could deal with telling Steve about Hammer.
"Ugh, I thought I would die of thermal shock if I had to stay inside any longer." Tony sighed.
“Yeah, no worries. It’s just that…no one ever just says ‘Okay’ to me”, Stark mumbled. Well, that was strange, but based on the engineer’s reaction Steve had done something right.
"Hey", Steve answered in a soft voice and tilted up Tony head with calloused fingers placed under his chin "Look at me. You are still pretty pale."
And as always- thanks for both comments and kudos :3
"How is your boyfriend doing? Oh wait, he isn't your boyfriend, since he doesn't like boys", Justin smirked. Tony felt the heat rushing to his face and before he could overthink it, he had kneed Hammer into his best parts. In an instant Hammer went down, clutching his stomach. Tony felt a small feeling of victory wash over him.
-When?-
“Sir, I was told by my boss you requested to see me. I must remind you that the NYPD isn’t comprisable even if you send us money.”
"I'm fine. There's still some left in the pot!"
He knew why he was sticking to engineering. He was good at that at least.
“Good luck on that, I heard he isn’t a very pleasant person to deal with.”
Thor on the other hand ended up licking out the bowl.
“Ahhh, that’s a lot better. Thank you, honey”, he sighed. Steve froze in his tracks and as Tony turned his head to look at the blonde, he saw a faint blush tainting Steve’s ears. As fast as he had reacted, Steve was back to normal again, taking the towel from Tony’s hands and smiled.
"So Tony must have been my secret Santa." Steve sighed. No present for him. To be honest, he was a little disappointed.
Thank you for the kind feedback which really motivates me <3
After all he had to stay awake to keep an eye at Tony as he had promised.
“Can’t deny I’m feeling a little drowsy”, Tony muttered, “okay, but only if you let me take you out later.”
“You make it sound worse than it was”, Steve answered, “Stark…Tony is a skilled inventor and I was glad to help.” He felt his lips turning into a soft smile as he remembered working with the engineer. Tony sure was…something.
Steve sighed. He had hoped they would come to better terms soon, but it seemed like that wasn't going to happen.
He gave Stark a soft smile and saw the billionaire’s façade starting to crumble, revealing a hint of a stressed out and tired (and injured) man. Stark fixed that with another fake-smile.
When he left the lab at seven about 100 new messages waited for him. Scrolling through them he slowly walked back to their dorm.
Clint spent some time admiring his muscles then he said: "So you're the prodigy coach told us about."
He was still limping but the ankle was starting to heal and it was only a matter of time that he would be able to walk properly again.
"Right... So, here is your ticket. I'll show you the way."
"Already resorting to primitive methods of trying to ruin my game?"
So Tony was at least a little surprised as a Whatsapp message from Steve appeared on his screen.
Tony nodded, while he crossed his arms in front of his chest. But it was too late.
"I really like the stars." Peggy sighed.
"What about you?"
“Sorry boss, but I can’t drive you the whole way to the apartment. The street is just too narrow”, Happy told him, “But you should wait till the rain has stopped…”
"Ok, but you should still come." (Steve)
“Uhm…no, it uh, looked good?”
“Interesting. Not as bad as you said, tho” Steve shrugged and placed the folder with his notes on his desk.
“Captain Rogers here, are you in intermediate danger?”
Bruce nodded in approval.
Steve looked at Tony and grinned. This was the first time in weeks he had seen Tony smile. Smile genuinely, not the forced smile he sometimes gave him.
Steve sat down on the edge of his bed, holding a tray with the soup on it. It smelled delicious!
Must be a different Steve, must be a different Steve...!
“Oh sweetie, I’m not gonna do that until you arrested my friend over here”, them man gave him another smile; this time a bit sharper than before. Steve looked at him confused, trying to process what the hell was happening here.
“Tomorrow.”
Steve disappeared to his room. When he came back he was carrying a paint box, paper and a few pencils.
“I’m sorry”, Tony whispered.
Tony felt his own face heat up under that innocent comment implying losing his clothes. God, he sure was fucked. Looking at Steve the blonde merely smirked upon seeing Tony’s emotions displayed on his face. Normally the engineer wouldn’t have any problem to shoot back an even flirtier comment, but Steve somehow managed to shut down his brain.
_________________
“Uhm, hi”, he approached one of them, “I have an invite from Mr. Stark” He held up the paper with the scribbled note. The security guard took it, then started talking into his communication device.
As nobody answered him Steve opened the door. He was met with the sight of utter chaos. Wires and other electrical looking things were spread all over both desk and bed. And Tony was sitting in the middle of the mess, headphones on and hadn't even noticed Steve. Slowly he closed the door again. It seemed like Tony was absorbed in his work and not to be bothered.
“Do you at least feel better?”, he asked with a sigh, as he started to dry Tony’s back. Tony hummed in agreement, closing his eyes as he lost himself in the pleasant feeling of Steve’s hands on his back. An unpleasant twinge made him flinch and brought him back to reality since Steve had started unwrapping his shoulder.
“Hey, are you the police?”, one of the guys called. From his voice he wasn’t the one who called but rather the one holding the gun.
“I don’t really know. I got a call stating that you got shot…in the shoulder..and that I’m your emergency contact.”, she told him with a sad smile. “It really when I saw you, you were so pale and cold. Oh Tony, you lost so much blood and were out for two days. I was so worried!”
"Good morning, sleeping beauty."
“About…6 months at least”, Banner informed him. And Tony let darkness wash over him once again; not wanting to deal with this fact right now.
b) at least too good for someone like Tony and
"Come on, don't be a spoilsport", Clint whined.
In Row 1b there was only one seat left, right in the middle. So Tony made his way across other peoples laps, constantly apologizing.
"The taxi will soon arrive and then we'll go home, okay?" Steve answered with a soft voice while Clint was still pissing himself laughing.
They had agreed to spend a nice evening in bed together and watch a movie on Tony's laptop.
“Haven’t I already told you everything? He tried to mug me, I went for his gun, he shot me, I had the gun, I forced him to call you.”
“I vote Settlers”, Natasha told them, “Clint can’t cheat as much in that one.”
"I'm out I don't own any suitable clothes for the snow." Tony shrugged, "Have fun."
"Yeah..."
"Can we meet? Peggy"
"You don't need to, I already ordered new ones. Also you probably couldn't afford the frame anyway", the other - Anthony - answered.
"We will meet again, Stark!" And with that Justin Hammer turned around and walked away.
It was his day off but due to his routine Steve woke at 5 and went for a run. The sun was shining already and the day was going to be warm and beautiful. He might have taken a longer run than usual (passing Stark-tower had totally been a coincidence) because when he returned to their flat, Bucky was already sitting at the kitchen table, drinking coffee.
"Uh, I'm not really good at giving gifts", Bruce sighed.
Also what does that matter? I was
By following Starks instructions, the small device slowly started taking shape and when Steve looked at the clock he noticed that the last hours had flown by without him noticing. The conversation had mostly been professional like “what should I do with that part” or “now solder the cable to this point” and in the silence of the workshop Steve found the billionaire a lot less intimidating than the last time they met. In fact, Stark looked pretty exhausted by now even if he would probably never let Steve know.
"Hi! I'm your new roommate!" Steve greeted him.
"Nope, everything is fine."
“Tony, you’re awake!”, he heard someone gasp. He opened an eye. Pepper.
After he had finished unpacking he sat down on his bed. Maybe he should go out... Spending the whole day locked up in his room wasn't going to get him any friends. He got up, grabbed his leatherjacket and headed for the room next door. The music had stopped some time ago so maybe Tony would also like to go out for a bit.
Without him noticing Steve had started watching him.
They went silent and most continued looking at the stars until Tony sneezed. In an instant all eyes were locked on him.
"I'm here. And I'm fine", he mumbled, keeping his eyes glued to the ground. "I'm sorry for ruining your game."
Tony woke up, feeling like shit. His whole body hurt and his ankle was pounding. Ugh, seemed like the Advil was wearing off.
He got up to fetch a glass of water and some Advil. Then he tried to wake Tony up.
When they got outside it had started snowing again.
“I’ll be back in a minute”, he blurted out, “just need to use the bathroom”
As he ordered them drinks a girl approached Steve. The cute one from his class!
“Ah, I requested that…more details on the man who got shot. Hopefully gonna interview him soon so we can close this case”, Steve answered and started looking through the now unorganized papers with Bucky peaking over his shoulder.
Steve made breakfast and they ate in silence. "Okay, let's go", Tony sighed after taking a look at his watch.
With his personal assistant returning, he wouldn’t need Steve’s help anymore and the Captain didn’t know if he was very happy with that. Sure, Tony was a hand full and sometimes a real hassle to deal with – for a genius his sense of self preservation was disturbingly low – but Steve enjoyed his company a lot. So when Tony asked him to the promised dinner date, he said yes.
Bruce met Tony in front of the dorm.
"He's fine", Clint reassured him.
Steve was close to panicking. Tony had just collapsed right before his eyes and now his teammates were dragging him to the medics at the other side of the field.
Tears started welling up in Tony's eyes again.
“Sunshine over there “ – another wave with the gun which made both the officer and thug- guy flinch – “Tried to rob me. So we had a fast showdown with him shooting me and me taking his gun and then I told him to call the police, meaning you. So, if you, please, could arrest him…my patience is wearing thin”
"It was ok. And yours?"
“Don’t you like them? I thought…that would be alright. I’m sorry, I was never really invited to…game night”
Tony pulled Bruce's arm. Inside there were Steve and his girlfriend and he just didn't want to face them.
Tony sighed. Well, he was dancing with Steve after all. Maybe he should give it a shot.
“..protocol, I know. Yes. I was conscious that time. You saw me pass out later. Not my best move when a cute guy approaches me. Are you finished? You can talk about the rest with my lawyers, ok?” Stark gave him a strained smile and Steve felt dismissed.
“Hey, are you the police?”, he called when he finally heard footsteps approaching. They were heavy but cautious.
“I hope you are feeling better. I’m sorry to inform you that your shoulder took quite a hit.”
He left before one of the others could say a word.
The others were already waiting in the common room.
Steve sighed. "How could I?"
"Do you need help?" Tony asked.
"A little, but I don't really feel it anymore." Tony admitted. "So you don't hate me?"
“Tony? Wait, you’re on first name base already?”
"The next time something like this happens, don't move him. His temperature was dangerously low. He could have gone into cardiac arrest."
When the cab arrived Steve settled down in the front, Tony still on his lap. The taxi-driver was about to say something, when Tony spoke up again: "Steve is warm, I'll stay with him. If someone tries to sue us, I'll sue them."
"Ventricular septal defect when I was younger. Basically a hole in my heart." Now quit the staring!
“2012”
"Hey, Tony. Could you open your eyes for me?"
We know we're not the best writers or anything, but thanks for sticking with us.
"Steve?"
"Oh, thank you! You could have just said something earlier." Now he was getting angry.
“I’ve never done stuff like this, but you told me you’ll help me. So, let’s get started”, he smiled, “what should I do?”
Tony let out a small sob.
but: this one turned out quite long, so I hope you enjoy <3
"Sweetheart, we need to go, I don't want to be late for the movie", Steve took Peggy's hand, "It was fancy meeting you, have some fun!"
"It might be better this way."
He really did not.
Steve looked at his best friend who stared at him looking shocked. Well, Bucky knew he wasn’t really tech-affine so what? He shrugged and continued inspecting the paperwork.
“You’ve got yourself a deal, doll”, Bucky answers with a grin.
"Isn't that the captains little boy toy?" A voice behind him sneered.
The next day Steve was called into his bosses’ office.
It wasn’t until 5 days later when they heard again from the “Manhattan-night-thug” incident as Bucky called it.
Well, that didn’t sound too bad. Probably Steve only needed to lift something and if this meant spending a few more minutes with the brunette he wasn’t totally against it. As Bucky said, Stark wasn’t too hard on your eyes.
“Language, Buck – and I’m guess were going to find out soon, were here”
Tony sighed. Even though he would never admit it he was a little scared of Justin Hammer. Both their parents were wealthy and they both had attended the same elite high school for rich boys. During their school time they had been engaged in a permanent contest.
"I think I sprained my ankle." He admitted.
Tony tried to keep the bandages dry, but under the prospect of changing them anyway in the next minutes, he didn’t do a very good job.
Steve didn't really want to fight. Mainly, because he was here to watch Steve's game, but also because Hammer was holding a bucket of coke. He didn't really want that all over him.
“Leave me alone”, Tony mumble, turning his head to the side just to avoid seeing the hurt look in Rhodey’s eyes. He knew he had both worried him and Pepper and it pained him that he was the cause of that. After a few minutes of silence he felt a hand settle on his right leg.
“Welcome back, Tones”, he greeted him, “feeling better?”
“Okay, stay calm, we are on our way. Can you tell me your exact location?”
“Okay…Captain. So, I was on my way home from a really nice party – I sometimes enjoy walking home - when that gentleman approached me. With his fucking gun. Asking me to hand over my wallet. As a matter of fact, I don’t do that. Most guys don’t have the guts to pull the trigger. So I told him no, fuckface asked again, I went for his gun and that asshole actually shot me. But I got the gun, so I sat down, standing wasn’t really an option - Have you been shot, hurts like hell! - Since I was holding the gun in my hand and the other one was now useless, I told fuckface to call the police. That’s where you came in, so you know what happened next.”
"Ok", Tony sighed, "count me in."
Since both had nothing else to do, they settled in front of the TV, watching a James Bond movie while waiting for their pizza. Steve decided the mattress was quite bumpy and worried about how he should sleep on that for a night. That was until he realized he was sitting on a whole set of screwdrivers.
When half an hour later Tony still wasn't there they decided to proceed without him.
“You’re the best, Pep, Thanks! Safe trip. Captain, what a pleasure to see you again!”
He did until they settled down for lunch.
Steve also told him that, after Tony had walked into the living room wearing nothing but soft sweat pants. Both sat down at the edge of the couch and Steve grabbed the towel Tony presented him with, to take care of drying and re-wrapping the injury.
"As long as you want ME to be your model." Tony answered, emphasizing the "me" as if he couldn't believe someone found him worthy of drawing.
“No, don’t be”, Steve answered, it isn’t that bad, I was just distracted for a moment.”
He gave them a quick wave and disappeared to his room.
Steve laughed.
“James.”
"Hammer", Tony shot back, "Can you walk again? The last time I saw you, you were kind of on the ground cuddling with your private parts!"
He had taken out his false teeth, now carrying them in his left hand. Using his right to steady himself he made his way out of the stuffy room.
"The game starts at 8 pm", Steve told him, "don't be late, I'll make sure to get awesome seats for you!"
"Genius over here, don't underestimate me!"
Big THANK YOU to everyone, who commented or left kudos <333 You make my day!
“No”, Tony tried to push Steve away, trying to stand up but failing to even get one foot under him, his breath quickening. Steve froze, he knew the signs of an on-setting panic attack.
Wow, Steve mused, Bucky had said the guy was a genius, but Stark couldn’t even remember to not use his right arm. He sighed.
Steve finished first.
“Thanks”, when Steve had left, Tony started undressing and drying himself. He heard a soft knock at the door.
He had always had a little problem with seeing blood, had even collapsed because of it before. But the last time had been years ago.
"That should be enough!" Steve laughed.
Steve left Tony dozing on the couch and went over to the kitchen to make some tea. Using the house telephone, he called the security and informed them, that a doctor was coming and that they should send him up. When he returned Tony was breathing slowly, eyes closed again. He didn’t know if Tony was actually sleeping or simply half passed out from exhaustion, but at least he looked peaceful. He sat down next to him and absentmindedly started to run his fingers through the brown locks while waiting.
They met in front of the dorm and went for a walk over campus. The snow under their feet was the only noise. Long time they walked without talking.
On Saturday morning Tony woke up with an awful ache in his neck. Well, he slept on the floor, since his bed was occupied with new parts for Dum-E.
He had encounter gun-guy on his way back from a gala he had hosted. Sure he had gone off trail just to wander around the quiet city for a bit, letting the cold air help him to cool his temper. But that didn’t mean he was free for robbing.
Tony dried himself with a fluffy towel then he put on boxers and sat down at the table while the coffee machine was running.
Still, he was a bit surprised when he got the message
"Tony, open up!" Steve called. Tony sighed. There was no way around this, so he should probably face his fate. At least he was already dressed again. He opened the bathroom door.
They soon finished.
They spent the evening chatting in the hallway until their resident shooed the all back to their rooms.
Tony simply nodded and buried his face in his hands.
Tony slowly opened his eyes.
“No, not really. The Stark case is closed already”
Damn brace, his new bane of existence. But the doctors had been very clear. If he wanted to recover fully, he wasn’t to use his arm at all for the next few weeks. And while that was totally inconvenient Tony was all but stupid and wouldn’t risk his chance on recovery on simply being annoyed by being disabled for a few weeks. Still meant it sucked and he was sorry for Pepper who had to deal with his bad mood.
The game started, distracting them.
"Just stay this way..." He muttered and started painting again.
He threw his screwdriver on the bed and got up. Maybe cooking something would get his mind off that guy. He opened the fridge. Nothing. Well, then shopping. Maybe he should just skip the cooking part and get a pizza...
, even said so yourself" Steve answered with a soft smile. Tony let out a long sigh but since Steve looked so eager to help, he just couldn’t bring himself to say no.
Everything was a bit blurry. On the first try he missed the spoon. Steve took that as a sign that he wasn't capable of eating by him self so he picked it up.
So this was a first.
Somewhere on their way Tony had fallen asleep. While Steve was a little grateful, Clint and Natasha seemed disappointed.
They ate in gluttonous silence as Bruce called it. Everyone was devouring the food so there was not room for talking.
Tony paled visibly as Steve and of course Peggy made their way over to their table. "Hey", he mumbled and continued eating his pasta.
Wait…what? Steve grabbed the receiver from Bucky’s hands.
"You're going to regret that", Hammer snarled between clenched teeth.
"No, don't give me the puppy eyes", Tony whined, "Alright, alright, I'm coming"
“And he has super warm chocolate brown eyes and the most fantastic ass you’ve ever seen. And he’s
“Seconded”, Bucky exclaimed. The others agreed till every one’s eyes landed on Tony.
“I have parking duty today”, Bucky complained and took another long sip, “and it’s with Clint” He sighed. Steve couldn’t help but laugh about the look of pure misery Bucky sent him.
So, this is the next chapter.
It didn't really sound like a threat so Tony started laughing.
He ate in silence. The soup was delicious. After finishing half the bowl he looked up.
"Consequences?" Hammer laughed, "get me his mobile phone!"
He had planned on asking Peggy but he didn't really want to now.
In silence they made their way to the bus stop from where they took the bus to town.
“Wow, that really smells amazing”, was the first thing he said, then yawned and sat up. The blanket slipped to the floor in a heap.
Tony woke up while he was tucking him in. He just opened his arms and Steve took that as a gesture to climb into bed with him and hold him warm.
“He is”, Steve grinned, “But he’s also pretty small., like a few inches smaller than I am. He’s charming but a bit impatient, guess that’s what you get from being the CEO of a giant company. Also he has a mouth nearly as bad as yours.”
“I know how those burns sting. Let’s put your hand under water to cool it!”, Tony told him with a frown. He grabbed Steve’s hand and pulled him over to a small bathroom. Holding his hand under the cool water sure eased the burn and Steve took a glance at the brunette. Tony himself didn’t look to good, his face was pale with bright red cheeks and those dark circles Steve had noticed earlier. He was standing next to Steve with his eyes closed, swaying a bit.
"How about secret Santa?" Clint asked and grinned.
"Nah, toilet." He explained.
The doctor took Steve aside.
Some time later Tony was sitting in the car, still feeling warm and…loved. Huh.
As a matter of fact, Tony knew no one who was doing so bad at candy crush, but Steve failed completely. He also looked a little down.
Clint, Bruce and Natasha had started building their own snow wall.
"We just ordered pizza!" Bruce greeted him.
“I prefer to call it research. Hey, what can a man do, I had your name and I was curious. The internet is a great source of information”, Tony laughed, raising his hands, “didn’t you google, uhm, research me?”
"Thanks I guess..."
"Can you put your arms around me?" He asked in a gentle tone.
Steve grew a light shade of pink.
Steve shrugged. “Not so much to tell about myself. I’m a pretty boring person.”
“I don’t like them. I don’t want them in my lab!”
“So…what happened - Well after I blacked out”, he asked his friend. Pepper let out a shaky breath.
“See you tomorrow, darling”, he called as he left Steve to let himself out. The blonde was shaking his head as he stepped into the elevator.  He touched the tingling spot on his cheek and smiled.
"Are you cold, too?" Steve asked, a little embarrassed.
"I think our rooms are a bit small, we should just eat here!" So everyone sat down on the dark hallway and started devouring their pizzas.
"Nice to meet you. I'm Steve Rogers... Actually, I got a football scholarship for this college."
"Can I take a video?" Clint asked, obviously excited.
_______________________
"You look cute!" Steve ruffled his hair. The next moment he was hit by a snowball.
"Hey, can we stop talking about messy rooms?" Tony snapped. Everyone started laughing.
Steve felt the heat creeping up his face but he was too angry to apologize.
But as Tony started retreating Bruce caught his arm and gestured him to sit down.
And then there was a police officer approaching and Tony had never thought he would, but right now he could cry. But he still had a reputation to keep so he just clenched his teeth.
“Come on, I’m not an invalid..”, Tony sighed.
Great, Tony was dealing with a total amateur. He took a step forward. And lunged for the gun.
“Tony, slow down, breathe with me…come on, you can do this. Inhale. Exhale….”
"Tony", he was greeted by a panting and smiling Steve as soon as he reached the dance floor. "Where were you? I was looking for you!"
"I could teach you a few decent meals." Steve offered.
He put his phone back in his pocket and focused on the equations he was currently revising.
“Yes, my name is Captain Rogers, how may I assist you?”
I'm really sorry to tell you that we won't be able to grant your requests, as this fic is already finished and we won't edit it (Kate is working a full time job, I'm studying for my first big exam in med school- no time left for anything like this).
Steve didn't let go off Tony until they reached the emergency room. Bruce went to get a nurse.
"Sure thing." Steve answered, "Come on, let's look what we can make with our groceries." Before Tony could answer Steve had grabbed his hand and pulled him towards their flat.
“Uh, okay, what can I help you with?”
"Sure, we just started making lasagne", Clint grinned. But you two can prepare some dessert, our kitchen is already full enough!"
"Fuck off!" He almost dropped the phone. Nice greeting. But what followed let him freeze.
“If you want to lose again at settlers, sure”, Tony grinned, feeling a warmth spreading through his body. “But only if I can have a closer look at Bucky’s arm before totally crushing you again.”
It had been a silent and thankfully pretty uneventful night in New York when the distress call had reached them. While Steve was driving the car, Bucky played with a fidget spinner propped on one finger of his artificial arm. Working night shift was Steves favorite. The slow driving in one of the police cars calmed him and he enjoyed the twinkling lights of the never sleeping city. When he finished his shift he would drive back to his apartment, go for a morning run then shower and would spend half of the day sleeping till work started again.
"Captain?" Tony smirked as the pink intensified.
He looked at Rhodey and tried to smile. He feared the recovery process and having to do it alone scared him more than he would admit. But he knew it wasn’t his friends fault.
Some time later everyone was out of breath and simply laying in the snow.
_________________
"You know you shouldn't be drinking so much?" The girl asked him, after filling his glass again.
a) Steve Rogers was too good to be true
“Enjoy your day with Stark”, Bucky called when he gave him a short wave.
“I only bulked up in the army, late puberty or something. Buck was in my squad and we spent a few months in Afghanistan. Bucky got hurt and we both left the army, going on to the police academy. I graduated in…uh, what was it? 2013??”
"Well, I would prefer going outside." Steve grinned and pointed at the window, "there should be enough snow for an awesome snowball fight."
"It's his girlfriend, isn't it? Were you in love with her?"
Tony hated galas where every single woman tried to impress him by the size of their cleavage. Those days were over for him. And after stopping to drink alcohol a few years back, there wasn’t even a way to make events like this more bearable.
The game started again and Tony found his eyes glued to the glorious ass of the captain. He even forgot about Hammer behind him.
"There you are! I though you had forgot about it!" Or maybe even worse...
"Oh, are you scared that you won't be the top student in your year?"
Steve dropped to his knees next to him and took off his jacket.
Steve had insisted he went to lie down if he wasn't feeling well. Tony opened Netflix and started searching for a movie. Steve had never owned a TV so he had decided to show him the glorious movies of the past decade, starting with the reindeer games.
He nodded. Steve nodded too. Awkward!
“Are you alright? You look tired”, he asked. Stark flinched and put his smile-mask back on.
Things were starting to get quite interesting.
"Tony, it would be better to see a doctor. You suffering from hypothermia at least."
The campus store was away a 15 minutes walk from their dorm. He ended up buying at least ten different kinds of pizza (maybe Steve would like one or two), a dozen eggs, bacon, pop tarts, chips and an apple for good measurement.
Now Bruce got down on his knees next to him.
Maybe he was a bit late. After all Steve had to play in this game.
A few minutes later Steve opened the door, carrying a tray with pizza. He still hadn't given up on slicing it neatly and arranging it on a plate. Tony usually just ate it as a whole.
This day had started so nicely until Steve appeared. Hopefully it would get better again.
“But you invited me”. The doorbell saved Tony from continuing this awkward conversation. Steve left the room and soon came back with four other people, a red-haired girl, and three guys. One of them was sporting a sleek metal arm, so that must be Bucky.
“How long…will it take?”, Tony asked. All that information was a bit too much to process right now. He knew that he wouldn’t simply walk out with a band aid but damn, he needed his right arm to function. He was an engineer, he needed both his hands!
Tony just kept staring ahead.
"So, you're the new guys", Clint said, "well, you and Thor and Bruce, but we know them since yesterday already!"
Tony nodded and sat down at the end of the sofa.
Steve tipped his chin up with a finger and suddenly there were lips on his and Steve was kissing him. Oh. God. Steve was kissing HIM!
He was woken by soft whimpers coming from Tony. A glance at the clock told him it was 4 o'clock in the morning. The painkillers seemed to be wearing off.
“Stop fidgeting so much, the doctors said to clean it at least every second day. You don’t want to get an infection, do you?”, the redhead answered and poured some more antiseptic on the wound. Tony shivered from the cold feeling. At least it didn’t burn as badly as he expected it to.
"I hate bullies", Steve clenched his fists, "next time tell me about it before something bad happens!"
“Wait, do you mean I stink?”, Tony snapped back in a friendly manner.
He scrambled to his feet and unlocked the door.
"Fuck off, Stark", Hammer snarled.
“Stop whining, it’s just for a week”, his assistant answered, “and since you’re in no condition to travel it is my job to cover for you. So hang in there, behave and you can always call your doctor, you know? Also if you need anything today just call me, I’m not leaving till this afternoon.”
of daily visits. Once he finished work (thankfully no night shifts for him that week) he visited Tony, helped him with the injury and they watched movies afterwards. In the matter of a few days Tony looked a lot better than the first day Steve visited, the infection having healed and the last night of their weekly arrangement ended with Tony telling him, that Dr. Banner had allowed that he could go back to work…if he took it easy.
“Clothes are lying outside”, Steve told him, and Tony heard him walking away. Opening the door, he found a pair of soft sweat pants and a blue and red sweater with a white star. Both were a bit too big on his lithe frame but at least dry and cozy – and smelled good. He couldn’t help but blush, knowing that this was Steve’s smell. After tossing his soaked clothes into the bathtub, he made his way to the kitchen.
Finishing their introductions, everyone sat down at the table and soon a huge pile of board games was standing in the middle. Steve was sitting next to Tony and even through the warm sweater – Steve’s favorite sweater!- he could feel the heat radiating from the blonde’s body.
“Oh, I bet you’ll get the hang out of it pretty fast. Let me explain the rules…”, Steve leaned over and started explain how to harvest, build and deal.
"Stop, I can walk on my own", Tony protested, "Also, you're still sweaty and disgusting!"
They joined the others who were sitting in the common room, waiting for the lasagne to be ready.
“You know what, you should invite your boyfriend to next game night”, Bucky told him, getting up from the table to make himself some coffee.
He left Tony on the couch, making his way over to the kitchen area. Looking through the cupboards he found everything better stacked, then he would have thought. Tony didn’t seem like someone who would really cook for himself. Deciding on a pasta dish, he started collecting the ingredients and went on to cooking. A loud snore from the couch told him that Tony was fast asleep. He smiled softly. While being a genius in science, taking care of himself clearly wasn’t the engineer’s strong suit. Waiting for the water for the pasta to start boiling, he pulled out his mobile to message Bucky.
Steve was humming a soft tune while he shaved Tony with swift strokes of the razor. The engineer could feel his face burning with shame.
“You like him! Also, my mouth isn’t that bad. Not everyone can be a language-saint as you are.”
"Take good care of him. He might develop a fever as a response of his body. You can just give him some antipyretics. If he get's much worse you should come back."
“Gosh, you startled me. Good morning Captain..Steve”, he answered and got up. “Thank you so much for coming! You were of great help yesterday.”
Back in his room he locked the door and started planning the present for secret Santa. That kept his mind off some things.
The brunette looked at him, eyes clouded with pain, tears rolling down his way to red cheeks. Tony gave him a small nod.
"So, what about the budget?" He asked.
Steve only stopped when he saw Tony, leaned against the wall, deathly pale. He was clutching a small package against his breast and it looked like tears had dried on his cheeks. He was not wearing a jacket.
He gave him a warm look saying: "I know, buddy, but you'll survive."
“They should be here any minute. Please don’t shoot me!”
“Bucky, I might need some assistance…and call an ambulance!”
Tony got up and disappeared to his room.
Tony sent him an angry glare. It was obvious Steve was making fun of him.
"Looks good!" Tony smiled. He hadn't eaten for almost two days and was getting a little hungry.
The science fair was in the gym of the high school. It was incredibly busy and soon they decided to split up since Tony wasn't interested in body parts and Bruce didn't really care for robots.
"Tony?" Steve shouted, "Tony, where are you, are you alright?" He sounded pretty worried which made Tony cringe out of guilt. Shouldn't Steve be celebrating the victory with his teammates? Why was he home already? He heard banging on a door, probably his bedroom door.
As always sorry for making a few mistakes ;)
The billionaire nodded, his eyes were closed again. Steve slid his other hand under Tony’s knees and picked him up in a bridal carry. He made his way over to the elevator with Tony in his arms, punched in the code and pressed the penthouse button. After a silent and quick ride, they reached the penthouse and Steve carried him over to the couch.
"I'm horrible, Bruce", he whined, "they are so happy and I just hope they break up. Really soon if possible."
He turned around to go back to his room but Steve grabbed his arm.
"I'm sorry." Tony sighed, "I will try to attend the next one."
When Steve returned to the living area, Tony was sitting up again, giving him a crisp smile as to mask the pain he was still in. Steve shrugged and sat down in one of the armchairs facing the brunette. Looking outside he already saw the sun sinking. Time had passed quickly while they were working and with the following ruckus it was later than he had thought. Steve heard his stomach give a loud growl. Tony cleared his throat as if to say something, then looked down, kneading his hands, then started talking, his voice flat.
Steve raised his hands in defense, it hadn’t been his goal to upset the engineer nor imply anything about Stark’s health. This wasn’t his decision to make and he was well aware. Still pondering what to answer his own body supported him and his stomach made a loud gurgling noise. Steve laughed as he saw Stark blushing a dark crimson on realizing that he might have over-reacted.
"Peggy, since you never had the pleasure: This is my flat mate Tony- Tony, this is my girlfriend Peggy", Steve introduced them.
The blanket pile moved, indicating nodding.
“What the fuck was that?”, Bucky asked him, “Who points a gun at someone and then tells them to call the police?”
"Yeah... well, I have to go, so do you think you'll find it yourself?"
“I already rested a week”, the billionaire argued, “and you saw how bad I am at changing the bandages.”
Tony thought about it for a moment.
Tony jumped up. Shit! Shit! Steve was injured!
He had an idea, but he wasn't sure if Steve would like it and he didn't want to show off his money or anything...
Only minutes before it started, a very worried looking Steve made his was through the crowd.
Smiling, Steve pulled out his smartphone and started typing a message.
Bruce's glare just said "Told you so".
It took all of his friends to keep Hammer from strangling Tony.
On the corridor they were greeted by four other schemes in the dark.
“As I consider this a date, given the company and the amazing food, why don’t you tell me a bit about yourself, Captain Rogers”, Tony said, a lazy grin settling on his face.
Maybe the unknown atmosphere and excitement of the game had got to him. And the sun... and maybe it had been because he saw the cute guy he shared an apartment with bleeding.
A few hours later Steve was done for the day. Every single teacher had spent ages on telling them how important the subject they were teaching were. He didn't know that History of art was going to make the difference weather he got a job or not. He was really grateful that football practice would only start on the next day. After all he was here for a football- scholarship, but had to choose a major. Who would have guessed that art was going to kick his ass?
Finally the last ones, Natasha and Peggy (who also had to lent some clothes) joined them and they finally made it outside.
This time they took the elevator (again, pin coded) to the basement. Huge glass panels divided the workshop from the entrance and Steve could see Starks form hunched over a work bench. The workshop itself was full of different types of heavy machines, workbenches and tons of scrap material. And Steve had never seen that huge amounts of…well... junk lying around anywhere. Mrs. Potts entered a code and the glass doors opened letting them inside.
When Steve was anxious no one could stop him. He ended up running way faster than the others. His football training was paying off.
“Good...day”
Tony sat down and ripped open the bag of chips. He had missed both lunch and breakfast and was getting hungry. Hopefully Steve would return before midnight.
Tony looked up and Steve could see that his ears had turned red. His eyes were wide and he looked a lot more lively than a few seconds ago.
He hadn't done his chores in weeks and left everything to Steve.
Okay, maybe a bit.
Steve nodded and darted off, back to his teammates.
Thanks for sticking with us <3
He didn’t remember a lot after that, just a warm and fuzzy feeling and when he woke again, he was in his bed. It took him a few minutes to figure out how he had gotten there, but Steve had left a note at the night stand.
"Yeah, fun.."; Tony muttered, "watching some big guys running after a football and beating each other to pulps.."
Tony could feel the panic rising in his throat making him unable to breathe. The monitor he was still attached to gave out loud beeping signals and the doctor started to look quite distressed.
On second look he actually saw one of the sleeves of suit-guy glinting in the dim light – probably blood. Focusing on it he could also smell the iron tint in the air. Shoot…
“Yes, please”, he finally managed to blurt out and seconds later Steve, the professional Tony-helper, had helped him to fix the bane of his existence again. Not having the entire weight of his arm straining his shoulder anymore, the pain slowly started receding and Tony let out a small sigh.
“Oh, just keep it and bring it back for game night next week. You’re coming, aren’t you?”
Tony looked at his ticket. Row 1b. He should be able to find that.
“Just get a bit of sleep, okay? I’ll wake you when dinner is ready”, Steve interrupted Tony’s rambling.
"Gonna stay here, my parents are busy anyway." Tony answered. He sat up and started cleaning his glasses.
And even if he would never admit it, Tony started to feel at home.
"He must have turned it off." Steve replied. He had left his phone in their apartment.
Until next time!
“Put on a shirt and then we’ll put the brace back on”, he told Tony.
Clutching his right arm at the wrist, he managed to take some of the weight off his shoulder. The brace was still lying where he tossed it, on top of his pile of wet clothes. Only seconds later the door to the bathroom opened again, revealing Steve.
"Don't do that or you will get sick, too", Tony stuttered and blushed. Steve smiled at how adorable his boyfriend was.
"It's nothing", Tony sighed, "just some stupid phobia. Really, I'm fine" He felt a small blush creeping over his face.
"Hey, Newbie! Try outs start only tomorrow!"
She turned around again and typed in a code which somehow enabled her to press a button on the top row. Steve felt his stomach turn when the elevator shot up at an unusual speed.
Though we have finished the story we won't upload it as a whole. So begging for another chapter as soon as possible will only cause us to delay the update. After all- we wrote this fanfic for our own pleasure and not to have people pressure us in any way.
Shoot. He could deal with finding someone attractive, wanting to take him to bed. But Steve was different, a good but dangerous different.
His legs responded before he could even understand what he saw. He found himself running towards the dorm. After locking the door twice he leaned heavily against it.
"I'm buying you a drink!" Steve smiled at Tony. "Can you get us a table over there?"
“I’m gonna leave you to yourself”, he told Tony as soon as he had helped him take off both brace and shirt, “try to not get those bandages too wet and call me as soon as you’re finished, so we can change them.” Then he left the bathroom and Tony alone with his thoughts.
After finishing the pasta, Steve went on to setting the table. He decided against wine, not knowing how alcohol would react with the medication Tony was taking. When he was finished with the preparations he went over to the couch, where Tony was snoring softly. His hair was a mess, but he looked peaceful and in a lot less pain than before. Steve pondered if he should wake him, when Tony stirred, saving him the decision.
When Peggy looked at him again, she was smiling.
"When I'm in the lab I usually concentrate on my works so I don't really move..."
Tony probably wasn't so bad, Steve decided while stuffing all of his clothes into the small wardrobe. In fact he was quite cute with his huge glasses and the small hint of a goatee. And he was at least 4 inches smaller than Steve.
"Everyone will take part and it will be fun", Clint tried to convince him, "come on, Brucy!"
“Mr. Stark, I’m going to clean your wound now. After that you should take some antibiotics as well as painkillers. Don’t look at me that way, they will help you to sleep.”
He really should never have gone to college.
"That looks like a sprain to me. I'll wrap it up and you shouldn't put too much weight on it for a couple of days."
"God, no! Just keep them. I have enough stuff and you seem to need it."
As always, guys- thanks for your lovely comments!
Awkward silence followed.
"I totally agree that friend Tony has to be a part of the battle in the night!" Thor exclaimed.
"I had fun, too." Bruce smiled. "You need to go out some more. I haven't seen you at our movie night for three weeks!"
Suddenly a couple stopped at their restaurant.
“You are doing great. Amazing. I know you’re in pain, but you will get better. Come on, slow breaths…”
Sorry for taking so long to post, might even take longer in the future since i'm currently changing positions at work (and I tend to writ in my break)
"Steeeve, I'm not sick", Tony sighed, but realized there was no way to escape his friend as soon as Steve entered the mother-hen-mode. So he let Steve tuck him into bed, telling him to rest until the soup was ready.
"My glasses. Would you mind to step off them?"
“Naaah, I’m awake.”, Tony called from the couch. Both Steve and Banner turned around to see the billionaire slowly sitting up.
“I talked to Captain Rogers from the NYPD. He’s a nice young man and the one who found you, do you remember?”
“I’m working on a portable holographic device; already coded and developed everything in theory - now I just need to build it. This is where I need your help”, Stark…Tony told him and pulled out a blueprint that looked more complicated than anything Steve had ever seen. “Of course, I’ll walk you right through every step. Nothing complicated.”
The nurse then returned with an IV-kit and hooked Tony up to it.
"So, Tony, have you got anything to tell me about your saviour?"
"Can't hear you! Music's too loud!" He mouthed.
Then he picked up the package and opened it. The motorcycle was crushed, wires sticking out and metal bent. Oh god, his present, what should he say to Steve. But well, after that voice massage Steve probably wouldn't want to face him again anyway.
"Okay, Tony it is", Steve smiled, "what is your major?"
Tony was pushed around a corner and found himself trapped between bushes a wall and Hammers gang.
"Steve saved me. He is strong and I like him!"
"Now draw a name and DON'T show it to the others."
The elevator gave a small ping and the door opened, revealing the entrance hall. Stark lead the way into the now mostly empty room. A perfectly styled receptionist was smiling at him and Steve noticed how out of place Stark looked here with his oil smeared tank top and the sweatpants.
“I can do it. Well, change the bandages and stuff, make sure he takes the medication…”, Steve said earning himself the full attention of both men. “I, uh, could come over after work. I helped a lot of injured people in the army so I know what I’m doing.”
Tony finished unpacking all the groceries and poured some milk into a pot. When the milk was warm enough he added some chocolate and cocoa powder.
It got kinda fluffy this time :)
He grabbed his jacket and started running, phone still clutched in his hands.
The doctor left and Steve sat down on the edge of Tony's bed. The nurse had undressed him completely and given him a hospital gown. He was lying under at least three heating blankets.
“You’re staying here, I’m going to take a look at the situation”
"So you really are", Bruce answered, "well, Clint and I guessed...but that doesn't mean we don't like you anymore! As a matter of fact I'm bisexual and Clint has a boyfriend."
“Thank you for the nice evening”, he told Tony, carrying the plates over to the sink.
Momentarily distracted Steve didn't see his opponent coming, as he slammed into him with full force.
He nodded and followed Steve back to the kitchen, where the others had just started another round of exploding kitten.
"Yeah", Steve answered, "I missed my last bus and just got here today. Well and Tony was busy making his room a mess"
Tony went ahead and climbed into bed (Steve's bed). He was a little tired, but had wanted to help.
"Yeah, right, says the guy, who probably isn't able to reproduce anymore", Tony grinned. "Which is better this way anyway."
Steve nodded, trying not to laugh.
"Maybe you should watch where you go, idiot!"
It was amazing at what speed a human under pressure could move. He managed to pack in less than two minutes, shower in less than one and was at the bus stop only five minutes after he woke up.
"We should bake more than one for each", Tony mused, "I crave for more after my first pizza."
Steve nodded. "I am."
That was not true! No way!
This were it all went down.
And he simply nodded and watched his friend leave the room, feeling a wave of loneliness and resignation wash over him.
"What do you want?" Tony snarled and sent him a glare.
He grabbed the new bandage and started to wrap the wound. Tony felt his fingers trembling and couldn’t stop himself from flinching every time the fabric so much as touched his shoulder. The mirror proved that his wrapping wasn’t nearly as neat as Pepper’s, but he just couldn’t do this again. With a sigh he put his tank top back on, then somehow managed to strap his shoulder and arm into the brace again without passing out. He counted this as success. His blood was pounding in his ears when he made his way back to the workshop and he had to stop several times to fight off the dark spots in his vision.
"Do you want to sleep?" he asked Tony, who had just yawned.
"You draw a name of someone and then you will have to get a gift for that person. And at the party we exchange the gifts", Steve explained.
He could have guessed Tony'd be a no-show.
After he had wandered around campus for a bit, Steve found himself on the edge of the football field, as if an invisible force had dragged him there. He climbed up on the ranks and sat down somewhere in the middle.
Slowly his mood started to brighten up and he found himself humming the tune to one of his favourite songs. The shower was loud enough so he gave it a try. The next few minutes he spent with an awesome shower-karaoke-session.
"Let me down", Tony started kicking, trying to get away. But the guys had an iron grip on his arms.
Tony stared at him, trying to capture the meaning of what Bruce just said.
"Has anything happened between the two of you?"
“Ouch, Pepper, that hurts”, he exclaimed as his friend and assistant started dabbing at the now stitched up hole.
“Hey Stevie, you have mail”, he called waving a folder with a few papers in it. Office duty was the worst, but someone had to write reports about the stuff that happened on duty. Bucky stopped next to Steve’s desk and dropped the folder on it with a thud, several papers sliding out and falling to the floor. Steve sighed and started picking them up.
"So you think the same?"
“Still not the morning person, are you, Buck?”, he asked with a soft smile. They had spent the last evening staying up late, talking and it sure had taken its poll.
"Hey, Tony, Bruce", Steve waved.
"No, not really, it's just a small suitcase", Steve laughed, "but anyway, thanks!"
At least he had managed to obtain the revolver. Tony tried to stand up only to notice black spots form in front of his vision. So he let himself fall against the wall, sliding back down into a sitting position. He quickly changed the gun into his working, left hand and raised it.
"I have to paint a portrait over the holidays. I have no idea who I should paint, though."
After what seemed like an eternity Tony could see blue lights flashing and he sighed. Finally. He wasn’t really sure for how long he could hold up the illusion of him being in charge anymore.
Tony crawled to the head of the bed and propped himself against it.
He typed a quick response. He had almost felt this coming. Peggy was a great friend and quite good at kissing, but he somehow felt not everything was quite alright. There were no deeper feelings.
"Thanks!" Clint grinned. "Let me guess, Bruce?"
Tony chose not to answer this one.
"Sorry, that was Clint on my phone, but I agree. Now give me back my phone or you won't get back yours!" (Clint)
Moments later he returned from the kitchen carrying a glass of water and a small tray with food.
“I guess I know which building your talking about. I talked to his personal assistant and she just send me a note inviting me over for the questioning tomorrow.”
Tony was quite embarrassed. That was the reason why he hated to shower or undress in public. He had been way too young to remember any of the operation but it had left him with this nasty scar and he was getting tired of explaining.
True to his words he finished unwrapping, effectively dried and disinfected the wound and rewrapped it in a matter of a few minutes.
That was interesting, he remembered spending quite some time in bed after being hit by a bullet, but Stark was an adult man and sure had his reasons for already working again. Well, running a million-dollar company sure was a good reason.
"I can lend you some of mine, I have a spare set", he told him.
"Good!" Tony breathed. "But you won't tell him?"
Steve laughed.
Half an hour later they could go home. A nurse unhooked the IV-drip and helped Tony sit up.
“I’m sorry, didn’t know it was raining that hard!”, the blonde cursed, “You look horribly wet, I’m so so sorry! Let’s get you cleaned up, you’re the first to arrive, even Bucky is late, and he lives here...”
“Hmm, well I guess you should visit Stark and find out. Before we accept this donation, I want to make sure nothing illegal is going on here. You know the compliance rules, officer?”
"Should I call for some painkillers?" Steve asked, looking worried again.
Tony was a bit impressed. He never knew it was so easy to deal with bullies!
Suddenly the old, crappy couch in one of the corners looked very inviting to him and it probably wouldn’t hurt to lay down for a bit. OK, it hurt, but he was to exhausted to do anything so he just closed his eyes.
Fist he didn't finish his thought, but Steve just kept looking at him so he went on: "If you don't care for my looks and me not looking at you as a last resort I could be your model. Or you just use a photo of your mom..."
Tony could hardly buy him a bike. Well, eh could, but that would be showing off.
Which proved itself pretty hard since he couldn’t stop his hands – ok his one good hand- from shaking. Hell, that one wasn’t even injured! Coffee wasn’t working either which was bad. Like, really bad. Normally a cup of hot steaming coffee would steady his hands and calm his mind, right now his thoughts were still running in circles and he kept flinching. As another pretty hard shiver wrecked his body and he nearly dropped the soldering iron, he decided that maybe he would need help, so he pulled out his phone.
i hope you like it :)
Tony shrugged, a small smile forming on his face, “well, you all are just too nice and gullible”, he answered. He was met with loud protest.
Two days later and against doctor’s advice he discharged himself and left the building with a useless arm and a small bottle of painkillers.
“I can probably finish it on my own”, Stark answered and pressed the button on the elevator they just had reached, the door opened and both got in.
He woke to the steady beeping of a heart monitor and needed a few seconds to process where he was and what had happened.
Steve stopped raising one eyebrow. Had he done something wrong? While Stark had been somewhat irritating, he didn’t seem to be a bad man. So what would he want?
With a small whimper Tony pulled the broken model to his chest and finally let the held back tears escape him.
The static noise coming from the radio unit of the car startled them both.
Still a little sleepy he looked at his clock. 4 o'clock, great!
"Do you want to get thrown out? No? Then stop it!"
When he made his way around the corner of the narrow street he could see two figures sitting on the ground behind one of the containers - as well as the shine of a gun pointing at someone.
Some time later their food arrived (really awesome pasta) and they ate in silence.
"We should draw names first before we eat the desert." Steve said. He was a little worried if everyone would be alright after eating Tony's mousse.
“Stop sulking and get some more rest”, the redhead told him, “The doctors recommended you’d at least stay in bed for the rest of the week.”
But Tony had already closed his door behind him.
Steve closed the door again. He sighed. Tony was just tooo cute!
So he decided on building a tiny model for him. He hoped Steve would like it. He could always buy one of those but he didn't really want to. After all he was good at engineering and that would be his chance to show his friends that he wasn't a completely lost case.
“Yes, he’s the one who found us”, he answered. “What does he want?”
"Sleep is boring" Tony sighed but his eyes felt so heavy again.
"I guess I will sleep a little more," Tony mumbled and was fast asleep only seconds later. Steve sat next to him for a while. Tony was looking so cute and peaceful when he was sleeping. Since he had nothing else to do, Steve went searching for his sketchbook and started drawing his sleeping boyfriend.
"Fuck off", Tony screamed. He started feeling really helpless. The next moment Hammers fist hit him hard in the face and he let out a small whimper.
Steve started rambling over the cute girls in his class and Tony tried not to look too disappointed. After all, Steve was one of the popular guys. No chance he was gay.
"This is hilarious!"
"You should see Thors room", answered Bruce (well, Steve guessed he was Bruce) with a dark voice.
"I'm fine", he insisted and stumbled forwards. His legs gave in but before he could hit the ground Steve caught him.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Great!" Tony sighed.
"So... you're ok now?"
Tony sighed, got up again and went back to work. Better keep his mind busy.
"Come on"
-Tony, there is an awesome science fair this weekend. Would you like to go?-
Looking at the officer he could see him think, then he seemed to finally notice Tony’s injury and took action, cuffing the thug. The engineers cramped fingers loosened, and he let the gun fall to the ground the ringing in his ears getting stronger by the second.
When he returned from the short phone call (turned out getting a doctor on the phone was a lot easier if you were a billionaire) Tony had his eyes closed and was shivering slightly. Wearing only a tank top, the aircon sure was pretty cold. Steve grabbed one of the blankets and draped it across the others small form.
Though everyone was waiting for her to invite Steve she said nothing more.
"No, we came back in the night. You're in my bed. I take your ankle hurts?"
He carefully made his way to the bathroom. Steve's Jacket and his shoes were missing so he had probably spent his night with Peggy. Even better! Ok, not good, but he was finally alone.
“As much as I looked forward to taking you out for an amazing dinner date…I’m sorry, but I guess I’m not really in the condition for that today.”
“Reckless it was, but brave as well. I was happy to assist.”
"Shh," Steve pressed him down again, "I mean... I might like you... too?"
"Ugh!" Steve covered his eyes with the back of his hand. It took them a few minutes to get used to the glazing light, but then they could see the other (and the mess they had made).
“Ah, I’ll just walk the rest. No worries.”, he told Happy, grabbing his bag of ‘snacks’ and making a sprint for Steve’s apartment building. As it turned out even a small run for the apartment left him drenched. The fact that there was nowhere to hide from the rain after ringing the door bell made it worse. When Steve finally opened the door, Tony was soaked. Staring at the nice cashmere pullover that was now clinging to the billionaire in a very wet and unsexy way, Steve ushered him inside.
Thor sat down his tray next to Tony.
Well, it explained why Steve hadn't come back for him. He had found himself a girl. A better match than his roommate who had spent the evening wallowing in self-pity. But damn, that hurt!
"Rest a little more", Steve gave him a small peck on the lips.
“I’m glad you managed to help Tony. He’s too reckless for his own good.”
He was quite sure Tony thought he was out. After all they were sharing a flat for over two month and he had never heard him singing before. Maybe he was embarrassed by it...
"Of course," Steve wrapped his jacket around Tony again and lifted him.
Tony sighed. Everyone was staring at him, expecting him to say something.
"I'd say that's up to you." Clint grinned; clearly hoping the rich boy had drawn his name.
-Then it's a date-
"I take that as a yes."
"Boy, I can't read even half of it..."
"It's a bit... too much chocolate in that." He admitted as Steve carried over the bowl.
And Stark winked. Steve knew this was dangerous terrain, he had known the man for what…a week? With their first meeting being not pleasant and Stark being only half conscious that time. He shouldn’t spend so much time with someone so out of his league.
"Oh, thank you", Peggy beamed, "Were you at the fair, too? Steve told me you are really good at science! I don't understand half of it, but the fair was still fun."
Toy decided to go for a tuna pizza while Steve chose Margharita.
"Finished!" He exclaimed a few moments later and turned his pad around so that Tony could see his portrait.
Reaching the lab he started yelling for Tony.
“Alright, Mr. Stark, you can either have a nurse come over once a day or have Mr. Rogers help you. Your choice”, the doctor answered and shrugged. Tony was still staring at Steve, his face sporting a bright red blush. He shook his head and settled on a fake smile that could barely hide how exhausted he still was.
"Friend Anthony, how did you fare on your second day?"
He knew Steve adored motorbikes. He had never said so, but every time they passed one on campus he got this look in his eyes.
"I'm going on a nice vacation with my parents." Bruce said, "India!"
"If they are "reindeer games" I'm in", Tony explained. He didn't really like unrealistic love-and-peace-movies. Even though that was kinda a part of the whole christmas thing.
Tony just nodded with a pained smile. He had taken both antibiotics and painkillers and looked like he was half asleep already.
On the inside Tony hated himself even more. Steve was happy so shouldn't he be happy for him? But well, Tony Stark had always been selfish and he couldn't suppress this jealousy.
Steve was woken by a strange noise. It had gotten late yesterday and as he started to get up he noticed he was still wearing his jacket. Next to his door were his shoes.
“I’ll get you some dry clothes”, he told the engineer after helping Tony to both take off the brace and his soaked sweater.
That sounded a bit sarcastic, but he didn't care. They had nothing in common after all, so why should he try to deepen their friendship?
“I’ll just…put on my clothes, thanks for lending me your stuff”, he told Steve, attempting to get up.
“As you might know I’m currently…lefthanded”, Stark pointed on the prominent brace restraining his right arm, “and I am working on a prototype that needs someone able to use both hands for assembling. If you’d please follow me? Also, just call me Tony.”
He tried to walk past them without staring. He could only see the back of the boy, but that was enough.
“Okay, mom”, Tony answered with a sharp nod. Both knew he wouldn’t go back to bed. Not when the only thing distracting him from the pain was working on stuff. Pepper sighed and turned to leave.
“I brought snacks.”, Tony blurted out, not knowing how to deal with a very worried and mother henny Steve.
"Sure, go ahead. He still need supervision, so make sure everything is alright," she answered.
Tony gave out a small whimper. Steve stopped instantly.
“Tony, you just fell on your broken shoulder, you really should get that checked out.”
"Nope, just cold." Tony smiled. "So, should I wash your clothes before I return them?"
“Well then go, find out and send Mr. Stark our best wishes on his recovery. I’ll let you take the rest of the day off” Fury sighed and dismissed him.
"Well, I DID say something."
Starks PA turned nodded with a soft smile, then turned around and left Steve alone with the billionaire. Steve raised one eyebrow as Stark patted him on the shoulder with his good hand.
"Come on, Tony, that calls for revenge", Steve called and pulled Tony along, chasing Natasha, who was in fact a lot faster than they were.
It didn't even take them half an hour to eat the whole lasagne.
smart…”
“Mr. Stark, no offense, but you don’t look too well”
Steve blushed.
“OMG, who brought macarons? I’ll forever love you”, the blonde, Clint, exclaimed.
When they met again for lunch Tony was in a way better mood. He had spent the morning discussing various science projects with some of the guys at the fair and got new input to perfect DUM-E.
"Actually I prefer Tony", the smaller answered and awkwardly shook his hand.
Tony was bored. Some of the hours after Captain Rogers had left he had spent writing a new update for one of the Stark phones enabling a faster emergency-call option. Now he kept gazing over to the half finished project the captain had helped him with and finally pulled out the piece of paper the blonde had handed him. Steve’s handwriting was neat and Tony couldn’t help but smile at the small star scribbled next to the number. Pepper would so grill him for contacting the officer again (as well as sending him an all-access code) but he simply pulled out his phone, added “Cpt. Steve Rogers” as a contact and started typing (which, to be honest, was a bit clumsy, he was used to typing with both his hands, the phone being a bit too big to only use one).
Tony nodded und wrapped his arms around Steve's strong shoulders. Then he felt himself being lifted off the ground.
Several guys from all over the room were staring at her with big eyes. Steve dropped his arm over her shoulder.
It's finished!
Tony drank in big gulps. Carefully Steve lowered him again.
“What, are you still like stuck in the 18th century? Tony Stark is the head of Stark industries. Billionaire, playboy, involved in a lot of scandals, does tech and energy stuff, giant tower in the middle of Manhattan?? My mobile is a Stark-phone!” To prove his point Bucky pulled out his mobile phone sporting a sleek design.
"I don't plan on leaving anytime soon!"
“Good morning”, Steve called and the brunette turned around, flinching and nearly spilling his coffee. Tony’s eyes widened, and a smile formed on his face making him look younger and a lot less exhausted.
Taking a trip to the bathroom to take care of the morning necessity’s left him standing in front of the mirror, brushing his teeth while looking at his reflection. He ran a hand trough his hair, displeased about the greasy look. Also, his normally neatly trimmed goatee was growing into something ugly and unkept. He hated feeling filthy, but even the thought about taking off the brace to shower was painful. Sighing he took a few painkillers, deciding that he might try showering and shaving as soon as they kicked in. For now he would stay in bed, watch stupid shows and wait for the pain to recede.
When he woke the next time, it was Rhodey sitting next to his bed. He was wearing his military uniform and clutching his had in one of his hands. Seeing Tony open his eyes he smiled.
He froze in the door.
Steve was pointing at the jagged scar across his breast.
Steve beamed at him and Tony blushed when he saw how happy his friend got just because he agreed to watch one stupid football game.
“Please??” Puppy eyes were a really unfair weapon and Steve had to admit that the smaller one was proficient in using those. He couldn’t help but notice that Stark’s eyes were, in fact, of a beautiful dark brown color framed by dark lashes.
After what seemed an eternity of the very best kind of research he felt his shoulder acting up again and leaned back in his chair, brows furrowed in pain, then decided to move on to a new project to distract him. This worked pretty well – bless work- till he had to stop since the ringing in his ears was becoming louder and his shoulder felt like it was on fire. Maybe not taking pain killers hadn’t been his best idea but with them he would have never been as productive. Also, he faintly remembered having to clean the wound and change the bandages every few days. This counted as a few days, right? Alright, he could just get it done and hopefully it would help him with the pain. He grabbed fresh bandages from one of the first aid kits in his workshop and made his way over to the small bathroom on this floor. Looking in the mirror he winced. His eyes were sporting dark circles and his goatee was slowly growing to long making it look smeared and unsharp. He really needed to shave! Simply taking off the brace had him whimpering from pain. Wasn’t this supposed to get better? When the sharpness of the pain faded he pulled off his tank top. The bandages stood out in a stark contrast to his tanned body. Slowly he started unwrapping those and couldn’t stop himself from gasping out in small, pathetic moans. God, he wished Pepper were here to help him. The last parts of the fabric were sticking to the wound and he ripped it off with a silent scream. Black spots were beginning to form in front of his vision and he closed his eyes fighting off the dizzy spell. When he had gathered enough strength to continue, he looked into the mirror - the wound didn’t look too bad, it was stitched closed, the skin was a bit orange from the antiseptic but otherwise it actually looked like it was healing. Raising a finger Tony prodded at the flesh.
"Everything hurts," Tony admitted and let out a small whimper. He was starting to feel his body again and all the bruises.
Tony's bed was occupied with variant parts of DUM-E, so Steve decided that it would be easiest, if he slept in his bed.
Steve seemed quite happy.
After half of the film he got up.
Peggy requested Love actually since it was near Christmas, but was shot down quickly enough.
Tony just sent him an angry glare, but Steve didn't notice.
"I don't know, you did the shopping yesterday", Steve answered, opening the fridge and looking inside. There was...fast food, incredible amounts of fast food.
“Hi, Pep…”, he mumbled, his throat feeling raw, “getting shot sucks!”
Steve felt his forehead and sighed. Tony still had a light fever but at least he had managed to sit up on his own this time. He grabbed the spoon for Tony.
He pointed at Steves foot. Steve looked down slowly. He had stepped on something, something with a dark brown frame. Shit! Those were...
“You know the police called me”, Pepper told him while putting the shoulder brace back on. She was way better at this than he was.
“Alright, alright, no hospital then”
Tony tried and failed, so Steve carefully lifted his upper body and then held the painkillers in front of Tony's face.
As it turned out Settlers was fun, easy and Tony completely dominated the game, his business skill coming in handy. He found himself enjoying it a lot, the games were fun, and Steve’s friends were friendly and outgoing though never boring, since they were bickering nonstop. The lot of snacks was slowly vanishing and after Tony won the first round Sam demanded a revanche. This round everyone teamed up on Tony but using his skills in bribing and blackmailing he still won.
"So, how are you doing?" Steve asked sliding into bed next to his boyfriend. He gave him a small peck on the forehead.
“It’s fine..”, he managed to say, “as you can see I’m alright. M’sorry for you having to deal with this.”
“I don’t know”, the voice sounded panicked and Steve heard some voice in the background.
"Of course, chocolate tastes always awesome." Tony answered.
“Six months…probably. Look, I’m really sorry.”
“Yes Sir, you are speaking to Lieutenant Barnes” Bucky took over the radio unit.
"What do you want, Hammer", Tony snapped.
"Cooking sounds awesome." Steve answered, "you in, Tony?"
“He told me he just has to ask you a few questions for the protocol he is writing on the incident”, Pepper answered, “Come on, Tony, help this young man like he helped you.”
When he woke again he didn’t know what time it was with no windows in his workshop, the neon light staying the same all day (and night) long. Tony still felt awful, his nap had been short, and he didn’t feel any better at all if not worse. Hopefully Steve would come soon to distract him from his self-pitying. When the engineer made his way over to the coffee machine he could feel his legs shaking. Maybe he really needed to lay everything down for a few days, but the thought alone made panic rise in his throat. No, work, work was the only thing distracting him enough to help him pass this awful time. He would heal in no time and Stark men didn’t hide from pain, they embraced it.
The moment Tony left his phone chimed.
me, punk. Just get your guy.”
“Tony, look at me. That’s good. I’m helping you to sit up okay? Can you tell me what hurts?”
But still, what had out him in such a good mood? Had he really gotten himself a girlfriend? Steve wasn't sure what to think about it, but as long as Tony was happy.
"Greeeat!" Tony sighed, "Blackout on the first day. At least they waited till the pizza was ready."
“You know, since we’re going to change your wrappings, you might as well take a shower or a bath before that.”, he told the brunette.
"That's it. Were going to the hospital, no more arguing.
“Look Tony, I’m getting deployed again. I’m sorry”, Rhodey told him in a pained voice. Tony simply nodded. He knew of Rhodey of military duty – hated it - but he wasn’t ready to let his friend go so soon.
He started dressing up. After all it was really cold outside and he really liked the jacket he had got from Steve. Mainly because it smelled like him. He could have easily gotten himself a better fitting and warmer jacket, but he liked this one.
"Well, my glasses are kind of covered in snow." He answered.
“Good evening Captain, you would be of great help if you could arrest that thug over there”
"Yeah", Steve mumbled, "Peggy and I just broke up...well, we both decided it was better this way and that we will stay friends. But I still feel bad. You know, I didn't even love her and still I feel bad!"
"Is it snowing?" The others stared at him with big eyes.
“Morning”, he muttered and continued watching videos on his smartphone. Steve helped himself to a bowl of cereal and sat down facing his best friend.
“Deal”, Steve answered.
"So, are you planning on joining any clubs?" Steve asked, smiling at the others.
At least it was a science fair and since no one of the others liked science it would be just him and Bruce. No Steve. No Peggy.
Tony blushed in a dark red and angrily pushed up his glasses. What looked kind of pathetic, because they just wobbled a little thanks to the duct tape holding everything together.
“Oh, shut up. You’ll like him. He’s nice..”
Tony felt his cheeks heating up with embarrassment. Steve started laughing, almost spilling the soup. Still laughing he picked up the glasses and handed them to Tony.
"Night..."
Finally Peggy broke the silence.
"Well, asshole, I think even your nut-sized brain should be able to comprehend the fact that you just ran me over like a fucking bulldozer!"
"You!"
After a few minutes Tony’s breathing slowed down and he opened his eyes to look at Steve. His skin was flecked with red spots, his cheeks as well as Steve’s t-shirt wet with tears, but at least he wasn’t hyperventilating anymore.
“Uhm, yeah, well…the internet sure was kind to you, though”, he answered, the blush slowly fading from his face, “Mr. kitten-rescuer and local hero.”
“Uhm…alright, that would be great”, he finally managed to stutter, hating himself for that as soon as the words left his mouth. Thankfully Steve helped him out of the brace without further comments though the smirk never left his face.
“What do they want?”, he sighed. Right now he didn’t want to deal with anything; the least being some police officers asking stupid questions.
Also from next weekend on I'll be on vacation for two weeks :D Sadly that means no new chapters till I'm back.
"Hey, look, I'm sorry for running you over this morning. Are you alright? I just was in a real hurry"; Steve explained, scratching his head awkwardly. The glare on the others face softened a little.
“Come on, you should just fuck already. I can’t stand your pining any more”, Buck whined. His head was laying on the kitchen table, his hair still a full bed head. Steve was standing at the stove, making some eggs and bacon for breakfast.
"Don't care! I'm going back to bed."
Steve knocked and waited. No answer, he knocked again. Finally the music was turned off and someone opened the door.
Despite his promise to get out some more Tony buried himself in work the next week. The teachers were passing out homework like it was a treat. He didn't even come home before midnight most days.
"Um, yeah..."
“I don’t think this is a good idea”, Steve answered and saw the brunettes face fall. This was for the best, he reminded himself. Just not to rush anything, also Bucky would be waiting for him “You know, I have food at home and I promised my roommate to cook today.”
I'm sorry for keeping you waiting for so long. I just had a few very stressful weeks at work.
(See the end of the chapter for
He took a long sip from the water glass next to his plate.
When he woke again he had missed an entire morning of watching TV, since he clearly fell asleep again mere seconds after going back to bed. By now the pain was reduced to a faint unpleasantness, but his discomfort with his body had grown. After taking a few minutes to wake up, he once again made his way to the bathroom and clumsily wet his face, using his left hand. Water drops were running through the abomination that had once been his goatee and he grabbed both shaving cream and a razor from one of the cupboards.
“Everything alright?”
Tony sounded sleepy.
“Tony, no. Go bother someone else. Hey, you have a whole company of people working for you.”
"Another Whiskey", he told the barkeeper.
“Don’t talk about Clint, Clint is stupid.”, Bucky grumbled.
"Yes", Steve smiled. He set down the tray on Tony's lap, "Do you need help?"
“So I heard you have to write a nice little report about our special meeting. Let’s just sit down and I’m all yours!”
Suddenly something cold touched him. He slowly looked up. It had started snowing.
"Steve has told me a lot about you, too.", he shrugged, "I'm happy he has found himself such a sweet girlfriend."
Steve paled. What had he done?
---------
"Sorry! Didn't see you there!" He apologized. "What were you doing on the floor anyway?"
He cracked open the door to Tony's room.
"Wait, what are you doing here?" The other guy snapped. "I didn't sign up for living together with a human dorito."
"Hey! What about me?" Peggy pouted.
"So how was your first day?" Steve asked.
"Bah! Warm coke!" Hammer grimaced and before Tony could even react he emptied his cup over his head. Asshole!
Hopefully Steve would like it. Okay, Steve had to like it, since it was awesome and made by Tony!
"That's just basic physics. You should have learned that in high school!"
"Stop flirting!" Natasha called.
Tony decided that probably Bruce wasn't that awesome... and that he was probably right. He hadn't showered for days, since he avoided meeting Steve.
"No. I'm just telling the truth", Tony spat. Hammers face was getting red and he turned around.
“I’m sorry I already wasted so much of your time, Captain”, Stark sputtered, looking at the clock. “I tend to get carried away when working on stuff. Since you helped me a ton, I would love to invite you to some fancy restaurant.”
(See the end of the chapter for
I hope you enjoyed it!
"Maybe." (Tony)
He didn't want to disappoint the others so he really had to hurry.
Tony had to grin. Maybe he should really go.
Shaving with your weak hand proved pretty difficult and half an hour later he tossed the razor into the tub with a strangled shout. God, he looked worse by now, with his entire face covered in a half-shaved beard with one or two faint cuts on his cheeks. His standard goatee was nowhere to be seen. Pepper, who had helped him shave after being released from the hospital, was half across the country and he didn’t want to show his face to Steve, when he looked like this. The blonde would probably flee the room or…something.
The bell chimed and Tony let out a soft groan. He had just wasted one of his precious lonely hours on thinking about Steve Rogers.
“No, your paper work is fine. Our department just got a donation from Stark industries under one condition – I am to send you over to the Stark tower”, Fury raised an eyebrow. “Can you explain this to me?”
"Stop it! I'm fine! I just need my glasses!"
“Got a distress signal near your location” they heard the voice of their friend and colleague Natasha who was on radio duty that night, “gonna put it through!”
Inside he sat down on the bed. Well, this was really complicated. He had never been the person to become friendly with someone. Hence, the only contact he ever had to other people was to his butler and at press conferences, where he had to smile and act like the good heir to Stark industries.
As it turned out Steve was amazing at this and the soft touch of his fingers faintly guiding Tony’s head to turn in the right direction for shaving the sharp lines of his defined goatee, left his skin tingling with want.
They stayed silent for some time.
"You should take it easy today, you still fainted", Steve told him. Tony finally looked at Steve's face and saw a small plaster taped over his nose. The last time he had seen that face it was covered... stop thinking, stop thinking. He felt his legs going weak again.
“Thank you, officer”, the other guy smiled, lowering his shaking hand that had been holding the gun. Then Steve saw his eyes swim out of focus and turn back into his head. He jumped forward, trying to catch the unconscious man and felt some sticky and hot liquid soaking his fingers. How long exactly had suit-guy been sitting here, bleeding while pointing a gun at the thief? The blonde gave the thug a long glance then pulled out the walkie talkie.
"So, you're Anthony, right?" Steve asked. "I'm Steve; Steve Rogers." He held out a hand.
“Captain Rogers, I’m so happy to see you”, Stark approached him and patted him on his arm.
Half an hour later Steve was standing in front of Stark tower again; again waiting for Stark’s PA to fetch him. He felt like a dog. Bucky once had told him that Steve was like a golden retriever – happy to serve without complaining - and right now he sure felt this way. Finally, Mrs. Potts appeared in the entrance.
