Dean’s face lit up with joy and Cas helped him up. He grabbed Cas’s face in his hands. He felt a smile form on his face. Cas smiled back at him and they stayed there for what must have been a few seconds but felt like an eternity.
It looked as if that statement had given Dean a reality check and he said “Yes of course, but I’m not sure why you sound so scared to say it. I would love for you to settle down with someone as great as Eileen, I still think that she could do better but if this is what you both want. I will be supportive, also it’s not like we’ll never see each other again, just less and besides I could take a break from finding all my food replaced by rabbit food everytime I open the fridge.”
“Dean please just tell me the truth, you have been acting shifty about this case from the start. I mean come on, you even refused to stop driving even though I promised we would eat some pie and now you don’t even want to take weapons in there? What are you not telling me?”
Suddenly a young woman stepped out of the shadows. Her long red hair was sticking out of the hood that she was wearing which mostly concealed her face. “Hello, Sam and Dean Winchester and here I was thinking you wouldn’t show up, so have you done what you promised?.” she said in an odd accent that Dean could only describe as somewhat European.
She stopped walking and stood still for a few seconds. “So imagine my surprise when suddenly a note appeared on my table. The person writing claiming they were Dean Winchester looking for a favour, after we talked about it for a while we agreed. If he destroyed all of the information the Men of Letters had on us, including the spell and since we are all here now. I think that he did”
As Charlie grew older she was more adamant of becoming a hunter whilst Henry would much rather live a quiet life. Sam and Eileen tried to help the both of them as best as they could in achieving their goals and despite being completely different Charlie and Henry were extremely close.
Dean pointed towards Miracle who was still standing next to the table where Sam was sitting. “They willingly accepted to take care of him when he needs a place to go when we are hunting.” Sam looked genuinely surprised that Dean had put so much effort into this. Sure they were looking for a place for Miracle to stay when they were hunting but they only truly talked about it once. So it was surprising that he took action so quickly.
“However,  I am willing to make a deal.” Dean’s face paled when they said that, a deal had gotten Cas into this mess, he wouldn’t make the same mistake.
Dean was about to open his mouth but Max beat him to it “This is Miracle. Stacy and I promised we would take care of him if they would go hunting monsters.”
“Max? Who’s that” a boy walked up to the door. After a few seconds Dean was able to recognise him. It was Eliot, the boy who had apparently been Jack’s best friend for about 5 hours before Jack accidentally hurt Stacey. “Oh, hello Dean and…” he looked at Miracle
Later on in their life they got another child. A son this time, Eileen had asked whether or not Sam wanted to name him after his father but Sam refused. He had a better name in mind, Henry after his grandfather and Garth to return the favour of Garth naming his child after him.
“Well you and her were really close before all of it went down you know. So I was just curious as to why she hasn’t been around here, please don’t tell me there’s been trouble in paradise.”
“Don’t worry about it Cas. Chuck has been dealt with.” Calm set in on Cas’s face. “I’m glad you’re back.” Sam said as he moved to hug Cas.
“You amuse me, Dean Winchester, even if you managed to kill me, what do you think would happen to this place? With me gone, there is no Empty for angels and demons to go. Your precious Castiel would disappear forever too.” they laughed and looked at Dean with amusement that came from seeing him struggle.
A few seconds passed and nothing happened. They were still sitting there in the emptiness, “Come on! I did what you asked, you need to keep your end of the deal!” Dean swore he could hear a defeated sigh coming from the endless darkness.
Something like realisation seemed to hit Cas, “Dean, you shouldn’t be here. The Empty… it’s not a space safe for humans. You have to go protect yourself.”
Something shifted in Cas’s face, almost realising that this wasn’t right, but before either one of them could say anything, the scenery changed again. This time it was a place that Dean did recognise.
Jack pointed towards a road where the Impala suddenly appeared, after a small drive they arrived at what seemed to be Harvelle’s roadhouse. Inside was everybody that they had lost along the way, Bobby, Jo, Ellen, Ash, Charlie, Kevin everyone…
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
After all the emptiness around them turned back into the barn where Dean had originally stepped into the portal, Dean let out a sigh of relief as he could still feel Cas’s hand in his own. He looked up and saw Sam staring at him and Cas.
A dead silence erupted throughout the barn and something in Dean’s face broke. There… it was out. A secret that he had been keeping for years now was finally revealed to his brother. Did… did Cas feel this way when he confessed, the sheer amount of fear of finally admitting it was overwhelming to Dean and he couldn’t  bring himself to look up at Sam.
Dean could still remember the day Sam had enthusiastically called him saying that Eileen was pregnant. Dean was overjoyed at the idea of becoming an uncle and Cas was forced to endure his extreme happiness all day long.
At first Dean thought he had gone blind, all he could see was black, everywhere he turned, everywhere he looked it was just black nothingness. The only reassurance he had was that he was still able to see himself.
‘There is no braver action in life than allowing yourself to love’ he thought to himself. He softly smiled, who would have thought that Cas would have made him such a poet. He looked out of the window and saw that he was quickly approaching Max’s house.
“Am I at least close?” Sam gave Dean a more confused and slightly angered look, he knew something was off about this case but it appeared that he had been working with these people or at least had been in contact with them before this.
“I see you have met before, well whatever, all you need to do is say this spell whilst holding out a piece of an angel or a demon before you, it can be a part of them or something that belonged to them. Blood is the preferable option” She walked over to Dean and handed him a paper with a spell.
He remembered John scoffing at some gay couples, he and Dean had seen at a bar one time. John had turned to him and had said “Son, watch out for those people over there. They might just try to give you some unwanted attention.” That and many more homophobic comments caused Dean to shut down any attraction he might have felt towards another man.
When he saw Dean come in, he pointed towards the seat across from him as if ordering Dean to sit down. He walked over to the table and carefully took a seat whilst Sam was giving him one of his ‘We need to talk’ looks.
After he was done chanting, a door appeared before him. It was surrounded by the black goo that was expected from the Empty and looked at it with more determination than ever. ‘alright this is it’ he thought to himself, he gave Sam one last look and stepped into the portal and into the Empty.
Dean swallowed. „Well – um-“, he started, chuckling nervously. „Vampires, I guess? In the end I got staked. Irony, huh?“, he said awkwardly and glanced at the angel before him. For a while Cas didn‘t say anything. Hurt suddenly flashed over his face before it disappeared beneath the cool mask. „It really was for nothing.“, he muttered and turned around. „Enjoy heaven.“,Castiel said quietly and walked away.
This could not be happening.
Dean just saw Cas again and now he was leaving? Fuck if he let that happen. His feet reacted faster than his mind and ran to him. His hand grabbed Cas‘ arm.
This chapter isn't beta-read so please forgive any typos or grammatical stuff ;w;
Sam explained him a little about the history of the wall, how it was built in a whole night and drew a visible border between the two countries, but Dean barely listened, keeping his eye on those soldiers on the other side. The whole place left him with unease although he knew he was safe.
Cas must really hate him.
The city he knew little to nothing about but the fact it had a wall that separated two countries.
Together the five of them entered the bus and with a "Let's go!" from Gabriel they hit the road.
. „Cas.“, he stammered. „We...- we need to talk.“
. Did Cas create this? Dean staggered back, words lost in his mouth at the revelation that his former friend not only died for him, bled for him and now even created
heaven for him without even expecting anything in return. How did he ever deserve someone like Cas? The angel in question just glared at him. „Goodbye, Dean.“, he just said and turned around, walking away once more. Why he didn‘t use his wings, Dean couldn‘t comprehend. His mind was racing anyway, full of thoughts, full of things he could possibly say. But should he really say something? He stared blankly at Cas‘ back, slowly moving away, further from him. That hurt. That distance hurt. Knowing, that when he let Cas go now, he would never see him again.
After defeating Chuck, Jack disappeared, taking all hope with him. There was no possibility to save Cas anymore. Dean knew just the two of them wouldn‘t be able to defeat the Empty, so he tried to continue on with his life. He was glad that he could hide his grief so well. The years have taught him the mastery of charade. Even Sam didn‘t notice a thing and seemingly was happy enough to have his big brother besides him. Blissful ignorance kept him in his sleep, while Dean was screaming inside next door.
As the sun got higher the heat increased. They decided to head back to the house. When the duo arrived they were already drenched in sweat and the bottle of whisky was empty. Dean felt a little drowsy and was pretty sure Cas felt the same, seeing as he stumbled over the stairs up to the terrace. The dark haired fumbled with the door without caring for his shoes and Dean followed him in. Only then they noticed three pairs of eyes staring at them in surprise. “Hey guys!”, Dean waved at them with a wide grin and out of the corner of his view he saw Cas stiffen. Ah yeah. That guy didn’t get along with people. Dean put a hand on Cas’ back and felt the muscles relax. Thankfully it was only Sam, Charlie and Jess. He didn’t really want to have to put up with Gabriel right now. The older Novak was probably still fast asleep. “Dean, where have you been? It’s almost 11 am!”, Sam asked with exasperation in his voice and Dean rolled his eyes. “Dude, I’m old enough to take a walk alone.”, he replied and rubbed his head. Next to him he felt the other man standing around a bit awkwardly. That reminded him that he still had his hand on Cas’ back and quickly removed it, clearing his throat. “Look, I’m tired and I’m gonna take a nap. Don’t you dare wake me up or else I’ll tell Jess here about all the times you whined about a haircut!”, he threatened and saw a small blush creeping up Sam’s neck, while Jess giggled. Charlie hadn’t said anything so far and only smiled during the conversation. When Dean caught her eye, she winked. “Go to bed, Dean. I’ll handle these two.”, the redhead said and Dean shot her a quick thankful grin, before he and Cas finally made their way upstairs, ignoring the hushed whispers down below.
But Cas‘ face fell. Anger mixed with fury and disappointment flashed all through his eyes within the matter of seconds. „Alright, Dean, I got it. You‘re hurt. Get over it.“, he hissed and yanked his shoulder away from Dean‘s hand. „Is there anything else? Because I would like to get back to help Jack. I hope you like your heaven, Dean, since I figured it got all you needed.“.
, Dean thought and shrugged internally. But still, he couldn’t help but feel a bit bad for Castiel. It must’ve been pretty weird when suddenly a few strangers showed up in his house. “So, Dean, you gotta tell me everything about the new Star Wars movie!”, Charlie interrupted his thoughts and he turned to her. She’d been nagging him about it the whole day ever since Dean mentioned that he’d already watched the newest release. By then they’d already moved onto the couches, drinking beer and enjoying the view of the ocean. Quickly forgetting all thoughts of Castiel, he happily chatted with Charlie about their common passion. Gabriel joined in and soon after the three of them found themselves talking about Luke, Han Solo, Darth Vader and all the other characters, trying to rank them from best to worst.
Is it that hard to just stay here and listen to what he has to say?
“Ah.” Sam gave Dean a bitchface which made Dean break out in laughter. “Dude, I’m just kidding. I mean, they’re your friends, right? They are insane enough to hang out with you, so kudos to them!” - “Dean!” - They kept bickering and talking in Sam’s living room until Dean yawned and decided to call it a night. Sam nodded, also yawning, and stood up. “Good night, Dean.”, he said at the door and Dean, who’d already made himself comfortable on the couch smiled. “Night, Sammy.”
He heard Sam say something to that guy but he was already captivated by the interior.  The house was big. It looked much smaller from the outside than it actually was. The whole place was clad in birch wood and white walls, giving it a sense of free space. The bottom floor was an entire room. Kitchen, dining room and living room all together. Huge windows were on one side of the house, giving away the view to the sea and the terrace. Two couches and a smaller table were spread before the windows. The other half of the room was reserved for eating, Dean could see a big table and a huge kitchen. In the middle of the room, at the wall opposite to him, a staircase led to the upper floor.
wasn't awake enough for. Sam laughed and he heard the door close. The steps neared the kitchen so Dean raised his head, trying to seem as the tough cool older brother he'd hoped Sam had painted him as. A smaller guy with nearly as long hair as Sam's and mischievous amber eyes entered the room, followed by his younger brother. The guy, Gabriel, grinned and waved at Dean. "Hiya, older brother of Sam! Hope that coffee is helping.", he said, pointing at Dean's still half full mug. Sam sighed behind him and sent Dean an apologetic look. The older Winchester just raised his eyebrows at Gabriel. "Dude, you need to lower your voice. It's still morning.", he grumbled, already being irritated by the attitude of that guy. Gabriel laughed and then clapped in his hands. "Well, are you both ready or do we need to wait for that princess to finish his coffee?", He said grinning which earned a warning look from Sam and a glare from Dean. He gulped down his coffee ignoring the burn in his throat and stood up. "C' mon, let's go.", he said, looking at the other two men expectantly. Despite Gabriel's annoying demands for some candy the brothers grabbed their bags and left the flat. When they exited the House Gabriel led them to a mini-bus which looked relatively new, but Dean could see that Gabriel didn't exactly take care of the car. It had smudges and some scratches and if Dean were the owner he'd already be working on it. As they walked to the bus Dean noticed two women standing beside it, apparently waiting for them. Typical Sammy. He's exactly the guy who'd be a woman's best friend, exchanging hair products or something.
was here. With Jack. Rebuilding heaven.
Dean Winchester watched the road before him, replaying everything in his life inside his head like one of these blockbusters he‘d always wanted to watch in cinema. The leather on Baby‘s wheel felt soft and comforting as he drove on.
room?”, he asked in amazement and Cas just shrugged. “Yes, Dean.”, the darkhaired just replied and went to a small cabinet. Next to it stood a huge desk accompanied by shelves lining on the wall. While Cas prepared a drink Dean took the time to look around even more. The wall opposite of the door was completely torn out and replaced with windows. The light from the room was reflected in the glass so he couldn’t exactly see what the view was, but Dean was pretty sure it was the sea. Just like himself, Cas apparently had a fascination with it. The only wall that wasn’t completely covered in shelves (and one wardrobe) was white and and stacked with a few paintings. Dean didn’t care much for art but he noticed a small chain of seashells among it and Dean wondered if Cas made it himself. Right next to Dean a king-sized bed was placed facing the window frame with a small photo frame hanging over it. The whole place was bright and spacey without being too impersonal. There were small things that reminded Dean that a certain man with unnatural blue eyes was living in it. The mess on the desk. The few clothes scattered on the wooden floor. The unmade bed. Small things from the beach. The photo over the bed.
So, that‘s how it‘s gonna be. He was in heaven, stuck here for eternity, running on empty like a broken record. At least Sammy would live on, perhaps find a wife, have children, die of old age. Dean didn‘t know when he‘d see his little brother again. Time moved differently here, Bobby said. How long is it gonna be? Years? Minutes? Seconds?
And if its color reminded him of someone’s eyes - well, Dean was determined to forget that.
Thats why Dean knew. Cas probably lost faith in him. He probably wondered why Dean didn‘t come to save him after all these years. And he was right. Dean was a coward.
. He felt the warmth beneath his fingers through the fabric of the all too familiar trenchcoat.
Dean didn‘t want to think of it right now. Slowly he walked towards the angel, a few feet of distance parting them. What should he say? Why was Cas here? Why did this all happen?
But the angel nodded, brows furrowed in deep thought. „I think so.“, he murmured and Dean‘s heart jumped. „That‘s good. It‘s good. Good.“, Dean stammered, barely comprehensating what is just happening. Cas forgave him. He let out a long breath of relief and took one of Cas‘ hands, intertwining his fingers with Cas‘. Baby steps. Hands. Kisses. They are both new with this. It will probably still take a while to admit these three words for him. „As long as you‘re with me, Cas.“, he said, smiling.
His mind was whirring as he replayed the last moments of his life – too fast, too quick, too cruel. Everything was taken from him but Sam and then he lost him too. And now that he was in heaven, he was supposed to be happy? There were too many things left unsaid and now Dean will never have the chance.
Cas had silently listened to him all the time, watching him intently which made Dean somehow nervous. “Sam can consider himself lucky to have a brother like you.”, he earnestly said with a soft look in his eyes and Dean’s mouth went dry.
The road seemed endless, framed by green trees and golden sunlight. There was no noise but wind rustling in the leaves, the smooth whirring of the black shiny car and the music blaring through the windows.
„You‘re wrong, Cas.“, Dean growled, patience growing thin. „Oh yeah? Well, let me know if you‘re really sure about this!“, Cas snapped, eyes squinting in anger. „I gave you
Dean grinned broadly and pat Sam’s back as he nodded. “I could use a shower. Feelin’ really greasy after that flight.” Sam snorted in reply. “I can smell that, Dean.”, he said in a teasing tone as they walked towards the exit. Dean threw back his head and stared at his brother increduously. “Excuse me?!”, he said and they continued bickering the whole way to the subway. Dean didn’t even really notice much of his surroundings as he was much too focused on the sight of his brother.
The sun was bright and the sky blue. Dean Winchester stared out of the window of the roaring whirring airplane that currently flew him over the Atlantic ocean. He couldn’t hide his amazement at the view of the white clouds flying by in a blur. This is what the world looked like from above, this is what heaven would like if he were a believer. But he was not and so he just admired the beauty of nature. The machinery whirred around him and there were 7 hours left until they finally landed in West-Berlin. But Dean couldn’t sleep. First he was still mesmerized by the sight of the blue ocean beneath him, glittering in the sunlight, and second he was excited to see his little brother again. It’s been over 6 months since Sammy decided to study abroad for two semesters funded on a scholarship. When Dean first heard of his little, yet-too-tall-brother talking excitedly about his plans, his world broke down. Sammy was the only family he had left and now he was leaving him. But as the weeks went on and the date of Sammy’s departure neared, Dean slowly came to terms with it, even working part-time at Bobby’s to save up money for his brother’s stay. And now 6 months passed and despite his fear of heights, he was now sitting in an airplane, flying over the sea. Although he was a bit nervous and didn’t quite trust the machinery, the excitement was bigger.
Although Dean was in heaven, he wasn‘t happy. Even the car didn‘t feel right. Baby was too new, too smooth. The seats and windows were clean, there was no smell of stale beer, no tapes. It all seemed too perfect. Dean knew he should be content. He got Baby, Bobby, Ellen and Jo, his parents. But something was missing. He was torn out of life before he could even live. Leaving his brother alone, not being able to watch him grow. His hands clenched tighter around the wheel and Dean breathed out. He was shaking, tears burning in his eyes. One thought had entered his mind, the thought he‘d tried to banish and ignore and block out. Cas.
A few minutes passed and as soon as Dean heard the click of the door he turned around and grinned at the sight. “Okay, that is pretty cool of you.”, he admitted and pointed to the bottle of whiskey Cas held in one of his hands. The other man just smiled mischievously and sat on the bench, putting off his shoes.
He only noticed as they walked down the stairs to the subway station and then looked around. The air was stale and the lights were dim. He saw a lot of people rushing along as the yellow subway drove into the station. The walls were tiled in a darker orange and graffitis were sprayed on all over the place. Only now he really realized he was in a different country and stopped, trying to take it all in. “Dean, are you okay?”, he heard Sam saying on his right, tearing him out of his paralysis. Dean shook his head and smiled at his brother. “Yeah, dude. I didn’t think Berlin was this full of people though.”, he replied in a light tone. Sam just raised his eyebrows and nodded. “Okay, well.”, he cleared his throat and stepped forward. “It was difficult for me at first, too. I mean, we both haven’t really been in a city this big yet. But you get used to it.”, Sam explained and Dean nodded slowly as he followed his brother down the stairs. Dean was still taking in his surroundings of the strange city as the subway rushed in and startled him. Sam gave him a look and chuckled, stepping in.
Dean knew why Cas didn‘t greet him, when he arrived through the pearly gates. He knew.
Dean couldn’t help but smile at the unspoken promise. The older Winchester entered his room right away and fell straight into bed, sighing at the feel of the soft mattress beneath him. Within a matter of seconds he fell into a deep sleep, dreaming of stars and waves and the color blue, tinted with pink and orange.
These three words echoed in Dean‘s mind. The raspy voice who said them. The hunter swallowed as he drove on. In the days after Cas‘ death he tried to act as normal as possible, avoid Sam‘s worried glances. Only late at night he would drink, he would listen to their mixtape for hours, sitting at the table, running his fingers over the carved name.
"Hey kiddos! Are you ready to head out? I hope you do have that cake for me!",a male voice called in a volume Dean
“Uh, yeah. Well. That’s what brothers do, don’t they?”, Dean replied awkwardly and took another sip from his beer only to notice that it was already empty. Cas apparently noticed it because he stood up and straightened his shirt. “After this talk we deserve a drink, don’t you think?”, he said lightly and Dean’s heart jumped in glee. “Sure! You got a collection?” Cas’ eyes flickered with amusement and he nodded. “As matter of fact I actually do. Let me show you.”, he just said and opened the terrace door, tilting his head. Dean chuckled, stood up and followed Cas in. The house was barely lit and in the spare light Cas led him upstairs to a room at the end of the hallway. When he opened the door he turned on the light and Dean immediately had to blink at the brightness. After his eyes adjusted and he could see around, his jaw went slack.
Bobby said,
Cas didn‘t move, just looking at him with these beautiful blue eyes. He looked just the way he was when he was swallowed by the empty. When he said those wor-
And now Dean was here, in heaven, with Baby on the road. Cas‘ sacrifice had been for nothing.
The car roared as Dean stepped on the gas pedal. He barely noticed the peaceful forest on his side, merging into a blur as the car took on speed. He didn‘t know peace. All he knew was this road, driving on and on in life and death, taking him to a new place as it has always been.
“We’re deeply sorry for coming unannounced.”, Jess started to say and reached out a hand. Now the guy turned and Dean was able to see his face clearly now. He had a strong jawline, messy dark hair and a stubble. And his eyes. They were bright blue, matching the sky. Dean swallowed hard, suddenly feeling goose bumps over his forearms.  The guy looked at Jess and his frown softened. “You are not responsible for my brother’s mistakes.”, he said in that graty voice of his and shook Jess’ hand. “I’m Castiel.”
"Took you long enough!", one of the two ladies called to them with a huge grin on her face. She had bright red curly hair on chin-length and brown eyes, wearing shorts and a top. The other one had long blonde curls and blue-eyes. She looked really pretty, with a cute smile on her round face. "Yeah well, Dean-o here had to finish his coffee!", Gabriel replied and went to the trunk to open it up for them. The brothers dumped their baggage before they walked towards Sam's other friends. The blonde girl immediately hugged Sam, while the redhead waved at Dean. "Hi, I'm Charlie. You must be Dean! Sam has told us a lot about you, but no worries, I won't tell!", She said , winking at Dean. He immediately liked her easy-going attitude and grinned in return. "Ah ,yeah, well. You must have it bad enough to be friends with my brother. If he has your souls or something, I wouldn't be surprised." Charlie laughed and shrugged. Before she could say something, the blonde girl came towards them. "Hi, Dean. It's nice to meet you. I'm Jessica, but you can call me Jess.", she introduced herself with a lovely smile. So that's the girl his brother had a crush on.
The next day Sam showed him a few of his favorite places and of course, his university. They laughed and talked, ate at some restaurant and Dean teased him relentlessly for his nearly perfect German. Time went by so fast that Dean was surprised when it was already late in the evening when they returned to Sam’s apartment. The sun had almost sunk down and soaked the sky in hues of violet and orange. That’s one of the things I’ll miss, Dean thought. He’d never seen as beautiful sunsets as here in Berlin. The so-called Golden Hour left the whole city in a warm glow and softened the otherwise harsh edges of the buildings. The first time Dean saw the city like this he felt an ethereal atmosphere that gave him joy and peace.
The sun shone brightly, not too hot, not too cold, but Dean didn‘t care. He tried to focus on the road before him, feeling Baby purr beneath him as if it was her first ride.
A small tentative smile spread over Cas‘ face and he nodded. „You know I am, Dean.“
The past few hours he and Sam were sitting in the park, watching the sundown for hours in comfortable silence, enjoying the presence of each other. Dean felt sort of in a trance and he felt as if it couldn’t get better than it’s already been. Tomorrow they’d drive to the sea and Dean would meet Sammy’s friends. When they arrived back in Sam’s apartment, Sam called Gabriel who promised them to pick them up around 7 am if he doesn’t snooze his alarm and that the “kiddo” should buy him a huge cake for the drive. Dean frowned at that but Sam just scoffed and rolled his eyes. “Shut up, Gabe. And pick us up, 7 am sharp.”, he replied and Dean could hear laughter on the other side of the line. After they hung up and Sam saw Dean’s raised eyebrows he chuckled. “Don’t worry, Gabe’s pretty alright for a rich guy. He just can be a bit annoying sometimes.” Dean didn’t say much and just kept staring at Sam as if he doubted everything.
It helped a little and as soon as he felt the plane landing ruggedly on the ground he opened his eyes and exhaled in relief. They’ve landed. The flight was over.
A tall man with messy, dark hair clad in a simple white shirt and blue jeans stood in the doorframe and Dean frowned.
From the moment the angel of the lord pulled the righteous man out of hell they were found and changed, hunting and hurting each other until they were lost again. For twelve years they fought against the world and themselves. Then came death and darkness on their shadowed wings, separating them once more. That day in heaven when they met again something set into place like a well-oiled machine. Just like the black car in which the angel and the hunter explored the whole world together in eternity.
After they’d all dried up and showered off the sand from the beach, Sam and Jess prepared a dinner for their friends. The food was delicious and Dean didn’t stop himself from reaching for a second portion. Despite having fun with Sam and his friends all day he couldn’t help but think of another presence ever since they’ve returned to the house. He hasn’t seen Gabriel’s weird little brother since their arrival and wondered where he’s disappeared to.
!" He heard Sam's reply and snorted. Okay,yes, Sam did have a fair point. Dean didn't finish his coffee yet as suddenly the doorbell rang. He decided to stay in the kitchen and sip on his coffee while he heard Sam opening the door.
Dean swallowed hard as he kept his eyes on the grey road, his mind running in circles. The trees went by in a flash of green and brown. The road seemed endless. The music echoed in his ears and he just drove. How much time had passed? Ten, fifteen minutes? Ten, fifteen years on earth?
, Dean! And if this is all you can say, then I don‘t see the need to talk about this!“
Beware, its a long chapter! I just couldn't stop writing the interactions between our two main protagonists!
Castiel turned around, surprise glinting in his blue eyes. „Dean.“, he said calmly, not moving his arm away. Heart racing, Dean slowly removed his hand.
”- “-one is Dean. They’re from America!”, she explained and now Castiel’s gaze fell on the brothers. When their eyes met, Dean’s mouth went dry. How could one’s eyes be
Damn. How much money did Gabriel have? This looks like a place out of Architectural’s Digest!
Okay. Cas
This vacation couldn’t be more amazing. Seriously.
Dean‘s hands clenched to fists and he walked towards him. „You really think I haven‘t thought about this at all? You really think that you mean that little to me? Fuck, Cas. Didn‘t you see that-“, he interrupted himself, hurt washing all over him. His heart was hammering hard in his chest while the other was still glaring at him. „What?“, growled Cas. Dean swallowed and his eyes met Cas‘. Green met Blue. Careful, he laid a hand on Cas‘ shoulder and took a deep breath „I never had the opportunity to reply, Cas.“, he said fiercely, angrily. „You said I could let go of that anger and grief and when you died I couldn‘t. Because I needed you to stay, I needed you here!“. Dean hoped this was enough. He was proud of himself for at least saying something.
When Dean woke up, the room was set in darkness. He could hear traffic noises from a little distance as he stretched and stood up. His whole body felt stiff and greasy as he walked towards the light that was shining through the door frame. Damn, he really needed a shower.
Within an hour he left the plane with shaky legs and made his way to the baggage carousel. As soon as he picked up his ragged duffle bag which was a gift from his father’s he made his way to the exit, looking out for the familiar figure of his brother. It didn’t take him long. Bless Sammy for his size. A grin broke out in Dean’s face as he walked towards Sam who was still looking around. “Hiya, Sammy!”, he called and watched his brother turn around. As Sammy finally caught sight of his older brother, he started grinning from one cheek to another and it was infectious. Dean felt his grin getting wider as he nearly broke into a run and hugged his little-not-so-little brother tight, feeling his lanky body after so long. Sam returned the hug probably just as tightly and they separated with a laugh. “Dude, did your hair get even longer?”, Dean commented with raised eyebrows as he finally took in the sight of his brother standing in front of him. Sam laughed again and shook his head in disbelief. “It’s good to see you too, Dean”, he replied. “Come on, let’s go home.”
After dinner Mary gave him Tupperware container full of leftovers on the way out. Dean opened the Impala door for him while bowing, which made Jimmy chuckle as he slid into the car. The engine revved and the music started playing, Dean tapped away on the top of the steering wheel. Jimmy got lost in content little sighs the fell from his mouth the whole way to his house. But as soon as they arrived he felt nervousness unlike any other. Jimmy hadn’t told his mother where he was planning on going but he hoped she didn’t care about him enough to be mad. That would work out perfectly.
‘If I had a nickel every time I saw someone as beautiful as you, then I’d have five cents.’ Jimmy was flattered, this was the first time he had ever had anyone call him beautiful, joking or not. Though he rather be called handsome he also knew these lines were geared towards women. Jimmy felt a weird pulling sensation.
“So, this is serious then?”
“Oh, I do love that one.” Metatron finally removed his hand, resting it back on his own lap but leering over at Jimmy in its place. His eyes lingered and Jimmy hated the way he could feel his body being caressed…his mother was too busy with her book to even notice the look. It was truly disgusting how good his uncle was at this little game.
He ran to Sam’s room momentarily to steal an empty journal.
They walked in and the hostess greeted them as if they ate there everyday, she only looked slightly confused when her eyes landed on Jimmy but she quickly went back to smiling at them all. She showed them to a booth. Dean slid in, Jimmy following and Sam squeezing in. It was tight, they were packed together and it was extremely uncomfortable pressed between two far larger people. Dean seemed to understand the discomfort and squished his body up against the side of the wall, giving both Jimmy and Sam more room.
Mary came running around the corner, eyes looking expectantly towards Jimmy with a small smile sat on her face. Mary walked up to Jimmy with one hand out, waiting for him to introduce himself.
“Everyone this is Cas, Cas this is everyone,” he sat down and started to munch on his food. Castiel looked worried about something, he was playing around with his food even though he had been so eager to eat earlier. Dean leaned over and put a hand to the side of his face, whispering like a little kid with a secret. “Don’t worry about them, most of them are slobs who accidentally spit out more food than they swallow.”
Dean grabbed his mother gently and directed her back into the living room as he said, “Okay, mom please don’t scare him…” Dean whispered something to his mom while Jimmy and Sam stood in the doorway watching the whole scene, both confused. Mary hugged her son and then Dean walked back into the hallway before leading Jimmy up to his room.
“Stop being such a bitch.”
Jimmy could just picture it now, his mother with her face nested in her hands and his uncle sitting with a comforting hand on her knee. “Naomi…all we can do is hope that he will realize his sins and hope he repents.”
“Fine,” the tone was as sharp as a new blade, and it wounded him slightly. But nevertheless he led Cas to the Impala, making small talk the whole way. Well, one-sided small talk. It seemed that Castiel was too pissed about his blatant disregard for the many rejections, but he couldn’t stop himself from asking again and again.
When they finished dinner Mary and John took the dishes into the kitchen and Jimmy sat at the table and rubbed his stomach while Dean watched him. “Hey you wanna stay a little longer and play a board game?” Dean’s body was completely open towards Jimmy, legs spread and arms wide, this sight stirred something within him but he wasn’t sure what. Jimmy felt dirty…like he need to a nice hot shower to shake whatever Dean had roused in him.
Cas suddenly looked stricken with fear, like Dean had said monsters where real. His eyes were wide and his mouth hung open slightly.  “So we…um met yesterday?”
As time went on and Jimmy fell more and more in love with this missing piece of childhood his body went completely slack against the warm body beneath his. Jimmy would only remember his position whenever Dean wiggled slightly to get more comfortable. But he had no time to think about that…Snape was currently being a right bloody git. Jimmy had even learned a few new words. How educational.
The beautiful soul’s face fell into a state of shock, then shifting to silent horror. His boss’s (as Castiel assumed he was) head snapped to follow the man. Soon matching his horror before rushing after the waiter now taking a platter of bowls out to the dining room. But by the time he got to the doors one of the patrons had already taken a bite. The boss was stunned when he realized the soup wasn’t the correct color.  Rushing over to still bubbling pot he stood there a while, glaring down into the soup like it had murdered his dreams. The other man walked slowly back to the soup also staring at it, spoon still in hand.
“Why can’t you, what will happen?” Dean’s tone was soft and comforting but the question asked was still strong. He was trying so hard to help the man he loved and if that meant keeping him here until they finally talked he would.
Jimmy didn’t know why that had hurt a little. Maybe it was because he didn’t want to be small, fragile, in Dean’s eyes. He wanted to be seen as a man…not a little boy. Sure, Jimmy had noticed the weight gain around his wrists, calves, and hips. It also felt so much nicer to sit down. There wasn’t much he could do to change how Dean saw him at this point in time, or at least how Jimmy though the other perceived him, so he let go of his hurt ego. And as he walked into the middle of Dean’s room, preparing to change, Dean hung around by the door…staring. “Um, Dean, could you leave?”
“Are you okay Cas?” Dean stepped into the doorway, hair still dripping. Apparently his eyes were red.
Leave time:
But still they were close, and Jimmy once again couldn’t help but be overly aware of the heat rolling in waves off of his body. Surprisingly Jimmy barely noticed Sam next to him. Once again, he knew if he thought on it hard enough he might come to some life altering conclusion but the smell of perfectly greasy food emanating from the back of house forced him to concentrate on the menu.
And even if he was extremely uncomfortable with being around a full grown man, around people he didn’t really know at all, he felt more at ease here than in his own house. There was something about this home that made him feel safe, Jimmy wasn’t sure if it was how welcoming the Winchester were, with all their smiles and soft eyes, or if it was the way they all seemed so honest and caring. They accepted him into their home with open arms and were going to feed him, all the while unknowingly keeping him away from his problems.
“Yes,” Jimmy wasn’t sure to what he had just agreed to but it was true. He hadn’t minded as much as he would like to say. Jimmy got out of the car with only a short goodbye, not wanting to promise to anything else he didn’t know the meaning of tonight.
“Why?” Blue eyes were squinted with suspicion.
“Because I’m a sinner! I don’t want her to hurt me any more…to hate me anymore… I want what you have with your mom. Please, just let me have it.” Cas slid to the floor realizing what he had said, finally understanding so much about himself. And being so ashamed he had unleashed this in front of Dean. He is shell shocked, how could he still love her after knowing what he just admitted. The women who gave birth to him both hated him and beat him and yet, still, Castiel longed for her approval, for her love.
“You might as well just give it to him,” Mary thought it was so odd after years of Dean stealing the old leather jacket on the way out the door that John still told him not to take the worn coat.
“Yeah remember it’s a nickname. Man you must have been really fucking high yesterday.” Dean chuckled nervously, not sure if it was okay to talk about the elephant in the room.
Throughout math on Wednesday Dean formulated his plan of attack (well, not attack, never attack). Scratch that, his plan of action. Once he realized getting Castiel to a secluded area to talk would be the only way to attempt to work out whatever was going on. The bell rang and he rushed out of class after Cas, catching up quickly.  Dean felt bad about the startled face now in front of him, but he kept his hand steady on a trench coat covered elbow. Castiel was allowing himself to be taken, Dean was sure to keep his hold feather light, barely herding him to the nearest janitorial closet.
During Friday’s English class Dean started to pass notes Castiel’s way. Silently pleading people to pass the first to Cas, he watched its progress. Unfortunately once it reached him, Castiel ignored the note, placing it in the pocket of his coat.
-.X.-
Not even the after dinner showing of “The Lion King” brought a smile to his face. Not that Jimmy had really been paying any attention to anything other then the movie. It was great.
Jimmy didn’t know whether to answer him but unfortunately he felt the gut-wrenching urge to tell the truth. “Most likely not.” Dean looked so devastated. But Jimmy pulled away and walked to the door, pausing only for a second to say, “Goodbye, Dean,” before going inside.
It was exhilarating to watch the simplest grain grow from the earth, struggling to push through the dirt and then to branch out and grow, just to be plucked from the ground. Taken off to be processed into something else. Everything else. Pasta, bread, seasoning, and everything else down to the coating on medicine. But then to watch humans elevate that processed grain into the masterpiece that was food.  Ingredients combining to make mouth-watering food, and also combining to make inedible garbage…the line at times being incredibly thin between the two. Just a tad too much of one thing or the another turning a possible masterpiece to little more than a child’s wall coloring.
She had obviously seen the scared little boy that he was because Mary cooed that it was okay before telling him that you had to remove three layers of the onion and then cut it. She now knew something was wrong but she didn’t questioned him, just telling him he was doing an amazing job now that he had got it right.
Sure Dean was surprised to find out that Castiel was not what he had imagined but for some reason he felt like he should stick around a little longer. Normally he would never talk to someone who couldn’t accept such things but…there was something about the way Castiel had yet to blow up that intrigued Dean. Castiel sat quietly, eating away at his plate full, listening to every word that everyone said…judging it. But not once opening his mouth to say anything against any of their life choices.
Dean could be crass without realizing it but he was a good man. Honest, painfully so at times, and caring. One day at lunch Sam, Dean’s younger brother, had come to their table (their?) and said he had forgotten his lunch money. Sam then proceeded to ask Dean if he would forgo his ‘second lunch’ so that he could buy his own. Dean handed the younger Winchester his not yet touched plate and told him to just take it. Sam then wondered why his brother had not given him money and Dean explained that he had been buying Castiel lunch as of late. Sam tried so hard to give the food back but Dean said no and then ignored him. It was pretty adorable but Jimmy had felt bad about it. He pushed his plate over to the hungry man next to him, Dean’s stomach growling. Dean kept the plate between them picking at the food and telling Cas to eat as well. Jimmy didn’t feel right about it, he had gone longer then this with no food before…it was no big deal. Dean ended up jabbing some food with his fork and then ‘airplaned’ it into Jimmy’s mouth. He blushed, hard. Yeah, Dean was a good person.
On his way to his house he realized his mother would know that he had skipped a few classes. But it’s not like he wasn’t already used to her disappointment. Jimmy simply ignored the growing unease with each step up the concrete drive, but the extra car in the driveway didn’t help his nausea.
The door was pulled open and he gently pulled Cas in after him. Dean slides down in front of the door, blocking off the exit. It was so damn dark. He could barely see a heaving chest. The heavy intake of air coming from in front of him was troubling. Panic.
Dean had pulled her into his room, sitting down on the bed, eyes completely downcast.  Mary sat down next to him, noticing the distress coming from her son. She hated to see any of her boys this way. And as she pulled him into her bosom he let out a heavy sigh. He would never grow old in her eyes. Dean would always be her little baby boy. Mary rubbed his back, trying to comfort him into telling her what was wrong. They sat like that for a while and she didn’t push, just saying little reassurances.
They introduced “The Little Mermaid” to him after dinner, and now he wanted to yell at his mother for never letting him watch movies…real movies that didn’t have a religious agenda. Jimmy had never thought they could be so good.  Sure everyone had raved about them throughout his school life and he had caught parts of the conversations as he passed by in the hallways but now he wanted to see all of them he could.
Dean went and laid back on his bed, his knees touching the edge of the mattress, his feet rubbing the carpet underneath them. Jimmy stood in front of Dean awkwardly, not really knowing what to do. This was the first time he had really ever been over to anyone’s house, sure he had had play dates when he was younger but they had all been with members of the church. Dean leaned up on his elbows to look at Jimmy, before patting the covers next to him. “Come here.”
The boys piled into the Impala while Mr. and Mrs. Winchester took the van, John asking why he couldn’t join the boys, Mary then told him to stop being a twit. They clearly loved each other very much. And then that thought led him back to the other night, to what Dean had said. The more he thought on those few words the more the proverbial butterflies in his stomach fluttered. The more he thought the more he got used to it. The more he wanted to hear those words, whispered, screamed…moaned. Jimmy blamed it on his long ignored need for someone to care. He was just glad that someone was Dean.  There could be no other explanation to why he was obsessing over it.
Castiel had worked his way from Japan to the United States. Now making it to the last stop in the continental U.S.A, Purgatory. Castiel had heard many good things about the restaurant, but Castiel wasn’t so sure. Also having heard many times that ‘real chefs didn’t serve frozen food,’ that they strived for freshness, he found himself weary of a fine food restaurant that had a whole line of processed frozen foodstuff. But who was he to judge, Castiel was just an idle bystander watching but never participating.
Jimmy was really thankful for Castiel’s consideration. Jimmy also felt bad for him. Since Jimmy wasn’t strong enough he made a whole other person to push his own screwed up memories on. Jimmy made another just to ruin them. It was no wonder Castiel was so fucked up. But time and time again Castiel let Jimmy run away whenever that man was near. Castiel did more for him than his own mother. Sure Castiel didn’t take care of their need to eat or sleep most of the time but he fought the monsters and kept him as clean as possible.
“Boys,” Mary growled, eyes darting between the three and then landing on John for chuckling at the whole thing. His mouth snapped closed, glaring at his sons now. The fight stopped and then both went back to eating, Sam picking at the scraps on his plate. Mary sat down with her own plate finally able to eat. Kick. Elbow. Knee. “Stop it,” she said without looking up at them.
“What time is it?”
There was no one else left in the shop, so he quickly moved around the counter so he could figure out what ‘Dean’ had meant. The only sign that he could think of was the one in the front entryway, and it read:
Castiel looked at him, but it was with the unfocused gaze he had the first time Dean met him. Suddenly a hand was resting on Dean’s knee, giving it a gentle squeeze before softly saying, “I’m sorry.”
This was the best thing he had ever tasted, Jimmy didn’t know what it was but he could eat it every day of his life. The stew was creamy with chunks of beef and mushrooms and went perfectly with the rice. He didn’t even try to control the sounds emanating from himself, Jimmy was too content with the feeling that ran through every inch of his body. From his head to his toes he felt unbelievably happy. Jimmy never wanted to leave.
Castiel walked out of the bathroom, going back around the counter and tying his apron on, sliding his hands into the pockets to reach for his phone. This action was more of a force of habit then anything else, he flipped it around in his grasp. Suddenly it started vibrating, which surprised him. ‘Who could it be?’ Before he pulled it out he looked around the shop to make sure that he wouldn’t be bothering any of the costumers. They all seemed content with their brews so he unlocked the screen, expecting it to be one of his brothers asking for him to bring them something home.  That was a common occurrence since they were all far too lazy to make their own coffee even if they craved it. But it wasn’t who he had expected, the number was unknown to him, the message read, “Umm okay…so, what are you doing?”
He decided not to approach the other after class ended, rather wanting to watch the man scurry around the hallways, avoiding all that came close. It was really so strange and unusual. The more he saw of Castiel’s behavior the more he worried about the man. Something just screamed ‘unstable’ about most of the things he did.
He wanted out but every time he thought it was his last enlistment he was drawn back in, he realized he had nothing else to do. No hopes back home.
“I know but to accuse you, of all people, of…touching him. I have no clue who he is. He is not my child.”
Jimmy leaned on the front door, letting out a little sigh. His mother saw him from the kitchen, she looked to the oven clock and then glared at Jimmy. Apparently he had barely made it back in time.
Castiel sighed in relief, “Ah, yeah.”
“I would too. I will text you later, you must be really busy with work. So bye.” Castiel wondered what exactly ‘later’ meant.
Down to earth, he went once more, letting himself free fall, always trusting his wings to catch him, to claim his vessel. Not even his true vessel. No, he couldn’t bring himself to ask for the use of the body of a young girl. She had so much left to live for. And free will was such a beautiful thing. No, he took the man, which was always the gender he preferred (it made him feel somehow closer to his Father), divorced from his family. Having lost everything but still holding on to his faith. Yes, Jimmy Novak would do.
“It’s…something…on a shingle…” Garth said as the food slid off his fork plopping in the gravy.
The rules where explained to him in the simplest terminology they could muster, they took their football seriously. And off they went, Jimmy was more or less just running around to begin with but John soon tossed him the ball and he ran like wildfire, trying to get to the other side of the yard. Which he did. John whooped and danced about, playfully trash talking his sons and praising his own team.
“Dean, wake up,” Mary was calling to him, forcing him to get up, but it was so damn early. Apparently he had said that last part out loud because Mary quickly said, “There is someone here for you…He’s laying out in the grass.”
Jimmy quickly sat up, the hand that had been resting on his abdomen falling limply to his crotch. He didn’t have time to bother with Dean’s sputters of embarrassment, as he quickly jumped up to join Sam on his couch. “Really?”
“You’re not to blame for this. Metatron tricked you. He manipulated you into doing something you never wanted to do. This.” he pointed towards the sky “was never your plan. You know that right. I understand that you regret what happened but you can’t blame yourself for something which you had no part in. Cas… you need to wake up, you don’t deserve to relive all of this forever.”
Dean started looking at them smugly now “I killed Death twice, I almost killed God and guess what, I will find a way to kill you too.”
“You would be right, had it been under different circumstances. You see the thing that connects Heaven, Hell, Purgatory and the Empty is Death. When they are gone, it becomes a lot easier to come in those spaces, because nobody is defending the gate. We freed Uriel over here just after you killed the first Death. When the second Death arose we were unable to get in again, but we have it on good authority that they are killed as well. So now the gateway should be open freely.”
Olivia decided to stay and help around the bunker when she turned 18. One day she had come into Dean and Cas’s room and said she had found the vampire that had killed her biological parents and that she wanted to hunt it. Cas was hesitant at first but Dean knew this was important to her and let her go.
Ultimately they had all died around the same time, they didn’t even remember who went first but they all went in peace. All of them were greeted in Heaven by Jack who said that he had waited for them and that he had made changes to Heaven.
And then Cas had confessed and it all came crashing down on him. He loved him so much and he never even got to tell him. But if he got him back he wouldn’t hesitate.
Sam sighed to Dean’s comments, “Dean, Eileen hasn’t been around because she’s finishing up hunting.  She says she wants to retire but first do a victory tour. She made an entire bucket list of monsters she wants to hunt one last time.”
And so they lived out the rest of their lives. Until they were old and grey and had fulfilled their apple pie lives.
Sam noticed that something had changed between Dean and Cas or more accurately something was now out in the open for the world to see. He smiled “Finally.”  Sam laughed whilst Dean gave him a bitch glare and Cas gave him one of his signature head tilt ‘I am confused’ looks.
He looked at the spell that was written down on the paper that the woman had given him. He held the coat out in front of him and spoke out the spell loudly.
When Olivia was about 4, Sam had made a comment about Dean and Cas not being married yet which prompted Dean to pop the question. Cas had of course said yes and they married soon afterwards.
“Dean…” Cas said softly, “What did I tell about your stupid selfhatred…”
“No way, you are going to let us both leave. No strings attached.”
Sam was already sitting at a table in the kitchen having some salad on his plate. Dean rolled his eyes at him and walked over to the fridge in order to start baking some bacon. After looking after it for a few minutes he turned around to Sam who was  finishing up his plate. “So how are you and Eileen doing?” Sam started looking at him “Huh?”
Sam opened his mouth to say something but Dean stopped him, “Look Sammy, before you pull a chick flick moment on me where you tell me I should ‘calm down with the hunting because we are free now’, I just want you to know that I also think we should calm down, but I’m not sure why but this case. I feel drawn to it and I promise that after we are done there, I will be more careful”
“Silencing spell. He wouldn’t shut his mouth so we had to do something.” She let out a small laugh. “I assume you want to do the spell here and now. So we will be departing. Oh but before we go, I do want to warn you. We got Uriel out when the Empty was asleep. It might not be as easy with them being awake, but I wish you good luck anyways. Boys, let’s go” and with that the men put the bag back over Uriel’s head and they all walked out of the barn. Leaving Sam and Dean alone to finally talk.
“No problem. Now go do your hunting stuff.” that got a small laugh out of Dean as he turned around and started walking towards Baby.
He carefully grabbed Miracle to put him besides the bed. Miracle gave him those big puppy eyes he had grown to love which meant ‘I wanna stay here a little longer’, Dean looked at him with adoration “Sorry buddy, but we got work today and I’m sure you’re hungry too”
Dean’s favourite moments over the years were the weekly family dinners they had together, Sam, Eileen, Cas, Charlie, Olivia, Henry, himself and sometimes Claire or Jody or Garth came together and just ate together whilst telling each other about that week’s events.
Sam nodded “Well I haven’t found a case yet so we could definitely look into what you found. We might want to hurry up though because the drive might take a long time and we still need to find a place for Miracle to stay.”
Suddenly a noise behind him caused him to turn around, sitting there upon a chair was Meg. She looked at him with annoyance and sighed. “Again, just when I thought I was finally going to get rest one of you screws it up, again.”
Dean gave them a suspicious look, the Empty was not to be trusted, their own agenda was the only thing that they cared about, but… if this was truly a way to get Cas back then maybe he should hear them out. “What does this proposal entail?”
“I’m using this as a point. Don’t worry.” she said irritated. Sam suddenly became very aware that they had not taken any weapons with them inside. If this woman was about to betray them they would have no way of defending themselves. Sam put his body in a defensive state just in case.
For a moment it felt like Cas was looking at him and breaking through the memory but then everything in their surroundings started changing. It was no longer day and there was no snow anywhere in sight.
And since the memory version of him was technically still him could he possibly take his place? Dean focussed on his counterpart and wishing he was in his place. A moment later he felt himself being transported across the room. When he looked above him, he saw Cas standing there with an angel blade above his head.
However it was not all happiness and joy, around 6 years after Dean had gotten Cas out of the Empty and 5 years after Olivia had become a part of their lives. Miracle passed away due to natural causes.
Dean rolled his eyes and said “No, I have something here. How do you even manage to get him to shut up. Last time I saw him, he was still talking about his master plan like crazy.”
“Promise me, Sam…” Sam slowly nodded as if his voice had completely disappeared, Dean brought their foreheads together. “I want you to know that I love you so much.”
Sam saw on Dean’s face that he was becoming tired of hearing her talk. “Alright that makes sense, but I still don’t get it why he came to you for a fa-”
As the years went by life changed a lot for the Winchesters and their family. Eileen had kept herself true to her word and had finished up hunting. Sam and her had married soon after and moved away from the bunker.
Dean suddenly stopped and yelled “Alright, you all can come out now we don’t have any weapons. Let’s settle this.”, Sam gave him a ‘what the hell are you doing’ glance and started looking around as well.
Dean closed his eyes expecting the final blow to land but nothing happened and when he looked up, he saw Cas looking at him with tearful eyes, not at the memory version of him, no he was looking at him.
It suddenly felt like Dean was being violently thrown out of a place. He felt himself once again being transported through space before opening his eyes to emptiness once more. Only this time Cas was besides him and also awake. He pointed towards his neck as if to sign where to cut out his Grace.
“And I’m even more sorry that you were in love with me, because everyone who loves me gets hurt, but that’s why I am here now. I’m here to get you back and when I do, I will never let you go, I will protect you and make sure that you’re happy without having to worry about consequences. Cas… I love you more than you can imagine and if you don’t believe me, kill me now, I deserve it.”
He drove Baby into a parking spot near the house and took Miracle out of the car. Miracle looked a bit confused but walked along with him curiously. Upon reaching Max’s house, he knocked on the door and it was opened by her.
As the years went by Sam, Dean, Cas and Eileen kept getting older and less active. Dean had given up hunting completely after his 60th birthday and Sam and Eileen both ultimately retired from the jobs that they had taken on after they quit hunting.
“Where. Is. He.”
But Cas, like always, had to be the exception. He always went out of his way to save Dean out of love, so now Dean would try and do it in return. Even though deep in his heart, he knew that he would never be able to fully repay Cas for everything he had done.
He looked up from Miracle when he heard Sam walking down the hallway. It was probably a good time to start making breakfast. To be honest he was starving and he wasn’t going to let Sam ruin his breakfast with all of his vegan stuff. He wanted bacon and eggs not some rabbit food that his brother would obviously be eating regardless of what Dean cooked.
Dean meanwhile was processing the proposal… So either he got Cas back unharmed, but human or he would be forced to be seperated from Cas for forever. The answer would seem so obvious, but would Cas be okay with being human.
She had come home a few days later and said she did it and that she could finally get closure. Henry turned 18, two years later and went off to law school, trying to complete the dream Sam never could.
She continued speaking “But when the Men of Letters were slaughtered in 1958, we decided to stop with everything, we went into hiding and decided to only continue once we knew that there was no direct threat. We continued a year later, but now we did it more calmly, no  more hurting people just for a bit of research, and since then we’ve kept quiet. We don’t want any attention from anyone, no hunters, no monsters and especially no Men of Letters.”
“ISN’T IT!”
After Cas was taken, Dean was broken and left with a bunch of feelings that he had never addressed before. His slow realisation that he loved Cas back was met with a pile of bad memories from his youth.
“No Sam, this is not a matter of we. I am going to do this alone. I have to be the one to fix this.” He looked at Sam more determined than ever. Like he was not about to put himself into mortal danger in order to save somebody else.
Twila giggled, “you’ve got enough siblings to know it’s not mom’s first rodeo.”
“Yes,” Dean squeaked. This wasn’t about past mates. This was about them. It was time to shift the conversation. “Do you want to bred me alpha?” He sounded like a squeaky toy by the end of the question. He was so nervous he was starting to sweat. But it was a good kinda nervous- the anticipation of good things kind.
“I’m assuming you made it out of the party without being raped.” The last word that left Castiel’s lips was a whisper. It was a reality, a horrible truth that happened to a lot of omegas who weren’t careful. A firm alpha voice could break the firmest no.
Dean nodded his head as he started to breathe in through his nose and out through his mouth.
“They might disown us.” Suzy laughed.
Dean felt a shiver from from head and to toe. “Stop before I present in the park in front of our seventeen pups,” he breathlessly warned. Unfortunately, there was no saving them from biology. But, none of that mattered when it came to police reports, and explaining things to family. “You know what… I think we could look at one another make a pup,” he teased.
“A statue of a very well endowed wolf.” Just because you couldn’t see the roll of Dean’s eyes didn’t mean you couldn’t hear it. “It’s stuffed in the way, way back of a closet. I only put it out when they come for dinner.” Now a grin could be heard. “Makes it interesting when there’s other guests as well.”
Having expected to do this as well, Castiel gave Kenny a confused look. It was in that moment of looking up he saw Dean had a look much like the buck had earlier when he’d cornered him to work him toward the snare. He handed the knife to Kenny and took off the gloves.
* Donatello can either be some random person or he can be the one from the tv series. Other than having one more planned appearance he’s not that important of a character to this story.
Castiel pushed his chair back and pulled Dean into his lap. He rubbed his shoulders and snuffled along the back of his neck. “No one got arrested,” he chuckled. “Shit happens. Unfortunately, it’s just happening to our sixteen year old Amelia.” He sighed.
Dean motioned him inside. “They’re half way to nineteen. It’s not my business to tell them what they can and cannot do. It’s up to them.” He closed the door behind him. “This is Castiel my mate, police chief Fitzgerald, and fire chief Ketch.” He motioned respectively to the corresponding alpha. “They aren’t the only alphas in house you’ll have to contend with if you do something foolish.” With that said he left for the study.
Dean glanced over his shoulder. “This isn’t some new home. It’s lived in.” He hissed. “Setting all that aside, you’ve disrespected my space by allowing others into it that I don’t know and didn’t approve of.” He didn’t let go of the gift. He discreetly sniffed it. He then went back to ignoring Castiel.
Dean cleared his throat to get their attention. “Who cares who wins. Who’s thirsty?”
“Bit much.” Castiel squeezed his eyes shut as he let out a series of sneezes. “I meant to tell you earlier. Remember when I mentioned there was an estate auction?” He pulled Dean to him and buried his nose in the juncture between neck and shoulder. His fingers gently traipsed up and down his back.
There had been a good bit of providers complex going around. Every omega in the house had received gifts from useless things like rocks and shinnies to useful things like food to blankets… piles of lint- the younger alphas insisted it made for soft bedding. The rocks and other useless things might have been humorous if the omegas weren’t reciprocating with dental floss, new tooth brushes, books, etc. It came down to trinket giving. These were brothers and sisters coping with internal instincts to take care of mates they didn’t have- so, instead it got focused on family.
* Dean purrs a lot… with eight kids it’s kinda just a habit at this point. Like a bandaid or cure all. Castiel isn’t complaining, matter of fact he likes it.
Kenny yipped like a newborn pup. He pawed feebly at the fingers that gripped him like a vice. Dug his heels best he could. His struggling was pointless against Castiel’s hold. There was no getting out of it, or turning things around. “This is your fault,” he snarled.
“Obviously other than a mobile home I haven’t a home to give. Also, there’s the fact that probably all I’d find was a hovel and that wouldn’t even come remotely close to what we would need. As long as you’re not going to reject me or think less of me I’ll except the proposal.” Castiel leaned back in the booth. Finding a suitable bed for this home to present to his omega wouldn’t be an easy task. It could be, but he wasn’t going to be cheap or take the easy way out and present him with just a mattress and box spring paired with a simple head and foot board.
“Cars all fixed Uncle Bobby,” Charlie chirped. “You did that on purpose didn’t you?”
“I suppose,” Castiel motioned to the table, “but we’re having dinner.”
Kenny nodded his head.
Charlie squeaked and covered her face. She hurried toward the door before she could get soaked. “Worst alpha!” She teased. She stuck her tongue out before leaving him.
“Nathan your stepmom-“
Twila stroked Nathan’s back and cooed. She pulled him into her lap and brought his face to her chest. She’d done this so many times that it came naturally.
Betty slid up behind Frank and wrapped her arms around him tightly. She nuzzled him behind the ear.
Castiel sensing a change in smell buried his face in the crook of Dean’s neck. It was as if he’d sprinkled himself into Dean’s skin and if somehow that with some vanilla and clove could make a cake… that’s what he smelled like. He could gain five pounds on the cake like scent that now permeated the air around them. He knew he was where he was meant to be. He was his and vise versa. “Mine,” he growled possessively.
They both ignored the buzz of the cell phone indicating a phone call followed by a voice message then a text message. What would they have said anyways? I’m busy eating your moms ass / sucking your dads cock… I’ll call back in ten minutes? Because that was most assuredly not going on their voice mail. Absolutely not. Even though with the way things were going maybe it should.
“You make the worst alpha,” Charlie teased her brother Kenny as she lick spit her hand to flatten his cowlick. “If this was a date you’d be considered a ragamuffin.”
Castiel slid into the booth of the motor home. It had been a long but productive day. “I’ve got it all worked out with Donatello and the moving company and everything will arrive two days after us.”
“Making them in a bed is just as good I would think.” Claire said.
Dean’s response was a squeak as he made it easier for Castiel. His head lulled back as he ran his fingers through his hair.
“Is there a house big enough in the area for… all of us?”
“I’m either nauseous or praying.” Frank frowned.
“I like an omega who can run an orderly home and who knows how to press all the right buttons,” Castiel countered. Seeing him eat bits of his dinner he decided to do the same. The last thing he wanted to do was insult the cook of the diner.
“I appreciate you all but you do know there are other chocolate covered goodies if this isn’t to your liking.” Frank grinned and pushed a plate toward them.
Dean snorted, “bet that was your fault?” He shook the excessive water off of his hands and reached behind and grabbed Castiel’s cloth covered cock. “This bad boy gets us both in our fair share of trouble,” he purred as he gave it a firm squeeze.
Kenny rolled his eyes. “None of us do. We’ve just all learned how to counter him.”
“I know I’m eighteen years late accepting an invite to Thanksgiving dinner. I hope you’ll forgive me.”
Crowley kept his head held even. “So,” he cleared his throat, “he’s obviously head Omega. Is he shared?” He glanced from alpha to alpha.
Castiel gave a confirming nod. “… it’s been a while,” he admitted to the younger alpha.
“I step away for one minute,” Dean chuckled. He had returned with a couple of pies. “Keep that up and you’ll have me all red from my cheeks to my ears… and you two have no business doing that to me.” He smiled politely at Garth and Arthur. “That’s Castiel’s job… one that isn’t meant for the dinner table. Especially when it’s full of pups.” ‘Who thankfully are keeping their mouths to themselves,” he thought to himself.
“Yeah… I’m… I’m gonna go get some neutralizer… because wow…” Dean snorted. He returned a few seconds later. “Damn I didn’t say stink up the house,” he grumbled. He went to work spraying down every surface until they were both sneezing.
“You know tomatoes are a fruit…” Frank mumbled as he ate one.
“Thanos snapped his fingers and took out half the population. Voldermont did what again?” Amelia supplied.
“Jack and Claire are my oldest. I did something similar as your late mate did. She was a wonderful woman and we made each other very happy. We weren’t naïve, we knew the pregnancy was high risk. She made me promise to choose the pups over her. Hardest thing I ever did and I don’t regret it.” Castiel watched as Dean tugged at his wrist and unbuttoned the sleeve of his dress shirt.
As if the salad would attack Frank, he gave it a death glare. He hugged himself tight. For a moment you would of thought he’d lost the battle the way he looked like he wanted to bolt out of the room.
Before Dean could respond Keith shouted. “I big helper also. I help also!” Despite everyone laughing, he clapped proudly.
Mary nodded her head and without question left to find her brother.
“The same.”
Dean flushed from cheek to ear. “Thanks. With eight pups I’ve had a little practice.”
Castiel’s eyes dropped to the floor.
“Thanks.”
“Yes daddy,” Margaret whistled.
“I admit I’ve let myself go a bit since I’ve retired,” Castiel moaned as he melted into Dean’s touch. Only tensing when he’d hit a particularly sore spot. “Maybe I need to set up a gym, and get back in shape before I can’t keep up with our ambitious pups.”
“Sorry,” Castiel grumbled and pulled Dean closer. “Heaven help us,” he grinned. “You know though if we happen to look a pup into existence at least we’ll know they’ll be gorgeous.”
Marry and John were busy preening themselves and each other.
Anyone tried writing a scene with nineteen characters? It’s nerve wracking making sure no one gets forgotten about. Haha
“Betty and Frank were kinda like this… remember?”
“Promise.” John stood up and went back to his chair.
“They both could have been. Relationships like that can happen. Especially in works of fiction.” Twila smirked.
Castiel pulled Dean as much into his lap as he could. He nuzzled around his neck as he massaged his shoulders. “You feeling okay?”
“Welcome. I just don’t get how you can’t know after living in such a small space for a couple years.”
Alex and Nikki growled, “hey!”
“Well it does.” Charlie turned away and instead turned her attention to Kenny.
Castiel wrapped his arm around Deans waist. “Seems the idea of a group chat prior to today was a success.”
“Do you know how many times I heard that today?”
Amelia overhearing them spoke up, “Betty and I love puzzles and riddles… maybe we could help.”
“Yeah. Not everyone pays me in cash. I’ve got a good number of ‘thanks, I owe you ones’.” Dean chuckled. “Also been given eggs, produce, meat and so on.” He started working down Castiel’s back. “Been well enough off that I didn’t see a reason in just accepting it.”
“Yes,” Castiel squeaked. He couldn’t believe that sound came out of his mouth. There wasn’t any taking it back. He gave a weak smile as he ruffled his sons hair. “Caterpillar.” He managed to say. He’d heard it somewhere in his jumbled mantra of lunch at grandmas.
Arthur, Garth, and Castiel shared a good laugh.
Nathan rinsed his mouth. “I don’t understand.”
“I agree. The younger the more chaotic. Especially diapers and potty training.” Castiel patted his hands dry on his apron. “I know we’ve got some time before we cycle, and there’s no guarantee you’ll catch… but I’m a little nervous having an infant again.”
“Is this who I should be thanking for raising my pup?”
“I’m older than you and also on this hard ass floor,” Castiel smirked and pulled him closer. “I love the way my knot fits.” His finger trailed over Dean’s severely marred mating gland. There was nothing gentle or loving about any of the bites that he could see.
“One alpha. One omega.” Kenny said hugging Nathan.
Betty looked at them both, this time with a bit more confidence. She squeezed Frank’s hand. “I’m going to finish this school year. Then get my GED. I’ll have to work twice as hard to be accepted as a marine, but I’m confident.”
Dean leaned over and patted Kenny on the shoulders. “Sitting there like that. You look like him.”
“Take your time dears. I’ll be back in a minute.”
“It’s a large family.” The way Sophia emphasized the word large you’d almost think she was disgusted. She waved at the three of them and headed toward the door.
“Are you sure I’m not dreaming? Because you sound like Suzy Homemaker from a mail order catalog.”
“By the time I could get pills it would be too late…” Dean’s face scrunched up in frustration.
“The difference is that I get to eat you and they don’t.”
Alex brandished her fork, “I suppose but he never ever used an alpha voice.”
“I know. I know. It’s just… I’m not going out for just groceries,” Dean chewed on his lip. He watched as Jack picked up Nathan. “If you need anything, and I mean anything, call Uncle Sammy.” He wondered if he’d emphasized the word anything enough.
Claire effectively broke up the hug by tickling her brother. “He wants to teach kindergarten or first grade.”
As the proposal was accepted, and reassurances made where necessary Dean started to relax considerably. He playfully sniffed from armpit to chest to crook of neck. He relished in the scent of fresh grass and hot earth when rain first hit and of bits of himself. He thought not only of how good it smelled but of it made him feel. He felt at home, and of comfort. This was who he wanted to be his mate. In a mater of minutes he was purring as he so often did in Castiel’s company.
There was an itch just under all their skin- a want that was so close to a need. They didn’t make it through any conversation without some lewd comment (John was especially randy)… and, once it started it was like a snowball rolling down hill, there was no stopping it until the crash. The moment extra thick cucumbers and jars of sticky honey were bought in combination (and it wasn’t the worst), trips to the grocery store were out the window.
Castiel growled as he grabbed Kenny by the back of the neck. “Your mom said to cool the fuck off!” He dragged the boy toward the back door. Since he didn’t want to listen he was going to give him the garden hose.
Betty pulled Frank flush against her. His back to her chest. She wrapped her arms around him protectively. “Then after nine months the mommy has the pup.”
“Why are you here Crowley?” Dean crossed his arms over his chest. “As you said you’re eighteen years late. It was a one and done remember?”
Garth spoke up. “You know what they say Dean- a police chief is never off duty.”
Dean rolled his eyes. “Flattery isn’t working on me today.” So that he could get a better look at the wallpaper he moved closer. “This cream and blue paisley is beautiful. It matches really well with the darker wood.”
“John certainly keeps things colorful,” Dean chuckled. “John and Mary will be back in a couple days. And Charlie she’ll be here for Christmas- Bobby promised.” A wistful look settled on his face. He wanted to say something along the line of that SoB Crowley better make sure my pups are safe while visiting. He knew Charlie was safe with Bobby. He sighed.
“Me too,” Dean mumbled. The pups were good at cuddling but when it came down to it, it wasn’t the same as this. After a few moments of comfortably scenting and nuzzling one another he let Castiel lead him to the their Master bedroom.
Castiel growled as two of his advantages were taken from him. Speed alone wasn’t going to work. He’d have to be smart if he wanted to catch him. He didn’t know where Dean was leading them but he wanted them back toward the river. Water would slow him down just enough if he had to run in it.
It took Nathan a moment to understand the garble. “No he didn’t. But, he’s the only mom I’ve got now.” He paused before saying sadly, “Not everyone looses a parent to death.”
“Now I know why you pissed me off,” Dean crossed his arms and shot Castiel a look, “so we could have mind blowing make up sex.”
The table made clucking noises for effect.
As angry as Dean wanted to be, he couldn’t find it in him to be. But, he also didn’t want to stand here conversing either. He’d been looking forward to this moment the instant he smelled him, but now he just wanted to get away. He handed the pup over and smiled. “Kristina let’s check out and go make nut bread.”
“Keep Claire and me outa this. Us and our friends were watching Keith, Kristina, and their friends.” Jack said defensively as he held up his hands. The last thing he wanted was his dad alpha anger and voice.
“I’ve seen your work in a good number of magazines. I would love to see it in person, but I’d hate to intrude.” Donatello gave a nervous laugh. “It’s your home now. You raise a family in it.”
Dean looked over his shoulder and grinned. “I know you do but it isn’t going to get Thanksgiving dinner on the table.” He leaned forward just enough to pull a half asleep Castiel toward him. “Later you can show me just how thankful you are for me.” He kissed him playfully
“There’s a bed frame I want to bid on. It’s around the age of this house.” Castiel moved one of his hands to run his fingers through Dean’s hair, and massaged his scalp. There was a rumble in his own chest to compliment Dean’s purr. “As for the room, most of it is in plenty fine. I won’t disrespect your memories and destroy pictures. They instead can be moved else where. I can tell the crib and rocker in the corner is worn with age. It smells of comfort and pride. Let’s refurbish it with some fresh stain and new cushion.”
“Mommy!” Kristina whined as he fussed with her ponytail.
Betty focused on her mom and dad. Under their scrutiny of all traces of confident was alpha gone. She may not of had the physical flattened ears and tucked tail, but she looked it. “It’s all a blur,” she said nervously. “After Uncle Sammy and Garth left Frank was going to head on home. We were kissing goodnight… I was watching him walk away… he was running and I was chasing… we were on the ground…”
Castiel rumbled in response to Dean’s purr. He was sure if they were closer, and he was scenting Dean himself their noises would be complimenting not only the situation but each other. He felt it a bit unfair that he couldn’t nuzzle into him, but didn’t say so- he didn’t advance either. He didn’t want this thin moment of perfection to snap and end. Despite the topics of conversation he was calm. “My second oldest was a friends with benefits… I hate to say it… mutual shared heat and rut mistake. She wanted an abortion but after a lengthy discussion she agreed to have the pup, but was adamant she wanted nothing to do with raising her.” He paused for a moment to think. “I believe that is 22 years, 3 relationships, and nine pups in a nut shell.”
Twila nodded her head, “yes we can.”
Everyone stifled their laughs as they continued to cheer her on.
“You know what else is loose,” Dean huffed. “He never complained. But I’m sure he felt like he could fall in.” He was almost in tears. How had the conversation gotten to here? Why even? He hadn’t even been presented a bed and a renovated room. To late to take it back now.
“Anyways… we’re here. We’re doing it.” Nikki smiled. “If you ignore the bugs, it’s really not that bad,” she said as she sat down on a near by log.
They both glanced at the food when it arrived. Due to the nature of their conversations they had to force polite smiles.
The walk from the door to the motor home was brief and Castiel hadn’t stopped laughing. “You have got to be the most understanding mom.” He held the door of the motor home open for Dean, “after you.”
Castiel rubbed his eyes, scrubbed his face, and scratched his scalp in hopes of waking himself up a bit past zombie mode. “How are you up at,” he glanced at his Apple Watch, “four thirty am, and perky? Like a-”
Dean didn’t care about stopping the drink he was holding from spilling, he shielded his stomach. “Speed walking in the house only!” He hollered. “Someone could get hurt.
“Mines the biggest there is. It’s a fully restored, modern only where necessary twelve room Victorian era home. I’m not opposed to renovating the master or the unused rooms.” Dean nervously chewed on his bottom lip. He loved his home, and couldn’t imagine living anywhere else. But, he knew how important it was for the alpha to provide the home- especially the master bedroom, since it was the heart of the home. The house was the end of the courtship and the begging to forever. Not that they were exactly to the later, but he knew Castiel would want to plan and prepare for when the time did arise.
Castiel dropped the hose in time to grab Kenny’s shoulders and brace himself. “You want to talk about this like a beast!?” He snapped. He found himself being pushed into the side of the house. It worked in his favor as he wasn’t sloshing in the mud that was constantly being created. With everything in him he pushed him forward hard.
“I wanna new brother or sister!” Kristina said with toddler confidence. Her eyes large as she pulled on her shirt.
“Your biological alpha is downstairs and would like to meet you. He wants to do right by you going forward. I’m not forcing you. If you want me to I’ll tell him to leave.” Dean braced himself.
They both exchanged looks and groaned.
Castiel felt his heart skip a beat. He was elated that they’d barely been seated five minutes and Dean was very much interested in him. He watched as he stole a sniff and he decided to risk it as well and do the same. It was even better now that he wasn’t chasing around snatches of vanilla and clove in the grocery store. He subconsciously bit his lip when he wondered what he would think when he told him he had nine pups at home. “You were quite sexy with two pups on your hips yesterday.”
“Is this one of those things that mom would be happy about?” Dawn asked as she rolled the tomato around in her hand as if inspecting it. “You know like brownie points for tying something new.”
“Come and get your cuddles when you’re done.” Kenny heard her holler from down the hall.
Dean went straight faced for a moment. Most of them were home schooled so it certainly was doable. “I-”
“Thank you.” Dean preened. He felt a huge swell of pride for not only himself but for his mate that had passed. This was the house they had restored and made a home… and now he was sharing it with Castiel. That was both scary and exciting. Going forward, they were going to make it their own. “Yes it was originally just that. We had it rezoned to be strictly residential and historical. Occasionally, I’ll have someone from a historical something or other asking for a tour. I’m more than happy to oblige.”
Castiel took one of the blankets from the chase and climbed into bed next to Dean. He draped the blanket over them. “I was a bit presumptuous and put my stuff in here as well.”
“Something like that just more direct.” Nikki pointed out. She held out her hand for a tomato. “You better,” she said to her twin.
“Eventually.” It was the best answer Dean could give. Being seventy Bobby should have retired already, but he hadn’t. Who was he mated to again, the garage? He mentally snorted.
“Okay. So you kept their supplies to a minimum… and, you don’t know if their cycles are a shit show.” Dean gave a thumbs up. “I’ll get with them and do the asking.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John shrugged his shoulders. “I bet even Kristina knows what a condom is for.”
“It’s not the worst thing I’ve eaten.” Kenny said as he reached for something that wasn’t a tomato.
When Eileen came to check on them Dean asked for the check and a couple of boxes. Shortly after they headed out.
Mary and John both glared as they stuck their tongues out at their sister.
They both laughed.
“I only did that once,” John whined. “I was twelve,” he added with a grin. The teasing didn’t bother him, he was used to it.
Anything else they might have had going for them was brought to a halt by a pair of four year olds that came running up to them like torpedos screaming, “check this out”. They’d given one another a look and laughed.
“This Saturday. Work it out with your mom.”
“As said we’re as good as family.” Dean smiled. “Our pups are ambitious,” Dean preened. He moved quickly to seat Castiel before taking his place in the middle of the other omegas. “Nathan wants to be a firefighter… Amelia a detective…” he went down the list based on yesterday’s conversation. “I believe we’ve about got all our bases covered,” he grinned.
“I consider myself the fortunate one.” Castiel couldn’t help the puff of his chest or the smirk on his face. The compliments all around were generous.
Dean shifted nervously. “So why are you here?
“Arthur, Garth make sure you pack enough for the road,” Dean called out when he saw them sneaking toward the door. He was being held up from saying a proper good bye because Frank’s mom had cornered him.
“There aren’t many houses you can walk in and smell home and comfort. You smell one or the other or the couple, maybe even the pups. Dean’s home has always been different. It’s like grandmas house where you’re wrapped up in a warm blanket all cozy like. There’s fresh pie cooling on the counter, and fresh flowers lightly scenting the house. It’s amazing considering how many pups are under one roof.” Arthur said as he drew in a deep breath.
“Then explain it to me!”
“Alright enough, what favour did he ask you people because I still don’t get it and sorry if I’m a bit on edge, but I don’t trust somebody that I don’t know. Especially not those with a record of violence.” Sam finally flipped out. He looked at Dean who just said
Dean gave Cas a small smile and gave him a kiss, Eileen proceeded to kiss Sam as well and so they were all together in heaven. Finally, they had eternal peace.
Cas had given Dean a hug and said "You know, that ‘all dogs go to heaven’ statement that parents put out to calm their children is in fact true. Animals are innocent and don't deserve the cruelty forced upon them, most go off to a special part of heaven for animals only. However I have a feeling Miracle will be waiting for us."
They also both decided to stay in the bunker, Cas said that leaving it alone would increase the risk of somebody finding it and doing something evil with the ancient power the bunker contained. Dean had agreed on one condition, to make the bunker a permanent open place where young hunters could come if they had nowhere else to go.
“Oh, you didn’t tell him. Sam what did your brother tell you in order for you to come here? Wait let me guess, he said we are some threat to the local people and he needs us gone for them to be safe?” An akward pause happened and it was clear from the way she was speaking, that she was smirking.
A drive later, Dean had arrived back at the bunker. Sam had moved from the kitchen to the library table and was clearly waiting for Dean.
When Charlie turned 18 she decided to move to Sioux Falls to go to Claire who was still hunting and join her on hunts. Charlie saying goodbye was hard on Sam and Eileen but they knew it was just a part of parenthood.
“Anyways, we brought you some proof that our way works.” The woman walked over to the man who had a bag over his head and pulled it off.
Dean approached Cas even more kneeling down in front of him, “Cas, this isn’t your fault. You thought you were protecting everyone you loved, yes it ended badly but you had good intentions. I was angry then but now I don’t hold this against you whatsoever. I promise you. Please just snap out of it.”
Dean shook his head but didn’t let go of Cas, “Don’t worry. I-, I made a deal.” Cas’s face turned pale, the memories of his own deal were still freshly burned into his mind. As he started shaking his head in fear of losing Dean.
Dean started looking at her suspiciously “It can’t be this easy. If it was I would’ve figured it out myself.” That got Sam looking up at him with surprise, so Dean had been researching the Empty before this.
And with that they walked out of the barn and towards Baby. Sam offered to drive but Dean said he would be able to himself. Cas let go of his hand and went to sit in the back of the Impala. Sam took his place in the passenger's seat and Dean took his signature drivers position.
Sam sighed “That’s kind of a long story bud.” as he let go off Cas.
Charlie Maura Winchester-Leahy grew up knowing off the Supernatural world but wasn’t forced to hunt, Sam would never force that upon his child as it had been forced upon him and Dean.
So Dean figured they might know something about the Empty. He couldn’t leave Cas there, he just couldn’t.
He paused and looked at Dean once again, as if he hoped that an unsaid apology would flow between them. “She said that after the werewolves, only vampires are left and that she will be done really soon. She talked to me about retiring and said she wants to settle down with someone… that someone being me and don’t worry this isn’t a definite answer and I’ll give it more thought but I think I would like that too.”
Dean looked at them with desperation “Please, I swear to whoever that I will find a way to kill you, if you don’t tell me where he is right now.”
But he had to give Sam a reason to search for them, he couldn’t say that he just wanted to go look for them, because Sam would obviously question him about why. The truth was that there was a rumour that the occultists were experts in the afterlife. They apparently knew everything about Heaven, Hell and Purgatory.
“Simple, I send you into Castiel’s mind and you have to wake him up and convince him to give up his grace. If that happens, I will allow you both to leave without any consequences. If you fail to wake him up, you leave alone and you or anyone of your little friends will never be able to return here. Either way works for me and I will finally be able to sleep again.” The Empty sighed and looked pleased with themselves.
“I think I can partially answer that, your brother contacted us a few days ago and asked for a favour. We asked him one in return. He agreed and now here we are.” Sam still looked as confused as he did before she explained it.
“Come on buddy, we’re going to visit some friends.” and with that he left Sam alone in the kitchen.
Dean stiffened up and looked at her with anger in his eyes. “What is this, this is not part of our deal.” Sam appeared to be concerned as this was clearly not something Dean had expected much less something he himself had.
Last time Cas was human, he was in constant pain, Dean would never want to put Cas through that again, but then again… last time Cas had nowhere to go. Now he would have Dean, Sam and a lot of other people to help and support him.
Sam smiled in relief, his brother’s approval was everything he could have hoped for. “Thank you Dean. Anyways so I looked into the case a bit more and I see potential here but you do know there hasn’t been a report of them doing something violent since 1958. I mean there’s not even a report of a secret hide out or identification of members over the years. What if they are just hunters trying to outlive their old family members' reputations? I mean we had to. It isn't like the Men of Letters were such saints.”
He walked around in what felt like a maze. Dean swore he could feel the negative energy that was coming from every single angel and demon who was forced to sleep and relive bad memories over and over again. He himself began feeling extremely negative, not seeing where to go.
Yes, it had been a stupid mistake that Cas made but Dean understood why he had made it. He thought he was protecting Heaven and Earth and most of all his family. Dean could relate to that. He had forgiven Cas for all of this a long time ago.
“Uhm okay, that’s solved then I guess? But I do want to look into it myself a bit, do you have a few sources where I can read up on the case? You could bring Miracle to Max and Stacy while I’m reading up.”
He carefully put the clock off and started to rub the sleep out of his eyes. He noticed his door slowly opening and in came walking Miracle who jumped on his bed to wish him good morning. Dean started hugging Miracle, this creature had given him so much joy for the short time he had been in his life. He was glad to have that again after what happened with-
It was where they had fought over the angel tablet. He could see a memory version of himself sitting across the room, Cas with an angel blade in hand stalking towards him. Dean came to a realisation. Cas could see and understand the memory version of himself.
He started Baby up and put on one of his cassettes, ‘Carry On My Wayward Son’ started playing loudly through the Impala, “Man, I love this song.” Dean said which earned him a laugh from both Cas and Sam.
The Empty smiled and let out a small laugh “You’re a human, I’m older than time, what could you possibly do to me?”
“Yeah, Cas.”
Food:
“In your dreams,” Dean scoffed as Castiel stood by his side, glancing between the two. For a few moments the two Winchesters were silent, glaring at each other, before finally they broke into fits of laughter and then finally moving on to ask each other how the other’s day had been.
He could feel his own flaccid cock hitting against his thigh, the way the useless flesh hit together was rather disgraceful, not to mention it was uncomfortable. The rough pushing into his body started to speed up. One would think after the many times this had happened his uncle would have built up some stamina, alas it was always quick and rough. Not to say he didn’t love the quickness, it was always over soon after it began. He felt a hand in his hair, nearly ripping out the black, matted down locks. The other was gripping the back of his neck like someone would a cat. ‘
Crowley was sitting with his back to Dean, looking through some papers at his desk before dinner service started. Dean stood stock-still; waiting for five minutes before Crowley finally addressed him. Dean had almost huffed and stormed out but he kept in his impatient tendencies. “Winchester?” It was rhetorical and came out more snarky then curious. “You’re here for the garbage boy position, correct?”
“It’s okay?” Disbelief marred his face, really Dean looked best with a wide smile.
“I want you gone, Castiel.”
The teacher was definitely getting pissed off with his note passing but Dean knew he wouldn’t be able to stop until Castiel opened one of the fucking notes. He had started writing cheesy pick up lines with a few serious questions tossed in, not worrying anymore about what he said because it seemed not to matter.
Dean was just about to answer his brother when his phone went off and his attention was focused on the device in his hands. “Good morning, Dean, how are you?” The sound of Sam moving around into the kitchenette barely registered, he only realized his brother was still in the room when he took Dean’s empty plate and placed them both in the sink.
“Sure,” he needed to stop sounding so excited at Dean offering him more time away from his house. Jimmy knew if the other knew what was happening Dean would realize how filthy he was. Dean was a good man and probably wouldn’t stop being his friend just because of his new found outlook on Jimmy but Jimmy was sure it would make Dean look at him differently, treat him differently. And if there was one thing Jimmy had it was his pride. If Dean was ever to treat him like a helpless child he was sure he would break. Jimmy would fall from the pedestal Dean had place him on and shatter. He knew Dean thought of him as special by the way he had so openly asked him out, despite knowing about the homophobia, and then forgave him and asked Jimmy to come to his house. There was something seriously wrong with the way Dean perceived him. At least that’s what Jimmy thought of the whole situation.
John and Mary left soon after the Impala full of young men arrived. “Money’s on the counter, you know our numbers, try not to burn down the house.” Though she was joking there was some seriousness in her eyes.
A week and half Dean suffered a constant building anxiety, before he decided to act. No longer would he keep away. No matter how mad Cas would be in the moment, it would help in the long run.
The sour soul pulled the other out the back door of the kitchen, Castiel following closely behind. The door was propped open and the rest of the kitchen staff was trying to ignore what was going on, but there was one young man staring, absolutely shocked.
“What’s their name?” It didn’t even sound like a question, it only sounded like an accusation.  He wasn’t even sure what the charges were, Jimmy just knew he was guilty. The flush that reached his ears was only that of shame.
“I will deal with you later,” Crowley spun on his heels and marched out of the kitchen. Winchester looked back over to where Castiel was standing, desperately looking for help.
He just wanted to scream at the screen when he saw how the Dursleys treated poor Harry, Jimmy’s fists clenched. Suddenly there was a reassuring hand resting on his shoulder. He was grateful for the small comfort.
“You can say that to your god-fearing family but you can’t lie to me, Cassie.” He sang before he went back to reading whatever magazine had been forgotten in his lap when Cas burst in.
The door to his room was pushed open, Metatron looming above him. Jimmy’s eyes went as wide as could be, his mouth hanging open slightly and all thoughts he had previous had completely forgotten about.
“Yes, Private Tran,” Dean stood in his formal wear looking around the room at all the letters both waiting to be picked up and waiting to be sent out. Dean had been worried that Sam wouldn’t have time to write now that he was at Stanford and he needed someone to talk to who wasn’t his father, even though he loved the man. So here he was.
“I never asked them if they were.”
“Cas sounds better. What’s he like?”
It was nice of Dean to be so gentle with him, he always was. He didn’t even mind the fact that Dean was on top of him, it all seemed so sweet. A while back he would have freaked out about having anyone this close to him…more likely Castiel would’ve taken over.
When Dean suggested Jimmy go hang in the kitchen with his mother while he took a bath Jimmy was over-joyed. Partly because the ride home with Dean had been horrid; they had to drive with the windows down, but mainly because he enjoyed spending time with Mrs. Winchester. She was kind…and Jimmy couldn’t help but want to be in her presence. So when Dean rushed up the stairs Jimmy confidently walked into the kitchen, having lost all sense of ‘I’m a guest don’t wander.’
“Oh I see, you didn’t seem like the type to just ask to bang like that. And I meant odd in a good way. I like it. Can we at least be friends?”
“I’m Dean, Cas -” the nickname rolled right off the tip of his tongue, and Dean liked how it felt in his mouth. It was much better then just Castiel. But just as he was about to go on, from his momentary stop. Cas cut him off.
Things between them were far more tense then they had been but once again Jimmy told Dean “It’s okay,” as he got out of the Impala. And Dean smiled, understanding exactly what Jimmy had meant. Even if it was all the ran through his mind while he was stuck in the deepest corner of it later that night he still wasn’t really sure what okay meant. Really what all did okay cover?
“That is the single blandest thing I have ever eaten. Water has more flavor than this.”
“Sure,” Castiel didn’t sound so sure in his answer but Dean took it at face value. He started to stroll towards the lunch-room Castiel at his side with his head ducked down and hands stuffed in his pants pockets.
He didn’t want to go to school, he didn’t want to be alive if he was being truthful. But he also didn’t want to be around to his mother all day, so he stuck it out and got dressed as if nothing happened. Continued on like a normal person as if nothing was wrong. Always doing this. Always playing a part, now.
-.X.-
“Hello, Mrs. Winchester, my name is Castiel.” Jimmy grasped her hand, it was soft and small but she had one hell of a grip. She nearly shook his arm off.
He would be the first to admit he should probably stop his constant cooking and eating lust. Get back to his post, his duty. But he couldn’t seem to force himself from the personal heavens of chefs past. Quietly watching and learning from everywhere he could while ignoring his responsibility as an angel of the Lord. Castiel found it cruel of God to leave angels with the inability to experience human elements. Whenever he had visited earth in one of his many trips down, Castiel had always tried to consume human nourishment but it turned to ash in his vessel’s mouth. And not even the ashes of savory woods rubbed into meat to add a new level of smokiness. It was just grace numbing dry ash.
Story:
“He’s a law student. And no I am not a student, but I am flattered that you think I am. What’s your major?” Castiel was shocked to find out that Dean wasn’t a student, and he was even more so because of the implied older age. The man he had meet this morning had looked so young, even though there had been an aged look in his eyes his face hadn’t show it at all. Cas really wanted to know the other’s age now.
His mother gave him big sad eyes everyday after that, Castiel slowly pulling away farther and farther. Dean shared his worries with his mom and Sammy had joked about it in the car…he didn’t know. John was the first to really ask, “Where is Cas?” Dean shook his head and stocked up the stairs. He spent a lot of time in his room worrying now. Mary hinted at it but she was more of the type to be sneaky about her inquires. All Dean’s thoughts were consumed by what he could do, anything to protect Cas and…steal him away? Steal him away. Protect him.
“I know, mom…I want to be there for him.”
The whole drive home Dean could only think about the Castiel he had met on the hill and the Castiel he had met today. Sam kept blabbering on about this girl he had meet in art class in the background, but Dean couldn’t pay enough attention to him to bother with teasing.
Jimmy wasn’t even sure what that meant. A dream about him? He didn’t even want to think about what the person was implying. Jimmy looked around the room, glaring at everyone. But once he noticed Dean Winchester, looking at him with wide eyes and red cheeks, his gaze softened. He pointed down at the note and then to Dean silently asking if it was him. Dean nodded and then rubbed the back of his head in an awkward manner.
“Will you be okay?”
They laid side by side on the bed, staring up at the ceiling, quietly breathing…waiting for the other to start up the conversation. Jimmy felt it his duty to give Dean a break with this. “So, you wanted to talk?”
Dean had read all the articles, going through them with a fine-toothed comb. Making sure to soak up everything they said.
Other Ideas:
Dean looks over to see the bluest eye he had ever seen staring up at the clouds. He raised his body up a little, leaning on his forearm, to get a better look, and they were bluer then he had first imagined. Dean knew he was thinking about the color far too much but he couldn’t help but try to figure out exactly what shade to call it.  He smirked, thinking Cas’ eyes were more pleasing then the sky, “Probably not.” Dean reached over and grabbed the flower now in-between them, placing it over Castiel’s eye gently.
Was the newest one.
And then at the end of the “Chamber of Secrets,” Ginny now safe and sound, Jimmy felt the obsessive need to watch the next one. So many questions, so little time. Though he was glad that as a new fan he would never have to wait a year or so for new movies/books. But then again there would never be more. Jimmy didn’t mean to ask but the words left his mouth before he could process them coming out. “How are the books?” He hadn’t asked anyone in particular, now just hoping for the answer.
“I don’t know…” There was something off about the statement. Obviously Dean knew…but what was she missing? “I think he has MPD, mom, I don’t know what to do.”
“Bumblebees,” Castiel reaffirmed.
The confusion he felt early was now tenfold, “Jimmy?”
Regardless of how Dean felt everyone else seemed to truly enjoy the food, coming back for seconds and everything. Jimmy had the strongest urge to cook for them again. If only he knew how.
“Really,” Sam looked as excited as he felt about the whole thing.
Dean wanted to start a fight with his brother for putting his dream on the line for him, but this wasn’t the place for it and was likely to get them both fired. Dean seemed to be walking on eggshells. “Okay,” he gave his little brother a shoulder squeeze (his way of reassuring him Dean wouldn’t fuck this one up) before making his way into the bathroom. Finally, he got to remove his damn tie (nearly tearing it off), and suit. Dean stared at his body in the mirror, flexing his arms clad only in his boxers and a white undershirt.  He knew he was handsome and wasn’t afraid to be a bit narcissistic. Deciding not to dally anymore he pulled on what Dean could only call kitchen clothes and tried to tie the apron around his waist. It took him a while to get it knotted, not adept in tying things behind his own back. He rolled up his sleeves, gathered up his clothes and left to put them up.
“Time for dinner boys,” Mary was leaning on the doorframe, one hand on her hip and a smug smile on her face. Dean glared at her, luckily for him Castiel couldn’t see the face she was pulling. His mom winked at him before leaving to go and bother Sam.
“The sign,” the tall handsome man said, as if hoping that would make more sense. It didn’t; it only served to confuse Castiel further. “Call me, the name’s Dean.” He strolled away, Castiel watching the leather clad man’s body all the way out the door, bell chiming behind him. For whatever reason, Castiel’s eyes refused to look away despite his feeling of guilt for looking.
“I already asked him out, well one of them. He called me a sinner, I knew he would but…I needed to tell him. And then earlier-“
The hallways had already been cleared, everyone having already moved to their respective areas. They were the only two left, yet Dean suddenly felt claustrophobic.
The older Winchester scoffed and continued eating, finally saying, “Enough with the chick flick moment, I just wanted to let you know that he might be around. “
“Suck it. Do you have a mirror in your pocket, because I can see myself in your pants. Been there, done that. Make sure to tell him it’s rather disappointing.”
Jimmy pulled open the door softly, hoping to avoid his mother and uncle. He then tried to sneak by the living room, shoulders hunched forward in an effort to make himself smaller...less easy to notice. Unfortunately, a confident, “Hello, Jimmy,” came from his uncle who had spotted him during his escape attempt.
Dean held the door open for his new soon to be friend, then pulled Castiel along gently by his wrist to the lunch line. Dean realized his mistake and let go when he felt the tenseness running down the arm in his hand.  He wasn’t sure why Castiel was so uptight about being touched but he did want to find out in the future. The lunch lady rolled her eyes and demanded they tell her what they wanted to eat. Castiel said ‘no thank you’ and Dean’s head shot towards him, remembering how thin Cas was under all those clothes.
“Sorry my name is not Cas.” Castiel was beyond confused; he had already clearly stated that the person on the other end of the phone had had the wrong number, why was he persisting? Assuming it was a guy.
‘I’m new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment.’ Jimmy chuckled at how obvious the question was. Did these really work on real people or were their main purpose to make people laugh? Jimmy thought of Dean writing all these things and couldn’t help the smile that came to his face. He knew they were a bit sexual but he knew that with Dean, even if Jimmy was homophobic, it wasn’t as bad…somehow. He wasn’t sure why but having spent a week hanging around Dean, at lunch and whenever they meet in the hallways, Jimmy was pretty sure he had a good idea of the kind of man Dean was.
A hard slap stings the back of Dean’s hand, the one that had been on its way to hold Cas. He couldn’t be angry about the way Castiel attack him. It was like a caged animal defending himself. The screaming came next, “Why are you doing this?!”
Dean deleted his Internet history. Stupid nosey Sammy couldn’t be trusted.
Dean automatically realized what he was talking about, he scratched at his cheek before shyly confessing, “Well, it bothered you-“
“I’m up-” he groaned, throwing his legs out of the warm covers, shivering at the coldness of his room. Then again only wearing boxers probably didn’t help any. “Mom, what’s for breakfast?”
Dean looked down between them, his hair hitting Jimmy’s face, and turned red as a tomato. Then looking back into Jimmy’s eyes, he was searching for something. Whatever he had thought he would see he did, but apparently it also wasn’t what he wanted.
Suddenly, well before he had realized it, they had arrived home and Sam was forced to get out of the car. And by forced he meant the look Dean had given him had made him want to run and hide under his bed. Sam’s pretty-boy older brother sure could be menacing at times.
A loud gulp came from the breakfast bar behind him before Sam replied. “Sorry, it’s been really good. Anything new with you?” They would always ask the same thing every morning even though nothing usually changed.
“Dean, what did you do,” the young man from earlier was freaking out but Dean just continued to stand there. The other man grabbed him by his shoulder, shaking him. “Dean?”
John came to sit down next to her, grabbing her hand in his, “I left it on his hook.”
As soon as the class was over Dean rushed after Cas, who was trying to make a quick escape, grabbing his arm when he was in reach. Castiel spun, whole body shaking, looking like a deer caught in the headlights. Dean let go of the shaky limb quickly, not understanding the scared look he had caused to be on the man’s face. “I’m sorry…I didn’t-“ Dean didn’t know what he had did wrong or what could fix the situation.
As soon as he was finished he was asked to take out the trash from food prep, which he did with no complaints. Then took post at the sink and started washing dishes as they got dirty through the night. That’s pretty much all Dean did for the first month, every once and a while having to clean up spills. But the work was easy and it paid well. He was even able to pay his bills on time, which was new. Dean could even finally afford more than one bathroom towel.
“Cas, pick a movie!” Dean yelled from the top of the stairs, he was currently on his way to change into pajamas.
“Hey, wanna come to lunch with me?”
“Yeah,” Dean replied while he fumbled slightly with the slippery dish in his hands. He realized he had ignored his brother when he had first asked, he hadn’t meant to but he had been preoccupied with Cas.
“For yesterday,” Castiel said as if it was the most obvious thing in the world. “Well, I’m saying sorry for Jimmy.”
Which it did with a loud, startling yell of, “Get your own, you jerk!”
Dean walked him to the front steps, before spitting out, “I don’t want you to go.”
“But they are good people…” Jimmy knew then that was right were he pushed his mother too far. He couldn’t even blame her for what came next.
Dean wanted to argue that firing his brother for any of his mistakes would be completely unfair, but he was pretty sure any protests would get him the boot. So he bites into his tongue because Dean knew at times it could be traitorous. “Thank you, sir,” was all he said before turning and leaving to go to the staff restroom.
During fourth period Dean Winchester found himself walking outside of the school, strolling up the hill on the backside of the grounds. The fall air was crisp with a slight breeze and leaves crumbled under each step of his boots, Dean had always loved the start of school if only for the feeling of August days. As he got to the top of the hill, looking down on the gentle slope, he noticed another student lying with his hand behind his head. The seemingly young man’s face was covered with what looked to be small sunflowers. Dean noted the oddity of the situation but he nonetheless joined him, thinking this day would be better with someone to talk to.  He plopped down on the green grass, pulling his knees up to his chest, “Hey.”
Dean pulled Jimmy back slightly, making him tense up. It felt weird to have his back pressed up against somebodies chest like this. He could feel Dean’s body expand with every breath and he could help but become conscious with his inhales and exhales. Jimmy accidentally synced up intake of air, freaking himself out slightly. And what was worse was that he could feel Dean’s breath hit the back of his neck. It made him shiver.
By the end of the movie Jimmy practically begged Sam to move his lazy bones to get up and put on the second movie. Being too comfortable to move himself. Unfortunately Dean made him to put a pillow behind his aching back.  Which made Jimmy feel bad momentarily but then he disregarded it. Dean slide farther down, more laying than sitting, forcing Jimmy to follow but in the end this sure did make for a more relaxed position.
“Are you avoiding the question? Go forward, ten more houses on the left,” there was a strange teasing in the question even though he still sounded angry.
The soft thud of the front door slamming rang throughout the whole house, soon followed by heavy footstep making their way up the stairs. Castiel turned his head to face the other way after about two seconds of seeing Metatron leaning against the doorframe. “What a lovely little slut, already laid out like this. Do you not feel any shame begging your own uncle to fuck you?”
“Why didn’t you go into the marines,” Garth piped up.
Dean just looked at them with sympathy, “All I can say is, save our stomachs,” before grimacing and leading Benny to go get their food.
Dean was silent.
“Thank you so much. There was this book club meeting I really wanted to go to, they are reading ‘Absolute Surrender.’” She pulled the book off of the coffee table, the cover was worn and bent as if read a hundred times and then once more. It had always been one of father’s favorites.
“Why are you taking me home? What do you want?” The words were hissed, only slightly, but still the curiosity was true.
Dean always hated math class, it had always been such a pain in his ass. However, now he found there was something good about it after all. Castiel sat only fifteen feet away. Dean was surprised he had never noticed the trench coat clad boy before now. But then again he had never been looking.  And Cas just sat there doing all the work, not speaking to his peers, not raising his hand when the teacher asked questions. It was almost as if he was trying to melt into the background.
Uncle Metatron, always caring, and ever forgiving, as only a man of unabashed faith could be. Looking back on it Jimmy realized that of course his mother wouldn’t have ever believed him when he said her own brother was doing weird things to him in the dead of night or when she wasn’t around. One of the people she loved unconditionally…touching her own child. Of course it wasn’t true. It had been foolish of Jimmy to tell her in the first place. If he could he would go back to when he was nine and sew his mouth shut, never to be opened again, he would.
Sam started to tease Dean about how red his face was, nudging Jimmy and joking about it with him. It was amazing how accepting the Winchesters were. Sure dinner was quieter that evening than usual but it was all Dean’s fault. He stabbed all off his food as if trying to murder it.
Castiel’s thoughts momentarily stop
He scrubbed away at every inch of his body, down to the tops of his feet. When he finally felt like a layer of filth had been removed from the expanse of skin he left the restroom. It was more likely to be the top layer of skin then filth. Filth ran deeper than skin. He tugged on pajamas and pulled off his bed coverings, knowing how much Jimmy hated waking up on dirty sheets. Castiel would have gotten a new set out if he didn’t need to leave the room to get them.
Dean and Sam had been watching Jimmy play Kingdom Hearts again; both snickering at how into the whole experience he got. Jimmy had almost missed how Dean shied away from being physically close but still stayed within Jimmy’s personal space bubble. Though his was arguably bigger than most. Dean also would give him odd little glances, both looking angry and worried, the former not directed at Jimmy personally. He couldn’t even be mad with Dean, even if at one time he would have yelled at someone for the look. Though he was pretty sure it was only okay because it was Dean.
Garth was a tall, lanky, man with an odd handsomeness to him. His sense of humor wasn’t the best but he was a good guy so Dean didn’t mind much, he had already known him since his last enlistment. And then there was Ash who placed a picture of himself with a mullet above the desk first thing when he walked in the door, whispering, “I miss you baby.” But Dean found out he was a genius within two minutes of talking to him, he would probably be working with Charlie on the intelligence team. Dean silently wished him good luck. Because that was one place that was probably the hardest to be on base. Really the safety of everyone and the surrounding villages laid heavily on their shoulders and their ability to find out information.
Dean would be sure to ask about it later.
Luckily for him Dean promised to watch more together as Jimmy got out of the car. Nothing could ruin the high he felt as he drifted up the stairs. Not even his uncle being there alone.
Benny looked confused, “SOS?” The sadist in Dean couldn’t help but be excited to see the look on the rookies face when he tried his dinner.
Dean placed his last pancake on the stack before moving to stand across from his brother, biting his lip softly. He wondered momentarily if he should tell Sam about Cas, not that there was much to tell. Deciding that he should since he tried not to keeping anything from his little brother. Dean had always tried to tell Sam everything, no matter how little the detail. Though there were some things that he kept secret such as the true nature of their father’s drinking problem when they had been younger.
Castiel didn’t even know where he wanted to start. He just wanted to know the other man…anything would do, anything to ease the pull in his chest. He couldn’t even begin to explain the reason behind his want for this strange friendship. “What’s your favorite drink?”
“You were right, that guy’s a royal ass wipe. He said if I messed up you get fired too, what a fucking dick. Anyways, I start tonight, so I gotta go change.” Dean clutched the clothes to his chest.
“Do you wanna come over tomorrow?”
Which had seemed like a stupid thing at the time to Google.
She looked at her son as if he was the dumbest person she had ever meet. “They aren’t part of the church Jimmy, you have been spending far too much time with them. You are already corrupted; there is no need to cause further problems for yourself. More importantly your father wouldn’t approve.”
The notes that now stuffed his pockets were probably filled with nasty words and hurtful phrases. It always made Jimmy laugh at how childish their attempts to rock his sanity were. But finally he had had enough. He was sick of this little game and if they were taking all this time to continue to bug him he might as well read one. He unfolded the paper and was shocked by what it said.
He went straight to his room as soon as they got home to stare up at the ceiling. It always helped him think. And boy did he have a lot to think about.
“Yeah, sorry I just got lost in thought,” Jimmy grabbed the outstretched hand, Dean pulling his body out of the car easily. They walked up the set of stairs that lead to the front door, Sam already inside pulling off his shoes. Dean hung his jacket on a hook directly above the row of shoes, so Jimmy took off his own because it seemed like the right thing to do.
He sputtered and blushed before slamming the door closed on his way out. Jimmy waited ‘til he heard hurried footsteps rushing down the staircase. Then he pulled off his clothes, holding the sweat pants up to his body. Dean seemed so much bigger now. Once the pants were settled on his hips they quickly started to slide down, he pulled the strings until it was tight, securing it. The t-shirt that Dean had handed him smelt exactly like the man. The fabric was soft and hung off his body, Jimmy couldn’t help but to bring it up to his nose to take in the scent. When Jimmy had been on the bed, the first day he had spent the afternoon with the Winchesters, he had noticed the over-whelming smell of old leather, motor oil, and something earthy that screamed Dean. He enjoyed it maybe a little too much.
Mother had book club again today; it had been postponed due to torrential downpour, and she had appointed Uncle Metatron to watch the house while she was away. It must be nice to go gallivanting off to read classic Christian literature.
Jimmy didn’t try to pull out of Dean’s hold, far too transfixed with the warmth of another person without the pain known to him until now. To be touched without it hurting was a rush he hadn’t felt in a while. So, he held on as well. They made their way through the living room and into the dinning area. There was a man who Jimmy could only assume was Mr. Winchester, sitting at the head of the table. Dean pulled him along to stand in front of the man. “This is my Dad, Dad this is Castiel.”
Mrs. Novak let loose a whole-hearted smile, leaning forward to get closer to her brother. “You would do that for me? After all the trouble he has caused?”
They drove back to the Novak household in silence; Dean stealing quick glances the whole way. And when they finally arrived Dean latched onto Jimmy’s hand, reluctant to allow the man to go. Jimmy gave him a sad smile and pulled away, he felt no need to explain the situation, just knowing he needed to go.
He glared at Cas when with the next roll he landed on Park Place and with the next, Boardwalk. Damn lucky bastard. And with that Castiel officially sealed the fate of the game. Of course he won and Dean was slightly peeved at the fact that he had lost but he was beyond happy with how ecstatic Cas was at his new status of house champion. He even got an extra piece of pie.
Jimmy woke up covered in sweat, every inch of his body soaked in it.
“Oh, and don’t talk politics, they don’t agree and it will make them to fight.” Sam jumped in nodding at every word Dean said, they both laughed at the memories of it but Jimmy didn’t see how yelling was something to chuckle at.
‘Your legs must be tired because you’ve been running through my mind all night.’ Jimmy thought back on the first note he had read. That one had defiantly not been one of these silly jokes. Could it be-
Dean pried apart Cas’ fingers so that he could look into those blue eyes, searching for what was wrong. Castiel’s eye darted behind him and he followed the line of sight, landing on Mrs. November. Dean covered Cas’ hand, not wanting the man to see the picture. “I’m sorry…I-“ He wasn’t able to finish what he was going to say, his mind too preoccupied with how kissable Cas’ lips looked. But he didn’t act on his wants…Dean didn’t want to scare Castiel away. He wanted to be able to take what he wanted and Castiel to also want it.
“No, Dean, I have never played a video game.” His mother and father had thought they were the devils work. But then they had liked shows such as Godfather it wasn’t until he was older did he realize that they were hypocrites.
He and Dean end up ordering the same burger, which had not been planned, and Sammy got a salad. They all laughed and joked around while waiting for their food, the conversation coming easily. Mary and John asked him all kinds of questions about himself. Dean sometimes answer the questions for him, which he found both endearing, that Dean had remembered such small things, and annoying since he couldn’t answer on his own.
Dean shook his head knowing what carnage is about to come. He had realized that Private Laffite was a foodie within one meal of being with him when he had complained about the quality of the mustard. They gather their trays and Dean made sure to pick up a bottle of Tabasco sauce to drown his meal in.
“Yeah, earlier he came by but he said his name was Castiel and the person I had been talking to at school was Jimmy. He came to apologize from him. He told me to wait and that Jimmy hadn’t meant it. I don’t know what to do.” Mary held on to him tighter, pulling him closer and continuing to rub circles into his tense back.
He never had felt as proud of Dean as he did now. Feet tight together (despite his bowlegs), back straight, and stiffly saluting to his father. John returned the gesture before muttering, “at ease, private.” Then pulling his son into a crushing hug. Sam stood next to them watching this exchange with teary eyes before placing a hand on his dad’s shoulder and taking his place.
They headed out, Dean and his fireteam, Benny, Garth, and Jo. They are usually just asked to patrol peaceful villages surrounding Kaia, and that was what they were doing today.
“I can’t see you anymore, leave me alone.” Castiel’s words were like hot steel, but there was something so broken about the way he spoke that Dean couldn’t just give up. Not just that but the word ‘can’t’ instead of ‘don’t want to’ made him so more solid in his determination to save Castiel from everything that plagued him.
-.X.-
They pulled apart and Dean boarded his plane. Throwing one last glance at the airport from his seat before trying his best to zone out what was about to be almost a sixteen-hour flight. God, he hated flying.
“That was one time!” Dean shouted from the couch.
He rubbed the back of his leg with his foot nervously as Dean shouted out, “Mom, we’re back! I hope you don’t mind I brought a friend.”
But then Jimmy ran into another roadblock, onions burn the crap out of your eyes. It was a truly horrible revelation. His plans to reach up and rub at his eyes were halted when Mary grabbed his wrists. “Don’t rub your eyes, it will only make it worse.” Mrs. Winchester popped a piece of minty gum into his mouth, instructing him to chew and then wiping away a few stray tears, holding his face steady with her hands. She looked into his eyes for a long while and then she walked away after kissing his forehead. It hurt, so bad…to be so jealous of your best friend because of their mom.
[CHAPTER 7]
But Jo was too nice and warned him, “shit on a shingle,” she just continued to stare at her food like it had murdered her puppy.
As he plopped down in the grass the dew drenched the thin layer of cloth and made it stick to his backside. Then realizing the problem with boxers, Dean laid a careful hand over the crotch of his underwear, he was immensely glad to find they were sewn shut. But he made sure to cross his legs regardless. Dean really regretted his sudden decision to not wear pants.  Though in his experience pants did suck.
“Thank you, Private Tran.” Dean turned on his heel leaving the room.
-.X.-
“Are you seriously saying you have never,
-.X.-
“It’s okay Dean, you’re a young adult male. I’m sure you have needs.” Cas’ voice let Dean know he was judging him in the cruelest way. To think that little of him. Dean felt extremely bad for the degrading photos, though he thought for a moment there that his mother would be proud of him for this sudden realization. Dean would have to tell her about this discovery.
“I’m sorry, I don’t know how…”
Mary rushed into the entryway, eyes wide. She stood there for a few seconds, just staring at him. Dean and Sam quiet behind him. Jimmy didn’t know what to expect, he started to say he was sorry but before he could even get the words to form he was being held. Not the normal squeeze that came from the small lady but an equally soft and firm hold. She rubbed circles in his back and he wasn’t sure why but it felt like a weight had been lifted off of his shoulders. Jimmy allowed his head to go slack against her shoulder, golden hair rubbing against his cheek. Mrs. Winchester softly said, directly into his ear so that no one else hear, “You can always call me mom, I will always answer, love.”
Castiel didn’t even bother looking towards the archangel always knowing this would one day come to pass. Castiel was always one to beat to his own drum. He found it hard to follow out most of heavens orders. He never wanted to smite but still, he smote. He wasn’t the obedient, never faltering, solider Michael needed, wanted. “Yes, Michael,” and Castiel was gone.
“You need to go south on I-10 and then take a left at Magnolia St.” Dean could tell from the tone that Cas was a scared little bunny. So much different than the person he had first met. It wasn’t like Dean liked him any less for this but he was worried about the drastic change in personality. As if they were two completely different people.  He would have to think down that line of thought later on.
There was no judgment in Sammy’s voice so Dean continued on, hoping the younger Winchester would accept his new choice of partner. Dean knew there were times when Sam was extremely disappointed with his choice of sexual partner. But since they had never really talked about Dean’s partners he hoped his brother would understand this was a little different than just his normal hookups. At first, that might have been all he had wanted but the more he talked to Cas the more he wanted to know. And rule one of casual hookups is to not get attached. The only reason he was telling Sam about this in the first place was that he wouldn’t mind getting attached. “Well, I um, he’s really handsome.”
At lunch Dean had offered to pay for his lunch again, as he had done every day since the first time, but Jimmy had refused, not being able to stomach the idea of what was surely in store for him when got home. He had never prayed for anything as hard before as he did for it to rain for a few more days. Anything to put off the inevitable. That was something Jimmy had never been able to understand, how his all loving, all powerful God could continue to let this happen to him.  He had always considered himself a good person, he went to church every week, prayed every day and wasn’t an addict of any sort. There was a point in his life where he had begun to believe he deserved this punishment but now he realized how sick and twisted his uncle was.
His shaky hands held the empty glass close to his chest in an attempt to keep it from dropping. The way his mother’s eyes cut him to the quick, leaving giant wounds on every inch of his body and soul, destroyed the young man. To have your own mother hate you was one of the hardest things to deal with but he still couldn’t rebel against her. All Jimmy wanted was for his mother to hold him tight and kiss away his tears. But he knew that would never happen. The moment Jimmy had told his mother what her own brother was doing she had stopped getting physically and mentally close. Actually, their relationship was worse then that of enemies now.
The angels were falling from the sky, of course Cas would blame himself for that. Once more it seemed as if Cas didn’t notice Dean, so he ran across the field towards him and only stopped when he was right in front of him.
“For me, he sacrificed himself for me. Whatever Sam you wouldn’t understand.”
Dean grabbed the veil out of his pocket and the blade that had been given with it. He created a small cut on Cas‘s neck and his grace flew out and landed in the veil. After a while it appeared as if all the grace was out and Dean closed the veil.
“Yeh, yeh I’m fine, by the way did you find a case? Because I think I might have found one. It appears to be some supernatural occultists that have been haunting Ohio for a while now. There were several attacks back in the day and they are apparently making a return.”
Dean had become incredibly silent the following days and it worried Cas. Even Olivia had noticed a change in Dean's behaviour and started avoiding him.
“Sammy I-”, until he was stopped by the woman who spoke up, “Look Sam is right, you’re being way too secretive about this, so I will just say it. Your brother contacted us on a way to get somebody out of the Empty.”
“Why would they allow that, last time I was awake, they hated me. Besides I’m useless to you as a hum-” Dean rolled his eyes and kissed him. Cas stood frozen at first but then kissed him back.
Dean meanwhile was giving Sam a somewhat embarrassed look. He realised that it wouldn’t take long before Sam would start to connect the dots and figure out why they were here, but he also felt hopeful. If the woman had kept her promise then she would be the key to getting Cas back.
Dean opened his mouth as if to say something but once again the woman interrupted “I can once again explain to ease it for your brother. You see back in the 50s, our organisations worked closely together, the Men of Letters were our allies. They studied monsters and creatures while we studied the afterlife. To make it easier for us to keep in contact Cuthbert Sinclair created a spell that would send letters to us in an instant, the predecessor of texting you might say.”
Dean shook his head “Don’t worry about Miracle, I went to town and came across Max and Stacy, they had their doubts at first but after I showed them a picture of this little cutie”
He patted Miracle on the head and stood up to leave. He looked at Max once again “Thank you for wanting to take care of him.” She nodded at him and smiled.
Tears started escaping Dean’s eyes no matter how much he was trying to prevent them from slipping through. “and I-, I just froze. I didn’t say anything back and before I knew it, my back was against the wall and he vanished before me, and I’ll never forgive myself for not saying anything and letting him die without knowing he was loved.”
Dean’s voice broke as he was speaking and Sam’s face became more and more saddened by Dean’s speech. He thought that after Chuck after everything they could finally be happy, but Dean’s apparent happiness up until now was clearly faked because Dean couldn’t be truly happy without Cas.
“That won’t be necessary Sammy, if I’m correct, we’ll make it out just fine.” Sam started to get really annoyed now.
When he opened his eyes, everything around him was blurry at first almost as if just waking up from a long sleep. He noticed there was something in his pocket and he emptied it to check what it was. It was a veil and a blade, Dean immediately figured out this was for extracting Cas’s grace. He carefully put the items back in his pocket.
Dean nodded and kneeled down to give Miracle a kiss on the head. “Ok buddy, me and Sammy are going on one last big hunt. I promise I’ll come back, and maybe, just maybe I’ll come back with a new friend. You would like to meet Cas right?” Miracle looked up at him and wagged his tail. “I’ll take that as a yes.” Dean softly smiled.
The Empty started smirking, “So this is where it finally ends.” they then snapped their fingers and Dean felt himself fall into a dream like state.
Dean and Sam both seemed to recognise him, as their faces paled. Sam cleared the silence first “U..Uriel?” The angel just gave them a dirty look and remained silent.
It was now night and Cas was standing across from a field of some sorts. He was looking up at the sky and Dean slowly started realising when this was and why it was one of Cas’s regrets.
“I have to do this alone. I have to make this right, Sam, promise me one thing… If I don’t return please, just keep fighting. You have so much to live for, Eileen, Charlie, Bobby, Jody, Donna, Claire they will be there for you even when I can’t be.” Dean looked Sam in the eyes and saw they were filled with tears as well.
One night Cas had confronted Dean before they went to bed. Dean slowly but surely broke down and told Cas that Miracle felt like one of the last things he had that reminded him of Jack and that he missed him so badly. Cas  had never asked whether or not Dean meant missing Jack or Miracle that night but he had a feeling both options were correct.
Dean started laughing “So Claire finally dared to ask Kaia out. Thought that would never happen.”
“Cas… please, you have to wake up. I need you. You remember what you said to me before you left? You said that the one thing you wanted, you couldn’t have, you were wrong, so wrong. I-, I don’t know when or where but somewhere along our time together, I realised how much you meant to me, how much you’ve done, how much you’ve sacrificed and every time you tried to talk to me, I pushed you away and I am so sorry that I did that.”
That had made Dean smile softly and he had slowly processed Miracle’s passing afterwards. He even started telling Olivia stories about Jack as if he were her big brother, which in some regards he was.
And even after John died, Dean didn’t feel allowed to be himself. Even after meeting Charlie, Jesse and Caesar he just couldn’t accept it for himself, but Cas… His feelings for Cas had always been there.  He just never thought he was permitted to have them.
Sam noticed his brother becoming saddened. “Dean, are you okay?” Dean looked up at his brother.
“Before Cas died, he told me something. In order to summon the Empty, he had to have true happiness. He had made a deal with the Empty in order to save Jack, that it would only come for him when he was truly happy.  He told me that happiness wasn’t in the having and that it was in just being and saying it and then… he told me he loved me.”
