Although the package is only small and not wrapped up in flashy paper, it’s anything but unassuming; its position right in the middle of the desk is clearly meant to draw Dean’s attention, no,
Castiel sees Dean’s amusement in the shake of his shoulders and the shuddering breath against his neck, but it’s the quickening rhythm beneath his palm that garners most of his attention, as it tells him that any further conversation will now be delayed, even if it is far from over.
“I disagree. I am convinced that even Adler couldn’t help but enjoy the sight of your beautiful body. That he would want to touch and kiss you, too.” Castiel murmurs, dragging a line of sloppy kisses down Dean’s shoulder.
Castiel lets him have his amusement at his way of expressing himself. After all, it means that Dean’s body and scent exude relaxation and trust, and it allows Castiel to sway closer into Dean’s warm space and to let the tips of his fingers dance up the sensitive skin of Dean’s inner arm.
Castiel sends him a sloppy message that evening that makes Dean believe that he might be drunk or otherwise occupied. He doesn’t mind, though, because Castiel signs off with an emoticon blowing a kiss, and the memory of how it felt to have Castiel truly press him down and kiss him passionately has Dean busy for the following quarter-hour. Once he’s done and needs to clean himself up, with nobody there to take care of it for him, he finds himself feeling somewhat hollow.
Dean’s almost instantly flaming red, and he knows without seeing because his cheeks burn, though not the ones he would like to burn, given the topic. “Oh, yeah, that– that too. Absolutely.” Is this Castiel’s idea of smalltalk? Or just another opener for more stuff? For going further, perhaps. The man might have some plans already.
“Evidently not enough,” Castiel says, and he sounds irritated. Not at Dean though, but most likely at himself.
And it’s why he hasn’t been able to recognize the beginnings of this drop for what it was. He hasn’t been feeling bad because he regretted what he has done, but because he
And oh, Dean might have forgotten all about it in the haze of his spanking, filed it away as just another irrelevant thing in that moment, as much as any other part of the world was irrelevant, because they weren’t Castiel nor Castiel’s hand nor the harsh sting of blows on his ass. But now that Castiel reminds him, he does recall what is still in store for him -- what he was promised as a
Castiel still looks a bit tired, delicate shadows under his eyes and his hair ruffled, but all of him lights up a tiny bit with a smile when Dean allows him this little victory and properly catches his gaze for the first time that day. Embarrassingly enough, Castiel looks almost thankful and as though one second away from praising Dean for this.
And for a moment there, Dean wonders himself. Because nothing of what he went through this week was anything new; Castiel not being around, Castiel not touching him for a couple of days, Castiel spending his lunch with other people, Dean being on his own. Rather, more than just being nothing new, Dean should be used to it. For Castiel to spend an exaggerated amount of attention to him or for him to have a lot of time for him on a daily basis would rather be the exception than the rule anyway, and not a thing they really ever had going for them.
“I suppose so. But you already do, even if you may not be aware of it.” He sucks on Dean’s skin, takes it between his lips and teeth and does with it what Dean asked of him to do. And Dean may not be able to see, but he can
And huh, Dean didn’t even notice how he has relaxed right back into the sofa cushions and into Castiel’s hands, how the thought of having his bottom spanked and of showing that Castiel is right to take him on as a sub has made his mind and body light and pleased. Because he feels that he can do this – that Castiel will give him a good chance to prove himself.
And Castiel heeds his plea, gives Dean what he’s asking for by sinking one of his hands into his hair and pulling him tightly against his neck while the other grabs onto Dean’s thigh, just shy of his aching ass, and rocks up against it.
Somewhere in the bar, a jukebox comes on. Dean has noticed before that there was a small dancing area in one corner of the tap room, but he’s never given it much thought. There, he assumes the music to come from. He doesn’t recognizes the song – some slow and old rock thing – but it sounds nice enough.
The suddenness of it and the way it’s delivered with an open expression makes the blood shoot right into Dean’s head, tints his cheeks and the tips of his ears pink and warms his lips. “Uh, thank you,” Dean mutters. There’s a tingle inside his stomach and down his neck, but he’s not quite sure whether it’s because he’s flattered or embarrassed, because he knows that he looks far from lovely right now. He looks exhausted, yes, and way too excited, maybe even a bit needy, but
So, his gaze roams all over Cas’ collarbones, his dusty nipples adorned with the tiny mole, his strong and muscled torso, and— Dean swallows and wants to look away in shame, wants to tell himself that he is not curious and that he simply doesn’t get to see, that this is nothing that is meant for his eyes, nothing that he should want to get a look at. But in the corner of his eye, he catches Cas’ soft smile and his small, encouraging nod, and that’s all that he needs. So he lets his gaze wander lower; down the trail of coarse hair, hazy through the water, to where it ends in a thick thatch that is painted even darker by the water it is submerged in, and nestled between the curls and his meaty thighs is— is Cas’ cock.
Hearing his own name spoken so close to his damn hole and while knowing just what is about to happen and what other good things Castiel has yet in store is almost too much. Because it makes Dean want to rub his cock against the soft cushion beneath him, get himself off just like that, not even needing Castiel’s tongue inside him, just the
(He knows he should think about it some more. That his doubts from before are rightful ones, that there is too much to lose, so much to go wrong. In the past years, he’s had offers as much as he had cravings, but he ignored all of them, shielded himself away where he had failed to do so before, protected himself. An exchange of power is what he had always craved, but what he had actually gotten was a loss of it – of his autonomy and his feeling of safety and a sense of self. To go through it again would shatter him at last, would make it that even his mom or dad or Charlie couldn’t mend him again. He’s well-aware. It’s so much more than just his job on the line.
And maybe once his phone alarm goes off early in the morning and brings him back to reality, he will regret staying with the man with whom he had sex and who’s also his boss, but right now, it seems like there’s nothing he would rather do.
have, will get from Castiel, make his decision already all the easier. Make him smile and think about those big hands in front of him roaming all over his skin.
“Yeah, thank you,” Dean agrees and nuzzles his head closer against Castiel’s, in spite of the feelings warring inside of him – because he chooses to ignore them for know, wants to just indulge himself. “I’m much better now.”
Even then, it’s not as if Castiel hasn’t taken care of him – they spent a wonderful night and morning together, the exact kind Dean thinks other people would think of when describing their perfect Saturday night and Sunday morning with their partners, with however they want to share their lives with. Just boundless and tender happiness. Which might have been the exact reason for why Dean had been about to drop in the first place.
Because regardless of what Dean’s mouth says, the tremors running through his body and the frenetic clenching of his hole say something else entirely. “Sorry, it’s just-- I’m-- I just needed a second.” They have waited long enough, after all, and he wants to make this good for Cas, no matter how much it hurts right now. It will feel better in a bit, he remembers as much, so he would rather just grin and bear it until it becomes pleasurable, instead of having Castiel pull away entirely. “It’s fine, now. I’m good. Just-- just keep going.”
“I apologize,” Castiel sighs, and Dean can hear his resignation. He still doesn’t shove Dean off or runs harsh hands over Dean’s butt to punish him for his insolence. Instead, he presses his lips to Dean’s throat, to where the marks are, and asks quietly, “Is this still alright?”
“You want to clean up,” Castiel guesses slowly, eyebrows raised. He sounds almost disappointed at that, and it makes Dean wonder just how much that guy must love to see his come all over another person’s skin. Or maybe he dislikes that Dean lied, in a sense. Bent the truth to get away from him. Or maybe something else entirely.
“Dean,” Cas says, so low that it could only be heard by Dean, only by someone as close as he is. “I mean every word of what I say.”
And yet, he has to try, at the very least. Castiel has asked him to do something, so he should follow. He knows that Castiel wouldn’t ask anything of him that he truly believes Dean incapable of, which means that he must think that Dean can do this. That he has faith in him. And if Castiel has faith in him, then that is all the faith Dean needs.
And then, Castiel is pulling off Dean’s robe completely, lets it flutter to the ground with a soft swooshing sound, and Dean is completely naked before him, vulnerable in any which way, but he doesn’t feel like he is. The unashamed hunger in Castiel’s eyes makes him feel desirable, Castiel’s affectionate hands roaming his skin make him feel safe, Castiel’s unerring confidence and faith in him make him feel joyful and
So, Dean takes the patiently offered coffee, not yet with a smile but a steady hand, catches Castiel’s crinkled eyes and puts the rim of his mug to his already parted lips.
Castiel settles almost his full weight onto Dean, his entire body a long, heavy line against Dean, from head to toe, pressing him down into the mattress and his cock fully inside of him. With the hand not guiding Dean back into his thrusts, with the one currently entangled with Dean’s, he pulls Dean back against him, and both of them even closer together. It is warm like this, almost too hot, and all the more intimate for it. Castiel’s thrusts slowly into him, desperately kissing and breathing against his neck and cheeks.
Castiel makes a muffled sound into Dean’s mouth, something that might have been his name in another lifetime, and clenches his eyes shut, then rips them open wide, desperate to keep them open. And it’s that desperation that’s obvious in every taut line of his body, along with his thrusts losing all sense of rhythm and his self-proclaimed reason, along with Castiel looking down at Dean, as Dean is writhing and moaning and calling Castiel’s name into his mouth, so obviously taken in by nothing but delight and overwhelming pleasure, feeling as good as he possibly could, and it’s with that that Castiel groans and thrusts one last time and spills himself out over their fist.
“And to make my way into the kitchen then,” Castiel thankfully continues. “I am not an early riser, as you know.” Which Dean, as his personal assistant and the unlucky one who has to interact with Castiel when he’s still tired and grumpy in the morning, of course does. It’s also something Dean should have taken into consideration right away, instead of jumping to a conclusion that would make any early-blooming teenaged girl roll her eyes at him. Charlie would probably laugh at him if she knew of his angsty good morning moment.
“C’mon,” Dean appeals, “I rubbed up against you even though never gave me permission to, I Yellowed for no reason at all when I lost my cool there in the middle, I, uhm, overdid it when you were blowing me for that first time, I demanded stuff like being allowed to see your face and that you kiss me and all that. I was pretty sub-par at best.” Dean knows all of these things to be true, knows them to be
“Yes. But that’s part of the play, isn’t it?” Castiel‘s smile turns into that of a cheeky little boy. “What is more important is that we had already talked about the kind of punishment beforehand, and just like you told me, you enjoyed what I did and when I applied it. I feel like this is definitely something we should explore; it was very exciting for me to spank you and it would be an immense pleasure if I could do more of it.”
“Heh,” Dean begins, and it’s hard to keep a pokerface when Castiel is keeping a pokerface of his own at all times, no matter how innocently ridiculous it is what he says. In the morning after their first scene, Castiel set a big mug with a grumpy-looking cat – that beared an uncanny resemblance to Castiel – right in front of Dean, looked him straight in the eye and said, ‘This is my favourite,’ and proceeded making breakfast, leaving Dean to his offered mug.
Without quite meaning to, he circles his hips in an attempt to rub his dick against Castiel’s pants a bit better now, but already after the second circle of his hips, there’s the sharp sting of a hand coming down onto the jiggly flesh of his ass.
“I see,” Dean says, a blush of his own creeping up into his cheeks, and if he couldn’t feel how limp and useless his dick is still lying against Castiel’s hip bones, he would almost expect it to react to this newfound knowledge. “Better safe than sorry, huh?”
“Excellent,” Castiel says as he shuffles the papers of their list, checking through what is ticked off.
At the same time, Castiel doesn’t act on it and all but ignores his plump dick in favour of channeling all of his concentration and tenderness into their kissing, into making Dean forget all about before. Like this, it feels like he let Castiel finish what he meant to finish and that what he said was exactly what Dean wanted to hear and felt as well. This doesn’t feel like revenge or consolation kissing – just kissing, between the two of them. It’s so easy, so lacking in bitterness and subliminal aggression that Dean can barely believe that this is real and that he gets to have this. That maybe Castiel’s words were true and spoken with a sense of satisfaction. That Castiel might indeed consider Dean’s company alone an
When Castiel curiously peers up at him, Dean is keeping his gaze diligently down and there’s a soft pink hue to his cheeks and ears, making the freckles all over his skin stand out in a way that Castiel can’t help but find alluring.
And holy shit, Dean totally agrees there. So does his dick, if that little twitch in his pajama pants is anything to go by. “Yeah, I– I really liked it, too.” He takes a deep breath. No receiving without properly asking for it. “A lot, actually. I wouldn’t mind if we did that again. Maybe with me, uhm, over your desk or lap or something. Like, if you’re into that.”
So “I’m free. Absolutely no plans,” Dean says with a smile that must look far more confident than he feels, and seems to suffice in convincing Novak. Of that Dean wants to meet him tonight, that he is not cowed and not accepting with resentment.
“But not always strictly within the privacy of our apartments,” Dean teases, relishing the memory of being laid out and taken apart on the couch in Castiel’s office after a long and draining week.
“Castiel,” Dean cuts in, not sharp, but with a fond trace of exasperation. “I initiated and was completely on board with what was happening. Believe me, I would’ve been on board with many other things as well.”
a deep voice cuts in, sharp and admonishing. Dean swallows and fidgets when he the other creature finally reaches him.
Castiel grants him his silence for some time, for as long as it takes Dean to look back at him, or the general direction of him, and to school his face into something neutral, something only betrayed by the ruddy cheeks.
he undresses slowly, without haste, for there is no need for any. with intent eyes, not averted in shame and an offering of modesty as Castiel had done, Dean watches him, watches each piece of clothing leave his body, expose it to him as Dean has had to expose his own, back when they were still hostile companions, imprisoned in their tent and waiting for a war, the only soothing touches with wet hands
because just like that, Dean is awash with pleasure and confidence again, knows nothing beyond that.
Castiel says them. If he is kind, then it is because he thinks Dean deserves it. And yeah, he wants to believe. Wants to feel about himself the way Castiel talks about him.
Cas cuts in, and the resolutness of his voice instantly shuts Dean up. Cas lets his kisses wander to Dean’s cheekbones, where his lips are soon replaced by his thumb, angling his face so that Cas can catch his gaze earnestly.
It’s a strange reminder of last night, because then, Castiel’s hands were there to keep Dean still, too. To keep him fixed until Castiel had given him all he wanted to give, and taken so little in return. But there’s no play and punishment sparking in Castiel’s eyes when he gazes up at Dean now, his breath already heavy.
Just as inelegantly as he had climbed onto the bed, he attempted to roll off of it. But before he could quite get up and leave the moody angel behind, there were hands grappling at his shoulder and hips, pulling him right back.
Even though Dean might still not be looking at Castiel, he can feel Castiel looking at him. His warm breath hitting the side of Dean’s face, both hands still somewhere in contact with Dean’s body at all times.
Soon enough, there are little dots, not quite hickeys, no marks without permission, in the dip of Dean’s hip and around his navel and the slope that leads to his crotch. They are beautiful, although sadly, Dean knows them to be gone by the next morning.
“Yes,” Castiel confirms with a kiss. “You were absolutely perfect for me, beyond beautiful. You took all of my blows, and that while clearly calling out the numbers for me and making the most gorgeous of noises.”
“I thought you would take me home like I suggested for you to do.” The way Castiel keeps working and worrying his skin certainly seem to imply nothing different.
Dean lets out an indignant sound, almost a squawk, flinches with his whole body and then… does nothing. He just lets Castiel’s hand brush over his butt and behind it as well, allowing Castiel to finally grab the sack of potatoes Dean would have wanted, heave it up into his arms and against his body, while Dean remains frozen.
“I feel bad about seeing you like that,” Castiel deflected. Then, “I was scared when seeing you like that. Scared of losing you. And of being helpless to prevent it.”
“I don’t know,” Dean answers truthfully and quietly. He feels so vulnerable suddenly, childishly helpless in face of his own confusing feelings.
“N-No,” Dean stutters, and he can feel the heat creeping up his neck and into his face, probably painting his skin pink. Because they are on the same page right now, Dean is sure of that; no one would assume a boss of Novak’s rank to be
It takes them a little over a half an hour to get themselves and their tasks together, and then they are finally done for the day, all dressed up and ready to go.
"No," Castiel says sharply, and he sighs out when Dean winces at that. "Dean," he proceeds, his voice softer than before. "You have trusted me to be the one to cherish you, in spite of what these other mortals have done. You have said so in your prayers, and you knew it to be true in your heart. So how could you believe differently now?" He doesn’t sound angered or accusatory, but as though he genuinely could not see for himself.
He follows his instincts and the calling from afar. And when follows a way that is light and right, he opens his eyes and inhales deeply, and he finds himself in the arms of his mate, his own nose deeply buried in his neck, taking deep and even deeper breaths, because now, he can finally breathe. It is with a tender kiss to his neck and warm hands stroking his hair that he sighs out a willing and liberated
Castiel’s eyes roam the dips and curves and warm skin that has been laid open for his gaze, and as much as his eyes seem to be drawn to the purplish marks decorating Dean’s throat, he must also be rather taken in by Dean’s nipples and the swell of his tummy, going by the amount of time spent looking at them.
(Besides, he loves serving their god Castiel. To Dean, no god is as beautiful and caring as he is, no one as giving to his followers. Though the only mortal to have seen him and who is still living these days is the priestess, and thus Dean himself has never laid eyes on him, Dean knows he would instinctively recognize him. Often, when he sneaks alone into the sanctuary to kneel and pray to his god in solitude, the feelings of safety and belonging swell up in his chest, warm him in the way only the soft embrace of his mother or the proud smile of his father could before. It is in these moments that, despite the other temple servants and despite the future awaiting him, he is not afraid. So he burns incense and speaks the words of prayer, and sometimes, when the mockery and the stares were too much to bear that day or when the memories of his family did not leave him since the morning, he shamefully speaks of other things too, not just in praise, but in secret and weakness. Dean knows he should not, that his mortal matters are of no import to a deity such as Castiel. But when his eyes are wet and his lips pressed together with a tremble, he can’t help but confess to the only one he feels is left; the only one who would care and listen. The one — he is sure, he desperately
His whole body is in shivers when he the threads of it stroke over the fabric of his dress shirt, when he pulls and puts on because–
Dean is not quite sure whether the hot flush he feels is from embarrassment or whether it stems from the images that are tantalizing him in his head; of him at Castiel’s feet or bowing before him, of Castiel brushing the hair from the back of his neck, of Castiel putting something sturdier though surely no less valuable than the silk around his neck, the leather as gentle and demanding on Dean’s skin as Castiel’s open hands.
“Dean,” Cas responds, his lips working warmly and wetly against the skin of Dean’s neck, “I want to make love to you, Dean. Please, let me–”
“Yes,” Castiel admits, and his cheeks seem rosy but his smile not shy. “I had hoped that we might find some time to explore spanking together, so I bought the lotion.”
“So beautiful, Dean. You are so good and so endlessly beautiful.” Castiel’s hands sweeps up over his heart as he speaks, and his voice is thick and shuddering and breaking off in places, and it’s clear that he must be one step away from his own orgasm, which must also be the reason why he’s starting with that kind of talk again.
“Yeah, that’s.” Dean licks his lips, finding them already wet and terribly unoccupied – not unlike his dick. “That’s yeah, okay. Yeah.”
For a second there, Dean wonders if maybe Novak has truly seen through him and his bullshit and his lemon water and decided to send him home, after all. That maybe time spent alone with two burgers is still better spent than with some self-deprecating, chubby loser. But what actually comes out of Novak’s mouth once he opens it again is pretty much the opposite from what Dean expects
Castiel’s lips quirk up in a smile and he strokes rewardingly over one of Dean’s butt cheek. “This sweater would make me very happy.”
Sensing his chance to re-install harmony, Castiel softly recommends, “Maybe you should go talk to your brother.”
“Yes,” Castiel agrees easily, “but I adore you nonetheless.” He nuzzles his nose behind Dean’s ear and presses a tiny kiss to the sensitive skin there.
So, Dean should be well and truly happy. And he is; about Cas, that is. The only problem is that during his many years of being single, he’s become a bit of a sloth, which also extended to his eating and workout routines: too much pie and too little exercising. He’s gotten soft, especially around the middle, but also his butt and thighs look like they could belong to a very curvy woman. And Dean had come to terms with it when he was only by himself anyway, but as soon as Cas, who’s got the body of a runner and arms with which he could easily lift even someone as heavy as Dean and do with him whatever he pleases, enters the picture, Dean starts to become self-conscious.
“But that would presuppose that you accept me as your Dom, of course,” Castiel says with an air of non-chalance of which Dean doesn’t know whether it’s fake or not, but which doesn’t leave much pressure on Dean.
Dean makes a soft noise that is neither agreement nor disagreement and shrugs with his shoulders. It came out of the blue when speaking in terms of timing during the conversation, not generally because of–
“Very good,” Castiel says and lies a warm hand on Dean’s butt cheek, probably making it jiggle again.
Dean wants to recoil in shock, wants to shove this deity away from himself and cry out for how he is mocked again, but the hand of Castiel that is not resting against his neck coils itself around his waist and holds him tightly against the unbearable warmth of Castiel’s body. Dean struggles in his hold, whines and pities himself, expecting Castiel to be the one to shove him away any moment now, to ridicule Dean for his reactions and his faith, but he does not. He neither loosens his grip nor does he laugh, and it’s only when Dean ceases his struggling that he speaks again.
“I need you, too,” Castiel promises between kisses, and Dean feels the same warmth rising within him as the first time Castiel said it,the first time he ever returned the sentiment, against all hope. “But you have to tell me if it becomes too much. I don’t want to hurt you, Dean. I only want to bring you pleasure.”
The man in front of him smiles, but it’s flat, lacking any real humor. He doesn’t look satisfied, and Dean’s not really sure why; he’s got a good deal, after all, haggled his price down from the three-hunred for the night Dean usually tells himself he insists on. He always gets less, but not as little as right now. So the guy doesn’t have anything to complain about, what with the bargain he’s making. Except maybe about Dean – maybe he’s not completely satisfied with what he sees, what he’s taking, in more way than one.
“You’re not about to break out the list again, are you?” Dean asks in an attempt to dispel his nerves, which seems to be working well enough on Castiel at least, as he laughs softly.
“Is this about Adler? That ‘error’, I mean?” Castiel sounds like he thinks that error be be about as much bullshit as Dean did, but even then, there’s nothing Dean could’ve done about it. Not without Castiel, at the very least. He probably could have vetoed Adler’s nitpicking and told him to shove it, had he been around or had Dean asked him to. But Dean knows that if Castiel truly wants to become CEO one day, he shouldn’t have to deal with such petty issues or make an enemy out of Zachariah, who has big influence in his own rights. So, Dean will have to work a bit longer on a Friday night – big fucking deal.
And Cas seems very much on board with Dean’s plan. Because as soon as it becomes clear that there is more heat behind Dean’s actions than usual, Cas doesn’t hesitate to tug him towards the sofa and press him down on it, to lavish him with kisses and exploring touches there. And Dean sinks into it, as surprised as turned on by how demanding Cas is, by how he seems to want this just as much as Dean does, if not even more so. It’s flattering, really. And if Dean were in better shape already, he might dare to grind up where he’s already sporting a chubby and to find out whether Cas does, too.
“Every part of you is so wonderful,” Castiel sighs and kisses along a little path that makes Dean wonder whether he is following the line of a few freckles on his butt. “I know you work hard for your body, doing all these diets and exercising a lot, but even without that, I am certain you would look excellent.” He traces his thumb along the crack of Dean’s butt, just teasing and not even dipping inside, and then follows the path of his thumb with his lips and nose.
Sam is next. Dean has to do it over the phone, what with Sam being in Stanford and thus thousands of miles away from him, even though he would’ve liked to tell him in person. Sure, he could’ve done so during Thanksgiving, when Sam did in fact come to visit them, but he was too chickenshit back then. Besides, catching a quiet moment during which to tell him, without all the other family members and friends around, was pretty much impossible.
And at first, Dean often enough rode a high during the scenes, enjoyed being dominated and being made to feel useful, that he didn't bother or dare question what happened to him. What were a few tears of untended to pain or a week of shame compared to the feeling of being strung up and worked over so well that whatever else might have come afterwards was just as forgotten as any other worry or pain within him? What use would it have been to struggle or squirm at those few things that he did not enjoy, that made him uncomfortable? He enjoyed it all the same; unless, sometimes, he didn't.
“Yes, it did. I mean it when I say that I want you to make you feel good. During or after a scene, it doesn’t matter. I cherish you as a person as much as–
“Are you really?” Castiel probes, because honestly, Dean wouldn’t believe himself either. The way he’s averting his gaze and wringing his hands might be a bit of a give-away. But just a bit.
“I’m sorry, sir,” Dean presses out between the teeth he has sunken into his lip, “it just feels so good.”
He flinches with the first of the 108 stroke of the bell the priestess tolls, the one that welcomes the new year and bids goodbye to the last. Each stroke makes him wince and shift and fills his heart with dread, because despite his resolution not to break under what the future holds for him, he becomes afraid. His body is untouched, he has no experience to speak of and no one to miss him, so the patrons of the Red House will either find him dissatisfying or a simple toy to do with as they please. They could kill him, and no one would bat an eye, they could tear into him, and his screams would probably be confused with those of lust. And yet, he would still have to be glad if anyone even wanted to touch him at all — because he is hideous and will never find a partner, a mate. The hard hands of drunken Alphas and Betas will be all he will ever know of intimacy and of— of
Dean snorts, then looks down on the haphazardly shoved aside tablet and the still ruffled sheets. He already feels homely here, welcomed in a way that he hasn’t felt again since after he has moved out of his parents’ house. Maybe it’s because of the really soft sheets.
When he’s finally done and loosened the tie around every sensitive spot on Dean’s neck, Castiel doesn’t hesitate to open the last of the buttons on Dean’s dress shirt, the two ones right on top that were obstructed before. Now, it’s child’s play with the necktie not snug and possessive around Dean’s neck anymore, which is why it takes Castiel almost no time at all to move beyond that as well. For him to finally push Dean’s shirt up and away, the fabric that uncovers his skin inch by inch immediately followed by the warmth of his hands, by long fingers that and big palms that glide over his freckles and nipples and gently tug at Dean’s wrists to pull the shirt all the way up, to leave Dean’s torso completely bare to Castiel’s gaze.
“Good,” Castiel says and slowly breaks away from Dean, unwinding his arms enough to not have them wrapped around his shoulders anymore, but to have them firmly on his hips, providing more than enough stability for Dean not to slip. Castiel then sits back enough to have his feet touch his butt and for his shins to be pressed all against the floor, taking a position that won’t let him waver. He pulls Dean a bit closer to himself and encourages him with guiding hands to put his legs around his hips and waist, to properly straddle him, which Dean does with a pleased sigh.
“I won’t go up and get it, if that is what you are afraid of. But I will put down everything we discuss now afterwards, so that we won’t forget any of it.”
Immediately as much as involuntarily, the tension leaves Dean’s body with each stroke, each moment of caress, and when one side of his face is encased by this big and warm hand, his eyes fall closed, and his head and all of his body, of
It lulls Dean even deeper into his dozing state and he suspects to have completely nodded off for some time because the next thing he’s aware of is Castiel suddenly lying beneath him, taking a nap of his own while cradling Dean to his chest and keeping a sheet around Dean’s shoulders and covering both of them with it. Castiel is, incidentally, also still just as naked as Dean.
Castiel’s mouth is warm and snug around him as he puts one long kiss to the head, one so lingering that he eventually begins to slowly draw Dean’s cock inside it, the pull of it inexorable and incredible. And Castiel barely even does more than take the head of Dean’s cock into his mouth and suck on it, hunched over as he is to reach Dean’s length, both of his hands still firmly cupping Dean’s hips and keeping him right where he is.
he has to know. “I want to, I really do. Wanted to for— some time now.” He swallows and shivers and corrects himself. “A long time now. But I never thought I’d get this, so… I do, but. Not now. Not yet. I need…”
“If you manage to take all -- mmh -- twenty of my blows without coming or breaking any other rule, I will reward you for it. And the reward will be that you will be allowed to spill yourself in my mouth, just as you craved to do a few minutes ago. I will swallow you all the way down to your root again and pleasure you exactly how you want me to until you reach climax. And you won’t have to do anything else, just let yourself enjoy my mouth.” He lifts one hand and, without any hang-ups or hesitations, cards it through Dean’s hair. Just as gently as the hand working over Dean’s butt is. “Would you like that, Dean? Does this sound like a fair reward for you?”
“I could feel you enjoying your fantasy, Dean.” He presses down with his hips, making his point by elicit a noticeable twitch out of Dean’s erection. “And it does make me wonder what it might have been about. Maybe about something that I am not doing that you would want me to do? Something that I would be happy to give to you if you only ask?”
disagree – because she doesn’t know him, and nor Sammy. Doesn’t know anything about them and their family and about the things they have done. “And I sure as hell won’t allow you to take Sam from me. Both you and me know he’s got a fair chance and I don’t, but it’s either both of us or– or–” He clenches his fist and his teeth and his eyes shut, willing away the desperation that threatens to flood his eyes. He won’t cry, not now, not after everything.
Of which Castiel is well-aware, and yet, he– he can’t help it. Can’t help himself, or Dean. Instead, he presses a soft kiss to the tense and trembling jaw right in front of him, for no other purpose than to comfort Dean. This lovely Alpha in the same kind of confusing, terrifying situation as him, shaken by more than this obsolete deal and the care for his employees. So much more. And if there is any person in the world who is capable of understanding what Dean is going through right now, it is Castiel. The high-ranking Alpha longing for another Alpha. And vice versa.
When Dean can find no space on the tablet to put his empty bowl anymore, he moves closer to stack it beneath Castiel’s still full one. When Castiel moans around the apparently very fresh blueberries he plucks piece for piece, Dean simply has to have a taste, too. So he scoots closer, takes the berries from Castiel’s open palm the first few times, then lets him put them onto his tongue directly. The tip of which licks too often over the length of Castiel’s fingers, his darkened blue eyes watching his slightly smeared mouth attentively.
Dean comes to a halt right in front of Castiel. He’s so close that his knees are almost touching Castiel’s, that Castiel could almost feel and yet quite possibly already see the slight tremble that goes through his body. Castiel doesn’t comment on it, though. He just keeps up that pleased expression and looks Dean up and down, excruciatingly slowly, pausing with leisure at Dean’s face and the marked up throat below it.
What he gets instead is unexpected, though no less heady in its own way. For Dean does not delve into his seduction routine and stir their conversation in the best way he knows how. No, he tightens his grip around Castiel’s waist with no heat behind it and nuzzles his nose against his cheek, of all things, doing nothing more heathen than hug him.
Dean sinks his teeth into his lips and keeps still and silent. It’s not like this should be a challenge, really, but who knows whatever praise Castiel will lavish him with today, who knows what kinds of things he will say? Dean has already managed to not move for him when he asked him to, so keeping his mouth shut should be easy as anything, but it feels like it won’t be. It already is. Not saying “No, I don’t want to do this, can we please try something else?” and instead to even regard the very idea of it as
Dean moans, a warning, a plea, an echo of sometime before, but this time, there is no pain in his voice, nothing but pleasure. He tilts his hips up as best as he can, to finally do so as Castiel called it,
right there, waiting on him. That the neat edges of the wrapping paper and whatever small thing inside are for him to unpack, reveal, and were probably waiting on him to do so.
All until he sighs and nods, trembling gone now, to silently signal Castiel that he is now somewhat calmer -- or getting a grip of himself at least -- and that Castiel may move on now.
So yeah, not happening. Dean knows it won’t, keeps reminding himself of all these reasons as for why, and goes on about his work. Because he won’t lose another job to this kind of stuff, be it breakdowns or fantasies. He’s got both feet planted on the ground these days, in his budding career, and that’s the only thing that should be on his mind right now. The only thing that matters. Also, it’s not like that side of himself didn’t get catered to, in a softcore version, with all those nice things Novak does or says in return, already giving him much more than he ever received or deserved, so whatever.
“Truthfully, it might be,” Castiel says with a rueful, kind smile. “Unless anything else has happened this week that could be the cause of this and that I simply don’t know about, then I think there’s reason to believe that you might be dropping.”
“While that might be so, it would be wiser to move them into another city at least. Here is where John Winchester would start looking for them, and the town is too small to keep the boys hidden.”
, who said he was longing for Dean, and if he was longing for Dean even a fraction of how much Dean longed for him, then it must have been unbearable.
words of praise ever since Castiel told him to keep his mouth shut. Wow. Dean would almost be impressed by himself, if he wasn’t so damn disappointed. Because how did he even manage to do that? How can he have forgotten the command that has been given to him within the span of five minutes or less? Just how useless is he?
“Good evening, Mr. Novak,” Dean obediently croaks back, probably more than a beat too slow, and at his side, Jo giggles. Dean makes an attempt for glare at her for it, but she looks far from being cowed.
“Uhm, I don’t know. Everything?” Because yep, there isn’t be a single thing he could complain about. “Talking about this is kinda– y’know.” He awkwardly gestured back and forth, basically indicating nothing.
Dean knows Sam is pretty liberal in any way, knows that he means it when he says that he is cool with it and was just taken by surprise - even so, Dean can’t help but feel disappointed. For some reason, he expected something… well, maybe not more, but something different. Sam is the great big university braniac, after all, and as far as Dean was concerned, he thought it meant that Sam would just accept it and go with it right away. Maybe the disappointment isn’t even directed at Sam alone – maybe it’s because Dean always thought that, in academia at least, there would be easy acceptance of this. If not there, where else could he ever hope to find it?
Dean tries not to mind as much. Sure, he does mind, on some level, but he knows there is no way in hell John would accept him as he is, just like this. Maybe someday, should Dean find a man instead of a woman to settle down with, to
and now they are gaining their rewards for it: Dean offering the side of his mattress with an almost coy smile, Castiel hovering nearby, night clothes in his hands and warmth beneath his skin
But beyond that, other things were waiting on him, too. Namely, the dinner they had arranged. After sending some messages back and forth, they had both decided to meet the next weekend for dinner again – but this time, not in a public place with nosy and bratty employees, but privately. And as the idea of letting Castiel into his apartment just yet didn’t sit entirely right with Dean for some reason, he was quick to accept Castiel’s cautious invitation to come over and meet at his place instead. Have Castiel cook for him.
they will be feasting again. who’s to say that they will return to the festivities instead of into Michael’s chambers, where Michael will do things to Dean that Dean won’t be able to oppose to, but for which Michael would deserve every bone in his fingers to be broken, smashed, ground into dust. Castiel thinks back to Dean’s fearful gaze, to his trembling, naked body, to his weight and blade pressing down on him, to his lone figure by the roadside
Charlie is the first one he tells. Not just because he knows for sure that she won’t judge him – she proudly came out as a lesbian many years ago, after all – but also because he thinks she might already have some kind of inkling of his sexuality. At least, going by her calm explanations whenever Dean messes up and spouts some uninformed crap about queer issues again, and by the warmth of her smiles whenever Dean talks to Cas – which he never manages to do without blushing these days – or any other guy he might find attractive.
“If you haven’t,” Castiel resumes, apparently encouraged to go on by Dean’s silent interest, “then I would like to ask you whether you would allow me to put you over my lap and spank you until you beg me to stop.”
The hard cock pressing against Dean’s shin comes as a surprise, as does the little rutting that follows, accompanied by a lack of kisses and an abundance of panting right against his now thoroughly wetted hole. Castiel only keeps grinding against Dean briefly, although he feels achingly hard and thick even through his dress pants. Castiel’s action seems less like an attempt to get off, more like a little break in reason, something to alleviate the pressure and need pumping through his veins.
“Am I making you feel uncomfortable?” Castiel asks into Dean’s silence, barely even disturbing it by how quietly he talks.
close-mouthed and soft. With nothing but small presses of their lips and warm breath hitting the other’s cheek and closed lids, tiny movements of their mouths against one another.
“See you almost ripped asunder from those harpies, crying out and yelling my name–,” Castiel faltered, swallowing.
And Dean is not sure if he really wants to, if he can deal with his own nudity and the kind words he won’t be able to reject, but he knows he has to trust Castiel and himself, has to trust
As they break their kiss this time, Dean finally looks fully awake. There is still a shimmer to his eyes, but also something darker -- Dean’s desire swelling in kind --, the sight of which Castiel has grown familiar with over the years, longs for so often that is is pitiful at times.. For yet another time in his life, Castiel catches himself realizing how helplessly in love he is with Dean, that there is nothing he would not do for him.
“That is also true,” Castiel hums amusedly. “We will have to be more careful in the future and not repeat our actions from yesterday. There was already too much risk in what we did, and only because of lucky circumstances have we not been found out. Or that he haven’t been found out is to hope at least. And I need you to tell me should anything like this ever happen again.” He looks serious and displeased. “If Adler takes advantage of any situation or my absence again, please inform me immediately.”
knowing. He’s not brave enough for that yet; maybe he will be in the future, perhaps with someone kind and strong by his side, to help him come to terms whatever might happen if he told John.
It was sweet and thrilling and left Dean constantly blushing and on the good kind of edge. It actually increased his output and the quality of it, simply because he knew that if he excelled, there would be good things waiting on him. Because that’s what those touches and that praise were – just genuinely
Out of a reflex, he is already grabbing beneath his pillow, looking for a weapon that is not there, and when he looks up in the panic that always swamps him with being unarmed and vulnerable, he stiffens out of a completely different reason than before.
“I wanted to give you all of this and more the first time I laid eyes on you. And ah, you can’t even begin to imagine what I wanted to do the first time I laid
“Heh.” Dean leans into the hands that cup his face, allows Cas’ lips to wander from his nose to his mouth to his jaw and down below, where his skin is loose and pudgy, where his chin is soft and jiggly. “Show me, then.”
But it doesn’t matter because his plea has worked and there’s strict hands on him again, and a stiff tongue inside, and it feels so
the marks blossoming all over his throat, imagines how many marks there will be to come, scattered all over that dreadfully empty collar around his neck. “You take such good care of me, Dean,” he whispers.
And within the breath it takes for Novak to say his name, Dean knows he is utterly, irrevocably done for.
But Novak just looks at him, silently, in that way that makes Dean feel vulnerable and transparent – as if his biggest fear, his biggest shame, was laid open. As if he could see the actual truth, hidden behind excuses and hard work and many smiles. And yet, Dean feels, that if there is one person who he could probably trust with scratching him open and laying him bare, with looking behind all of Dean’s bullshit and actually dealing with it, it would probably be Novak.
And for a moment there, Dean is inclined to believe him. Him, the bringer of pain and pleasure, the one whose final act of judgment is searing his skin, has him almost rut against him, has him almost break and spill.
But that started at least five minutes ago, and as far as Dean’s experience goes, this is about the time most guys come down from their highs and get a grip of themselves again, which usually includes patting their sex partners on the shoulder and trying to discreetly get away from them. Back when Dean was still in the scene, he often didn’t even get that, or an orgasm. As soon as his Doms were done – coming on his face or inside him or wherever they damn well pleased –, the whole scene was done. No matter if the same was true for Dean.
it sits snugly around his neck, fits seamlessly and perfectly, heavy with implications and with meaning, because although the weight of it is different from what he remembers, lighter than leather and finer than cheap silk and not adorned by studs that were meant to hurt much more than protect, Dean knows what it is, knows as much as he instantly knew what Novak was to him, because this one thing, he knows: he would recognize a collar anywhere.
“Good,” Castiel soothingly rolls out over his smiling lips, and that’s so not fair. “Does that mean you would still want to continue as suggested?”
“No, I–” Castiel takes a deep breath. “Maybe.” Dean shoots him a hurt glare that has Castiel quickly explain himself. “I did mean to impress you. To show you what I can do, that I can–,” he swallows heavily, “that I could provide for you, as a mate. That I would do anything for you, to make you happy. That I would risk my own company for you, in order to demonstrate that what I want of you is more than just to be allowed to be intimate with you. Not that being intimate with you isn’t something I also crave.” He feels the heat that must be staining his cheeks, but decides to ignore it. “What I mean to say is, it wasn’t my intention to humiliate or debase you, but to,
(such as that time right before the war, when Dean was gone without any explanation, and only came back when it was already too late. yes, that very time that his people still think he was wandering through the lands, drunk and drunken on whatever and whoever, his body as loose as his morals, as his loyalty. for he only returned when it must have been safe, when there was nothing left to drink or to fuck. that time that he might never be forgiven for - despite his protests, despite what he claims to have been an abduction. no fine prince, that Dean. and an even unfiner king)
Dean quietly smacks his lips at that to stave off the flush threatening to creep up his cheeks. Damn Castiel and his inability to either not recognize Dean’s attempts at dirty talk as such or to just accept them for what they are, even if they might put Dean down a bit or imply him to be anything but the good boy Castiel insists he is. "It was supposed to be a joke," he explains, lamely and while being only half-honest.
"What is your answer?" Castiel speaks softly against the sensitive skin behind Dean’s ears, his question breathed directly against the shell of it.
It’s when Dean swallows against his throat starting to feel even drier that Castiel’s finger resumes its little path. Blue eyes stay locked with green ones when he dips his finger into the knot, no force or impatience behind it, and smoothly pulls it open, loosens it just enough to make breathing for Dean that bit easier, to make it that much harder.
Dean might be easier than he thought, because it takes no more than Castiel berating the use of ‘fuck’ and ‘fucking’ to have his cheeks blush and his nipples perk up. If Castiel ever began to talk as dirty to Dean as he would like him to, chances are that Dean would just come right on the spot, no further stimulation needed. That is how pathetically bad he has it for Cas.
Along with them falls darkness into and over the room, only disturbed by small cracks where the blinds aren’t fully meant to cover the windows and where the light from the corridor and the glow of the city breaks in.
“But you didn’t ‘mess up’, Dean. He is notorious for being pedantic to the point of harassing, as soon as he has the chance to. Not only is it wrong, but unprofessional. And he seems to have waited for an opportune time that he found in my business trip to treat you this way because he knows this is nothing he could have done with me around. That I, as your superior, would usually be there to shield you from him.” Castiel sounds pained again, frustrated and disappointed with himself. Dean shakes his head.
But even that dark and probably true line of thought is quickly left behind, discarded for the moment, when Castiel speaks again.
“Yeah, I do,” Dean huffs out. And as soon as he does, even he realizes how childish he is being. Because Castiel has told him time and time again that he thinks about touching Dean a lot, that he has even had filthy fantasies about him, so it would be ridiculous to still cling to the idea that Castiel wouldn’t just touch him whenever because he dislikes touching Dean or that it is an attempt to put distance between the two of them. A rejection. Because Dean knows enough by now that it is really because of consensual issues – and that it’s a good thing how Castiel handles this.
“I relish in the knowledge of being able to do this for you. And I have wanted to do similar things in other instances as well, and wish to do so for so often. Like that one time I was out in the woods and heard a little chirping sound that I mistook for birds at first, which then turned out to be–”
“It’s perfect,” Dean reassures warmly. While Castiel’s body is an amazing mixture of soft and firm, the cushion of the sofa is nothing but plush and welcoming, and it’s nice to just let himself sink into it. Especially because Dean knows that he can always call Castiel and his strong body back to him, that he is in Castiel’s apartment, his
“Dean,” Castiel says, voice low and dangerous, “I don’t remember giving you permission to rub yourself up against me, did I?”
He lifts his hands, until now just lying limp and uselessly by his side, and reaches with them for Castiel’s hair and the biceps that leads to the hand with which he is caressing Dean’s belly. As he cards his hand through Castiel’s hair – as much as he can despite the somewhat awkward angle –, there’s a deep rumble coming from Castiel’s throat, almost like a purr, the sound of a satisfied creature.
“You know that Sam is only concerned for you,” Castiel murmurs, hoping that it won’t re-ignite Dean’s anger but help him see. “He is the first to notice if anything is wrong with you, and when he sees how tense you have been the last few days, of course he would try to talk to you about it.”
When she finally breaks her silence, she asks a few questions about Cassie and Lisa and all his other ex-girlfriends. Asks whether his feelings for them were real and– and he has to explain to her again what bisexuality means, and that he loved all of them, still likes women as a whole, just like he likes men.
At that, the corners of Dean’s mouth quirk up in the tiniest of smiles, and Castiel can feel the relief and affection practically flood Dean’s scent, and feel himself relax in return. “‘
Because robes like these, silk and expensive threads, were not made for the likes of him. They shouldn’t be bulging over bellies that sick out or a way too meaty butt or upper arms that they will strain around. They were made for people like Castiel, flawless in personality and looks and his every action. People like him who, in another time and at another place, would have worn nothing but robes that were long and flowing and precious, becoming of him and immediately distinguishing him as royalty maybe or some successful merchant.
Dean’s floating through Monday and Tuesday, all of him feeling good and accepted, in an unfamiliar but exhilarating way. Castiel and him see each other on both days for long enough that they can exchange some secret smiles and little greetings, but unfortunately nothing more than that. Yet, even that is fine and the world is rosy and everything is beautiful and nothing hurts. Dean handles all his duties without a hitch and gains a few new customers, even garnering him some unwilling praise from Mr. Adler, who drops by without previous notice, probably trying to catch Dean off-guard, but only manages to catch him at the top of his game.
Dean feels a growl trembling in his throat, and he bristles visibly. “No, ‘cause being short and having a babyface runs in my family.”
“No, wait!” Dean hastily intervenes. “Make that a No for the weight gain as well. If it’s meant for me. No more pounds for me.” In a moment of mental absence, he hasn’t really thought about how he he couldn’t afford to gain weight and just went with. Just thinking about how nice it might be to be a bit softer for Castiel and to have Castiel like that bit more meat and to have him feed him some more to reward him for it. Whereas actually, Dean is one of the last people who should think about putting on some weight. Not only would it mean he would have to buy a new assortment of suits, he would also simply look disastrous. What with his soft belly and his meaty thighs and butt and that little pudge beneath his chin that just won’t budge, he’s in no position to gain
“But,” Castiel began, pausing for yet another moment before commencing again, “but what if whatever bothers me is lying on top of me and trying to get me to talk about what bothers me?”
“Hmm, I woke up and couldn’t fell back asleep, so I came down here.” He shifts minutely, the tip of his nose brushing Castiel’s cheek.
Dean insists, more vehemence behind his words than he can remember mustering up against an adult in a long time. “No damn foster family would want to take in a delinquent like me anyway. No one wants some criminal kid, especially not one who’s worked as a–” He swallows and takes deep breath. “Especially not one who’s almost old enough to live on his own anyway.”
“Yet, you don’t look comfortable.” Castiel pauses, considers. “Is this about our scene? Do you regret what we experienced together last weekend?”
“‘m sorry,” Dean says, feeling pathetic about himself. He’s well past being a child and will be thirty in a couple of years – he should be able to place his own emotions by now.
Somehow, they have managed to get their clothes off without looking at each other (or at least, Dean was pointedly not looking at Cas, he doesn’t know what Cas might have been doing) and gotten in the tub in much the same decent way. But despite the modesty up until then, it’s difficult to ignore another person if they are sitting right in front of you in a tiny and wet space, with them naked and glistening, their legs obscenely crossed whereas Dean has drawn his to his body, and their skin touching Dean’s irregularly. Dean shivers with any touch each time, hears his own breath catch and sees the goosebumps rising on his skin, and he’s afraid Cas must pick up on his reactions, must see them, too. If he does, he doesn’t comment on them. Instead, he lathers up his arms and chest, and just hums to himself, low and without any discernable rhythm. Dean knows that Cas loves taking baths, and it’s kind of—
“The next one is…” There’s a little crease digging itself between his eyebrows, and he looks at Dean with serious and so goddamn blue eyes. “Dean, I’m sorry, if you might be really interested in this, then I would try to go along with it as far as is possible for me and give you what you want. I am certain that we might find a way, as safe and sanely as we have done everything until now. I believe we can plan and talk about anything. But, I personally have very little interest in the next point on the list, which is consensual roleplay of a non-consensual situation.”
Dean is the one to be a bit confused at that now because huh, he didn’t even hear his alarm going off nor did he notice Castiel probably shuffling away to turn it off and putting his phone on the nightstand, where it is currently lying.
“Well, nothing to be done about that, then,” Dean says, all of him light-hearted and alight with happy anticipation.
“You should know that it’s very important to me to know whatever there is to know about a new sub. Your preferences, your no-go’s, your triggers. I don’t want to accidentally do anything you don’t want to, and I won’t force anything like that on you.”
, about what it is they do. He is a true seducer like this, a demon through and through, not king of the crossroads for nothing.
“Yes. What about it indeed.” Officer Novak says and sits down on the sofa that is angled towards the one Dean sits on. For some reason, Officer Novak didn’t throw him in a holding cell or an interrogation room right away but shielded Dean and his flimsy clothing from the other officers, who just stared at him like a particularly interesting but also particularly repugnant insect, and led him into his own office and onto one of the two big leather couches. He also offered Dean water and cocoa and even some warm milk, but shut up with his offers when he received an indignant glare for the latter.
And just like that, the most vulnerable parts of Dean are bared; this neck and his chest and his belly and his half-hard dick. It’s only that thick stripe where his robe is open that he is naked, but going by how sensitive the already displayed parts are, he might as well be fully in the nude.
Castiel brushes his hand down from Dean’s side to his bottom, first one cautious time, then a next when Dean doesn’t freeze up or pull away, just chokes out a little breath and pretends not to have felt any touch. Castiel pulls him closer still, as if all of this was is either a very private or a very threatening conversation in an intimate setting instead of Cas trying to grope his butt at a mall.
“This wasn’t your fault, and you helped me clean up my me– mistakes.” He gently grinds down a couple of times on Castiel’s cock, not to arouse him but to drive a few pleasant sparks throughout his body and to show him that he means what he says and that they otherwise wouldn’t have ended up in the position they are in now. “But do you mean that? That he is kinda, uhm, out to get me?”
Castiel is all patience and no confusion, though even Dean can see his feverish insistence, the slight glaze to his eyes that shows he’s reining himself in. “I asked to dominate you.”
“I don’t know about that,” is all Dean says in ways of protest, but it’s too weak, too distracted by the lips and teeth working over his neck, that it is barely even reprimanded beyond a sudden nib.
of all things now, but he can’t place Castiel and whatever he is to him yet, only knows that the only ways he’s learnt to impress adults were to either take care of Sammy or to get them off. And well, since the former is off the table about now because
“Because you didn’t get enough to eat?” Officer Novak asks, all casually, no interruption in his tone of voice or in the conversation.
and this is how it evolves betwen them throughout it all; Dean is under Castiel’s personal protection, his charge as much as his victim, and they spend all that time of waiting with each other. Dean with his hands and feet bound, Cas with his tongue tied, and both of them looking forward to the end of this, however it may turn out. Dean often likens himself to a pet, forced to stay in Castiel’s tent and to entertain him, and Castiel supposed that assessment is not entirely inaccurate. after all, Dean does provide him with entertainment and some touches and the honesty of someone who has no choice but to be honest (from some point on). yet, he is also much more than that, more than an animal, because he is intelligent and insightful and proud and brash and vulnerable sometimes, and much more a companion, an equal, than a domesticated beast. (not least because Castiel is sure that Dean is the kind of beast that could never be domesticated.)
“You know you are not officially a delinquent; no prostitute charges were brought against you, so none of this will show up on your records. For all anyone would officially know, you and your brother were rescued from an abusive, neglecting home.”
“Reason,” Dean considers with a snort that ends up hitched when Castiel bits into his skin, then soothes the bite mark with his tongue. “All that reason seems interested in is for you to keep from screwing your assistant and to keep your job. Or keep up your reputation, at least. I sincerely doubt that this could do any harm to your position.”
“Yeah, good,” is all Dean replies. And he can feel those pictures in his head fading already, but there’s still a lingering feeling of dread clinging to him, uncomfortable feelings for things that will never happen. Like some real wuss, he can’t quite shake it off, even as Castiel sits right in front of him, his face a mask of concentration as he ticks off the No column, looking like his real and breathing and tender dork self.
“I wanted to see you,” Castiel breathes out honestly, and it takes all of him not to shudder on the exhale. The scent of Dean, his proximity, his fluttering pulse and deliciously warm skin under his fingers, all of it is already overwhelming him again, rendering him useless and
Nothing else happens. No prying questions, no yelling about Dean just helping himself without given explicit permission to do so immediately beforehand.
The sight is almost too much. Dean is not the one in any position to put a claim on Castiel, and yet, he has done so. Yes, Castiel has already willingly given himself over to Dean -- has made sure both of them were on the same page when it came to being exclusive -- but there were no ties and no bruises, barely any naked skin to show for it. It has been merely more than a verbal assurance from Castiel. And now, there it is, the unmistakable sign of Castiel’s mouth covered in Dean’s come, and Dean’s skin littered with Castiel’s bruises in return.
But not today and not right now. What he wants now is for Castiel to go on and relieve him from the sweet ache of arousal. After all, not being allowed to grind his cock against Castiel as he spanked him only made him harder and wetter. More
(Not abandoning him, not giving him up for anything or anyone better. But being there for Dean once more, just because he asked to, just because he wanted to.)
His words echo hollowly in the nave, the scene of their sin. Not on the altar, but also not far enough from it to gloss over the fact that they have crept closer to it over the weeks and months, and will one day soon reach it. Which will be the last nail in the coffin, the sacrilege. Since ordained though he might be, Castiel is also a disgrace to his calling, a sinner among saints. Unlike most – even if certainly not
When Castiel puts down his pen to look all over the list again, probably skimming it for things they have already done or that Castiel himself would never want to do, Dean can’t help but swallow heavily. The wet click of it must be loud enough in the room, in this close proximity of theirs, for Castiel to hear it and look up. He immediately looks concerned.
He has been waiting so long for this, possibly even longer than he had been waiting for for anything else -- he surely never expected Castiel to approach him with the offer of becoming his play partner, after all, yet he has had his fair share of fantasies about what it would be like to have Cas put him over his knees or desk and discipline him for a bit. To maybe have him call him into his office one day and tell him to drop his pants and bend over.
“but also before. But you won’t have to shoulder all that anymore, not alone. I mean it when I say that you deserve to feel safe and be protected, and giving you a living space for yourself is part of that.”
“You’re so beautiful, Dean,” Castiel kisses into his slight stubble dusting his jaw. “Absolutely perfect. You taste so good.”
He twitches beneath Castiel’s hand, as if he means to pull away, but in the end, he stays right where he is. Castiel can feel Dean’s pulse racing beneath his finger tips, in an anger that he can’t seem to shake off, and probably in anxiety.
They don’t see each other for lunch. Instead, Castiel goes to lunch with Balthazar Roche, the attractive head of a recently extremely successful upstarting company that Sandover intents to do business with, just like Dean has scheduled for him.
"I— w—" Dean stutters, and understands, and then he wants to cry, because this simply cannot be — maybe he is such an insult to his god that his god himself decided to come down, to ridicule him for it. Because it is not possible for someone like Castiel to regard him with anything but disgust.
Dean makes a soft, desperate noise and clings to his upper arms when Castiel finally covers him with his body, his own heavy and warm and wanting, already aching with his need. and he finally shields away Dean’s beauty and vulnerability as he has wanted to do for so long, maybe for longer than that night in his bed and the baths and the broken fingers, maybe since that one glance that had him already know that it would come to this, that his sanity would leave him for good, would be replaced by something much more significant and much more worthy, something of more meaning than anything in his life before. and he knows this to be true because upon the first touch of their lips, Dean’s first gasp into his mouth, his first soft little moan and his needy, confident grasp slipping down his arm, Castiel knows what it feels like when there is nothing but happiness, nothing but
“Yeah,” Dean says, and despite his earlier confidence in how he is allowed to do whatever in this kitchen and this household, he feels a little less sure of himself now. “Unless you got a problem with that,” he says, intending to spit it out, challenging in the way he is used to around people like Castiel, cops and grown-ups alike, but it comes out a little small, as too much of a mirror of what he feels like. Not a challenge, but an inquiry.
“I have watched you, beloved, I have listened to you for years,” Castiel breathes warmly against the skin of Dean’s neck, and the Omega shudders. “All your prayers and pleas, your honest and hidden words, and your confessions. I have wanted to meet you, to embrace you in the way you are deserving of, chase away the darkness that my very own followers have brought upon you. But I trusted you to take care of yourself until I could. Until I could worship you.” Castiel’s hand clenches at Dean’s neck, in an imitation of a mating bite, and Dean feels his body respond with warmth and the need to submit and with a flood of feelings of safety and adoration. “I have waited, and at last,” Castiel mouths against Dean’s neck, and Dean is ashamed to admit that he grows aroused beneath his robes. And that is when Castiel presses even closer, cradles Dean’s body against his chest, as if he not only knew of Dean’s arousal, but also wanted it for himself. “You are finally of age, and it is time for me to claim you.”
Castiel makes a sound that is a bit more than a snort but not quite a laugh and presses a quick kiss to the curve Dean’s cheekbone. “Are you not as sad anymore?”
and then there’s two impatient spanks to the soft inside his thighs, not enough to really sting but enough to make his flesh jiggle, and then it’s tongue and heat and inexorable delight. That’s all there is, around him and inside him. Nothing but
“So you said,” Dean replies, feeling cheeky and exhilarated because Castiel is finally close and above him again, is taking the time to play with Dean, to give in to his demands and needs, no matter how tired and done with his week he must be.
“Not because I wanted to. And not because I wanted to renounce you or anything. But I can’t wear it every day; you know how office politics are. How closely some people look at how you dress yourself and judge you and your skills by it.” It’s a truth he is not happy about, but it’s also not something he can deny. Especially because there’s more than his own reputation riding on how he looks and presents himself: as Castiel’s personal assistant, his reputation would also impact Castiel’s. He needs to look sharp and stay on top of his game, and must make people believe he is. Nobody who has some sloppy secretary will ever make it to CEO. “If it was up to me, I,” he huffs out a laugh at himself, “I would’ve worn it every day.”
“None that I could come up with from the top of my head, so I’ll go with No. Though I, uhm, did like the bath we took together. And I liked watching TV and eating some food, and yeah. I’m not sure if any of that would count as a ritual, but maybe we could establish it as one?”
Already on the defense again, as much as he doesn’t really feel like going through with it, Dean thinks he should protest against the amount of honey in the mug that he suspects to be his. Sure, he himself thinks the more honey, the better, but Castiel doesn’t know that. Castiel shouldn’t just assume to treat him like a kid and put in as much honey as he likes. It’s annoying. Especiallyso  when Dean’s assumption about which mug is whose is confirmed by Castiel pouring milk into the sunny mug, but not his the blue one.
In the end, Dean just nods, his hair brushing against Castiel’s cheek. Because yes, he might not be deserving of all this, but despite being aware of it, he is
“Yeah, yes, sir, please,” Dean whimpers because he is strung too tight, doesn’t know when he might snap, and he’s not sure it would be in the good way. His body is hurting and he wants some physical relief and he wants to be able to look into Castiel’s eyes again.
what he has learned, about the world and himself, who he is with, who is the one to reward him with kind words these days. Which is Novak, his direct superior, the up-and-coming star of Sandover.
Dean wants to keep feeling wanted, dreads what will come once it wears off. Especially since this might happen faster than he thought. Because Castiel is already pushing him off of him – he may keep his arms connected to Dean’s body and may try to set him aside as gently as possible, but there is no mistaking that what Dean wants is not on the table right now.
So, he takes up his robe and shuffles it on, and the weightlessness of it only helps to emphasize the weight of the bitten and kissed collar around his neck, and just like that, the tips of his fingers feel tingly, feel
Castiel made it Sam’s and his by bringing him into his household, by accepting them as their charges and giving them free reign of whatever he has. The Bed, the fridge, the TV, the bathing tub big enough to easily hold two people – whatever Dean could want for, it doesn’t matter. Because it’s already theirs to use as they please.
“Very well,” Novak says, and there’s something in how he speaks that sounds much like relief, and that could be elation in another lifetime. “Are you fine with the burger restaurant that we frequent?”
Though he knows for sure that at some point, he ends up in Officer Novak’s arms, sobbing and clinging to him, and there’s other faces and voices and names, and then they are gone. The world around him is gone. Passed out or asleep, it doesnt matter. Because the next thing he sees is Sammy, with fearful wide eyes and small hands clutching his rucksack, and they are in the backseat of Officer Novak’s police car and Dean can see their motel from there, some officers streaming in, streaming out, and Officer Novak, too. He’s got Dean’s rucksack packed as well and he gives it to him and takes his seat behind the wheel, and then they’re off.
Dean doesn’t even bother to respond to that, just lets himself enjoy the moment and the small bonus of time. The hand that drew circles into his skin mere minutes before is now stroking over Dean’s chest and belly, yet so slowly that the movement might entirely stem from the water. There’s certainly no hurry in the thumb brushing over Dean’s nipples without further intention or in how Castiel’s pinky moves over the edge of the bush of coarse hair that’s darkened by the water, scritching it just so.
Dean could see Castiel turning his face towards him, the light from the hallway briefly catching in his eyes.
Almost, almost, Dean shakes his head to negate, but he catches himself, reminds himself to be good, and merely grounds out a soft, “No, sir.”
“Alright,” Castiel says in a voice that, came it from any other person, would be followed by him clapping his hands, to further illustrate how finalizing it is. As it is, it is followed by a nod and a smile by Castiel. “But once you know, please tell me.”
“Dean,” Castiel moans, apparently satisfied with the view and the offer, and he thrusts his still trapped erection up against Dean’s belly and pubic bone, making him moan even more.
Because it might be that not all is lost yet, for neither of them. Neither soul nor sanctity. Dean’s own lips give reason to hope for that, as they betray the verisimilitude of his own words: no wolf could give kisses as soft and sweet and sacrilegiously sacred as he does, only a lamb.
That’s why he needs a Dom he can trust, he knows. A good Dom won’t take advantage of his subspace, will let him slide into it and take him through it and gently coax him back out. A good Dom won’t use his absolute surrender of control and need to please against him, but in his favour. A
“Ah, yeah.” And Dean still doesn’t know whether he’d dare to tell him – just yet and even now. If Dean would trust to tell Castiel. “But you know that goes both ways, right? That if anything’s not right or you’re not, uhm, satisfied, you have to tell me.”
Castiel lets Dean pet him for a while, doing nothing but watching him watch him, his lips still working every now and then against Dean’s skin, but with less fervour now. It’s as if Castiel is all too content to have Dean lavish some attention onto him now, for him to balance out the amount of petting that has been given and received between them – in this moment, at least, leaving both of them busy with caressing each other to an equal amount. Because like this, there’s Castiel’s hand stroking Dean and Dean’s hand stroking him, and it seems only fair and, above all, just really nice, for them to lie there and exchange affectionate touches with the other.
He texts back, “& yet u didnt pick up on it. should i call stanford & tell them what kinda hacks they accept?” and laughs when Sam just replies with an emoji that is sticking out its tongue.
His plunge wasn't into the safe, sane, consensual part of the Scene, though. Rather, his experiences were limited to the less favorable side of it, particularly so to careless Doms who thought that just because their relationship with him wasn't a
“No, I’m–” Dean can feel how the palms of his hands turn slightly sweaty in discomfort and he rubs his them against his soft pajama pants, the ones he was given by Castiel the night before and which he hasn’t been bothered to exchange for real pants yet, despite it nearing noon already. The very thought of Castiel forcing himself on him – or
For a moment there, Dean wonders if Castiel’s cock is dripping where it’s still confined to his pants. Whether it’s as wet and wanting as Dean’s hole is.
Castiel’s lips brushing the corners of his mouth and the little wrinkles by his eyes makes Dean think of another word that he could use to describe how he feels in this moment, one that might be the most accurate of them all:
“But how do you know, Dean? That had been the first time we have had a scene or been intimate with each other. You have no way of knowing if this might indeed only have been an ‘one-off’ or if this will become less of an exception and more of a rule. Which is why I need you to tell me, should you feel unwell again.”
Dean lets out a soft sigh. One that makes his shoulders sag in the beginnings of relaxation. “What else do you usually do for Aftercare?” Dean asks. He’s too exhausted to keep up arguing, and he’s even too exhausted to formulate his question in any way that won’t make him hear about all the things Castiel has done with other, more precious people.
“Okay,” Dean says, smiling and keeping himself pressed even more against Castiel as he sits up even more, bringing both of them in an almost upright position, with his arm still tightly around Dean’s waist.
“I, uhm.” And shit, Dean’s voice is faring no better than Cas’. “Didn’t we wanna wait some more? Like, not that I don’t wanna, but maybe not, uhm, right now?” He licks his lips. Yep, this was totally smooth.
The heat that blooms within Castiel’s chest upon this realization almost wants him to take Dean back to bed, just not for sleep, and to enjoy him in this utterly vulnerable and incredibly beautiful state, in which he is conscious enough to consent, but not enough to even attempt to put up a barrier. Not that he does so often with Castiel, not anymore. Still, for Castiel not even having to coax him into letting his guard down, to instead just receive Dean’s sweet sighs and open kisses like this, must be the greatest gift he has received tonight.
he breathes out and puts his hands on Castiel’s cock at first, then against his shoulders, pressing against them, asking for something his mind is too tired to put into words.
Which was an unexpected turn of events, if Dean had ever experienced one, and he had actually experienced many. But, true to his own words, he should focus on what was in front of him. What had, in fact, been in front of him for a whole damn while now, he had just been too chickenshit to reach out for it.
Castiel graces him with a soft little smile for that and with his fingers keeping up their little dance against Dean’s neck. It has Dean shivering in a delicate sort of pleasure. “Maybe I should have given you more neckties. A whole array of them, so that you have enough to wear a different one each day.”
Despite his desperation, though, Dean can feel when Castiel suddenly nods, the movement of which has the head of his cock slipping out of Castiel’s throat for a moment and then right back in again as Castiel digs his fingers into the supple skin of Dean’s hips and swallows him down to the root with a deep growl that has Dean trembling. It’s a possessive sound that is just further permission, an appeal for his boy to spill himself just like he is now allowed to, a sign of how even though Castiel is the one with a dick down his throat,
“I’m sure she is,” Castiel assures him and curls his long, elegant fingers around his burger and takes his first bite. He closes his eyes for one blissful moment, but has more manners than to moan around it, so all he does is chew it with the tiniest of smiles and his lashes fluttering.
And Castiel must also surely feel it skipping a beat, when he repeats, so quietly that only Dean could hear it, “I need you, too.”
The next morning, Castiel comes in as early and grumpy as usual and he smiles at Dean and they even have the time to chat for a couple of minutes. Dean asks Castiel about his trip, and Castiel provides all the details with an eyeroll and an exasperated huff about the business partners, their drinking habits and Mr. Adler’s reception of his results. He slows down a bit when Dean can’t manage to hide a huge yawn that goes on for a worryingly long time and then asks Dean if he’s alright and if he should’ve stayed the night before. Dean just waves him off with a smile that he hopes comes across as confident and not exhausted, and when Castiel frowns and starts to ask if Dean is alright, Mr. Adler steps into the office with a smug and decidedly too pleased grin, and whisks Castiel away.
not now that all of it is already bleeding from him fast, leaving only those warm feelings that he floated on top of at the beginning of the week.
“Yes,” Castiel says, voice dipping lower again, almost dangerously so, “because I do recall that you asked me not to use ‘penetrate’ and exchange it with ‘fuck’ instead, but I today am even farther from ‘fucking you’ than I am any other day -- from ‘making love to you’ as well, for that matter, which, as you know, is the expression that I prefer. But what I am doing right now is merely to penetrate you, so I will call it accordingly.”
Dean’s still trying to properly process how casual and natural Castiel sounds when he speaks about how they will actually stay together and move away, all three of them, as if it’s something that’s already set in stone and decided, no question about it, although they only talked to the child care lady maybe two hours ago. But what leads his thoughts astray is what else Castiel says, a word that catches his attention. One he’s grown familiar with.
feels like. Because while seeing Charlie graduate and having his father Bobby tell him that he’s proud of Dean when he finally got accepted by Sandover were quite the events in themselves, Dean would be hard-pressed to recall them right now – or any other event in his life, for that matter. Because how could he? Like this, with warmth and comfort and firm limbs pressing in on him from all sides, with the mouth of Castiel finding his own again and again, presses and licks and bites, like he’s hungry for it,
Not anymore, though. Instead of drawing back and laughing it all off, diminishing the heat and warmth he felt for the weirdo on top of him, he laid a hand on Castiel’s cheek, let out a sigh, and pulled him back into another kiss.
“You messaged me often enough. Also, I, of all people, would know how much you’ve had to do this week and with your business trips. I arrange your appointments and schedule your meetings, after all.”
Although, maybe, the “demanding yet rewarding” part doesn’t stem so much from the job itself, but his boss; because Novak asks a lot of him, making it clear why so many former assistants quit after less than a month. But he never fails to reward Dean for his hard work, making it worth it. He does so sometimes with something as simple as a smile or a proud nod, often enough also with a “Thank you, Dean” or a “Well done, Dean”, or even a “That was excellent work, Dean”.
“Don’t–,” Dean pressed out through heavy breaths, “don’t be a child, Cas. You didn’t come late – in fact, you came at the exact right time to fucking save me. And you saved me with what you can do now, as a
time, it’s four slaps, in a harsh and quick succession, to the sensitive inside of his thighs again. This time, it really stings.
So Dean obeys, with a litany of harsh breaths and soft and hasty cries of “Oh”s, “Ah”s, “Sir”s and one unsolicited little
But Castiel makes a dissatisfied noise and looks up at him. “Is that a Yes, No or a Maybe? Please, Dean, I need you to be clear about which box I should tick off.”
of which is enough to drive him even wilder, to heighten his pleasure and loosen his senses even more.
All of Dean’s thoughts come to a screeching halt at that. What? “No, that’s–” He frowns. “I know what dropping feels like, and this isn’t it. It would be not getting out of bed, being disgusted with myself and hurting all over for no reason and y’know. Just wondering why anyone would want so much at look at me, let alone touch me. Feeling all kinds of bad and crying and whatever. Not just
“That’s very good. But I haven’t given you permission for something as naughty as to fuck my face, so you shouldn’t do that.”
it because his whole face melts in what Dean knows for a fact to be pity and guilt, but it’s not like he can do anything about it. “What do you want me to do?” he asks, all cautious and open now, far from making his own suggestions about what would be best for them.
“That’s not what I’m worrying about.” Dean tries to sit up straighter from his comfy prison, but all he manages it to vainly struggle and sink in even deeper back in. He tries once more and at least succeeds to take up his position that allowed him to look at Castiel again. “What I mean is, what do we need a checklist for?”
“Hmhm?” Castiel replies into his skin, pleased and somewhat reminiscent of a very happy cat. His kisses don’t cease, in any case.
Castiel’s answering smile is brilliant and beautiful, all the more accentuated by his softly flushed cheeks. “I liked it, too,” he confirms in an uncharacteristically hushed tone, “you were wonderful. You have already surpassed any expectations I have had, and those were already high to begin with.”
One night, both Novak and him happen to have to stay late in the office, feverishly working through the accounts of a deal that is crucial for all of Sandover, but that a few guys from another department thoroughly
— would not even abandon someone like him if he were to wander down to the Red House and service sacredly.)
He’s dizzy with it, that moment of madness that is gone almost as soon as it came, with hands that grab Dean’s hips almost painfully and then pull him into a tongue that is already freed from Castiel’s mouth as much as it could be, impossibly long and deliberately stiff, and then Castiel’s pushing inside with it, spearing Dean on the length on it, like Dean asked for, like he
Dean all but purrs at the tips of those fingers dancing all along his skin, at the pride that swells in his chest and at how close and happy Castiel is, all because of him.
It makes Dean moan wantonly, makes him beg in tiny little “Cas, Cas, Cas”s for his angel to instantly let all those fantasies in his mind come true, but Cas seems to have regained his patience. He doesn’t hold Dean down and fuck him hard like Dean wants to, doesn’t split him open on his cock, neither does he sit back and tell Dean to ride him hard and fast; instead, his lips find Dean’s again, just like his hips regain their closeness, but this time, Cas’ hand also sneaks between them. His big palm gathers both Dean’s and his own erection, a slight slickness to them thanks to the precum Dean is too aroused to be embarrassed about. And when there is finally contact between them, when Dean feels with his very own cock how hard he has gotten Cas, he lets out a helpless moan and fucks up into Cas fist.
“Other people?” Castiel sounds honest in his confusion – hell, even Dean is. Because why would be bring this up now, when he’s being held and made to feel good again, only to possibly turn the mood sour. And yet, Dean can’t help himself. Because this week was tiring and he was lonely. Possibly even hurt.
“Do I have to spell it out for you?” Dean grunts out, and his cheeks look more flaming, even richer in their colour. “Keep squeezing my ass.”
Dean thinks of having Castiel clean him up, always with that fond smile and a warm washcloth and maybe some more nice words for him. Thinks of having Castiel dress him in pajamas or just some warm night clothes and having him lie down next to him, maybe cuddle him even again, just like he suggested. Maybe Dean’s lucky and ‘if that’s what you want’ also includes some more kisses and being the little spoon. Yes, he could sleep like this, get to doze off in Castiel’s arms. It’s a possibility he never considered nor think he could have, but now that he knows it’s in the cards for him, there’s he suddenly
Novak smiles at him, fully this time, and in what could be interpreted as fondness. “I hope you don’t just say that because you feel pressured to. If you don’t want to accept it, for whatever reason, Dean,” his voice dips low there, almost falling into a whisper, into something private, “then you don’t have to. I won’t feel offended, or be angry or be,” he pauses for just a second, “disappointed.”
“Not scared, then.” The smile has finally returned, making Castiel’s lips look all the prettier and more kissable. The hand around Dean’s bulge tightens gently, then starts to move a bit, fingers working in a rewarding rhythm against the slacks and making Dean’s breath catch. “Which begs the question what you
Castiel smiles softly down at his papers. “So, I think we could resume that you like to have company after a scene and that you enjoy, as one might say, creature comforts.”
you did,” Castiel sighs, and his eyes look fond, “holding you for as long as you need it, and checking in later on as well, to assure that you didn’t drop.”
It’s stinging and hot and Dean considers it a good thing that Castiel’s fingers do nothing but dance at the edges of his butt cheeks because Dean isn’t sure he could handle them being touched right now.
You are incredible,” he scatters sloppy kisses onto Dean’s neck, interrupting himself every so often with gasps of pleasure, each time he manages to push more of himself into Dean, “so relaxed for me, welcoming me inside.”
are always looking for a fight, right? Angry, angry teenagers who just don’t know any better and are always out for shit.
“Sure you don’t.” Dean snorts out a drunk little laughter. “Tell you what, though, Cas. I’ll give you all the ugly sweaters and gardens you want,” Dean whispers, nuzzling his nose against Castiel’s ear and pressing a horribly alluring kiss to its shell, “‘s long as you keep touching me.”
“You were very brave, Dean. Not just today, for finally telling someone about what you’ve gone through,” Dean tenses at that, because it sounds so dramatic, so
“Really?” Dean echoes. “Even though I, y’know, moved against your command? You had to punish me. More than once.” How many times exactly, Dean wouldn’t be able to say, though.
Castiel curls his brow in mild irritation, yet sits up a bit, slinging an arm around Dean’s back to draw Dean back up with him. “Should Adler think it necessary to search for and find any more ‘faults’ in your constantly impeccable work, then I won’t hesitate to point out the faults in his conduct to the Human Ressources Department.”
Castiel doesn’t have any time to stay and chat, though, because he has to give his report of the trip to Mr. Adler, of all people, and that – along with two other meetings – takes him the rest of the afternoon.
Castiel has never been to an actual mall before, so the amount of things to see and hear and eat and especially buy is overwhelming. And very fascinating. In his time of watching the earth and all its humans, he has come to see people dress in the most colourful and most extravagant of fashions, of course, but up until now, he has seldom had the chance to be up close to so many different fabrics, fashions and cuts before.
They ride the wave of relief by laughing seemingly endlessly, by swaying into each other’s space just so, just more than enough, clutching their bellies and letting go of all the tension and anxiety that had put them on edge the whole week, not fighting against the tears driven into their eyes by laughter.
“I want to feel you again,” Dean gasps out so quietly, it sounds like the secret that it probably is.
No kiss even, no proposition for them to go to Castiel’s place or his own and have their first test run as play partners, just that simple gentle touch that has left Dean abuzz.
Dean almost drops the necktie with how the urgent tremor that seizes his hands as soon as he realizes what this, the lack of a label has to mean; because he works will all kinds of people, with the richest of the rich, with those who would never buy anything worn by anyone else, with those that only accept what was not meant for them and to appease them, with those that would scoff at Armani, Gucci and the like because they can do
And instead of lashing out or running away or crumpling into himself, Dean lets himself sink into the welcoming leather of the back of the sofa, lets it swallow him and lets his head loll to the side, because keeping it upright would suddenly require too much energy, and like this, he can continue watching Officer Novak, with his troubled face and open hands and honest care.
Castiel confirms, low and unfortunately not as neutrally calm as he has wanted to. Even he can hear the slight catch, that small plea and offer in his voice.
Halfway home, they stop at a motel for the night, book the only room there is left – one with a queen-sized bed and a squeaky old sofa in the corner –, and drink.
Dean blinks up through teary eyes when what must be the fifteenth bell punch is being followed by a loud and thunderous growl and a slight tremble of the mountain. Everyone stills immediately, stares in nervosity towards the priestess, who pauses, but only for as long as it takes the mountain to calm. Then, unperturbed, she strikes again.
“You can take me home right after,” Dean promises. And with that, there’s a little fantasy already springing up in his mind, making him grow even harder and more mindless. “And there, you can punish me there for this. Put me over your lap like we talked about and spank me for being so– so greedy. A bad boy.”
It takes one painful week for them to meet up again. Though, Dean would have appreciated if there had, in fact, been
But Castiel doesn’t allow him any reprieve or any time to get used to the feeling. He pushes his tongue in and pushes it out, fucks it in and fucks it out. His hands are in an iron-grip around Dean’s hips, holding him still as if he didn’t even have the patience to test out whether Dean would be true to his word and be a good boy, but that he unerringly needs to do this as much as Dean needs him to do this. Keep him suspended just like this, lips sucking on his entrance with a pressure that is beyond sweet, is
“Yes, of course,” Castiel easily disagrees. “Do you think I hired and kept you on the grounds of being beyond beautiful? I made you my personal assistant based on your skills and attitude alone, not because having a gorgeous assistant is considered an asset by many. You already are an asset to me by your hard and precise work alone.”
Dean snorts self-deprecatingly, but oddly enough, not self-loathingly. “What are you even talking about? I constantly messed up.”
…that is, in Dean's fantasies. In his dirty little daydreams about his boss. Because really, that Novak would be like that, an attentive, dominant lover, is not a thing he could know (except he thinks he does), but more than that, it’s not a thing he will ever get to experience. Because he left the Scene; because someone like Castiel Novak would have no business to be interested in the likes of him. He is nothing but his personal assistant now, a nobody. And even back then, he was nothing but a weak little sub that couldn’t truly like what was being done to him, and yet didn’t even speak up against it, only completely turned tail once it became too much, with trembling hands and a longing heart.
“I do hope your smile is the result of a sight that you are satisfied to see instead of one that has you feel like laughing,” Castiel teases and brushes his smile against Dean’s – one Dean wasn’t even aware of until just now pointed out.
“Do you want a coffee as well?” Castiel asks, his words slow and sluggish and still directed towards the coffee maker. “Ah, or should kids your age not drink coffee?”
She just laughs and winks, knowing she came out on top, and steps away from the counter to accompany Dean on the short way towards his table. There, as promised, Novak already sits.
“Please,” Dean whimpers, because he knows by now that this is how he can get what he wants; that if he just asks, Castiel will give him whatever he could wish for.
When Dean blinks up at Castiel with heavy, droopy eyelids, fighting a losing battle to keep them open, he sees Castiel’s eyes, closed although fluttering, and his lips curved up into a small smile.
Jo gives a sniff at that. “Nah, I think you’re just like the other guys. With some strange fetish. And you know my mom won’t let you come here again if you didn’t tip me. And to allow that to happen, you’re too addicted to our burgers.”
Castiel snort-laughs and presses one last kiss to Dean’s lips. “If that’s the case, then I will bring some paper towels for us to clean up and we will leave in an hour at the latest.”
Any other time -- not in the middle of the night, for starters --, Castiel might have simply found Dean’s actions adorable, smiled to himself at any excitement Dean might have had about the Christmas tree or the twinkling decorations in the window. But he could not shake off his concern nor could he ignore that wistful, preoccupied expression on Dean’s face. “Is this about your childhood?”
And miraculously enough, Castiel truly doesn’t seem to begrudge Dean’s words from before; he doesn’t try to shorten their kisses or to pull away whenever even the faintest of chances arises. Instead, he seems perfectly happy to catch all of Dean’s kisses and give them back threefold, to open his mouth and run his wet and parted lips over Dean’s bottom lip, but for him to never turn this into something else, nothing more sexual than Dean does.
But he doesn’t think about that, not right now. All Dean can think about is that he is glad that he has chosen as he did, because not only seems Castiel happy that this is what they will do now, wash and bathe and cuddle each other, but he himself can’t help but be genuinely
He wanted to sit down at the edge of the bed and have a calm and collected conversation with his best friend, as any normal person would do. What he wound up doing instead was not to stop there, for whatever reason: once his knees hit the bed, he suddenly found himself climbing on top of it, and since Castiel was all spread out on it, there was nowhere for Dean to go but on top of
Dean pauses, letting Castiel’s words drip into him in silence. He wonders if maybe he shouldn’t have admitted to having been lonely; as this, most of all, seems to be what crushes Castiel. As if to forget about his own words, Castiel kisses two more marks into Dean’s skin, one next to the other, in a ring that just keeps growing.
“Would it be possible for Dean and Sam to stay with me for the time being, and that I could apply for guardianship for them in the meantime? I realize that, being a bachelor and working in a rather dangerous field, I may not be the most suitable applicant, but,” Officer Novak’s voice drifts off there for a moment, and Dean doesn’t need to be able to see to feel two pairs of eyes on him, “I believe it would be best for everyone if I were allowed to watch over the boys and take them up as my legal charges.”
Castiel snorts and presses his nose and mouth against Dean’s warm, marked-up throat and promises, “Gladly.”
Warning for mention/discussion of the following kinks: hand-feeding, food play, stuffing, weight gain, roleplaying, consensual roleplay of a non-consensual situation (rape fantasy) – The latter is discussed and immediately dismissed. For further information about the other kinks, please go to the end notes (spoilery summary!)
Then, Castiel breathes out deeply. With a cautious sound, he puts the pen down on the table and lets go of the sheets of paper. Instead of staying seated on his armchair, he heaves himself up, only to plop on the couch instead. Close enough to touch Dean if he reaches out to him, but not close enough to press himself against him in any way.
Before he can mull on it any longer, Castiel’s lips drag against the shell of his ear, breath hot and heady, and the hand still holding Dean’s splays out above Dean’s heart without quite losing their entanglement, caressing him. With anyone else, Dean might think that what he is trying to do is to play with his nipples, which do perk up at the touch, but with Castiel, he knows that he is searching for the beating of Dean’s heart, feeling how quickly it beats, how excited Dean is.
“To– all three of them, okay?” He tries to sound defiant, not as embarrassed at he feels. Of course, he had an inkling – or maybe more than that, an idea and a feeling of hope – about Castiel, about his behaviour and about how perfectly it worked with Dean. It couldn’t possibly been all coincidence, but it’s still weird and a bit alarming how obvious Dean must be in his submissiveness for Castiel to sound so assured that his first question wasn’t even
Thursday morning, Dean is by himself, but he’s looking forward to seeing Castiel again in only a few hours. Mr. Adler comes by again, gleefully explaining some minor error that Dean has supposedly made the day before, and commanding him to take care of it until the end of the day, even if it means he will has to stay late, if only to find that error and its effects by himself.
Instantly, Dean wants to clench his eyes shut and twist away, maybe dress himself again and ask for them to do what they are about to do with the lights turned down or off, and preferably with Castiel keeping his hands off Dean’s body for as much is possible. Dean could just ask to suck him off and then get out of there, to never return again. Leaving them both to awkwardly forget any of this ever happened.
“I have a hotel room,” is Dean’s answer, and it’s more than he could have hoped for. The only times he went to a hotel were with some
And for a moment, an ugly, dark feeling surging up in Dean at this thought. He recognizes it all-too-quickly for what it is, as he has grown familiar to its sting with every new school and every of his classmate’s relaxed and carefree smiles, when all the troubles those other kids knew were bad grades and being grounded, not being poor and rootless and scared. It’s
Relentlessly, he works over Dean’s tummy, scolding Dean when he sucks it in so hard that it becomes obvious that he does. He coaxes Dean to just let it go and let it expand naturally, and once Dean listens to him and just breathes normally, not trying to hide the roundness of his belly, he also relaxes more. Weird, how he can feel the air expanding his lungs more throughout all of his body, the effect instantenous in how even how the kisses he receives feel less constricted and more pleasurable.
Castiel, for his part, seems to pick up on it, too. Which is probably easier than it should be, what with the man he just spend the better part of the evening lavishing with attention still stands in front of him, naked and bearing his semen, clutching his clothing and taking a step back.
Maybe Castiel would do better to just kick out Dean and keep Sam, leaving that brat of an elder brother to his own devices.
His body feels too tight, too small, suddenly. He’s torn between the edge of pain and pleasure, between believing Castiel’s praise just like before or refuting it, between allowing himself to give in to all of these sensations or let his mind rule.
forcing a sweet moan from Cas, making his angel sing and press all of his body against Dean’s, the hard line of his desire, making Cas grasp for him in return, with greedy hands and even greedier lips.
It takes him a second to realize that a scream is just a scream and that he has a job to do and blows to count, so he quickly calls out, “One!” and pushes his ass up and against to where he knows the next bout of sweet pain will come from.
So, instead of lying and saying that he already does or instead of speaking the truth and risking to sadden his Dom, Dean just nods. “I keep my promises. Also, I told you not to worry and that it wasn’t even that bad. Sure, I didn’t feel too well, or maybe a bit worse than that, but it would have been bearable.”
Despite Dean’s resolve, things come to a head on Sunday, on their third date of the weekend. They have gone to the fair, of all things, where Cas gorged himself on everything places like this have to offer (and how can that man still have a body like his when he constantly eats like a pig?), whereas Dean stuck to a sad little slush ice. Despite how Dean’s legs feel heavy and sore, like they are made out of lead, he has a good time and laughs a lot and gets a lot of kisses, and all the troubles of his diet and exercise regime are forgotten when Cas takes his hand in his and they walk back home. There, it only feels natural to keep riding on the warm wave of affection, to come back to Cas’ place and flirt a bit more than usual and to make their kisses last that bit longer. Although Dean doesn’t want to go all the way with Cas yet (at least not for as long as he’s still all jiggly), he feels like going a bit further, to get some special touches and filthier kisses and make out nice and well. He actually craves to.
So, Castiel meticulously begins to cover the back of Dean’s neck with kisses, each one of them placed with such apparent thoroughness that Dean knows he must be trying to catch all of his freckles again. He is fine with that, though, because beside his freckles, Castiel takes care not to leave out any of his sensitive spots, too. He lavishes them with his tongue, wet and almost too much, and uses his spit as a means to tightly seal his lips against his skin, painfully so, and sucks flaming marks into it.
Luckily, Castiel’s next words seal the deal, dissipating any and all traces of possible hesitation. “I believe I have also given you the promise to put you over my lap and spank you thoroughly, and this as of yet unfilled promise has been weighing on my mind all week.”
“Now,” Dean starts, letting the warm wave of anticipation and safeness wash over him, the corners of his mouth raising up into a small grin, “do you have any more of those cornflakes left?”
The bedroom looks just as messy and used as they have left it. The night before, neither of them could have been bothered to care where the bedspread or the superfluous pillows, put there by Castiel’s housekeeper, landed. All they did was yank the covers up, snuggle in under them together, share Castiel’s big memory foam pillow, then fall asleep with Castiel’s arm hung loosely around Dean and Dean’s back resting against his chest.
Dean gulps. And there it comes creeping in, that almost too hot and not hot enough, cradling and shaking and fulfilling feeling that he wants to ride on, that he wants to enjoy to the fullest. Enjoy
“Cas, listen,” Dean began, “I know I’m not exactly the poster child for talking out your issues, but, uhm, I’m trying to do better. And encourage myself and other people to say when they got a problem. Be more open and all that. It’s a bit weird at first, I get it, but it does help.” That flush again, heating his skin. “Me, at least. It makes me feel better. Less alone, I guess. Less responsible for,” he made a throwaway gesture that could only be heard in the room, not seen, “everything, I guess.”
Castiel does come in around the end of noon, when afternoon is already on the verge of arriving and the shadows are getting longer. And when he comes to Dean’s desk to greet him, it’s the best Dean’s felt all day, almost as great as at the beginning of the week, despite Castiel’s quick glance to Dean’s lilac necktie and that trace of disappointment that seems to flit over his face.
Dean makes a helpless, frustrated sound, indicating the two of them with a jerk of his chin, and it has Castiel’s brows crease in displeasure and his fingers tighten around Dean’s wrist in an attempt to ground him. And also himself.
whatever gentle shit Castiel says and does to him on any regular day, but today is no such day. Today is when Castiel should hurry up, just push into him and get it over with, so that Dean can get used to being fucked again.
So, is that what he wants? Sure, he meant to tell Castiel that he’s not exactly fond of humiliation, but he didn’t get around to quite finishing around saying that, and anyway, it’s probably always a bit up for debate what ‘humiliation’ would include, exactly. And whether Dean just doesn’t like being shoved around and spit on, or if he also feels tears burning right behind his eyes whenever he is supposed to endure the degrading words of another person or also himself.
“Who put a collar on what? Novak, you got a dog?” Jo’s voice is like a bucket of cold water suddenly spilling over them, running shock through Dean’s bones and making Castiel pull his hand back with a face that Jo doesn’t see but that makes Dean want to bend over the table and let Castiel spank his ass until he’s pleased with the world again.
And strangely enough, that is what is weird and what is missing, even though it should be the expected state of things, is what he has gotten used to over the years, not— whatever he was hoping for. No phantom feelings of arms wrapped around him, holding him securely, of lips pressing against the nape of his neck, of a constant chant of sweet words that were, unlikely as it sounds, directed at him.
Castiel just looks at him, in the same way he has looked at him whenever he exposed some part of that past that, for some reason, won’t quit feeling shameful to Dean. That is too difficult to properly think about, to put into words, to even acknowledge to himself. It’s annoying – almost as annoying as that, despite Castiel’s attempts to appear neutral, there’s still some lingering traces of pity in his eyes whenever it comes to this. Yes, beneath the heat that always arises and the hard edge of caring, there’s
The hand on Dean’s shoulder tightens, as naturally as it was put there in the first place, and the gesture makes Dean ache. For something he never had, something he had laughed about when there was just one more father encouraging his son on TV or another mother on the court cheering up her kid with hugs and kisses and proud smiles.
his mouth again, kissing both of them breathless in their mutual desperation. He only pulls off once their panting becomes too much and keeps them from kissing, and he places his forehead against Dean’s, the meeting skin slick with sweat and rhythmically pulling close and away again with the inexorable movement of their hips.
and that I only share with my husband, who supports me and loves me and makes me feel so good and…” Although the Christmas tree is the only source of light in the room, Castiel can still see the tears shimmering in Dean’s eyes. “So, yeah, I’m lucky.”
“i will wed him,” he declares one elusively leisurely evening in front of the fire place. “i will take that whorish prince as my husband.”
In the morning, they still didn’t care about the bedspread, the pillows or the piles of discarded shoes and clothing. So, all they did was brush their teeth and wash their faces and then trot into the kitchen, where they ate some seriously buttered and honeyed toast, drank the richest-tasting coffee Dean has ever had in a private household and just lounged around and talked about their upcoming mayor elections and their favourite foods for a bit, until Castiel suggested for him to go and get the list.
Such as when he bites into Dean’s bottom lip and tells him that he has dreamt of touching and holding Dean before he even knew what his desire was, what this physicality was that he was craving for.
coming, dressed in his rumpled dress shirt and the boxers Dean has managed to get him down to the night before, but he’s wearing nothing beyond that and a look of determination on his face. And it’s with that look that he strides forward, towards Dean and the bed, both still waiting on him, and he doesn’t even slow down once he’s got his knees on the mattress, crawling forward with the same fluency and resolution as he had when walking, and it takes Cas no time at all to reach the head of the bed, to hover on his hands and knees above a wide-eyed Dean, to stare down on him with dark eyes.
And the hotness between Dean’s legs comes so suddenly, yet has been swelling for years, and the physical realization of it seems to be just as much of a turn-on for Cas as Cas’ is for Dean, because as soon as Dean bucks up against him, their erections sliding together through two layers of sheer fabric, Cas grows into their kiss and thrusts back almost
Castiel’s smile almost grows into a grin then, gummy and seemingly innocent. “You still like to see it as a collar.”
Soon, both of them sigh into their kissing, long and pleased. They only finally draw back again when the first tip of a tongue comes out to swipe against the seam of where they are connected, wet and a touch too much for the moment, making their eyes blink open dazedly and search for one another.
“Wha– hey, no, it’s fine. Thank you, but I’m used to it. It’s no problem, I swear. I mean, if I mess up, it’s good if there’s someone to tell me, so that I can improve and. Yeah.”
Officer Novak sighs and runs a hand through his already tousled hair. It makes him look more like a human being than a cop, not like the hand of the law and not like what Dean had tagged for a client, but turned out so much worse instead. But them’s the break on the streets, he supposes; tough luck. But what can you do when you can’t trust your instincts when your guts are telling you that everyone’s a bad guy, and when they are always right about that?
He wants to show Castiel how well he can behave instead, so that he will know in the future, should Dean misbehave, that that’s not all he is. That he’s not constantly deserving of some sweet punishment, just sometimes. That he can do
“Yeah, well,” Dean says, and he sounds as if he is still rather irritated. “He can shove his concerns up his ass.”
“Please what, Dean?” Castiel asks, not as a tease, but a reassurance. Despite the evidence of Dean’s desire pressed up against his own, he needs to know that Dean truly wants him like this right now, whether this is alright. Because heat has been growing inside of Castiel ever since he had come downstairs, and he does not want to burden Dean with something he might not be in the right headspace for right now.
But what Dean feels at that is less a spark of desire and more the heat of embarrassment, because wow, had Charlie heard what he just thought, she wouldn’t just laugh, but probably never let it go. And not even in a mocking way, no, she’d move beyond the giggles and winks and go straight to ‘I’m so happy for you’ and ‘That was so adorable’ and ‘I hope he will take good care of you’.
Dean clenches his eyes shut, the annoyance at this very reasonable objection overriding any possible feelings of rejections quickly.
With a heaving chest, Dean lets go of his ears and his gaze sweeps over the sanctuary for a moment, where no one else but him and the priestess have been able to recover from the roaring and everyone else is still cowering and panting, and then he hesitatingly glances towards the stranger. Over his white vestments and the blue girdles and the golden ornaments adorning him, up his broad shoulders and a face so beautiful, it’s inhumane, to piercing blue eyes that are looking directly at — at
Cas keeps on smiling and presses a small kiss to the tip of his nose. And maybe Cas is just weird or something, because that must be really gross in that moment. Maybe he’s just generally gross, maybe that’s why he says stuff like that to Dean, seems to want to touch his undesirable body.
afterwards, whenever he woke up naked and by himself come morning, but that isn’t the point. The point is that he doesn’t want to give Cas a reason to leave him, and any reason that’s not good enough to make him stay would be one to leave. Like being pudgy and soft all over. No one likes double chin.
“Maybe,” he simply replies, squirming uncomfortably. There have been enough people who must have thought him
The silence following it is deafening — almost as much as the roaring itself was. Dean hears his own blood rush and his breath punch out of his lungs. He is utterly lost in the functions of his body that he does not notice, within the first moments, that in front of the shaking priestess and not far from himself is a stranger.
He does nothing more than to sleepily murmur Dean’s name in confusion about his crowding in close and to wait and see what he does. By the time he’s got it, his big arm is lying protectively and tightly around Dean, right where the boy has placed it, and with other hand, he reaches over Dean’s head, brushing his hair with his skin, and lets his fingers skirt over Sam’s scalp, petting his head. Just clumsily and slowly, with obviously no petting experience to speak of, and yet it is enough. Enough to have Sam sigh out and murmur and snuggle even deeper into his brothers arms, already fast asleep and with his shivering gone.
Castiel chuckles a little at that, but he doesn’t let any unnecessary time pass between Dean’s approval and his own move. Just as Dean leans forward, so does Castiel, with his hands reaching to tilt up Dean’s face with a few fingers brushing underneath his chin and his nose nudging guidingly against Dean’s cheek.
“If that’s the case, then you should behave yourself and only do what I tell you to. Because I know something that will make you feel even better than cotton pants and some friction. Something that we have been talking about already. Do you remember what that would be, Dean?”
The clock in the kitchen ticks on for a handful of seconds, Dean’s shame growing with each of them. He thinks of how Castiel wanted to give him space and still slept with him when he asked him to, and how this is the immediate reward Castiel gets for it. A brat wearing his clothes, rummaging through his kitchen, eating his toast, and sassing him because he’s too proud to accept his coffee on top of all that.
“What?” Dean sputters and feels like shooting Castiel a disapproving glance, but all he manages is to shake his head towards the dip of Castiel’s throat, daring to look up a tiny bit higher, and then drops his gaze again. “No, no. You’ve had more than enough to do this week. You should go home and rest and enjoy your weekend and let me take care of my work, like I’m paid to do.”
Dean wants to rub up against him, but not even to chase any sexual gratification, just because he wants to be closer, as close as possible. Luckily, Castiel seems to feel much the same, because instead of remaining motionless in his position enough to tease, his mouth is quick to search for Dean’s, a rushed out, breathless “Dean” the only heads-up before their lips touch, are sealed in a kiss.
However, behind him, Castiel does not push in any further, but lets out a displeased sound, something incredibly familiar for Dean by now.
Is that finally it? Has Castiel finally realized that any effort and time spent on Dean is wasted? That any other sub would do just as well or probably better? Is this already the end of a short-lived dream that Dean knew to be too good to be true from the very beginning?
Dean whines and writhes pathetically beneath Castiel’s hands. Because he wants to be spanked and touched by Castiel, wants to be close to him and help him take pleasure from his body and their activities, be the one to be responsible for Castiel’s orgasm. And yet, even if the alternative doesn’t sound as appealing as any of this, Dean has to admit that watching Castiel masturbate and having him watch him do the same does carry an appeal of its own.
With tight little thrusts, he ruts into Dean, never pulling out more than is absolutely necessary, as if the very idea of ever leaving the welcoming heat of Dean’s body again is ridiculous. And Dean would not even want him to -- now that he feels that fullness again, that pleasure mixed with the already fading ache, he questions how they could have thought that there was no time for this within the last few weeks, how they could ever voluntarily miss out on this.
They are working together in the finally used garden all morning, and whenever Castiel passes Dean by, Dean sticks his butt out in his direction, flushes an exquisite shade of pink and talks in a loud and attention-seeking way and sometimes even wiggles his behind a little.
” Dean doesn’t need the damn pity in her eyes, couldn’t care less abut how she’s already opened her mouth to disagree in a way she couldn’t
Dean almost bucks up at that, but all he does is twitch in Castiel’s hold and on his lavishing tongue, and Castiel doesn’t even reprimand him for that, just grunts and licks deeper, presses his face so strongly into Dean that his nose tickles the top of his crack, and Dean knows that this will be it, that he can’t go any further. Any other time, he would ride the tongue and the beautiful man behind him, would take what he can’t stumble back from, but even if there’s his plunge into pleasure about to happen, he
Apparently, Dean can hear it, too. For he tilts his head to the side just enough to be a clear invitation and lets out the sweetest sigh Castiel could wish for. Castiel couldn’t muster up the will to resist even if he wanted to, so he presses a series of needy kisses to Dean’s jaw and throat, to his bobbing Adam’s apple, and he slings his free arm around Dean’s waist to pull him in and up against him. Allowing Dean to feel what his presence does to his body, and feeling his own effect on Dean hard and willing against his thigh.
“Well then, enjoy your meal.” She shares one last look with Dean, and Dean is glad that she doesn’t have the chance to grab him, drag him into the backroom and ask him all of the questions that she obviously wants to ask. Because instead, all she can do is take her note pad and pen in hand and strut off.
to him again, calls the nude and willing man to his side, and yet still shakes as though facing a predator. they are both scared, and starved, and this is not what they should do, not right now, possibly not ever, but it’s what they
Regardless of how earnest Castiel’s words were and how much he despises the mockery the Dean has made of them, he is actually right: for instead of saving Dean’s soul or exorcising him as he should, all Castiel does is give in to the demon’s seductions time and time again, and commit the most heinous of sins right there in his own church. He could not desacralize this holy place any more beyond making those few last steps to the altar, and seeking wicked pleasure there. Even robbing the church or burning it down could not hold a candle to what he has already done, to how he has offered nothing but blasphemy at the altar of his Lord, in front of the tortured and strung-up shape of his only son, the world’s savior.
So he says nothing and just lets Cas do whatever he wants to. He allows him to pepper his face with kisses, to keep silent even though his claims about Dean’s beauty are evident in every press of his lips, to guide Dean down onto the couch and squeeze in beside him, his hands and lips always roaming, always tender.
“Because,” Castiel begins in a voice that is undoubtedly meant to soothe but only furthers Dean’s agitation, “we have to talk about last night first. We will have to discuss what was good and what wasn’t, so that he know what to avoid and to repeat. Also, we will have to set boundaries.” He sweeps a warm hand up Dean’s arm, and Dean wishes he would keep it there, grip him with it and direct Dean with it. He doesn’t, though. Instead, it wanders up to ghost over Dean’s face and hair, and then is lost. Along with Castiel, who pushes himself a little away from Dean, putting space between them. “As for what is allowed outside of scenes. In a personal setting, in the workplace, wherever. What both of us would be comfortable with.”
Out of a necessity Dean really has forgotten about (along with his own name and which country he lives in), he and Cas share a bathtub.
“Alright,” the man says, his voice a deep growl that Dean might possibly like any other time, if he wasn’t freezing to death and trying to feed Sammy and if he didn’t know that the clients who are already unhappy before they begin are usually the most vicious ones during an after. He’s scared, but he won’t show it; what good would it do anyway? Either drive the man away or make him even worse – even when they are buying another human being, the clients don’t want to see themselves as
He looks like he usually does, albeit maybe a bit more kempt than when Dean saw him a couple of hours before. Even though they had been seeing each other occasionally throughout the day and even had a small meeting where they talked shop about another upcoming deal that Novak wants to do with Dean, they didn’t finish work at the same time. As both knew already, Novak had a short day today, and Dean, as a proper personal assistant, had to stay longer and still organize whatever there was to organize before the weekend. So, he came straight from Sandover to the Roadhouse, only having had the chance to freshen himself up a little in the company’s bathroom. Novak, though, looks like he’s come straight out of a shower or beauty parlor or fashion magazine.
“Alright, alright, alright,” Dean grumbled, feeling himself flush for some inexplicable reason. “Have it your way. I actually just came here to ask you if you wanted to come for dinner, but I’m guessing that Mr. Mopey Pants probably wants to eat about as much as he wants to talk.”
this is. How good it feels, how this is just for him, just for them. Dean giving up his butt and any lasting pride to have Castiel tan his ass.
So, Dean nods and shakes his head at the same time, stammering like the idiot he is, “I, uhm, no, I don’t, y’know I’m not— it’s… I can’t, and… uh…”
“Good.” For the first time today, there is the hint of a smile playing around Castiel’s mouth. He reaches for the cupboard that Dean knows to be filled with his assortment of honey and, with a confident motion, takes one out. Dean doesn’t know if there’s any difference between the types of honey, whether there’s a reason for why Castiel decided on this one without apparently thinking twice on it, but asking would also be really lame. He would honestly be embarrassed for himself if he just went out and asked, ‘Hey, how do you choose the right kinda honey from your big-ass collection?’
“Stay with us. Or with me, I don’t know. If Sammy wants it, too. You in the room or next to him, I mean. So stay on my side of the bed with me and then we’re next to Sam, and he will still be able to see and touch me and I can do the same with you, and just– yeah. Stay.” He feels pathetic and so small, smaller than ever before, smaller than whenever Sammy woke up in the middle of the night, crying and shaking, and Dean had to wipe away his own scared tears to comfort him and cheer him up. He wants to be there for Sam, he does,
Dean has been on edge ever since him and Castiel have returned from their grocery run, and Sam seems to have noticed as well. When, for the third time that day and for a much higher count that week, Dean just shoves off Sam’s concerns and tells him different variations of “Go eat a dick” or “Stop being so anal about my shit all the time”, Sam finally has had enough and becomes loud and angry.
It’s sounds reasonable, appealing even. As afraid as Dean is of the spell breaking with the first light of the morning, he’s also sleepy and comfortable and wants to make the best of what he has, for as long as he has it. He’s always liked the few times he got to sleep next to another person, lover or no, and to be allowed to not only share the same bed but probably also Castiel’s intimate space, to remain in his arms and affection for the night. Is all he could want as a final instance of this evening, should this be all he will get. Maybe he will wake up before Cas and use the time before he will wake up too to bathe in Castiel’s proximity and really take it in, process what his mind is too sluggish to understand right now. Too hazy to fully appreciate just how good he’s got it in this very moment. With his mind, that is. Going by how secure and comfortable he
Though, ‘wrath of God’ was probably the wrong phrasing, seeing as Castiel had completely lost his grace not so long ago, and was just as human, even if a bit more awkward, as the rest of them.
“Another rule,” Castiel murmurs against Dean’s forehead, and while he keeps speaking, his words are interspersed with little kisses that are just as tender, as caring. “You are not allowed to speak ill of yourself when we do this.” A soft kiss against Dean’s brow. “If you were easy or a ‘slut’, as you say.” A soft kiss against Dean’s freckled lids. “It surely wouldn’t have taken us months to get here, for us to build enough trust to even think of sharing something like this.” A soft kiss to his cheekbones. “And if you were, it would in no way dimish your worth and this would nonetheless still be the greatest honour.” He finally presses his lips back against Dean’s jaw. “To touch you like this.” And a soft kiss to the hollow of Dean’s throat, where necktie and skin are only loosely connected, the silk not protecting his throat from the insistent kisses its being peppered with. “To kiss you like this.”
Silently, Dean blows out a breath. He can feel Castiel watching him as he does, and he already knows he won’t get out of this one. Either allow Castiel to go all the way – including letting him take care of Dean and also Dean telling him if he doesn’t feel too good – or no step further. It should be a simple decision, and in a sense, it is. But not completely. Because on the one hand, he doesn’t want to lose this arrangement and the attention of this man he longs to please. And on the other hand, he’s not sure how much of Castiel’s time and attention he should really be allowed to claim for himself; if even he wants all of that, this unerring focus on him and his needs. Letting Castiel fuck him and play with him every now and then is one thing, but having someone who is striving to become the next CEO of Sandover waste precious time on Dean just because he’s unable to just enjoy their scenes without coming away with a boo-boo? That’s a whole other story.
And while he has spoken, Castiel’s face has turned into a grimace, and it’s obvious that he tries to hide it and get a proper grip on it again, but his eyes and mouth are tight with something that’s– Dean’s not exactly sure what it
“Is this alright?” Castiel asks quietly as he guides Dean further onto the sofa, so that his back is pressed against the back of it and his thighs are resting on the leather, and as he settles himself up above Dean, straddling him, one knee pressing into the side of Dean’s thigh, the other stretched and allowing him to remain somewhat steady on the ground.
“Yes,” Castiel says, with the tips of his fingers playing against every part of Dean they can reach; his dressed back, his combed and gelled hair, his naked neck. “It seems I was right to fear that I was the cause of your distress.”
Dean feels the heat creeping over his neck and under the cuffs of his dress shirt. “I guess so. We’re meeting for dinner.”
what they are building right now. It’s only Dean’s greed again that lets him read too much into this – that has him drink these words down as if they were truth, as if they weren’t part of an arrangement.
but Dean can feel Castiel smile at his own lame joke right where he is, breathing hotly and almost casually against Dean’s hole, and Dean wants to shy away from it because no one has ever done this for him, has licked or kissed him at a place so filthy, and that’s also why he wants this even more. Because
Dean can’t stop the small laugh bubbling out of his throat at these words, relief spilling over, and when he smiles at Cas, Cas is already smiling back at him. “Maybe next time.”
Just from that, Dean knows he is fully hard again, precome pearling at the tip of his cock that is squished into the mattress, being smeared onto the sheets.
Dean squirms, embarrassed despite the heat pooling deep in his guts. He wants that, yeah, oh does he ever. Wants Cas to hold him down and bite and suck his skin, so that he can press into the bruises whenever he feels lonely during the week, whenever he misses him. Which he does a lot. Too much, he often thinks.
It was Dean’s turn to be surprised when he felt Castiel’s tongue and lips immediately claim him that way, without any hesitation.
and Castiel, sitting himself close enough to gaze at freckles on ashen skin and to take in Dean’s scent, is waiting, too. indeed, for the very same thing as the priest: for the ceremony to start
“Dean,” Castiel sighs. He knows that there is little sense in trying to convince Dean to forgive Sam so shortly after their fight, but as much as he wants the brothers to behave harmonically, he also doesn’t want to see Dean unhappy.
They move carefully to sit down on the bed again, trying not to spill the coffee or the milk in the bowls, and deposit themselves on either side of the bed. Some random side, neither ‘Dean’s’ or ‘Castiel’s’, as the night before, there was also no such thing. Neither when they went to bed – because Castiel carried and placed a still deeply relaxed and bathed Dean onto the same side of the mattress that he himself took – nor when they slept – because they were entangled with each other, in the middle of the bed, never straying far enough to have either of them claim any side as theirs. They were a pile of limbs that came to look like a couple of spoons eventually, but unintentionally.
The demon stops his humming and directs his dark gaze towards Castiel as the priest gives no reply, just silently stares at him.
“Yes,” Cas agress, still with that roughness, “and I don’t intend to go further than either of us wants to right now. Truthfully, I don’t even want to go beyond putting off our shirts and ‘making out’, as you would say.” Dean frowns, actually a bit disappointed, and maybe even vindicated. Because if he looked a bit fitter, felt better in his body, he would have liked to do some more now. Not the full-on stuff, but still. Maybe Cas has already caught on? Has the bit of groping been enough to get what Dean’s body is really like?
“Uh, yes,” Dean replies, because it’s true, in a sense. He doesn’t want to pee, but he still needs to
“I would never punish you for this, never for expressing what you want,” Castiel murmurs, and then Dean can almost hear a little click when his last words register, when Castiel goes rigid for a moment and just lets out a soft and breathless, “But
“So you should understand why I care. Why I don’t want to ‘stop bothering’ with taking care of another lost sheep.” Castiel says, having no free hand to do air quotes, but hoping Dean will nonetheless understand him.
“No,” Officer Novak says and leans forward a bit, his eyes straightforward and inescapable. “If you won’t tell us by yourself why you are most likely underage and working the streets and why there is nobody who keeps you from doing so and seems to protect you in any way, then I vow that I will
Because he’s sated enough already. Despite Castiel’s show and the potential of another round, there’s no need for either. Or anything else. Because in this moment, there is nothing Dean could want for.
envy Castiel his food and think about ways with which he could, as quick and easy as possible, steal it from him to bring it back to the motel room to Sammy, because it’s already his.
The opportunity for which arises when Sam storms out of the room in a huff and an avalanche of scornful words and with throwing his hands in the air. Because when he does, all the anger and will to fight appears to just leave Dean’s body, making him appear deflated and sad as he caves in on himself.
(the theatrics are the very least what Castiel owes Dean. they won’t be able to blame Dean if Michael’s brother is the one to wield the blade, if Castiel will be killed by the guards not soon after, if the only heir of their measly kingdom will be extinguished, only to illuminate that much stronger the not-quite-widow, the already promised new ruler, standing right in front of the whole congegration. it will be quick and easy, will be clear for everyone, will make Dean their new king and Castiel just another traitor)
Castiel’s answering sound is choked, yet does come across as pleased, as considering even. But he shakes his head.
Castiel places one sky-blue mug of coffee under the nuzzle and taps a button. Instantly, the machine whirrs loudly again and spits out a dark and rich-smelling liquid. “That was also not an answer. Do you want a cup as well or not?”
so much more than you as a submissive. Your well-being should always come first. Not the scene or me or anything else.”
“I don’t wanna know what might happen if he knew about–” He flushes, unsure of how he wants to phrase this. Because yes, they are in a BDSM arrangement and are play partners, but their small, broken-off conversation and Dean’s own feelings make all of this seem like even more. Like there should be another term they should use, not just colleagues or play partners or whatever else.
“I will be,” Dean gasps out, the return of plush lips on the terribly sensitive insides of his cheeks stealing his breath.
“I’m sorry,” Dean half-whines because he knows he should be embarrassed by how needy and easy he is.
“C-Castiel,” Dean manages to croak out, breathless and still too deep in that pleasant feeling that the simple stroking and kissing has brought him to speak properly. Immediately, Castiel looks to him, his blue eyes eager, serene, soft.
Dean laughs and beckons him closer, hands him a bunch of clothes that must be for Castiel to sleep in. “says the man who decided to stab his own brother with seemingly no reinforcements”
“What I mean to express is, asking you to become my submissive was already highly unprofessional and an absolute exception to my usual conduct; I’m not in the habit of mixing work and pleasure.”
“I don’t know,” Dean suddenly bursts out, ashamed and frustrated with himself. “I don’t know what I would like to do. My former Doms, they– they left me to care for myself most of the time. Some of the would hold me after an especially intense scene, but only if I asked them to, and I–” I didn’t,
Castiel closes his eyes for a moment and presses his lips against each other, in what looks like a moment of grappling for calm, because this – this is just embarrassing, for both of them. Though whereas Castiel looks like he is trying to rein himself him in order not to overstep any unspoken boundaries and speak out of line, Dean stiffens his lips and posture to hold off the heat and delight and incredulity. Because Castiel sounds like he has actually thought about this, about
It goes even better than he thought it would. Charlie squeals and hugs him, and thanks him for telling her. He feels nothing but pleased when they sit on the couch and play video games afterwards, their bellies full of pizza and beer, and he doesn’t feel the need to hide anymore how handsome he finds Geralt.
Dean didn’t even remember calling out for Castiel specifically. He thought all he had done was scream and curse and hoping for either Cas or Sam to come and help him.
So, in order to give him a bit of reassurance and support at least, Castiel decides to speak the same language that Dean does – that of actions.
And in the next moment, Dean is sitting on top of him, feeling clumsy and shy about how exposed he is like this but still craving the gentle rubbing of their cocks, both of them sporting more than a chubby, and how even nicer it feels as he slowly moves forth and back, making the already plumb length still hiding underneath Castiel’s clothes grow.
“Aren’t you afraid of getting crumbs in your sheets?” Because Dean usually is. Not that he regularly indulges in eating anything that could crumble – like bread, cupcakes, bagels, or whatever else other people tend to eat in the morning – because he sticks to protein and veggie shakes that he also prefers to eat at the table or on the go. But even with them, he would be afraid to spill them and sully the sheets. Which is a rather reasonable fear, Dean thinks.
It is very endearing, particularly so because even though Dean may not be as terse and short-fused anymore, he still won’t meet Castiel’s eyes without his own flitting away and without all of him tensing and fidgeting. So, it’s a nice change of pace to see Dean so happy and relaxed again, and to see his belly swollen and full with all the delicious food he treated himself to.
Castiel’s eyes only wander for a moment, and it almost feels like a caress when his gaze sweeps over the features of Dean’s face and his shoulders and his vestment-clad body. “I do.”
He can hear Castiel take in a long, almost shuddering breath, around the wet clicking of his throat, and then letting it all out again.
Novak smiles and, terribly enough, it’s the same smile he always graces Dean with whenever he’s done something especially well. Sometimes, that smile is accompanied by praise or a fleeting touch, something to sweeten it and the finished work behind it even more. More than that, the smile looks honest. As if Dean’s clumsy compliment and company were something to actually be happy about.
“Fine,” Dean says, well-aware that he sounds like a sulky child giving in to something he’s not really in the mood to. “Let’s try to figure this out.”
“Yes,” Cas reconfirms. His fingers start stroking again, but not as demanding as before, more tender than anything. “Would you allow me that, Dean? To take off your shirt and keep kissing you? Kiss all over your beautiful torso, make you feel good, mark you up for those days during the week in which we can’t see each other? Give you something to remember me by, and give me the same in return?”
“Six!” he yells, and without quite meaning to, he finds himself with his fingers grasping at one side of the sofa and at Castiel’s shirt, the cotton warm and yielding under his hand, and even more so when Dean scratches against the nipple hidden beneath it and pulls Castiel even closer.
and his begging to keep up the role he is supposed to play, lapses in reason and gives in to his need to just rut and moan.
“I want you to count the blows out loud for me. Should you fail to do so, I’m afraid I won’t take the risk of accidentally spanking you for an incorrect number of times, and I will have to begin anew. Is everything understood?”
“ he sounds as if he actually believes himself selfless. “i will send out my messengers with the first light of dawn, and expect them to bring him back no later than within the week.”
Before Dean’s tender cheeks meet with Castiel’s crotch or the couch though, Castiel rolls him to the side and off of him, making sure that the only parts of Dean touching anything are the left side of his body, head and shoulder hips and the length of his left leg. Like this, the sheet also doesn’t brush against Dean’s lotioned up skin, and Dean sighs softly.
Dean allows him to fondle him freely, and he even gets used to it so much and so quickly that he misses Castiel’s touch when he lets go of him again and reaches even higher, to the knot of the bathrobe’s belt, the only thing helping Dean stay covered, the only barrier left between them.
has treated him to, insisted on paying as a thanks for accepting his invitation, as a promise of more to come. More caring, more caretaking, more–
Only then does Dean notice that they must have moved during their kissing. So slowly, probably, that they weren’t even aware of it. But they must have, because Dean can’t remember them being in this position, with his body lying along the length of the sofa, legs stretched out so far that his shoes almost reach the edge of the seating surface. And with Castiel above him still, but his arms to either side of Dean’s face now, boxing him in, whereas their lower bodies are somewhere between connected and hovering, just close enough for both of them to be able to feel just how good what they are doing feels to the other. And just like this, all of this seems familiar already.
“Look at me, Dean,” Castiel requests, and as soon as Dean does, his lips are covered by Castiel’s, taken in feverish kisses. Even if their kisses can barely be called kisses at all, as Castiel is panting too much and Dean moaning too often for their lips to meet properly. But they feel good, like the last missing part of a puzzle finally slotting into place.
Cas strokes over one of Dean’s butt cheeks, with the intention to soothe him maybe, but the tenderness and casualness of it, as if it were a lover stroking his lover’s cheek – on his face – only makes Dean feel hotter, has him lose himself that bit more.
“Dean,” Castiel’s gentle voice lures him out of his thoughts, and without Dean really noticing, he’s squatted down in front of him, in his ridiculous blue polka dot pajamas, and looks up at him with big, blue, concerned eyes. “You understand that, right? That I only want to give you space and that I do not now nor ever will look down on you for what you did to keep yourself and your brother safe and fed?”
“No,” Castiel says simply, definite. “I have told you what I will do, and this is also what will happen. I will take all the time I want and kiss all of your body first before my lips will touch your length or any other beautiful, intimate part of you that I have yet to explore.” Despite the sharper tone of his voice in the beginning, it becomes mellows out as he goes on, and the look on his face has Dean wonder if he may be fantasizing about it, about which else of his ‘beautiful’ parts Castiel will get to see. “Right now, I want to touch and kiss your belly, and I will do so for however long I please. Unless there is something you need to tell me.” He squints at Dean, thoughtful. “What is your colour?”
Now there’s the beginnings of proper confusion written on Castiel’s face, and he stops with his shuffling to fully concentrate on Dean. “Because we don’t know anything about each other. About our preferences, I mean. I am not confident that I would remember to ask every possible preference and kink unless I have it written down, so that is why I like to do it like this, with a list. Unless, of course, you are uncomfortable with this and want to discuss this verbally. I would still want to write down where our preferences match afterwards, though. I will probably not be able to remember everything otherwise.”
He’s average by nature and may only appear a bit better than that because he fights so hard and struggles even more. And even then, he is nowhere near all those nice terms Castiel describes him with. Far from them.
Castiel’s smile is wide and boyish, and it makes Dean remember rows of blushing emoticons and a single, drunken one blowing a kiss. “I know from our work together that – unless we will have to save a deal again, which would be likely to keep us here all night –, there are no tasks that should take us more than an hour to complete if we do them together.”
“It might be a bit embarrassing at first, but it’s important that we can be frank about our scenes,” Castiel says. “If it is entirely too uncomfortable for you, we can also try to take another approach. You could write down your opinion or use the list – yes, that is what it’s here for – to show me what you liked. But if you want to continue our arrangement in any way, I consider it mandatory that we find a way to communicate. Whether written in the beginning or verbally. I need to know what you like and don’t like.” Castiel considers him for a moment, that blushy and crookedly grinning man whose embarrassment must be easy for all world to see. Castiel tilts his head to the side. “That is… if you are still interested?”
“Stop air quoting me, Cas,” Dean laughs into the crook of Castiel’s neck, kissing him there as though changing the topic, what with the hint of teeth between his lips. “And I’m not a sheep – I’m a
Dean would like to say that he’s wiser than this, that if Castiel hadn’t come to take care of him in the end, he would have been dead to him. The truth is, Dean probably still would have given in to him again anyway, the next time Castiel would have come knocking. Even though Dean knows he might drop indeed – and only now is he able to see that yeah, Castiel has been right, he was with one foot in a sub-drop – and even though he has promised himself to never let himself be treated like this again, Dean isn’t sure he could be able to resist Castiel completely. Because it’s not just a leather belt and a hard hand that he is being offered by him, but hope and kind words to go along with it, to soothe him all the way through it, and always open arms.
“Excellent,” Castiel murmurs, putting one last kiss to Dean’s sternum, where the beat of Dean’s heart must be the strongest, and sits back.
“Jesus,” Dean sighed to himself, regretting all of his life choices (as usually). Instead of doing the sensible thing and just walking away to let Castiel sulk by himself, he stepped into Castiel’s room and shut the door behind himself, extinguishing almost all of the outside light. Without bothering to turn on the ceiling light in return, he drew closer to the bed, stumbling in the darkness. Although he could not see with his eyes unadjusted to the lack of light, he knew the layout of the room well enough not to bump into anything – besides, all he had to do was follow the always palpable existence of another human being in the room. Without so much as hitting his foot, his knees sank into the soft give of the mattress.
“Good. And the same is true for yellow-lighting me. We have this system for a reason and it is a powerful tool of communication. If either of us decides that we are uncomfortable with what is happening, we should make use of this system. That is what it’s there for.” Castiel considers while he draws little circles right under the flaming skin of Dean’s butt, gently. “In fact, I am proud of you for telling me what you wanted. Whether it was that you wanted us to slow down or that you wanted to kiss me or see my face. The importance of your voice and preferences don’t end with the beginning of a scene. What you want matters any time.” It feels so nice to hear that and have Castiel caress him. It feels honest. “Besides, it humbles me that you trusted me enough to be forward about your needs. As do your needs themselves humble me. Because I too immensely enjoy kissing you, Dean.”
– from your ‘clients’ and from whoever fails to protect you at home, from whoever is responsible for you being in this kind of situation in the first place. You think I want to screw you over and that I enjoy picking you off the streets and threatening you with jail, but the truth is, I’m doing this for you, I’m doing this because of kids like you, I’m doing this because you deserve to be
“–or secretary and superior,” Castiel concludes with a small smile that is more than verging on smug, and he must think himself very clever.
“Could’ve fooled me. What with the way you tend to your flock, bring the good news, and care for lost sheep.”
"What would you want me do instead? I want to keep in better contact with you, as something that will be integrative to our arrangement. There must be something like this for you as well, something you must want to be incorporated, in order to prevent what happened this week and to get the best out of this for both of us. And please, Dean, don'tt say nothing. There must be something.” Castiel sounds more than serious about this, and maybe one step away from taking Dean by the shoulders and shaking him until he sees reason.
He knows by now that his body is certainly not repulsive to Castiel and that he might derive some genuine pleasure from it. Castiel did, after all, kiss his every inch. But that still doesn’t mean that he is overwhelmed by the beauty of Dean’s body or whatever, and it also doesn’t mean that Dean has to show him quite plainly just how flawed and certainly no reason for arousal his body is. And, above all things, Dean simply doesn’t feel comfortable in his own skin, not enough to be confidently naked.
“I don’t.” Castiel huffs, but not in amusement, and briefly closes his eyes.“But is there anything else? Anything that I could give you, that you might consider to be ‘more than enough’, yet that you might wish for? I mean it when I say that I want to make amendments for this week and that the blame for it is mine to shoulder. I need to see where it was that I have gone wrong, and how it is that I could do better in the future.”
“In here,” Dean admits with a voice that won’t quite keep its full volume. It’s daunting to speak his mind, sure, but as equally daunting to think of what it will entail. That is, to spend a night and a morning in bed, enjoying breakfast and each other’s presence and maybe even a bit more. It’s unfamiliar, but not in a bad way – it’s
So, Castiel can’t help but stay right where he is as Dean bares his teeth, growls and stalks up to him. The other Alpha may still paint an imposing picture in general, but it doesn’t incite Castiel to retreat or adopt a threatening posture anymore.
“Well done, Dean.” Castiel nods. “If it’s like this, then you may come here now to lie over my lap.”
“No, not yet. ‘Cause I made an error in a report I did recently, I had a little more to do and didn’t quite get around to doing everything I needed to. But no worries, I’ll be done soon enough,” Dean explains to the lapels of Castiel’s coat, somehow unwilling to look up higher. He feels embarrassed, though he’s pretty sure it’s not because of that Adler thing, but because of something else. He’s not entirely sure because of what. Maybe because he just finally wants this week to end; maybe because he just wants Castiel to touch him for the first time ever since they’d said goodbye at the door of Castiel’s apartment. Maybe because both of these things seem so close and yet so far.
Dean clicks his tongue. “Maybe, maybe not. If you just called your archbishop or whatever, he might come and help you. Forgive you for laying with a demon, cleanse you, banish me, all that jazz. Who knows, maybe they’ll just let it fly as so many other instances of misconduct, and you’ll get a medal or something. Either way, you could be free of sin again and just happily live the rest of your days as a good and proper priest who helps the poor, heals the sick, and walks on water.”
And Dean writhes against the cruel hands on his butt and against the kind words in his ear, chokes out an equally as happy as relieved sob, and then whines.
this time, fingers tightening around Dean’s racing pulse, a desired punishment in itself. “You are not allowed to move anything but your lips from now on, unless I explicitly tell you otherwise. And no back-talking. If I say compliment you and tell you that you are perfect, then you are not to contradict me, but accept my compliment for what it is.” His hands leave Dean’s wrists again, regrettably, but the same is not true for the heat in his eyes. “As the absolute truth.”
How is it that Dean seems to forget the feeling of this time and time again? That that overwhelming happiness appears to be a mere dream once it’s ebbed away, and when it returns, it’s all the more powerful for it?
In contrast to that, Castiel’s lips do nothing but ghost all over that hot, pulsing skin Dean has offered to him, only him, his teeth only coming out to play for fractions of a moment, scraping against neck and throat, but not nibbling, not biting, not marking. Not yet.
“If you help me quickly and well enough with my tasks that we will actually manage to get out of here this weekend, then yes.”
“I don’t know if I can,” Dean chokes out, and Christ, does he hate how his voice breaks around his words, how every tear is audible in it.
"It pains me that you would consider this anything but the truth. That I could not show you how much I adore you before, that any tenderness was taken from you in those years when you needed it the most." There is an underlying growl in his voice, and Dean does not need to see to know from the gasps behind himself that Castiel must be glaring at his other followers.
“I’m happy to hear that, although I wish you wouldn’t have had to be sad in the first place,” Castiel says in earnest and with his voice slow and sweet like honey. “I will keep to my promise of taking better care of you and I want you to keep your promise of telling me whenever you need to be taken care of.”
“Only good things, I hope?” Dean asks, and he hopes it comes across as teasing instead of like seeking reassurance that he didn’t seem
Dean whips around, having been to lost in his thoughts to have noticed him. His heart beats a bit faster at Castiel’s voice, too unused is he to suddenly having a person that is neither Sam nor his dad creep up on him, in whatever space he may have claimed as his nest just now.
So Dean dreads the new year. Dreads that with the first day of it, the priestess will not be kind enough to waste the temple’s silver and space on him, and — for her own good name and despite her mercy — will banish Dean from the temple grounds. He will own nothing but his robe and his deformed body, and through the cold winter air, he will make his way down the mountain, to the outskirts of the farthest village, to the Red House, and come to serve there. Yes, he trembles and cries when he thinks of it at night, and the other servants mock him with the future everyone knows will be true for him, but he will endure. He will not hang himself from the highest tree he finds, he will not dive into the sacred tide, only to never come up again, he will not let himself be ripped apart from the patrons in the Red House. He has to live, for his family that could not, and it does not matter whether his knees are shaking and his eyes are overflowing.
“What the hell?” Dean says dangerously, anger still blazing in his eyes. He must have been full of rage and compassion for the last half an hour, had it building up more and more with every minute that he had to wait for Castiel, ever since he had received the contract and sent an urgent message to Castiel, telling him to come immediately. After all, firing people has always been something Dean has loathed to do, Castiel knows. Something that makes Dean’s heart ache and bleed, for the fired people and their families alike.
“Everything,” Castiel promises, hot and wet right into one of Dean’s most vulnerable and intimate parts.
“No. If you don’t keep your promise, then no spanking at all will take place. Neither as punishment nor in any other context,” Castiel deadpans. Despite his clear-cut words, his hands are still busy petting any part of Dean they can access, and Castiel’s lips, too, are grazing his brows. He may be serious, but still playful. “I need to be able to trust you, Dean. In the same way that it is essential that you will come to fully trust me.”
“This won’t influence your job at all, of course,” Castiel promises. “Should you feel uncomfortable working with me after my proposal, please don’t hesitate to tell me. You are very renowned even among the veterans of Sandover and I have no doubt that I could easily make sure you have an even better job under another person’s tutelage. You have made quite a name for yourself, and even without the excellent letter of recommendation I would be happy to write you, there is no doubt in my mind that you could find a new and better position anywhere. Whether at Sandover or anywhere else in the city.”
“If you,” Dean begins hesitantingly, and Cas stares at him unerringly, and the familiarity of it is comforting, “if you still feel that way in the morning, you can try again. Tell me all that shit sober
“Cas,” Dean moans, and it’s a plea, one that is not properly spoken by his lips, but demonstrated by them nonetheless, as they brush over Castiel’s jaw and cheek, leaving hopeful little kisses in their wake. And Castiel might get what Deans wants, and if he doesn’t, then he might have had the same need swelling inside of him because he turns his head around, his lips against Dean’s, unifying in a kiss again.
