“Overwhelmed,” Mycroft answered. “And because he’s a baby, and that’s what babies do.” He took each step slowly, one foot at a time, and kept close to the wall.
"You're naked because you're not covered in frosting..." Mycroft put a bit of frosting on the tip of Sherlock's nose and chuckled when the baby went crossed eyed. "Now you're a cupcake."
Mycroft turned back to Jawn, who while had listened and placed his dishes in the sink, was now playing in the faucet that Sherlock had left running. The little doctor laughed and clapped his hands in the running water, leaving red-tinged droplets and puddles all over the counter.
“That’s what happens when you stir it,” Mycroft said, finally taking the first bite of his own treat. “Try it again, it’s even better this way; it won’t freeze your teeth now.”
Jawn begrudgingly sat up and stepped into the onesie that Mycroft was holding for him and let him button it without complaint, but he had a permanent pout on his face.
"Probably, though none that come to mind. I don't make it a habit of hiding things from you." Mycroft rolled his eyes at the huff that came from Greg. "If you'd like to have a solid row about this, can I put the baby to bed first?"
, I'm not going back 'to the dope'," he sneered. "There was a purpose to that, and now that purpose is over."
Sherlock thought about this for a moment while he chewed on the knuckle of his thumb, and realized that these were probably the only choices he was going to get…at least if he wanted to keep helping. “‘kay,” he said again, brightly. “I do it! See, My’coff?!” He picked up the second bib (which he’d known Jawn wouldn’t pick, as he wasn’t as fond of Winnie the Pooh as the little detective was) and tore the velcro tabs apart, putting it around his neck. “See?!”
"Good boy; last one for the evening." Greg placed the biscuit in Sherlock's waiting hands. "Then it's time for your bottle."
“Do you know what happens to little boys who bite, Jawn?” Mycroft asked, while undoing the snaps that ran along the crotch and inseam of Jawn’s onesie.”They get their very naughty little mouths soaped. What a wonderful thing to look forward to!” Mycroft snarked, pulling Jawn’s onesie up his back and using it as leverage.
"Traitor," Greg told the sleeping baby. "Can you use your magical powers and find out what his doctors said?"
"Yes. The sauce you like is called fish sauce." Mycroft had put the cupcakes in the oven and was giving the mixing bowl a wash.
"Bring me another flannel." Mycroft looked down at his little brother and sighed; "...make that two of them."
"Ummm..." Molly stared down at her feet. "Maaaybe...just for a little while, 'cause I still gott'a work!"
The entire floor of this flat was just going to cave in one day; he’d be willing to bet money on it.
Sherlock pouted around the nipple in his mouth and made a small, whimpering noise at the back of his throat.
"I know, I know, I'm almost there, big boy." Greg ran right through a red light. "Just hold on, and keep talking to me."
Greg climbed up after Sherlock but when they both got to the top, instead of being allowed to follow his brother and his Jawn, Greg put his hand on Sherlock's lower back and steered the little detective towards his and Mycroft's bedroom. "No, this way."
"The batter is. Let Greg wash your hands, and we can pour them in the muffin tins," Mycroft said, and turned the mixer off.
"Myc'll have my arse if he finds out," Greg grumbled to himself as he pulled the cupcakes out of the fridge.
“Of course you can.” Mycroft moved to the cabinet, having to step over Sherlock, who grabbed at his trouser leg and giggled at him.
Greg rolled his eyes; "Of course you do," he sighed, and helped Sherlock hop of the counter. "Once Mycroft gets Jawn to bed, you can have your surprise."
“Whomever wins…” Mycroft considered this for a moment. “Whomever wins, is not required to clean the kitchen when you’re both big again.”
Sherlock squared his narrow shoulders. “Jawn is going to change me," he declared. He glanced over his shoulder at Jawn, who was chewing on the corner of a pillow he had clutched to his chest.
Mycroft rolled his eyes and pulled the nappy bag from behind the sofa; "I'm not sure why I ever put this away," he said, and moved to kneel down on the floor at Sherlock's feet. "Gregory," he called out.
"No one's peeking on you, cupcake...promise," Greg said, and carefully slipped Sherlock to the floor so he could get at the rest of the sparkly things.
Mycroft made a face at Greg, who was completely baffled. "No. We're eating Thai tonight. Have some noodles."
"Just wait and you'll see." Greg stacked the two balls together, then pinched off another small piece and start to roll that into a long tube.
The good doctor chuckled again, patting Sherlock's back lightly. "No, I think we will use it; it’s perfect in the right context for you." He listened to Sherlock’s frustrated breathing again, before he started back up. "Right, the consequences; sometimes a smack will do, but there are other things. Time out, loss of privileges, writing lines, early bedtimes… I think we'll leave that up for me to determine, yeah?"
"It was perfect" John reassures, pressing his cheek into his boy’s forehead. "And I intend to be doing quite a bit more of it in the future." He can feel Sherlock's smile against his skin.
"Brrrr!" Sherlock gave a small shiver, his cheeks pink and his breath came in quick huffs after a dash through the brisk air. It was highly likely that that had been the most exercise his little brother had had in a good while, Mycroft noted. "Is al'la po'ds, My'cobb?!"
"I don't have the power to mine every single detail about him, so I guess I shouldn't be surprised I don't know shit-all." Greg formed the ears of his elephant snowman and attached them roughly.
"Naw so ba'," Jawn poked at his elbow, trying like hell not to wince. "I okay. I dun' nee' it. F'ank you."
Holding his change of clothes in a shopping bag, wet nappy sagging pitifully, Sherlock was positive he had zero idea of what the hell he was doing.
"Great. When he's big he'll forget 'Greg' but he'll remember 'mud'," Greg scrubbed a hand over his face.
Billy and Baxter were so surprised that they dropped all of their flowers. 'Oh, hello there. We're very sorry. We didn't know anyone lived here,' Billy said, trying to put the last daisy they'd plucked back in place.
“Colouring, like you both asked me to,” Mycroft grunted as he turned his head to avoid getting a mouthful of curly hair.
Sherlock’s head snapped up, and he gaped at his brother as his bits were powdered. “Bu’d it was funny!”
Sherlock scooted by, careful not to get caught up in the melee’, and fetched both ducks from the bottom of the tub. “Bu’ tha’s Jawn’s net,” he said with a slight frown, and nudged it with his toe.
"Don't we always?" Greg sat up slowly, trying not to disturb the mattress and, coincidentally, his boyfriend. "Do you need a dry bum first?"
Sherlock shook his curls vigorously. He reluctantly handed Daddy his jumper before heading into the sitting room and pulling the cursed little stool from underneath the end table next to the sofa. Sherlock glared at the weeping duckling on the seat. He hated that duck. He wished it’d get eaten by a large predator with very sharp teeth.
"Or to pull through on proving it." Sherlock scooped four heaping teaspoons of sugar into his tea, the corner of his mouth hinting at a smile when Mycroft made a pained face.
Mycroft ignored his little brother, turning instead to the girl behind the counter. “We’ll be taking our order to go, thank you.” He made both men sit at a nearby table while their food was packed up. “Bums stay in the chairs, or they become targets,” he said before walking back to the counter. Thankfully, there were only three other customers in the place, and two grown men pitching fits and pouting were hardly the strangest sight London had ever seen.
Jawn was curled up under the bed in his and Sherlock’s ‘big’ room, fuming. Their ice cream trip had gotten cut short, he hadn’t gotten to go to the toy store, he hadn’t gotten to go to the park, he couldn’t have his dummy AND he was having to find another one for the git who’d stolen his! All because Sherlock had decided to be a crybaby and hog all the ‘tention again. He heard Mycroft saying something from the sitting room, and covered his ears.
The little detective giggled and popped his bottle out of his mouth. “No, p’wetty!” he said, smiling and wrinkling his nose up at his brother. A thin line of juice dribbled from the corner of his mouth and down his chin.
He doesn’t understand why he feels more alone now, than when he did while he was abroad. It’s too big a concept to deal with; his mind, usually blissfully quiet after a session, feels crowded in on all sides instead. So he crawls under the covers, still only half clothed.
"I remember reading that nappy cream helps." Greg put his own plate into the sink and stood at the counter while eating pasta straight out of the pot.
Sherlock stuck one of his colorfully-speckled thumbs in his mouth and nodded as Greg got up with the washcloth and went over to the sink to run it under a warm tap.
, Gregory...not neurosurgery. There," he added with the very last pin. "Now you can look in the mirror."
millionth time. She'd taken Sherlock’s littleness in the same stride she took everything else about Sherlock, with warmth and understanding.
“Alright, head back and eyes closed again, little love.” John rinsed the suds away without getting a drop in Sherlock’s eyes. Conditioner was a must, or his curls would frizz and dry. He repeated the processes and Sherlock, leaned into his hand.
Greg dropped the cloth on the table. "You'll have to finish," he told Mycroft, and held his hands up. "I can't. Can't do it."
“It’s rose flavour.” Mycroft took a dainty bite, steadfastly ignoring the fact that Jawn was talking with his mouth full.
Mycroft was quiet for a moment as he finished with Sherlock's hands. "Do you need to sit on the step as a reminder to have good listening ears?"
Sherlock squealed and clapped at the sight. “ ‘gain, ‘gain!” he giggled, and grabbed the blue duck before Jawn could. He shoved it to the bottom of the tub, pressing down hard on it and laughing hysterically at the bubbles coming from the bottom. “Y’ook, Jawn! He–!”
“JAWN HAMISH! You stop this instant!” Mycroft shouted, untangling Sherlock’s grip on his waist coat to hurry after the little piss pot. “Stay here, Sherlock.”
Sherlock gladly raises his arms and waits to be picked up and held, but he wasn't expecting it to hurt so much (he knew his chest had hurt, but how is a baby supposed to rationalize the source of comfort is going to bring the pain, too?) when Greg lifted him in his arms, and that was just the nudge his psyche needed to burst into tears. He shivered against Greg as the tension he'd been holding in his body relaxed. "G'eeeeeeeeg," he moaned, the hurt part of face brushing against Greg's chin.
Sherlock took great pride in flipping the switch on the side, and watched gleefully as the big mixer began to make turns around the bowl. "I di' y'id!" he clapped.
Mycroft stood in front of him, looking down. “Well, it looks like your poor attitude finally caught up with you today.”
Sherlock fussed and whinged for a moment, until he got a taste of milk and began to suckle, slowly relaxing.
Mycroft watched as Sherlock dusted the sugar over the rest of the peanut butter mixture the bowl. "Fros'ing a'w done?" he asked, his nose not but an inch from the rim.
"It'll be much faster if you just take them," Greg said, shaking out two of the admittedly large tablets into his hand. "Then your arm won't hurt, and you can have a piece of that big, chocolate chip biscuit over there."
"Why not?" Greg ushered Sherlock out of the nursery, limping along behind him while the blood returned to his feet.
Countless women have given him blowjobs, but none had ever been as good as Sherlock Holmes. His mouth is made for sucking John’s cock. John’s grip in the boy’s dark hair tightens as he looks down and takes in the sight of the tip of his cock slipping in and out of Sherlock’s delectable lips.
"Yes, 'oh'." Mycroft looked over at Sherlock, who's attempts at frosting cupcakes were becoming rather more...uncoordinated, let's say. "Do you think you can stay awake for cake and presents?"
"As long as he's eating." Mycroft put a sippy-cup of apple juice on the baby's increasingly-crowded tray before sitting down as well. He passed along a container of rice to Greg before taking one himself.
, and finally gave a small sigh before joining the boys at their cot. “I should gather my things and leave you both here in the dark,” he said, albeit half-heartedly, and slipped the clean dummy into Sherlock’s mouth. “With no story,” he added.
Two pairs of still-shiny eyes widened at the idea of such a thing. “We’ll listen, swear!” Jawn said quickly.
“F'ank'oo,” Sherlock said, leaning over the bowl and watching the blade cream the sugar and butter together. "When we add choc'ade," My'cobb?"
"We'll be saving the rest of them for after lunch." Mycroft tossed the used frosting-covered flannels aside onto the table, and Greg quickly stepped in to clear them away.
“How oddly insightful of him.” Mycroft opened a cupboard and pulled out a package of Jammie Dodgers. “Would you like a biscuit, Jawn?”
“So polite, but I was speaking to Sherlock. If you can’t be kind, baby brother, then you will sit on the stairs by your lonesome while Jawn and I get ready to go out.”
Mycroft scowled at him. It was difficult to know when Sherlock was being a shit, and when he was genuinely too small to understand. This instance seemed to be the former, so he acted accordingly. “That goes in the sink,” he said, turning Sherlock and sending him on his way with a swat. “As well as any others that you can find.”
“I don’t think he does, Sherlock. Not when he’s little. If you can’t apologize, then go sit on the step until I tell you to get up.” Mycroft reached for Jawn’s unoccupied hand. “Come along, little one…Sherlock needs some alone time.”
"Somebody's been doing artwork?" John asked, holding him at arms length to look him over. The boy had glitter everywhere, glue had dried on his cheek, and there were stripes on his hands and shirt where he had been clumsy with the markers. "And a certain little man will need a bath."
Mycroft set the container of juice down, also watching and waiting (and getting ready to intervene if needed).
As he headed back outside, he wondered just how he was going to create 'lavender'; purple he could do, but lavender?
Greg nodded. "Here, muffin," he said, scooping the jar from Sherlock's hands just as he was about to jam his sticky fingers back in the jar. "Let's save some for the frosting."
"Yep, I even splurged on extra cheese." Greg opened the top pizza box and picked a medium-sized slice for Jawn's plate, hoping to get him to do more than lick it or pick pepperoni off.
“That’s brilliant, Jawn. What cup are you going to use?” Mycroft flipped off the water and began to dry his and Sherlock’s hands.
“Poor thing. Let’s get comfy.” Mycroft undid Sherlock’s trousers and pushed them down, then slipped a finger into the leg hole of his nappy and found it dry. “Here. Sit.” He gently pushed Sherlock until he flopped onto the bed.
Greg put the ice bucket and biscuits on the night stand. "I'll run and grab ole bunny-boy, shall I," he said, and made a face at Mycroft over Sherlock's head.
"Y'ah," Sherlock mumbled back. The combination of exhaustion, medication, and emotional drainage had taken it's toll on him.
The little doctor rushed to obey, and the flat was silent except for the sounds of sniffles from the stairwell and the corner of the kitchen.
"I'd can y'ook c'year." Sherlock held his cupped hands out as Mycroft opened the box of beads and handed him a random assortment of clear, plastic ones. "F'ank'oo."
- Mycroft typed back (even if there was a part of him that wanted to tell John to 'fuck off' just as much as Gregory wanted to).
John shrugged and handed the cloth over to him. He was being very well behaved, a reward was warranted. Sherlock dipped the cloth into the water; one, two, three times. He made sure that it was clean before he pressed it up against his cheek and rubbed vigorously. John laughed at his efforts.
He groaned, the sound low and deep in his throat...his head was pounding. His chest hurt. The blanket on top of him was stifling. And for some reason, everything smelled like armpit.
"Here, this one's p'etty!" Molly bubbled, picking up a rhinestone tiara that featured rose-gold colored leaves, with crystals patterned as little flowers. She edged over to Greg on her knees and placed it on top of Sherlock's head.
“We can put your pit'cher on our f'idge, too.” Jawn kept his green crayons in his lap, fiddling with them, but his attention had turned back to the film--the final fight sequence was playing on the screen.
“Thank you for the invitation. But we’re still discussing it when you’re big.” Mycroft crumpled up the paper bag; “Can you put this in the rubbish, please.”
“You’re starting to sound like my brother.” Mycroft toed off his shoes and stretched out on Sherlock’s other side, then put his arm around Jawn. Now that he was off his feet, he realized how drained he felt, as well. He opened the book and started to read in a low voice.
"Listen to your brother," Greg said, scraping the bottom of his container for the last bit of curry and rice.
Jawn decided to pipe in; “Sherlock’s should fit, you’re not that far off in size!” The last bit earned him an offended squawking noise, while Mycroft rolled his eyes and debated shoving his brother out of his lap like the soggy lump he was...but he had to gain back his upper hand and restore the balance of being the babysitter. “Since I only have one set of hands, but two wet little imps…should I call for assistance, hm? Perhaps Nana, should you both prove to be uncooperative?”
Sherlock was indeed waiting for them when they finally caught up, sitting back on his haunches as he regarded each flower carefully. "Whi'sh one is bes'd, My'cobb?"
"Y'ah, new dress!" Molly hopped up and made a beeline for the trunk, even as Greg was chanting "No, no-no-no-no!" behind her.
Greg popped the styrofoam lid off of Sherlock's noodles and set the bottom half down. "You still want sauce, muffin?"
Jawn sniffled and wiggled closer, leaning heavily into Mycroft. If anyone could fix a problem, it most certainly was Elmo.
He had just finished up and was admiring his handwork when he heard the door to the landing open. Daddy was home!
"S'itches. Owww'sh." Sherlock tipped his head back and gently touched his stitches for Mycroft to see.
Mycroft learns the hard way that both little boys respond better to “Please” than they do to commands. Admittedly it works better on Jawn, who goes to select another book while Sherlock wiggles on the floor trying to bite Mycroft's ankles.
Greg's eyebrows went up. "Oh," he said, trying to sound nonchalant and not at all like he was actually gagging to know. "From...?"
Mycroft leveled Sherlock his best rage sniff but the little detective was oblivious. He twisted the handle of the umbrella viciously. "Why won’t the sword come out, My?”
Across the kitchen, Mycroft was in search of something to nosh on. Eventually, he settled for the bag of salt and vinegar crisps and pulled the cellophane package open...
Ignoring the plea, the older man lifted Sherlock out of the tub, set him on his feet, and (while swatting frantic hands out of the way) unsnapped the soaking wet onesie, popped open the tape on the equally sodden nappy and let it hit the floor with a heavy *
"I'm going to be so-so-so careful." Moving slowly, Greg started to dab at Sherlock's gravy-smeared cheeks.
"Mycroft nodded. "Thankfully," he said, and held a bite of brisket to Sherlock's lips with his fork which, surprisingly enough, the baby ate. "Very, very good! Good boy!"
"That's okay." Greg brushed the front of his sleeper, knocking the crumb back into his bowl. "Yeah, I'd say chocolate's better than a worm any day."
“And what’s got you so sour, hm?” Mycroft asked, picking out a pair of blue and green plaid pajama pants.
"Blueberries with a side of toast. Coming right up." Greg handed the baby his cup and went to the fridge.
"You dun' nee' pan's if you ha'b on a d'ess. I hel'b," Sherlock's nimble fingers were at Greg's flys.
The pinched look on Mycroft's face warned of dire consequences, but he handed the bottle over anyway. "If you hadn't opened your gob, he would have stayed quiet and fallen asleep."
There was something in the way that his older brother had said ‘please’ that made Sherlock look away from him, down to where he still held his arm in a firm, but not painful grip. Then he glanced over at Jawn who, while having almost completely calmed down, was still ruddy-cheeked and raspy-voiced.
"...It was just one more cupcake," Greg mumbled as Mycroft took the wet flannels from him, and went to go throw them in the laundry room.
Jawn made the most horrible grimace and started gulping his juice until it was gone. "Bis-sit! BIS-SIT!"
apologize, because quite frankly your brother is a saint and he deserves it." Greg sat him up, putting them both eye-to-eye. "Your choice."
"It should be fine. And either way I'm not up to hear you and Gregory whinge if I don't allow you some."
He tried to stuff a foot into one of Daddy’s boots, growling when it didn’t fit. Nothing was right today. Kicking Daddy’s boots aside, he slipped his feet into his trainers before moving silently down the steps.
“Now, who is this handsome character with the sceptre?” Mycroft gently pulled Sherlock’s thumb from his mouth and replaced it with the bottle. With all the weeping and nappy changes, they were both at risk for dehydration.
“You said I can have a treasure and I want that one! You can’t take it back a’cause Sher’yock cried! Thas na’ fair!” It was Jawn’s turn to stomp his foot, arms crossed over his narrow chest.
"Dun y'ike it..." Sherlocks' face scrunched as if he might cry, so Greg quickly changed the subject. "What kind of sauce are you going to have on your chicken fingers?"
"Faeries like terracotta pots for some reason. So those. And sweet smelling flowers. And pretty stones."
"Yes, he would wander too far without paying attention, and all of a sudden he would look up, and not know where he was."
“Shouldn’t the babysitter be changing us?” Sherlock wasn’t sure why he was arguing; having Jawn change him sounded like an excellent plan.
John licks a path through the cum on Sherlock's belly before pulling his fingers free. His boy groans in devastation at the loss and John has to bite his lip to keep from chuckling.
“I didn’t say ‘go to sleep’, I said ‘close your eyes’. You can talk with your eyes closed, can’t you?”
Mycroft gave him a soft smile, and wrapped his arms around him. "Apology accepted," he said, giving his little brother a kiss on the cheek as he cuddled him close. "And for the record, I don't think you're stupid."
"Yes, so does Gregory." Mycroft carefully used his finger nails to skritch Sherlock's scalp and flake away the rest of the blood.
“I don’t wanna play pirates. Can we have a different toys?” Jawn stretched his short arm out of the tub, fingers barely brushing against the bucket.
Daddy was an efficient spanker. Laying down a heavy round of swats and then pausing to let the heat settle in before starting over again. Sherlock howled and flailed, but Daddy had him firmly anchored to his lap. After what felt like hours, but was really only a few minutes, Sherlock quit struggling and lay still over Daddy’s lap, sobbing heavily as Daddy continued to light his bottom on fire.
“That’s not your job at the moment, it’s mine. You’re a little boy and that means your job is to behave and listen.”
The imagined sight of Daddy is enough to almost push Sherlock over the edge and he begins to thrust in earnest, whispering filth. "So tight Daddy, gunna make me cum...Spread out for me just a bit more, that's it...you like my cock inside you don't you...ah ah ah, you'll cum from my cock or not at all…Come on Daddy, cum for me." Sherlock growls at the image of Daddy below him, shivering at each thrust of his little boy's cock. He recites things that John has said to him many times before, trying to mimic the same seductive voice that the doctor whispers in his ear. He’s lost in his fantasy of slamming himself into Daddy’s arse, making Daddy call out his name. Making Daddy beg to touch his hard dripping cock. Making him beg for release. Oh, he enjoyed the idea of making Daddy beg for so many thing.
“Make sure those go in the hamper, Sherlock Holmes,” Mycroft tutted over his shoulder as he made his way into the kitchen, ignoring the indignant huff of a grumpy little boy. He rounded the corner into the kitchen to find Jawn standing on his tip toes on a chair that he had pushed up against the refrigerator.
"If I'm handling two attention starved boys tonight, then I'm not cooking." Mycroft whispered aloud to himself as he settled back against his pillow, closed his eyes, and soon joined his Gregory for a snooze.
Mycroft rolled his eyes (and winced a little there at the end…he might have actually pulled a muscle, after all the eye-rolling today), and gave Jawn’s backside one more softer pat before standing up and pulling the blankets higher up at their shoulders.
“C'eaning! See, My?” Sherlock beamed up at Mycroft as he held a bubble covered sippy cup for his brother to see. “A'w c'ean!”
Sherlock tried to shake his head 'no', which didn't really work in the position he was in. "Nn-nn," he grunted.
"You do that, and I'll get the key to the shed." Mycroft stood up, as well. "Can you both manage to carry out all the supplies?"
Greg came in with the ice bucket under one arm, the fuzzy blanket slug over his shoulder and Sherlock's medicine balanced on the tin of biscuits. "Poor Muffin. Does your face still hurt, sweetheart? A biscuit and some medicine will fix you right up."
Mycroft nodded towards the head of their bed…where the traitorous little baby monitor sat. “Little boys shouldn’t be using such language, Sherlock. Up on the bed…you’re going first.”
He leans in and claims Sherlock’s mouth as he begins to pump slowly. He feels Sherlock touch his sides tentatively, and pulls back to stare into huge inquisitive eyes.
Sherlock poked his head up as the door shut. "My'coff?" he peeped, alarmed to find himself completely alone. "My'coff had'da potty. We wai' f'ah G'eg," Sherlock told his bunny...even as he was scooting himself off of the bed.
“He can find it ‘imself! He hides all the rest of ‘em so I can only have this one! And now he has this one too!” Jawn stomped his foot for emphasis.
"A'sides fros'ing." Sherlock set down another cupcake and started to lick his fingers...but then remembered what his brother said about waiting, and picked up another cupcake instead.
“AM NOT!” Jawn shouted, kicking a foot out at the little detective and thankfully missing him by a mile.
"You remember what happens when the sun actually gets to the parts where it 'usually doesn't shine'?" Mycroft continued, ignoring the giggling that his lover was attempting to (and failing at) stifling. "I burn, Gregory. To a disgusting, blistering, peeling crisp."
"Maybe he can find our lost mermaid DVD." Greg wrapped an arm around the baby and laid them back on the bed.
“I’m good, too. I eated all'a dinners, too.” Jawn’s short sauce covered fingers tugged on Mycroft’s wrist. “I can eat lettuces, too, My'coff.” Jawn held his mouth open for a bite of salad.
"I d'un ha'b to si'd in a boos'er for a sna'g," Sherlock announced, putting himself in a chair at the table.
Jawn sat up on his knees and held up a…well, Mycroft didn’t know enough about infant-wear to know what it could be called, but it looked like another onesie, only with legs that would come down to mid-thigh, that buttoned up the middle. Bright green frogs with huge goggle-eyes on a blue background stared back at him, with ladybugs in the empty spaces…the buttons were shaped like them, as well.
Mycroft closed his eyes. He had known that. That's why he'd tried to put it off hearing it. "...I know, sweetheart."
Greg squatted down on the back stoop and tugged off one of sherlock's bee boots, thumping it to get as much of the glitter out as possible. "They can't live in your boots because your feet go in your boots."
Greg waited for the rest of the answer, but when Sherlock was not forthcoming with one, he had to prod him; "...Do you know
“Path’ta?” Sherlock spoke up, holding a rubbery-knee’d Jawn under the arms like a ragdoll. “P’ease?” he added.
“Can you fetch the salad from the fridge?” Mycroft smiled into the pot as the little doctor moved to obey. While he dearly loved their boisterousness, he definitely could get used to this.
Mycroft split the half sandwich into two more halves, and placed each half in front of each boy. "Sit down, please," he told Jawn, and then told Sherlock to "Stand up, darling."
“I’d actually stopped by because I have a gift for Sherlock. But as he clearly doesn’t deserve a treat, perhaps it can wait for another time.”
"Oh." The little doctor was quiet for a moment; "I dun' care if hur'ded. I wan' s'eep wif Sher'yock." He nodded, decision made.
He decides that he will just march right into the sitting room and tell John that. He certainly won’t smack him if they discuss this logically. Could he? The thought of a smack causes Sherlock to hesitate on the edge of the bed. John’s tired; it couldn’t be much of a smack. And he has on his sleeper and his trainers. He’s padded. Besides, he nods to himself; John isn’t going to smack him. He will be forced to listen to logic and allow Sherlock to stay up with him.
Mycroft moved Sherlock in front of him and kissed his cheek. "Here, watch me do the first, then you can do the rest. We're going to take one scoop of batter, then carefully pour it into the cups." After a quick demonstration, Mycroft handed his little brother the scoop; "Now, you try."
suggest that we use the hose," Mycroft said in that 'you-should-have-known' tone of voice that he favored so often, while setting the oven to preheat.
"Let's finish getting undressed," Mycroft said, trying to distract his little brother and keep him from noticing the state Greg was in...but considering the state he was in himself, it was highly doubtful that Sherlock would have noticed, anyway.
John could not be sure, but he was almost positive that he heard a contented sigh come from Sherlock. The boy snuggled close to him, his fingers gripping the arms of his jumper.
Sherlock picked up a roll and crunched down on the end while he looked over his shoulder for Greg, still sniffling as he chewed sadly.
Jawn gaped, affronted. “Hold Jeffrey,” he said, shoving the plastic triceratops into Mycroft’s chest.
"Why isn't this bandaged," Greg asked, referring to the stitches, though he didn't expect the baby to answer; "And why isn't there any ice on that."
"Been in the hospital what, two days? And then out two days? No, most likely not," Molly said, her lips drawn into a thin line and her brow creased with worry. "That's going to be the part that gets worse before it gets better. I can bring you some methadone if you need it..."
Mycroft rolled his eyes, but ignored the sass. "It's very close to his eye. We're going to have to be very careful with anything adhesive."
Jawn was frowning at all the commotion (as well as being passed around like a sack of potatoes), but now he was just confused. "Sca'we?" he asked, rubbing his eyes.
"That's okay, baby," John promised, sneaking his hand underneath Sherlock to pinch his bum. "I have everything I need right here."
"No, this is a recent development." Mycroft stood next to his little brother and caught both thin wrists in one hand, letting Greg finish up. "As in, 'within-the-past-six-months' recent."
"It was an accident, muffin, no harm done." Greg wrapped an arm around his waist, keeping his grip loose. "You okay?"
Greg helped Sherlock lay down in their nest of blankets, and made sure he had his bunny. "I'm sorry you're dizzy. Do you think anything will help?"
"It's fine," Mycroft replied, and continued up the steps. "He forgot that he has stitches, that's all."
“Like sugar in the rain.” Mycroft fixed the younger man’s collar so that it wouldn’t stick up in that ridiculous manner. “Is Jawn ready?”
Mycroft hesitated; "....It's taken a lot of practice," he said, after some thought. "Sherlock is no stranger to all manner of crisis."
"Love you little man." John drops a last kiss on his forehead before guiding him back down and pulling the duvet up to his shoulders.
“No. Sherlock is too little for a big boy cup today. You’ll have your bottle. Now, go get them please.”
He groaned and had to place his hand on Mycroft's shoulder to sit up right. "Buh-bye Maw'yee. I miss you!" he said, and gladly wrapped Molly in a hug.
Mycroft got into bed and bodily moved Greg over a bit, giving an exasperated sigh when he clung to Mycroft's side. "Fine. There once was a little boy named Billy..."
Sherlock chewed the stick of his ice lolly as he thought; "Fi'be. This one maked six," he said with a cheeky grin.
Sherlock's eyes get huge at the enormity of what John is saying, "Noooo Daddy. I was trying to cammuni...comoon..." He stops, flustered.
“I-I know that. I need-Christ, I don’t even know what I need!” Sherlock scrubbed at his face, barely containing a yelp when his hand rucked over his stitches. “I’m going home. And I’ll decide...”
Jawn had his toothbrush on the counter, the tube of tooth paste shaking as Jawn carefully put a small pearl of paste on the bristles.
meant they'd been arguing about something with each other, because that always made them go little at once.
"We're gonna have plenty of cupcakes left to share, sweetheart, promise." Greg shook the towel. "Let's get your bum dry before you catch a chill."
"I suppose, since you asked so nicely." John leaned forward, carefully placing his card on the table before digging in the paper bag he'd brought from the shop. "Close your eyes Pet, hands out. No peeking."
It takes a moment for John to recover from Sherlock's sudden carnal urge, his prick fully sheathed in Sherlock's tight hole.
Sherlock nuzzled into the crook of Mycroft's arm, listening to the two of them discussing...well, discussing
"Kitty slippers?" Greg eyed the blush that went all the way to Mycroft's ears; "Did he used to have kitty slippers?"
"Where's your Uncle Gregory already?" Mycroft muttered, then pushed his little brother's legs apart. And, just like Greg had done, the first thing he did when he opened the baby's nappy was to check for any signs of blood in his urine, of which there was (thankfully) none.
Greg swallowed thickly. Something about the way Mycroft said 'Gregory' as he sent the baby from the room wasn't boding well.
There was a low groan from the doorway. “You’re both going to put me off sweets for months…one word out of you, brother mine, and you’ll both be taking extra-long naps today.” Mycroft pushed away from the doorframe he’d been leaning against and came to sit beside his brother, pulling him into his lap. He wrinkled his nose; “Jawn’s right, you do stink…we’ll have to change you in a bit.”
"You'd feel better with a bit of food in your tummy," Mycroft half-scolded, and kissed the part of Sherlock's bare shoulder that he could reach.
"Yes, willingly. Which makes me question your motives all the more so I can figure out why in the hell it all makes perfect sense and why--" Here, Mycroft paused.
Mycroft curled his lip and looked away; that was an image he could have lived without for the rest of his life. Almost as bad as the worms. “Just put your plate in the sink, lad, and try not to touch anything else.”
"We can play dress up again another time." Mycroft carefully folded the pink taffeta gown and put it in the chest.
"Mm. Why not?" Mycroft patted his hip again and helped Sherlock to his feet, frowning at the baby's pained groan.
Greg laughed at the dramatics...strops were cute when they were the more quiet, floppy-type of strops, instead of the screaming, kicking kind. "C'mon, muffin...we'll wait for Mycroft to come out and tell us where the batteries are," he said, and bent down to help the baby up from the floor.
"Another night of takeaway is fine," Mycroft shrugged, taking Greg's hand to help him off the ground.
Sherlock handed over his cup and watched as Mycroft filled it with juice and handed it back. "Pills, darling."
Sherlock shoved the rest of his chewed-on biscuit into his mouth and helped Greg with the other sleeve.
“Somethin’ g’een!! Like, um…like worms!” Jawn said with a devilish little grin curling up his cheeks.
"This is just a mixing spoon tonight, darling. Here," Mycroft held out the handle to him; "-take this, and get a great big spoonful of peanut butter for us."
Mycroft started with the bigger noise-making toys, picking up a big, plastic keyboard decorated with cartoony animals playing instruments along the top. He flipped it over and popped open the battery case, and lo-and-behold, there were two dummies stacked where the batteries should be. “Some things never change, you little hoarder,” he said as he plucked them out.
Jawn held Mycroft’s hand on the walk home, glancing over his shoulder every few steps to see Sherlock trailing behind them.
“We’re not leaving the flat for the rest of the day…at least not for a good, long while, so you’re both getting changed into something more appropriate.” Mycroft held up a pale yellow and white-striped onesie…he turned it around and along the backside were green ruffles, apparently made to look like grass, with embroidered flowers off all sorts of colours ‘growing’ from it, and of course, bees flitting among them.
He padded quietly into the sitting room, flicking on the TV.  The noise would make Grammy believe he’d gotten bored and went to watch telly. Peppa Pig was on and it took a great force of will to not plop down in front of the set. Sherlock slipped out the front door of Grammy's flat and up the stairs to the landing. He tugged on his coat and scarf. The heavy material would hide his crinkly bum easily.
"Yay! A'mon, G'eg'ry!" Sherlock clapped and went back to kneeling by the bed, fiddling with his bugs.
“Jawn! Jawn, we can go p'ishing, Jawn!” Sherlock huffed as his shirt was pulled over his head, but was too excited to fuss for long.
Greg took Sherlock's cup from his hands and held it for him like a bottle. "No one's mad. We're all happy, full, and cozy for our movie, yeah?" he asked, cradling him to his chest.
"Bu'd I be quiet!" Sherlock begged again, clearly distressed at the thought of not saying goodnight to his Jawn!
"Well, that's obvious," Mycroft muttered with a quirked eyebrow as he went about picking the last of the curds of of his share of the poutine.
Sherlock looked around the room again and frowned, making his nose crinkle. He looked back at Greg again and stared for a moment, before narrowing his eyes; "... B'yue in'na te'yesco'be?" he asked suspiciously.
"Tables all clean, I'm going to run and shower. Behave for our Mycroft, my muffin," Greg smooched Sherlock's cheek.
Mycroft squeezed Jawn tight, rubbing his back in firm strokes. “I don’t know what you’re talking about, Jawn.” They stayed snuggled up for a moment while the little Doctor quieted under the petting.
"That's what Mummy and everyone else called him for the first four years of his life, before he decided he liked his other name better...isn't that right?" He gave Sherlock a little jiggle in his arms.
...But the moment Mycroft let go of his hand, it drifted back to his face. "Sherlock, can you hold your bee jams for me?" Mycroft set the pajamas on the baby's chest; "You'll need both hands so they don't fall."
Molly moved the stuffed elephant out of the way while Greg carried a protesting infant back to the table. "Noooo, G'eg, I wan'd down, down p'ease, I wan'd down, I wan'd help'oo, down, down p'ease!"
He didn’t offer an explanation because, quite frankly, he didn’t need to. He arched his eyebrow, then walked back to the table to find the boys picking at their toppings and arguing about who got more of what, though they looked pretty even to him. “You got more sprinkles!” Sherlock whinged, wrinkling his nose at Jawn.
Sherlock slowly unwound himself from Mycroft until he was sitting on his own on the sofa, his eyes wide and wet.
“My?” Sherlock stood beside Mycroft, tears rolling down his cheeks. “Gotsa’ be nice a’ my Jawn,” he said, nearly too quietly to be heard over the racket Jawn himself was making.
Mycroft handed him the blue bottle, astounded that they'd gotten through that one without adding yellow speckles to Sherlock's green streaks.
“I thought you didn’t want to watch a pirate film?” Mycroft pulled the heroes cup and a bottle from the cabinet and stepped back over Sherlock to get to the fridge.
"Then they get the biscuit. ‘Sides, Jawn's gonna be hopped up on pills all day tomorrow, and the worst thing Sherlock wants to do when he's hyper is cling to your side and do loads of crafts. Easy-peasy."
Greg sighed and leaned back in the chair. He was getting too old for this. He sat there and held Jawn's bottle for him, pushing the chair back and forth with his foot...then, he felt a pair of warm hands close over his, and he smiled as he cracked an eye open and looked down to see Jawn staring up at him, hands clasped over his.
John exchanges a shocked glance with Sherlock. Moriarty and Moran are almost close enough to be able to see the doorway. It’s too late for running, even though Sherlock seems ready to. Heart beating excitedly, “Hood up,” whispers John urgently. When Sherlock doesn’t react immediately, he reaches out and draws it over the curls.
“You mean you believe Jenny was driven by her female friend? But didn’t you say a man was driving the car when it almost ran you over that night?”
Sherlock looked undecided. “The cycling should cancel out any slowing effects from digesting the food, so yes, I think I will.”
“Yes, you said. Are you so shocked and upset because you basically humped a man, or because you humped me?”
“They didn’t have one that suited me,” replies Sherlock archly, tired of the implication of him shirking his duty.
Something dark and spiky coils in Sherlock’s belly. He has to remind himself firmly that Wilcox is romantically associated with The Woman. He’d marry her, she’d said. So why is he standing this close to John? Does he flirt like this with everybody, or is John being irresistible again? He’s not exactly recoiling.
John gaped at him before bursting into a fit of giggles. He flung another pillow at Sherlock who caught it and threw it back, chuckling.
“John,” Sherlock warned, “remember what I told you about pitying me”, but John refused to be daunted by his look.
Mycroft thinks for a moment, then nods. “Yes, I do remember. I assume you are referring to a smear campaign concerning a man wrongly accused of being a criminal mastermind, who in truth was a struggling actor in a children’s radio programme. Brook, wasn’t that the name?”
“I may need your help with my shoulder,” he then says, stripping off his braces and beginning to unbutton his shirt. Sherlock draws several deep breaths in an attempt to disregard his arousal, as he usually does. It’s difficult with John so close.
“That’s her business,” returns Jim. “But by all means, come in. Truth to tell, I was wondering whether you’d found out more about Jenny’s death. That detective inspector said he’d be in touch, but we haven’t heard from him since that night in Bletchley.”
Sherlock can be infuriating in his bluntness, lack of politeness and blatant and often deliberate disregard of social rules. Yet his straightforwardness and candidness are refreshing. He digs and digs until he gets to the crux of the matter, unlike James who’d always stall and avoid serious conversations while trying to keep up appearances. Sherlock is honest, often brutally so. He’s ... genuine. At least with John, when they are away from the prying eyes of the public and Sherlock sheds his armour of impeccable superiority and lowers his emotional defences. Over the course of one week, Sherlock has opened up, has allowed himself to be seen at his most human – at least by John. He’s flawed, but aware of his limitations. He’s kind when he allows himself to be. He’s incredibly generous, even selfless on occasion. He’s brilliant and clever and weird and wonderful.
. I doubt any of the GC riders will try something before Col de Marie-Blanque, anyway, not with Aubisque as the final climb.”
Sherlock returns his gaze steadily, thinking of the many lonely nights during which he missed John so much that it felt like physical pain, or the many instances when he talked to him, forgetting he wasn’t in the room, pointing out particularly fascinating aspects or asking John’s opinion on something. The lack of intimacy and Sherlock’s yearning for a simple touch or kiss was another, rather surprising aspect of missing John. More often than he likes to admit, Sherlock had to resort to self-stimulation, imagining John’s hand between his legs instead of his own. “Likewise,” he returns, relieved that apparently, John has been similarly affected. “I’m rather out of practise, though. Concerning ... these things. Three years is a long time.”
“You’re welcome. Um ... just to be clear ...,” continues John somewhat hesitantly, “you’re misty-eyed because you’re a little overwhelmed, right, not because the sex was so bad.”
“Perhaps she was indeed a spy, passing on secrets to contacts outside the park. Or a double agent. One never knows. Basically, one has to suspect anybody of espionage at the moment, or at least that’s what propaganda wants to make us believe.” John nods towards one of the many colourful posters scattered all over the Bletchley Park buildings which are a constant warning of the enemy listening in, and of the necessity of ‘Keeping your trap shut’.
John laughs brightly at this, and Sherlock is relieved that their quarrel has apparently been settled so quickly and effortlessly. He feels foolish for having doubted John. Of course, he could have been lying about his encounter, but the way he’s described Sherlock’s brother sounds very genuine. Sherlock even wonders whether or not Mycroft was a little impressed by the staunch doctor. Sherlock certainly is. It is no mean feat to oppose the British Government and walk out unscathed. Sherlock also wonders what details about John’s past are so juicy that he wants to keep them secret. His father’s death? His sister’s homosexual relationship? John’s own service records? Is there anything in there that’s questionable, even damaging to John should it become public knowledge? Sherlock is curious, and wonders whether he could contrive of a way of catching a glimpse of his brother’s notes on John Watson. Or would that be more than bit not good? Should he rather keep observing John and hoping to be able to deduce his secret eventually? Or ask him, even?
Sherlock hesitates. His lips narrow as he considers his reply. “Because I needed to think. It was preferable to other options that would inevitably show up in drug tests and lead to my disqualification in this race.”
“Did she habitually ‘stay the night’ with her acquaintances?” asks Sherlock, recalling the pink woman who had accompanied Molly the previous day and who had seemed rather excited about seeing John in uniform. Gazing at him now in his civilian clothing
The case Lestrade asked them to look into has been a good one, made even better by John’s steady presence at Sherlock’s side. The body which had been found in a bombed out house in Whitechapel belonged to a man who had officially been dead since 1940 after supposedly perishing in a car accident. And yet his wife – widow – had confirmed that the Whitechapel man looked just like her late husband. He had the same shoe size, the same mole on his earlobe, even the same fillings in his teeth. According to a grumpy coroner who had been roped into examining the body at Barts morgue and who’d clearly wished to be elsewhere, celebrate Christmas Eve with his family, probably, the man had died from a blow to the head by a blunt instrument. Upon inspecting the body, John confirmed the findings. Sherlock considered them plausible, too. Since the man had been found in the ruins of his bombed out pawn shop, the assumption was that he had been searching it in the hopes of some goods that could yet be salvaged, and had been struck down by a wooden beam that had come loose. The explanation seemed plausible to Lestrade and John, especially since because upon inspecting the house, they did find some unstable beams. The whole place had become dangerous, with crumbling walls and ceilings. But to Sherlock the bruises on the man’s head and the dent in his hat looked as if they’d been caused by something smaller than a beam, something swung by an assailant.
sound novel if put so blandly – without feeling that he was missing out on something (okay, a little, perhaps).
Baskerville shrugs. “We already do, although it’s difficult to prove their origin. They’re employing troll farms God knows where that push out this news. And ...,” he sighs, “well ... some of them have some truth in them. The company could do better when it comes to sustainability. And yes, there have been accidents and stuff. It’s just been blown up beyond all reason and proportion, and whatever we have done to minimise the effects and help those who suffered have rarely been mentioned in the media. This is not my first year riding the Tour. I’ve been around for a while. And there have always been things going on in the background, trouble with sponsors and the press and what not. You know this better than anybody, Watson. But it’s never been this vicious.”
Feeling Sherlock’s penetrating eyes on him, John suddenly wonders how much about his guilt Sherlock can read in his features, and what he can deduce from it. Does he even care about John and his problems? Why should he? He seems to care about little else than cycling. Tempted to look away, John nevertheless holds his gaze steadily until he can’t bear the scrutiny any longer, feeling a blush creep into his cheeks. He clears his throat again. “Yeah, well, anyway. Thanks for the suggested modification. Any tips for the bike I’m using for the upcoming flat stages?”
John shakes his head and smiles at him, but Sherlock isn’t reassured. “I was hurting you,” he states.
John’s face splits into a broad, happy smile. He sniffs again and quickly wipes his eyes, before clearing his throat and reaching out to run a hand along Sherlock’s cheek.
“Of course, my apologies. Now, you can bet on it that if Arsenal win – or if they lose –, a lot of their supporters, and even the players themselves, they cry like babies, despite being all grown up. There’s no shame in that. So, Johnny, I’m going to set your shoulder now. It’s going to hurt, but only briefly. If you feel like crying, you do that, all right?”
For a moment it seemed as if the detective hadn’t heard, but then John saw him halt, too. “There’s a well up here on the pasture, next to those trees,” he called down. “You can check the tube for punctures in the water.”
Sherlock frowned. “I never considered her a threat. You may have lunch with her again, as long as you don’t overdo it. She is surprisingly interesting.”
Kenworthy leads them into the hall of the main house. It is less grand than the mansion at Bletchley Park, and still retains traces of its former purpose, that of a large farmhouse turned modest and slightly whimsical country abode some time during the past century. By now, what seem to have been parlour, sitting and dining room have been transferred into functional offices. One large room on the ground floor, featuring a decorative Victorian fireplace, has been taken over by the listening station proper. At a long table in the middle of the room, six women are sitting listening to Morse Code and noting it down. Others are monitoring non-Morse transmissions on teleprinters. Across the corridor in a room similarly furnished, Sherlock can see rows of teleprinters and some typewriters, also mostly operated by women. The constant clicking and whirring of the many machines fills the air.
Someone kicks against the door, but then footsteps can be heard on the corridor and the stairs. Sherlock’s knees buckle and he sinks down with the door in his back. A narrow escape this time, and it bodes ill for the days to come. He should try and keep his temper and not provoke them further, otherwise he’ll probably end up in A&E again – or intensive care, if he’s really unlucky. Aunt Mabel and Uncle Richard are often away working, even now during the holidays, meaning that for most of the day, the boys are left to look after themselves with only Ellie the neighbour keeping an eye on them when she can pry herself away from the television. And last time Sherlock was injured, the grown-ups believed everything Daniel and Tom, and to some extend Christopher, told them. Moreover, Sherlock is convinced that Aunt Mabel truly thinks there’s something wrong with him. She only took him in out of pity and because she owes Mummy a favour for helping her find the new job.
John harshly cut off his babbling. "It really doesn't interest me in the slightest what you need, Sherlock."
Two urges stood in disconcerting opposition to each other: the urge to pull Victor close, to hold him and apologise for everything that had happened to him because of Sherlock, and the urge to get out of his embrace and push Victor away. Sherlock was left in a paralysing limbo until the worst of the onslaught had passed.
John put two cups and the teapot on a tray and brought everything into the living room. He set it down deliberately on the coffee table in order to avoid the embarrassing necessity of having to explain to Victor that he shouldn't sit in Sherlock's chair. John was well aware, of course, how ridiculous it was, but he couldn't help being defensive about Sherlock's seat. Maybe it would get easier. Some day.
"Sherlock... You shouldn't blame yourself for what happened. I'm sure you did what you could," Mike pointed out.
John heard Lord Moran gulp down the excess saliva that had collected in his mouth and watched his Adam's apple visibly jump. He spared himself a scrutinising glance at the Lord's lap. The fact that he was squeezing his crossed legs together even harder was confirmation enough for John that his words had hit their target. He struggled to withstand the urge to leap at the slimy man's throat and fervently hoped that his scent wasn't giving him away.
"John..." His brows drawn together, Victor's eyes darted back and forth between John's, examining him closely. John hated that expression. It made him question himself and his decisions. But there was no reason for that. He wanted this. Wanted to feel something other than the emptiness and darkness inside him. Wanted to forget everything else, just for a while.
Sherlock bit down on his bottom lip. His worry over John was undercut by one single, agonising thought: wasn't it unlikely that John would have been brought here, where there were so many witnesses? Had he been mistaken? Understood the message incorrectly?
John interlaced his fingers with Sherlock's and slid them underneath the pillow above his head. He used his legs to push the omega's further apart, driving in and out of Sherlock with barely perceptible motions. The angle enabled John to stimulate Sherlock's prostate with every thrust. The omega had curled his feet around John's calves to stabilise himself, and caressed John's skin with his toes.
Victor looked at her in surprise and reached for his cigarette so he could get the ashes into the ashtray before they fell onto the pastries.
Sherlock snorted derisively and shook his head. "I don't think she and Mycroft have one. There are a lot of rumours amongst omegas in particular about soul bonds, so I'm not surprised that she's familiar with the topic. But those are all fairy tales or soppy romance novels glorifying that type of bond. It has no basis in reality," Sherlock said, although the last few words came out sounding somewhat defensive.
At least Mycroft had reacted promptly and made sure that Sherlock and John's friends were brought to a secure location. They were probably already on their way to a safe house somewhere. Although there as well, the question arose as to whether the agent who had been assigned that task was trustworthy. Maybe Mycroft had already uncovered the mole. But they wouldn't know until they landed.
John's resumption of his therapy sessions was probably intended to show Sherlock that John was willing to accept help and was therefore on the road to recovery. At the same time, Ella Thompson hadn't noticed what had caused John's psychosomatic limp the last time. Something that Sherlock was going through himself now, except in his case it was the pain in his chest that wouldn't go away.
At least with Victor, he'd run into someone who was in the same state; someone who knew how to handle a situation like this. It would have been much worse if he'd ended up with Mary. Who could say what damage John might have done on that front? His behaviour had been unforgivable anyway, and he still owed her an apology...
Sherlock snorted his disapproval. But he knew John was right. They had enough experience by now for them both to know it. Leading separate lives was painful, almost unendurable, no matter whether they had feelings for one another or not.
The scent in the flat had changed markedly over the last few days. It was heavier, sweeter, and clung to everything. It had the effect of John seeking out Sherlock's company more than usual, during which he had to force himself not to make any physical contact. He would have loved to wrap his arms around his omega, inhale his heady scent, and exchange chaste caresses. But of course anything like that was off-limits.
As soon as he'd explained the situation in a quavering voice and given the address, he went back to Anthea.
Sherlock exhaled sharply in shock when he saw the knot. Ignoring John's restrained moans, Sherlock scooted a little further down on the mattress to get a better look. The spongy tissue at the base of the alpha cock was swollen and flushed red. Sherlock followed the path of a thick vein that ran up the shaft and seemed to disappear under the skin of the knot.
?" John asked suddenly, panic rising in his voice. And if he did, would Victor seriously expect John to go with him?!
John didn't give Sherlock a chance to defend himself. Instead, he flung the file into the blazing hearth with such force that orange sparks flew up. He then ripped the other file out of Sherlock's grip and hurled it in after the first. He only took a few seconds to enjoy the sight of the greedy flames before he turned on his heel and left the flat without looking back or saying another word.
"The cameras have obviously been tampered with," Mycroft complained without looking up at Sherlock. Sherlock sat down next to his brother to look over his shoulder. "It's highly unlikely that not a single person walked down this hallway during a two-hour period at this time of day. There... a brief flicker in the digits." Mycroft pointed at the time stamp in the upper left corner of the screen. "It's barely more than a fraction of a second. Probably a time loop. The IT department will be able to prove..."
Sherlock ignored Jean-Baptiste as he turned the small bottles around, flipped them over, and shook them. He held one up against the ceiling lamp to inspect it, examining the silvery liquid inside. Finally, he put three full ampoules back and slipped the fourth, partially used one into the pocket of his suit jacket.
John wondered, grinding his teeth unhappily. He couldn't stop thinking about a young Sherlock who was just learning what it meant to feel affection for another person. What had happened back then that made Sherlock decide not to allow any further sentiment?
"I'm quite sorry, but that won't be possible. Your omega is currently – " She stopped herself from speaking further. "At any rate, no, I cannot contact Sherlock. Good day, Dr Watson."
"Of course," John smirked as he washed his hands. He then got out a cutting board and a knife. "It's not going to walk back on its own."
"Returning here was still completely absurd if she was responsible for it. The whole thing might be a bluff to distract suspicion from the true culprit and waste our time!" Sherlock was visibly upset. The entire situation was slowly but surely getting out of hand. On top of everything else, he and John had only dozed a little during the night, and despite the burst of adrenaline that the news of Moriarty's escape had triggered, they were both completely exhausted.
"That was certainly one of the reasons most of the other students didn't want to have anything to do with him. No one wanted to expose themselves and open themselves to an attack. Sherlock was completely oblivious that his behaviour caused such resentment. I had nothing to hide, and after the whole thing with the kiss, my predatory instinct was aroused anyway." Victor shrugged. "I wanted him."
And so it happened that Sherlock and John, after a morning filled with many more tales from John's past and a lunch with all the trimmings, set out in the afternoon for a walk to try and find a place to stay for the night. They soon found a quaint hotel filled with rustic charm that happened to have a room free, and promptly booked it for the next three nights. They wouldn't be able to put up with West Bromwich any longer than that anyway, in John's opinion.
His heart rate increased several notches when he felt the obvious erection against his arse. Implacable and promising. His breath stuttered in pulses past his wounded lips. Lava crawled through his veins. Tickles of anticipation flooded his stomach.
Cilia sent John the occasional apologetic smile, especially when his stomach growled piteously. He hadn't had much breakfast, consisting only of a cup of coffee and a bite of apple pie. Cilia had offered to fry a couple of eggs for him, but John hadn't been hungry at the time. Now as he listened with half an ear to the vicar's pontificating monologue, his body insisted on protesting loudly.
"That's all in the distant past, John. Let's not allow ancient shadows to dampen our mood. Your sister's managed that well enough on her own." Sherlock winked and grabbed John's hand, tugging him onward. "Show me more."
John shook his head slowly. "Only in the bedroom. I brought his clothes upstairs and packed up his papers, but I couldn't throw anything away. It would feel wrong; so... final." John felt uncomfortable under the searching look Victor sent his way. He realised he should be more forceful in this regard, that he was just torturing himself and would do better to separate himself from all of these lifeless objects – after all, they weren't going to bring Sherlock back. He reached for his tea and took a sip. The heat did his upset stomach good.
Sherlock hastily grabbed the shirt and sniffed it. The scent that had fused with his very DNA – only a hundred times stronger – entered his nose, igniting his synapses. John's unique scent had settled in the fabric, along with old sweat – as was to be expected with dirty laundry. Sherlock didn't care either way, as it had precisely the effect he'd wanted. A blissful tingling ran through his body as he inhaled, replaced by a serene sense of peace and satisfaction on the exhale.
John could clearly feel Sherlock's tension mount even across the space of the room. They hadn't spoken about how they would proceed if talk turned to their relationship. A thoughtless omission, it now appeared.
"Yeah, that's next on my list. Although you know how it is... Wherever a bonded omega's concerned, the alpha needs to be consulted. Our hands are tied until we reach him," Lestrade said. He pushed a small piece of paper across the desk. Sherlock picked it up, scanned it, and pocketed it unobtrusively. John took note of the odd exchange, but kept his mouth shut out of prudence.
"Not yet," Sherlock panted and resumed his efforts, increasing them as much as he could, resolutely licking and sucking, his arms wrapped around Victor's thighs. Victor let his head roll back, moaning. His fingers ran through Sherlock's short hair, moving with him. Arousal vibrated throughout his body, making his hips jerk. Biting down on his lips, he thrust over and over into the wet hollow of Sherlock's mouth, enjoying the dizzying sensations.
"I can't find him anywhere!" Sherlock reported urgently, approaching his brother's massive desk with long strides. "This was in the room instead." Sherlock hastily dropped the white box that had been lying on the table in the waiting room into the middle of the papers and gave Mycroft a wild-eyed look. He pushed the lid off and took out the brass key, examined it for a moment, deep in thought, and finally slipped it into his trouser pocket.
Mycroft Holmes's eyebrow lifted for a fraction of a second before the alpha appeared to regain control over himself. "No, I was not aware of that."
"I understand, John. However, I don't quite see at what point I enter the picture. As I'm sure you're aware, I'm a polybonder. I have several omegas, each one quite delectable in their own right. My Amelia tastes like strawberry ice cream with whipped cream on the first day of her heat. Her sister tastes of peaches. Richard of almond cake. I could open an entire pastry shop with my omegas."
"I'm not sure, but I think it might have something to do with the other omegas in Moran's household. Sebastian was the first one; he may feel some kind of responsibility toward them."
He surged back against the other man, unabashed, making his intentions clear. He let out a satisfied sound when industrious hands forced their way in between skin and trousers, pushing the fabric down his hips. The other man leaned into him, hard and hot, wrapped around him, pushed relentlessly into him.
Following his instincts, Sherlock dashed out of the room. "Lestrade! Across the road, second floor!"
"Sherlock..." John felt for Sherlock's hand and interlaced their fingers, pulling him closer. "I'm sorry. Victor was the only one who could understand my pain. The only one I trusted over the past six months. He saved me more than once from despair and stopped me from doing anything even more stupid. He did so much more for me than I did for him, even though he was doing just as poorly as I was. I consider Victor my friend – just as he is yours – and I'm grateful to him."
"Thanks, I appreciate it," Sherlock said, adding after a moment, "Did... er... has there been any mail for me?"
Maybe it was better this way. They both knew that there were many dark spots in the other one's history, and that they might yet stumble across many more. Running off half-cocked to seek revenge for things that happened years ago would only soothe his own ego. And Sherlock had to admit that he hadn't felt any urges in that direction after confronting John, Bill, and Cilia with his suspicions.
John hated him now – with good reason – but that was the only way to keep them apart. They'd never planned to live together, which was why things were so rocky between them. It was therefore out of the question for Sherlock to admit how much influence John had over his body. No, it was better to be rid of John and get through this heat on his own. Sherlock had done it before the bond; why should he be any less successful now?
"Turn around," John said quietly, as if not wanting to disturb the intimate mood in the twilit space.
John started, as if awakening from a nightmare, and looked around. He was still sitting on the bench in Regent's Park. The last rays of the spring day's sun had disappeared behind the treetops, dunking his surroundings in a milky blue. A glance at his watch told him it was gone eight. He shivered, wrapping his arms around himself and pushing his hands up under his armpits to protect them from the cold that had crept into his body during his stasis, making his already tense extremities stiffen even more.
Without bothering to answer, Moriarty stepped to one side and disappeared from the camera's view. Sherlock stared at the laptop screen in disbelief; at the figure of John in that horrible glass coffin. His shallow breaths were barely discernible, and the beeping of the heart monitor was getting steadily weaker.
It couldn't have been more than a couple of minutes before Sherlock felt John's knot deflate. Semen spilled over the edge of his hole and ran down his arse cheek. They would remain joined much longer during a heat, but there was nothing he could do about that now. John snuggled against him as if trying to prevent himself from slipping out of Sherlock. He pressed his face against Sherlock's skin, squeezing his omega so hard that it left Sherlock breathless.
"You're thinking! I can hear you thinking and it's annoying!" He nestled in even closer in the curve of John's neck and wrapped his arms around John's shoulders. "I thought you'd left again for a moment..." he whispered, refusing to accept how much he liked it when John drew him in even closer to his body.
John's face crumpled in pain as he struggled with the burning behind his eyelids. Ella waited, giving him time to calm down. They didn't get far that day. John was only able to get out in a few broken, halting words on what had happened, how he'd witnessed Sherlock's fall from the bridge. How he'd hoped and prayed that his friend would turn up again. Until the point came when he would even have been satisfied if they'd found his body, just so he could attain closure.
Once again, Victor was leaning against the chestnut tree in front of the natural sciences building, waiting for Tom. At least that's how it looked to anyone who didn't know any better regarding their relationship. Even Victor tried to tell himself that's what he was doing, despite the fact that a part of him was well aware that he had other reasons.
"No, I... don't need any," John said, taking one last long look at the black frames with blue lenses before putting them back.
The air was pregnant with aphrodisiacal fragrances in a wide range of variations, making it difficult for John to breathe. The cocktail crept into his nose and mouth, coating hair follicles and numbing air sacs. John swallowed hard.
John was used to much different things. Some random civil servant who held God only knew what position in the British government didn't scare him a bit. Anyway, now that Sherlock wasn't around, John was of no use to him anymore, making him wonder what Mycroft wanted from him.
While Victor communicated using hand signals with the young man behind the counter and handed him the jacket, John ventured a glance in the direction of the bar. There was a passageway between it and the rear section of the club. Vague and mysterious, purple-hued shapes were all he could make out; the details of the people back there were swallowed up in the darkness.
Sherlock shrugged. “It is a very busy place, and most people who come there early in the morning are in a hurry and concentrate on business. I’d say it’d be the best time for a stealthy murder. Have you ever been there?”
She gazes up at him, her expression grave. She shrugs. “I think so. I’ll try not to cry too much. Two of my friends’ parents are divorced, too. Sometimes, they seem a bit sad, but on the whole they’re okay, I think. One of them has a half-brother now. That’s a bit odd, but they also have a cute little dog, so she likes the new family.” She shrugs again. “I look forward to going to London more often to visit Daddy. I want to see Dippy again before they put him away for repairs. And I want to go to the British Library, and there’s a house that’s like a museum only real, with food in the kitchen and everything. I’d like to go there as well, only I don’t remember the name.”
Giving their statements in Lestrade’s office is awkward and somewhat challenging for Sherlock. He knows that often, the way he deduces people borders on the inexplicable and uncanny, especially when he is able to predict what is going to happen in the near future based on his deductions. It’s even more impressive than reconstructing what happened in the past. In most cases, there is a logical, scientific explanation which he is happy tell anybody willing to listen. But the situation is different now. This time, he didn’t solve the case and catch the killer through his deductions, but mostly because he
Together, they watch the three men talk while Fratelli finishes his drink. He then waves to the waitress to pay. While he waits for her to return with the bill, Moriarty and Moran stand. Moran hands the bag to Fratelli and says something that makes the other grin and shake his head. The set out, walking leisurely. Sherlock lowers the camera and steps further back into the shadows. John follows suit. He is certain they haven’t been seen, but better not take any risks. Even though two men are heading in their general direction, they are walking towards another side street that runs vaguely parallel to the one they’re hiding in.
Things are quiet again next door. Sherlock curls in more tightly round himself and hopes to fall asleep during this respite, because if he doesn’t manage now, he knows he’s unlikely to for the remainder of the night despite his exhaustion. But then at least he’s going to repay the other by playing his violin throughout it, so that if he can’t find rest, Dr. Watson won’t, either.
Sherlock’s face does a strange thing John finds annoyingly difficult to read. There’s definitely relief there, which makes John a little sad. But there’s something else as well. He can’t be certain. Is it ... could it be ... regret?
Sherlock snorted contemptuously, he eyes however betraying his true feelings as they were glinting with mirth. “I just need you with me as a windbreak, and to carry an extra waterbottle.”
John nods and follows Sherlock across the square and into a winding street bordered by tall, somewhat jumbled houses to the right and high walls often overgrown by greenery or adorned with graffiti to the left. Sometimes, arches span the street, linking the architecture on both sides. John remembers wandering along this street on previous rest days, albeit during daylight. Apparently, some geological fault line runs through the city, and the winding Rue du Hedas follows it. Most houses are dark with their inhabitants still asleep, and there are no cars about. Twice, they encounter cats who eye them suspiciously from elevated perches before slinking away. From somewhere wafts the scent of freshly baked baguettes. John’s stomach rumbles.
“I was clean at the time, as I am now,” returns Sherlock angrily. “Drag me to the authorities for another test, if you don’t believe me. I needed all my mental faculties intact for that case, and I hadn’t touched cocaine for over a year at the time. In fact, I hadn’t been long out of rehab. What you see there is costume, make-up, a couple of sleepless nights, and calculated lack of nutrition to look a little strung out. It was all controlled. After I solved the case, I burned the outfit, took a long bath, shaved, ate enough calories for a mountain stage in the Alps, and slept for two nights. Happy?”
Greg turned to meet his gaze, a skeptical eyebrow raised. "You think he's really going to go for that?"
Now that 95% of the noise had been cut out, Mycroft heard the slight creak of the floorboards and didn’t have to look up to know exactly what it was. “Alright,” he sighed. “You too…come here.”
"She's going to watch the movie from the nightstand. She can see better from there," Mycroft said, half biting his tongue to keep from laughing at Greg's gobsmacked expression.
"Shi'd," Sherlock parroted, causing Molly to sputter and giggle, hiding behind her napkin. "Shi'd, shi'd, shiiiiii'd."
"Wadn't all that bad," Greg added as he stood at Jawn's other elbow. "Yeah, now it's time to stand up...good boy."
Sherlock shushed him before Mycroft had a chance. He adjusted the position his duck and then let it fly. It arced through the air and then banged against the counter before hitting the ground.
Sherlock popped them into his mouth and walked down the hall, back towards the nursery. "My clothes are here?"
Sherlock flushes the toilet eagerly. “In the southern hemisphere the water goes down the other way round.” John just nods as he helps Sherlock wash his hands before ushering him back into the bedroom.
"There is much less egg in the batter on the spoon than there is on your slimy hands." Mycroft took the mixing bowl off the stand.
fallen asleep, laying across Greg's chest with his dummy making small, fluttering motions at his mouth, his fist gripping a handful of Greg's shirt.
Mycroft sat down in the floor next to his little brother while Molly stood by, her eyes wide an uncertain, her hand held over her mouth.
"And since it was just your birthday, it would make sense to cover your birthday cupcakes in candles."
"Is the kitchen a happening vacation spot?" Greg lathered up a flannel and began to wipe the baby down, paying special attention to his glittery bits.
Mycroft put his hand at the small of Sherlock's back and nudged him towards Greg. "You and Gregory go get washed up while I put the tools away."
"I y'ike bubba's," Sherlock said, and slipped down out of Mycroft's lap...with a little bit of help, of course.
Within the first ten minutes, Mycroft could tell this wasn’t a child friendly film. Apparently, several of the dinosaurs at “Jurassic Park” had developed a taste for human flesh. “This needs to be turned off right now, Jawn,” Mycroft scowled--the little doctor had been pushing his luck all day.
Greg waited until John had gone down the stairs and out the front door to stand up, the baby clinging like a barnacle. He hadn't trusted himself not to react physically to the man.
He licks his lips and closes his eyes, leaning in when John moves closer to him, so he’s unprepared for the sharp slap to his thinly trousered thigh. “I said; trousers and pants off; kneel on the sofa.” That tone of voice again. But he’s too stunned by the fact that he’s accidentally disobeyed John to be able to process. He strips his bottoms in record time and is kneeling on the edge of the sofa with his back to John.
Jawn froze mid jump, which caused him to land his squishy bum on the bed. "He throws bigger wobblers than me, though,” he scoffed, trying to get back on his feet.
“What do you want for lunch, Jawn?” Sherlock asked, sliding down the bed until he was pressed shoulder to shoulder with him.
Mycroft cleared his throat and grabbed a small, squarish pillow from the couch, then placed it in a chair at the table and had Sherlock sit down on it gingerly. “It’s been brought to my attention that we had a little visitor back there, even after I asked for privacy,” he said, taking Sherlock’s arm and rolling up his sleeve for him.
“Yes, I see, wonderful job,” Mycroft said without turning around, and poured the box of mini-rigatoni into the boiling water. Some things never changed…including his brothers’ need to be praised. Oh, well…he was more than glad to indulge him.
Mycroft glanced down at him and kissed his forehead. "Let's go change your bottom," he said, patting Sherlock's hip. "And then we'll sit in the rocking chair and read a nice story; how does that sound."
"Apologies." Greg used the flannel to wipe down Sherlock's tray before taking it off the booster. "You can
"You like that one a lot, don't you." Mycroft looked through the toy bin, and came up with the big, red flower-shaped floater with 'petals' that lit up. And the small jets in the center would even spray thin streams of water in small arcs.
"Soon. You two can cuddle up while I finish up a few things," Mycroft smiled and tried to pat down Greg's hair, which only made it worse.
Soon, the quiet got to be too much, even for a stubborn little pirate captain trying to make a point, and Jawn pulled himself out from under the bed and crept down the hallway wondering why he couldn’t hear anyone anymore. He peeked around the corner into the kitchen--Mycroft was washing something in the sink while Sherlock looked on from where he sat at Myc’s feet.
Sherlock, who was curled over on Mycroft's chest, was quietly watching the movie...but when his older brother started snoring (which he DID, no matter how much he insisted that he didn't), he turned over and switched to Greg's chest so he could still hear.
from the kitchen interrupted him, followed by a beat pause, then a cry. Mycroft looked up sharply and hurried out of the nursery to see what had happened.
"S'ay pu'," Jawn shook his head yes, then no, then in circles. "Shhr'yoook! 'Mere! I gunna ha'b a g'een arm! Y'ike Hulk!!!!!" Jawn's heels drummed the changing table "Jawn smash!"
“Am I going to rinse Jawn’s dummy, or fetch a bar of soap? Hmmm?” Mycroft said as he headed to the bathroom.
"Co'mere, little man." John opened his arms and soon found them full of whinging little detective. He gave his boy a squeeze and dropped a kiss on his nose. "You are going to be a very good boy for Mrs. Hudson, aren't you, Pet?"
Jawn stalked (as best he could in a soaked nappy, mind) across the room. "Quit smacking my baby," he growled as he climbed onto the bed and pulled Sherlock’s head onto his lap.
"S'eep ina tub? Me too?!" Sherlock bounced in his seat. "S'umber par'y, Jawn!" Jawn gave a jaw-cracking yawn and smiled at Sherlock without opening his eyes.
"Likewise," Mycroft said, and snapped the crotch of the onesie in place. "There, all done," he tutted, rubbing Sherlock's belly.
“Shhh, I know…worst part’s over now,” Mycroft spoke quietly, then kissed his little brother on the forehead before putting a hand on his shoulder and making him lie back, stark naked.
Greg ushered Sherlock into the nursery, and helped him climb up onto the changing table. "Why didn't you want to sit and read a story with your brother, sweetheart?" he asked as he popped the snaps on the baby's onesie.
“But My, we want to play the games!” Sherlock whinged, trying (and failing) to pull his arm out of Mycroft’s grasp. “I wanna show Jawn how good I am at claw machines!”
Greg sighed and sat up. "Monkey, I promise," he began, pushing his own sunglasses up on his forehead. "We'll go back inside in a bit. Just enjoy the sunshine for now, okay?"
He took Daddy's hand and followed him through the kitchen, snatching his jumper off the back of a chair as he was tugged down the hall. Daddy pulled him into his bedroom and kept hold of his hand, rifling through the closet with the other.
"Not now. Get the watering can and fill it up." Mycroft kept a hold of Sherlock's wrists as the baby whinged and struggled against him. "We're going to take a nice shower in the greenhouse, with all the flowers! Isn't that going to be fun?"
run," Mycroft reminded him as he let Sherlock out of the car. He did walk, but at a quickened pace. Mycroft sighed as he shut the door and followed, while the car pulled away towards the garage.
"Good boy." Greg ruffled his hair and jogged down the hall to the nursery, to scavenge batteries from another toy.
"We won't," Greg said matter-of-factly, arm cradling Sherlock against his chest as he patted his hip. "Cause guess what we're going to do?" He was smiling and talking to the baby now, having already dismissed John. "We're going to change you into a nappy and pack a bag, and then you're going to stay with your brother'n me for a few days, how about that?"
Jawn looked surprised, then triumphant, then suspicious. All expressed quite vividly without removing his cup from his mouth.
"I’m going to hold you both to that. Now, let’s get you both dressed, unless you want to go out in just your nappies…DON’T RUN!” he called out, but the two oversized toddlers were halfway back to the bedroom, giggling and trying to trip each other up in order to be first.
“Bee’, bee’, bee’,” Sherlock chanted back, reaching up to poke at Jawn’s nose causing the little Doctor to fall over in a giggle fit. They laid on the carpet poking at each other’s faces.
"Oh, shush," Mycroft admonished. "Hand me that pillow, then get one for yourself and come about the other side."
Jawn chewed his thumb in thought. “Sher'yock gotted three in one day. Two from me and one from Nana.”
"Myc, wha-" He stepped around Mycroft to see that Sherlock and put himself on the step, Peanut and Baxter sitting next to him.
Mycroft used a corner of the towel to gently pat Sherlocks' face and chest dry. "Would you let me shave your face if Gregory held you?"
“Sherlock most certainly did not 'do it’.” Mycroft patted the little detective on his hip, expecting a fit of indignant rage at being falsely accused..but Sherlock sat placidly, wide eyed, as Jawn opened the bin of crayons and started pulling out his favorites.
Both Greg and Mycroft clapped and hooted. Sherlock startled for a moment before ducking his head bashfully.
John moves slowly, pushing in fully, never taking his eyes off Sherlock's face. The detective makes breathy noises through lips that can’t seem to form words.
Jawn fought the instinct to follow and instead took the takeaway packages out of the bag and laid the table. Mycroft helped him out of his coat before putting a gentle hand on his shoulder and guiding him into a chair.
“Bubba’s, Jawn.” Sherlock showed him the tiny bottle with a watery smile, eager to make friends again.
Mycroft gave him a soft grin; "Alright,"  he said, taking his lovers' hand and started them out of the kitchen. "But first, what are we having for dinner."
"Lunch, then." Greg used the damp flannel from earlier to start cleaning Sherlock's hands while the baby desperately tried to suck all the frosting off before it could be wiped away.
," Mycroft said, his voice oh-so-dangerously-soft. "I was wondering why this 'midnight snack' seemed to be taking so long."
need a nap,” Sherlock snapped, his upper lip curling into a sneer. “That’s why all he’s done is whinge and cry today!”
“Little. Boy." Mycroft punctuated each word with another swat as he carefully made his way back down the stairs. “You are about to learn where your “Da’” learned all his meanest techniques.”
"My'cobb try a' tri'g me." Sherlock pulled his hand out of Mycroft's and took hold of the railing. "I'm no'd stoo'bid."
"Ohhhh...G'eg no'd wear c'yothes?" Sherlock asked as Greg sputtered indignantly in front of him; "Myc!"
"Your brother's fine. Just let me pick some music for us..." Greg made one more attempt to take command of the phone, only to have Sherlock move it out of his reach.
Sherlock's eyes widened for a moment before he smiled, making them crinkle at the corners, and hid his face against Mycroft's chest.
Sherlock picked up his tea and held it to his lips. "Well..." he began, with that same dismissive shrug of his shoulders.
Without his bickering partner to keep up with, Greg soon found himself genuinely sleepy, and fought to stifle an actual yawn.
"Sherlock will make an honest effort to get eight hours of sleep at night," John wrote on the paper.
"Then why are you--?!" Greg started, then huffed and sat back down as the fuzzy feeling in his legs intensified the moment he tried to take a step.
"Peanu'd!" Sherlock made grabby hands at the toy and promptly buried his wet face in Peanuts fuzzy belly.
Mycroft glanced up at him; "After they scolded him for running off and got him dried, they took Sally back home and found a flower in Mummy's garden for her."
"At least I have nappies to fall back on. How do you unwind, brother mine? Blow up a municipality?” Sherlock snarked, kissing Jawns' nose.
Sherlock squealed and bucked, trying to pull his foot free. “No, no no no nonononononono, My! L’eggo!”
“Well, Sherlock’s going to sit there until–” There was a tugging at his sleeve, pulling the bite of food away from his waiting mouth. “Yes, Jawn?”
Sherlock laid out a flannel and carefully arranged his fish so they could s'eep. "I dun' wan' jams."
Mycroft sat down and put another bite of pasta into his mouth, an eyebrow cocked at the little doctor. “Finish your supper, boys. Then it’s bath time.” Mycroft held a bite up to Sherlock’s lips.
Mycroft shrugged, and Greg had to admit, this was the most relaxed he'd ever seen the man. "He's full, and he's happy."
"I d'un y'ike ha'ds, bu'd I wan' a res'. P'ease?" Sherlock slid of the bed and came to stand next to Molly, who could not stop wiggling.
Mycroft took that in stride and quickly rid him of his trousers. “I’m pleased that you take such good care of Sherlock," he said, and checked Jawn’s nappy for wetness, getting an indignant squeak from the little doctor. “But the point of being little is so that you don’t have to worry.” Mycroft held open the pajama bottoms for Jawn to step into.
"I'm not ready for bed, Daddy." Sherlock tries to look stern, but he doesn't cut a threatening figure in his blue fleece footy pajamas with John's grey jumper from the day before tucked over his shoulder.
Mycroft shushed him gently. "Whatever happened, it was an accident. And you knew enough to call for help. That's the important part." Sherlock started to cry.
"You got a little mean back there on the stairs. You should tell Mycroft you're sorry, and that you love him."
Now that Jawn's belly was full, the effect of the pain medication and the stress began to take their toll, and soon had him feeling sleepy. His face drooped dangerously close to his pilfered pizza toppings.
"We know," Mycroft said, and pulled Sherlock back to his chest. "But she's hard plastic, darling. That doesn't make for a good sleeping partner."
Sherlock remained quiet, and continued to watch his brother as he moved through the flat quietly, collecting his gloves, his umbrella, and all his miscellaneous posh bits.
Jawn nodded, rubbing his cheek against Mycroft’s sleeve. “Uh-huh, and um, can I…can I have the same stuff Sherlock got?”
But that still didn't prevent him from seeing Greg reach over and put a hand on his brother's shoulder, while Mycroft fought to retain control over the expression on his face. "C'mon, Sherlock..." Greg said, his voice flat.
Greg caught a very dirty little fist before Jawn could scrub his eyes with it. "We made a deal. You want more biscuit?"
"Pet, we've discussed this," John paused squinting at the wall counting silently, "six times in the last two days alone."
"That's adorable," Mycroft said, moving to stand beside Sherlock and look over his shoulder. "Does each one play a different note?
Greg tried not to wince at the glare Mycroft sent in his direction, aware that less than two weeks ago he'd had an ugly moment of frustration and grumbled about Mycroft not being able to control the boys. "Sit down, love. I'll make you a cuppa and we'll figure out our next step."
Using his telescope he peeped around the corner to see Jake the Pirate standing proud on the bow of his ship.
“You have exactly three seconds to change your attitude before an early nap is the least of your worries," Mycroft growled.
Mycroft pulled the nappy over Jawn's bits, and taped it closed. He smiled to himself as he watched the tension drain from the little doctor’s chest. “Not vile, brother mine, pragmatic. And, anyways, spoon feeding two fussy little boys doesn’t sound like an enjoyable time.”
Jawn grumbled to himself, glaring in turns at Greg, the sun, and then Sherlock, who was busy making an elaborate castle for Ma’ti’ya the alligator. He imagined himself going over and stomping the tar out of that sandcastle. But Sher'yock would cry, like he
Mycroft gave Jawn a gentle push towards the sitting room before turning on his baby brother. “Sherlock. Collect your bottle and Jawn’s cup, please.”
He headed straight for it, crossing the yard in quick order while trying to force his heart back down out of his throat. Jawn
Greg shrugged; "We've always planned stuff with the both of them. And it wouldn't be the worst thing they'd caught us doing," he added.
Mycroft smirked as he stripped Sherlock of his trousers. Smart arse little thing. “No, Jawn. Pick out something comfortable to wear to snuggle. I saw something green in the drawer.
"No, Sherlock, it's okay sweetheart." Greg looped his arm with Sherlock's. "We'll take pictures of you in your pretty dress later."
Jawn frowned mutinously behind his dummy for a moment before stripping off Mycroft’s coat and handing it to him.
“Hi, Sher’yock,” Jawn whispered…he didn’t know why he was whispering, but the atmosphere of the room made whispering seem to be the right thing.
“Y-yes, yes, p-p’omise, oooooowwwww-uh-huh-huh!!! Ow, My’coff….My’coff, stoooop!!” the poor little detective sobbed, his feet pedaling in the air.
"B'ery care'bul." Sherlock took the knife reverently; "F'ank'oo," he mumbled as he watched Mycroft use his own knife to scope a dollop of frosting onto a cupcake and smooth it out evenly.
"Yellow, of course." Mycroft slipped the top loop over Sherlock's head, then stepped behind him tied the straps into a very loose bow. "Go choose your seat," he said with a kiss to Sherlock's cheek. "Where's your bottle?"
“Not exactly. He’ll feel better once we’re in the flat. He’ll have a good cry. And then we’ll have juice and a snuggle.”
"My'cob." Sherlock went to him willingly, and and clung to him just as tightly as he'd clung to Greg.
Mycroft arrived with a baby bottle of apple juice, and handed it to Greg. "Can you handle him while I go get dressed?"
Mycroft blew out a sigh. He was well versed at diplomacy, even in regards to Sherlock's welfare...but Jawn had also been their sweet boy.
"G'eg fun'nee." Sherlock yawned and snuggled closer. Greg leaned them back until they were laying down. "Fun'nee y'ike c'yown."
"Yeah, talk, sure." Greg gave Sherlock a little squeeze and the baby grumbled in his sleep. "I dunno if I can ever even look at him again."
"I think you just answered your own question love. Come give Daddy a cuddle so we can get you a proper tuck in." Sherlock's pouting but immediately sits up and let's himself be enveloped by daddy's waiting arms. There are warm kisses on his temple and a couple of squeezes from the arms wrapped around him.
"We'll have something even better for breakfast, I promise." Mycroft took Sherlocks' hands and helped him out of his seat, then reached over and plucked the two stuffed animals out of the booster. "Here," he said, giving them back to his little brother. "Take your friends and go wait by the steps, please."
"Sherlock, you are not coming with me to visit Harry at the treatment center! Your deductions would put everyone there back on the sauce."
"I think they marathon Peeps Big World at this time of night," Greg leaned down so Sherlock could snatch his bunny off the bed. Mycroft remained tangled in his blanket.
Sherlock began to reach for something, but Jawn’s hand darted in first and snagged a little green (naturally) toy car that would zip forward after being rolled backwards. “This an outside toy?” he asked, eyeing Mycroft suspiciously.
“It’s my dummy and I want it now!” Jawn shouted, abandoning the umbrella and pummeled pillow on the floor. He reached to take the dummy from Sherlock’s mouth but found his wrist caught in a firm grip.
Sherlock's lip curled and he slowly stood back up, taking care with every motion in order not to knot himself up again."You think?"
"Yes, yes, you're terribly clever." Mycroft bent down and gave the top of Sherlock's head a kiss. "Now shhhh, it's past Gregory's bedtime."
Jawn glanced at his crab sunglasses, bright red with little pinchers jutting off each side. "I'ds s'dill too haw'd, G'eg," he whinged, drumming his heels in the grass.
Mycroft whipped around, turning a dark glare on Greg...which faded as soon as he noticed his little brother cowering. His shoulders slumped as he sighed; "...Where else could he have gone?" he asked out loud, running his hand back over his thinning hair, and looking slightly sheepish as he did so.
"I'm e'ssited too." Sherlock licked his fingers and reached for the last cupcake. "I y'ub p'esents."
"Mmmm. They coul' ha'b y'ittle bi'd mo'," Sherlock said, slurping a noodle in spite of not being hungry anymore.
Sherlock immediately started to crawl down the hall after Mycroft. Jawn dawdled in the kitchen. “Come along Jawn, we don’t want to have to change your name to Captain Jawn Wet Pants,” Mycroft called out.
"Yes. And that will be okay, too." Mycroft caught the little detective's sleeve. "Sherlock. Look at me." It took him several tries before he was looking Mycroft full in the face.
"Now they ea'd they dinner, they c'n ha'b a cu'bca'ges?" Sherlock tried for nonchalant, adjusting Peanut in her seat.
“Jawn, Jawn, Jawn! Soap on'a hands,” Sherlock sing-song'ed as he helped Jawn wash his hands. “Scrub, scrub, scrub. All c’ean, Jawn.”
Sherlock rolled himself over and took his brother's phone, then nestled back against Greg. "My'coff gots games?"
Greg playful nipped at Sherlock's fingers as Mycroft slipped out of the bedroom. "Would you like to watch some telly while we relax?"
"Such a sweet boy." Greg started to disrobe in order to get ready for bed. "I'll take him over in a minute so you can change," he told Mycroft.
Which ended up being the pink dress, one yellow satin opera glove, one white lace glove, and a glittery red, sequined scarf. "Wha's this?!" Molly said, breathless after finally reaching the bottom of the trunk and pulling out another, smaller box.
Sherlock stood to the side, his own towels draped over his head and shoulders like a shroud while he sucked his thumb and watched. “Duck’th?”
Sherlock didn't respond for so long, Mycroft thought he'd fallen asleep. "...S'ill miss 'im," he whispered.
"You're more than welcome to take him back downstairs," Mycroft said, turning off the movie that no one was watching any longer. "But no cupcakes."
“Fantastic. What’s your favorite way to eat a potato,” Mycroft asked quietly, and switched from rubbing to patting.
Sherlock tucked his thumb in his mouth and stared at the mess, then looked down at Jawn, who turned to stare back up at him. Then, Jawn craned his neck to peer up at Mycroft. “Tha’s a y’ot,” he said.
“See, you can be sweet and well-behaved.” Mycroft’s hand continued to thunk against Jawn’s nappy; “…when you want to be.”
As if he knew he was being discussed, Sherlock crawled right over to Greg and tugged on the leg of his trousers with a grungy fist, then held up a handful of cut grass in his other, a lone clover blossom sticking out between two fingers. "Here, G'eg!"
“I would never harm Sherlock,” Mycroft said softly, retrieving his little brother's stuffed bee, Mr. Bumble, from the sitting room. “Spankings sting and Sherlock is a drama queen.” He handed the stuffed bee to Jawn. “I need you to stay here,  alright.”
“G’een, Sher’yock?” Jawn peeped. He’d scooted his bum across the floor and was half in the sitting room, playing with an action figure he’d found wedged behind his chair.
"Though, if you'd let Greg shave this stubble..." he said, and rubbed his thumb along Sherlock's scruffy cheek.
"Up we go, then," Mycroft said, giving his little brother a boost up onto the counter, and retrieved a plastic mixing spoon from the drawer below him.
Mycroft opened the drawer the held the silverware and picked out two butter knives. "Two rules," he said as he held them just out of Sherlock's reach.
telling the truth...technically. It hadn't been five minutes...it had been ten. But Jawn didn't need to know that. "I'll let you know when it's been five minutes. Go play with Sherlock, baby...look, he's got a fantastic sand castle going!"
John has had enough, and just as he feels his balls tightening, he rams to the back of Sherlock’s throat and let’s go. Sherlock swallows all like a good boy, his eyes closing in contentment, only a few drops of John escape and slid down his chin.
“Jawn gots good manners!” Sherlock took down a plate covered in bees for himself and surreptitiously pulled down a plate covered in cupcakes for his My’coff. He put the plates on the table and moved to the drawer they kept the flatware in. “Jawn needs baby fork, but I can have a big boy fork?”
"Not much of a conversationalist at the moment, huh?" Greg kissed his forehead again; "You can't let this happen again, sweet-pea. Old Greg's heart can't take it. You have to take as good a'care of yourself as I would. And this ain't it."
"Dow' s'airs, 'mon." Sherlock waggled his fingers at him. Jawn grunted and used his good arm to stand himself up. An arm around his waist kept him from falling over headfirst.
"I c'n hel'b, G'eg!" Sherlock scooped a pile of necklaces and earrings and bracelets into the skirt of his dress and tried to stand up. "I zip i'd fo' you!"
Both men let out a breath of relief when Jawn finally reached the last step and made it to solid ground. "Well done!" Greg said as he reached for Jawn's hand.
“I’m not crying! You’re mean!” Sherlock shouted, working himself into hysterics. “I’m very big and I can do things by my own self!”
"Then select four that are not the best ones, and we can make them just as lovely as the rest of their friends."
"Hello sweet boy," Greg cooed as he pulled Sherlock's bib off over his head, then lifted him out of his chair. Sherlock snuffled and stretched, then curled around Greg and laid his head on his shoulder.
"Just another minute now," Mycroft said, making him sit back up. "As soon as this sugar gets mixed in, we'll test it again."
"Your brother was telling me that you had some owwies," Molly leaned down and dug in her bag, pulling out a polka dotted elephant. "Look, this is Peanut...can you show Peanut where it hurts?"
"No, no, no, don't reach with that hand, love." Greg stood at the bars and wiped at Jawn's face, shushing him.
Greg had just finished pouring Sherlock's bottle and was screwing the lid on tight when he felt something poke him in the ribs, prompting him to shout and jump no less than three feet into the air.
Sherlock made a face into his shoulder but kept his snark to himself, which John counted as a victory.
"Nicely worded." Both men reached the top landing, and quietly made their way to the master bedroom. "You missed a good third of the story."
“Oh, of course.” Mycroft huffed, pulling a pair of gloves out of the box and snapping them on. “Has the patient decided which plaster they would prefer?”
"A telescope," Mycroft said, grinning from ear to ear. "Look, see," he said, pointing to the blue and gold plastic tube; "You look in here, and you'll see--"
“Yes, and those are very good manners, thank you,” Mycroft said as he ushered the nappied little boy into the other room. “But
“Daddy?” Sherlock inquires, looking up through his messy fringe of curls. His eyes are wide with interest, but glossy with orgasm induced tears.
“Language,” Jawn said absently, his face scrunched in concentration. “Couldn’t we change each other?”
"Daddy won't let me use the toaster after I put his phone in the one upstairs. I tried to explain that I was just drying off the tea but he was still mad."
Sherlock snuggled right in and took to the last third or so of his bottle right away, without the need of any coaxing.
“Precisely,” Mycroft called over his shoulder as he entered the dark nursery. He tried to set Sherlock down on the cot, but the baby wailed and clung tighter. “Oh, for heavens sake!” He propped Sherlock’s bum against the bed and strained to flip on the bedside lamp.
Sherlock crossed his legs and grabbed both his feet. "Y'ah," he said, leaning over to watch what Greg was doing. "Bax'er g'yowed."
"Well, you said you wanted the baby to spend some time out here," Greg said nonchalantly, but secretly preened under the praise. "To be honest, part of it was to keep him from climbin' around on the--" Greg suddenly stopped, and Mycroft looked up to see him watching the baby. "--What's he doing?" Greg asked.
Now that Jawn was out of his sight, Sherlock began to squirm. “Down, down My?” he pleaded, trying to crane his neck to see…he was eager to get there before Jawn usurped every single green crayon in the box. “Down, p’ease?!”
Mycroft put Sherlock’s cup on the nightstand and turned down the bed before carefully extracting himself from the little detective’s grasp.
"I think," Mycroft started, "I think Jawn is having a hard time and doesn't know what his feelings are. You've done your best by him. The rest isn't up to you."
Greg put a thinner slice on his plate...the entire area of the dinner table around Jawn was dirty and smeared, as was the child himself. Greg (or Mycroft, if he could happen to sweet talk his lover into it) was going to have to take a rag and soapy water and scrub him down in a whores' bath at the sink.
“Do you know the game 'Pick Up'?” Mycroft asked, frowning around at the sitting room--and at the toys, crayons, and sippy cups that were now
Everyone was quiet for a moment, and then Molly spoke up. "Yeah, um...yeah, if there's anything else you need like that, or if you just want him looked at again, I can help you out with whatever you need."
"Aha! I knew the louse hadn't actually binned them," Greg cheered, pulling a pack of Jammie Dodgers from behind a very large box of pasta. Mycroft would be pissed about the crumbs, but hopefully he'd be too busy eating more than his share to notice.
"I could never leave my Sherlock." Greg twisted around and kissed the top of Sherlocks' head. "Grab yourself a bib and go sit down, please."
“Why come you ge’ded a sam’widge. You ea’ded pastas too,” Jawn asked, giving Mycroft a critical stare.
Mycroft carefully scooted the baby off his lap and went to the pantry, where teh aprons were kept. "This one or this one?" he asked, holding up two.
"Close your eyes," Mycroft said; "Picture what you're wishing for, then wish very, very hard and blow out your candle."
Jawn reached down to flick the lettuce away; “…Y’abbit spit up,” he said sheepishly, when he saw Mycroft watching.
"I y'am 'gain!" Sherlock called back as Mycroft tugged him out of the room, his nappy making his bum sway with each step.
Things quieted down instantly, and for a few precious minutes, Mycroft was actually enjoying the quiet stroll with his little brother, with Jawn trailing behind.
Sherlock shook his head and stared up at the tip of the light, and flinched when it suddenly clicked on and shined right in his eye. He blinked and turned his head away.
"Even if we put you in your other bee jams?" Greg wrapped Sherlock in the huge fluffy towel and used another to pat his hair.
Mycroft moved quickly, holding tight to Jawn’s trousers to keep the squirming baby in place and muttering soft encouragements in order to stall the fit he was seemingly about to throw.
“There could be cuddling, or massages. I assume you don’t want to talk about what happened earlier today – although I think you should at some point, but perhaps not to me but someone more ... professional. We could watch something you love to take apart. Or ... oh, wait, I have an idea. This could potentially be either brilliant or a complete disaster. Wait here for a moment. I need to fetch something from my room. Make yourself comfortable on the bed – or in it, whatever you prefer. I’ll be back in a mo’. Oh, and you can occupy yourself by trying to deduce what I’m going to fetch.”
“At first I thought they would shoot me right there and then. They certainly were annoyed enough. And I can tell you, John, I’ve never been more desperate than in that moment when they pressed the gun to my head and played with the trigger, fearing that everything I had done, everything I had gone through, all the pain I had caused and was still causing you had been in vain, that I couldn’t complete what I have set out to do, and that I would never return.”
John bristles, struggling to sound civil. “I had no idea about your plans. I just came here for a bit of peace and quiet – hard to come by during a race such as the Tour, as you’ll agree. As you said, too many people about elsewhere. But I can leave, if you two prefer some privacy.”
“We come from London,” replies Sherlock curtly. “But Mr. Cook is correct. Our errand is such that we may not disclose it publicly. Rest assured, however, that my colleague and I, who, by the way, is a naval surgeon assigned to assist me, do our bit for the war like the rest of the nation.” With that, he snatches up the two glasses and stalks off, resisting the temptation to deduce the two farmers and show them where his talents truly lie.
John shrugs and laughs. “Yeah, true. But I guess the people who make these manips – and even more those who produce gay porn – like their men well built.”
“Yes, whenever your colleagues granted me access,” returns Sherlock somewhat testily. There have been a number of very fascinating cases he was kept away from. Some, he knows, haven’t been solved to this day. He is not surprised.
Sherlock was sitting very straight, his face unreadable. But John knew him well enough by now to see behind the façade. Sherlock was confused and struggling with the implications of what he had just heard, masking his turbulent emotions with cold indifference. At length, swallowing very slightly, he asked, “Why would he be upset? We haven’t seen each other, nor spoken, nor maintained any contact whatsoever for almost fifteen years, and we did not part on good terms. Why would he care if I jumped off a building?”
She hisses softly while John bandages her splinted arm, looks thoughtful for a moment, then nods. “Now that you mention it ... yes, he did. Occasionally. He teased me about my work, wanting to know why a radio factory needed so many girls for filing and similar jobs. I dodged his questions as best I could, making jokes about what we were doing there. He seemed content at the time. But I do remember that he brought it up time and time again, always teasing. But perhaps he was testing my story as well, looking for gaps.”
Something complicated goes on in Sherlock’s face. Once again, John finds himself unable to even guess at his thoughts. At length, he frowns as he looks down at John. “How about me being the judge of what’s good for me, John?”
As he stands with his teammates watching the other teams parade on the stage, showing off their bikes and their jerseys, being introduced to the audience and the press with a few words about their career and their aspirations for this year’s Tour, John recalls that they’re still one man short. Only eight riders showed up at the brief meeting with their manager before they headed out to Trafalgar Square. The riders’ questions concerning the missing ninth cyclist were answered only evasively. “He’ll come,” Greg assured them repeatedly. But every time he said it, he sounded less convinced, and looked more harrowed and nervous, darting quick glances at his mobile and his watch.
which is still being chased by a ferocious Ricoletti. The captain of Team CS is riding in a class of his own today and has almost caught up with the escapees due to their slight delay caused by Wiggins’ crash. On the long, straight, fairly steep climb out of Valloire on a road running parallel to the stony river Valloirette in its deep-cloven bed, Ricoletti manages to lessen their lead by almost a minute. Help comes from one of his teammates, Pedersoli, who drops out of the breakaway group to act as a windbreak for his captain, while another teammate, Girotti – ‘Super Mario’ – stays with the breakaways.
Sherlock rolls his eyes as he runs a hand through his tousled curls. Another lodger. Great. Exactly what he needs. He must have deleted the information, because only dimly he remembers Mrs. Turner mentioning it. It seemed unimportant at the time. Blast.
“Yes, indeed,” replied John. “You know, when two people who like each other huddle close together and enjoy each other’s company without the exchange of bodily fluids. Some light touching might be included as well.”
With a last long glance at John and Sherlock and a twinkle in her eyes, she pulls Wilcox inside and even draws the door to so that only a sliver of light from inside illuminates the alley. At Sherlock’s side, John’s shoulders sag when he lets out a long breath. “Wow, that was ...,” he breathes, running his free hand through his hair. Then he shakes his head, smiling to himself. He looks at Sherlock, whose breath hitches at the intensity of his gaze. He swallows.
John sits up with a groan and rubs his eyes. “How on earth could you possibly be hungry again? Two hours ago, you stuffed yourself with more cake than I usually eat in a week.”
“They’ll probably be taking the back door, anyway, unless a meeting has been arranged elsewhere in town.”
Lestrade frowns at Sherlock, opens his mouth to say something but shuts it again. He then glances at John who drops both poker and chair leg and steps back, clasping his hands behind his back at parade rest, while Donovan comes forward to arrest the unresisting Hope. “Who is ‘we’?” he asks sharply. “And who is this?” He points at John.
“Miss Kepple here was on duty that day and monitoring the messages that came in from this particular source.”
Sherlock shook his head, finishing the last of his bread. “They didn’t give a precise time, only a rough estimate. Not too early, I would assume. You won’t have to expect them before noon, rather later. They want to have another chat with the children, but are going to wait until they are back from school. Moreover, they are forwarding the case to Suffolk Constabulary Headquarters at Ipswich, so it’s realistic to expect someone to come from there, too. I told them to contact Lestrade about our fugitive Dr. Sommersby.”
Sherlock enquires after train times. Mrs. Cook informs him that a train is due to depart in half an hour, and another in about two hours’ time. “My husband is going to give old Reverend Walters a lift to the station later this morning, he can take you, too, if you don’t want to walk.”
“Yeah, she is. Talks to her dead dog and everything. But hey, guess little Freak here feels right at home there.”
John lets out an exasperated breath, runs a hand through his hair. “There’s more. These past few nights, I’ve been dreaming. Usually when I dream, it’s about when I got shot in Afghanistan, or other stuff about my tours. Or weird stuff about being back at school and having to write an exam without preparation or having no clothes on. But recently, I’ve been dreaming about feeding ducks with a small girl holding my hand – a girl I don’t know and whom I’ve never seen before, but who feels oddly ... familiar. Beloved, too, if that’s the right word. I know she’s important to me, somehow. I thought she might be Harry, my sister – that’s the one thing you deduced incorrectly, by the way. But she isn’t Harry. Sometimes in these dreams, I’m standing on the pavement outside Barts hospital looking up at the roof, knowing that something dreadful is going to happen soon and that I can’t prevent it. I dream about blood on pavement, me holding someone’s hand feeling for a pulse that isn’t there – and this has nothing to do with what I experienced in Afghanistan. I’ve dreamt about the flat, too. Perhaps that’s why it felt so familiar. The wallpaper, the fireplace, the two mismatched chairs in front of it. It’s all been there, in my dreams. And weirdest of all – and please don’t be ... you know ... shocked by it or offended – I’ve been dreaming about you. Nothing ... um ... inappropriate or ... indecent. Just normal stuff, like eating takeaway together or bickering about who does the washing up. Sometimes, we’re running somewhere, or hiding and waiting. Or we’re riding a cab, like now.”
John wasn’t looking forward to the obligatory Talk with Mycroft, however. He was convinced that either directly this evening upon their arrival or at least the tomorrow a sleek black car would show up to cart him off to some mysterious meeting place for a private chat with the British Government.
A short while later, Mike arrives for the massage. Sherlock is still in the bathroom, probably styling his hair. John submits to Mike’s ministrations while listening to the latest gossip which Mike readily provides, and checking his phone for messages. There are quite a few, almost half of them from his sister. They chart increasing worries about his silence. Obviously, she and some of their mutual friends watched his crash on television and now wants to know whether he’s still alive. He text her that he is, and takes a picture of the dressing on his thigh to send her.
“Yes, I do remember, John,” she quips wryly. “I have it on good authority you like the ladies, and on the danger of inflating your ego, I think we ladies like you, too, because you usually give us a good time. And I’m not saying that you should jump Sherlock’s bones at the next best opportunity. Hell, I’m not even sure he is into that sort of thing. At all. He barely suffered me to touch him during examinations. I actually wonder whether he lets anybody massage him. But ... I think I better shut up now. This will need a stitch or two, if you insist on riding tomorrow.”
“I know you, don’t I?” muses Lestrade. “Before the war, you used to hang out around Covent Garden selling rather questionable cigarettes and other counterfeit goods. You were part of a gang of youngsters called the Irregulars.”
“Only cold ones,” admits Sherlock. “But I read chemistry at Cambridge. I’ve always been fascinated by science, and I took to studying natural poisons found in the Buckinghamshire countryside. You’d be surprised what you can find the in the hedgerows and in the woods and fields. Also, I looked into the chemical consistency of the bricks they produce here, and analysed soil samples and the like. One never knows when these things might come in handy during a murder investigation.”
John thinks for a moment, before explaining about doping and the rise of the e-bike, but also stressing that the actual cycling has remained pretty much the same. “Look at it this way, back in the early days of the Tour, they had stages of 500 kilometres and more. They had to carry all their own repair equipment, the roads weren’t even asphalted in some parts. They stopped for breaks at local inns. When I started out as a young professional, you still had these great names who then fell from grace because they’d used illicit means to achieve their successes. I don’t want to excuse doping, far from it. But retrospectively knowing what they did doesn’t make their achievements anything less extraordinary. Look at people like Tyler Hamilton who rode half the Tour with a broken collarbone. No amount of EPO or chemical aid can help with that. You have people riding with injuries which in every other sport would see them in hospital. Cycling is bloody hard, despite improvements in technology – lighter bikes, better gear, all that – and it’s bloody brilliant at the same time. And this hasn’t changed in the almost two decades I’ve been part of this circus. Despite the hardship, I love it here, and I’m going to miss it.”
Still, it comes as mild surprise to suddenly feel proof of John’s actual desire. It shouldn’t, Sherlock knows. John is a sexual creature, and he has admitted to having had encounters with men as well (although Sherlock wonders about his statement of never having shared a bed with one – did they have sex standing up then, or what?). Likely, he is bisexual. And he has admitted to loving Sherlock. Desiring him, too, apparently, despite promising to respect his own wishes, even if those mean they won’t ever consummate their relationship physically.
He spends one last night at Montague Street in a flat mostly devoid of personal belongings as they are over at Baker Street already. During packing, he found his emergency stash of cocaine hidden under a loose floorboard. He hasn’t touched that drug (nor any other) ever since the Culverton Smith case. His current body has been clean for five years and is only addicted to nicotine. Sherlock thinks about giving the cocaine to Billy Wiggins or someone else from his homeless network but decides against it and empties the white powder into the toilet. If this reset is indeed a second chance, he has to stay clean for good. No relapses. In case of a danger night, he must seek quick and efficient help, even if this means a temporary return to rehab.
Tempted to launch an attack of his own, John knows that it’s too early yet. He needs to wait for the first climb. It’s short and not very steep, the elevation averaging at under four percent. But the chance of pace and rhythm cycling uphill will mean another reshuffle in the peloton. Years of experience have taught John how to utilise chances like these. And so he does. At the foot of Côte de Châteauneuf-Val-Saint-Donat, a category four climb, Søren ‘God of Thunder’ Fantoft of Team Arla attacks. Being a sprinter and not entirely useless in the climbing department despite his powerful physique, he manages to get away from the peloton quickly until his lead has almost reached two minutes. But by that time, a large, ten-riders-strong group of
The corners of Sherlock’s mouth twitch in a smile. “Perhaps. I don’t think there’s a label for what I am, and I don’t feel I require one.”
During one of their rides along the lower Thames, Sherlock received a text from Lestrade that a second body had been found probably linked to the art theft case. Because time was an issue, he and John turned round and instead of passing by Baker Street for a quick shower and a change of clothes and vehicle, they arrived at the crime scene in Shadwell by bicycle. Their appearance caused the Detective Inspector to almost choke on his coffee, Constable Wilkinson to stare for a full minute at John’s arse which earned her a death glare and a scathing comment from Sherlock, and Sergeant Donovan to inconspicuously sidle closer to where they had deposited their bikes to check them out appreciatively.
“Yes, that’s the title of the first one,” nods Vanessa. “By now, there are four or five. The last one was published last year, shortly after the author died. Tiffany wanted it for her birthday. Also, she was very upset when she learned that the author had passed. Apparently he had some early form of Alzheimer’s.”
Sherlock sniffs. “That would have required willing partners who I also felt some kind of ... connection to. Until you came along, this combination had not materialised. Not that I had been looking for it, precisely. The one other time I deemed myself ... infatuated with somebody, this turned out to be a major mistake. I have steered clear of similar romantic entanglements ever since.”
Sherlock disappears after breakfast. John suspects that he wants to meet with Molly again to double- or triple-check his bike for today’s stage, and probably the rest of the team’s, too. On the coach during their transfer to Semur-en-Auxois, the start town of the stage, Sherlock sits by himself with his head against the headrest, headphones in his ears, his eyes closed. John watches his profile for as long as he dares. It’s strange to see Sherlock in the black, red and white team colours. John has become accustomed to seeing him in warm yellow. Sherlock doesn’t look stressed or unhappy about his change of outfit, though.
Sherlock sighs. “Yes, doctor. And you’ll resist drowning yourself or engage in silly heroics that endanger your life.”
Some of Sherlock's cycling gear lay strewn about the bed and floor. The man himself emerged from the bathroom, still in his shorts and jersey, balancing the laptop in front of him, his eyes nailed to the screen. He didn't acknowledge John or the fact the room was in less danger of being deluged now that the windows were closed and sat down on the bed.
Sherlock swallows and nods. The intimacy of the situation is not lost on him, despite his inexperience. There is nothing to be nervous about. John has seen him in his underwear before, and it’s not as if they’re about to engage in any amorous activity. Nevertheless, the moment John’s fingers begin to undo his tie, the knuckles brushing over the tender skin on Sherlock’s neck, he feels his heartbeat pick up and his breathing become shallower. He swallows and has to look away from John’s intense, concentrated expression, particularly after noticing his dilated pupils and how the pulse beats visibly in the doctor’s throat.
John sucks in a surprised breath. “My daughter? But ... I don’t have kids – at least none I know of. And in the dream, she’s at least two or three. How can this ...
A fear he has only felt once before, back in Dewer’s Hollow when he thought he was seeing a demon hound, takes hold of Sherlock. He has been terrified in other ways before, enough to make his blood run cold like ice through his veins: standing on the roof of Barts about to jump, or next to John at his wedding and having to watch, fearing that he might betray his true emotions every second now as he heart broke at the exchange of vows. Their farewell on the tarmac scared the shit out of him, too. But the fear that overcame him in Dewer’s Hollow was different still. True, it was drug-induced. He wasn’t thinking clearly then, his senses ensnared, his mind compromised. But he is completely sober now, and nevertheless he feels paralysed by a primal dread he can’t explain or rationalise away.
There is another awkward silence, until John asks “Have you considered what a potential motive for abducting her could be? Do you suspect anybody? Often, these crimes are committed by relatives, friends of the family, the like. People the children know and trust.”
“Here.” The mattress dips as he slides into bed again. Sherlock drinks, carefully at first, then more deeply. The cool water is a balm for his sore throat, and moreover, feeling it run into his stomach, his sense of reality becomes stronger, the dream fading more and more. His stomach gives a rumble, for a moment Sherlock feels queasy as if he’s about to be sick. The sensation fades when he closes his eyes and breathes deeply a few times.
“Yes, sorry for having kept you waiting. Phone-call from London. Apparently we’ll be getting an important visitor in less than a week’s time. Thanks for looking after him, Dr. Stamford.” He shakes Mike’s hand.
Gazing at Sherlock steadily, he said, “No, Sherlock, I’m not worried. I’m touched and excited. In fact, I’m even more turned on than I was before, as I’m sure you can read in my body’s reactions to both your proximity and the implications of your offer. Fact is, though, that I’m fucking nervous, too. Bit scared, even.”
“I’m just saying that perhaps I should do a check-up if you’re feeling unwell. Perhaps you’ve caught a bug, or the take-away we found in the freezer had gone off. It tasted a bit funny, after all. Maybe it didn’t agree with you, hence your frequent visits to the bathroom at night.”
“Precisely. There is only the faintest indication that her native accent is not the one she employs now. Could be hints of American, but I’m not sure. She is rather fit for someone with a mostly sedentary job, too.”
Sherlock gives him a brief account of Mrs. Flint and those servants they spoke with. “Moran doesn’t seem to have been very popular here. Most of the staff seemed happiest when he was away at his Buckingham Estate and this house here was solely occupied by his mother, whom they hold in high regard. Dr. Watson took notes of their statements.”
John bit his lip. “I’ll piss off again if you want me to,” he offered, placing the garments over the back of a chair.
John draws in a deep breath, whistling softly through his teeth. “She believed you were a German spy, in league with Moran. She had evidence on him, and thought she had evidence on you, too. She tried to get rid of some – the films. But the knowledge bothered her, because unfortunately for her, she had fallen in love with you, and thus her allegiance was compromised. Keep quiet and aid the enemy, commit treason, even. Speak up, reveal what she had found, and lose you. The poor girl. It must have been an impossible choice. No wonder she seemed so stressed and tired to everybody who knew her in the weeks before she died. Eventually, she confronted you about it, didn’t she? In the car?”
“We just want to talk,” continues Sherlock. “Or ... communicate, somehow. With you. If you can. Can you give us a sign that you can hear me? Bang against something, perhaps? One for yes, two for no.”
Denniston sighs, looking weary and twenty years older of a sudden. He pinches the bridge of his nose. “Am I?” He turns to gaze out of the window at the hustle and bustle outside the mansion. “As I said, attend to your duties and decrypt these dratted Enigma messages, Mr. Holmes. Do it speedily and do it well. People are dying out there in the North Atlantic.”
Sherlock casts down his eyes. “We do not know if that was the reason for her suicide. Did you talk about anything else than Moran and your relationship? You mentioned her work. Did you ever talk about that?”
– shaped by the elements so that it almost looks like slate, adorned with lichens and here and there with sheep droppings and short turf.
Each reset is very brief, a few minutes or even seconds only – enough for him to remedy what caused the most damage, but not enough to change the overall chain of events. The occurrences do give him enough information to form some theories about his condition, and to determine which combination of events has the potential of bringing about a reset and which doesn’t.
“All done now, Johnny. You know, you’ve been a lot braver than many men whose joints I’ve had to set over the years. And a lot of them were soldiers or sailors. And they cried like babies, some of them, so there you go.”
The two women exchanged a glance at that. With a sigh, John rose from his chair, stretched carefully, and shuffled over to Sherlock, peering over his shoulder. On the screen, he saw several pictures of an middle-aged man with light-brown hair mostly covered by a beanie knit of dark wool, and a thin, freckled face. He was wearing jeans and a thick woollen jumper under a green apron, and thick-soled shoes. In a wider shot, one could see the position he apparently had been found in: sitting behind a stack of cardboard boxes containing cut flowers, leaning against a wooden crate. John recognised gerbera and anthuriums printed on the boxes.
Silence reigns immediately after this speech, before slowly, one after another, people begin to clap, until roaring applause rings amid the huts and trees and across the lake. Sherlock has been stopped from rolling his eyes by John standing to attention next to him, and raising his hand in a salute. He looks visibly moved by the speech. Sherlock has to admit that he, too, is somewhat touched, but rather by the acknowledgement of Jenny’s deed than any allusions to patriotism. Churchill knows how to work the crowds, how to rouse people and to instil a sense of national pride while at the same time fostering feelings of duty and community. Silently, Sherlock scoffs at himself. He thought he’d be more immune to the Prime Minister’s words and the obvious propaganda behind them. But perhaps it’s all John’s fault again. Sherlock may be able to shrug off notions of patriotism. However, he’s certainly not immune to John Watson attired in dark blue and gold, standing proud and tall with his fingers touching his cap.
“Anyway, they took me with them. For days we travelled, at least that’s how it seemed to me. Mostly by night, with me on horse carts or in the back of an old car. I was barely lucid. The drugs wore off soon, and I was in horrible pain. I still thought I was going to lose my eye, and my leg, and probably my life. I finally regained consciousness in what looked like an old castle, or fortified manor house, rather, with a moat and wooden beams everything. That’s where they nursed me back to health, with somewhat rudimentary measures. Turned out they were in urgent need of a doctor. As soon as I was lucid again and able to think straight, I advised them as best I could. They were saboteurs, mostly, working closely with British intelligence. That’s why I couldn’t send word. I couldn’t compromise them. They were men and women, mostly local, and they’d already lost a great number of their group. Most endangered were the radio operators because those were the first to be tracked down and taken out by the Germans.”
“There was enough moonlight last night for her to see major obstacles, and she was likely familiar with the track. Molly mentioned they habitually used it as a shortcut.”
Lestrade clearing his throat pulls him out of his musings. “It ... ah ... it’s not my place to pry – come to think of it, actually it is, as your team manager and chief coach, you know what I mean – but did anything happen between Sherlock and you yesterday?”
“With some breeds, yes, but the Punches are a very hardy one. They don’t get sick easily, and can cope with most kinds of fodder.”
Sherlock swallows. This is almost more frightening than the potential ghost doing supernatural things in their kitchen right now. “Okay,” he whispers.
hot topic of the evening. And here he sits, in his rather ratty t-shirt and boxers, trying to look unaffected and aloof and not quite managing to convince John that he really doesn’t care what others talk behind his back. “Is it true you were disqualified from the 2008 Tour and subsequent ones because of doping?” John asks at length.
“Later.” Sherlock scooted up on the bales until his feet were dangling freely. To John’s astonishment he lay back on his coat, one arm behind his head, staring up at the grubby concrete ceiling, his eyes tracing the odd patterns water-stains and algae had created on it.
“Could perhaps someone have driven there?” suggests Sherlock. “The ground is very wet. Even a light vehicle would leave deep tracks.”
“She has, and toxic agents were found. But there haven’t been any outright threats, have there? Against the Millers, I mean?”
“It can be,” agrees Sherlock. “Make sure to get more than one opinion. But don’t drag your daughter from one psychologist to the next just to get a diagnosis, look into how to support her to make sure she’s happy.”
It turned out they didn’t have to wait that long. After two more kilometres, they reached Plan Lachat. Here, after an almost flat stretch the road crossed the Valloirette by a stone bridge, took a 180 degree turn and began to mount a steep wall of rock with a gradient of ten percent and more in a sequence of daring hairpin bends. For many cyclists, this, together with the last kilometre before the pass proper, was the most feared bit of the entire climb. Even the caravans and more heavily laden cars had trouble struggling up the slope, and down, too, since the road was narrow and again sported no railing whatsoever. Moreover they had to account for the many cyclists attempting the climb.
Feeling John tense slightly at this announcement, Sherlock wonders whether he went to far. Almost immediately, however, John relaxes again, and begins to laugh softly. “You’re incredible, you know that? Right again. Her name was Yvette. She wasn’t a prostitute, though. She didn’t take money for it, even though she had relations with a couple of men. I think she just enjoyed their company, and the sex. Older than me by a few years, and very good at what she was doing – not just in bed. I met her during a brief spell of leave, after the first two or so months in the trenches. Some of my mates played Cupid when we stayed in the village. I wasn’t really interested in anything. I missed Mary, but felt guilty about the thing with James. I was conflicted all right. So yeah, perhaps I wanted to prove to myself that I wasn’t a homosexual, and perhaps some of my friends’ barbs about potentially dying a virgin hit, too. Perhaps I was just lonely. I don’t know. I was lucky with Yvette, though. She worked at the inn where we liked to eat – a welcome change from the miserable grub you got at the front. Actually, she basically ran the thing. Her father had suffered a stroke so he wasn’t much of a help. I remember him sitting outside in the sun watching the passers by, with an old dog keeping him company. Her mother looked after their livestock, and her brothers were at the front. And she was nice, and spoke passable English unlike most, and ... well, one thing led to another, and we spend some nights together. The first time was ... let me just assure you that if you feel embarrassed about ours, it was nothing compared to how I fared with her. I made a complete fool of myself, I’m sure. But she must have really liked me, or else she took pity on that giddy English boy and during the following nights, she took it upon herself to ... er ... educate me.”
John turns fully to the duo and stands tall, his chin raised in challenge. It irks him that Moran is so much taller than he, but Moriarty is only a little above his own height and even slimmer in build – a true mountain goat. “Well, I’d say Wilkes and his team know what they’re doing. After all, he has won the Tour before, unlike other people I could name.” He gives Moriarty a pointed glare.
Sherlock is convinced that he, too, knows things about John Watson that nobody else does. John trusts him despite trusting few others – hell, he even defied Mycroft Holmes – and he doesn’t mind letting Sherlock witness what could easily be perceived as weakness or a flaw of character. Neither of them are perfect, both are outsiders in their own way. And thus, Sherlock feels, desperately hoping that it’s not just his wishful thinking, they are perfectly suited for each other.
“No,” says Sherlock. “Just the headache. I’ll manage, John. As long as we don’t have to walk all the way to Kent.”
Slowly, Sherlock nodded. “It seems too much of a coincidence, and it doesn’t explain all the facts we’ve encountered so far. I told Molly to check for traces of antihistamines in the blood. The swollen trachea may still have been an allergic reaction due to other stimulants. Maybe she was allergic to pollen. There is a grove of birches in front of Tate Modern, although July is almost too late for birch pollen. Hopefully Lestrade will get hold of the friend she lived with and she can give us some clues. Also, I need to search their flat. What bothers me above all is the missing bag. Why would anybody take it if this wasn’t murder? Apart from a purse and perhaps a mobile phone or camera there wouldn’t have been anything valuable in there.”
Sherlock bit his lip. “You’d left the jumper in your wardrobe upstairs when you moved out. I found it after my return. Back then things were still unsettled between us. I wasn’t sure you’d move back in. I wasn’t even sure if you’d forgive me and we’d manage to salvage what was left of our friendship. I didn’t dare to hope for more at this point.”
John thinks Kit does look a little pale under his strong tan when he’s up on the starting block, waiting for the seconds to be counted down. Kit takes a deep breath, and then the signal sounds and time’s running for him. And he’s fast. John hopes he won’t overdo it on the first kilometres and remember to pace himself. When Kit reaches the split time point as the current race leader, a big cheer goes up from his teammates from their stationary bikes, even though he can’t hear it. The people lining the track are as enthusiastic, though. John knows how much their support can help a rider, spur him on to give his absolute best. Kit certainly seems to fly along the track.
John hunkered down next to him. There wasn’t a lot of space, but with some slight jostling he managed. Sherlock began to tap several of the bricks with his magnifier. The John’s ears they all sounded alike, but apparently Sherlock heard something because he withdrew his pocket knife and began to remove one of the bricks in the side wall of the fireplace.
ahead, meaning the cars will have to stay way behind the peloton. But if you prefer me not to help out with
“Yes, sometimes. And he’s bloody good at it. Listen, Sherlock may be a bit odd and not the most sociable of people, but I like him.”
Having reached the sliding doors, he peers through a gap between the two panels. The orange light flooding the living room comes from the reawakened fire in the fireplace and from the streetlamps outside. Someone has drawn aside the heavy curtains and even opened the windows. Papers from the desk are strewn over the floor and fluttering in the breeze. More strings are moving now, swinging in the wind, the spoons and forks clattering and clanging against each other. And yet, Sherlock can’t see anybody in the room.
As expected, the landscape is boring: flat with barely anything to catch the eye, nothing but fields parched by the extraordinarily dry summer, industrial compounds, farms, meadows with cattle, the occasional small town or village. These, at least, provide some distraction, or even entertainment. The Tour is big in France and Belgium, meaning that as in the UK, people line the roads to watch and cheer the riders on. In some settlements, the inhabitants have created special displays to greet the Tour, some of which can only be seen properly from the air, and will be filmed by the helicopter crews that accompany the riders, to be broadcast all over the world. But often, the roads themselves have been decorated with the names of famous or particularly beloved teams or riders. Flags and bunting have been put up as well. Many people are have put tables and chairs outside and are picnicking along the route. In one town, the peloton is greeted by several large figures made from straw bales, dressed in yellow, green and polka-dot jerseys.
“I wouldn’t take those from London Bridge, though,” she advises him. “They’ve taken quite a hit during the Blitz and most of the station is either destroyed or patched up in a rather unsafe way. I’d try Waterloo for Kent, if I were you. The connection will take longer, but at least you won’t run the danger of bits of roof falling onto your heads while you’re waiting for your train.”
“I am fully aware that the situation was all but ideal and should have been prevented, John,” he forestalled John’s angry tirade, “but unfortunately I’m out of the country at the moment, and only learned of our father’s visit to Baker Street a short while ago – due to Sherlock’s insistence, I should add, that your home must not be surveilled as closely as I would have preferred. Be that as it may, I take it things did not go well, otherwise you wouldn’t be calling.”
He breaks the binders tying his legs. Then, to give himself time for the throbbing in his head to subside, his thoughts to settle and his memories to return, he begins to feel around the floor to get a sense of his surroundings. Once more, he concentrates on what he can touch, smell and hear, his senses sharpened by the absence of sight.
They reach the narrow side door just as it falls closed again. John wrenches it open. Irene Adler is ahead, looking over her shoulder as she heads down a narrow alley between tall walls. Sherlock thinks he can catch a glimpse of the Covent Garden Market Hall not far away, providing him with a landmark to orient himself. The alley should open into Floral Street, a leftover from the many consecutive rebuilds and renovations of the Opera House. Now it is lined with wooden crates and lines of spare sandbags, obviously stored here after the brunt of the Blitz had passed. The cobble-stones are littered with bits of paper and cigarette butts, the alley being a favourite location of the waiting staff to spend their breaks.
John found the man himself in the living room, lounging on the sofa with the woollen blanket from John’s armchair spread over his legs and a pile of pillows in his back, propping him up into a sitting position. Newspapers were scattered on the floor next to him. Several lay in various states of perusal on the coffee table. Right on top John could see one of the crossword pages adorned with Sherlock’s spidery handwriting. And of course he hadn’t just filled in the required terms but added annotations – corrections – to almost all of the questions. John wondered if he were to present his flatmate with an encyclopaedia whether this would suffer the same fate as the crosswords.
On the other hand, he is curious about the case. He doesn’t believe the child to be in true danger. The note from the kidnapper is fascinating, but there is something ... unprofessional and decidedly not scary about it. Doubtless, studying the original will reveal even more. Too early to theorise, though. He needs more facts, more data. Still, there are several routes this case could go down, and one is suggested rather strongly. Something else at work here other than a crime – unless, and one can never rule that out, Moriarty’s organisation is behind it, striking at the remote margins of Sherlock’s family now in order to fulfil Jim’s original promise to burn the heart out of him. As if they haven’t quite managed that already. Surely, even by their crooked standards, he has suffered enough by now because of what they have done to John, and caused Sherlock to do to protect him.
He tried to keep his face straight but didn’t quite succeed when a warm smile began to spread. In recent months John had experienced a Sherlock that could be heartbreakingly insecure and shy, funny and silly, emotional and passionate, selfless and considerate. A Sherlock who’d get excited about finding an alpine salamander in the mountains and who’d cuddle up to John on the sofa. Who’d unleash hell at an A&E because John had been injured (no more than a scratch) to get him treated immediately. Who’d quietly beam to himself when a few days after delivering his load of lost kittens to two distraught children he received an email with their thanks and some wriggly drawings of John and himself which he printed out and fixed to the fridge. Who’d surprised John with dinner when the latter returned from a particularly hard day at the surgery (“What’s so difficult about it? It’s only applied chemistry, after all.” “What about the shopping?” “Oh, didn’t you know Tesco delivers?” “And the state of the kitchen?” “I cleaned it. Well, those appliances I needed, obviously. Didn’t want to overdo it. Still, you don’t have to fear you’ll be poisoned. Sit down or it’ll get cold.” “Are you going to join me, then?” “Oh John, as always you don’t observe. The table is set for two, isn’t it?” “The table looks like something exploded on it.” “Living room table.” “Oh.”) Who’d shyly ask John whether his kissing technique had improved yet again.
Sherlock absorbs this new information. There are so many things that despite years of astute observation and meticulous profiling in his mind palace, he simply doesn’t know about John. He’s never really seen his bullet scar, for example, nor of course has he been allowed to touch it. He didn’t know about the ticklishness. In fact, a long list of intimate details are still blank spaces in his mental construct of John. And it seems that now, finally, he is allowed to investigate, might even be welcome to. Suddenly, the idea of physical intimacy, even sex, takes on an entire new dimension. It’s no longer as scary and off-putting as it used to be. Now, his fear and reluctance are getting entrenched from all sides by forceful, overwhelming curiosity, emboldened by the wish to learn all there is to learn about John. Also, he no longer minds revealing pieces of himself in the process. Sherlock sighs happily and rubs his face against John’s chest.
He stops short and rounds on John, towering over him as he pins him with a keen, unforgiving look. Surprised, John halts, too, gazing up at him with a questioning, almost worried expression. “Sherlock, what—?”
“I think she suspected me of being a spy. No, strike that. The way you explained it just now, Mr. Holmes, I think she was set, not on Moran, but on me – by somebody who knows of my ... preferences, and who had begun to question my allegiance. Unfortunately, their suspicions pointed in the wrong direction, and Jenny’s investigations led her to the wrong conclusions.”
“I was going downhill carefully, even told Sally and the others to go ahead and not wait for me, that I’d catch up with them on the dip before Haut-Folin. But then I hit a bump, shortly after summiting the Calvary above Château-Chinon, and couldn’t shift gear properly anymore because the chain jumped off. I decided to just let roll and see to it once I’d made it downhill, but something was wrong with my brakes, too. They didn’t pull correctly, and made quite horrible noises, as if one had sprung out of alignment. I tried to slow down more by skirting the bank, but it was difficult. This bend was so narrow that I careened too close to the downhill side and slid on the gravel. I think the cable of the rear brake snapped. Keep the bike, don’t do anything to it. I need to check it later.”
. His brother’s words ring in Sherlock’s ears as he slows his bike to study the surface of the road in the hope of spotting some imprint of the sports car’s tyres. But the dusty gravel does not give away much in terms of tracks. There are some traces of bicycles, likely from this morning’s rush of cyclists on their was to Bletchley Park. One distinct mark of a vehicle can be seen in a half-dried puddle, but it’s broad and deep, the profile worn. A lorry. Probably the milk-man, or indeed the waggon from the local dairy on its way to fetch the farmers’ milk.
His shoulder twinges as if in memory of his crash as they enter the forest now and his bike begins to shake and jostle over the stones. Like most other riders, he chose a special bike with a heavier, tougher frame for this stage, and tyres with deeper profile and less air pressure for better grip, nevertheless he wishes for the suspension of a mountain-bike. The cobbles seem to rattle his very bones. The road is straight as a ruler, descending very slightly, with trees rising cathedral-like on either side. Unlike in the spring, their canopy is dense and green now, offering welcome shade after hours of riding under the burning sun. Both sides of the narrow track are thick with onlookers cheering the riders on. It almost feels like a mountain stage, where cyclists are beset by spectators on both sides so that sometimes, one fears colliding with them. Colourful flags are waving into the riders’ faces, people are screaming in many languages. Someone empties a bottle of cool water over John’s head and back. It’s a teenager in a bright orange jersey who runs alongside John for a bit. John give him a quick, thankful smile.
“Thanks. Well, let’s hear it, then, genius.” Gazing in the direction Molly had left, he asked, “What’s going to happen with all the flowers you had brought here? Are they evidence?
“I am stating facts without sugar-coating them,” confirms Sherlock. Cocking an eyebrow, he challenges, “Problem?”
“Oh yes. Blood doping, as we suspected all along. They’re probably opening the B-sample as we speak. He thought he was clever in hiding his traces, but someone was even more so.”
Pleased by Molly considering him a more authoritative person to address in the case of a dead body than the police, Sherlock almost bounces with excitement. Miss Hooper certainly is no idiot. She could get to the point a bit more quickly, though.
John stirs, surprising Sherlock who thought he had fallen asleep. “Do you think they’re still going to happen?”
He smiles wryly when he spots a group of people holding up banners and posters protesting against the bull fights that are still being held in the old arena. According to his knowledge, the fights as they are being conducted in the South of France with the famous black bulls of Camargue don’t result in killing the animals, being more dangerous for the people trying to pluck a ribbon from between the bulls’ horns. Nevertheless he sympathises with those opposing bull fights in general, particularly in Spain where the bloody version is still being held – to great criticism and enduring popularity both.
Nevertheless, after they’ve left the outskirts of the village behind and are rattling along the winding country road, and after reassuring himself that they are alone on the road and neither Mr. Cook nor the vicar can see them in the rear mirror (the apple sacks be praised), John shifts closer and draws Sherlock to him, lifting his hat to press a quick, chaste kiss to his temple. Sherlock allows himself to briefly lean into the embrace. He wonders if this is how things are going to be between them now: furtive glances and stolen moments, always avoiding being seen by unfriendly eyes. Very likely yes, he knows. He sighs. John strokes back his curls and places his hat back on them. For the rest of the journey, they sit with their shoulders and legs touching whenever a dip or bump in the road jostles them together, each lost in thought.
Sherlock hasn’t told anybody where he really spent those two weeks, and doesn’t intend to. “It turned out to be all right,” he mutters.
“Moriarty is an arsehole and probably doped up to the gills to maintain a performance as good as he’s shown so far, but he’s no criminal,” says Victor with conviction. “Magnussen Sr. has had it in for our sponsor and our team for years, ever since Emilio beat his son at both the Giro and the Vuelta in the same year. And Magnussen Jr. was the one who profited most from what happened yesterday, taking yellow from me.”
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “You’ve been pointedly not saying what doubtlessly you are itching to voice ever since yesterday morning. So, out with it. End your own misery.”
“Irene, I think,” says Mike, not looking upset he lost his money. “I bet on the day before yesterday. Couldn’t you have sorted your thing out a little earlier?” He winks.
Sherlock fights down his worries and continues. When the path levels slightly near the cross-roads, the wind picks up. Sherlock puts on his coat again, shivering slightly in his damp jumper. He should reach the gate and fence and the dew pond soon. They must be close, he estimates. Only he can’t see them because of the fog.
They are walking down Ivy Lane, and John’s words have just pulled Sherlock out of thoughts coursing round the two nearly identical messages. He is highly tempted to pull out their transcripts for a closer look.
They stand in silence for a moment, sipping their drinks and surveying their surroundings. “Do you believe he’s involved in any conspiracy, then?” asks Lestrade eventually.
Carefully, he set down his instrument on the floor under the window and went to pick up the books he had brought. He nodded to Sherlock to scoot over. Sherlock cleared away the papers and placed his violin on the chest of drawers next to the bed, rather precariously setting it on top of two stacks of books and a glass beaker containing some dark liquid. John gave the arrangement a concerned glance, but since Sherlock seemed convinced of his beloved Strad’s safe resting place, he decided not to worry. He slid under the covers and held up the books for Sherlock to peruse the covers. “
cobblestone passages which are the horror of the annual Spring Classics set in Flanders and Northern France.
John nods thoughtfully. Sherlock watches him. He thinks he knows what’s going through John’s mind. It’s been on his, too, ever since he started actively remembering the encounter.
In the knowledge of the more difficult leg of their journey still ahead, they decided not to tarry at the pass. John had almost emptied one of his bottles and Sherlock was on his second, much to John’s relief since usually the consulting detective neglected to drink regularly, even during cycling. They were going to have to replenish their water supply at Valloire anyway, and also eat, as John reminded his friend.
John laughs happily, his eye shining, the skin crinkling around it in a myriad of small lines. “Your mother’s nighty, probably.”
Sherlock vanishing without a word doesn’t help, though. It feels like stepping backwards, chipping at the trust between them that has rebuilt slowly in recent months. John knows he’s being petty and unfair, but Sherlock’s silence feels like a betrayal. John has barely slept, despite temperatures being comfortable again after yesterday’s thunderstorm that finally broke a nasty spell of muggy heat. Now, John is lying in Sherlock’s bed staring at the still somewhat unfamiliar ceiling in the growing light. It’s after five, and still no word from the twat. The last message John received was during the early afternoon while he was still at work. Sherlock informed him he was off to the London Transport Museum to talk to people concerning the disappearance of one of their guides, a case they had been working on for the past forty hours.
, per se. But okay. Acceptable. I’ll manage. As I said, nothing has to change. You can delete what I said, if you want. If it bothers you.” He laughs nervously. “I’m babbling, aren’t I? I’ll shut up now.”
She laughs brightly. “Just pull your head out of arse, John, and admit to yourself that you might not exclusively be a ladies’ man. I bet things will get a lot easier afterwards.”
John flushes rather adorably (and when has Sherlock started to bestow adjectives like ‘adorable’ on John?).
“Wow, the bastard’s really riding in a category of his own today,” comments Greg. “Wiggins broke away from the escapees. He’s going to be first at the pass. Not sure whether that’s in accordance with his team’s strategy, although the extra money will be welcome, I guess. Thought they’d be keeping him on a shorter lead today and make him work for Moriarty on the final descent.”
John leans in closer and runs a finger over a moisture-covered leaf. “I wouldn’t have though of that.”
Sherlock reaches for the telegram first. His eyebrows rise up. “It’s from Molly, sent yesterday evening from the post office at Bletchley Park to my hands at Scotland Yard Police Station, whence it was forwarded this morning. It says:
He feigns ignorance, in the certainty that she’d be able to see through his act. “Do enlighten me, Miss Adler. What do you believe I desperately want to ask?”
John’s expression darkens at the reminder. “You didn’t snore afterwards, either,” he says stubbornly. “But if you’d like a bed of your own …”
“Cheers. I’ll keep you informed if I find anything. Do we know who exactly he met with before he went to Knightsbridge?”
Sherlock sniffs, jerks up his chin, but before he can shoot her down with a cutting remark, John steps closer to Sherlock and says calmly, “Yes, he is.”
John scurries out of bed and stretches, his arms over his head. Almost immediately, Sherlock’s eyes snatch to his own reflection. The faintest of blushes adorns his smoothly shaven cheeks. John can’t help a lopsided grin. Stretching lifted his t-shirt, leaving his naked belly on full display. “Do I need to wear a tuxedo or will normal attire do?”
John takes a deep breath, fiddles with his serviette, before raising his eyes to Sherlock’s. “Are you in love with me, Sherlock?”
A murmur of agreement. Jim smiles broadly. “Thought so. Here, let me introduce my boys.” He goes on to name the individual musicians, several of whom seem to hail from America, among them four black players who appear to be rather famous judging by the enthusiastic reception they’re receiving upon their introductions. Jim raises his hands to calm down the applause again. “Tonight, we’ll be playing a number of all-time favourites to get you nice and hot while you polish the dance floor. Some of good old Benny’s famous pieces, and some of our own.”
“Is this why you arranged this trip?” John inquired. “To try and … don’t know … cause things to happen. A reaction, so to speak? Put two components together and see whether they explode? Get us out of London and have us share a room and see if the sparks fly? Because if so, then it looks like your experiment’s pretty fucked up at the moment.”
“Never fear, Stuart,” returns Sherlock. “I’ll be back on Monday. Officially, I’m on sick leave until then.” He nods towards his leg, propped up on an empty chair.
He gazes at John, who nods. “Yes, I’d prefer that, too. I don’t mind if the team knows. Most of them seem to have rooted for us, anyway. But I’d like to keep it out of the press and off the internet, too.” As he talks, he realises that he really doesn’t mind. What’s more, he actually looks forward to the rest of the team knowing.
Hofmann doesn’t seem too fazed about his team’s somewhat disappointing performance so far. “We’ve had some health scares shortly before the Tour,” he tells John, his English heavily accented by his native German dialect – John remembers he’s from Bavaria. “And some of our team got offered contracts elsewhere and left. That’s why I’m here. I was actually training for the Deutschlandtour. Didn’t think they’d invite me for the big one still.”
John nods. Once more, Sherlock flashes him a quick, strangely intense glance John finds impossible to read, before he lets himself being lowered to the kerb. John sits down next to him. Sherlock’s legs haven’t stopped trembling, but his breathing is calmer now. He is still sweating profusely, but rather from exertion, not the shock that seemed to have threatened before he received the sugar boost. He is sipping from his water bottle, his head bowed, sweat dripping from his curls, some of which have fallen over his forehead. Sherlock doesn’t move to brush them away. Slowly, his position shifts until John can feel his shoulder touch his own. Sherlock sags some more, until he is partially leaning on John. With a shaking hand, he slowly reaches up to his throat to fumble for the zip of his jersey, but doesn’t seem to manage to pull it down. Without thinking, John does it, opening the jersey almost down to Sherlock’s navel, revealing a skinny chest where the monitor for measuring his heartbeat is missing. Sherlock must have taken it off before the race. Sherlock tenses briefly at John’s interference, but doesn’t protest, but remains slumped against his teammate.
John’s worry that someone might have stolen their bicycles proved unfounded. They still stood where they had been deposited against the bank. John noted that Sherlock was walking somewhat stiffly and plucking at his shorts. Apparently they were more thoroughly soaked than had seemed at a glance. He was also aware that to a casual observer, the fact that the two of them were returning from a sheltered spot with one still rearranging his clothing might induce certain ideas, and indeed they received a grin and two raised eyebrows from a couple of cyclists moving past, but he decided he didn’t care. If anything, their ideas of what they might have been up to were rather flattering.
Mycroft’s reply doesn’t arrive instantly. Sherlock stares at his phone, his heart beating hard and fast, his mouth dry. He actually jerks when his phone vibrates with the next text message.
Barbara licks her lips, drinks from her water. “Your partner here can probably make more of the traces I photographed than I can, but ... well ... some of them look like hoof- and paw-prints again. Of unshod horses.”
Sherlock shook his head, stuffing his hands into the pockets of his coat. “I’m fine. I haven’t finished my account of the case. Can you guess how the drugs were smuggled?”
Sherlock sighs. “Quit being so difficult. See it as a gift. Also, I’ll make sure to get reimbursement from my brother. Since I am conducting this investigation in a semi-official capacity, certain expenses will be covered. Happy?”
“I don’t. Not really. I know some basics, but not enough maintain a conversation. But I understand it well enough when I listen to it, and even more so when I read a text. All thanks to several years of Latin at school and my knowledge of some other Romance languages.”
John watched him. “So, no dinner for you, then? At least take a shower at some point, yeah, and spread out your clothes so they can dry. I’m off to have one now.”
Covent Garden is just a short ride from The Windmill. Lestrade is right. The opera house turned Mecca Dance Hall is busy. Sherlock has been to the building before to attend classical concerts and even the odd ballet production, but not for some time. He can’t recall having ever seen the building this full of people, not even during sell-out concerts.
Together, they master the descent without further incident. When the road finally levels out next to the shores of a small lake, CS Media’s team car catches up with them. Riding behind it with just enough distance to not be penalised for drafting, John overhears snatches of Victor’s conversation with one of his coaches and their team’s doctor. Apparently, they are discussing whether it’d be wise for him to give up, which Victor refuses adamantly. John sees how he is given an injection – probably a painkiller. Once he has been treated, Victor lets go of the car, cycling on with a rounder cadence. John moves up to him.
John chuckles at the almost indecent groan. Sherlock has closed his eyes. His wild curls are dangling into his face. John feels some of the tense knots loosen under his fingers and smiles to himself. Leaning closer, he purrs into Sherlock’s ear, “Do other parts of you require a massage as well?”
Tiffany gazes at him, her head cocked thoughtfully. “You are a bit strange, aren’t you? You even look strange, with your eyes and the odd shape of your face. And you can do all those deductions, because you’re really smart.” Her eyes light up and she nods to herself as if she has just had a major revelation. “You know, I think you are a witch.”
“Well, whatever he’d imbibed, it seemed to have worked,” he took up his account. “He was cheerful once more, even giggly, but sobered up a little as he flopped down next to me.”
Sherlock growls softly, impatient to leave before they are spotted and intercepted by Vanessa again who has just switched on the light in the living room and standing silhouetted against the window. “We can phone them when we have found the girl. If it seems appropriate to inform them, that is. But we must leave now.”
“I can tell you that not eating enough slows them down, at least in certain respects,” says Jeannine, causing Molly to blush as she arrives with her tray. “What is your medical opinion, Dr. Watson?”
John’s hand wanders up to his neck to cup his cheek, hesitantly as if he isn’t quite sure he is allowed to touch. The hand stays when Sherlock unconsciously leans into it, relishing the contact. John is here. He is real. He hasn’t left. He won’t leave. He promised.
“Well, he knows you’re the best,” said John, causing her to blush and make a gesture to brush off the compliment.
Sherlock wishes he could do something, anything, to wipe this vacant and yet so pained expression off John’s face. This can’t continue indefinitely. There must be a way for John to be reunited with his child should he so wish. Mycroft must know where she is. After all, he helped arrange her disappearance. Swallowing slightly because he knows that the price is potentially going to be high, Sherlock vows to contact him once they’ve solved this case. He’ll do it for John, as he does almost everything, whatever the cost to himself.
Sherlock thinks for a moment. It’s been a while since he last read a book simply for the sake of it, as a distraction. The last one was when he was forced into prolonged bedrest by his illness. He doesn’t recall what exactly he read there, however. Could have been that book with the dwarves and the dragon, the one with the elaborate maps Sherlock enjoyed poring over, trying to imagine what lay outside their borders.
Sherlock stares at him. Marriage has always been a remote concept to him, something that happens to other people. Until a few days ago, he never imagined himself being actively involved in a relationship. And now here he is with the man who means everything to him, who ... has just proposed? Has he? Was that what John’s words imply. There are of course no legal grounds for actually tying the knot, but the intention is there, isn’t it? No registrar would marry them, nor any member of the Church of England. And yet John didn’t just joke around, did he? Nothing in John’s expression and demeanour indicates that his words were lightly spoken. This is ... unexpectedly touching. Something strange and warm blooms in Sherlock’s chest, like a flower the seeds of which have lain in the dark earth for many years and were thought to have perished, and which now produce a fiery shoot. He blinks several times because his eyes have begun to sting. Must have been an insect that flew into one, he tells himself.
Sherlock heaves the last two heavy suitcases out of the taxi onto the pavement in front of his new abode. The dark bricks of the Georgian house look dark and forbidding in the freezing fog of this late December afternoon. Some of the windows are shuttered. The café occupying the basement is closed for the holidays. However, Sherlock recalls that the first time he came to inspect the flat, it was busy with local customers and commuters from nearby Baker Street Station. Mrs. Hudson knows the proprietor well. She owns the house, after all.
John gazes at the box, grins, and shakes his head. “The meal was lovely. Thank you. But given that I still have to unpack ... perhaps we should head home soon.”
he muses. He who usually can’t stand other people’s company actually seems to have not only endured it, but … appreciated it? Perhaps that’s too strong a term, but Watson’s input did cause him to work more efficiently, as well as making the normally tedious task tolerable. What’s even stranger, Watson appears to have enjoyed their shared efforts as well, because he says,
It’s the Easter holidays and Sherlock’s parents have taken him and Mycroft to visit their grandparents at their house in Sussex. Sherlock loves it there. The village the cottage is situated in is close to the coast. The countryside is just the right mixture of rugged wilderness with its copses and hedgerows, pastures and marshes, gravel pits and ponds, and tamed, orderly village greens, orchards and gardens.
Marcel nods towards the person seated in the doorway. “Jacques and his friends are keeping their eyes open. I just brought him breakfast.”
John has even more questions now. He doesn’t even know where to start. “Okay ... but why at night? And why the fuck didn’t you wear any shoes? Or proper clothes? Your pyjamas, really? What was that all about? Sleep-over? Pyjama party?”
But Sherlock, too, can’t ride to this full potential. On the tricky descent from Villefranche, he slips twice on the slick road as it winds down to the river Tarn in narrow serpentines. He doesn’t crash, but still loses precious time braking and steadying himself again. At the second split time point, he is almost ten seconds behind Trevor. And despite his best efforts, he doesn’t manage to fully catch up the loss again. John’s heart bleeds as he watches him struggle up Côte de la Bauzié against a headwind much stronger than John and Trevor had faced, how Sherlock’s beautiful, elegant cadence is interrupted when he is forced to rise out of the saddle to struggle up the steeper ramps, how he tries to make himself as small and aerodynamic on the last stretch back to Albi, his sunglasses splattered with mud and his face lined with exhaustion.
