“Sherl… ock…” John said, swaying unsteadily on his feet, the dart dropping to the ground. Sherlock rushed towards him and managed to catch him before he could fall, cradling John’s head carefully in his lap. The dart was laying just a few inches away, the tip of it coated in a fine layer of John’s blood.
“I want to retire, John,” Sherlock said softly. “My knee only gets worse as days go by, and I’m finding that I’m getting a little bit too old to be running around London chasing criminals.” John found himself relating to Sherlock; his shoulder was in pain more often than not, and after every case he had a deep-set exhaustion in his bones that took days to shake off. “It’s just- I’ve been wondering if you’ll still love me, when I’m no longer adrenaline and blood pumping wildly through your veins,” Sherlock said quietly, his voice shaking around the words. John felt it like a physical punch and he gasped in a breath, causing Sherlock to flinch, his eyes watering.
Sherlock ran out of the room, managing to shut the door and lean against it as the tears started running, covering his mouth with his hand so the sobs couldn’t escape.
John turned to Sherlock and opened his mouth to say something but was cut off by Sherlock whipping his head up to look at John, his eyes tear-stained, his cheeks red with embarrassment. “I don’t need your pity, John,” Sherlock growled, moving to retreat to his bedroom. John grabbed his sleeve and pulled him close, tucking Sherlock’s head into his chest.
Grabbing the kettle off the stove right before it could start whistling, he made a nice cuppa for himself and settled down on his chair to drink it, hoping that it would help him get at least a little bit of sleep that night. At first, everything was normal. The lack of Sherlock’s presence was strange, and the dark, silent atmosphere seemed almost eerie, but those were to be expected. Everything was alright, and John smiled to himself, starting to feel sleepy once again. He finished his tea and placed his cup in the sink, rinsing it out before drying his hands and heading back to his room. A strange noise from his flatmate's room made him pause in confusion.
“Sherlock…” John said, his skin starting to feel hot and prickly, his fingers tingling painfully. The fingers pressing into his skin suddenly felt unbearable, and John started to writhe around on the table, trying to twist free of the hot press of hands all over his arms and legs. “Sherlock, wh-what’s happening to me?” John can feel the fear in his own voice.
A small smile made its way onto Sherlock’s face, and before long, he was digging his fingers into John’s back and giggling quietly. John pressed his lips to Sherlock’s neck as a small smile lifted up the corners of his mouth.
Mycroft started getting busier, pushing Sherlock away more and more often as days went on. He gave Sherlock hugs less often, stopped ruffling his hair, stopped spending time with him in the library. “We all have to grow up sometime, Sherlock,” Mycroft said the one day while scribbling something on a piece of paper, his spine straight and proper. It was so unlike the loose, hunched over Mycroft that Sherlock was used to, the Myc he knew and loved, that tears sprung to his eyes and he ran from the room, ending up in the library. He threw himself into one of the many soft, comfortable chairs in the room and curled up in a ball, crying loudly, a small part of him wishing that Mycroft would walk through the large doorway and wrap his arms around Sherlock, holding him tightly like he used to.
They stood like that, embracing in their flat for longer than either of them cared to count, Sherlock’s fingers dancing over John’s back, John’s fingers carding softly through Sherlock’s hair. It would soon be the end of one adventure, but the beginning of another.
The shouting behind them seemed to grow quieter, and John and Sherlock laughed breathlessly together, not stopping their quick pace despite the illusion of safety.
Clenching a knife tightly in his hand, John gritted his teeth and narrowly dodged a hit, swiping his own blade towards his attacker, barely nicking him on the arm before feeling a strong punch to his right shoulder. He grunted and just prevented himself from falling backwards, lashing back out at the skinny but surprisingly strong man trying to kill him.
“If I drink it, they’ll think I’m accepting whatever it is they’re implying. I don’t want to go home with anyone tonight except for you, John, and I certainly don’t want anyone getting the wrong idea. People can be so stupid sometimes,” Sherlock said, still grumbling and pouting. John smirked and turned towards Sherlock, setting his drink down.
His other hand went to rub comfortingly at Sherlock’s back. Sherlock’s shoulders shook with sobs, and John whispered into his ear to soothe him, almost like what he would do with Rosie when she wouldn’t calm down. “Sherlock, shhh, it’s okay. Stop crying. God Sherlock, you should’ve told me.” John stroked a thumb over the back of Sherlock's neck. Sherlock whimpered softly and slid off his bed, collapsing in a pile in front of John.
His work day came and went just like all of the others before it, and John trudged back up the stairs to 221b, pulling out his phone on the way up, dialing the number to a local chinese take-out place, ordering his favorite for delivery and thanking the person on the phone before hanging up and throwing his phone carelessly onto the couch. John collapsed into a chair (Sherlock’s chair, his brain supplied unhelpfully) in his living room and sighed deeply, closing his eyes for just a few seconds, his hands clenching and unclenching on the arms of the chair.
Thank you all so much for reading! I hope you enjoy this chapter, I had a blast with it!! Comments and Kudos give me life <3
“Why, Dr. Watson, I just want to make your acquaintance, is all,” the man says bitterly, and suddenly there’s a large fist swinging towards his nose. John ducks just in time and throws a punch of his own, landing it against the man’s right cheek. One of the man’s teeth must have broken, for he spits a wad of blood out of his mouth and grins ever wider at John, still creeping closer and closer.
When he came to, he was lounging uncomfortably against the stairs, the door shut, the take-out lying forgotten on the floor next to Sherlock. He was holding a glass of what John assumed was whiskey (he could taste it in his mouth) and was being thoroughly scolded by Mrs. Hudson. John gasped, which quieted Mrs. Hudson immediately. “Sherlock,” John said, nearly breathless, as Sherlock rushed to his side, placing the glass of whiskey on the floor. “Sherlock, oh my God, please tell me it’s really you.” John reached out and threw his arms around Sherlock’s neck, pulling him in for a tight hug, ignoring the way his breath was stuttering.
A pause. Then a minute shake of Sherlock’s head as he sighed and buried his face into John’s chest, his whole body deflating. John gathered up his detective lovingly into his arms and pressed a soft kiss to his hair, swaying them back and forth slightly. “Is this about the little girl?” After another short pause, Sherlock nodded again, wrapping his arms tightly around John’s back. “Oh, love,” John said quietly, burying his nose in Sherlock’s hair.
“But-” John grabbed him by the front of his stuffed up, starched shirt and pulled him down, bearing his teeth.
“John,” Sherlock mumbled suddenly, color and heat rising to his cheeks, “would you- would you, um. . . Christ, this is hard.” Sherlock’s eyebrows knitted together, his eyes still closed and his head still resting in John’s hand. Just looking at Sherlock, John could tell his mind was racing, trying to come up with the right words to say what he needed to. John just waited patiently, caressing his thumb softly over Sherlock’s reddened cheekbone. Sherlock’s thin, pale hands clutched at John’s wrist, holding it in place. John hadn’t been planning on moving it, but he wasn’t complaining. After a few minutes of silence, Sherlock blurted, “Will you stay with me tonight?” Before John could stop himself, he answered.
“Hmm?” John replied sleepily, cracking his eyes open slightly. Sherlock seemed to take a deep breath, his chest expanding slowly against John’s back.
“That’s the spirit!” John said, leaning in to press a sloppy kiss to Sherlock’s neck, causing the man to laugh brightly.
John’s inner thoughts were interrupted when Lestrade swore loudly and bolted towards an alley and the skip just on the inside of it. That’s when John saw him, his unconscious detective stashed behind the skip, just barely visible. John let out his own string of curses and ran forward, gripping Sherlock firmly by the arms to pull him out, gasping when he saw his right leg.
Sherlock, slumping further in on himself in a resigned way, pulled his hand out of John’s grip, and once again hid his face in his palms. After a few seconds of silence, he whispered, “I really said that, didn’t I?” Although John knew Sherlock couldn’t see him do it, he nodded, eyes wide, heart still beating heavily in his chest with the hope that it was the truth. “I…” Sherlock took a deep breath. “I do, yes. I love you.” John let out a breath that he hadn’t realized he was holding, then a grin overtook his face and he took Sherlock’s hands in his own. The man looked up to him, eyes rimmed in red, eyebrows furrowed in confusion.
They stayed there for hours upon end, sharing whispers and laughs with each other, moving only once to relocate themselves to the couch, collapsing on each other again. They threaded their fingers together, pressed soft kisses to every inch of skin that was uncovered, caressed each other’s faces, held each other close, threaded fingers through soft, silky hair, and learned. They took their time exploring each other, loving each other, until they knew the other person better than themselves, better than they ever thought they could know another person. And if Mrs. Hudson peeked into the room to check up on them, concerned by the lengthy silence, and smiled at them, sitting on the couch, holding each other close in a warm embrace, what did it matter? She would leave and never mention it to anybody but would hold the moment in a safe part of her heart, remembering it as the day that John and Sherlock realized they needed each other. It was a perfect moment, the most perfect moment, and all three of them would remember it for the rest of their lives.
“Sherlock,” John whispered, putting his hand on Sherlock’s face, wiping away the still-flowing tears. “Look at me, will you?”
“The man,” John said quietly, his voice raspy. “The man’s in the corner, he has the hammer, and the knife, and the gun.” His eyes widened, and he nodded his head slowly, as if he didn’t quite realize that he was doing it. “He wants to use the kettle in our kitchen,” John said faintly, explaining to someone that Sherlock could not see. “He just wants some tea. I told him he could use it. We have more than enough tea, don’t we? I think-” He cut himself off as his gaze cut sharply to Sherlock, his eyes sharpening.
“It’s good,” Sherlock said, licking his lips, trying to ignore the pain burning through his arm at the movement.
“Stop apologizing for saving my damn life, Sherlock,” John whispered, earning a sob from the man encased in his arms. He knew there was a small part of him that was angry, but it was quickly being suffocated by the amount of thankfulness he was feeling for Sherlock. He didn’t have the ability to comprehend the fact that Sherlock had done so much to save him, so instead of thinking too deeply about it, he nudged Sherlock and said, “Hey, why don’t we go up into the flat and eat the chinese food? I’m sure Mrs. Hudson will appreciate us getting off her stairs and letting her have a peaceful evening.” Sherlock drew back and took a deep breath as if to compose himself, then nodded once, standing up and grabbing the bag of food.
“Greg, I’m going to go look for Sherlock, I’m a little bit worried about him,” John said, not waiting for a reply before pushing himself through the crowd and into the bathroom.
With a brother like that, who needed friends? Sherlock loved Mycroft, nearly idolized him, and wished to be like him in every way, following him around, trying to match his sense of dress. Mycroft would just laugh happily, ruffle Sherlock’s hair, and go on about his day, smiling at his little shadow trailing behind him.
When he went back to school the next day, he kept a stiff upper lip and refused to cry around his former friends. He continued to ask questions during class, but only the ones he knew that the teacher could answer. The rest, he asked Mycroft. His big brother would smile at him, rest a hand on his shoulder, and lead him into the library so they could research the answers together (though, truly, Mycroft already knew a good majority of the answers himself. Don’t forget that he had also been a child with an inquisitive mind). The brothers bonded, and Sherlock soon forgot about the cruelty of his peers.
“Oh shut up, you’re happy for us,” John said, getting a snort out of Lestrade as the man brought his pint up to his lips. Turning back to Sherlock, John smiled to himself when he saw Sherlock inspecting the mystery drink once more, sniffing at it carefully. “What are you doing, ‘Lock?” John asked, leaning closer to him, enjoying the light blush on his cheeks that lingered from their quick kiss.
“I think that’s quite enough out of you, Mycroft. Leave him alone,” John said, stepping between Sherlock and Mycroft. The man in front of him didn’t listen.
“Sherlock, I’m sure he’s going to be just fine. They’ll fix him up good as new,” Lestrade said softly, squeezing Sherlock’s shoulder tightly.
“No problem, Greg. Sherlock and I will be heading home now, text us if you need us for anything tomorrow,” John said, nodding to Lestrade. Lestrade nodded back, and John turned to Sherlock before saying, “Shall we?” Sherlock smiled at John and nodded, turning to walk towards their flat.
On Sherlock’s beautiful, long, slender throat, was an ugly bruise in the form of hands, wrapping themselves fully around his neck. John crawled around to look at the back of his neck and could count each individual finger mark. John prodded carefully at Sherlock’s neck, trying to ignore the winces, trying to tell if there was any permanent damage.
He had certainly grown used to being touched starved. This was like a gift from the highest power out there.
John steeled his nerves and moved to wake Sherlock. Some people didn’t wake from nightmares kindly, and he was prepared for the worst. But, right before nudging Sherlock’s shaking shoulder, the man whispered for the first time since John had entered the room. “John. . “ he said, gasping slightly afterward. “No, God, please. Not John. Anyone but him.” There was a pain in his voice, and John clenched his eyes shut tightly, trying to block the anguish out of his mind.
It sounded pitiful if he were being completely honest. There was a little bit of rustling, and on top of that, a low, sorrowful whine that droned on. It would stop for a few seconds, seconds that were full of labored breathing, and then would start up again, a pained sound that squeezed John’s heart in his chest. Low, rushed whispers interrupted the melancholy moans, but were gone a second later, whisked away by a shallow gasp and a sob. John pressed a hand to the door separating him from his tortured flatmate.
“Sherlock,” John said a little more firmly, but still quite softly. “Sherlock Holmes, I need you to look at me, okay?” Sherlock raised his head just enough to meet John’s eyes. His eyes were blank, numb, but still filled with indescribable sadness. “Good,” John praised, smiling at Sherlock. “What you’re going to do is give me a hug, the biggest hug you’ve ever given me, and then we’re going to wipe all those pesky tears away, and we’re going to save that little girl. We’re going to do it all, and you know what? That little girl will be so thankful that you saved her, I’ll bet you’ll get a hug from her too.” A little bit of Sherlock seemed to return to his eyes and he smiled wobbly at John before throwing his arms around John’s neck, pulling him in for a tight hug.
"Good God," the captain chortles, "we're not at sea, Private. Do keep up." He reaches to peel the spoon from the hob with a
Eventually, Private Holmes mans up. He sets his spine into alignment and and takes a deep breath. No one can dither indefinitely. John's smile sharpens, sublimely wicked in intent. He feels it difficult to hold in a guffaw imagining steam pouring from Sherlock's ears.
"You do occasionally surprise me, Captain," Sherlock generously concedes. "Today isn't one of those times. Our flat already contains an intriguing variety of personal lubricants. Personally, I favour Sliquid Swirl Strawberry and Pomegranate."
On to hearing then. Good, this will be smashing. When his ears are pricked, Sherlock can hear a mouse fart. He's like a bat, hence the coat. The genius holds his breath and listens to the sound of his heart. Well, the low thumping gurgle settles one of his burgeoninging questions; no, he's not died and gone to Hell.
John steals closer, lips slipping impossibly close, without touching. It's fucking infuriating to be patient, and Sherlock generally has no use for equanimity. Waiting seems so very...submissive. The waiting is making him mad. He's mentally raving, intellectually foaming at the mouth. He's hysterical, aching for John's scorching liquid mouth, his clever prehensile tongue. And, that's it. Private Holmes is
"Yes, Captain!" Sherlock bleats, unclear of what exactly he's affirming. It's yes, no matter what. Just yes. Yes yes yes.
"HOLMES!" The private's eardrums buzz. That was uncomfortable. He calculates the risk of hearing loss vs. getting on with it or getting off. Meh. It's a risk he is willing to take.
Sherlock's reason breaks camp does a runner. This is not John's fun twisted version of a romp, but a reverse simulacrum of their relationship.
Dear God in heaven why had he devised this machiavellian scenario in the first place? Yet, more to the point, will the man still trust him after this...this treason? John startles, Sherlock derailing his train of thought.
with a length of black ribbon. The detective can tell, without touching, that the pile is thick and luxurious. It's made of velvet. Some types of velvet are stiff, dry to the touch. This material is pliant, soft and silky as a clean baby's bottom.
"Mmm, no. No, I won't tell you per se, at least with words," John's grin is wicked, knife-sharp. "I plan to communicate via body language, luv. You're a detective, broadly speaking," he winks cheekily. Seriously. He actually winks! "Deduce it, Sherlock. Deduce what I want," John sweeps his pink tongue across his lips, "and more to the point, what I need." John's eyes melt again, global warming in a nutshell. "Sherlock, my darling," his smile thins, all pointed teeth and sharp intention. "Do it now. On your knees!"
Sherlock makes a discovery. Crappy summary, right? Sorry, I'm feeling lazy. As such, I also kind of threw this chapter together in roughly two hours whilst suffering through a bout of insomnia. Be warned, it wasn't proofread for typos or logical progression. My apologies to you, if it's lacking in coherence.
This was easier to write than I thought it would be. For those readers who are interested in my work, it's a plus. My region of the US has been suffering from a deluge of rain accompanied by intemperate and unseasonably cool weather. Blech. Global warming, anyone?
"Sir, that couldn't be further from the truth." Sherlock says, sincere sincerity coming out his ears. In fact, he's feeling fairly dribbly all over. It's not a surprising turn of events, in light of his predicament. "Honestly, Captain. Truly, Sir, with all verisimilitude, I...oh, hell. These blasted sentiments will one day drive me mad! I vow to you, Sir, I'm
. He insisted Sherlock pick a safe-word. Feeling better, the genius deletes beheading and most of the serious maimings.
John, doctor, ex-military medic, mild-mannered boyfriend and frequent conductor of light, is undergoing dare he say...a permutation. The man's entire demeanor is different. John's short, rounded body is hardening; mutating into a mass of taut muscle and menace. Sherlock has only twice before seen anything remotely like this happen. In both separate instances, his own life was in obvious peril.
"He had some very interesting things to say, Sherlock. Very helpful things, including the short list of possible anonymous sources!"
Silvery metal shackles. They're not Graham's spares, obviously, those are tucked away in the Belstaff. Additionally, these cuffs display no evidence of rough treatment. To wax poetic, these handcuffs remain unchristened, dare one say, unspoilt and virgin? A sweet sentiment, that, for such an item. The detective eyes John as he casually loops the chain about his hooked thumb. The business-ends sway loose and extend wide from the joint. These aren't handcuffs, they're argentate asps poised to bite. Sherlock momentarily loses himself, caught in a flashback of darker days.
John's spine snaps like firewood, knees imitating floorboards. John's a middle-aged mercenary who is having a very bad day.
"Oh, pet," John nuzzles Sherlock's pecs, "sweetheart, bloody brilliant man." The doctor worries his lover's nipples with his lips, nipping and suckling. His mouth is hot, wet, and demanding as a newborn lamb's. "I'll take care of you, luv," he coos, "don't fret." John reluctantly releases Sherlock from his clutches. "Listen, I want you to budge back a bit. That's it, splendid." He shudders, imagining Sherlock's pleasure during his trials ahead. "Put you hands down," John can't help but stroke the long line of Sherlock's arms. His cock slaps his belly, oozing wetly. "Touch the edge. Rest your fingers on it. Relax."
Sherlock's scandalized, nose to photo after photo after...Mother of All That's Unholy - he spots the outlier. It's the very last in the line-up, shot in the venue bedroom. It's a close-up, a very close-up; startling in every last detail. He - no. Private Holmes is tethered to the bed. The soldier is shackled, blindfolded, and helplessly hard as a rock.
He stands there feeling pensive, fingernails worrying the stubble on his chin. The noise is soothing and something in Sherlock gives way. His vertebrae pop, sparking like fireworks.
Sherlock blinks, confused and concerned by John's mixed signals. A single solitary thought bounces from one side of his skull to the other. The words blaze in blinding neon pink P22 Johnston Underground.
Leaping swiftly; lithe and limber as a 15th century Shinobi warrior - well, one clad in a lumpy oatmeal jumper - John arcs toward the ceiling as if shot from the barrel of a cannon. Sherlock gasps, his brain grinding its gears until they check, crack, and crumble into dust. And wait, John's screeched to a halt in mid-flight; posed and weightless, six feet above the floor. John, no more a doctor. He's a pint-sized assassin for hire.
Sherlock shakes his head to clear the cobwebs. The attempt is fruitless and a waste of his diminishing resolve. He's gone on John, gone stark raving mad. He's been reduced to a simple-minded lunatic all for the want of his flat-mate.
His mouth claps shut, unfortunately before his tongue makes its escape. Sherlock squeezes all ten toes to keep from swearing. Again. Handcuffs. Their presence is relatively innocuous, despite being awkward and uncomfortable. Sherlock hones in on the guileless length of ribbon. His lungs deflate into tragically shriveled balloons.
your incessant need to text me every two minutes." He flips the phone in the air. "It's a bloody swish phone at that, no surprise there; some toffee-nosed git gave it to me for my birthday."
A sexual adventure, of sorts. Of John's sort. Sherlock's adam's apple undulates, a sign of his swallowing his pride. Captain Watson guffaws, fine-tuning his physical bearing. John's arms muscles bulk up as they flex for his lover's benefit. Sherlock's military kink is patently apparent.
Sherlock shifts, inspecting both wrists. Pinking rings of chafed skin adorn his flesh like twin bracelets. They're...pretty. Well, this is a turn-up. The genius feels like preening - which is ridiculous. It's all ridiculous. There's nothing noble about abandoning one's will to another. Ceding control equals failure. And, yet. The intensity of his release suggests otherwise.
Oh...oh, that's obviously the sound of John's Otterbox phone case against denim. The doctor's phone must have been in his rear pocket. Well, so far so pedestrian. John is in possession of surgical-grade lubricant and his Iphone. Excellent. Nothing to fear here. Except - for what purpose has John obtained his phone?
The landlady for 221B (AKA: Not Your Housekeeper) carts home, among other things, two packets of Jammy Dodgers, a box of chamomile tea, and a generous cut of roast beef for Sunday dinner. Mrs. Hudson places these three items in her tenants' flat. The 2-litre of cheap red wine, however, is strictly for personal consumption; an aperitif to accompany her nightly herbal soother. Being a wily old bird, she tucks it into the airing cupboard for safe-keeping.
I hope you're ready, 'cause I'm two seconds from shoving into you so hard you'll taste my come on your tongue."
But, no, not for long. Not today. It's he who must hold the reins for this ride, bumpy and dangerous as it is.
, Sherlock, is the fact that I put up with your over-inflated ego on a daily basis." John's index finger traces the pronounced line of his jaw, belying the earlier touch. "You already know that you're my best friend, yeah? By now," he smiles, suddenly shy, "surely you've deduced that I love you?"
Affronted and agonisingly desperate, Sherlock is left with little choice but to safe-word. "Poodle," he spits out, all practically frothing at the mouth, "damn you, Captain. Damn you, you...you...you...
A proper commanding officer puts his needs behind his men's, their well-being and safety of top priority. John ignores his raging impulses. He's a captain and he will keep himself in hand, no matter what.
ignorant. Being so naive is mortifying in the extreme. Engaging in fluent discourse of a sexually explicit nature isn't his forte. To be fair, though, it is the first time he'll be - hah - discoursing. At, least that is, outside the walls of the Mind Palace. "Humour me," the genius sniffs. "Be ridiculously obtuse, as per normal. Assume, John, that I haven't the foggiest notion of the concept." Sherlock lifts his chin in challenge.
you think to mention it. Probably just what Anthea needs to get her jollies, an unobstructed view of your arse."
John is brought up short by Sherlock's question. He's not a sadist, yeah? He's just a short-tempered shit fallen head over heels with a prat. Yes, John's finished. Sherlock's
Queen: The queen moves freely in all directions. It's the most powerful chess piece for this reason. Also, my tongue and cheek reference to our gay and not-gay characters.
"Yes. Mine," the captain grins. "Mine to do with as I please." The smile turns deeper and mischievous. He waits, tool in hand, slowly undulating one arm above his lover. Instead of the preparatory squishing of lube Sherlock expects, the room stays quiet. The one difference from before is moving air.
John snorts and rubs at his nose. It's very possible that he's hiding a smile. "That's all you've got? That's bloody brilliant, mate. Come on, Sherlock, you can do it. Keep going." He bobs his head, mocking encouragement.
"You see, Sir," Sherlock pants, "Having been assigned to your unit feels serendipitous. I - " He sways to the left, dizzy from the surge of emotion.
would never hurt him...much. Perhaps a slight revision of John's profile is due. Fine. John would never hurt him
John's eyes glitter, minuscule crinkles of delight framing the corners. Sherlock's confusion is frankly adorable. The doctor's tempted to flash his best imitation of Sherlock's "look". But, no. His brilliant boy is rattled as it is, best not to push.
"Suh...Sir," Sherlock croaks, "thank you, Sir. If I might...may I..." he begs off, coughing from the dryness in his throat.
A cool breeze unexpectedly ruffles Sherlock's sparse pubic hair, tickling his torso, fanning his flushed and glistening cheeks. The change in temperature soothes him, still it's disturbing, an unknown quantity. "What gives?" the genius prods. There's faint trace scent colouring the air. It's a familiar smell and oddly, uniquely specific. It's difficult to put a name to it. Sherlock's sure he wouldn't even notice it sans blindfold, it's that light. "What? What is that. What are you up to. I know that smell. Jo...
"I'll not ask again, Holmes!" the captain barks. "What. Do. You. See? Be specific. Be accurate. Be obscene!"
An unending stream of fresh, noisy clamorous data, blessedly beautiful data, floods his senses. Sherlock shatters from his fugue. He's flung free of malaise to and snaps straight into detective mode in less than a tenth of a micro-second. By rote, the genius deletes his despair. The indomitable Sherlock Holmes,  simply does not
"Now," the little man says, wiggling his finely muscled arse. "I have several issues of which we need to...discuss, Sherlock." John's tongue tilts to wet his upper lip, sharp smile turning sweetly mischievous, "My sexy, my dearest, my most darling man. My Sherlock," he hums, "
"I have much to learn, Sir, from such a self-effacing man as yourself. I believe that's the key intelligence of my report," the private admits deferentially. After a disheartening lull, Sherlock feels compelled to witter on. "Captain, might I offer the data upon which I've developed my theory?"
Pawn: This is the littlest/least powerful piece on the board. They may only move forward and must remain in the row of which they started.
Sherlock's keening sends his captain groaning in reply. "Private Holmes, you taste luscious," the CO snarls, "On my mark, soldier, let the games begin."
"Yes, John, and yet you asked me a - Ahhh...bloody OUCH!" Sherlock jolted. The sting of straight white kitten teeth pressed around thick, straining muscle is something one should expect in advance. The doctor admires the ring of skin left behind. There's no question here. Sherlock's
He hears the barely audible brush of the feather landing on the floor. John's sturdy surgeon's fingers anchor onto Sherlock's hips and shove him closer to the middle of the mattress. "Put your feet down and lift your bum." Gratified beyond measure, he quickly does as ordered. John sensibly props his arse up using a bed pillow (his own, of course, Sherlock notes absently, the man is thoughtful that way). "Knees to chest again, thank you." It's easier for Sherlock now, with the pillow; easier access to the important bits, as well.
...penetration...of said seal transpired at an interval earlier this week. Yes, done at least two days ago; your surgery being woefully understaffed. I blame the NHS. This, in concert with the attendance of the phone, is significant. But, Private
The rectilinear room has two methods of ingress via doorway, the space wasteless as a bunker. Nevertheless, there's worse to contend with, such as Mrs. Hudson's ancient table, the surface of which is completely eclipsed by beakers. The sheer quantity of glass is inconvenient in and of itself, but also eight of the fragile vessels hold stock acid solutions. He's been careless and sloppy in his procedure with the thumb experiment, but who knew?
The doctor indeed sounds a bit queasy, and for that Sherlock nearly - but not quite - feels empathetic. He sniffs, and feigning deep though, purses his lips. Actually, Sherlock is indulging in a fantasy whereby Captain Watson shunts the private to his knees to choke on cock.
The point is...the point is, the point is...John is as quiet as a cat. Obviously, he'd slipped off his shoes, the sneaky bastard, whilst Sherlock was busy fighting for his sanity. Damn his frayed brogues and nappy woolly jumpers. He sports his own creative version of urban camouflage.
Suffering through an inordinately long silence, he hears the softest of sighs. Sherlock swallows hard. This particular  sigh of John's is his absolute favourite. It's the only one of the doctor's many expressive sighs saved for Sherlock. It's the loveliest of lovely sounds, and means "I love you."
. Eidetic memory, all present and accounted for, rears its ugly head. John grins whilst Sherlock blanches. "You're fortunate, you waste of uniform, that I'm forgiving. A rare trait in a captain, that, forgiveness."
Sherlock clears his throat trying to catch the Captain's attention. He's distantly aware that illusory smoke, heady as incense, is curling away from the indent, a cauterized brand of John's ownership.
Sherlock's normally pale face reddens at the reminder. His eyes glow with the intensity of his ire. First, John ruins...
"My deductions were spot on. That's not me bragging, Sir, just a fact. Within twenty-four hours of our meeting, you'd saved my life. You protected an unknown number of civilians from the murderer, despite the risk of serious repercussions. Fortunately, Lestrade's an idiot. He never did suss you out as the shooter."
Captain Watson flaps his hands, "Move it, soldier. I've brought lubricant for the occasion. And indeed, I pocketed my phone after getting dressed. Can't seem to live without it, lately, what with clients ringing at all hours
"Alright, so be it," the genius breathes, his long graceful fingers tucked behind his hamstrings. "Am I expected to sit down?"
Okay, was that redundant? I kind of skimmed through chapter four, and I am not sure chapter five isn't more of the same. But I gotta go to work, so I don't have the time to really look. A short "yes" or "no" on somebody's part would be greatly appreciated.
Private Holmes immediately senses the change in their environs, in his lover. A rush of warm air touches his neck and upper chest. It reeks of mint, no, more than that. It smells of John. Sherlock smells John's skin, his shampoo. He smells the distinct pungent musk of John when overly emotional. The tall man's tongue pokes snakelike past his lips to flick the air. He wants to taste John, needs to taste John, to savour the ripe earthy flavour of his groin. Sherlock's overheated skin smoulders at their fresh juxtaposition. The doctor exudes more heat than Mrs. Hudson's furnace. Sherlock often wonders how John survived Afghanistan's climate. Very well, he imagines, John Watson is the strongest man he knows.
John's roar echoes up the front foyer, followed by the thump of size eight brogues. "You've gone well and truly mad, haven't you?" The doctor crashes straight into the kitchen, red-faced and sweating. Sherlock sets his glass-green limpid eyes steadily on John's face, whilst smacking his lips and licking traces of apricot sticky bun from his thumb.
He feels his brain melt into a gelatinous puddle. Coherence dribbles from his ears to the floor, obfuscating his ability to form speech.
That's so good, feels so good." Clever surgeon fingers take up the charge, rolling and tweaking and flicking the nipple not currently being laved. "That feels so -
" he groans, toes curling. "John...John...John." The maddened man in questions laves tantalising jolts of liquid pleasure across Sherlock's wrinkled bud. His awareness that his blooming bliss is created using John's tongue leaves him unhinged, sensing shifting into overdrive. From the first the communion between John's mouth and his own bacteria-laden anus has seemed conceptually obscene; not, however, that mouths are in any way aseptic. Rimming is so dirty and perverse. Disgusting. Deviant.
Holmes does his damnedest not to shiver. He shivers anyway, damn his transport, body fairly quivering with lust, muscles trembling. Sherlock's barely holding back from flat-out pathetically begging to be fucked. But no, no he won't. Sherlock fancies being John's good little (obedient) soldier. "As for my hindquarters, Captain Watson..."
An argument echoed loudly through Baker Street, but John, used to it by now, just sighed to himself and got the tea ready in the kitchen even though he knew that neither of the men in the living room would touch it. They were too busy sniping at each other, throwing out insults like they were children again, trying to make the other angry. John placed the tea on a tray, took a deep breath, and soldiered on into the living room, clenching the tray tightly in his hands.
“I need a case!” Sherlock shouted, tapping his fingers restlessly against the arms of his chair. “A case, a distraction, something!” Sherlock was frustrated, and John was trying to be a calming presence, offering Sherlock a fresh cup of tea. Sherlock only scoffed and turned his head away, tapping the foot on his good leg repeatedly. John sighed and placed the tea on the table in the living room, sitting down in his respective chair across from Sherlock.
Thank you all so much for taking the time to read this! I appreciate each and every one of you, even my ghost readers! But, as always, comments and Kudos are my lifeblood
John felt as though he should step in, but when he opened his mouth to say something, he was cut off by Mycroft saying, “He was scared. He didn’t want to be that kind of different, to be ridiculed in that way by his classmates. So,” Mycroft said, pausing for a moment to sneer, “he did the cowardly thing, and turned to drugs. He hoped they would erase that part of him, or make him forget. They didn’t help in the long run, but for that little bit of time he could forget about his worries and just let go. I bet you didn’t tell the good doctor about Victor, did you? Or the internalized hatred that you felt?” John watched as Sherlock started trembling in his seat, wrapping his arms tightly around his legs. He stepped forward and looked at Mycroft.
“Thank God you’re awake John, I thought I had lost you,” Sherlock sobbed, pressing his fingers gently into the sides of John’s head, seemingly trying to massage away John’s headache and blurry vision.
“I… I don’t know, John. I just don’t want to be alone,” Sherlock mumbled, looking down at his hands encased in John’s, a familiar melancholy feeling rising in his throat. John hummed in understanding and squeezed Sherlock’s hands even tighter.
It wasn’t difficult to find who they were looking for. They were snickering loudly, slamming things around, and, by the sound of it, shattering glass bottles. John gritted his teeth and walked towards the noise, keeping his hands clenched into his fists and his gaze sharp, just in case a fight broke out.
He groaned and shook his head as he woke up, but when he realized he could not move any of his limbs, he knew something was wrong and snapped into alertness in a second, scanning the room just as Sherlock had done just a little bit ago. His eyes caught on Sherlock and he growled, trying to free himself from the rope binding him to the chair. When he realized he wouldn’t be escaping anytime soon, his gaze snapped to the other man in the room, narrowing his eyes and baring his teeth.
“Yes, she does need you. And you will be there for her,” John said, rubbing his hands over Sherlock’s arms, resisting the urge to scan the room around him. He had seen Anderson and Donovan when he had come in, and he was thankful that they realized this wasn’t an appropriate time to joke around, to insult the detective on the floor in front of him. “I know you better than anyone else, Sherlock, and I know you can solve this case. I know you can, and I know you want to.” Sherlock said nothing, did nothing, just stayed there, curled up, sitting on his knees.
He reached out and put a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder before he could talk himself out of it, and he almost pulled back at the chill that was set on the sweaty skin.
John’s vision went red. His hands shook. Every muscle in his body clenched in an effort to not run after the man who did this. Tears sprung to his eyes.
His hands were trembling. He brought them up and buried them in Sherlock’s hair to hide the shaking, and when he pulled Sherlock in to kiss him, the tears ran.
That was their routine for the next bit of time, Sherlock hissing in breaths on occasion, John slowly and methodically stitching his wound shut. Sherlock didn’t know how long he stayed there, his face stinging, but it was a relief when John finally pressed a kiss to the tip of his nose and said, “All right, the stitching is done, just let me bandage it up for bed, okay?” Sherlock nodded, letting out a sigh of relief, running his fingers through his hair. John, after rewashing his hands and grabbing more gauze, ran his finger softly over the new line of stitches, a sad look in his eyes.
“Don’t worry, John,” he heard Mycroft say as his eyes shut, unable to stay open any longer. “You’ll be back to yourself in no time.”
“Shhh, don’t worry ‘Lock, it’ll all be okay,” John whispered to Sherlock, trying to distract him from what he was about to do. His arms were most definitely dislocated, which means it was John’s job to pop them back into place. He tried to slip into Doctor Mode, but he couldn’t. He couldn’t ignore the fact that it was Sherlock he was trying to fix. Taking a deep breath, he pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s forehead before putting his right shoulder joint back where it was supposed to be.
“Thank you. For this. For not hating me, and consoling me even though you probably needed it more.” Sherlock’s arms tightened around John as he spoke, and his nose buried itself into John’s neck, nosing at the warm skin there.
John hummed softly to himself while bustling around the kitchen, making a full breakfast for himself and Sherlock. Sherlock had been struck with fever and hadn’t been feeling well at all for the past few days, but John had a feeling that once he woke up, he was going to be famished. He placed the breakfast along with a fresh pot of tea on a tray and took it to Sherlock’s bedroom, smiling softly to himself.
“I think I might just have to punish you for that. Hmmm, what could I possibly do? Oh, I have just the thing! You’ll love it!” The voice said, setting Sherlock on edge. Suddenly, the dripping stopped and all was silent. Sherlock nearly sobbed with relief until it started up again, but with something soft playing in the background. It took him a few seconds to realize what it was, but when he did, he felt himself pale and felt his stomach drop.
John couldn’t quite remember how it had happened, or when it had happened. He only knew that he wished he had been paying more attention, wished he hadn’t been so lax.
His cries went unheard as Samael stood up and pulled his foot back, slamming the hard toe of his shoe into Sherlock’s ribs. John let out another shout and Sherlock cried out in pain, but Samael wasn’t listening, too blinded by his rage to do anything other than pull his foot back and kick with all his might once more at Sherlock’s chest. Sherlock felt bones crack as he let out another wail, feeling tears welling up in his eyes and spilling down his cheeks.
“Like hell it’s not important! Your back is littered with scars! I’ve been in the army, those look like scars from- from…” John choked on the last word, unable to finish his sentence.
“I’m so sorry John, I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” Sherlock mumbled quietly to himself, tears starting to stream steadily down his cheeks. Rocking back and forth on his bed, apology after apology babbled out of his mouth without control. His mind was a mess of confusion, sadness, and fear. He could barely hear himself think over all the noise. There was a small knock on the door, but he didn’t hear it.
Slouched against the wall, Sherlock tried to ignore the sound of dripping water echoing around him loudly. It had been dripping and dripping and dripping all day, but no matter where he looked, he couldn’t find the source of the noise.
It wasn’t his surroundings that were keeping him awake. In fact, the conditions were pretty much perfect; the air was just cool enough to be comfortable with one blanket, and the flat was as quiet as it had ever been. He had even drunk a cup of warm tea before bed, which made his eyelids droop and his body relax. A tired smile made its way onto his face as he lowered himself into his bed, but as soon as his head hit the pillow, all hope of sleep was gone. John was a master of sleepless nights; he could tell when they were coming. This was going to be a long night.
It was what felt like three hours later when John was finally found. By that point, he was finding it harder and harder to breathe from his screaming ribs, his thighs had multiple bleeding gashes from broken glass, his toes were starting to feel broken and numb at the same time as the cold air drifted in through the broken windows, and he was starting to feel woozy and dazed. His extremities were too cold, he was slowly losing blood, and his head pounded from receiving multiple hard hits to it.
“Steel-toed boots?” John said quietly, turning back to look at Sherlock. The man nodded, his gaze still wandering the room, his free hand flitting nervously around his ribs.
John ran his hands softly over the scars on his lovers back, filled with hate for the dead men that put them there.
Thank you all so much for reading!! I'm actually quite proud of this one, so let me know what you think! Comments and Kudos keep me going <3
“What's going on up there in that big brain of yours?” Sherlock was silent for a few seconds more, as if he didn’t quite know how to answer John.
“Call him off,” Sherlock said flatly, his voice still nasally, his face still red. The demon in front of him made a tsk-ing sound, wiggling his finger at Sherlock.
“Sherlock? Where are you, we know you’re here somewhere!” Sherlock hummed just loud enough for them to hear, blinking his eyes open and squinting towards where he heard their voices. They came into his field of vision a few seconds later, and despite the fact they were blurry, he felt some sense of relief to see them.
“Are you sure?” John asked, looking at Sherlock with furrowed brows. “Do you want me to get you some paracetamol? It might help a bit with the pain.” Sherlock opened his mouth to politely refuse the offer, but when his shoulder throbbed painfully, he snapped his mouth shut and nodded, offering John a wobbly smile.
“Sherlock, look at me and shut your mouth for a second, yeah?” Sherlock’s eyes popped open the second his mouth snapped shut, and his face turned scarlet again. “Yes, I will stay with you tonight. I will stay with you any night you want me to. You don’t need to ask, or to justify yourself. I know how it feels when your life is seemingly out of your grasp, when-” John swallowed hard, shaking his old nightmares out of his own mind, “when you feel like all is lost and nothing will be normal ever again. I want to help you through that because I care about you more than anything in this life, and damn me if I don’t help you when you need me the most.” The confession fell easily out of John’s mouth, and he felt happy that the truth was out, not embarrassed. Sherlock smiled widely at John, his eyes widening.
Sherlock's cock grows six inches longer. "Yes, Captain! Right away, Captain!" He gets to work. It takes thirty-three seconds, all told. The length of time it took to discard his kit at top speed was twenty-one point zero-two seconds. Sherlock knew this from past experience, once suffering a nasty hydrochloric spill in the kitchen. John hadn't been there, so the fact of this was entirely Sherlock's secret. He'd never bothered to explain the withered lino, and John hadn't bothered to ask.
John's metamorphosis points to one simple truth, and one only. Captain John Hamish Watson is preparing for out-and-out war with his lover.
"I can hear you breathing, you know," Sherlock snarls blindly. "Dirty pool, Captain Watson, dirty pool." He's utterly exposed. It's not a good feeling. Seeking shelter from the refrigerator is pointless, but he edges closer anyway. It's not as if a bag of thumbs can be weaponized.
He calculates the insect's leg length based on pitch and tonal resonance to pass the time. It's gone two minutes twenty, and his waiting lark has come to fuck-all fruition. Sherlock's... erm...Private Holmes' patience comes to naught.
"Your thanks are a bit premature, Private. If you fail, I'll leave you bound and gagging for it for a fortnight.
The doctor wavers, deliberates, and  straightens up. He purses his lips whilst considering his options. The proper course of action is indisputable. Sherlock's confusion is palpable. John tastes it on his tongue, sweet and savoury. It's too much. He licks a line from Sherlock's coccyx to thoracic spine (T5, if one is wondering, it's as far as John's legs will allow).
"I might, puh- possibly," Sherlock stutters, full-on shivering. "I'm rather skilled at deduction." His teeth flash, a shaky attempt to ignore his bodily mortification. "Tragically, however, rumours speak to a circumstance whereby I missed something, a fact of great significance. Indulge me, Sir? I'd be remiss not to inquire." John ignores him, rather opting instead to walk away "John?"
Oh my gaawwwd, why is this story taking forever? Why can't my boys just bugger each other already so I can wrap this up and move on to other things?
Private Holmes wiggles in place. "Naturally, Captain." He wiggles some more, which does interesting things to John's ego. "Yes."
"You've not been released, I've signed no papers. Your arse is still mine, and I will do with it as I see fit."
? His lover must be unhappy. John finds him lacking. Captain Watson's reproach is justified. He is a pissant. John, wonderful solid perfect John, is displeased. The evidence of his hypothesis is copious - and damning. He is rude, thoughtless, callous, and straight-up dictatorial. He's self-involved and self-serving.
frightened, so much so that he won't say so for fear of repercussions? John blanching, assessing his partner. The man is naked, shackled, blind-folded, on his knees, and arse up. Sherlock's in a legitimately vulnerable situation. Fuck, it's so obvious, now that he's looking and not leering. Sherlock is fearful of more biting, or something worse. That creepy riding crop is right here in the sitting room, halfway jammed under the desk. Then, there's that smelly, messy, dusty lung-clogging experiment Sherlock's got with rope. Sherlock's been testing the tensile strength of rope when they've been exposed to heat and/or the debilitating UV rays in sunlight. John had no clue that such a variety of rope stuffs existed until stacked rolls, boxes, and tangled mountains of coiled rope appeared courtesy of FedEx. They created a fucking legitimate fire hazard, as well as a bloody inconvenience when needing the loo. Irregardless, reams and reams of cordage lay primed and ready, in easy reach for a casual garroting.
, and your blatantly callous indifference. Poodle! Poodle-poodle-poodle buggering poodle! You win, I lose - congratulations. If my hands were currently available, I'd be waving a white flag. Bravo."
The genius waits patiently, or as patiently as possible with his cock whingeing for release. John's an intelligent man, but no genius. "To what end?" the doctor rasps. "I'm...did you forget your safe word, love? Did you - are you afraid I'll do something worse? We can stop right now, I can take those - ", John dithers, feet shuffling for want of a solution.
Horrified, the detective scrambles to his feet. "Is there - have I done? John. Is my rejoinder lacking? Am I not good enough?"
"Having said that, I'm inclining towards either," he wheezes, "Numbers Three or Seven. The rest are probably rubbish. Not enough data." Sherlock's dying, he's dying a slow, painful death here and now in their bedroom. "Or, so..."
Sherlock's penis gives one last salute before withering, desolate and deflated by defeat. If John "approves his release", indeed. Fat chance of that happening now.
"So. Lube nicked from your work, despite it being readily available. Not the most pleasant product for oral sex." John sniffs up all the oxygen from the room. "A medically sterile product, you're being careful." Sherlock says, sounding pleased from behind his pointy elbows. "Moving on. You have herded me into our bedroom. In addition, whilst we've been intimate from one end of the flat to the other, you only indulge in anal play behind closed doors."
John can't hold off a moment longer, lust cancelling out his carefully laid plans. His finger traces up from Sherlock's tailbone to his centre. The doctor rests it, deliberately not pushing in, whilst continuing to lick and suck.
John stands nose-to-nose with his lover. Blueish hazel eyes sweep Sherlock's body checking for damning indicators of distress. The detective restrains himself from surging down to lick John's face. He maintains parade rest for minutes, hours, days, maybe years. Whatever. He waits a fucking long time is all he knows, but that's not important. Private Holmes would hold position for millennia to please his captain.
John wheedles, sounding not one whit like his lover. It's Sherlock's who's the chameleon. "Think back. Or, did you delete the requisition out of shame," his words a statement, not a question. "Soldier. This right here is a textbook example of self-indulgent insubordination. Prevarication, and the expectation of receiving preferential treatment. Disgraceful, you skinny shit, that's jack as all fuck. It's not I who wanted...who wanted," this time the words a lie, not a statement.
"Jaawww..." Sherlock clears his throat, filling up his lungs with fresh oxygen. "John. Your behavior is patently absurd."
"Oh, come now, soldier. There's no reason to be shy. You know I'm always gagging to watch you be clever." Shit,
He must wait. The Captain plans of demonstrating precisely how a commander's respect is earned. The small man grits his square, even teeth, begrudgingly easing away from that smell.
"Oh, it's not I who curried favour here, Holmes. Which one of us begged for instruction? Don't you remember, or did the fridge rob you of your miraculous memory?
The first time Sherlock read a book about pirates, he nearly cried. It wasn’t sad, really. None of the pirates died, they got the treasure in the end, but something tugged on Sherlock’s young heartstrings: every pirate had a crew.
“I agreed to be your best man, I never could say no to you, but it hurt, it hurt so fucking much that you chose her over me but that didn’t matter because I just wanted you to be happy, happier than I could ever hope to be, because I don’t really deserve to be happy, do I?” Sherlock’s breathing was getting concerningly fast.
Thank you all so very much for reading!! I'd like to say thank you for all of the nice comments I've been getting recently, y'all have been keeping me going and I really appreciate you for that!! Comments and Kudos give me life, so if you drop some down there for me, I'll love you forever <3
“Sherlock,” John said with a coarse quality to his voice, “you… you don’t listen to what Sally and Anderson say, do you? I should have said this so long ago, but--” a lump forced its way into John’s throat, and he had to swallow it down before continuing. “You aren’t a freak or a sociopath, and they’re blind to not see that. You are one of the most beautiful people I have ever met, you feel so much, you’re like-- you’re like a flame, burning bright with everything you have, with everything you do. You save people that need saving, you hate it when you can’t, and they must not even be paying attention to you when something goes wrong and you can’t protect someone you never even meant to put in danger in the first place. They--”
This was a lot of responsibility, and he felt like he couldn’t handle it, that he wasn’t worthy. A small question wriggled around impatiently in the back of his head, and it popped out before he could think about it.
“Yes, hello Sebby. You can stop watching the little pet now, we have what we want,” Moriarty said, hanging up the phone and dropping it into his pocket. “There we go. Your little doctor is safe and sound. And you, my dear, have just made the best decision of your life. Let’s play a game, eh?” He said with a smile. Sherlock gritted his teeth, threw his suitcase into the car beside them, and got in himself, allowing Moriarty to kidnap him to keep John safe.
John was lounging comfortably in his living room, his feet propped up in front of the fire, a hot cup of tea resting at his elbow on the side table. He was reading the newspaper when Sherlock walked behind him, breezing behind his chair in near-silence. John almost hadn’t heard him wouldn’t have if it weren’t for the sound of something smacking into their kitchen table.
“One of the reasons you started loving me was because of how I made you feel, how I could provide you with what you needed, what you craved. I could give you that adventure, the element of surprise,” Sherlock whispered back, tears starting to run down his face. “I’ll no longer be able to do tha, John, not when I’m an old man with a bad hip and an even worse knee.” He shut his eyes tightly as if to try and fight the tears back. John brought both hands up to cup his face and wipe them away, leaning up to press a soft kiss to Sherlock’s chin.
John could admit it without hurting his pride; he hated it when Sherlock was in pain, no matter if it was mental, emotional, or physical. Seeing pain in that man's eyes broke John’s heart in a way that he couldn’t quite explain. Sure, he’d seen many injuries over the years, big and small, serious and ridiculous, but with Sherlock it was different. Sherlock, this perfect, untouchable figure waltzed into John’s life and gave him strength, gave him a new spark for life that he never thought he would get back after returning from Afghanistan. When Sherlock was hurt, John swore he could feel the hurt deep in his chest as well. And he didn’t like it one bit.
“John, help me, he’s in here, he’s in the corner, he’s going to kill us!” Sherlock said, scrambling even closer to the headboard of his bed, eyes never leaving the corner. John took a few tentative steps into the room, hands outstretched towards Sherlock.
“Are they dead? The men that did this to you?” John asked, his voice full of deadly rage. Sherlock pressed a soft kiss to the bridge of his nose and pulled him up into a hug.
“Oh, thank goodness you’re here John, he’s been like this all morning and it’s frightening me! He’s not looking for cigarettes, and he has a case to work on, so he’s not in need of mental stimulation. This is something entirely different. He’s even torn his knuckles open, what with punching the wall, the poor thing,” Mrs. Hudson cooed, her hands fluttering around to land over her heart. John shifted his gaze to Sherlock’s knuckles and clenched his hands tightly when he saw the ripped, bloody flesh covering them. John, taking Mrs. Hudson by the elbow, started leading her quickly towards the staircase. Whatever was going on with Sherlock, he wanted to resolve it as quickly as he could.
Sherlock came to consciousness minutes before John did, and immediately wished that John wouldn’t wake up yet, not until he could find a way out of the situation they were in.
“Hellooooo,” Sherlock slurred, reaching up to cup John’s face. “I knew you guys would save me!” His voice was nasally and seemingly wrecked, and John started worrying even more. “Did they rough me up a bit, John? I can’t really remember what happened…” Sherlock said, all of his energy suddenly gone as his eyes started to drift closed. “Will you take me back to Baker Street? I miss it, and I’d like some takeaway, maybe… maybe some…” he drifted off.
“What do you mean you’re ‘going away’?” John asked. “Where are you going? Do you need me?” Sherlock shook his head and looked away from John as if he was incapable of meeting John’s eyes.
Before John could ask him if he was okay, Sherlock asked, “What do you want, Samael?” His tone was biting, which seemed to make Samael even happier, evil laughter spilling forth from his mouth.
The man turned to Sherlock, said, “I’ll miss you, detective,” and then suddenly he was behind Sherlock, forcing him down onto his knees before kicking him over, causing Sherlock to slam his nose and forehead against the floor. What worried John was that Sherlock barely seemed to notice. Mycroft, throwing the money to the ground at the cackling man’s feet, lunged towards Sherlock at the same time that John did.
Laughing loudly, John slapped the counter in front of him, narrowly missing his pint, too drunk to care that he nearly spilled it everywhere. He, Lestrade, and Sherlock had gone out to a bar that night, and John and Lestrade were telling bawdy jokes and snickering to themselves, taking long swigs of beer every now and again. Sherlock sat with them, smirking everytime John said something funny, but mostly stayed out of the conversation, taking small sips of whatever beverage he had in front of him.
“We are getting out of here together, or we aren’t getting out at all,” John gritted out, picking Sherlock up carefully, one arm around his shoulders and one under his knees. He threw himself into a sprint, the sound of rushing blood almost loud enough to drown out the pained noises coming from Sherlock.
Sherlock skitters instinctively to the right the instant John speaks. Sadly slamming head-on into the fridge? Blunder two. He groans and pulls a 180° to face the enemy. What the hell? How does John
Sherlock's fully aware that he's being ridiculous. It's annoying. This is his blogger he's dealing with, not Jack the Ripper.
Actually, now that John thinks of it, he wouldn't be adverse to a five-minute breather. Has he really gone that soft? The doctor unconsciously sucks in his gut.
John's stance approaches militant. He swells, colossal, face austere with authority. His normally frumpy fare is gone, exchanged for khaki camouflage fatigues. Chin up, chest out, shoulders back, stomach in, eyes flashing, fierce, strong and sinewy, taut with previously disguised muscle.
"Trade secret, Sir," Sherlock quips. "The phone, now that's interesting. Is it interesting? Why is it interesting? Captain, you tragically under-utilise it's plethora of features other than for texting, collecting evidence photos, and writing blogs. It's necessity at this time is at variance with your habits. John, I know you. You're dead set against sexting or recording copulation due to aforementioned creepy British Government."
"However, you're a bit of a bully. I'm content to take the back seat during The Work. It's your show, after all." John sticks his warm, liquid tongue in his lover's heretofore neglected other ear. "I believe that it's time for a change of pace in our sex life," the doctor pulls back with a smirk. "Are you open to something new, something different? Or...are you going to continue to be a twat. Because, you ridiculously gorgeous creature, I won't have it."
"You can thank my hellish childhood for that," John interrupts, "I actually wasn't born a boy scout." He frowns. The British so-called "Brotherhood", purportedly designed to teach children life skills frankly gives him the willies.
So. Why wind up an already too-tightly wound man? To what purpose? John is not cruel. John is kind. John is also firmly in control of his emotions - on the surface, at least, Sherlock observes with a curious eye. The doctor has assumed what for him is an highly unusual position, at least whilst sitting in his low, yielding chair. John is sitting - no, is
John's attention returns to Sherlock, chin dipping downwards, dark blue eyes following suit. As per usual the doctor's eyes light on his arse.
Sherlock Holmes stirs, too content to bother opening his eyes. He'd slept with four limbs akimbo, stretched wide as a starfish. No matter, that, really. Seconds after reaching NREM Stage 2 sleep, John makes like a hedgehog, balled up and burrowed deep below the bedding. As he is now, muffled snores lending proof to Sherlock's assertion. Good, John's asleep. It's more than time the genius re-establish his signature prickly personality; to settle the earth firmly back atop its axis, where it belongs.
Sherlock will be rather put out when John puts his plan to the test. Tough shit. John is a soldier. John is a
John's penis is throbbing, pulse painfully pounding in his cock. He's turned feral, wild with the compulsion to mount his lover and
"No, Captain...I mean, yes, Captain. Everything is perfectly satisfactory. If you are ready Sir, I'll to pay my dues.
"Sherlock," John says calmly. "If you feel we must talk, at least do me the courtesy of not shouting over my shoulder. Come sit down. And, bring me a new biro whilst you're at it. This one's a bit of a dud."
As his well-deserved punishment intensifies, the detective mewls high in his throat. He's growing desperate; his stiffly tumescent penis craving friction, craving touch - itching for anything other than this woeful, madding neglect. Point of fact, Sherlock's manly bits are frantic, engorged to the point of discomfort.
"Great-Aunt Mildred on my mother's side. Wrinkled old bat. She smelled hideous, emanating an odor akin to stewed prunes. My aunt owned two of the puling, rat-faced curs. They were disgusting creatures, feces-brown in hue, and constantly yapping up a storm. Their plaque-encrusted teeth jutted out from their foul muzzles like razors, with which they sharpened on my ankles. Over-bred and over-fed as my brother," Sherlock smirks. "So as you see, for myself, the word 'poodle' is an uncomplicated connotation for unpleasantness; and facile to recall. And I now so pledge to you, dear John, a word that will never cross my lips again bar for the strict purpose of functioning as my safeword." The genius grins a shit eating grin. "Is it a satisfactory choice for my Captain, my most highly prized and honourable, conductor of light?"
Sherlock's balls tighten into marbles when his lover's unexpectedly warm breath tickles his taint. "God,
Am army-trained doctor...who has bad days. Very bad days. Very, very bad days. Apparently, this is one of them.
"Dog tags, yeah. Yours. They have your name, rank, and serial number. I want you naked except for those in the bedroom in
, so says Mycroft. In his head he hears the dooming snap of engaging locks sharp as a slap to the face. The loathsome weight of steel tugs at bony wrists. That had surely hurt more than it ought of, but then again, at the time he was two stone lighter.
And something breaks in Sherlock, snaps, lips and tongue going all out to keep up. "Sir, yes Sir! I'm dripping sir, verily soaking the couch with pre-cum. I'm so hard, Captain," he moans, "incredibly, agonizingly hard. I need to come! Sir, it's starting to hurt."
Having said that, if I hold off on posting until I have a decent-length chapter I would update once a year. Hopefully, you'll put up with short but more frequent postings. *right eye joins the action, leaving author looking like a loon*
"It's cool for the season, yet I'm sweating like a sinner in church. I'm...shiny? Ah. I'm perspiring, quite heavily in fact. It's collected into beads on my skin due to surface tension. However, gravity takes charge, not allowing them to hold shape for very long. Indeed, rivulets of moisture have run straight into the crack of my arse. I can feel them falling. And, Sir? It feels quite squishy down there." Sherlock gives an experimental flex of his muscles. "Ah, shi- Captain, I'm so
Now, at no time should one question Sherlock's acute senses. No, really, please. Honestly, don't hint at such blasphemy, or face a lecture about the two-hundred forty-three disparate odours found in ash. No one else has catalogued John's perfume, or that the tender flesh of his balls smacks of browned chanterelles dressed with butter. It's debatable whether or not his blogger's dime-a-dozen girlfriends had two neurons to rub together, let alone decode the whimpers, groans, sighs, moans, growls, grunts, and helpless wails of pleasure John lets fly during sex. Only he can, he's fucking brilliant. John told him so the first night they'd met.
Sherlock corrals the few functioning neurons he has left to craft an answer. "No, Sir. Sorry, Sir, that was - that is," he coughs, "My wrists are bound together by steel handcuffs. New ones, Sir. They're in obviously impeccable condition. Position-wise, I'm resting on the couch. Ah," the genius stumbles, "when I say resting...I'm on my knees, Captain, kneeling on my knees. Or to be precise, on the cushion. I'm blindfolded and facing the wall."
Don't be obtuse, man. This reckless tinkering...could be dangerous. Two." Sherlock's head is yanked back twice. He makes no obvious protest, although his scalp must be burning. John has learned through intimate experience that Sherlock has very sensitive follicles. "You leave the bunkhouse untidy and full of rubbish. You keep eyeballs in the crisper and thumbs on standard regulation corpse-free shelves. I have strict standards in regards to hygiene, which you piss on. Every single bloody day. Three,"
Yes. His blogger's a sneaky, sneaky bastard - in sheep's clothing, no less - and no-one can convince the genius otherwise.
Sherlock groans. He's truly and fucked, there's not a chance in hell of surviving this. Screw composure, fuck comportment; he's a blubbering, babbling mess. John scrabbles wildly over his insteps, twisting up to the backs of his knees.
have issues to discuss, several, to be frank, beginning with your wanton destruction of my expUUH..."
"Spot on up to here, Private, though I'm unclear on how you deduced the seal's condition whilst blindfolded."
"Be still, you, and take it like a man," John half-groans, half-growls, circling his lover's balls with the iridescent edges. "Take it. Take it. Take it, you love it - you can't hide it from me." Blinking, he twigs to Sherlock's oncoming madness. John body-swerves nanoseconds before being impaled on boat-sized feet. "I see, then. I've discovered your kryptonite. Finally!"
The thought sends heat pulsing though John's cock, matching his heartbeat. Taking the reins, sexually speaking, is bloody
Abruptly, John ends the torment. Sherlock's bum smarts, but in a good way. His cock is harder than granite. Holmes' ears perk up when the officer marches away in a huff. The detective is relieved that he can track John's movements by the tap-shoe clacking of his work shoes. Odd, he'd not noticed John wearing his brogues.
The air feels static with no John to stir it in his wake. The entire flat remains abysmally tranquil, like the deceased. So still. It's very difficult to track time without a reference point, with no sign of life other than himself. Mayhaps, John left the flat to grab a pint with Greg. Sherlock, great lump that he is, sinks into a vat of self-pity.
There's nothing for it, John braces himself, and looks again. The doctor peers down, to take a gander. It's putting on a performance, maybe strange kind of dance?
"Is that so, Private. I am conducting this inquiry due to the multiple infractions you've committed whilst on base. Your typical interactions with personnel point to an insufferable lack of respect. This is upsetting to your bunk-mate, but more appallingly, for the generous proprietor of our encampment.
Sherlock groans, tormented beyond mental endurance. His arsehole contracts so fiercely in response to John's harangue that he wonders if his lover has noticed.  He's desperate be stuffed with John's cock...the captain's cock. Whatever. Sherlock wants to be buggered right bloody
Sherlock opens his mouth to begin. What emerges from his throat isn't deduction; hell, it's not even English. It's the petrified squeak of a petrified mouse, shooting toe-curling horror down his gullet. "Eh..."
dragging against the nerve bundles in his most secretly sensitive areas. Irritation melts into interest. Interest puddles into lust.
The detective goggles, gingerly exploring the flesh of his neck. The last time John unleashed his "crazy" Jeff Hope prowled the busy streets of London.
"Of course not, Captain! I find it not at all a problem if you - " Sherlock cuts off his blather to give a startled yip. John latches on to Sherlock's cock and wields it like a leash to tug him forward. The manouevre is pragmatic rather than provocative, and John is careful to be gentle. He lets go when Sherlock's knees bump against the bed. He laments that the room is so small. John's fingers walk down his spine, light as snowflakes. Warm hands cup his bottom, then slide up to press against his lower back until his top half rests on the duvet. This is one of John's favourite positions for shagging Sherlock, simply practical based on the doctor's short legs. Having that plump arse ripe and ready for manhandling has absolutely nothing to do with it. Honest. So John swears.
"As in exactly what you are implying, with the...ehm, the objects in your possession, and the fatigues, and the Jekyll and Hyde change in your demeanor.
Sherlock wants to scream. He debates how angry John will be if he tackles him. Oh. Oh! John took it for a test drive! "Ca...ha..." he swallows hard, "Sir. You tried it out."
I don't know, whatever, who can say. At any rate, it turns out that I'm practically illiterate when fighting strange, unstudied pathogens. I binned my first draft in horror and started out from scratch. Then, I trashed the second draft, and the third.  Take me out back behind the barn, Pa, and shoot me.
It's singing will obscure other sounds. Also, going by the chirping's muffled quality, it's staked claim on his shower cap as a bolt hole.
There'd been no hesitation, no questions asked. Baker Street's dearth of specious orange blankets abruptly seems an unforgivable oversight. The detective dazedly wonders if shock blankets are available for public purchase. He makes a mental note to inquire at Tesco's.
John huffs, brushing aside any impending existential crises. He crouches low and slips into stealth mode.
It's like this: Sherlock's moans are a dynamic force. Each plaintive sob generating energy, a high-voltage charge coursing through John's veins. Sparks ignite - electric blue flashing in his eyes. Lightening bolts fly, exciting the nerves in his penis. The little man's bollocks tighten up and lift, threatening to open fire in his pants.
Hell, he is a whore, if only for John. He can't bear it, being helpless. A wail of desperation fills his throat.
The cricket cuts off the racket mid-squawk. Sherlock's thrilled by the "what", but knocked for six by the "why's". The multitude of possibilities freeze him solid, some of them unnerving as as an ice-water enema.
, pardon, Sir, I meant in hand-to-hand combat with combatants. Sir," now Sherlock's veritably gushing from several anatomical features, "you pull out all the stops, and it's
Hot, moist breath tickles Sherlock's earlobe with each soft exhalations of John's desire. The detective holds his own breath, and he waits for it. He waits for it. He waits. Jesus fucking sodding hell, Sherlock waits. He's listening, ears pricked, for the tell-tale, slickery smack of sound that John makes. His John, his dearest John, forever and always licking, and licking again over his lips. Sherlock waits, almost keening when he hears it, the slickery slide of saliva-laden tongue.
Sherlock's mouth reforms itself into a quirk. John knows he's a soft target for praise. Absently whistling Liszt, the genius parses the data front-to-back, and vice versa.
"New as in what, precisely? Cherry flavoured lubricant? Six-inch black leather heels and a thong? Be more specific, complete with specs. I can hardly acquiesce to
expecting a clear answer, but no, you're not that clever. If you would be so kind as to repeat the question?"
Peeved, Sherlock presses on and seeks the sheepy stink of lanolin and stale jammy toast. Nope, not even tea. At some point John had opened the windows, his situation suddenly feels dire. Sherlock would willingly cut off both thumbs for the suggestion of Septalkan Spray antiseptic.
Investigation concluded, and blood pressure decreasing a healthy 15 points, the detective turns to Number Two. John's hands, oh Lord help him, John's slightly chapped, healer's hands. Left palm and upper wrist wrapped
"And yet, you've admitted to devious shenanigans. Not very clever of you, don't you think? Continue on, lad, lest you dig yourself an early grave."
Captain Watson cracks an evil laugh as he sees Sherlock colour. His squadie flails, but immediately struggles back to position. The CO is callously amused. John Hamish, on the other hand, is smitten all over again. Despite himself, his tender side takes front and center. At once, John's desirous for squishy cuddles, gentle kisses. John leans forward, preparing to coo sentiments in Sherlock's ear usually reserved for grizzling infants.
A broken Sherlock is not a sexy Sherlock. Fleet of feet, the doctor darts forward and anchors Sherlock to the floor. The detective, now a snared and desperate rabbit, twists out of John's grasp and hares off to the kitchen. The second Sherlock passes the pocket door he's furious. John, damn him, tricked him into a foolish blunder. Their eating area, a.k.a. chem lab, is jam-packed with detritus and loose rubbish. Mystery liquids muck up the lino, oozing around the webbing of his toes. The bottoms of his feet stick to the floor.
The men enter into a staring contest. Sherlock in conscious of the fact that he's the most likely loser in this game. Wait.
Is that a possible diagnosis, for a body part? Not very scientific, that; humanizing a disparate organ.
"Most interesting is the fact that you, Sir, nicked it from your place of work. Surgilube, water-based and produced by Savage Laboratories. Popular manufacturer, and commonly found in most London surgeries. Obvious, as Savage Labs markets direct to medical facilities. Surgilube is not for individual sale, it's shipped in gross quantity boxes. Several gross of Surgilube currently resides in your surgery's storage cupboard."
John straightens, abruptly six inches taller. Having completed this task, a heated wind has blown back in his sails. "Quite so, young Private Holmes. Now. Strip of your clothing, and resume the position." His legs stretch wide, braced for greater things than staying upright. "Private, pay attention. If you can't accomplish your task in less than thirty seconds there will be harsh repercussions. Do you understand, you little pissant? Need I elaborate, or am I being clear?!"
"Hands, up, soldier," the doctor murmurs behind his ear. "All the way. Good. Now, place your forearms on your head, hands in back." Again, there is praise, lovely praise. "Very good, Holmes. Now, keep still."
John finally deigns to gaze up at his lover, eyes half-lidded and shielded by fringe. The doctor's normally pacific, cobalt blue irises have transmuted into a dark, almost sinister hue; storm clouds stirring up the surf, perhaps. The doctor's pupils are markedly dilated. The smile pulling at thin lips is anything but kind.
John. I want you now," Sherlock growls. "Take a shower with me. I'm going to wash up all of your stinky bits, and then I plan on taking you
"Do you, Private Pissant, believe you're up to snuff?" John's coffee-scented breath is cloying and hot as molten lava. "Pathetic." The heated words wend their way through Sherlock's ear canals and cook his brain. What remains of the organ crumbles into fine baby pink ash. It lays there, scattered and unnoticed. There'll be no upcoming blog post defining
"Puh...puh...pardon?" A pink flush suffuses Sherlock's cheeks. "A yes, as in what, precisely? In what context? A yes or no for what?
The genius tilts his head to both sides instinctively, zeroing in on his blogger. John's morphed from powerful dom into, he can't say what, exactly. Sherlock muses, reviewing his mental recording of events. To his annoyance, he finds a 32.3 second time frame which is blank, memory whited out.
He closes his eyes, a defensive measure, yeah? It's an old trick, this, creaing a mental white board on which to outline offensive manoeuvres. However, for some obscure reason, his dry erase marker coloured an icy aquamarine blue - no, chartreuse. Perhaps it's called sky blue? Or steel grey? Citroen. The marker's light against the white and thus difficult to read. Despite this, John wouldn't have it any other way.
"Sherlock. We will get there, I promise. Eventually. However, if you don't give me an answer right this second, these get binned, and we never speak another word about this." John sniffs, tilts his head, and purses his lips, all whilst simultaneously raising one eyebrow. He's a plain-spoken man, even in his blog, but a virtuoso of facial expression.
gone. John is standing before him, holding two items of a...frankly unexpected nature. If he's read the data correctly, and in all seriousness, what’s the likelihood that he’s erred, then - oh, bugger. There was that time that he'd attempted to drug John via tainted sugar.
The detective's lips twist in a moue. He straightens, slightly affronted by the suggestion that he's ignorant of common sexual lingo. "Ah. A 'safeword'." Tragically, he
"Jo - Captain," Holmes wavers, on his last legs. His legs wobble as if to make the point. Sherlock's not clear on how much more discipline he can stomach. "Forgive my presumption, Sir. Have I...uhm...
Also. Clearly visible between the valley of John's thighs is an enormous, jaw-droppingly impressive erection. John flashes a sharp,  toothsome smile of a predator, and then he pounces.
"Absolutely, Captain. Sir. I'm all on board, if you'll forgive the nautical metaphor." His wavy hair has tightened into pin curls, delicate spirals fit for a Victorian Duchess. The man is goddamned gorgeous, of course he carries them off without seeming the least bit effeminate. Sherlock's a sex-crazed, six-foot two cherub gagging to be fucked.
How to explain? I'm miserably sick, extremely exhausted, lonely, bored, banned from working for another week (at least), and seriously freaking annoyed.
The movement is similar to a tic; visceral and mortifying in spades. What's worse is that it makes for a bloody unfortunate tell. He's off his trolley. He's lost the plot. He's mad as a bag of rabid ferrets.
Disengaging and stepping back, Captain Watson clears his throat and gives the order. He's proud to come off sounding bland and matter-of-fact. "Permission granted to deduce out loud, Private. You may speak."
John reads Sherlock's overwhelming hunger in his shivery quivering body. The captain smiles. It's not a very nice smile, as these things go.
Nothing of interest supervenes; rather, a Mycroftian-sized fat lot of nothing. Some metalli...no, some animate creature is creating the racket. It's a cricket.
"...something something something...the design quality of this specific flip-top cap.... metal tube...the  safety seal has been previously compromised as it's approximately 10 ml shy of gel capacity."
Sherlock sits calmly for a few seconds, then removes the paper to examine it. "I take it this," he gestures vaguely, indicating John's obvious ire, "isn't in regards to sluggish shareholder profits."
John cuts him off. It's just like the wanker, too busy running his mouth whilst bare-arsed to remember that he's fending off a spanking. "Private Holmes. I've indulged you enough for one day. Stop jabbering, dickwit, and get on with it; else I lock your sorry arse in the glasshouse."
“I have to give you stitches, this is fairly deep,” John said, bringing a hand up to Sherlock’s face for a few seconds to softly stroke over his cheekbones. Sherlock nodded and closed his eyes. “You know, I really should-”
“Of course I can, love,” John whispered, standing up as carefully as he could with an injured consulting detective in his arms.
“Oh, and John?” Sherlock said after a little while, running his fingers carefully along John’s arm. “I don’t listen to them. Well, I try not to. It gets to me sometimes. But then, I look at you, and the amount of utter awe in your eyes is enough to remind me that they’re wrong and that they simply aren’t worthy of my attention or my pity. They don’t deserve to know the real me, the me that only you have the privilege to know.” John hummed in agreement, thoughts slowly draining out of his mind as his focus shifted only to the hand running gently up and down his arm and the comfortable heat surrounding his body. John felt high and happy, holding Sherlock closely on the floor of their flat. What he wouldn’t give to stay like that forever, bathed in the quiet bliss of their apartment, drunk with everything Sherlock.
“Stay the hell away from me,” John growled out. That would be enough to send lesser men running, but the man in front of John only laughed and inched closer, obviously enjoying his little game with what he perceived as his prey.
“John?” Sherlock said, touching John gently on the arm. “I’m going to the bathroom, I’ll be back in a few.” John reached up to squeeze Sherlock’s hand and smiled at him. At the time, John hadn’t noticed, but thinking back on it, he was angry that he didn’t see the signs: the pale face, the slight sway, his heavy eyelids.
He barely noticed when one of the bartenders shouted, “Hey Jackson, cover for me, will you? I’ve gotta head to the loo!”
“Stop apologizing, Sherlock. You went through, I’m assuming, something quite traumatic while you were away, and while I don’t know the particulars, you don’t need to apologize for the reactions you have to it. Anyways…” he drifted off, realizing what he had missed in his need to comfort Sherlock, his heart skipping in his chest. “You love me?” The words had popped out before he could stop them, and he cringed at himself.
“Yes, he makes fun of you. No, you don’t like it. But his insults are small, petty jibes at the food you eat. You can’t- you can’t just go and expose one of the hardest, most traumatic parts of his life like that!” John ranted, tightening his fingers, hoping to God that Mycroft Holmes’ suit would tear under his hands.
“Sherlock…” John said, cracking his eyes open to look at the hysteric detective. “I’m fine, Sherlock.” With his good arm, John lifted his hand to place a bloody hand on Sherlock’s cheek. Sherlock let out another sob and covered John’s hand with his own.
The kiss broke suddenly, the loss of contact dizzying for both men. When John shook the fog out of his mind, he saw Sherlock cradling his injured fist, pressing on some of the raw skin carefully. John internally slapped himself for not remembering to patch up Sherlock’s fist and moved to get the first aid kit. Sherlock stopped him with a firm grip to the wrist, pulling him back down to lean against him once more. “It’s fine, John,” Sherlock mumbled, pressing his face into John’s good shoulder. “It’s not bad. Don’t let it ruin this for us, please, just… I need you to stay here with me, for at least a little while longer.” John nodded and threaded his fingers through the dense curls on Sherlock’s head, something he had dreamed about doing ever since he walked into that lab at Bart’s. Except now, he didn’t have to imagine it. This was real.
“Shit, John,” Sherlock hissed out, clenching his thigh tightly in both hands. “I think I broke something in my leg.” John looked down to Sherlock’s leg, twisted slightly the wrong way, his foot still stuck under the root that must have tripped him. Trying not to cause Sherlock too much pain, John felt around on his shin and knee, surveying the damage. Sherlock whimpered and swore under his breath at every press of John’s hands.
“John, I don’t think you quite understand the extent of how you affect my mind,” Sherlock said, his hands starting to fidget in his lap. He averted his gaze from John’s as he continued. “When you’re around, and nothing else is going on, my senses zero in on you. Your scent, your eyes, your body language, sometimes even your proximity to me. It’s dizzying, John, the effect you have on me. Hence the reason I collapsed when you walked into the room.” Sherlock smiled down at his lap, completely oblivious to the state that John Watson was starting to fall into. He couldn’t quite handle the information that Sherlock was throwing at him, and he felt like he was drowning in his-- in his-- he didn’t even
“I think that's the point, Sherlock,” John said, gesturing towards the drink with his pint. “I think someone here’s trying to flirt with you.” Lestrade hummed his agreement, sipping his drink with a twinkle in his eye. Sherlock slumped down and pushed the drink slightly away from him, his bottom lip jutting out into a pout that John found quite adorable.
“Sherlock,” John said, his annoyance obvious in his voice, “will you please stop all this bloody pacing? You’re making me exhausted just watching you.” Sherlock hadn’t seemed to hear John, still quietly muttering to himself, waving his hands around his head frantically while pacing back and forth in front of the fireplace.
“Hell, he’s in here, Greg!” A frantic voice says, waking Sherlock up from unconsciousness. He suddenly feels frantic fingers crawling over his face, and a quickly-muttered apology before the duct tape on his mouth is roughly ripped off and the fabric is taken out of his mouth. Sherlock coughed and worked his jaw, still feeling hot and cold at the same time, the lights still too bright.
“If it’s so ‘short’ and ‘simple’,” Sherlock bit out, adding air quotes, “then why in the world can’t you do it?” Mycroft took a step back from Sherlock and massaged his temples as John ignored the brothers as best as he could, placing the tray of tea down on the table.
This wasn’t the kind of adrenaline he needed, the kind he craved, the kind that Sherlock gave to him. This was pure terror injected into his veins that made him go and go and go and go and never stop, making his heart race and pound, the sound of rushing blood the only thing he could hear.
“Okay. Yeah, okay,” John said. “Avoid the back for now, right?” Sherlock nodded, and John settled his free hand on Sherlock’s hip, pulling him in for another soft kiss. Sherlock seemed to melt into it, his chest rising and falling steadily against John’s, arms wound tightly around his neck as if he never wanted to move. Taking Sherlock’s bottom lip in between his teeth, John nibbled it gently, causing Sherlock to hum softly and tilt his head slightly, unbothered by the fact that the kiss was crawling along at a slow pace.
Sherlock woke up with a pounding headache, slumped uncomfortably against a brick wall in a filthy alley, not exactly sure how he had gotten there. He tried to remember what had happened before he ended up in the alley, but his mind was hazy and he couldn’t quite grasp the memories. Reaching up to massage his temples, Sherlock paused and squinted at his gloved hands, furrowing his eyebrows in confusion when he realized that there was blood on his hands.
Instead, John’s face held only kindness and understanding, along with something else that Sherlock couldn’t quite put his finger on.
to keep digging, keep digging), screams tearing through his throat (couldn’t tell what he was saying, words in his head were jumbling together, all he could think was John John
This was a quick one, as I've been busy recently, but I hope you enjoyed it nonetheless! I certainly enjoyed writing it. As always, comments and Kudos are my lifeblood and can keep me going for days on end
John only sighed again and shook his head to get rid of the thoughts as the toaster popped. Those particular thoughts always tended to lurk near the back of his head, ready to jump to the forefront at any moment of distraction. He was used to it now, the empty pain that came with the reminder that he would never see Sherlock interact with him, the flat, or anyone else in their life ever again. Taking a small bite of toast and promptly ignoring the fact it was turning to ash in his mouth, John’s attention was drawn to the kettle clicking off, notifying him that it was ready. Toast forgotten at the moment, John stood up and prepared his tea efficiently, taking a sip and once again ignoring the way it nearly burned his mouth. It was all just a habit now, coming down to eat a breakfast of ashy-tasting toast and almost-burning tea.
“Sherlock, what’s going on? I’ve never seen you like this, you’re--” he checked the back of Sherlock’s head for injuries before continuing, “you’re not okay. What’s gotten into you? You know you can tell me if… Sherlock?” The man in question, who had been staring for the past few minutes, had his eyes closed and his head pressing gently into John’s hand, his lips forming a silent string of one word, repeated over and over again.
“Hey, ‘Lock, look at me please,” John said, running his thumb back and forth across Sherlock’s arm, meeting the man’s eyes when he lifted his head from between his knees. “I know exactly how you’re feeling right now, okay? You don’t need to be ashamed of this, of. . . of any of this.” Offering Sherlock a small smile, John moved his hand to grip Sherlock's hand tightly. A tired, strained smile made its way onto Sherlock’s face. John found himself becoming irrationally mad at Sherlock’s mind. How could one of his favorite features be his downfall?
As long as John had known Sherlock, he had nearly never heard the man swear. Maybe once, while he was knee-deep in a case and couldn’t find the next thread he needed, when a child was in danger.
“Well, as you know, my mind is a speeding train of thoughts, a never-ending trail of observations about the world that I can’t shut off. I get restless. Sometimes I turn to drugs to alleviate it, to turn it off for a little while. Just long enough to make it all stop. Sometimes I-- I don’t need drugs to do that. Your presence, it helps immensely. Your touch helps even more. When I woke up today, with a torrent of thoughts spinning around my mind at unthinkable speeds, I sought you out.” Sherlock paused, moving to sit in a more comfortable position. “After I discovered you were gone, my thoughts and emotions got a bit out of hand. It wasn’t meant to happen,” Sherlock said quietly as if he were ashamed of the fact that his mind had even dared to betray him in such a way as this.
“John, I’m very very very very very sorry, I seem to have been drugg’d,” he said, his voice even more slurred than before. “I didn’t mean for it to happen, I pr’mise. I’d never d’ that t’ you. Don’t leave me, okay?” John hugged Sherlock tight to hide the tears forming in his eyes.
A scream ripped out of Sherlock’s throat, and before John let it register in his mind, he was popping the other joint back into place and Sherlock was screaming even louder, tensing up against John before sagging back and sobbing with more vigor than before.
“I don’t want to die, John, I don’t want to die, I’m so scared,” Sherlock babbled. Every word that Sherlock said broke John’s heart a little more, and he was afraid that if he didn’t fix this situation soon, it would shatter into a million pieces.
John didn’t know how long the hug lasted, but he didn’t really care to find out. Sherlock needed it, so he would give it. When Sherlock pulled away, John wiped the tears off his cheeks, pressing a soft kiss to the bridge of his nose, uncaring about the crowd they had no doubt drawn. It was just him and Sherlock now, against the rest of the world.
“C’mon love, let’s get you in bed, it’ll be better if you sleep it off. I can get you some painkillers in the morning,” John said softly. Sherlock let out a soft whine in complaint, but didn’t stop walking with John.
“I’ll go with you,” another voice said. John. “Even though he’s dangerous right now, well, I’d like to make sure he’s okay.” Sherlock didn’t hear Lestrade argue, and soon, he could hear two people walking steadily towards him.
“John!” Sherlock shouted, his voice nearing frantic. John couldn’t open his eyes, couldn’t answer, couldn’t think straight. All he could do was feel pain. “John, can you hear me?” Sherlock said, his breathing starting to sound a bit heavier. John groaned in response, trying to staunch the blood with his hands, tears streaming from the pain.
The winter brought fever, and the fever brought delirium. And the repeated breaking of Sherlock’s heart.
With that, he took one more small look at John before shamefully walking out of their flat, his head bowed low, his breathing short and choppy.
A quick glance tells him that most of him was covered in blood, and none of it was from him. His white shirt was soaked through with it, and so were the thighs of his trousers. He racked his brain to try and remember what the hell he might have done, but his thoughts were interrupted by the screeching of police sirens and the sound of loud footfalls racing towards him.
“What? Oh, yes, talking, that. Well, it’s been pretty much the same nightmare every time. I’m enough of a lucid dreamer that I can usually make it less. . . distressing. Or I can wake myself up. That’s why you never heard me before,” Sherlock supplied helpfully, sniffling to try and clear his stuffy nose. He tried for an air of nonchalance, but John, who had lived with this man for years and knew his personality, could tell that he was struggling. His hands were still trembling a little bit, and his eyes still looked a touch too shiny to be normal. “And, well. . . they’re always, without fail, about you John Watson,” Sherlock said, voice shaking and lips trembling as he tried to keep up his false smile. John swallowed hard and nodded, finding Sherlock’s hands and squeezing them tightly.
“... really, you should put down that gun. It isn’t getting us anywhere, and honestly, do you want to stand there all night pointing that thing at me? It’ll get dreadfully boring,” John heard Sherlock drawl. John’s teeth gritted when he took in the cocky tone of his words, clenching and unclenching his hands and wishing for his gun.
All he knew was that a few moments later, the pressure on his neck was released, and he was falling, falling, falling…
“We need an ambulance! There was a knife fight, John’s been cut across the thigh, they might have nicked his femoral artery!” Sherlock said before rattling off directions to where they were. John couldn’t feel anything except pain and the blood seeping steadily out of his leg, warmth blooming across his back and side where he was laying in his own blood.
As the knot finally came loose, Sherlock let out a sob and slumped against John, hiding his face in the crook of John’s neck, wetting the skin there with his hot tears. “John…” he groaned, cutting himself off with another heaving breath and another wave of tears.
“Someone call an ambulance, I think he’s been drugged with Rohypnol, it can be fatal if he doesn’t get medical attention as soon as possible!” John shouted, a frantic edge to his voice. Sobs started breaking out of his chest, and he felt Sherlock’s fingers playing in the hair on the back of his neck.
“Who the hell are you?” The man says, his hands trembling. Sherlock sighs again and stands up, walking slowly towards John, his hands up slightly in front of him.
Sherlock’s right knee was a mess. It was clear to him that whoever had taken Sherlock knew what they were doing when they messed up his knee. The healing process would be long and tedious, and even then it would never completely heal. Sherlock was bound to have a bit of a limp on good days, and maybe even be stuck in the flat on the bad ones, unable to put much weight at all on it. John turned to Greg, asked him to call an ambulance (Greg was already on that, they were on their way), and John faced Sherlock once more, stroking his cheek softly and sighing. “I’m sorry ‘Lock, this isn’t going to be easy,” he muttered.
“I’ll be okay, John. I promise. I’ll tell you about it tomorrow, but we’ve both had quite the emotionally exhausting day, so I think it best if we wait. Is that alright?” Sherlock asked, his arms still linked around John’s neck.
John Watson, of course, is a stubborn bastard of a man and, even in unconsciousness, will not listen to Sherlock Holmes.
,” Sherlock said, bowing his head over John’s body. He realized, though, that John was still stuck and threw himself back into removing the rubble with renewed vigor.
“What?” John said, unable to hold back a small chuckle. Sherlock just laughed harder and dug his nose into the crook of John’s neck, tickling John’s chin with his soft black curls. Sherlock bit his lip to calm his laughter.
John Watson started crying. Rivers of tears streamed down his face as he read the rest of The Note, and he couldn’t stop them. The rest of The Note was blurred, but he couldn’t seem to find the ability to care.
John wasted no time in untying the ropes from Sherlock’s wrists, the pained noises from Sherlock pushing John to yank harder at the knot, tearing the skin on his fingers in the process.
“Let’s go all the way back to little teenage Sherlock, shall we?” John saw Sherlock swallow roughly and minutely shake his head, obviously avoiding John’s eyes. “Poor little Sherlock, all alone at school without his big brother to help him. He was so different, with his advanced brain and quick deductions, but he could handle it,” Mycroft said, inching closer and closer to Sherlock in an intimidating way. “Well, he certainly thought he could handle it. Then Victor Trevor came along. Do you remember him, little Brother?” Sherlock paled even further and nodded slightly, visibly trying to shrink into a tiny ball where he was standing.
John clenched and unclenched his fists, wondering why Sherlock had felt it necessary to hide the wound from him, to keep it a secret. Then, he took a deep breath and fetched his medical kit.
“John,” Sherlock said, tears starting to gather in his eyes from the pain, his soft touch knocking John out of his head. “You need to go on without me. Leave me here, and you’ll be safe.” John’s hands started shaking as they heard the shouting once more behind them. Going against all of the alarms blaring in his head telling him to run away or get ready to fight, John turned to where Sherlock’s foot was stuck and, quickly and efficiently, wrenched his foot out of where it had gotten stuck, earning a yelp and a sob from Sherlock.
“If you ever want to see the people you love again, Mister Sherlock Holmes, I advise you to listen to me when I tell you that you need to stay quiet,” a gruff voice said in Sherlock’s ear as the man dragged him backwards and down the seventeen steps from Baker Street. Sherlock struggled even harder, trying to speak through the man’s fingers.
Hours later, John sat up in bed for the fourth time that night, rubbing his calloused hands over his face roughly. Blinking away the tiredness in his eyes, John stared at the clock on his bedside table. 3:46 A.M. Letting out a long groan, he pushed his legs over the edge of the bed and eased himself into a standing position, sliding his feet into his slippers. He shuffled into the kitchen as quietly as he could, putting the kettle on to make himself some tea. All was silent in the flat, and John relished in the absence of the usual noise that surrounded his life.
“First, I want to see proof of the cash,” the man said lightly, his voice gnawing on John’s nerves. When Mycroft held up the wad of cash, John could swear he saw the man’s eyes light up, his lips turning up into an ugly smile. “That’s what I like to see! Now, just let me send one of my buddies on over to make sure it’s real. No funny business, I promise,” he said in a very fake trusting tone. The hair on the back of John’s neck stood up when the man approached, but when he made sure the money was real, he just nodded to his boss and went back to perching on his crate, buffing his nails on his shirt.
“It’s so nice of you to join us! Good thing you didn’t make us wait too long, your detective over there was getting a little restless,” he said, waving at Sherlock with a belittling smile on his face.
John only held him closer, wishing he had a way to end the suffering of his exhausted, overworked detective.
“I failed her… there’s a little girl out there in danger and I failed her when it mattered most,” Sherlock said, barely registering the tears starting to run down his cheeks in thick drops, or the fact that John was now in front of him, trying to console him and tell him it wasn’t his fault.
The silence that echoed through the room was unbearable, and the tension was so thick the men could feel it shoving its way into their mouths, into their throats, suffocating them. John felt tears prickling his eyes as he, almost instinctively, swayed towards the man sitting in front of him. John rested his brow gently against Sherlock’s shoulder, and as he did, he felt Sherlock shudder as all of the tension left his muscles. Tears flowed from John’s eyes, but he couldn’t bring himself to care. Sherlock
“Mycroft did the right thing, John. He saved both of us by waiting,” Sherlock said softly, and John walked over the bed, slumping down on it in front of Sherlock. Running a hand softly over John’s face, Sherlock leans in and presses a kiss to both of John’s eyelids. John’s eyes start running, and when he looks up at Sherlock, tears are streaming from the corners of his eyes.
“I’m tired, John. I’m so, so tired,” he said, a small whine to his voice. “I’m tired of it all; the nightmares, the lack of sleep, the inability to think straight when I’m around you. It’s exhausting me and I just want it all to stop. But it never will. I’ll ever have a good night’s sleep ever again, my mind will always be clouded with thoughts of you, and I’m helpless to do anything about it.” He ended in a pained whisper, drawing his knees up to his chest, curling in on himself to hide his aching heart. John’s heart squeezed, and he barely paid attention to the confession Sherlock just made; there were more important things to be said at the moment. John reached out a hand to comfortingly grip one of Sherlock’s forearms.
“Sh-Sherlock!” John said, stumbling unsteadily while running towards Sherlock who was kneeling on hands and knees, gasping in breaths and coughing. John fell to the ground in front of Sherlock and pulled him into a tight hug, rocking him back and forth, trying to ignore his own unsteady breathing. Over Sherlock’s shoulder, he saw Greg yanking a struggling man away from them.
“I will not have you stay in this room a second longer, Sherlock Holmes, not until he’s done having these attacks!” John heard Mycroft bark just before Sherlock was dragged from John’s sight. John struggled even harder, but his limbs were starting to feel heavy and limp.
“What’s going on?” John said, his voice causing a stillness to course through the room as Mrs. Hudson and Sherlock stopped what they were doing to look at him. Sherlock, with bags under his eyes and three-day-old stubble on his chin, had his forearm resting against the wall, and Mrs. Hudson had her hands wrapped around his other wrist, obviously trying to pull him away from the wall. The wall that now had a huge, fist-shaped crater in it. John balked, his anger simmering dangerously under his skin. He opened his mouth to say something, but the words died down as Sherlock swayed unsteadily on his feet, eyes locked on John.
“Shh, I’m sorry Sherlock, I had to do it,” John said comfortingly, scooping a limp Sherlock up into his arms, lifting him carefully off the ground and carrying him to the ambulance that Lestrade must have called for. “I’ll make it up to you, okay?” John said, guilt starting to seep into his mind. Sherlock was panting from the pain, but when he looked up at John with tears spilling down his face, he smiled.
“What happened?” It still felt like John’s throat and head were stuffed with cotton, but he wanted answers. He didn’t remember anything up till this point, and he needed to be filled in on why he was dizzy and pinned down to a table.
He moved to pull his hand away, but just before he could, Sherlock gripped his wrist and kept it in place against the back of his head.
Sherlock glared at the man as he stepped out of the darkness, inclining his head ever so slightly at Sherlock, his grin becoming even wider somehow. Sherlock, gritting his teeth and ignoring the pain in his shoulders, sat up and spit at the man’s feet while internally begging John not to wake up.
They fell into a heavy kind of silence that was occasionally broken by Sherlock groaning or hissing in a breath, but eventually John finished his stitches up and breathed a sigh of relief before bandaging Sherlock’s leg carefully.
"My my, Private Holmes. If only you could see what you look like, bent over like some back alley whore," the Captain smirks. Sherlock knows that John is smirking. He knows it by the timbre of John's voice, and the subtle changes in inflection that develop when he flashes that one-sided smile.
Oh, God, yes. Sir. I mean, Captain Watson," the detective cries, nearly tearing up. "I'm ready, Sir, to accept my punishment."
"Of course you're to meant to, you ninny," John yanks at him playfully. "Not for long, though," he adds, "it's merely the first step. I've a full dossier on what you like. Prepare yourself, baby, to partake of all of them."
John's body reacts, responding in kind watching his gorgeous boy fall to pieces. He's aching and Sherlock well within sniffing distance. He could just...the small man stretches up to drag his tongue under his lover's jaw. Sherlock jerks wildly in surprise, hips bucking any which way but always forward. John reins him in using Sherlock's arse like a tiller. He aligns their bodies, quickly jamming one leg between Sherlock's thighs. Sherlock's cock smacks against John's stomach smearing pre-cum in loopy figure-eights. They're starving, aching, hungry, embarrassingly drooling; dying for want of relief.
The genius squeals, wriggling furiously. It's unclear if he's chasing the touch or dodging it. Sherlock's lips shape a protest which his airless chest cannot support. He's being accosted, attacked, tickled, teased, and fucking tormented with a bloody hellish peacock feather. It drags across his thighs, toes, nose, arsehole. The touch is agonisingly exquisite, a flicking lick kissing his supremely sensitive rim. Sherlock's glad he takes the time to trim and buff his fingernails, else bloody crescents would mar his biceps.
The captain giggles. "You think my plan is this pedestrian after going through all this trouble? Am I really so boring in bed? Yes, well. You're dead wrong, soldier. If we were playing Marco Polo we'd be at opposite ends of the pool." Sherlock grouches under his breath.
"Cut it out," John smirks. "We both know that you're a right clever bastard. Stop pretending you've not deduced 'In what context' your consent is required."
doing such things whilst thrusting against the length of his cock. "Oohhhh....my god, John. What are you - "
John's tongue, a willful creature, disobeys. It's pink pointed tip pokes out and licks his lips. Sherlock flinched, snapping his head in John's direction.
Again, the detective examines the facts. That's how consulting detectives function - so he thinks. It's difficult to speculate with a sample size of one. The pink tip of Sherlock's tongue pokes out as if to add its two cents. Cuffs, strong steel bindings to prevent him from using his hands. Probably. Most likely. They're old school, the Met having switched to Speedcuffs. What, did John purchase them from a liquidation sale?
"Yes, to the first; and hell, no, to the second!" the captain snorts. "It would be bad military form to inform the enemy of impending ambush." At this, John crashes downward; pushing, shoving, yanking, and poking his yelping lover until they're both breathless and howling with laughter. Eventually, satisfied, he stands back to admire his handiwork. Sherlock looks so deliciously vulnerable on his back, long arms wrapped securely over his shins, knees pressing against his chest. So great is Sherlock's need his taint pulses, aching. It's filthy, lewd, and John thrills at the dirty display. This imperious, dictatorial blowhard is as helpless as a trussed up goose set for consumption.
Well, nothing for it then, but to drag his arse off the couch and try to gain the offensive. Logically, John wouldn't dally in the kitchen nibbling biscuits, not in active combat. So, he needn't bother there. And, whilst the flat felt spacious, there being only two occupants, it wasn't in terms of square footage. Bedroom, kitchen, loo, hallway, foyer, downstairs foyer, upstairs storage. No, not upstairs. John's innate need to protect immediately excluded both foyers and the upstairs. However, the genius considers, the chaos in the flat is problematic. There are waist-high stacks of medical books, bundled newspapers, slippery crime scene photos, cast-off empty cardboard boxes, bulky mismatched furniture, and the occasional pile of shattered glass from stray beakers. In effect, the flat is a mess of hiding places and land mines, depending on the player's perspective. Cross off the kitchen and the majority of the sitting room. That left the hallway, loo, and their bedroom.
, like a tiger sizing up its prey. His short legs are spread indecently wide, toes pointing front and center. John's strong fingers are digging so deeply into worn cloth that Sherlock wonders that it hasn't yet frayed. There's always something that the detective forgets. Beneath John's tragically bland woolen jumpers beats the heart of a blood-thirsty warrior.
AUTHOR WARNING - if you are here strictly because it's porn read the first two chapters for context and then proceed directly to chapter 19. Whilst there is plenty of D/s sex play (tickling in chapter 12) between chapter 3 - 18 there's also a fuck tonne of verbal banter. Orgasms don't occur before 19. Just sayin'. My kudos count seems somewhat lacking and I wonder if it's because I'm stupidly long-winded.
"Tsk tsk, such a pathetic ninny you are," John scolds. "Do you require a second round of basic training?" Fingernails scrape down the detective's endless legs to lay claim to his ticklish feet. It's clearly pure agony, keeping still, all ten of John's digits doing their worst. "Yes," he coos, winding Sherlock up to new heights.
, fuck. Jesus, Sherlock, you're perfect. But, enough. Less words and more fucking, thank you very much" The doctor's balls slap, sticky and painfully full, against Sherlock's. He twists his hips, grinding wrinkled skin and wiry hair in a deliriously pleasurable 360-degrees circle.
"Shut it, soldier, because I don't want to hear it. I've heard enough empty platitudes and promises from you to fill a lifetime, thank you very much. There's no place in my unit for men who don't get on with their peers."
"At ease, Holmes," the captain soothes. "Relax, we're not under siege," John snorts merrily, "well, I'm not, obviously." Sherlock's face catches fire. He's literally been caught with his pants down. He must look ridiculous, sound ridiculous in his helplessness. It's a horrifying sensation, vulnerability. So why is it making him so hard?
Phone. Lubricant. Phone. Lubricant. Plastic-sealed - Sherlock's knees buckle for real this time, so dizzy is he with desire.
"Captain Watson, may I be so bold as to assure you, Sir, that I am quite capable to accepting what further punishment you deem necessary for my insubordinate actions, Sir," Sherlock clears his throat, and tries again, "I beg it of you, Sir. My remunerations...obviously I've found them remarkably stimulating. As in," he coughed awkwardly, "extraordinarily
, John beams, chuffed, his position perfect, saving hands resting on his groin and the continuous gnawing of his bottom lip. Sherlock is adorable when at a loss, excepting murder investigations. John wisely keeps the notion to himself.
and it's high time that Sherlock was reminded of this fact. From now on, Captain Watson is going to give the orders in bed...and on the rug...in deserted back alleys - if his plan is successful.
"Excellent, very good. I'm re-assigning you to different quarters for this next exercise.  Don't be alarmed as I direct you."
"Sorry, Sir," the detective squawks between harsh breaths, "for disobeying a direct order, Sir. By not remaining still, Sir, according to your command, Sir. I apologize wholeheartedly for such grievous insubordination." The captain remains silent, stiff, statue-like.
Take the presence of combustibles in the kitchen, for an example. Fingers in the fridge. Eyeballs in the microwave. Bloody harpoon propped up against the Victorian-styled wallpaper. Mrs. Hudson never did get all the traces of pig blood removed, despite dabbing at it with cold water for over an hour. She took it out of their rent, of course. A silly gesture, really, muses Sherlock. Mrs. Hudson promptly rendered the censure useless, using it to purchase several items from Sainsbury for her boys.
"Private Holmes," Watson snaps, "This was a direct order, something that should be obvious to a genius. I'm not a tolerant man, nor a patient one; I would prefer to complete this exercise
"The left flank," John snickers, pinching soft flesh, "and then the right," slapping taut thigh. Sherlock squeaks, shrill as a dog's rubber chew toy.
John must subdue his baser instincts, his furiously feral hunger; the need to lick and bite and kiss and suck and fuck his gorgeous lover senseless.
An impressive spray of spittle arcs from Sherlock's tongue and adds to the profusion of body fluids. "Sir, yes Sir!" John twists his lover's ear viciously in warning. Sherlock whimpers. Christ, but the man is adorable.
Now that the first contest has an undisputed champion, they're off and running for the next challenge. It's a formidable test, a final determination to which one of them brandishes the biggest balls. In addition, this game's stakes are exponentially risky. Pun intended, his concession might be a game changer for their partnership.
" he spits, "or at least for the moment, in this chair. So listen up, you bloody egotistical blowhard. You. Will do. Exactly what I order you to do, and nothing else." John threads deceptively gentle fingers through his locks, and then yanks
The attempt is - dare he say, a waste of breathe? He thinks not, yet the fug of his own carcass is such that it's blocking out anything relevant. Being a stubborn clot, Sherlock pivots in place and tests all 360 degrees of the compass. He snuffles dog-like until woozy and close to passing out. Honestly, is one whiff of Orange and Bergamot body wash too much to ask for? The posh liquid soap is the one froofy indulgence John will tolerate. See, Sherlock first applied the Molten Brown collection (not all at once) during a secret experiment (what other type was there) on John. He correlated the data and charted John's unconscious arousal whilst exposed to body odour enhancement. In the end, ironically, John preferred Sherlock in Tobacco Absolute. It was Sherlock who relished a citrus-fresh Bergamot John.
Sherlock manoeuvres to his chair, smoothing his lapels with trembling fingers. Is it too much to straighten his cuffs? Yes, perhaps so. Instead, he sits down, lifting his right leg to cross it decisively over his left. The act's a statement: "I am calm, collected, and in control of the situation as it lies."
"Soldier?" the Captain whispers right in his ear. It surprises Sherlock, the Captain's body so very near to his. He hadn't even heard him change position. "I must make an inquiry, as per RAMC protocol" his voice soft but insistent, "and I expect you to answer truthfully - without exception." John's lips nibble along his ear's curving cartilage, sending Sherlock reeling. How the
"Do it, Private," The captain bawls. John's so fucking loud his poor eardrum throbs in protest. "I can tell you've not done it, so do it!"
you. If you're wrong," John warns, "punishment will be the loss of stimulation." Sherlock whimpers. "Ah, lad. But, if you succeed and deduce my next move correctly, I'll follow through, and give you everything you need and desire."
John should be ashamed, he really should. Despite his better nature, he does not. He feels clever and enlightened, catching a glimpse of something hidden up 'til now. His, brilliant narcissistic lover has wilted, a naughty child being scolded for rude behaviour. John supposes it's what people deem a guilty pleasure. He's getting off watching Sherlock submit. It's kind of...cute, really. John grows impossibly harder.
He can't help it. Private Holmes lets fly a snort. "Oh, I see," the captain snarls wolfishly, "you think its funny. No, you think
"Oi! I fancy spontaneity as much as the next bloke," John gripes, much affronted. "I am not some forty-something fuddy-duddy, thank you very much. It was your bastard of a brother's planting thirteen hidden cameras - mind, in the sitting room alone - that puts me off. Bloody perverted move for a stuffed shirt, yeah? Blame your brother, not my libido."
It's time to rein himself in, and get a move on. John swallows hard to clear his mouth - God forbid he should drool - He lifts his chin. Playtime's over.
"Sir?" the private begs, "I'm yours, and I'm ready." Soft currents of air brush up his thighs, circle around his toes, and sweep down to centre over his balls. "Captain?"
"I...ah. Well. I see. Wait, no I don't. Where exactly is all this," Sherlock's hands spin in opposite circles, "coming from?"
Sherlock nods sharply in defiance of John's tactics. "Private Holmes" will triumph one way or another. He's been dishonourably discharged, a consummately valid rationale to play dirty.
I am still not 100% back on my feet after Covid, unfortunately, and have also returned to teaching. Let me tell you, dear readers, it's a strangely  awkward thing to write sex scenes after reading "The very Hungry Caterpillar" to a Bambi-eyed class of preschoolers.
Whilst cautiously kneeing backwards off the couch, Sherlock pricks to a very odd sensation. His arse, the poor thing, is throbbing in time to his heartbeat. Pounding, really. A bizarre sensation, true, but not abnormal; it's due to capillary vasodilation triggered by John's thrashing. His flesh feels scalding hot, bubbling hot as Hell itself. His skin is likely coloured bright crimson, overtly perverse as a baboon's. It hurts so badly it that its good. How mortifying that such a disgraceful physiognomic state should be so fucking shamefully licentious. The dignified detective's all but gagging for it - no, he is. He wants to scream. Delete, delete, delete. The only issue of importance is to track down John and be bend over a chair and pounded raw.
"Alright. Alright. Fair enough, I believe you," John gargles, then clears his throat. "Very good, Private Holmes. I'm most pleased. Let's move on no we've established your willingness to serve," the captain coughs, "to serve the regiment. Very commendable, soldier. However, it's the only the first of many challenges you'll face."
"Captain Watson," Sherlock sighs reverently, "you've nerves of steel - no, that's an inadequate comparison. You're much better than that, you've nerves of magnesium alloy. You possess the steadiest hands I know, either in active battle or whilst stitching up a wound. Honestly, Sir, I find it gratifying to have your person at my side," he says, full lips quirking, "particularly in the midst of a potentially dicey stake-,
It's a silly bit of praise, but soothing nonetheless. Captain Watson is pleased by his performance. Sherlock's lips curve up in a smile.
John fumbles briefly with the lock release. The cuffs are stiff, being so new, and Sherlock is so bloody tall. The men each flash a grin at the definitive snapping open of the second lock. Sherlock flushes. He's undeniably jubilant at being freed.
"Only the best for you, darling," the captain coos. "And kudos for finally acknowledging my godlike sex skills.
Yet, the fact at hand is that his lover's brain's so muzzy that he's yielded his self-control without a fight. Hell's bells, wasn't that the plan in the first place, to hold the upper hand for once in their lives? Fuck it. Sherlock will survive. He may throw a wobbly after all's said and done, but who cares.
Sherlock stares blindly at the wall, visualizing the horrid brown wallpaper, an offence to the walls of his Mind Palace. "Yes Sir, sorry, Sir. I will forthwith proceed with my point. Ahem. Captain, during our very first introduction by...um...Lance Sergeant Stamford, I was dumbstruck, which, by the way, explains the wink. Your countenance radiates your candor, civility, and fine character. I deduce people, Sir. You know who I am. That's what I do.
Hard, goosey bumps now pebble his skin, one gilded filament of hair crowning each nodule. Apparently, Sherlock muses, even his sparse vellus hair is aroused.
Squatting, purses his lips and leans in, blowing hot air on to Sherlock's groin. "Oh!" the genius wails, just barely tamping down the instinct to thrust. Watson grins, pleased with the private's tightening pink balls. If Just a moment ago, his cock had seemed sad. Now, bollocks look cheeky and hopeful. "Please, John! Sir! Captain! Do it, bite my other cheek! Make a matching set!"
, have I met the terms of my penalty?" No, that sounds stupid. Sherlock flails for RAMC lingo and comes up short. "Will I now receive dispensation, Sir, or...or," Sherlock's tongue trips over his words. "Shall further -?"
John, Christ! Oh, fu..." He squirms and barely keeps from exploding off the bed from a sudden plethora of sensation. "John, John
Be that as it may, Sherlock Holmes is a supremely bossy git, and John is tired of giving in to his whims.
Sherlock's smile so is so malevolent he'd pull rank over Jack the Ripper. The genius's chest heaves, the effort of breathing all-consuming. Slowly, carefully, calculatingly, Sherlock tamps down his ire.
John throws back his head and roars, pelvis pumping furiously. Sherlock feels his lover's cock throb, and scorching liquid floods his centre. "Fuck, fuck. Sherlock, fuck, I love you so much. That was brilliant." He drops, forehead clunking carelessly on Sherlock's collarbone.
The genius is too spent to speak. The captain slips groaning from his body. Sherlock  softly kisses John's brow. His lips go moist with sweat. The genius licks it off, savouring the salty tang and nods weakly. "Gahhh."
He lets go. the condition being peculiarly peaceful. Sherlock's four unhindered senses seem to sharpen, now honed to full capacity. He's running on animal instinct.  Sherlock feels the heat of John's hand, meandering a mere inch over his flesh. Searching for the next target, perhaps?
“Nothing indiscreet. Nothing you’d feel uncomfortable with,” John purrs, “unless," his voice dropping to a whisper, he mouths, "that’s something that you like.”
Sherlock drops to the floor with a clunk. He clasps his hands together, not needing to be prompted. It's not fear that prompts Sherlock to place them over his front side. It's not the traditional arms-behind-your-back stance for being cuffed. His long graceful fingers begin trembling. He jerks, feeling each callused fingertip as it brushes against his aching balls.
deigned to turn around, he would have seen Sherlock's patrician nose flaring like a bull's facing a matador.
"Maybe, right now. Tell me truthfully, soldier," the finger delves deeper, "are you prepped and primed for hand-to-hand combat?" Sherlock's gone bye-bye. He can't speak a word one way or the other. In lieu of his failure, the private's cock offers a valiant salute.
John's cock is dripping way too much to considered anything other than obscene. Pre-cum is splattering all over the floor in decidedly decadent splotches. Abruptly it's all too much. He hears himself growling, delirious with lust and needing to
This time, John can't hold back. He laughs, laughs out loud, and his lover's fight or flight reflex sets him barreling at full throttle past John. To the doctor's immediate horror, Sherlock's ridiculously long legs are tangling; knees crossing, ankles bent. He's a salty human pretzel snapping into pieces.
This went waaaay outside my comfort zone. I've never written porn for the sake of porn, and Dom/sub porn - well, it's my first. Hopefully it didn't come across as cheesy!
know by now that I love you. Honestly, it's the only reason I tolerate all your nonsense. And," his light voice deepens seductively, "why I have something very special in mind."
Actual, honest-to god living breathing sexual shenanigans. This post may be a bit iffy, but, if I don't post something soon - anything, whatever - I'm going to crack.
"Sir, your actions testify to your personal high moral principles. That's a rarity in this day and age to witness, as both you and I are strongly aware. You're a confirmed crack shot, for which I owe you my life. Thank you, Sir," he swallows, "I fear I've not properly described my sheer gratitude up 'til now. Yes. Right. As well, this achievement is on par with your spot-on skill of slinging writing implements, this talent only recently observed by myself. Having said that, nonetheless, your preternatural ability to suss out my location is legendary." Did John just swallow a guffaw? A Consulting Detective would know at once, as it happened. Private Holmes himself, is not so sure.
"I thought," the doctor says, wrenching Sherlock's head back another two inches until his glazed and teary eyes are staring at the stained, watermarked ceiling, "I said to shut up."
"Is everything satisfactory with you, Private Holmes? Are you comfortable? Feel too tight or constricting, Sherlock?" Dr. John slips back out, he can't help it. He loves this man too much to cause him fear.
They form a salty slick of wetness. Some of Sherlock's sweat is seeping into the luscious crack of his arse. John wants to lick it. So he bends over and does exactly that. Sherlock's body jerks, spine arching for a rainbow effect. "Jo - Captain! Oh, my Lo - Captain Watson, Sir. My apologies, Sir, for having moved, Sir!"
Private Holmes lifts his hands, ashamed to be caught out. Being chastised by his commander for poor comportment? So soon? Nevertheless, Sherlock's not that sorry, it relieved his cock of a bit of pressure. "No-one, Sir. Sorry, Sir. It won't happen again, Sir," the detective voice melts from compliant, to simpering whinge. "Shall I be punished for such a breach of compornment?" Sherlock blanches, "Sir! That was a slip of the tongue, Sir! I meant to say, comportment?"
"Well, that is my hope. I shouldn't want to be labelled obtuse." John drops the items on the floor with a thunk, and Sherlock jumps. The captain eases slightly, assuming parade rest. "So spit it out, you fucking sexy
Sherlock's entire torso is heaving, his breathing harsh and raspy. Beads of perspiration are rolling down his back.
Private Holmes blanches with sudden awareness that John, damn the man; no, DAMN the man, never left. He's been dense as UHPC concrete since the game began. Mind Palace Mycroft uses the opportunity to jeer,
Sherlock's body kindles, combusting into a conflagration of desire. He's the jet fuel ejecting from a rocket. He's a bauble, displayed for John's entertainment.
"No matter, Captain, it's inconsequential as to where we fuck," Sherlock over-enunciates the 'k', "I thought you knew that by now. Besides, Anthea was perfectly happy reviewing the footage." This addendum to his admission propels John to squawking like a chicken. Sherlock tucks John's contrary reaction in his hard drive under 'John's Sexual Proclivities/Not Exactly Cricket". Feeling guilty not at all, Sherlock carps, "I'm only saying it because it's true."
John's frown deepens to a scowl. His artless role-play's gone wrong and he's now cursed with a split personality.
Sherlock pulls images from his mind palace and describes them in lascivious detail. Every detail, including the very last image of conjecture.
John's breathing is increasingly laboured. The man is standing right behind him. Something somewhere has to give. Sherlock's ready to offer everything he is, everything he has. He'll follow John Watson's command, no matter how ridiculous, now and until the end of his days. "Teach me the art of self-discipline, Captain. It's obvious now how much I need it. Yes, I see. You've had years of experience and I," he pleads, "have never achieved any success."
"Immensely so, Captain. Thank you. You always do take such good care of me," the genius whispers. "How is it that you
The flat stills. John has left the room, leaving behind a painfully ear-piercing silence. Sherlock wallows, tumbling in the void of John's wake. He's unhinged, uncoupled, drowning and/or freezing in the pools of John's eyes, dependent on his captain's mood. Shameful, evidence of bald incompetence, that. He's failed his calling in the military.
In a far back recess of Sherlock's Mind Palace are The Kinks, the aggressive electric guitar barging past his barriers. Vibrations accelerate up his brain stem to rattle his teeth.
The detective moves before it's obvious that he's balking. John's smile is a no more than a lethal baring of sharp teeth.
Also, mea culpa for the obscene length of time since my last update. I have struggled with a bizarre number of covid-19 symptoms for the last three months. How is it even scientifically possible to test negative after proven positive and still be affected? Two to three weeks, my ass!
It is pure lust now in control of Sherlock. His hips launch forward, a grind-thrust-and-wiggle plan of attack against John's most powerful prick. His precious blogger's cock is preternaturally (supernaturally) exquisite, Michelangelo couldn't sculpt one as fine. It's impressively thick. It's inexplicably long. It's pulsing along with the beat of John's heart, base animal need at the ready.
The detective whimpers, he can't help it. John is being so, oh how does Molly put it, a BAMF? Yes. John is behaving like a BAMF, and he, Sherlock, is not. Sherlock groans, and makes one further deduction. He wants it. He wants John to take charge. His cock is pressing rock hard against his pants, so full of blood that it actually hurts.
Okay, so started this at the middle of March. Forget what I wrote in the beginning notes. I fell ill April 5th and have been flat on my back ever since. I'm not considered as a test candidate for Covid-19 because I wasn't in primary contact with a doctor-diagnosed Covid-positive person. Thanks, government, good going. The CDC folks said I had it anyway.
On the other hand, I've been working 60 hours a week for a month and had two separate sinus infections in the same time frame. Oh, the joys of working in health care...
"Yes, Captain Watson, Sir?" Sherlock squeaks. His cock has never felt so hot or hard inn his life. Ever, ever,
"Control yourself, man! Christ, pay attention to something other than own sodding self. I expect, no, demand that all my men honour the Queen's Division Code of Conduct. No excuses, no exceptions, and no whinging about the lack of fresh milk. No stealing of my Christmas chocolate. No spouting obfuscating details about a case and assuming I understand what you're taking about. Oi! And that 'Look'! And, absolutely positively no TOENAILS ripped off corpses swimming in my great-aunt's copper tea kettle. In 20% hydrofluoric acid, you arse - 20%!" John swallows, trying to settle his temper. "And know this. The proviso goes triple for those up-market tarts who have...cheekbones, and impossibly gorgeous everything else."
"Oi!" John stamps his bare foot, unaware of Sherlock's finding it adorable. "Still with me, you bloody git?"
Sherlock pauses, weighing probable outcomes. Igniting his blogger's hair-trigger temper might, on balance...or maybe...Bugger. The amusement factor of John's whinging outclasses the likely retribution.  "You've seen her rapt expression, Ju...Captain. She's not chuffed over the weather."
Sherlock settles into his single seat cinema bench, circa 1963. Czechoslovakian, of course, of premium oak and strong plywood. A simple design, yet perfect for his needs. Lumbar support, and all that. Ah, the Mind Palace, specifically the lower ground floor cinema.
Also, please forgive me if I used "trump" awkwardly in the sentence. I've been dying to fit it in here somewhere!
His balls wither to the size of desiccated raisins, seeking the dubious protection of his groin. "Sir! Sorry, Sir!"
Sherlock lifts his nose and shuts his eyes, blindfold insignificant and thus deleted. He'll smell John out. First, Sherlock completely empties his lungs to draw vast quantities of air through his beak. Blast, but the sample's stale and unforgiving. A pesky plague of dust sticks to his nose hair, leaving his nostrils feeling clogged and crispy dry. It's uncomfortable, and Sherlock commands his transport not to sneeze. Data flows to his brain's limbic system. Useless data. Sherlock cringes, vowing to hoover more often, or crack a window.
"Private?" Captain Watson moves in close. He recognises when Sherlock's twigged to a clue. "Any new theories?" John's voice wobbles unsteadily, painfully erect penis too much to take.
. Knowledge is power. Just ask Mycroft. He blinks furiously whilst visually quantifying the ribbon's specs. Yes, so he sees. It's cut, not sewn; four and a quarter inches wide, impossible to quantify to an exact length. The warp and and weft, now, has rendered the fabric virtually opaque. On all counts, suitable for cloaking his eyes.
The doctor tolerates his lover's initiative for a bit. Frankly, Sherlock's cock is a biological wonder in its size, supernatural strength, and awe-inspiring, breath-taking beauty. John finds he can never get enough of the taste and the feel and the power.
The detective swallows hard, forcing down a bitter lump of shame. His guilt burns white hot, curdling up the acid in his stomach.
PWP. This summary's basically the whole plot in a nutshell; love, unquestioning and overwhelming trust, submission by consent, an obligatory dash of guilt and angst (and least but not last, two mind-blowing orgasms in the next chapter. Yeah, I know this is what you're all waiting for, and smut cometh nigh. I still need to go start on dinner).
"Ew! Stop talking about Mycroft, you're putting me off." John practically begs. "Shite, I think I just vomited a little in my mouth. Can we," the Captain wetly clears his throat, "
, not that you were listening, that I've finally found your kryptonite. Be advised, dear heart, that I intend on using it from now on."
"Shit," John groans, wetting his lips and whispering, "I need you, too. Shit, I love you so bloody much, luv, it's petrifying. I must have you, have to fuck you
Sherlock is doing a remarkable impression of an half-completed abandoned steel bridge which lost its funding. John's at a loss for what to do except keep going. Lifting, the captain centre his hands above his lover's sweaty sacrum. Sherlock loves when John toys with his bum. Mrs. Hudson flees to Speedy's to keep her sanity from the unseemly noises coming from their flat. Although, being on the smallish side for the common British man, Sherlock's prostate is deliciously sensitive. John delights in taking things slowly by teasing his fingers around the gland's edges. Sherlock tends to whinge, demanding that John hurry it up. More often than not, though, the doctor gives in.
"Corporal, that's enough for now. You were provoked, and as such, are relieved of any responsibility for your insubordination." He he goes. "Are you ready to make retribution for your prior transgressions, lad?"
“I’ll buy you whatever coat you want, love. What kind of coat do you want?” John asked, carrying Sherlock towards Bart’s as quickly as he could without jostling the man.
“You’ll be okay, John,” Sherlock said, more of a comfort to himself than anyone else. He held John tighter, sobbing as John started trembling violently in his grip.
When they finally parted minutes later, Sherlock slumped fully onto John, letting the man beneath him support his full weight. John laughed and pressed a soft kiss onto the side of Sherlock's neck, whispering a soft, “Tired, love?” Sherlock only nodded and hugged himself closer to John, burying his nose into John’s neck as best he could. “Well, what are you waiting for then? Up you get, it’s time to get ready for bed.” Sherlock let out a long sigh.
Thank you all for reading! I really appreciate all the sweet comments I've been getting recently, you guys are giving me life! Because, as you know, comments and Kudos keep me alive
“Sherlock, you don’t sound okay. You sound like the opposite of okay. I’m coming in, right now, and you can’t stop me,” John said through the door. Sherlock mentally cursed at himself as more tears burned tracks down his face.
“There’s an ambulance on the way, mate,” Lestrade said to John, squatting down and patting John on the shoulder, causing John to suck in a sharp breath. They may have dislocated his shoulder as well. Lestrade winced in sympathy, standing up and turning to shout orders to his team.
“What’re you thinking about?” John asked, stepping a bit closer to Sherlock, staring up at his face.
“Ah, finally! I thought you weren’t going to come out and kill him in the process!” The words were infused with fake cheer, but Sherlock saw them for what they were, oozing, bubbling, back sludge pouring from the Irishman's mouth.
“It’s quite childish of you to not call me by my name, you know,” Sherlock said as if they were just having a regular chat together. Samael giggled manically, his face falling into a dangerous expression just seconds later.
His red-rimmed eyes were sending warning signals through his mind, and when Sherlock took a deep breath, his lip trembling ever so slightly, they sounded even louder.
“Sherlock!” John shouted, panting and struggling wildly in Lestrade’s grip. Just feet in front of him was Sherlock, tied up and being dragged away against his will. They had his hands tied behind his back and were dragging him backwards, pulling his arms behind his back too far, most likely dislocating Sherlock’s shoulders.
It had happened too fast and at the time, everything blurred together, but after the incident, Sherlock remembered everything about it. He had been standing with Lestrade, discussing details of the case, when he saw John flinch and frown out of the corner of his eye. Sherlock’s head snapped in John’s direction as the man rubbed at his neck, eyebrows furrowing when he pulled a tiny dart out of the side of his neck.
“Please, John! Help!” Sherlock said, his voice muffled and slurred from the gloved fingers covering his mouth.
He dressed quickly, trying to ignore the fact that, despite forcing himself to eat three meals a day, he was still slowly losing weight. The idea of going to the gym had been looming in his mind for the past few weeks, for he was starting to feel that familiar itch to gain back all of the muscle mass he had lost, but he never seemed to make time for it, letting it slip from his mind until the moments he was too busy to do anything about it. Sighing again, John brushed his teeth before taking some painkillers for his still-throbbing head. Shrugging his coat on, he took one last look around the flat for that morning before heading out the door for his short walk to work.
“Well,” Sherlock began, shrugging one shoulder. “Shouldn’t you be angry with me? I killed myself right in front of you, I left you alone to grieve, and now I’m back without warning, showing up to your flat and you just forgive me? Just like that?”
“Well, little Sherlock realized something quite quickly: he had feelings for this Trevor kid, and suddenly nothing was okay anymore,” Mycroft said quietly, backing Sherlock into a chair where the detective collapsed, giving in to his urge to curl in on himself. “He was okay with the deduction, the quick thinking, and how it set him apart from his peers. But being gay was just a little too much for him, a little too different. He didn’t need another way to become an outcast, did he?” Mycroft asked, receiving no answer from the ball of detective on the chair.
Gathering all his will, Sherlock tried once more to push himself off the ground, partially succeeding this time, standing up halfway before leaning against the wall for support, breathing deeply and trying to ignore the swimming in his head. “Sherlock, I told you not to move! Don’t make this harder for us,” Lestrade begged, tightening his grip on his gun.
“John, why are you afraid of me?” Sherlock said softly, slumping back against the wall, unable to filter his thoughts. It was true, though, and he could tell even in his exhausted, dehydrated state. Usually John would rush to him, ask him if he was okay, admonish him for being such an idiot.
Rubbing his eyes and groaning, John watched the retreating shadows of five men with a blurry gaze, trying to push himself off the ground, urging himself to ignore the pain and follow them.
Sherlock shuddered against John and squeezed his eyes shut to stop the tears of joy threatening to spill over.
“Sherlock, do you. . .” he trailed off and cleared his throat before saying, “do you need to talk about it at all? It might help you if you, uh, well. You know. I’m here for you. If you need me at all.” John coughed awkwardly, trying to ignore the fact he completely bungled the sentence. Sherlock, somehow, hadn’t seemed to notice the mistake. He was staring off into the distance, worrying his bottom lip between his teeth, tears still threatening to spill over onto his raised cheekbones. John cleared his throat, knocking Sherlock out of his head and back into the present. Blinking a few times, Sherlock stared at John, eyebrows furrowed and face tense.
“Why can’t I come with you?” John said, anger starting to build steadily in his chest. He waited for a few seconds, and when Sherlock didn’t answer, he snapped. “Why the fuck can’t I come with you? Who the hell is going to hurt me? What’s going on, Sherlock?” Sherlock’s face crumpled in an instant, tears streaming down his face, his bottom lip quivering.
John could feel himself getting faint, could feel himself starting to sway on his feet, and had just enough time to squeeze out, “Sh- Sherlock…” before he was collapsing, passing out in the arms of the man he had needed most of all.
“I have to comfort John. I have to help him. He needs to understand I didn’t do anything wrong,” Sherlock mumbled, pushing himself up into an upright position, still panting heavily.
All traces of exhaustion gone, Sherlock stands up, fighting back tears, and rushes to the bathroom, throwing the door shut behind him. John, still standing confused in the living room, goes over and presses his hand up against the door. “Sherlock?”
“You smell like warmth. And happiness. And- and…” he seemed to drift off a little bit, before saying, “I feel a bit tired, John. I think I should sleep. Do you mind?” He asked, before giggling and shaking his head, snaking his arms tighter around John. “Of course you don’t, you’re John. You love it when I sleep.” John’s breath hitched, and he sped up a little bit, his gaze starting to blur.
. I can’t tell you the last time that happened.” John took a bite of his food and nearly groaned at the taste. It was all he could do to stop himself from shoveling forkful after forkful of food into his mouth (as he knew that it would be a little too much for his stomach to take), letting the flavors settle over his tongue in the way that he remembered from before The Fall. He glanced up at Sherlock and frowned when he saw the man was just playing with the food on his plate, pushing it around with his fork, barely eating any of it. His face looked pale and ashen. “Sherlock? What’s-”
Sebastian Moran had known what he was doing when he kidnapped Sherlock, pumped him full of cocaine, and dropped him back on the doorstep of Baker Street, leaving him in John’s capable hands. Sherlock seemed euphoric, his eyes wide, his pupils blown, nearly swallowing his ice blue irises completely with black. John gritted his teeth, knowing that this was not Sherlock's doing, and pulled the man off the front steps, leading him into their flat.
John was tied tightly to a chair with an exorbitant amount of rope, and Sherlock was lying sideways on the cold floor a little ways away, his hands shackled uncomfortably behind him. When he scanned the room and saw the face of a maniacally grinning man lurking in the shadows, his stomach dropped into his feet.
Everyone assumed it was because of the adventures, the sword fights, the treasure, the thrill of being out on the open sea in a boat of his own. That was a minute part of it. He wanted the closeness, the camaraderie that being a pirate would bring to him. His crew wouldn’t care if he was a little smarter than they were, for it would just aid them in getting more gold, more treasure. They would love him, and he would love them, and everything would be okay.
“You’ve managed to summon my very jealous, very strong boyfriend, so good on you for that. But,” Sherlock said, turning towards John, “I do not need you here John. I’ve got this under control, it’s best you leave before-“
Sherlock stood up, tears welling up in his eyes, his hands raising into a defensive position. “John, it’s me, Sherlock. I’m your flatmate, your partner, remember?” Sherlock asked, nearly pleading. He hated the delirium, hated that it made John momentarily forget who he was. John’s hands clenched angrily in the blankets, and Sherlock bit his lip hard enough to draw blood.
“John,” Greg ground out, fighting hard to keep John in his grip. “They have a gun and I can’t let you run after them! Stop fighting me, you idiot!” John didn’t listen, could only hear Sherlock screaming and groaning in pain, his feet scrabbling for purchase on the dusty ground, trying to stop the men from pulling him any further.
“Shhh, Sherlock, you’re panicking, can you breathe with me please? Will you do that for me?” Sherlock, his eyes clenched shut, nodded and let John lead him through a breathing exercise. What felt like minutes, hours, days, years later Sherlock’s breathing was back to normal, his hand held tightly to John’s chest. “Feeling better, yeah?” Sherlock nodded and sniffed, rubbing at his tear-stained face with his free hand.
At the first stroke of John’s hands through his hair, Sherlock feels like he could sob. All of the lonely feelings that had been building up for months, living by himself, rarely seeing John, not having many other friends to talk to, he had gotten used to being lonely.
“I believe you, Sherlock. Can you tell me why I smell like home?” John asked, trying to keep his voice calm.
“You aren’t a mess and you are definitely not a failure, ‘Lock,” John said, rubbing his hands comfortingly over Sherlock’s back. “You’re doing everything you can, and you’re working yourself to exhaustion just to do that. It’s a tough case, and it’s been hard on you, especially because… well, I know how cases with children tend to distress you more than others. You’re doing your best, have been doing your best for the past few days. Don’t you think it’s time to take a break?” John could feel Sherlock shake his head against his chest.
“Sherlock, shhh, calm down for me, please. Who’s in the corner?” Sherlock turned his panicked gaze toward John for a second before looking back to the corner, his body trembling.
“What the hell happened?” John asked, wasting no time in cutting away Sherlock’s pant leg, throwing it over his shoulder carelessly. “I thought this was supposed to be an easy case with an easy takedown!” He started cleaning the wound with as much care as he could, but Sherlock gasped and winced nonetheless, gripping John’s shoulder roughly with one of his blood stained hands.
It didn’t take him long to find the small, rickety door at the side of the building and creep in, listening intently for voices and signs of danger. His ears perked up when he heard faint voices, and as he crept closer, he started to make out what they were saying.
“Christ,” John said, settling down in his chair to eat, a grin on his face, “I actually want to eat. I’m
It wasn’t a far leap to figure out how they had been led up to this moment, being chased by criminals through a dense forest, the criminals shouting bloody murder at them. Sherlock and John had showed up at their secret laboratory, burned it to the ground, and started running before they had the chance to be captured. The men were persistent, and had chased the men deep into the woods where the foliage was thick and gnarled tree roots stuck up from the ground.
“John,” Sherlock said, gasping and shaking against John. “I don’t want to alarm you, but I think I’ve been shot.” He gasped again, and his legs seemed to give out. John barely caught him in time, trying to force words of comfort out of his mouth but unable to push them past the panic. When John grabbed him, Sherlock let out a pained moan and dug his fingers into John’s shoulders. “Yep, I’ve-” Another gasp. “Definitely been shot. Twice. Once in the-” A deep, shuddering breath. “Once in the right shoulder, once in my hip. Too bad-”
“Yes,” John said lowly, placing his other hand on Sherlock’s face, framing the pale, sharp, beautiful thing in his large, warm, tan hands. Sherlock continued babbling as if he hadn’t heard John’s answer.
Thank you all for reading! This one isn't my favorite thing in the whole world, but I hope all of you enjoyed it! Thank you for being your awesome selves!
John threw the blood-soaked gauze away, then pulled out some cotton and doused it in rubbing alcohol, grimacing apologetically at Sherlock. “This’ll hurt ‘Lock, sorry,” he said, pressing a soft kiss to Sherlock’s forehead before beginning to disinfect his wound. Sherlock hissed in a breath and squeezed his eyes shut, digging his fingers tightly in the couch cushions, reciting the digits of pi in a feeble attempt to distract himself.
“Don’t move, Sherlock,” Lestrade gritted out, stepping slightly closer to Sherlock. As they got closer, Sherlock could see them clearer than before. It was obvious that Lestrade was hesitant to be pointing a gun at him, and John had unshed tears shining in his eyes. Sherlock didn’t listen to Lestrade and moved to push himself up again, when Greg shouted, “Don’t fucking move, Sherlock Holmes!”
“I think that I want your coat, John. It smells like you. Like home. I bet you didn’t even know you smelled like home,” Sherlock said, curling into John, groaning at the pain it causes him. John held him tighter, willing the tears not to run. “Well, I’m telling you right now. You smell very home-y.”
“Of course I meant it, John,” Sherlock whispered hoarsely. “I’ve never meant anything more in my entire life.” John could hear the smile in his voice as he moved his head slightly closer to John’s, causing his breath to fan pleasantly against John’s cheek. A deep sigh came from Sherlock, and John felt a warmth spreading in his chest at the sound. It was beautiful. Everything about Sherlock was beautiful. “God, John,” Sherlock said slowly, “I wish you could feel what I’m feeling right now. I’m consumed with thoughts of you, you have become my entire existence.” John nodded, distantly realizing that he was starting to understand just what Sherlock meant by. His physical proximity was intoxicating, and John was starting to feel drunk on Sherlock. His body heat, his voice, his scent, his everything. All other thoughts drifted away, and John was left with only Sherlock.
“Fuck you,” the man said, nearly struggling to breath from John’s weight pressing down on his back. “Fuck both of you, and fuck everything you stand for.” John could practically hear the sneer in his voice and pressed his face even harder against the ground. “I didn’t do anything wrong. I was simply getting revenge.” He was getting harder to understand. “You know what? I’m so glad I shot-” he was cut off by Sherlock slamming his foot down on the ground, centimeters away from the man’s nose.
Now he’s kneeling on the floor, ripping through the debris covering the floor, hoping that John was somewhere in there, alive (please
Short, calloused fingers nimbly wrapped a bandage around Sherlock’s forearm with a softness that Sherlock could never get tired of, and a beat later, John asked, “How does that feel?” Sherlock swallowed hard, moving his arm back and forth, testing the bandage.
“I won’t give you my pity, Sherlock. But just know that I accept you for who you are, and that includes what you did when you were younger. Okay?” John said quietly, holding his detective tightly as he started sobbing and trembling for the second time that night.
“You have a broken knee, and maybe even a broken shin. You can’t run like this,” John said, adrenaline starting to run rampant through his body.
“All done disinfecting, Sherlock,” John said softly, breaking him out of his stupor. “You need stitches, though. Do you need me to numb your face?” Sherlock shook his head no, not trusting himself to open his mouth. John nodded, wasting no time on ripping open the package of nylon thread already threaded through a sharp, curved needle, grabbing it carefully with his needle holder. Starting at Sherlock’s forehead, John carefully inserted the needle into his skin, pulling it out through the wound, then inserting it back through the wound and pulling it through the skin on the other side. Sherlock hissed once more at the pain, but kept his teeth clenched and suffered through it. John carefully tied the knot on the first stitch, cut the excess thread, inspected the stitch carefully, then moved on to the next one, following the exact same procedure.
In a blur of motion, the young man takes a mobile phone out of his pocket and slams his thumb down on one of the buttons, causing alarms to blare seconds later. Sherlock groans and rubs his hands over his face, grabbing John around the wrist and pulling him close, ignoring the now-trembling man in the room. He had dropped his gun, anyways, and wasn’t actually going to use it.
“Then, I knew it would take you some time to fully forgive me,” Sherlock continued, becoming frantic, his fingers threading roughly through his hair. “I had caused you so much grief, the least I could do was let you take it out on me. Despite my return you still fucking proposed to Mary, and then on top of all of that, you asked me to be your best man at your wedding.” He let out a broken laugh, his fingers tightening in his hair, just short of pulling on it. John was frozen in his seat, itching to move, but not quite sure what to do.
Sherlock immediately began to struggle against his attacker, jerking his shoulders from side to side, trying to kick the man in the shins. However, Sherlock was sleep deprived and his muscles were weaker than normal, and he was overpowered by the stranger easily. Trying to take in a deep breath so he could shout, scream, something, but his attacker tightened his arm uncomfortably over Sherlock’s chest, restricting him from taking in a lungful of air.
Sherlock burst into the doors of New Scotland Yard with John on his heels, breathing heavily, eyes scanning frantically over the room. His eyes landed on Lestrade and he hurried over the man, grabbing him by the forearms and pulling him closely, quietly asking, “Do you have her? Dear God, Lestrade, please tell me you have her.” Lestrade opened his mouth then snapped it shut, looking over Sherlock’s shoulder to where John was, a pained expression on his face. Sherlock shook his head in disbelief, his eyes widening.
Sherlock pulls him back up and bears the majority of his weight, nearly carrying him and throwing them both into the black Sedan as it pulls up in front of the building. They promptly collapse against each other, their breathing ragged and uneven.
When John walked up into 221b Baker Street, shopping in his hands from a late-night trip to the shops, he was met with the scene of Sherlock standing near the window, cane gripped loosely in his hand. He was still, his back turned to John, and John could tell that he was deep in thought but still knew that John had entered the flat.
Faintly, he realized that was a bit not good, but when he felt Sherlock’s hands press roughly against the wound on his leg he hissed in another sharp breath and swore again, groaning from the pain that he could feel creeping into his knee, his shin, his hip.
“Ah, finally, I’ve been given the great honor of meeting Doctor Watson himself!” The giant burly man said, cracking his knuckles and looming over John menacingly. “I have been waiting for a very long time for this, I have.” John gritted his teeth and pushed himself into a standing position, getting ready to fight the man in front of him.
“Are you alright, John?” Sherlock asked timidly, scooting closer to John while promptly ignoring the glass littering the floor. John just smiled and moved his good arm up and cupped Sherlock’s face, caressing his thumb over his cheekbone.
“Stop it!” John said, panic fully seeped into his voice, the legs of the chair sliding around on the ground with sharp scraping sounds. Lifting his head slightly, Sherlock could see tears forming in John’s eyes through his shaky vision, could see his chest heaving with ragged breaths.
“Another day,” John mumbled, his eyes fluttering open and landing on the skull still on the mantel. “Just another day without him.” Emotions welled up within him, and he let out a shaky breath, drumming his fingers on his thighs. It was getting easier, it really was. He no longer cried himself to sleep (those few nights that he
“You could kill me,” Sherlock said, his voice monotone and all together uninterested in everything. John gritted his teeth and clenched his fists. Sherlock continued. “You’re obviously getting annoyed with me, so if you kill me, both of our problems are solved, easy as that. Although-”
Well, this is it my friends, the end!! I sincerely hope you enjoyed coming along on this adventure with me, I know I enjoyed it!! I love and appreciate all of you for sticking with me through this! If you'd like to leave a comment and a Kudos for me, well, what a good parting gift that would be <3
Whispering a quick ‘I love you’ against Sherlock’s bare skin, John closed his eyes, certain that Sherlock was asleep and didn’t need John awake anymore.
“Of course I’ll stay with you, Sherlock. Is there anything in particular that you need?” John asked, grabbing Sherlock’s thin violinist hands and holding them between his sturdy doctor hands. Sherlock opened his mouth and snapped it back shut again, not sure what he should say. He had never thought he’d actually ask the question, let alone get this far with anything.
“I watched you marry her,” Sherlock choked out, as if his throat was starting to close around his words. “You looked so happy, so in love, and I still had to stay and play a piece that I wrote for you for your first dance. It was fucking torture, but I stayed because I loved you, still love you so much, and you needed me there to be the happiest you could be.” Something in that admission niggled in the back of John’s mind, but he was too busy trying to figure out what to do. “I was expecting to come back to that, John, and I knew that I deserved it, so why isn’t it happening?” John, as if his joints finally unfroze themselves, found himself able to move and wasted no time in rushing over to Sherlock, falling to his knees in front of the man’s chair, gently pulling his clenched hands out of his hair.
“Sherlock? Sherlock, can you hear me? Do you have a fever?” John said, kneeling beside Sherlock’s bedside, reaching out a hand to place it against his damp forehead. Right before he could make contact, Sherlock’s head jerked to the side as he let out another low moan. John felt his stomach filling up slowly with dread as he dropped his hand to his side. John knew what was happening; it was a nightmare. Just a simple bad dream. But John knew that wasn’t quite it. God, he couldn’t tell you how much of his life was robbed from him by nightmares. He knew just what they could do to a person, especially ones of this intensity. The pain in John’s chest got worse, somehow.
“Looks like you might be left with a bit of a nasty scar, though.” It was a simple throw away comment, but when Sherlock heard it, his head kicked into gear and threw him into doubt.
“John!” Sherlock shouted, genuine fear lacing his voice. John was out of his seat and bursting through Sherlock’s door in seconds, eyebrows furrowing when he was met with only Sherlock sitting up in bed, covered in sweat. His hands were clenched tightly in the sheets and his chest was heaving, his face pale.
After that first book, he researched and researched, his chest feeling empty at the lack of Mycroft’s presence in the library. In every book he read, it was obvious the point of a pirates crew. They were there to protect each other, give each other company, watch each other’s backs. He could always feel a sense of family while reading about the pirates, and that’s when Sherlock decided that he wanted to be one. He desperately wanted to be a pirate.
“Alright, budge up,” John said, nudging Sherlock’s knee with his foot, his hands washed and full of medical supplies for Sherlock’s face. Stifling a sigh, Sherlock pulled himself up into something resembling an upright position, tilting his face up so John could reach it easily. John wasted no time in mopping up the extra blood that was slowly dripping down Sherlock’s face and onto his neck, careful to avoid irritating the wound itself.
“In the nightmare, we’re at Baker Street having a relaxing afternoon together. I’m in the third person, so I can see both of us and I can’t really control myself. You’re typing up a case for your blog, and I’m comfortably settled at the table, leaning over my microscope. Then, in a flash of darkness, Moriarty shows up and he- he. . .” Sherlock’s voice faltered and tears gathered in his eyes once more. John gave his hands a squeeze and he continued. “He always gives me a gun with this- this sick grin on his face and tells me that if I don’t put a bullet in your heart he’ll kill the both of us. I-I can usually stop myself, and I never shot you before, but tonight I just couldn’t and I raised the gun and I- I. . . I’m so sorry John,” Sherlock said, barely getting his sentence out before a torrent of tears rolled down his face and his shoulders started shaking with intense sobs.
When he heard a loud commotion in the alley, he was there in seconds, bursting out the door and into the cold. As soon as he was out there, his vision seemed to turn red.
It had never really been a secret that Sherlock wasn’t good at taking care of himself. Well, that wasn’t quite true; it’s not that he couldn’t do it, or that he wasn’t good at it, he just didn’t care enough to do it. To him, his body was just transport and nothing more, something useless that held his big, brilliant brain and slowed down when he didn’t give it what it wanted when it wanted it. He got by on what little food, water, and sleep he could without being too weak to chase criminals, or too tired to not be able to think properly. Too many times John had caught a glimpse of ribs showing prominent beneath the skin on his torso, or the deep, dark bags under his eyes from lack of sleep. Recently though, he had gotten a little worse.
“Good morning, sleeping beauty!” He said, the tone of his voice enough to make John shudder involuntarily.
So, he just sat there and hoped that Sherlock would notice he was gone, and that he’d be able to deduce where he was.
“I’ve already told you, I don’t have what you want, and killing me won’t do you any good,” Sherlock said, and as John crept up to the doorway, could see Sherlock lean forward in the chair just the slightest bit. “So how about you listen to me and put that thing down before someone shows up to fetch me.”
A few minutes later, Sherlock is quiet. A little too quiet, but John barely notices, too busy telling a very funny story to Lestrade, his brain muddled by alcohol.
