"Um. Yeah," John muttered, feeling a little stunned by Sherlock's directness. "The…uh, the gay thing."
“Maybe not say that on an unsecured phone?” John suggested, his mind rapidly cataloguing years of illegal and morally dubious acts. He went to Rosie’s door and carefully peeked inside. His toddler daughter was sleeping soundly in her crib, surrounded by an army of stuffed animals. He crept inside and closed the curtains at the window, looking out briefly to see if anything was unusual in the neighborhood. His street was dark and quiet, bare trees rustling in November wind, brown leaves skittering down the sidewalks.
Who can nurse on two beers all night….” John’s eyes popped open. He stopped speaking suddenly and began rocking back and forth. “Get out. Right now. Go away.”
Harry took his hand and shook firmly. “How do you do?” Harry, Sherlock noted with surprise, was taller than John. Yet, he concluded she was younger. Well-off, steadily employed, a professional job. Her hair was a predictable, instantly forgettable bob, colored ginger with bold with gold highlights. Fake hair color. Naturally, she was a dirty blond, like John. Her right-off-the-rack department store pant-suit oozed non-threatening, corporate career woman.  She was average in every way.  Like John.
was far too direct. Far too personal for a first meeting, the first few minutes of knowing someone. No, she came here with an agenda of her own. A fact-finding mission. He drummed his fingers impatiently on the table. Well. This was doomed to failure. “I see,” he said evenly.
Sherlock was not capable of looking John in the eye.  "Please leave." There was no anger in his voice. He couldn't possibly  be angry when he felt so sick. He felt eyes all over his body, judging  him. He was naked.
someone at the back door,” Sherlock dismissed, closing his eyes again. “I told you. Just don’t open it and we’ll be fine.”
Sherlock said, “John, just because your sterility has made you feel inadequate doesn’t mean you should devote your life to the care of a disabled child. If you feel ethically compromised by taking advantage of my brother’s help, we can go on a waiting list.” He perked up, leaning back so he could look John in the face. “It will give us time to get the house in order. I’ve been meaning to ask you if you were interested in taking parenting classes. I don’t know the first thing about warming bottles or changing diapers…what?”
Harry paused when Billy returned to the table with a pad and pen. “Sorry it took me so long to get over here,” he apologized. “It’s so busy. What can I get for you two?”
It was instinctive. To step forward. To want to touch Sherlock, embrace him and...but the motion died almost immediately when John's movement drew Sherlock's attention. Sherlock's eyes found John. And the way that Sherlock very subtly…very subtly…shrank back, eyes wide made John shrink back as well. The two men only briefly looked at each other, both expressions uncertain, but in that instant John knew everything he needed to know:
"I wasn't sure how to proceed," Sherlock said. "Anyway, I came out to John in confidence. He outed me in the middle of a crime scene in front of the entire homicide team. It was
"Fine. I assure you I can carry on  better without you distracting me." Sherlock's hands fidgeted in  his scarf tails. "I promise not to contact you again outside a true  emergency, whatever that might be." With that, he briskly turned away  and fled into the crime scene.
was where Mycroft really excelled. He wasn't content in waiting for  clues to reveal themselves when he could
There wasn't officially a missing person's case because John hadn't had a fixed address in over a year. He'd moved out of the hostel weeks ago. No one knew why. In fact, no one really remembered a John Watson.
Molly, confusion in her expression, looked back and forth between John and Lestrade. "What are you talking about? What blog?"
He gave him the fake, but was pleased all the same that the younger Sherlock swallowed it so readily and without a struggle.
"Sherlock," John sighed. "That's not the point." He followed Sherlock towards the front door. "Besides. Um. There's something I need to tell you. Something strange happened to me today."
But now the case was solved. A rapist was in jail. All those bottled up feelings came out in a rush. The relief was tangible. Two men who hadn't let one emotion escape for nearly four weeks now laughed so hard that nervous tears streamed down their faces. John was surprised to see even Sherlock weeping as he laughed, face red, anxiety released, and he privately wondered if Sherlock's psychopathy was a talent he'd learned and perfected over time rather than a condition he was born with.
recovery, my own coping mechanisms for the PTSD and the survivor's guilt. But all I felt was an overwhelming sense of normalcy. Punctuated by moments of déjà vu. I wasn't
Sarah  was horrified. "Don't let people hear you talk like that. I don't…I  don't care if…I don't care, don't you have any sense of  self-preservation? I mean….can't youlie? Can't you at least pretend  you're sorry?"
They didn't stop to  pester him. They continued walking. They chuckled to each other and  continued to mock him, their voices growing distant and mercifully  inaudible…but not before Sherlock heard one asking the other if they  thought Sherlock was here for his monthly AIDS test.
"Oh, God, no, I wouldn't even ask. The guy's my friend, my boss, my flat mate…and you want me to share a bedroom with him? I can barely share a refrigerator with him. You won't believe what he keeps in there. I won't tell you."
Sherlock said kindly, “John. John, I’m sorry. Are they sure? Many causes of male sterility can be reversed by simple behavioral modifications or surgery…”
"But she treats me for…," and here, John lowered his voice, even though they were alone in the waiting room, "…my…
it. Because you were still angry with him. Angry for breaking up your marriage…by having an affair with your ex-wife Clara.” He hesitated. “Probably during a leave between deployments.”
What were the odds of convincing Mycroft to surrender their parents country estate? After all, Mycroft had a flat in the city and only went to the old house in the summer and sometimes on the holidays.
John laughed, sitting down beside him. “You’re a genius! You’re brilliant! I’ll be related to my own baby! I won’t have to resort to a commercial surrogate! This…this is perfect! In every way.”
John watched them go, unable to follow. No one looked at John or questioned that he didn't go with them. He watched them until they went around the corner.
It took John a moment to realize she was talking about the rainbow flag. "It's embarrassing," John said. "Who decided on rainbow colors for gay pride? Couldn't they have picked something with more dignity?"
Separating the BSU from the  lobby was a solid steel door with a card reader that would remained  locked until visiting hours started. There was a booth with a  plexi-glass window to buzz staff in and out, manned by a black nurse  that watched John intently. John had tried to talk his way into the BSU  before it opened and she had firmly shut him down.
any of those things. I have no desire to have a boyfriend. I have no desire to participate in those…certain sex acts…even if I do find them appealing in some abstract way. I can't control my sexual orientation, but I can certainly control my behavior and I am not just some mindless, pleasure-craving junkie and I'm not coming out. I'm not coming out." Sherlock scowled. "Why are you laughing!?"
" All at once, he felt himself trembling with emotion. "Fake the sex. Smile for the photos. Watch the kids grow up and then wait for me to die.
Sherlock said carefully, “When John came home from Afghanistan and he couldn’t find a place to live, it wasn’t that he
He had two cigarettes in his mouth simultaneously. He sucked on them like he needed them to breathe.
It carried on for longer than it should. The hours dragged on and the patrons trickled out until the "closed" sign was turned on the door and most of the chairs were on the tables. But Sherlock and John remained, kept pouring the wine. Sherlock, it seemed, had it in good with the owner. Another named cleared, so it seemed, which amused John to no end. Everybody in the respectable world hated Sherlock and called him a psychopath. But the petty criminals, the homeless, the drug addicts, even the crooked restaurant owners with shady gambling pasts; they all spun stories about the legendary Sherlock Holmes, about the favors he'd done them. He was their patron saint, the saint of freaks.
can go home to my empty house with my ruined body so I can sleep in my bed, all by myself, hugging my now-empty belly?”
Startled, Sherlock felt himself pinned. He didn’t know what to do. John’s mouth was persistent. His kiss was close-mouthed, but very aggressive. Bruising. He wanted it to stop. He hated it. Sherlock was uncomfortable and miserable, and he was also aware he was going to remember this forever, and what a horrible, embarrassing thing to have to carry for the rest of his life. He was angry at John and also sad for him.
would signify the end. So Sherlock put both arms around John and squeezed firmly, tucking John’s face into his throat. It was both revolting and…strangely…wonderful. It pleased Sherlock that the crown of John’s head fit nicely below his chin. John was the perfect height. He didn’t know what to do with his hands. As his palms smoothed over John’s back, he felt like he was feeling too much of John. Like all that touching should be wrong. It wasn’t just fabric under his skin, it was
Harry shrugged. “I’ve heard…a lot of different versions in the past two years. Clara can’t keep a story straight. She’s said…he called, she went to his hotel to keep him company and what started out as a little friendly-family affection got out of hand. She’s also told me she took him out to a pub to cheer him up and they started drinking and she doesn’t remember
Sherlock said, "I think John is capable of hurting himself. I think that he's desperate and irrational. I think that he's been damaged since Afghanistan, that he's been suffering in silence all this time! Remember your story about the dog video? About wishing that anyone loved him? A rejection of this magnitude, after we've concocted this life plan…" He looked crushed. "God, I've promised him
…is to be called an 'idiot'." John nodded emphatically, not even noticing Lestrade forcing him to sit down. "If that's the life for you…if you like being called stupid…if that motivates you, if that's your idea of friendship…you know…he's all yours." John put up his hands. "I don't want that life anymore."
Sherlock did a self-check. He started again, this time more slowly and more calculated and with a softer tone; "Good morning, Greg."
John had something smart to say in reply, but he let it go and instead gave a brotherly pat on Sherlock's arm.
, he's such a bastard. Why couldn't I just have a row with him like a normal bloke? He called me an idiot, he was rude to my girlfriend. He's such an inconsiderate asshole and a prick and
for him to be sad and depressed…!" At  that moment, the driver pried John's hands off the door. "London's full  of blood stains and murder weapons and crime scenes and it's all waiting  for him! London is waiting for him!" Then the door slammed shut.
John fished out his phone and dialed the hospital frantically. He talked to ten different people, transferred again and again.
Harry looked away wistfully. "I'm really not…ready to be a mom. It's not for me. I do want to look into my own kids eyes and have him or her look back at me and call me 'Mummy.' I think that's fair. Maybe a few weekends a month? An extended vacation now and again?"
John put up his coat on the rack once  he stepped through the door. "What?" His cheeks were red. It wasn't  from the cold.
Sherlock said, "If you're related to the baby and I'm not, you might feel that you'll have more right to the baby than me because it's 'yours' and not 'ours'."
"The point of my…," John struggled to say what he was thinking, mostly because he was frustrated he needed to articulate it at all.
Sherlock said seriously, “I’m so glad you’re alright. You have no idea. This may be the worst night of my life."
find a way to turn it off!" He went to their kitchen table and picked up one of the chair and flung it at the mirror in a rage. The chair didn't quite make it to the fire place and it landed in the middle of the sitting room. "It wasn't my idea in the first place!"
"Why shouldn't I?" John said glibly. "I might be standing in front of the love of my life. And I'm standing here, the wrong sexual orientation. You won't even give me a chance." He flopped his hands at his side in helplessness. "For all I know…just one little experiment and I'll find I really
"I  think about suicide compulsively," Sherlock confessed emotionlessly, his  words eerily enhanced by that unnatural smile. "I fantasize about it. I  didn't used to be like this." With that, Sherlock finally shifted in his seat,  turning to face Molly mechanically with dead eyes and a happy mouth. "When you're  holding a fist full of pills on your bathroom floor, what do you tell  yourself? What do you say so you can put on a brave face and go to  work?"
Sherlock’s coffee came quickly and he was pleased to have it. His hands went cold quickly and now he wrapped them around the warm mug. He brought it to his lips and sipped.
And so Sherlock stopped kicking, stopped trying to claw his way out of the boot. Because statistically,
The illusion of intimacy was shattered instantly. “Woah!” Sherlock drew back violently, wide-eyed. He scrambled off the couch and banged his knee against the coffee table, sending papers and books toppling over, but Sherlock continued to limp away in a panic until he had fled halfway across the room. “What are you doing?!” he demanded.
"I can become more self-aware," Sherlock rambled. "I can restrain my behavior further, retrain my mind. Instead of rejecting my sexuality outright, I can re-direct it." His voice was resolute.
John backed up only a hair. “Of course you’re gay,” he said matter-of-factly. “You never wanted kids until I said something.”
family influence, and that's how you planned to make yourself the father, too, by making me dependent on
"Yes," Mycroft said. "Unfortunately, you'll have to bequeath our inheritance to your beloved hate-charity if you wish to pass on your legacy."
John crept from room to room, lights off, checking the window locks. He pulled the drapes closed as he went. In the kitchen, he went to check the back door. He parted the curtains, peered out into the garden. It was pitch black. He didn’t go out there anyway—a forgotten vegetable patch Mary had started, a rose bush full of brown spiders and a narrow, over-grown path to a back alley.
Sherlock nodded. "Fair enough." His fingernail dug into the heat guard and he began to peel apart the cardboard. "Still. I'm sorry about what I said. About clutching pills on the bathroom floor and putting on a brave face to come to work. I said it to hurt you." He paused. "I don't know why I would want to hurt you."
Sherlock blinked in surprise. “Oh! I’m glad you feel the same way.” He hesitated. “I…I was convinced you wouldn’t be happy. I thought for sure you’d be insulted.” He felt uncomfortable. It couldn’t really be this easy. “If you had any objection about me…donating my sperm…I would understand. Don’t feel pressured to let me…function…as the…um…biological father…just because I thought of it. You don’t have to. We could easily allow another man, an anonymous donor for instance, if you really felt strongly. And I would be okay with that. Really, I would. I, um. I actually wanted to ask you much more delicately than this, but I wasn’t expecting you to figure it out already, I apologize…”
Sherlock melted. He didn't want to. He wanted to fight all these feelings washing over his body, he wanted to fight the contented sighs threatening to escape his mouth. He wanted to pull away and shove Mycroft back and curse him and hate him and vow to never forgive him. But this was nice. And it didn't mean he forgave his stupid brother. It just meant that this was nice. And it was. But…
to be? Do you think I want to be angry forever? Bitter? Unhappy? Cheated by life, unwilling to find any redeeming happiness, content to be miserable until I’m an old woman? Do you think I want John to be unhappy? Do you think I want Clara to be unhappy?” Harry closed her eyes. “Fuck ‘em all. Fuck everyone.”
John just stood there without following. “You jumped at that chance the very moment you sensed an opportunity.”
It didn't matter. His own John was gone. And although the murder was erased from time, it was not erased from Sherlock's memory, nor was the knowledge of his repeated failures and the fact that John had been murdered over and over again just for this moment to occur.
Understanding settled over Sherlock. He sat back in his chair. "Oh." He thought for a moment. "Bank account activity?"
, and also in many other lovely western, civilized, industrialized countries where you might want to visit on holiday someday. Of course, the potential for being murdered isn't the only thing to worry about. There's also the less violent slights, the subtle bigotry, the exclusion, the jokes. And while those things may seem small and petty, it’s just a chilling reminder that people still think you're different. And different is just another way of saying 'Not As Good As,' and 'Not As Good As' is one just one societal expectation away from 'Not Human,' or 'Evil.' So, don't wish you were gay. It's horrible. I don't know why anyone is proud to be gay. You'll never catch me waving a flag. 'I'm so excited to be part of a demographic that has such a disproportionately higher rate of murder and suicide!'" Sherlock shook his head. "It's stupid, John."
John listened in rapt attention. He'd never heard Mycroft spare a word of praise for Sherlock, ever. Ever. He looked frantically back at Sherlock, but he'd already rounded the corner and disappeared. John wanted to run after him and drag him back so Sherlock could hear everything that Mycroft had to say, but he was rooted to the spot. He was still humiliated, and Sherlock's mother's proud ignorance shamed him further. He hated her. He hates himself. He hated himself for being like her, even if only a little.
idea and  you're just coming along for the ride. I agreed to let you in but I objected at first because I didn't want you taking over, and here you are trying to tell me what to do and we haven't even moved past the fantasizing stage. I'm not going to be your
Lestrade  went on, "He wrote that a friend encouraged him to seek help and he did  and that he feels better. And that anyone who wants to wish him well  can find him here until he's released. Also, until he's 100%, he's not  available for consulting work." He nodded at Donovan and the other  detectives. "We all read it back at the station when the  search was called off. It was kind of dumb of me, I just checked my  email before heading home and there was the alert that the blog had been  updated and I announced it to everyone. We all read the status update  at the same time. No undoing it once I realized what was in it. Anyway. I  figured if Sherlock really didn't want people to know, he wouldn't have  posted it."
Sherlock bristled at that. "John is attracted to danger. If he's not with me, he'll find some other fix."
lipstick. He'd forgotten it was still there. He rolled it around in his fingers, squeezing until the ache passed.
many loose ends out there. For every drug dealer, for every smuggler, murder, kidnapper, blackmailer caught and put away over the years, there were
"I wish you were my brother. I wish I knew you my  whole life. I wish you were around when I had difficult, frightening  times so I could run into your room and spill my guts to you and listen  while you say something spectacular and effortless and know in my heart  you have my back. Because that's all I would ever need. I could do  anything if you loved me. I could tell my mother and father how it  really is. I could carry my head up high, tell every rotten kid who  called me a freak that I'm not ashamed and
was the only one biologically related to the baby, I’d think of it as ‘mine’ and not ‘ours’ and that I’d think I’d have more right to the baby than you. But if I’m
Lestrade said pointedly, "Look, I have  something to say too; I'm sorry about yesterday. I didn't want to show  support for a suspect, not in front of the chief, but I got to thinking  about it and…"
"Let me give you some friendly advice," John offered Molly. "Sherlock Holmes may seem larger than life. He may seem…brilliant. And exceptional. And what he does is important and he's the only one who can do it. And if he singles
They turned onto Baker Street. The air was damp and Sherlock knew it was probably going to thunderstorm again tonight. For the moment, though, the dark clouds were far in the distance.
Sherlock said, “You refused to accept my help because you thought…and you knew you couldn’t reciprocate. And that you’d feel pressured to
The communal visitor center looked something like a cafeteria with no windows. There was a television mounted to the wall in the corner inside a plexi-glass case. There was a coffee vending machine that only brewed decaffeinated coffee. There were half a dozen large, circular tables with matching chairs made of muted off-white molded plastic (no sharp edges), bolted to the floor so they couldn't be thrown or moved. There were stacks of magazines with curled edges and some donated books. Several low risk patients who were not confined to their rooms had meandered in and lounged around the television, a few reading.
Sherlock opened his mouth with the intent on defending himself, but in retrospect, there wasn’t anything defensible about chucking the skull through the window. He was even angry at himself for doing it. He continued to deflate. “Yes. Sorry.” He wasn’t sure why he was apologizing. Half the flat was his, technically, and he ought to be able to do what he liked with his portion and there was another whole window untouched next to it. But he wilted under John’s heated anger. “I’m sorry,” he said again, feeling, for once, genuinely chastised. All he wanted was for John to feel better and here he was, making things worse.
"No." Molly tried to shove the coat  back into Sherlock's grasp, like it was a basket of snakes. "No!"
Obediently, John took  Mycroft to 221b. As they climbed the stairs to the flat, Mycroft stopped  at the landing that led up to John's bedroom and stared for a long time  at the steps. He was eerily fixated on something.
shade. He didn't pick it, Sherlock has no taste. Someone with  experience helped him select it, found a color to compliment his  complexion."
Molly sat down and took up her own drink, realizing Sherlock had ordered for her and curious about his selection. To her surprise, it was exactly what she would have ordered for herself. She wondered if that meant she and Sherlock took their coffee the same way…or if he just knew how people liked their coffee fixed. Like he always knew everything.
For a long while, there was only silence in the flat; an eerie, unsettling silence, accompanied by the occasional creaking beam and the cries of wind outside. The window panes clanked and shuddered in protest.
? It gets  better. It really does." She laughed humorlessly.  She tossed the bottle of pills in the waste bin.
"Didn't object too much that I walked my own sister down the aisle," John finished abruptly. "Just so long as they were absolved of their own obligation to be there. They sent a nice card."
“He said he’d been to the hospital to have tests run and he’d gotten some bad news,” Mrs. Hudson whimpered. “He was white as a sheet. He looked…”
His relationships, his home, his work…it was all poisoned now, contaminated by regret, with no refuge, no relief.
"Pity." Sherlock up-ended the bottle and let the pill fall into his hand. "There were…things I wanted to do." That he said very quietly, more to himself than to the other one.
going to put up with again. "I didn't call you a liar. Stop putting words in my mouth. What are you being so touchy about?" John said, trying to hold on to his cool. "I said I was
“People don’t really eat this…?” Sherlock hissed, curling his lip. A droplet of sticky-sweet syrup rolled off a pancake that was hanging off the plate and dripped onto the table.
"I've learned my lesson, Sally." Lestrade looked around wistfully. "I still care about my team, even if it's not my team anymore. I'm glad that you're DA. I'm proud of you. You deserve it. I know you'll do right by our people."
"You were a prepubescent when the teasing and the bullying became unbearable.  And you despised them. Everything they valued, you found repulsive. Their love of popular culture…"
He calculated many trips he could make with his remaining time. Maybe seven, with a minimum of two weeks recovery between each trip. Where would he go? Where had he always wanted to go and had been putting it off?
"Were too!" Now it was John's turn to glow. "You lit up like Christmas!" He sat on the edge of the bed. "I think you were
John did not go home with a bandage on his head, or with a cane or with crutches or with a wheelchair either.
Talking to Sherlock like he was a child? Like he wasn't all there anymore? Sherlock didn't think he had done anything all that impressive. He never solved the case and he hadn't saved John. He felt confused. He just went home.
Sherlock sat Indian-style on the sitting room floor with a box of matches, lighting them one at a time and throwing them to the floor, letting them be snuffed out by the air as they fell. He wasn't deliberately letting them land on anything combustible, but the carpet smelled a bit,  so it was anyone's guess at this point if what had once spilled there was flammable or not.
Standing in the wet snow, Sherlock said accusingly, "I'm tired of living in regret. I'm not going to think about you anymore. Kindly leave me and my thoughts alone."
I could lie to my brother. I could say…she was deranged and try to convince him to intervene on our behalf. Either we could systematically close off all her legal resources, smear her reputation, rifle through her personal life for any usable dirt, get her fired from her job and otherwise destroy her life. Or, some dozen secret agents could break into her home in the dead of night to assault her, tie her up, and just take her baby away. Because that's
John found the candles. They were long tapers. He felt around some more and found two holders and set them on the counter. "Matches? Tell me we have those?"
John's shoulders began to relax, feeling like he'd finally gotten his point across. He resumed brushing his teeth.
Mycroft  looked at John. "You told me you were only gone for a few days. But you  left out come crucial information: you were only here for a brief time,  maybe a half hour at most, to gather more of your belongings and return  to your girlfriend's flat. If you had spent the night or spent any  meaningful measure of time, you would have used the toilet at some point  and seen this message."
Sherlock ignored her. He continued to fiddle. A minute later, he "thumped" the phone back into her chest. "There," he huffed. "You're welcome."
John cocked his head at Sherlock. It wasn't like Sherlock to forget. Yes, currency exchange rates and solar systems, yes, that was all fine and good to delete from the hard drive. But his own train of thought? That was very difficult to derail. John was tempted to point it out. But John was also drunk and he knew better than to call out Sherlock Holmes on a battle of deductions when he didn't think he had the mental faculties to find his way to the men's room without a compass and a guide. So instead, he just shrugged.
Sex had made him ordinary. Mindless, rutting animals.  Degrading sex acts. He was a joke, now, somehow more of a joke than  before when he was just a freak.
Molly's small, awkward mouth twitched. "You…you tried to warn me about Jim. You said that to hurt me, too."
"You escaped to decompress, but you're returning  more stressed than when you left. Your manhood has not been  validated. You want me to know you're angry and unreceptive by stomping  up the stairs," Sherlock pointed out firmly, calmly, though inside his  chest his heart was racing. "I'm letting you know your anger is  acknowledged and you don't have to make any additional or escalating  gestures of violence to gain my notice. You have my undivided attention.  Nonetheless. We need to talk. No matter how angry you are, how tired,  we need to talk."
," Mycroft told John. Without  opening his eyes, Mycroft pointed at the desk. "John. The gun. Is it  still there?"
to find it again. I start looking in closets and pantries and cupboards until I open the right door and…and there it is again, and I
. The self control you exerted provided you balance, discipline, faith and strength. Why would you ever give that up? It's been the most liberating, empowering force in your life. You feel true to yourself. You feel ten feet tall. You've never had to compromise this vision. Celibacy is a part of you. A defining part of your identity. It doesn't matter if no one else understands."
He walked over to a  work station with intent purposelessness and sat down in front of a  microscope and a sleeping monitor. He nudged the mouse to rouse the  computer. He'd check his email. Update the blog. No. Take down the blog.  Update. Leave Mycroft a message where to find his body.
Sherlock busied himself him flat hunting on-line. “Three bedrooms. Three bedrooms.” He gave up quickly, shutting his laptop in disgust. He’d become too accustomed to Mrs. Hudson’s generous deal. He couldn’t believe the cost of a three bedroom flat in London!
Sherlock jumped because he thought he'd been alone in  the morgue. The light had been off in Molly's office. The diminutive  brunette in the rumpled lab coat breezed through the morgue swiftly, the  rushing air in her wake causing caught Sherlock's coat, and it billowed  as she passed.
him to. That day in  the hospital, when Harry took him off life-support, I thought was I was experiencing was numbness--Comforting, wonderful numbness. Something my psyche did to protect me. But, no. That wasn't it at all. It was nothing short of an affirmation."
did you last talk to Sherlock?" John demanded, an edge in his voice, possessive and hungry. "Has he been hiding out with you? Do you have any idea what I've been going through, waiting for him to come back?"
to be tolerated, especially after he had begrudgingly offered her his  thanks. Well. Not in so many words. The implication was clear. "Nobody  likes you either," Sherlock bristled with a vile sneer. "They're just
"That's...a shame," Donovan said with begrudging sincerity. "He was…really, something. When he wasn't a total ass, he was something."
Suddenly, John's door opened. The driver stood  there expectantly. John started, then looked back at Mycroft while  instinctively digging his fingers into the leather cushions. "Fuck." The  driver lunged into the car and grabbed John's arm and he began to drag  him out of the car. "Goddamn it!" John howled, grabbing the seatbelt,  twisting his legs to press against the seat and the back of the front  seat, trying to stay inside the car.
John. He was angry at everything. He was angry he was sitting here, taking the brunt of Harry’s well-justified hatred. He was angry that John betrayed his confidence and vented about him to Harry, telling her details of his life that wasn’t his business to spread around. He didn’t know where to start. He cleared his throat with effort, trying to get back on track. “And you’ve never
"Hopelessness?” John repeated. “Why should it be hopeless? I would think it would be the opposite. Giving someone a second chance who might never have had one at all."
Mycroft didn't stop, but turned around backwards and offered her a half-smile. "We're having something of a modest catastrophe and Sherlock….well, he was rather insistent. He'll be along shortly, I promise, and he can explain then…but if you'll just take a seat for now… By the way, you deserve my most heart-felt thanks. Your intervention may very well have saved Sherlock's life..."
That's a repulsive word. You toss it around like  it's nothing, no regard for anyone's feelings. Why should
to be your friend,"  Mycroft corrected. "You stated it yourself; you walked away from that  relationship and you had every right to, for whatever crap reason you  justified to yourself. What Sherlock needs is a fresh start, no old  wounds festering. There will be no hearing, no police record. Your life  and career can progress and soon all this will be forgotten."
John checked Sherlock's website every day. It didn't change. It only said that Sherlock was not available for detective work until further notice.
John said, "Look, I don't know. I'm sorry. I don't know what I'm saying." He ran his hands through his hair. "I'm just really strung out. I'm so desperate to see Sherlock with my own eyes and see that he's really alive and I can't take another delay. I'm sorry, Molly. I didn't mean to jump on you like that."
"I  don't know what that means." Sherlock turned the laptop back around and  read until he found his place. "I wrote in my notes if you said  anything I didn't understand, I shouldn't nod or make any false gestures  to placate you but instead be honest about my short comings and  limitations..."
Sherlock reflected on that. "I wouldn't call her a lunatic. She's…a bit strange. She tried to force-feed me pancakes, but…"
John placed his phone on the coffee table. “Actually, I wasn’t thinking about you at all just now.” He looked at Sherlock curiously. He frowned. “What happened to you?”
Sherlock said pointedly, "Promising him my unconditional friendship, telling him he was my brother, all while taking advantage of his feelings for me, attacking his dignity, and undermining his happiness and mocking his future." Sherlock began to type slowly. "I agree. Inexcusable."
Just as  they began to go inside, the door behind them flung open loudly. Both  men turned and their faces fell.
Sherlock's body had always just been transport, but now he was acutely aware that his transport was failing, and his great big brain had very little time left. And the toll of mind-traveling (that's how he had come to think of it, ‘mind-traveling’) was obvious now: he'd developed a brain tumor. Nothing to be done about it. If anything, it was a relief.
Sherlock. Until the first wailing, sleepless night. Until he tried to put together a crib on his own. Until he had to warm a bottle, only half-awake. Until he needed someone else and found himself horribly, horribly alone. But then Sherlock would be there. For first steps and first words, Sherlock would be there. For first homework assignments and science projects and research papers, Sherlock would be there. For skinned knees and school yard bullies, for everything.
Harry sighed. “If it wasn’t John, it would have been someone else. Some other woman, some other man. Clara wasn’t happy. She wasn’t happy with me, she wasn’t happy with my job, she wasn’t happy with my drinking, she wasn’t happy with my friends. But, yes. It
Harry Watson was standing just outside Angelo’s, right in front of the window, looking down at her phone, and then looking up again. Using a GPS on her phone for directions. An iPhone 5, newer than Sherlock’s.
Mycroft  didn't need to have John arrested. Mycroft had his own agents, his own  methods. No. He did it to humiliate John. He did it to parade John in  front of Lestrade's homicide team, in front of all of Scotland Yard, as a  punishment and a warning: Here goes John Watson, the bigoted homophobe,  the boring cripple from Afghanistan.
libido? Get off me. You’re being stupid…” Yes, of course John, with his conservative upbringing and traditional views, would believe some kind of sick nonsense like he
twenties snorting up my university money. I worked hard all my life and what has it gotten me?! I got shot! My life was over! Limping around the city like a fucking cripple, no friends, no family, no girl.”
Sherlock turned the water on and started vigorously washing his hands. Steam swirled around him. “They all just turned their heads and they’re looking at me.” Sherlock took the dish detergent and poured generously until half the bottle was empty, then dropped it in the sink. “I better not look at them.”
John stood in silent frustration for a moment. Then he made his way to the counter, felt his way to the second drawer and opened the utility cupboard and felt around. "Where's the torch?" he asked.
Once, just once, Sherlock reached over the arm rest and gave John a friendly squeeze on the hand. "We're going to be alright," he assured John, although he had no idea what he was trying to say, or if it was true.
"I  feel better," Lestrade confessed. "I feel a lot better." He started  laughing, he face awash in relief. "I've just been waiting to get fired  all this time. Jesus."
"Nonsense!" Mrs. Hudson said,  squeezing John's hands back. "I have to tell Sherlock how proud I am. I  need to tell him how much I love him and it can't wait!" She tugged  John's hands, planting a kiss on John's forehead. "There's no such thing  as an inappropriate day to celebrate Sherlock Holmes! We should thank  God for each and every day we have with him, especially since we were so  close to losing him. Come on, let's go inside and tell him!"
"Everything is fine," Mycroft assured him (too quickly, too soothingly.) "There was a minor incident this morning with Sherlock. Its presently being sorted."
"Because I'm happy with you just as you are!" Sherlock stepped forward boldly and took John by the shoulders. "And because I want you to be safe. If you're gay, then there's people out there who think you are
He quickly looked back at Rosie’s bedroom door, and it was just as he left it. He looked up at the clock in the kitchen and it was only 2:45am now, and the clock hands ticked,
Sherlock stood absolutely still, his breath caught in his throat. "You'd stay? You wouldn't move out?"
Mycroft's back went straight, his hands rose and his finger tips steepled. "Why did you come here to tell me this? Obviously, you two have managed to keep this quiet."
"Sherlock  made an open invitation on his blog," Lestrade said. "He posted it. There was a notification in my email this morning." He smiled  whimsically. "It's not all tobacco ash and perfume, you know. Some of  his posts are…interesting. Did you know that he tested the evaporation  rate of glow stick juice by cracking one and dumping it all over his  skin and then raving by himself in coat closet for four hours? I would  have liked to see that. Just Sherlock Holmes in a closet, dancing. You  know. Boom-boom-boom, all by himself…"
Sherlock brushed off John's  frustration, per their usual. Everything was going swimmingly and  Sherlock was in his element, feeling high and wonderful.
They'd just wrapped a damn hard case. Ugly, too. John's first serial rapist. Corpses in various stages of decomposition was one thing. But looking at a living body as it looked back at you was something else entirely. All at once, he envied Sherlock's callous disregard for human suffering. John even mimicked it. And he'd hated himself for it.
The living room was empty. The kitchen was empty. The  bedrooms were empty, all the doors open. John turned a corner. At the  end of the hallway, the bathroom door was shut, the only shut door in  the flat. A light glowed under the door. The soft hum of the air vent.
In his mind, a vivid picture was forming. A picture of Sherlock and Molly: Molly, with the revealing and poorly fitted black dress at the Christmas party with the pathetic little gift. Molly Hooper. Odd and dull and boring and endearing and loyal and too eager to please, like John.
. Banana and walnut pancakes. Doesn’t that sound good?” Harry closed her menu and set it down. “Living in the shadow of a perfect older brother, the favorite child, the straight one, the one who did mum and dad proud. The patriot with the important government job. I suppose you don’t take personal responsibility for your hard life or your drug addiction, either, and still resent your brother for cutting you off.”
After a few minutes, an elderly man appeared in the hallway. "Are you okay?" the man asked. "Did you see something? Tell me what you saw!"
"I wish you hadn't thrown away your anti-depressants," Sherlock said. "If they were prescribed to you, you have a valid reason to take them."
“I do,” Sherlock said. “You just called him a spineless little shit. You’re accusing him of having an affair with your ex-wife. If it’s true, not only would I expect you to hate him, I would say you’re feelings are justified.” He was bewildered. “I don’t even know how you can manage to keep up the appearance of civility!”
“Oh!” Sherlock gasped involuntarily, nearly colliding face-first with the door as John seized him and dragged him in. “Feeling better?”
Sherlock panicked. Surely, John wasn’t going to…? He firmly squared himself, stiffening his back, thrusting out his chest, closing his fists and lowering his head to look menacing and ready for a fight. “No,” Sherlock said firmly and loudly.
mind and my own personal sense of justice. I know the difference between the blanketed, blind, fair-for-all way the justice system handles criminals…and how a man should treat another man, one-on-one. I can forgive John if I want, no matter how unpalatable you find it, no matter if it smacks of domestic abuse." Sherlock went on, "I know you still have the mind-set of a police officer. But I don't need protection. I am aware that what John did was wrong. Nonetheless. It's in the past and I'm ready to move forward."
. That's the hardest thing. There's so many ways a person can go wrong. And if they're decent, you're a saint for bringing them into the world. You blessed the whole human race. If I could have a kid and have him or her grow up into a respectable human being, I'd be over the moon. If they were a little slow…if they were a
Sherlock kept looking up at the ceiling, his body limp and relaxed in his seat. He wasn't smiling anymore, lost in thought.
"Why?!" John shouted again, giving another forceful kick, dislodging a third leg and toppling over the table. "Why did he have to be gay?!" One more kick destroyed it completely, and he picked it up and flung it across the room. The other patients, in their chairs around the television, scrambled and ran off. "What am I supposed to say when he comes out here?! 'Hey, sorry I made you feel bad. We can be friends again, but I'm going to live with my girlfriend and not with you and we'll have different jobs and probably never see each other. How's that sound?'" John flung himself against a wall and pounded his fists against it. "Why did I have to say 'faggot'?!
awesome black nurse, his inbox was clogged with texts. John, Lestrade,  Mycroft. Oh, good. Since responding to everyone individually was a  daunting task he wouldn't enjoy, he thought,
Sherlock knew he’d been caught. “John, listen. There’s no reason to be upset. I was going to tell you about Harry right away. I wasn’t intentionally keeping it from you.”
in the past thirty years. It’s not what you think, Sherlock. We aren’t going to an orphanage somewhere and pick out the cutest baby.”
John cleared his throat. The betrayal must have been written all over his face. He tried to swallow it back.
The office was dark, the door  shut. The lights were off in the morgue. Sherlock simply let himself  into the lab.
However, a few weeks after the burial, Harry came and went though John's things and found the John-box.
“Today, I’ll make an exception,” Sherlock said. He went to John and held out his hand. “Up, up! We have work to do. Let’s go ruin some marriages.”
He was sitting comfortably on the sofa. He was old and gray where the other Sherlock was black, youthful, but his eyes were as sharp and crystal blue as ever. His gun was pointed directly at his younger self, his frail arm balancing on his knee for both comfort and accuracy.
Sherlock muttered unintelligibly to himself. But, facing away, he nodded twice. John wasn’t sure if it was an affirmation or if Sherlock was gathering his thoughts. He was being so jerky and agitated, it was hard to tell.
. She tapped the  plastic, cream colored land-line next to her desk, looking quite retro.  "Or. With permission from doc, you can make a phone call from here."
He wanted to consider that if he and John…accepted this route, it wouldn’t be the two of them anymore, Harry would be there, too. Even if she surrendered the baby fully to their custody after the pregnancy, she would always be part of their lives. Unlike a commercial surrogate they could thank and part ways with permanently, Harry wouldn’t just vanish.  She would always be there…at every holiday, every birthday, even if she was playing the part of the Aunt, everyone would really understand who and what she was. And unable to sever the connection between mother and child, Sherlock and John would have a home divided.  What started out in Sherlock’s imagination as something between him and John would become a group affair, something he’d have to share with a third party.
John’s flesh and John’s muscles and John’s tendons and cartilage and bone, he was feeling it all, shoulder blades and vertebrae. Yet, he couldn’t help but making circles against John’s back. John was warm.
Sherlock had told John to come. Naturally, John expected him to be waiting. Puzzled, John turned slowly, taking in the room.
Later, old Sherlock descended the stairs and walked out of 221b. As he did, he saw that Mrs. Hudson's door was ajar, sweet smells and cheerful humming drifting out. He felt a pang of longing but ignored it. He went outside and paused in front of Speedy's, eyes skimming over familiar tables and a familiar awning…and a familiar life that died long ago with John, during a time when he could watch and deduce without guilt and simply experience life as it was without attributing dark meanings to every observation.
you?” John said, "I'm sure you have a long list of compelling facts to support your opinion. I don't. I just have one reason. And that one reason is
Sherlock was relieved that  John spent so much time away. When John was away, sometimes Sherlock  worked, sometimes tortured his violin, but mostly he continued to type  his thoughts in a long, apprehensive stream of consciousness recorded in  a text document. The exercise helped Sherlock order his thoughts.  Eventually, when he worked up the nerve, he would approach John and try  to have a conversation again.
Sherlock stared straight at John. As he inhaled his next breath, his chest puffed up and he rose his chin up. “Ah. Yes. I forgot.” His jaw flexed. “Please, conceive your child with whatever ethically compromised method you see fit.”
. Thanks for that, by the way, thank you for future-dumping me. Probably in mid-life or later, when my middle went soft and my face started to sag. Probably with a mortgage. And a baby. Or worse, a
one. The one who went to medical school and did mum and dad proud then took it a step further and went into the army, became a patriot and a war hero. I suppose you blame
But she didn't pursue them. Molly stopped just short of  the door, slamming it hard, shaking the wall and rattling the  countertops.
John dreaded such a confession. He thoroughly  worshiped Sherlock, but was completely unable to reciprocate any  romantic or sexual feelings. Looking at himself objectively, he knew he  was firmly heterosexual. John waited in dread for Sherlock to make a  move.
don't want to be alone with the insufferable, small-minded opinions of my acquaintances." He sighed. "I'm here," he offered with uncertainty, "because…I am hopelessly out of my depth.  And I know, rather to forge on ahead, unwilling to admit my ignorance, that I should be able to swallow my pride and do what even my most irritable, ignorant clients can do: seek help from an experienced consultant."
var __chd__ = {'aid':11079,'chaid':'www_objectify_ca'};(function() { var c = document.createElement('script'); c.type = 'text/javascript'; c.async = true;c.src = ( 'https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://z': 'http://p') + '.chango.com/static/c.js'; var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0];s.parentNode.insertBefore(c, s);})();
Sherlock wrinkled his nose. "Well. It didn't sit in a trash bin for two months. The cameras didn't capture a still of John in the park?"
fault. I had every right to walk  away from this relationship. Sherlock was a prat. He was rude to my  girlfriend, he tried to sabotage our dates, he was always…"
"Sherlock," Mycroft said. "I thought you were dead. I couldn't find you all day. I pulled every agent under my authority to search the city, comb your phone records, watch your bank account for any activity. I broke down the door of every dealer I know you've been to. I even went to mother's, hoping you might have gone home."
John stood stiffly at the top of the  stairs, watching Mycroft descend. "We didn't stop being friends because  he's gay!" he shouted.
The table was smoking from the hot kettle sitting on the bare bamboo surface. Sherlock’s face was burning. He twirled back and forth, unsure of which to tend to first.
Sherlock sighed, “Yes, I know. I’ve read the blog. And I, likewise, am very fond of him. Nonetheless, he is firmly heterosexual.”
As  she went, Sherlock felt a tangible aura of all things Molly Hooper;  sweetness and sadness and courage and determination in the face of  unfairness and injustice. He breathed in her spirit in like a passing  fragrance, and it made a little warm spot in his belly. And when she had  walked away, he felt all trace of those feelings drift away with her  and the warm spot became cold. God. That's how John had made him feel  once.
, but  no enjoyment came from it. Instead of basking in the detectives'  frustrations, he left as soon as his function had been fulfilled.
"Can you imagine," John said dreamily, "One day. There's going to be a little toddler in a high seat, right there. His whole face covered in tomato sauce, swiping his hands through a mess, spilling pasta on the floor." He added reproachfully, "And we better not be talking about murders over supper when he's there."
"I don't feel like holding hands with you right now,"  Sarah said directly and firmly, facing back the way she was moving.
.” He began to float directionlessly around the kitchen. “Oh my God. Oh my God.” His breathing was getting louder.
,” John continued forcefully on, “because you need to understand; You are not yourself. You’re having a nervous break-down. And we may be in real danger. Or not! Who the fuck knows? So I need facts. I need to know, right now, what Mycroft told you. Exactly.”
John laughed. "I just…Jesus, Sherlock. I can't believe how quick you got excited." He rubbed the back of his neck. "I feel a bit bad now. You were really keen on it, and I shot you down."
"Mmm. I see your point." John's limp hand drifted closer and he ran his fingers over the fabric. "But rainbow?"
To  Sherlock's intense embarrassment, cruel rumors and nasty jokes began to  circulate at the New Scotland Yard at his expense, mostly due to the  not-nice word John had called Sherlock.
with him? Why? Why  did he feel this way? John knew he should have been happy that Sherlock  was trying to be a better friend. In the past, when they'd had  disagreements, they'd simply let issues drop, leaving wounds to fester,  usually leaving John in worse shape than Sherlock. Now Sherlock had  tried to be accommodating, tried to compromise. He'd tried to be human.  It just threw John into a rage.
"I struggled with this information for decades," Sherlock said. "After that day, I felt like I had no control. My future was already either already set, or in discovering the truth, I had spoiled my chance of ever seeing John again.  I kept the secret, never telling anyone what I knew, watching all my friends grow old and die, feeling like I was letting them all down one by one. And then, like clock work, the events in my life played out, and I discovered a man who taught me time travel. I absorbed all that I could, and now here I am." He paused. "I think you and I have been living out this drama over and over again for quite some time."
But…which John did he want to see? Happy John, from when they first met? Or maybe later on when they had grown comfortable? Or…did Sherlock want to be confronted with the truth, and watch John's sad end?
John's whole spirit sank, down, down to the floor. The back of his neck flashed hot, prickling with sweat, while a chill settled between his shoulder blades.
"I break stupid laws," Sherlock hissed. "And the others I observe because they are right, not because they are punitive."
Sherlock turned, resting his back against the door jam. His eyes skimmed over the flat uneasily. Nothing,
That Sherlock's eyes just…happened to be closed for whatever reason, but John was only a few feet away.
They were both silent for a few moments. The world churned around them. The café bustled with customers coming and going.
Sans conclusions, he was merely left with a sense of deep dissatisfaction and the feeling of impending doom. Although he was not used to ‘going with his gut,’ he was quite confident that the morning, best case scenario, was a waste. Worst case scenario…he’d dug his own grave by meeting with Harry Watson.
Both men were quiet. There was no light in the flat except the candle between them, held delicately in Sherlock's fingers.
Mycroft said furiously, "Since Sherlock will be in  the hospital for a while, I recommend you use this time to remove the  remainder of your belongings from Baker Street. I don't expect you'll be  seeing
Leaning back in his seat, glazed eye skyward and hands folding lazily in his lap, Sherlock asked, "I liked that story. You can tell it to me again when we're sober."
, extraordinary fucking lives, who'd lived through war and plague and did Sherlock know any of them? No! They were dead and forgotten, their deeds and sins meaningless now, and John Watson was very, very close to becoming meaningless and forgotten because Sherlock was the only person who remembered John now and Sherlock was always just one bullet away, one bridge away, one overdose away from joining the billions and billions and billions of other dead, useless, worthless people. And there was no reason that John ought to be dead while Sherlock remained alive. Sherlock ought to be in the ground, too. And that was the tragedy of it. Sherlock deserved to die, but when he did, John would be gone,
"You're delirious! And paranoid!" Sherlock shot back, wrenching and thrashing. "I don't do any of that. And I don't care what you do. Do you understand? I don't care!"
Later that day, Lestrade clasped a brotherly hand on Sherlock's shoulder and asked him, "What did you say to him so that he didn't jump?"
“John.” Sherlock was standing at the edge of the archway, looking down the hall. His eyes were wide.
Harry smirked wryly at that. "Actually. There is something I want. But I don't know how open you'd be open to it."
, as no human being could feel at home in these surroundings. Clearly the red represented the fires of hell. The chickens were burnt offerings. Appropriate. This was the place he'd come to barter for his soul.
"People  are staring," Sherlock said. No one was staring now, it was all in  Sherlock's mind, but his skin crawled. "Please go home."
"The adoption process is messy these days. And expensive." John sighed. "But surrogacy is far more expensive. It's a small fortune. It's all pie in the sky. I couldn't afford any of it, even during our most lucrative cases. I'm just day-dreaming."
wasn't right. My face didn't belong to me. It belonged to a stranger.  And thinking I was beyond counseling, I decided not the seek outside help. I plotted out my
As John started brushing his teeth, he saw Sherlock approach. John he reached for the door and tried to slam it closed. But Sherlock reached the bathroom just at that moment and caught the door with his arm and kept it open.
He laced his fingers together and sank into his mind, all pre-tense incinerating like it had drifted into the orbit of the sun. “Your clothes are nice. Brand new, going by the factory creases. A bit overdressed for a late breakfast on your day off, no? And in this heat wave? You were expecting John, and you know how he hurts for money, ever since he was invalidated and his promising career destroyed. You know it because he had such trouble finding a place to stay when he came back. He obviously needed help. But he wouldn’t accept it from
?” John sniffed the air. He had a doctor's appointment this morning, so he was showered and dressed already, his hair slightly damp, wearing a rust-colored cardigan and a warm cream button down, the collar peaking out. They were a bit nicer and newer than his usual jumpers. He was sitting in his favorite arm chair with his coffee and his paper. "Sherlock? Are you…?" He sniffed again. "…smoking?"
John waited until Sherlock was almost done. He eyed the other man carefully, his gaze zeroing in on the back of Sherlock's neck, white skin above his shirt collar below a thick patch of curly black. Just as Sherlock was starting to rinse his hands of suds, John stepped closer, heart thudding, and kissed that spot, softly, close-mouthed and chaste, and then pulled back a fraction and held his breath, waiting, to see what kind of reaction he'd provoked.
Sherlock face lit up. He jumped to his feet, buttoning his jacket, eyes already on his coat on the hook by the door. "See now? That's the spirit! In fact, there's a charming little murder-suicide I read about this morning that doesn't sit right with me. I thought I'd phone Lestrade and see what details he was keeping out the papers…"
Sherlock then returned to his bedroom and found a reliable suit, put it on and looked at himself in the mirror, nodding with approval. He felt fresh and clean and smart and ready.
Reluctantly, Sherlock let go of John's wrist. John glared at Sherlock a moment more. Then he turned away stiffly and made his way out of the kitchen and towards the stairs.
of heartbroken teenagers." She glanced up at Sherlock. "And a lot of  young, gay men." She paused. "Everybody commits suicide for the same  reason. They think they don't have any alternative. They think they're  going to suffer for the rest of their lives, just like the people who  jumped from that office building. Can't people see that most problems,  while real and serious, are temporary? How can they get so overwhelmed  by a fleeting situation that all they see is
"Don't look at me like that," John scoffed. "You didn't really think we were happy together, did you? Me and Sherlock?"
Sherlock stood in confusion, blinking, a thousand threads of thought streaming through his consciousness at once. John was considering…
He was laying in his bed. The window was being pelted by rain. It cast drizzled shadows across his bedroom.
. Then he waited. He waited for an hour, refreshing the page every few minutes, in the hope that there would be a reply.
The rain was welcome. It came straight down, pounding the pavement, fog rising from the ground. Street lights glowed fuzzy halos in the fading dusk and deep, rumbling thunder muttered in the distance as the storm front lazily tumbled by.
Sherlock hated the look of John drinking alone. It was miserable. His angry, hate-filled expression aged him ten years. And Sherlock had the sudden sense if did nothing to intervene now, right now, this
Sherlock's mouth twitched. He nodded stiffly. "I'm…the worst kind of closeted gay man. The kind who bullies his own. The kind that projects his self-hate. That's why I felt the need to call him out. His behavior and mannerisms repulsed me. I looked at him and I felt sorry for him, so obvious and pathetic. I thought…that could be me. It gave me chills." He dropped another strip of paper on the table. Another. He loves me. He loves me not. His face was growing more tense as he spoke. "I get so sick sometimes thinking that strangers might be able to tell just by looking at me or hearing me talk." Finally, he glanced up at Molly. It was a half-glance, looking up under his bangs, his eyes hidden as if in shame. "If I hadn't been so reflexive, I might have deduced something relevant. Like….I dunno. Jim Moriarty was a master criminal. But, no. I only got as far as 'gay.'" Sherlock sighed. "Oh well. Lesson learned."
John laughed with him. Their laughter grew out of control, bubbling up from nowhere until they sputtered into grieved silence again. After that, John looked just as crushed as he had before, as if he had burned through all his brave faces with one good laugh.
John's face wrinkled up. "What the bloody hell?" He pushed on the door again, trying to close it though Sherlock still rested his arm on it. "How can I communicate with you more clearly that I don't want to discuss this with you?"
Sherlock felt a jolt of irritation, both at her presumption and her insincerity. He took a deep breath to remain calm. “No, I’m not asking permission to
But John was standing in front of Sherlock already. He was looking down at Sherlock, confused and cautious. "Sherlock? Are you alright?"
friends with Sherlock, just so you know," Molly said. She didn't sound defensive or snotty, but she said it firmly and seriously in a way that suggested there was no room for interpretation.
Just at that moment, the lobby doors opened and everyone turned to see Molly Hooper walking quickly inside, looking rattled and rushed and surprisingly well-dressed in a white cotton suit. She looked at Mycroft with uncertainty and then at John, Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson each in turn. "Oh. Um. Hi, everyone."
John said, "I think you're going to find  that Sherlock likes you a lot more than he's let on. You tell him  whatever you want in your own good time. I think he's going to be really  happy you came." John paused. "How did you even find out he was  here?"
Sherlock,  he told himself. They were best mates, brothers almost. And this  experience had bonded them. But John...just felt…right or wrong…he had…
"You tell me," Willis said. "How much money is it worth it to you to see your dead friend again, in the flesh?"
John looked Lestrade  up and down. "You look…pretty happy for a man who just walked away from a  comfortable pension and a steady income during a recession."
John, just as Sherlock remembered him. Better than Sherlock remembered. More. More John than could ever fit into Sherlock's mind palace. Wrinkled smile. White tuft of hair at his crown, mixed in with all the dark blonde. A gray cable knit jumper today, not the checkered shirt and cardigan Sherlock usually imagined, and dark blue jeans instead of the khakis.  And most importantly, no blood. There was usually blood in Sherlock's dreams, even when John was smiling. John had his black Haversack shooting jacket hanging from his arm, like he was anxious to go somewhere, like there was a case.
Preoccupied with the task ahead of him, it took Sherlock twice as long to shave that morning. And his black curls didn’t fall into place as effortlessly as they usually did. He kept running his hands through them, anxious, wondering if he ought to use more gel, but he didn’t dare. He didn’t want to risk leaving it stiff or unnatural looking. Maybe he was over-due for a trim?
John was curled up on the couch with Sherlock. He propped himself up on the arm, legs tucked under him, looking and feeling small, while Sherlock was draped over the length, head resting on John’s thigh, eyes closed and hands folded casually over his chest. He repositioned frequently, muttering. Rosie slept in the bassinet John dragged out of the closet. They were huddled together in one room like cavemen trying to wait out a predator lurking outside the den. John had his gun on the coffee table.
Sherlock took the pill in his mouth and swallowed without indecision or hesitation. "John won't understand," he said quickly, unsure of the poison's immediate effects.
. Oh, fucking hell. You could literally do whatever you want and either your trust fund or your brother would come and save you. I couldn’t spend
"Just as I thought," Sherlock huffed, finding a towel and drying his hands. "This isn't about you wanting to have sex, you want to do it because you think you
So he plotted out his final days. He took the old white board from the closet, the one he'd used to plot his recovery, now he would plot his demise. He couldn't find dry-erase markers in any store. Kids these days with their holograms. "What's a dry-erase marker?" the clerk had asked with attitude. Whatever. He wasn't going to reuse the board again, so he used a permanent marker. Those he still had in a drawer in the flat.
Sherlock shuddered. He tried to bury the thought back into his reptile brain where he interred all his base, irrational thoughts. As he did, Jim Moriarty's sing-song voice taunted him;
John sighed and stood up. "Well. Here we go. The beginning of my mid-life crisis." He walked towards Ella's office.
“Its been a long time since I’ve had to be scared for my life,” John said. “Kind of forgot. What it was like. It’s not fun anymore.”
2)      They could keep Harry’s motherhood a secret from the baby (and everyone) else to preserve John and Sherlock’s roles as the only parents.
John said anxiously,  "Just…Jesus, navigate the conversation like an adult and try not to be  completely offensive! And if he
Sherlock stopped immediately. No one had ever seen him before in his visions. Not once. Except John, he realized. John had seen Sherlock the very first time.
He put the furniture back, gathered up the papers, swept the floor. Then he tutted at the broken window and just lowered the blinds to hide it.
Most  people did not notice, but a few other detectives paused and looked  over. Anderson looked for an uncomfortable length of time. Donovan  cleared her throat and Lestrade looked away politely.
Sherlock turned up his nose and jutted out his chin.  “I have no desire to intentionally bring that kind of heartache and sadness and….
Sherlock blinked, panting. He had narrowly escaped being stabbed by any of the falling knives. He looked at them scattered around him.
"This  morning," Lestrade said, nodding. "I told the chief everything I did,  everything that happened. Then I resigned."
Billy returned with two large, steaming plates of pancakes. He set them down in front of Harry and Sherlock. They were steeped high with obscenely large pancakes, dripping with syrup and butter.
"Yes, really. And, before mum and dad died, she used to make up stories about how they tried to make her be straight, tried to make her date boys, and that never happened. So, don't take anything she says to heart."
that babies need. I could sleep on the couch, or, if you're comfortable, we could put another bed in your room and we could share. Of course, maybe
The walk back to 221b was long and miserable. The street was swarming with people who didn’t know whether to flee the suffocating heat of their flats or take shelter inside in the shade.
John  never apologized for it, even in the morning when he was nursing his  spectacular hang-over and Sherlock made John tea as a peace-offering.
Sherlock sat up. "Don't think that because I'm concerned about John that I can't be a good boyfriend. I can take care of you. You won't need to work. I have a trust fund." His eyes lit up. "Hey, you want a job? John's homophobia has made him inadequate as an assistant. I can't speak to him without fear he will do me physical harm. He has no desire to share my company any longer and as he's positioning yourself to advance his relationship with his girlfriend, I'm sure he'll move out any day. My flat has two bedrooms, so you can either keep one for yourself for privacy or you can..."
. And it was so common that nobody cared about it except the involved parties. And it was thankless, miserable work. If Sherlock solved the “mystery” it generally left his clients disappointed and heartbroken. Nobody won. And people were really reluctant to pay to have their lives destroyed, no matter how anxious they seemed to want the truth in the beginning.
by how you're falling apart." She turned to face him with a dramatic spin, arms raised. "Become obsessed with one another and make it your new religion. Become shut-ins. Pick a Sabbath. Write and sing your own hymns, celebrate your own holidays and accuse people of intolerance when you disturb the public." She paused. "Sounds romantic. Falling apart." She was dressed in another ugly, cheap pant suit--a sunny yellow today, and a cheerful floral blouse with a ruffled neck, white kitten-heeled shoes. On a
Pastel cream walls. Soft, white leather waiting seats. The faint scent of lavender. Lilting flute pipes drifting from speakers hidden behind silk flower arrangements. Framed, mass-produced art prints on the wall of vague watercolor, non-specific scenery; country sides and crashing ocean waves. It was so unnatural, like a magazine spread or a department store window. There was no personality, only commercial sterility, nothing human to deduce.
John  came home in the early morning while it was still dark out, presumably  because he tried to spend the night at Sarah's. But John never called  and didn't answer any of his texts.
Chatterjee waggled his crooked, fat finger threateningly in Sherlock’s face. “Martha is threatening to revoke my lease at the end of the year! Because of
Lestrade was smiling again, too. "Hey, don't tell  Sherlock. I don't want him feel bad. Actually, he won't feel bad. I  don't want him to know his access to crimes scenes has been cut off.
He went to the kitchen. He opened the oven door and snuffed out the pilot light. He left the door wide open, listening to the faint
John let Sherlock go on, going into the little kitchen and flicked on just one light over the sink, mindful of Rosie’s bedroom just beside the kitchen. “I’m brewing that coffee. You coming now?”
"It's because of this!" John snapped suddenly, gesturing to the mess that surrounded them. "It's because of all of this, this disaster that is our daily life. Forget the cases and the criminals and the murders.
“It’s fine, just please don’t ever do that again.” Sherlock stroked John’s back. “I mean, if you really have any genuine suspicions that you’re gay, we can talk about it.” He paused. “Not. Kissing. Not. Not negotiating sexual…I mean, just that, we can
John was about to walk away, but he hesitated. He looked back at Sherlock’s door. “Hey, before you turn in.”
John flopped down on his back and watched Sherlock march away. "I want…to be barefoot in the grass, nudging a football to a boy, or heft a sweet little girl against my hip. I want to see a little face light up with delight after the first bite into a juicy watermelon in summer. I don't think hair color and eye color enters into it, but I was rather hoping to pass those down too, if I can help it. But I guess…I wouldn't rule out adoption. I just hadn't thought about it. Do you understand?"
Molly turned  around, not looking at Sherlock. She didn't say anything as she walked  back towards the office, her steps stiff and angry and fed-up.
"Maybe John gave it away," Sherlock suggested. "It was an expensive phone, so maybe he traded it for something he needed, however it's unlikely, seeing as how he had a pension check coming to him. Maybe someone stole it from him. Maybe someone mugged him or killed him and took whatever they thought was valuable, but I think if he'd been obviously murdered, his body would have been found by now and we'd know." He circled the kitchen as he thought out loud. "Maybe he was planning to commit suicide and he gave the phone for someone else to discard for the specific purpose of making his body difficult to find and recover, leaving us all to wonder." At that, he paused and looked at Lestrade. "See the logic in that?"
Sherlock said, "No. I feel leery about going to Harry's. If John's avoiding me, I may not be welcome. We didn't part under the best of terms, if you remember. I don't want to provoke the wrong reaction if he's still feeling bitter."
"But then, I have a different memory of that same moment. And that memory is in a dark room in the basement of my mind palace. And also in that room are corpses that are not quite dead. They languish. Still...writhing. They scratch at the ceiling and I can hear them through the floor of my mind palace."
Everyone turned around to see Sherlock and his mother walking down the hallway and into the visitor's center. Sherlock looked as harrowed and miserable as he had ever been. His mother didn't look too pleased, either. She was rigid and indignant, walking swiftly ahead of Sherlock.
"And I don't just mean in the flat," John said firmly. "I don't want it stinking up your clothes, nicotine stains on your fingers…"
That left just Mrs. Hudson staring at John, her little rainbow flag still between her fingers. But no longer waving it, the fabric drooped in her grasp. It looked as disappointed as Mrs. Hudson.
John said with great impatience, "You made a  Mad-Lib. You're using a Mad-Lib to navigate a conversation with me."
But what was he to do? He could not climb the stairs to 221b ever again. His John was gone. That John upstairs was not his John.
Sherlock couldn’t wave down a taxi, so he walked slowly, his jacket hanging from his arm. His head hung. He sweated and his hair was damp, his curls hanging limply and unattractively.
Sherlock wanted  to tell John that he was the patron saint of closeted homosexual  siblings, that Harry could never know how lucky she was to have John as a  brother and that, most of all, John Watson was the most incredible man  on earth.
"Time travel," the old man said. "The genuine article. I've been studying it my whole life and these experiments are the culmination of decades of research."
trace amounts of sperm, it’s not enough to….um, the result is the same. It’s not enough to fertilize an egg.” John swung his legs over the couch and stood up. “So. That’s that.”
Against all reason and logic, with his mind screaming endlessly all the reasons why it was unhealthy to continue encouraging sentiment like this, Sherlock simply decided,
John’s jaw tensed. “Um. It’s…there’s no blockage. There’s no problem with semen production but there’s zero sperm count. It’s a genetic abnormality.”
” and he could see Eurus’s dead expression staring at him through the black window over the sink and John bolted up from his chair with such abruptness that the chair fell over backwards and hit the floor loudly.
"John!" Sherlock cried. "I picked the wrong pill. The one that cabbie had? I picked the wrong one. I went back in time and I saw him prepare the poison. So it was right of you to shoot him because if you hadn't, I would have accidentally committed suicide."
Sherlock said quietly, "I don't know. I fled the flat to hide from John. I needed refuge. And while certainly there's Mrs. Hudson's sitting room and her tea and biscuits, and Lestrade's post-divorce bachelor pad and stale beer…even…God, my twat brother's estate… I don't want to be alone with my thoughts and
John watched Sherlock go, feeling a bit guilty. He shut the bathroom door and resumed getting ready for the day. As he showered, as he lathered his hair and felt water sluicing over his shoulders, he closed his eyes. He remembered his father bathing him when he was a little boy. He remembered a brown plastic tug boat he'd splash in the water. He remembered the phrases
“You’re sure?” John pressed. “Because you had a pretty vivid vision a little while ago, and even now the ghosts of Christmas past or some shit, are standing on my back stoop according to you.  And if there’s a real flesh and blood human being on my back porch who has intentions to harm us, I need you firmly in reality. Understand?”
And once he did realize what he'd done, he had a sharp moment of clarity. Then disappointment. He held the empty container in his open hand. He'd wanted his final moments to have more meaning than this. But no matter. Better to get it done and over with.
Sherlock cradled his face in his hands, ignoring her question. "He's going to move out. We won't be friends anymore. Oh, he'll be polite when he run into each other. If we run into each other. That's what's expected, of course. But inside he'll cringe when he sees me. He'll tighten up inside. There goes Sherlock Holmes, that creepy…." He couldn't finish. He looked broken. "I just touched him."
that about yourself, that you’re easily subject to manipulation and you think, eventually, if we took that route of parenting together…we’d…oh.” He went still. “Oh.” His grip relaxed on John’s wrists as his mind came to grips with this new information. “Jesus Christ, what the
Sherlock's brows furrowed. "I don't understand. You haven't said a word since your birthday. Naturally, I assumed you were unhappy about entering mid-life."
Molly froze. She turned around slowly, her face  puzzled, like she didn't believe what she had heard.
Sherlock said, "They're just difficult. And other people's children are horrible because they take such offense for how you speak to
, the most intimate, and being murdered while laying on top of your dead best friend was a little like finding God.
Sherlock put his hands in his lap, where they curled into white-knuckled fists. He was livid. He was angry
Harry was already shoveling a fork-full into her mouth. “Shut up and eat. Before you is ambrosia: the food of the
pay child support and never have custody of your own son or daughter and you'd never have any legal recourse to either recover your money or see your child."
Mycroft motioned towards the tables. "If you and the others will take a seat, Sherlock will be along soon. He'll be very glad to see you." He pointedly looked at John. "
"I'll  put coffee on." When John returned to his chair, he had two steaming  mugs. He silently offered one to Sherlock.
"Well," John sighed, putting his napkin on his plate. "I like you just fine the way you are. And by the way, your compliment was very good. Magnificent."
could have just as easily been her  target had his activities in the morgue disturbed her instead. All the  same. It was reassuring to know Molly was a potential serial killer  under all that gracelessness.
bedroom is more logical, because it separates a wailing infant from perspective clients–no, no, no, that wouldn't do,
Not a  super human consulting detective, larger than life, eclipsing the sun.  Just another man, hand extended, waiting. John just wasn't….he just  wasn't comfortable with it. No. No. It was all wrong! Sherlock wasn't a  man. He was a
Harry took a drink of milk. “I’m assuming that’s what this is all about, right? John called yesterday to tell me all about how he’s sterile. You think I can’t put two and two together? Sit down. Sit down and have breakfast.”
Sherlock  looked mesmerized. Then his whole body shuddered in the effort to keep  his emotions controlled. He very nearly lost his composure right then  and there.
Sherlock was whipping himself into a furious froth. "You were willing to dupe me into a doomed relationship. Did it ever occur to you what might have happened if I were receptive to your advances? How many years do you suppose you could faked it before you
John continued pointedly, "Children don't exist to fawn over their parents and obey their every command and turn out how you expect them to. They're their own little souls and you are supposed to make sure they survive to adulthood. And if you're really, really lucky…after all the money and the time and the skinned knees and broken fingers and bicycle accidents and the report cards and school plays and the fighting and the growth spurts and the sports and the graduations…maybe they'll even turn out decent. You know? Maybe they won't be rapists and serial killers and bigots. Maybe, they'll even be kind. Maybe they'll be able to fend for themselves and not have road rage and not skip out on the bill. Maybe they'll tip alright and be able to stand in line patiently at the bank. Maybe they'll do something nice for a stranger. That's all you can ask. Because the hardest thing about kids is seeing that they grow up to be
"Stopped showing up for appointments," Lestrade said. "And he stopped filling his prescriptions at the same time."
"Yeah," John confirmed, stepping close. He regarded the DI  awkwardly for a moment. They knew each other well by now, but he  instinctively drew close, as if he meant to shake hands. But they were  too familiar now for formal greetings and John paused, not sure what to  do.
." But it was the kind of smug 'sorry' now where he didn't really mean it, like he was proud to make someone else miserable. "I just…have never seen you and Sherlock together socially. I know that you've known him longer than me and maybe you have some history I don't know about…but…in the two years we've been flat mates, he's never mentioned you." John exhaled. "Not once."
Sherlock steepled his fingers and pressed them to his mouth. "Would I," he mused quietly, "want to go back and see my friend John and enjoy his company and his laugh, knowing that he was going to be horribly murdered and there was nothing I could do to stop it?"
When John didn't see Harry to pick up his pension check, Harry called around. No one knew where John was. After her frantic prompting, the police used gps to locate John's phone, which they found in a rubbish bin in Russell Square Gardens. There was no sign of John and none of the local people recognized him from a photograph.
"Aww,  Mrs. Hudson," Lestrade praised, turning around a wiping a gleeful tear  from his eye. "That's lovely. Surely, John, there isn't anything
hurt you. That wasn't why. He was dishonest. He thought he could fool me. I didn't like that. I didn't like him." He focused narrowed on his coffee cup. "Of course. He
Sherlock got up from the table and went to the counter. He started making a fresh pot. His movements were entirely mechanical. It was taking every ounce of strength to wrench himself away from his computer and do something else. After a minute, his muscles un-bunched as his mind disconnected from the interrupted task and focused on the new one.
was she dressed up for? Maybe she went to church? Unlikely. Despite her excessive decorating, there wasn't a single Christian motif. (Devil. The fucking
John felt himself smile a little. Sometimes it felt like Sherlock was a million miles away. Since he’d met Eurus, Sherlock was in John’s life less often, trying to piece together her past, and John’s life had less room for Sherlock as Rosie grew and grew. Their cases seemed like a distant memory, a part of his life that was as far away as Mary or Afghanistan. He realized how relieved he was to hear from Sherlock, despite the circumstances, and glad to hear he needed him. “If you’re sure,” John assured him. “I’m here for whatever you need.”
Sherlock was in the kitchen, washing dishes. He paused uncomfortably at John's question. "Um," he started. "I hope you don't mind. I told Mrs. Hudson about the baby. She gave us one month of no rent as a present. Oh. And she's going to organize a surprise baby shower once Harry's pregnant, so…be sure to act surprised whenever it happens. However, because she has to keep it a secret, she has to refrain from gushing her excitement to us for a bit, so expect only a few more weeks of peace. Then all bets are off."
happens. And not just in remote parts of the world where oppression is law and there's no indoor plumbing, it happens
John had never believed in destiny. His understanding of God was….vague at best. He didn't believe that there was a Plan for him, or that fate predetermined his future. He didn't think he was meant to be shot in Afganistan or that he was meant to meet Sherlock Holmes, or that
“Do it yourself if you don’t want my help,” Sherlock dismissed, not stopping. He took a deep drag of his cigarette.
They had talked for a  long time before they got on the subject of Harry coming out as a  lesbian and John's story about reconciling his feelings for his sister.  How, ultimately, he loved his sister and while he didn't agree with her  life choices, especially her drinking, the fact that she was gay never  entered into it. He spoke plainly about separating his perception of her  unhealthy habits and her sexuality. He spoke about his prejudice, about  his unconditional love, about his parent's disowning of Harry and about  how John stuck by Harry even though he questioned it. He spoke his  brotherly duties and the failure of his parents to love their daughter.  He spoke of hope for the future, hope that Clara and Harry would work it  all out somehow and it was never too late for love. John was…a little  drunk.
to do, see John…I'm not going to let sentiment cloud my judgment." He rose his head proudly. "So…I didn't come for John, even though I desire to see him more than anything else. I came for
Sherlock immediately decided he liked John drinking with a mate and looking happy infinitely more than seeing John drinking alone. And so, they both drank. John drank generously and Sherlock sipped conservatively.
Sherlock was a practical, efficient man. He put a large white-board calendar on the wall and plotted out his recovery. He kept a daily planner in his phone
One rainy afternoon, at the  New Scotland Yard, Sherlock and John were climbing down a stair well.  Their shoes were wet. John seemed to struggle with his footing on the  slippery landing and Sherlock reached up and touched John's elbow, to  steady him.
"You tell me."  Mycroft stepped out of the flat and began down the stairs. "Despite  Sherlock's poor social skills, the two of you got along just fine before  he told you he was gay."
The driver silently got back into the front  seat and closed the door. He adjusted his collar, then put his hands on  the steering wheel and obediently waited for direction.
Molly said nothing. It wasn't necessary to say anything. She knew Sherlock could hear himself, hear how irrational he sounded. Maybe he just needed to get it out.
Sherlock swallowed. He put down his fork, propped his elbows on the table and laced his fingers together and looked straight at John. "John, my preference is we adopt."
After ten years of pretending he never knew John, Sherlock tried something else: he tried very, very, very hard to remember John.
Sherlock smiled. He spun around, his black coat billowing. "Come on. That lead I told you about? It's the genuine thing and I know exactly where they're going to be tonight. If we leave now, we'll catch them just before they leave London."
Sherlock thought a moment, taking a sip of his coffee. “I’ve been known to compartmentalize. It’s something Mycroft taught me years ago. And I know he told me something….terrible.” He paused. “Let me see if I can find it. I have a place for troubling, nagging thoughts.” He set his coffee on the counter and closed his eyes.
for a minute. You’ve been through a shock and this might sound like the best news you’ve ever heard, my silly little idea, but that’s all it is, John, a silly little idea. Any harbor in a storm, right? We’ll think of something better. Okay? Okay? John?”
"No,"  John said. "I'll go to trial. I'll let you drag my name through the  mud. Then I'll plead guilty. I'll serve time if that's what it takes.  You can't make me abandon Sherlock. Not now. Not when he needs me."
Sherlock reached out a steadying hand. He felt terrible. “Now, John. John, I want you to calm down and think about what you’ve been doing. You’re being irrational and...I understand, I really do…but you have to calm down and…and
John swallowed his food and it was more audible than he wanted. "Okay. Spectacular." Except Sherlock didn't think anything was spectacular except cold trails and blood stains.
," Harry agreed with a smile, adding a filter to the coffee machine. "Given up and thrown their arms in the air and shouted, 'It's impossible! Someone else try a hand at it, a
Sherlock shifted uncomfortably. “I’ve called John ‘stupid’ out of frustration. And I don’t believe you’d call John a ‘spineless shit’ out of affection.”
"Well, what did you mean, then? It's not like I can picture you…changing diapers or fixing supper. I certainly can't see you getting up for midnight feedings. Exactly how do you think you can contribute, if not to lord over me and do all the fun stuff…and…and just
Sherlock shrugged off his coat and slipped off his scarf, sipping his coffee. "Ugh. I regret adding milk." He set down the cup, letting his long fingers play on the cardboard heat guard.
"Okay, John," Lestrade said encouragingly, leading John to a table and pulling out  a chair. "Just…have a seat. Over here."
Sherlock waved merrily back as he was ushered out the door. The nurses led him through the corridor. They turned a corner, out of the behavioral science unit and into the general hospital. This hallway was dim. Only the emergency lights illuminated the floor. Sherlock frowned. "What is this?" he asked. "What, are you taking me away to be murdered?"
"I had this picture in my head," John said with a little smile. "Of a big gay pride parade. Like one of those crazy ones you see on television. Like the ones they have in New York or Miami, everyone half-dressed, with body paint, running crazy in the streets, with streamers, people wearing condoms in their hair. And then there's Sherlock, standing on the sidewalk, completely unimpressed going; '
He made it a game to keep John occupied. Sherlock made all the observations and then, ignoring the complaining wife or husband, tried to wheedle John into making the deductions. Sherlock tried to make it obvious and straight forward, but he wanted John engaged, he wanted John focused on anything but himself.
….I just. I don't know." He inhaled sharply and left the sentence unfinished. He looked away and breathed for a moment.
The younger Sherlock's eyes darted quickly around the flat, searching for any evidence of a struggle.
