“You didn’t know? interesting.” Loki seemed happy with the information he was given. “why don’t we give him a visit, captain.” There was a flash of green light and they both were gone.
when Tony stumbled into the kitchen Steve was already there, waiting perched on the faucet. As he passed, he patted Steve on the head with a finger and started the coffee maker.
“It is a rather basic item used nearly everywhere. The normality of its use caused me to overlook it at first. The premise of it is that whoever wears the bracelet first will change to the opposite gender of the next person who wears the matching piece, this is used in Asgard to get past the regulations on same gendered couples getting married.”
“We need to talk.” the room was silent and Tony’s voice echoed in his own ears. Eventually Steve nodded and got up, he put the folded paper beneath his arm and walked to the elevator. He held the door for Tony and when Tony realized what was happening, he shot forward and slid into the small metal box with one Steve Rogers, who he had spent the better part of the week, fucking and getting fucked by his split halves.
“Bucky,” before he could stop himself, he called to his best friend, a man that he thought had died 70 years ago on that train. The man before him wasn’t the one he remembered, sure he had the same face but he was different, anyone who had gone through whatever Hydra had done to him would never be the same, serum or no. The Winter Soldier tensed and looked ready to bolt at the first chance. He was dressed half in a vest that strapped across his frame and held what looked like about a dozen knives that Steve could make out, he had a pair of steel-toed combat boots placed to the side with a pair of pants folded neatly next to them. Even wounded, with just a pair of socks and a jockstrap to hide his modesty, the Winter Soldier looked deadly as ever.
“Spit it out, what do you think is going to happen?” Steve’s blood feels like it is boiling, like he is back in an ally during ‘38 and he is fighting three guys bigger than him.
“Ok.” Tony let out the word with a rush of air that he didn’t realize that he was holding in. He was preparing to be hurt again, to watch as his heart was ripped out of his chest by someone he thought he could trust with it once again; but Steve was different from Obi. “But when I'm done we seriously need to have a talk.” he finished his sentence with a tone of finality and turned toward the bedroom where he suspected Bucky to be. Steve hesitated for a second, realizing that Tony wasn’t going to storm out and leave him, he smiled and led the way to his bedroom where Bucky was shifting nervously on the bed, his wings pulled around himself looking like a drenched kitten in a gutter, dirty wings and the way this long hair fell over his face furthered the look.
Steve wasn’t stupid, he was one of the best tactical minds there was, HYDRA was one thing and A.I.M is another but together they could- No, he can’t think that way. Tony was smart, he would find a way to signal them, and until that signal came Steve wouldn’t stop looking. he wouldn’t let what happened to Bucky happen again.
After their breakfast together the two Winged Wonders went off to the gym to spar while Tony made his way down to the lab where his Protégé is waiting.
One hand goes to Steve’s chest and pulls at the pert nipples, the other feels the ridges of muscle as it trails to Steve’s ass, he squeezes the plump flesh before his fingers trail further down to where they are connected. Steve’s constant speed falters as Tony runs his finger over the sensitive ring of muscle.
“I’ve got Tony, he is safe. He isn’t in the condition to be seen right now. Once you guys take down the rest of the HYDRA agents go back to the jet and wait for me.” everyone protested at once and Steve had to silence them so he could hear the one that he was actually listening for, Bruce.
“But,” Tony continued, “After I fixed the feathers on your other wing it felt better, didn’t it? So, imagine how much better it will feel once we get those ones fixed too.” Bucky looked into Tony’s eyes, he could see how scared he was. Tony turned to Steve and asked him to go and get him some scissors so he could get the feathers unattached from the plates first and then he could work out how to pull them in the least painful way. Steve returned with scissors and Tony got to work, the cutting was the easy part though, because now that he had the feathers untangled from the arm the damaged feathers needed to be pulled. “Do you want me or Steve to pull them?” he asked, wishing that Bucky didn’t choose him
Tony has never done this, even in his playboy years that were filled to the brim with drugs and sex, he never has felt so dominant and submissive at the same time. Rogers is behind him, filling, taking him, and Steven is under him, nearly bent in half and sobbing with pleasure as Tony pushes into his body over and over again. He is conflicted because it is him drawing those noises out of Steven but, Rogers is setting the pace and rhythm, his thrusts move all of them and his cock is deep in Tony’s ass.
Thank you for all the comments and kudos I read all of the comments and love the tips. It was really hard for me to publish this because I have always had a hard time with language and English so thank you for reading even with the mistakes and I hope you enjoy!
“Hello Spider-child!” Thor said as Peter hung limply in Thor’s arms. When Thor put him down Peter looked a little light headed, Steve let him lean against him.
Once they arrived at the tower the food was already there. They all devoured their food and the team began to trickle into the den, where they would fight over, and then watch a movie. Nat was already in her red bean bag chair, Clint in his nest on one of the ledges Tony had built into the walls, Bruce was tapping away on his tablet in his recliner muttering about something or another, and Tony sat on the couch next to an empty seat where Steve normally sat. The only thing that was missing was the Super Soldier in question, who, after having his fill of food went to his floor looking tired.
"Can I touch? It may be tender." Steve nodded and turned his head back around. He hissed when the doctor's cool fingers first prodded his tender shoulder blades. "Sorry." Bruce muttered and continued his prodding at various places on the soldiers back, sometimes getting pained noises out of him and in some places not. "I want to get a scan of the underlying tissues. Can you get up on the table?" Steve sat on the table and remained still as Bruce placed contraptions around his body and then remained still as he took the scan. As he was going over the scan and comparing it to others taken of him in his bi-monthly check ups with the doctor, Tony walked in.
“HEY! It’s not funny! Stevie, help me out here, you useless punk.” Soon enough all three of them dissolved into a fit of giggles, occasionally they would calm but then someone would mime one of the others or say something and the cycle would start over again.
"Nothing much, just disturbing files on what they did to the people here, Jarvis finished downloading them and I will meet up with you guys soon."
“Ok team. Steve has something to say before we start so please be quiet and listen.” Tony was setting Steve up to tell the team about his wings. Steve felt his stomach flip, he calmed himself down and got up with Tony.
“So, he has to change into a female for his body to ovulate and then when it is over the serum can no longer cause him to be comatose in his ale form?” Bruce was fiddling with his glasses and had the gleam in his eye that he got when one of his experiments did something extremely interesting.
The sound of tearing fabric brought Steve out of his daze and he followed the hallway back into the living room where he found Bucky, perched on the ledge that was installed in the corner for nesting super soldiers and the passing Clint. He had his dark wings pulled around himself and the remnants of his shirt were in a pile on the floor beneath him. Steve slowly walked to him and leaned to pick up the shirt. when he saw Bucky’s wings pull tighter around himself as Steve got closer he decided to let Bucky calm down first, before he tried to figure out what happened.
"Got any ideas on how to hide them?" Jarvis remained silent. Steve through his arms up in defeat and his wings twitched up with them. He put the couch and chairs back and went to shower.
“Congratulations my friends! I have seen many a warrior bond with each other, I hope you continue to open yourselves to the bond and find happiness in each other!” All of them stood in confusion but Tony was the first to break out of it. He turned and pointed to Peter.
"He recognized me... not me, not really, but, he saw that I was like him,” Steve raised his wings to indicate what he was talking about and also to wrap his shoulders in the soft down feathers, “pl-please, please help him?” Steve’s voice cracked and Tony pulled him into a tight embrace. He wished that he was the one who had wings, they felt so good to be wrapped up in and he wished that he could do that for Steve, make him feel protected, safe.
He sat on the towels with the washcloths soaking in the container of warm water next to him, he then proceeded to take his wing and pull it around him.
Loki returned a few minutes later with a grin on his face and two beaded bracelets in his hands. He quickly slipped one on Steve’s left arm and walked over to Tony, he held out his hand for Tony’s. Reluctantly Tony gave Loki his arm and Loki slid the cool beads onto Tony’s wrist.
“Wha-?” Tony didn’t get to finish that thought before he was engulfed in super soldier. The air around them was filled with the distinctive thudding sound of wing beats and Tony clung to Steve for dear life. It was like being in the suit, but at the same time nothing like it at all. Tony gazed up at Steve, his blond hair flopped onto his forehead. Tony lovingly brushed it away and kissed him breathless. He didn’t realize when they landed on one of the support beams he left exposed for Clint to climb on from nest to nest.
“You can leave any time you want, I am not holding you here. You know that. I just want to understand where this is coming from, Why are you being so quiet and listening to me. hell, you literally got yourself frozen just to fuck with HYDRA in the future, you are not someone to follow orders Steve, why are you now?” Bucky crouched down and placed his hand on Steve’s thigh, he looked up and caught those watery blue eyes and rubbed a thumb comfortingly over the back of his hand. “What changed? And don’t even give me that ‘I hurt Tony’ BS, i know you feel bad about that, but this started before Tony got hurt.” Steve shuffled for a while before finally giving in, he knew that Bucky wouldn’t let this go, and in all actuality, Steve couldn’t let this go either. It affected all of them.
He tried to imagine what to do, he would have to leave the team and the tower. He could hide his wings better now with the improved harness, but even in a disguise he would start to show. He could pass it off as him being fat but there would be a point where that just didn’t fit. (he didn’t even know what other changes might happen with his ‘unique physiology’)
As Bucky and Bruce made their way to the cell that Steve had told them they were he saw the carnage left behind. Steve had never been like this, not even during the war. There were body’s all over, most had bullets in their heads but then after he must have run out, there were snapped necks and knife wounds. Bucky couldn’t read the look in Bruce’s face as they maneuvered around a body that had been thrown against a wall so hard they died on impact. As they got closet the bodies got worse and worse, that however was nothing compared to the two who were in the room where Steve was curled around a bloodied naked Tony. he was visibly shaking and much smaller than he had been the last time Bucky had seen him. Bruce made a move to run over and begin helping but Steve tensed and made an animalistic sound so Bruce stilled. Bucky could see the gears turning in his head as he figured out what to do.
Bucky could feel his face drop at the mention of that bastard's name. He tried to hide it, but Steve saw it, Steve always sees. “Awe, come on Buck, I know ya don’t like him, but its good money. an' this time it's only one book for five dollars instead of the usual amount.”
sorry it took me a little longer to get this chapter out i wanted to figure out where i wanted this story to go. i was thinking i could turn this into a mpreg and if so who should have the baby. (Bucky?) what do you guys think? comment below what you would like to see and ill try to incorperate some of the ideas in if i can. as always please enjoy!
“I love you too, Steve.” Tony placed a chaste kiss on Steve’s dry lips before he looked up at Steve with a smile on his face and tears in his eyes. “You are the best thing that has happened to me in a long time.” They shared an indescribable look, it held their absolute devotion to one and other.
“How do you want to tell them?” Tony asked looking up into Steve’s uncertain eyes “you can’t exactly just walk into the common room without a shirt on.”
"I don't see anything too troubling, just some inflammation. I would like to continue to monitor it though, and if the pain gets worse come to me immediately."
“Steve just passed out, I don’t know what happened but we were just talking and then he got all glassy and feverish then just fainted on me, we need to get him down to medical.” Bucky nodded and dropped the knife and gun on the table and picked Steve up bridal style, he ran out to the balcony and jumped off, falling a few hundred feet before he opened his wings and glided down to the medical floor. Tony took the elevator.
“Oh, I know Steve. I just wish I could do something, I'm going crazy not being able to help you.” Steve gave Tony a sad smile and kissed Tony's burn on hand. “Thanks, We better head up to bed it's getting late.”
"Certainly Steve, Doctor-patient confidentiality after all. I won't tell anyone anything you don't want me to., and Jarvis won't let Tony access the files or security footage from our appointments"
"Think, Steve. Think." Steve is pacing his room, wings slightly unfolded and drawn close to him in an unconscious effort to look smaller.
“He has broken ribs and I think a punctured lung, he was coughing up blood when he was still conscious.” Steve told to Bruce and the various medical staff that began fluttering around the unconscious man that Steve laid on the stretcher.
“Alright Cap, how about I give you a lift?” Steve smiled and took hold of the suit. It was in a blink of an eye and Tony was on his back on the floor with Steve over him. Steve’s breathing and heart rate had spiked and his temperature was rising.
When he made it to Steve’s door he hesitated. “Are you sure about this? You don’t have to if you're not ready.”
“Steve?!” he picked up the little creature and cradled him in his hands. “I was so worried, I thought I had lost you. Don’t EVER do that to me again.” Steve's little wings fluttered against his fingers and he ran his forefinger over the shrunk soldier's head. Steve's little face scrunched into a pout and he grabbed Tony's finger. “ok, we should get you home.” Tony set Steve down in the shield and got back into the armor, then gathered Steve’s belongings and let him ride in the shield on the way back to the tower while the team finished up with The hydra agents.
When he walked off of the elevators it was strange that Rogers wasn’t waiting for him. He hasn’t done anything since the kitchen but he watches Steven and taunts him with his words, today however his normal seat on the couch was empty. Steven stiffened, if Rogers wasn’t in his normal spot that what chaos was he causing somewhere else?
Steve was looking through one of the glass windows on the vats to try and figure out what it was when he heard Tony’s panicked voice.
“where are you going in such a rush?” her tone was flat and didn’t divulge any of the anger she held for the man in front of her. Steve jumped when she spoke and whirled around wings pulled close and high, the look on his face was something she couldn’t name, her anger faded and turned to worry.
so what did you guys think? what should I do next? what do you want to happen? tell me below in the comments and leave kudos, Thanks!
Steve's door was open when she got there so she walked into his apartment. She surveyed the area and didn’t see him so she went further into the rooms to the bedroom. She pushed the door open and saw Steve, he was rumpled and still half in his suit wings dragging on the floor as he fluttered around the room, there was a duffel bag on his bed and he was rummaging through his closet for clothes, obviously planning to leave.
"Are you busy? I can come back later." Bruce looked up from the microscope obviously processing his presence there for the first time. Steve began to back out of the lab feeling unwelcome.
“Well, I need something that can break down that reinforced door, think you are up to the challenge?” Thor smiled back and clapped Steve on the shoulder.
“Sorry I didn’t quite catch that, once more.” Steve flushed more and then spoke again, slower and more deliberate this time.
“Come on Tony! It's time to get up.” he called yet again, perched on Tony’s chest, standing on the arc reactor. Tony groaned and rolled over so Steve had to jump onto the pillow before Tony crushed him. What was he thinking, Tony was hard to wake up when Steve was a full grown super soldier with the ability to make coffee, there was no way that he could wake Tony up in this state... Or maybe he could use his size to his advantage. It never stopped him before what size he was so why should he let it now. Tony shifted onto his back again and threw an arm over his eyes. Jackpot. Steve trekked over the pillow to Tony's hand. He held Tony's finger in his arms.
“Tony...” Steve breathed out. There was a ripping sound and Steve’s wings fluttered open. Tony was speechless, the huge wings spread from behind Steve the remnants of the harness fell from Steve’s body. Tony felt safe, covered entirely by Steve, Steve would take care of everything. Steve fumbled at his pants and pulled them off, Tony’s cock hit his stomach with a wet slap and then Steve had his pants off too. He started kissing Tony’s jaw and trailing down his neck, stopping to suck a bruise on his collarbone. When he made his way to Tony's nipples, he sucked and pulled at the little pink nubs, making them harden. He placed a single kiss in the middle of the arc reactor. Tony felt all the affection in the world with that single act. He had never felt that that part of him deserved love. Since Afghanistan, he had pretty much stopped dating and the few people who he had been with rather ignored it and never touched him there.
When he reached the lab where Bruce and Tony worked on their... well he wasn't exactly sure what they worked on. Tony was nowhere to be found probably in his garage working on one of his many suits or cars. Bruce was puttering around with some beakers and typing something into a hologram while looking back and forth between it and a microscope.
Tony stood in the middle of their two beds, his arms were crossed over his chest and Steve remembers the same look on his mother's face every time he came home after he got in yet another ally fight.
Steve got ready in record time, he had a lot more weapons on him than normal, but this wasn’t a normal mission and he didn’t feel particularly merciful to the people he was going to fight, he had two handguns and an assortment of knives on his person as well as his shield, he grabbed his comm and had Jarvis give him directions to Tony.
“You’d think we were fucking him into next week with the sounds he’s making.” Bucky calls over to Tony who simply smiles and pressed his fingers deeper into Steve’s oil gland. Steve chokes off a cry and stretches out his wings further in a silent command to continue.
“Wow, full name and everything.” Tony whispered to Bruce and in response Bruce pressed a little harder than he needed and Tony hissed out in pain and remained quiet as Bruce finished.
sorry for the short chapter but this chapter should give some background to the next chapter(s) that will be set in the past and show the extent of Steve and Bucky's relationship before and during the war.
“Steve?” Bucky’s voice was like he had been eating glass shards, Steve and him shared a look before Steve nodded and got down on the floor where Tony was still crouched, he reached up and held the wing joint in one hand and took one of the damaged feathers in his other. Tony put his hand on Steve’s shoulder as it tensed to pull the feather and he stopped, looking at Tony before letting go of the feather, watching as Tony crawled back onto the bed next to Bucky and push into his personal space, Tony lifted Bucky’s right wing and slid over so they were sitting with their sides touching before he draped the wing over his shoulders and took Bucky’s flesh hand in his, Tony pulled Bucky’s head to rest next to the arc reactor. Steve sent him a surprised look, but it faded into something soft and Tony started to run his hand through Bucky’s hair as he gave Steve the go ahead to pull. Tony continued to slowly stroke Bucky’s hair as Steve pulled out all the damaged feathers.
“Bucky? Would it be ok if I had my friend Tony wash them? He is the one that washes my wings and he knows more about it than I do. I can be here the entire time if you want.” Steve waited for Bucky’s answer, he would never do anything without his permission, he would never be like Hydra. Bucky hesitated before nodding his head, if Steve trusted him, then he could trust him.
He had the element of surprise, so many agents went down easy but it wasn’t as easy when he used up his bullets. he stooped down avoiding a punch and grabbed at the knife on his leg, and plunged it into the agent’s stomach, then he twisted the blade and pushed it down, effectively disemboweling the man before he moved in to the next, for this one he had a running start so he lifted up on his wings at the last second and kicked the agent in the chest sending them flying into the far wall with a sickening crunch. he had no time to spare, he ran on to the cell.
Bucky burst out of the bedroom in only his grey boxers and a knife in one hand and a gun in the other. Tony didn’t have time to question where he had gotten the weapons but it didn’t surprise him that Bucky had some stashed around.
“You good?” he glanced back at the Iron man suit. Tony nodded and then Steve broke into a run toward the doors that lead to the labs. He turned his body as he got closer and busted the door down. There was a cacophony of noise as the metal doors flew off their hinges and crashed to the cold cement floor. The residents of the room froze and then they ran dropping everything that they were doing, he caught most of them with the help of Iron man but one broke away to a large machine that was in the center of the room.
“Would it be okay if I washed your wings now? I know that you probably won’t be able to sleep, but at least this way you are nice and clean.” Bucky nodded his head and Tony moved to get up and get the washcloth and water that he left in the bathroom from before but Bucky kept his hand fisted in Tony’s shirt, and was keeping him from getting too far away. “I need to get the stuff to clean your wings so you are going to have to let go of me,” Bucky shook his head and got up with Tony. Tony went with it and walked to the bathroom to get the supplies, all the while Bucky held onto his shirt, following him like a little duckling. Bucky watched intently as he went through the act of warming the water and wringing out the washcloth.
“Have you come to take up my offer finally?” Rogers smirks and stands; he is a lot taller than Tony is. Tony watches his muscles ripple as he sets down his book and saunters over to crowd Tony against the wall with his bulk. Tony is reminded of their first meeting when Rogers sauntered up to him in the suit, seemingly obvious to the repulsor pointed at his chest and offered to Tony one of the things he had fantasized about since he was a horny teenager at M.I.T fucking his way through half the campus.
“Come on! My tits are still smaller than Steve’s are now!” her exclamation brought the atmosphere back to something softer. Bucky and Steve both burst out laughing their wings going from ‘fight’ to ‘happy’, Even Loki let out a small chuckle.
Tony and Steve stared at each other for a while before Tony jumped off of Steve like he was burned and got in the elevator, Steve let him go. He needed some time to gather himself and he assumed that that is want Tony needed as well.
“The interview is about your wings Steve, they are going to want to see them. I know it's not ideal, but I figured that it was better than you shredding another shirt like when we told the team.” Steve blushed remembering how embarrassing that was.
“I have no desire for anything you puny mortals possess, I merely wish to have some fun, it does get rather boring ruling Asgard on my own.”
“Oh, come on! That was just sad man, you have to actually TRY.” Clint called back. “imagine the advantage you could have during a fight. You could save people trapped in buildings and give air support.” This seemed to pick at the Captain's interest, he slowly opens his wings again and gave them a few flaps. He could feel the pull on his body, but didn’t leave the ground.
"The gland secretes oil to be used to groom and waterproof the wings, it's no wonder they are in this shape if the oil was never used. From now on I need to have me or someone else do this for you to keep them healthy." Bruce began gathering the oil and carefully spreading it into his feathers. Steve was loving the attention and went into a state of pure bliss, just vibrating with happiness. When Bruce finished he let out an unhappy sigh and then came back to himself.
big trigger warning on this chapter there is description of a gang rape by Hydra, if this triggers you please don't read
Bucky turned his attention back to Steve; he crossed his arms over his chest and sighed at the image of such a large man trying to be small.
Once in the lab Bruce locks the door and starts messing with things, soon there is an area in the middle where all the equipment is cleared away.
Luckily, Steve was able to Loki’s room by telling his lovers that he needed a run. It wasn’t a lie, he really did need to work off some energy, that just wasn’t was what he was going to do that second.
“Steve, it’s different now. Its ok to love whoever you want. You are not sick because you like men and whoever told you than can rot in hell for all I care.” Steve took a long inhale of breath, the feeling of air ghosting over Tony’s neck, and then he pulled back so he could look Tony in the face. His eyes were red and there were trails of tears running down his face but there was a look of amazement in his sad blue eyes.
They reach the final door leading to the level where everything took place. Steve brought his shield up and braced himself as he opened the door.
There was a groan heard from behind them and Tony rushed past Loki to get to where Steve was sitting up on the bed and looking around. She (he?) rubbed her head and blinked at Tony.
“Ok,” Tony was fidgeting and slightly shaking with pent up energy. “So, what you are saying is that if I had the serum in me, it would turn me into a girl?” Loki nodded and Tony continued. “But, because Steve already had a serum it can’t turn him, and now the only way to keep this thing from killing him is to turn him into a girl?” Loki nodded again.
“It should breathe so I am gonna leave the gauze off of it, just make sure to keep it clean, that means no workshop or any of those old band tee shirts that haven’t seen a washer in 20 years.” Tony visibly deflated but from the grin on his face Bucky could tell he wasn’t that mad. “Your turn Steve.”
“Buck-” his voice was cut off by a sharp intake of air before tears wetted his face. Bucky’s face softened and he let out a sigh before he opened his arms (and wings) for Steve.
All eyes turned to Tony. Steve and Bucky both had their wings up and were twitching them, bracing for a fight. Tony however was looking down at her new breasts, she brought her hands up and cupped the swells of flesh which were barely contained by her black tank top. She glanced up, hands still cupped around her boobs and zoned in on Steve.
“We entered through the back and took out the guards standing post to the doors, there are rooms which appear to be offices. Currently searching for information.”
When Tony woke up, he was in the guest bed of Steve’s floor in the middle of a super soldier sandwich. Steven was passed out in front of him with a calm smile on his features, which were smoothed from sleep. He could feel from behind him that Rogers was hard and ready to go again. Tony pushed his ass back into the cradle of Rogers’ hips and Rogers hummed while he came awake to the feeling of Tony’s naked ass rubbing his hard cock.
Tony woke tied to a metal table he was on his back and the room was dim around him, it was ice cold and he was naked as the day he was born. His head was foggy but he remembered fighting HYDRA and then his suit was gone, then a needle in his neck and he woke up here in this hell-hole. The metal door slammed open and the sound echoed off the walls of the room, antagonizing the migraine that Tony had.
“It is mainly bird DNA, but there were other unknowns in it, so be on the watch for any other changes"
Steve wasn’t mad. ok, he was a little… frustrated that was all, he finally had Bucky back and Tony was talking to him again, everything should be fine. but Bucky still won't talk to him, he goes quiet when Steve enters the room and he never leaves Tony’s side. Which Steve would be fine with, if he would stop covering Tony in his scent. Every night Steve has to rub all over Tony to mark him again and he is getting frustrated. He feels pent up so he had been taking it out on the gym but the punching bags are almost all gone and he is missing Tony. he only gets to see Tony at night now because he has learned to stay away or Bucky will get riled up.
Tony sat down on the side of the bed and saw only black for a moment, then his field of vision cleared and he grabbed Steve's arm. Carefully, he set his feet on the cold floor and slipped into shoes that were positioned there. Groaning, he stiffened and staggered, but Steve held him tightly. Reluctantly, he put an arm around Tony, and he let it happen. He immediately sensed the warmth emanating from the other and the strong grip that kept him from falling over. It was a bit difficult at first, but then Tony got used to his own load again and walking was easier. They walked slowly down the hall and got into the elevator, Tony a little more exhausted than he would like to admit.
A shadow erupted from the crowd and Tony straightened his shoulders. Slowly a man walked to him. Tony knew it was the madman walking in his suit. He did not move.
The director of SHIELD motioned for them to join him and waited for Natasha to arrive, who had taken a closer look at the room. The policeman stood a few feet away from the eight-man group and returned to an expressionless face.
The explosion was loud and powerful. Both Tony and Rhodey were thrown back. Just like before, the mechanic only heard the beeping in his ear. Then it was suddenly dead quiet.
"I've been caring all the time," Steve answered truthfully. Just a couple of hours after freezing Bucky, his thoughts had wandered back to his team and Tony.
But not with the man. Lasse Van Peeters had lost his wife while fighting in Vietnam, that’s at least what Natasha had told them on their way there. The only child, by this time with own children, was living in the Netherlands again, as Lasse's parents did, but he visited the father occasionally. Van Peeters had met his second wife in the army, but only five years later she had died in Afghanistan, Natasha explained, and Tony could remember his dismay.
"Stark, I want to help you," the voice continued. "For days now, your people are looking for the position of Burkwill - congratulations on finding the name, by the way - and yet you still do not know which city he is in. I have already given you a hint, Stark, because Burkwill would be incredibly angry, if you wouldn’t show up. That would not help you or your agent friends.
"Your actions have spoken quite differently. A cell phone, Rogers? A cell phone?" he shouted and Steve heard his desperation.
Maria Hill took a step forward. "Once we have reasonable information, you will get them right away. You all stay here, training, searching for information if possible, but not leaving the grounds until further clarification has been received from the United Nations. You have to fight the danger when it comes back. Tony will be taken care of." Her voice sounded resigned.
His brain played pranks on him. He also heard shouts for him, but that was certainly only in his dream, in which he fell again.
"And Tony?" He asked anyway. He wanted to hear what had happened. Was Tony ill? Injured? Dead? Because of him?
Tony frowned. "That's not possible, Friday has everything ...", Tony stopped and looked at Natasha's pleased face. "You’re impossible."
But nothing happened. Only when, after more than ten seconds, the black image slowly lightened, Tony exhaled. He did not know he had been holding his breath, but then he stopped again.
Slowly he tried to lift his trembling hands. His right arm did not obey, and a stabbing pain dragged from the heel of his hand to his shoulder. Sharply, he breathed in and squinted on the arm, which was littered by wounds. He swallowed when he saw the bones must have been broken and turned his head away as fast as he could.
Steve nodded. "Tony won’t like not to be allowed to attend the conference. He’ll want to talk himself."
Tony and the others nodded in approval. Nevertheless, this information did not help, the area where the missing persons could be was still too big.
The aliens turned to face the two men in the middle of the bridge and Tony could hear a load of weapons loading as Dragenbach turned to him and tore the alien hand from his shoulder. Tony screamed and could only see blurry for a moment, but the agent dragged him along and knocked the long claw of the dead
Steve put his hand over his eyes to shield them from the blinding sun and Natasha looked around attentively. Before turning to the old house number 73, Steve turned to the driver and thanked him. "You can drive around a bit, then the car isn’t so irritating around here. We'll call you when we need you again."
As his eyes darted around the room, he noticed that Steve had done exactly the same, and Vision kept an eye on the entire room as he put a cell phone on a cupboard next to him. Natasha was sitting on the back of one of the armchairs and Rhodey had sat down. Clint tapped something on a cell phone and told Barnes what he was doing. The soldier sat next to Wanda, who was nervously tapping her fingers on her legs.
“The fact that we were able to set up three guards resembles a giftedness of the brain. And he could still accept two more orders. But their urge to survive is high. If I had just given the order to head for Philadelphia, they would have arrived there, too. The
Steve touched the back of his head with his hand. "We have to assume that they have no more injured," he said quietly.
"I could have let you die, Stark," Burkwill said in the ghostly silence that had spread. Only Vision moved behind Tony as the Englishman spoke on. "This cave was easy to fill up, Rogers would have been an easy opponent, we could have even manipulated the water," he spoke in rage. Natasha looked attentively at her teammates and mouthed something that drew attention to the
Behind him, he heard Natasha and Steve move and could feel their two glances in his back. There was always a mezzanine floor between the real floors, and when he was at the second of those, he could not help but lean against the window and look out into the yard. There were three more stairs he had to walk, and his ribs were already starting to throb, and his heart started to pace. It was unbelievable how quickly the body was able to reduce muscle and capacity, and Tony needed a break.
Steve smiled slightly. That was the team he knew. When someone made the start, a darn situation was relaxed.
"We'll discuss that when we have the psychopath. Now we’ve got work to do," the mechanic answered. More restrained, he pushed away from the warm position and turned to his computer. "Friday, do you have something?"
"We can handle that, Tony," he heard Rhodey's voice close to his ear. He had not noticed that his friend had run to him. Rhodey's hand squeezed his shoulder, but he said nothing. He just nodded, trying to regain his composure. It was not the time to sink in self-pity. Not in front of all the people. His gaze shifted to Barnes, who was still standing motionless in the room.
A list of data was projected into the air, which probably recorded exactly these experiments. Natasha looked at them closely, but Rhodey shook his head. "He is
When he finally gave up his night's sleep, it was just before seven in the morning. The whole tower was still quiet, only sporadically could the mechanic see agents running in the big park. He was not hungry himself, but the pain began to fade away. Quickly he swallowed another tablet, foreseeing that this condition would not last long. At five o'clock he would have to go to the meeting, and until then he had a lot to do. With the elevator, he drove to his workshop, entered the codes and entered his own area.
Steve, with whom he had spent so many beautiful moments. Steve, with whom he wanted to spend his life, even though he knew it was never going to be the way he hoped the most. Something ached in his stomach and his shoulders stiffened. He looked around, searching for somebody to spy on him, but there was no one.
It was a small, relatively fat woman whose brown hair fell curly over her shoulder. She used a lot of Make-Up under her eyes and earrings rattled on her ears. Her dress style was relatively simple. She was wearing a cardigan over a T-shirt and grey jeans underneath. Her eyes were wide open when she saw Steve.
, Tony read quietly and knew Steve was doing the same. Tony gulped over the curious letterhead and once turned the paper to see if he was reading the wrong page, but the back was empty.
The thing with Bucky had happened almost three months ago. Had it hit him that hard? Steve had expected that Tony was not so good at talking to him, but that he was retiring himself?
sounds were caused by you, Stark." There was only a crash, and Tony certainly could not associate that with any event. It could be anything: Sokovia, Afghanistan, somewhere in the US. Everywhere where something has broken, where someone died.
Wanda had sat up with folded arms and looked worried in the room. Sam also tapped his foot uneasily but shook his head. "I think Steve's mind is to occupied with Tony to discuss his problems," he explained. "Why didn’t you even look in his room?" he asked Bucky.
"Come on, we're not here for dinner," Bucky urged, who had already run into the hangar. Clint followed, frowning, looking around. "But we will have to take one of the big planes."
Steve took a deep breath and Rhodey turned slightly as Maria Hill put a hand on Fury's shoulder and said something quietly into his ear. Fury nodded and put his hands in his side.
He straightened quickly, but one hand grabbed his leg. With beating hearts and too much adrenaline in his body, Tony looked down. "I’ll do it," Vision said weakly. "I cannot get out of here anyway."
He hobbled wordlessly to the door and turned back to Steve. "If you want something – a drink, a snack - then go to the fridge there. I’ll be back soon. Please don’t break anything. Friday, will you please stop him if he does?" he teased, watching Steve's lips twist into a smile.
It took a while, but Tony heard the fire and ambulance sirens before he could open his eyes again. He lay on the muddy ground. Water splashed beside him and Friday opened his mask so that cold rain fell on his face. People ran around and suddenly someone threw himself next to him and frantically said his name.
Tony flew back to the bridge and paused. Vision shifted weakly and straightened up on the last remnant of the transition. "Shit," Tony murmured again and looked around. The aliens on this side of the lake were all rushing in on Steve and Bucky, and the humans had long since taken up the fight against the Avengers and agents on the other side of the lake. Tony landed with a crash next to Vision, who looked at him disoriented.
At that moment, the plane landed on the deck, right on top of several creatures, slipped over the long platform and came dangerously close to Steve. Quickly he jumped several steps to the side, but that was not necessary. The small plane slowed down, shortly after it had overturned several of the creatures so that behind him was a swathe which was directly filled up with new monsters.
Tony looked at Steve and Natasha, who both raised their eyebrows. "The older one asked if the creature still says what it should say and the boy said yes. I remember exactly what he said then.
"He’s on it," answered Natasha immediately. Tony nodded and flew up again, after one last look at Steve and Bucky. "I'll take care of the tank," he shouted to them. "Rhodes!"
"You really don’t want to move here with your family, Clint?" He finally asked. "I could use a bit more modern company here, it's all so empty right now."
"And Rogers," Fury continued through the laptop. "Actually, you are still not in full permission to leave the quarters. We've made sure you're allowed in Boston but stay in the background as much as you can. We can’t use any further problems."
Steve spent almost half an hour digging. Again and again, he stopped, wiping the sweat from his forehead or checking the other's pulse and breathing. When he was done, he had no chance to take a break. He stood up too fast, and for a moment the whole cave turned, but he pulled himself together.
Tony pulled down the corners of his mouth and nodded approvingly, though Clint could not see it, of course. He heard more and more loud clapping from the audience. That was really why they were needed. Clint had understood.
"You know what I mean," he said at that moment. "The months before, you wanted to hide your problems but kept talking. Rogers here and Rogers there. I wanted you to know it before it comes to an end." Now Tony finally stiffened. Barnes turned to him with his mouth open, or perhaps to Steve, who could not move beside him either. Tony could only stare at the couch in front of him, he did not want to look at the other man. His mouth escaped something like a whimper. He took a deep breath. That was not allowed to happen now. It was not allowed to happen in general, but certainly not now. Steve was not like him, Tony knew that. And even if he always tried to persuade himself by little gestures of the other differently.
Tony froze. She could not see the screen? The road meanwhile hit quite a few danglers, but still pursued the rough north, should that really be a map. Tony reached for his cell phone to take a picture of the card so that Friday could read it, but it did not work. He could not open the camera and froze. The lunatic could not only avoid Friday, but also influence his cell phone.
Fury's shoulders slumped down and he sighed briefly, almost imperceptibly. "Since it is unclear how you can carry out missions independently of superordinate commands, the government says you should stay here. The Avengers are not allowed to participate in the search for Stark," he said. Steve's eyes widened.
"Oh, oh," Burkwill interrupted. "You need to calm down. After all, nobody feels up to an unpleasant visit from the police, right? I think I've found the problem with you, Stark. You have said it again. The dear Vision has by no means put
"Tony!" She exclaimed, relieved and Fury nodded. "Sam and Scott cannot come yet. We will tell them later. How are you? Wanda? Rhodey, Tony? Steve?"
"Are you all right?" Tony asked again. Clint nodded and pulled his bow out again. "Everything’s great. Thanks."
"Yes," he replied curtly. He gritted his teeth and Tony could understand his annoyance. He would feel the same way if he was not allowed to operate. But at least that was about him, not Steve. He did not want to allow feelings, but he was glad that the soldier wanted to fight for him.
"We'll meet again here at sunset. If you have Tony, you're going to fly right away. So I know tonight at the latest that we have him back. Alright?"
"I looked in which direction West was. And those tracks ran just that way. So, I followed them, always west. It was cold that day and I had a headache, but I kept running. For two hours, until the tracks suddenly disappeared."
Far from it was the main building of the flying ship. The large complex, which was built of grey steel, was littered with antennas and other equipment.
Steve had turned quieter and looked at Tony in the end. He sniffed his nose and cleared his throat when he felt he had to cough again.
Vision shook his head. He spoke weakly. "Is not it. I wanted to give something back for being picked up. I wanted to bring the others back because you need them. You need the captain. But more important is that everyone else needs you, Tony."
"You can enlighten us about the information you and Mr Rogers have gathered, and what we know about Wilson, Lang, Miller, Smith, Dragenbach and Khatib." Fury had meanwhile returned to his seat and sat down. Tears came to Tony's eyes, but he was glad he could stand now. Once again, he coughed and then cleared his throat. Rhodey pushed a water down to him.
His clothes were even more water-filled than he thought was possible, and his shoulder exploded with pain. For a moment, Tony thought he did not have the strength to kick his legs and swim to the surface of the lake, which moved away from him at a great speed. There was a rush in his ears and he suddenly had memories of Afghanistan, so he was panting with panic. He choked and coughed, but at that moment a hand grabbed him and pulled him up with enormous force. When Tony broke through the water, he was in a cave.
"Rhodey," he said, and had to stop, for a torrent of nausea came over him and he choked. Natasha and Steve made him lean forward a bit, but nothing left his empty belly.
"I have to check something," he muttered, more to himself than anyone, and escaped down the hall to his room. He closed his heart like the door he slammed shut, at least he told himself. Quickly he turned over the old key, then, shaking and staggering, stared at his cell phone and entered the number he never forgot.
Only for a brief moment, the two broke away, in which they whispered exactly the same thing at the same time: "I love you."
The rain drummed on him and the street as Tony shouted at the traitor. He barely noticed Burkwill slapping his hand like a madman in the lap and laughing.
"We can’t get in the car. Pepper will collapse. We must help her now. If she’s not in good shape, I won’t do shit for you if she isn't okay."
Tony looked at his watch. It had been two hours since he had gone down. "They’ve been faster. Request access, that's easier. If they don’t grant it, go in yourself."
Music began to play, which Tony might have expected in a western movie. A guitar jingled while the red line continued to describe its path. Now it had made a strong north-westerly turn, and as the lane began to take a nearly linear course, the sound of a striking bomb blared from the loudspeakers. Tony winced and held his head, feeling immediately reminded of Afghanistan. The noise was about to fade as it repeated, louder this time, but screams were heard in the background. Tony could not hide a small tremor of his hand. At that moment the door opened as Steve entered. Within the last few days, Tony had given him an access key so he would not always have to open the door for the soldier.
Burkwill raised his hand as if to say that he should be quiet. "One moment. You have not seen the best yet."
It took a minute before Steve nodded enough for Tony to notice. By now he had closed his eyes and listened only to the regular heartbeat of the larger one.
Sighing, Steve turned around. It was true that such information had to be kept secret, but it bothered him. He would like to go to the people who threatened the United States, and especially those who had hurt Tony so much. And if he was there, he would kill them all.
He heard the two men behind him being thrown to the ground behind the bridge. The aliens stopped where they were and Tony could only hope that Wilson and Khatib understood what he wanted to say.
Steve saw that Wanda kneaded her hands restlessly and heard that Bucky exhaled a bit louder than usual. Both were restless and both had their reasons to feel so.
Tony still felt the blood dripping from his nose and lips and from his temple. He had to offer a gruesome sight. Nevertheless, he nodded weakly. "Leave the hand in your shoulder. I don’t want you to complain anymore how bad you are. Your little friend will feel better soon. Are you satisfied now?"
But then Bucky moved into his field of vision and put a hand on his shoulder. "Come with me," he demanded, pushing him forward. Steve let himself be carried away. It took barely twenty minutes for all the Avengers to stand on the lawn and get archery explained.
I'd really love to read what you all think of that chapter. I enjoyed writing it. And I'd love to just hear something from you. Criticism or just the things you liked. I can't correct grammar mistakes or fix plotholes or whatever if you don't write. And it's also kind of sad to write that much and getting like no response to all of it. So, yeah. I'd love to read something from you.
He stiffened as he recognized the face. Pepper was also noticeably restless and Burkwills grin did not help to calm the two. Tony grabbed Pepper's arm to give her a little grip and felt Steve's hands on his shoulders.
"Any help he can get means that he can go to a place where Avengers actually live when he comes back. If you go looking for him, SHIELD and the government might have to take steps to secure the states. I'd damn you imprisoned again." Fury looked at Scott, then glanced at Clint, Sam, Wanda, Bucky, and finally Steve. "It was hard enough to save Stark from his “I-just-break-all-gear" action. We can’t get you all out of captivity again. For Tony's sake; don’t you fucking go."
"Are you releasing the prisoners now?" He finally asked after a pause but did not turn away from Vision.
"How many analgesics did they give to me?" He asked Steve. He felt like his brain needed time to process everything.
Annoyed, he rolled his eyes. "Tony Stark. I kinda got into an explosion because of my work - I save the world by the way, you know - but didn’t fall on my head. I wouldn’t be here if I had. I don’t suffer memory loss. Just keep going, please, don’t waste my time."
Steve shrugged. "Not that I know. I didn’t ask about the attack, but rather how he was doing. Lieutenant Rhodes talked to him, though. I thought he already told you everything."
At that moment, the elevator doors opened and together they got out and headed for Steve's room, where they had been sleeping for two weeks now.
"Shit," Tony swore and he also clearly felt the tension of Steve behind him. Suddenly the picture moved again and a bright light opened. The camera took a moment to adjust to the new lighting conditions before one could see that Scott Lang was holding a match in his fingers. They were still in their suits, which was once a good signal, but then Tony saw why the light was turned on. The camera was held on a young woman whose nose was obviously suffering from severe frostbite. She had scratches all over her face but slowly raised her arm. A wound had been provisionally attached to a blood-soaked cloth, but Tony could guess what it would look like underneath. Steve passed his hand over his head. As a former soldier, he had already seen enough of such injuries and knew that in the cold and without aids such a huge wound on the forearm could quickly be life-threatening.
"So you think somebody of the attackers might be watching this? Were there humans involved, like in Sokovia or New York?", a female jounalist asked.
"It works," Tony heard another voice talking. "Hello? Hello!" the same voice asked, and you could hear someone knocking on a microphone.
The archer laughed. "I’m glad that Laura allows me to contact you at all. I don’t want to spoil my chance and I also really need the country air. We will visit you again and again. Have to see if little Steves will be around soon! "
"We will find him and then make a plan together. You, me, Natasha, Rhodey, Clint, Wanda, Vision, Fury. Bucky," Steve whispered so softly that Tony had to prick his ears. Carefully, as if it could break, Steve took Tony's bleeding hand in his and slowly wrapped the bandage around. Only gradually did Tony's tug go off, and when Steve spoke again, the mechanic collapsed in his arms. "We can do it together."
"I thought of you while I was waiting for Burkwill," Tony said quietly. "I thought about what else I should have told you. In the jet. Or in the cave, or in Sokovia. When he was there, I knew it was too late. There were so many." Tony took a breath, trying to dispel the images and the fear from his memory. "Thank you for coming."
"Rhodes?" He repeated, louder this time so his two assistants responded. With their hands they pointed to the helicopter in front of them and a bunch of people in there. Words that could mean something like "Everything's good" came to Tony's ears, which were now whistling and roaring again.
Tony's mouth was dry when he read and it hurt when he remembered to swallow. He felt Steve slipping closer to him.
Tony shook his head. "I forgave you long ago. If you came back a week later, it would have been okay." He laughed sarcastically. "There was only my ego that was to big to call you. Still, you could have told me about my parents earlier," Tony tried to joke, but it fell flat. Steve froze, as if afraid.
Horrified, Steve shook his head. No, that wasn’t Tony. He would never lock himself up instead of helping others.
Shocked, Steve stopped and breathed loudly. He stared nervously at the tree and squinted, but then he suddenly ran. A branch scratched sharply at his upper arm, but he didn’t care, he kept running.
The inventor thought of his visit to some government facilities. The technique used to protect the US was state-of-the-art. Partly his inventions were included, too. A team of many MIT graduates dealt with the equipment. He himself knew some of them personally. They were incredibly intelligent people, constantly looking for improvements.
His thoughts jumped to Vision, who had always cooked and had become really good. His smile died shortly. "Did you invite Wanda? For the next time?"
'Take something to eat with you, if you go searching - NF', was written on it with a spangled handwriting and finally, Steve could smell the buns. For a moment he just stared at the bag, then smiled slightly. With his hand, he grabbed a bun from the bag and pushed the door open.
Rolling his eyes, Rhodey shook his head. "I can’t be your babysitter. I have to go to New York right away. We have to attend a press conference.  Every single media agency claims to know something different about the great hero of America, Anthony Edward Stark. We’ve got to put an end to it."
"Look, I don’t know what happened, and maybe I'll never know, but at least you should get it together. Because of you, the whole thing has escalated, but now it's over. The others need you. As a team, as it used to be."
"I'm sorry," he whispered again, then picked up his wrench and put the last few handles on his new suit.
"Wait," sounded Visions voice through the earpiece. "We will attack from two sides at the same time. The creature is not very fast because of its mass. It should not be able to react quickly enough."
"Tony, get away," a voice whispered in Tony's ear at the same time. Steve's voice. And Tony knew that the soldier was right. Something would happen, he felt it, but he could not move his suit. "Friday, what's going on?" he asked in panic.
Anxiously his mediators looked at each other. It took them some seconds before one to his left raised his voice carefully. The long gray hair fell asymmetrically into the man's face and Burkwill wrinkled his nose in disgust. "They're scared," he suggested rather than answering it.
"So you painted this picture?", Natasha asked and showed her the picture on the phone. The woman nodded and waddled to one of the cupboards to fumble with it.
at the head of a baffled, smaller alien. Screaming, he jumped over the boundary of the bridge and made sure that Tony flew with him when the shots fell. While the two men were leaping, the mechanic could see something gray racing past him, but then he fell through the surface of the cold water.
This was something Tony had to do alone. He knew Steve would tell Barnes ... he would tell Bucky, probably immediately after he left. Probably the other Avengers would now know that he was gone. But they could not find him. They had to wait until they had more information and they could not track him, Tony had taken care of that.
"Unfortunately, I lost contact just over an hour ago, he left the plane without technology, I cannot contact him."
Tony swallowed. He had known the danger, but such a threat was not something you just put away quickly.
Rhodey nodded. "I stay here in the woods," he finally said. "I've been here for a while, I've searched more. So we don’t search twice. Go to the beach. I'll see you tonight."
With a loud cry, Burkwill rammed the knife into Lang's shoulder, who screamed instantly. Tony pulled himself out of the hands of Vision, who didn’t even attempt to hold him back, but stood there stunned. At the same time, he opened his suitcase and set up the Iron Man armor that flew directly to Pepper, who was still asleep, while Dragenbach jumped up and pushed Burkwill back. Kima yelled something in the language of the aliens, and the Iron Man armor that controlled itself grabbed the writhing Scott Lang. The aliens screamed, and some people fired with some weapons, but Friday maneuvered the armor out of the fight. Dragenbach had jumped up and stood back to back with Tony, his fists in the air. Burkwill pulled himself up and cuffed dirt from his suit-pants.
"But she didn’t really know why. She was apparently drunk and had taken a long time on the way back to her home, so she couldn’t explain it. When she got home she painted and did not realize until the next day what was on her sheet. At least that's what she wrote under her post."
"Very precisely drawn. Why didn’t she publish the picture earlier, she could’ve made money with it."
"That's why I get in touch. We have received a signal, albeit weak. It came from an area east of Trondheim, Norway, but it came over several corners to us and was sent off days ago. We don’t know where they are now, but I can send you what we have. Maybe that's the same as what you know."
Tony felt all the people in the room get more attentive and exchange worried looks. He reached for Steve's shoulder with his hand so as not to fall over. The soldier handed him the glass of water Rhodey had given him earlier. After he drank, it got a little better with his coughing.
"Can you," he groaned and hobbled on, "start up all the equipment, please? And make sure nobody can come down."
"Then why did you write that damn letter to him," Rhodey answered, his voice breaking in the end. "Do you have any idea how bad he was?"
Tony turned back to face Steve. He was a bit pale around his nose but still looked determined. The soldier had fought in the war, he saw when someone was lost. The woman would not have made it another three days if she did not get help from somewhere.
"Good point," Rhodey answered. Tony could tell that he'd trusted him to travel the entire US without further information, hoping to find the psychopath.
Steve touched the back of his head and Natasha stiffened her shoulders. Tony also raised his eyebrows in irritation. He did not expect that. The pictures would be useful for further analysis of the creatures and perhaps give information about their origin.
That was too much Tony. "Without you, she wouldn’t even have such pain, shut up, you mendacious, dirty piece of -"
I posted that story on a german page and finished months ago but kind of missed it to post. And since another story I’m working on isn’t finished yet and I’m scared that Avengers 4 will destroy my will to live, I thought, why not post it now? I also was told to post here, so why not.
Steve had forgotten that he had another job. But he nodded. Slowly, he started toward the door, certain that anyone who stood there was staring at him or at the burning point in the air right now.
"And Vision is ...", he finally asked, what was going on in his mind all the time. He did not finish the question. Steve would understand him.
As he spoke, he paid close attention to the reactions of his listeners. Everyone stared at him spellbound, but he could see many confused eyes. Is was foreseeable. It was annoying.
I would love to know what you think of this chapter. Not getting any feedback at all is kind of depressing. It also doesn't really help to improve the story. So, I'd really like to read something from you all.
"Where is she now?", Tony distracted himself from his thoughts and spoke again to Wanda. The woman had become quieter since Visions death and she didn’t always appear for dinner. Once she had disappeared for two days and they had all feared the worst, but she had only moved to the city because she needed space.
clawed at Tony and grabbed him painfully. Tony cried out for a moment, but then the creature pulled him to his feet with a force that almost made him collapse again if the claws would not stick in his shoulder. Mucus dripped onto his head and the creature murmured something over and over again. Tony whined as the thing tightened its grip. It felt like his shoulder was about to be ripped out.
Only then did he realize that Burkwill shouldn’t even know that he had talked about Steve with his remaining teammates because he had always been careful. Unless the security leak really was Friday. Or one of the teammates he trusted so much. Natasha, Vision, Rhodey. He swallowed. It could not have been one of them, and Friday was safe, too. Maybe there was always a little microphone near him. Tony remembered Ant-Man, who had finally walked into his suit. The information must have taken this way to get to Burkwill, he told himself frantically.
Less than two hours later, life came to the park. It was still raining, and Tony was terribly cold by now. The water had somehow come under his armor and he felt soaked to the bone. He shivered and knew that he was allowed to be happy if only he had a simple cold after that.
Now they all sat in the large living room of the Avenger headquarters and looked at the screen. Nothing was heard except the newsreader. Rhodey groaned occasionally as if trying to hold back his emotions, and Clint had grabbed Natasha's arm to make sure they were allowed to be here.
Bucky stood in front of it and looked at the crowds in front of the building. On an uncomfortable wooden chair sat Nick Fury, who nodded to the group as they arrived. Wanda got up from her chair and walked to Steve to kiss him and Clint on the cheek three times, as was customary in Sokovia. Just recently she had started greeting them this way.
"I had to persuade the police that an accident happened at the Lieutenant Callahan Tunnel," he replied. Tony closed his eyes. The tunnel was in the north of the city, and if Burkwill had such means, his followers could certainly organize a huge show that would keep the press and police away from them for a long time.
The colonel quickly looked at his cell phone. "But I'll have to leave now. The conference will start soon. It was nice to finally see you alive!"
"I'm not here to bring you something to eat," Steve walked over to Tony and leaned against a table a few feet from the man. He studied his teammate. "The therapy was painful?"
Slowly, Tony felt the painkillers begin to work again. His eyelids grew heavier and it took some effort to keep his face upright.
Although Tony could see the dim sky on the edge of his field of vision, he could not say whether he slept for a long or a short while. He woke up often. Mostly just for a few seconds, before his body took him back to the areas of feverish dreams. He almost always saw Steve, explosions, his parents, sometimes even the wormhole back in New York.
His eyes scanned the room, searching for information he might have forgotten since yesterday. The stranger had shown himself here, but why? From the looks of it, he could be pretty much anywhere and easily kill several agents. If he just wanted Tony, he would have an easier game, he could have simply kidnapped the mechanic.
It took fifteen minutes before Dum-E, with the help of Tony and an outdated prototype of an Iron Man suit, honed the creature to one of the few open spaces in the workshop.
Steve had often seen the City Hall in New York, but never so crowded. Hundreds of reporters and spectators gathered in front of the building and filmed and photographed the incoming private plane greedy. Not only were the Avengers in there, but it was also unusual to get a permit to fly over the city.
have not failed”, he stated quietly. They had to pay attention to get his words. They had to listen carefully. “And yes, Lady Elise is right: they still write about politics. This is the eternal weakness of the people: they do not see the real problems. While writing about politics, a ship of aliens has attacked a city not long before. People have died.
Tony straightened his shoulders and nodded stiffly. He would not show any weakness now. The screen was still black, but Tony knew that Burkwill could see them all.
"Because we do it," he explained and was quiet. Cameras click. He waited a bit before continue talking. "Because we have protected you all from catastrophes and it’s our job to keep doing that. And yes, we’ve made mistakes."
Before Tony could answer, Friday talked on. "Miss Romanoff wants you to go upstairs, the painter of the picture could be found."
"I'm really sorry, Tony. I know what I did wrong," murmured Steve to Tony. Tonys eyes didn’t shine the way they used to, he recognised. They didn’t show the joy of the mechanic as they used to, they merely showed how broken the man was.
“As I said," Clint went on, "he hardly appears in public, in some cases he was suspected to be ill or even dead, but this is always revoked by reports. SafetyWorld regularly thanks him for millions of dollars of donations. And since the media hardly knows anything about him, they try to get as much as possible," Clint finished, answering the agent's question.
The lights of the houses were all off, rarely could you hear a dog barking when his master came back from the tiring work in the evening just to ignore his pet and put his feet up. Probably the wife would bring a cool drink quickly and then put on the TV with the football program, Tony thought.
"It's just after three o'clock in the afternoon. Now put the tools away, it's important," she said, staring at Tony emphatically.
"Gladly," he answered, laying aside the pen he was playing with. He turned to his screen, hoping Pepper would start a video call. He waited until Friday connected them.
Rhodey waited to answer for a moment. "People who want to kidnap Tony. People who want to stop me from looking for Tony. People who got Tony into the situation."
Clint was still clinging to Tony's armor. "She's the best," he shouted to the wind and was dropped off on the overturned ice cream truck.
Friday said nothing, but Tony felt the grenade explode next to him again. He shook his head. "Do you have anything new about the slime from that thing?"
"I still believe that signing the agreement would be wrong. I was free to decide, and I did," he replied, looking down into Fury's eye.
"I just want you to know that if you have stupidity in your head, you have no chance. I know your Avengers are just not able to come. For that, I thank my ... business partner. And I also know that when you stepped out the window, you had not told anyone about your plan. But I want you to know that none of your friends, whether Avenger or Agent, can help you here. We have a deal, right?"
"No," Wanda answered. "It has to be one of those beings. Probably a bit bigger than the rest. Do you see that?"
Two new men came running from the bridge side toward Tony and forcibly tried to pull him away from the
Then, with all the strength he could muster, Vision opened the hood of the shell and threw the grenade into it.
The sound clearly indicated that the line had been broken off, and Friday had a channel appear on a screen that would broadcast the press conference.
"The alien technique must be far above ours if the ship was not discovered because of camouflage," he replied. "Do you have a plan from the ship?"
As the monster ran towards him, he quickly turned to avoid the deadly hit of the big claw. With a roar, the creature turned back to Steve when he noticed no resistance on his hand. Angrily, it looked at the captain. At least that's how Steve felt, he was not sure if the creatures had emotions.
There was a brief silence in the lab as the two waited for the message to be sent to them. Steve got up and walked over to Tony with his arms crossed, looking at the screen. A video opened on the monitor. Tony sat upright and Steve leaned forward a bit to see more. It was dark, you could hardly see anything on the screen. Some cluttered images shot across the black area, then suddenly the sound switched on. Dull and distorted, one could hear a deep voice saying "test, test".
have the weapons," the man whispered suddenly. The mouth disappeared and a picture of a clearing appeared. Behind some trees, one could see the ocean faintly. The sun cast some shadows on the ground. Five people sat there. Tony recognized Wilson immediately. He had seen the three agents next to him before, too. The other man had to be the Ant-Man. The five wore only scraps of what once could have been clothes. In the room, some people were moving restlessly. The five of them were kneeling on the muddy ground, looking closely into the camera with their faces drawn in battle.
Only after a short break, the third agent spoke up. He had an unusually high and soft voice for his height and stature. "Stark is now a matter for the government and SHIELD. Residents and professional teams will search every square feet. The time remaining before the next attack must be used by excessive training to prepare us. Not only the United Nations and the inhabitants of any place on this planet rely on your commitment; even Stark does, for when he returns. He will want to find a working and solid attack plan. Your job will be to train together, as a team, as the Avengers, and be ready when you need it to be." He stood still for a moment. "You shouldn’t spend your time looking for Stark, but for team building and strengthening. With training and investigations.”
He was about to finish his Mark XLVI, the 46th suit. There might be a time he actually had to suit up again, the guessed. He has not used his armour since the fight, but he had to pass the time somehow. At the beginning, there were Rhodey's legs, afterwards he worked on a variety of small technologies and the suits of Natasha and Rhodey and finally on his very own.
Tony told himself that everyone was fine because he had other problems to deal with. His new suit caused him problems in some places. A lighting feature did not really work. A small matter, but if one thing did not work, there would be problems elsewhere, so he had the suit scanned again, so he could deal with it again after the therapy.
"Fuck," Tony finally mumbled. He probably has never felt so helpless. His own feelings of guilt were forgotten and the pain, too. Tony did not want to know how Steve had felt the last few hours, with his best friend in surgery and in mortal danger. And yet he had been sitting here when he woke up. Strangely enough, Tony felt proud and felt a feeling he had not allowed for ages: love.
"If you need something, call, or write. And if we get more information then you'll come to the living room, otherwise, I'll have to break the door, and Van Peeters will not like that."
did not previously disable the other flying Avengers, he would have done it. Contrary to his attitude to killing strangers, he would not let any of his teammates die. The penultimate command of the
Again, the pressure built in his chest and Tony clenched his hands into fists. "That damned piece ..." he heard Steve mumble, continuing to read on his smartphone.
"Do not bother tracking. That makes no sense. Where were we? Right. The traitor. Henry Anderson, handsome young guy. Had a great career before him as a computer scientist. Unfortunately, he is young and needs money, too bad. He is hardly to blame, he had to pay for his mother's surgery. She was injured years ago on her vacation in Washington, DC. Due to a helicarrier, she had badly injured her legs. Has been sitting in a wheelchair with the money ever since, which Henry's little brother is no longer using for college. The poor had to drop out of school and now wait for a bad apartment in Kansas City. But that doesn’t interest you, does it?"
"Tony, it doesn’t matter what happened back then in Siberia, this is not about you or Rogers or anyone else," Natasha urged. She went a step closer. "This is about the world. And you must help protect her. Several people,
, had been constantly reporting to this psychopath these past weeks and months. He had informed him of secret and intimate things, and it was not unlikely that he was one of his people. If Burkwill even knew about events before the return of Steve and his people, it must have been Natasha, Rhodey or Vision.
"And now we can connect those power issues with the attack from today," Hill finished, nodding to Natasha. "Smaller and larger power failures have been reported on various points in New Jersey and New York. We can only guess, but it seems likely that the attack is related to the failures."
"What's that?" she asked pointing to the beach. Clint didn’t see where she was pointing to, his field of vision was too limited by the equipment, but Bucky ran to her so he could see better. His narrowed eyes suddenly widened as he realized what Natasha was pointing at.
"What are you thinking about, huh?" Steve asked at that moment, finally pulling him out of his thoughts. Still, the two stood in front of the elevator, in a tight embrace, and Tony did not really want to leave. He shook his head and turned away from Steve, only to take his hand and pull him to the couch, where he snuggled up against him.
"I found you," he mumbled and took a step forward. "I've found you," the captain muttered again and again.
The dispute has developed, then the splitting of the Avengers, the fight and finally, today, the others came back. And Tony? He left.
With his pinky finger he covered the nostrils, while the whole hand was pressed to the mouth. With the other he stroked gently back and forth, down the neck and up again.
He stopped trying to move his legs and instead tried to focus his eyes on what he could see, but next to the beige sandstone and the blue sky, he only saw yellow and white. Like a desert, these colors stretched across the ground as far as he could see. He thought he heard water rushing, but his brain had to play a joke on him because now everything went black again.
She scrolled down and showed Steve a paragraph written next to a picture of the monster from the movie "Alien." Tony had forced Steve to watch what he considered to be the most important movies he had missed, practically as a homework assignment.
Tony could imagine Clint staring intently at the report Barnes must have given him. Steve took a breath behind him and Tony wrinkled his nose.
"He's unconscious," came the news of the flying who immediately tried to get the War Machine behind their own lines.
"Boss, wouldn’t it be better if you’d rest, as you were told?" Friday commented on Tony's cursing attempts. But he only shook his head and answered nothing. "Dum-e, will you bring me tweezers and a test tube, please?"
, and was about to storm to Burkwill, but the claw seized him again and pulled him back. Pain exploded in his ribs and he was breathing heavily as he screamed.
Tony did not hear him anymore. Steve's hand was still on his arm, not letting off of him as he stared at the spot where the man had just shown himself. He was fifty, at most sixty years old, and looked well-groomed. And he had threatened him, with the death of other men.
Pictures of Tony were shown in the background, then shots of the flying ship. Shots filmed from a helicopter were cut in to reveal the extent of the battle.
"Then make sure that no information leaves the quarter from her. Turn her off in this room and in the SHIELD department as well. We have a security hole and it needs to be closed."
Tony thought of Steve and Bucky Barnes, who were supposed to be his teammates, actually his family. He wondered how his father would think about the fact that the best friend of his hero, the murderer of himself, was working with his useless son in an avenging team. A bitter smile played around Tony's lips, but he wasn’t happy.
He ran his hand over his face and tried to understand why the newspaper had published this article. He caused nothing but fear, which was perhaps justified, but far from helpful.
At first, Steve only noticed Tony's head and torso, which was covered in wounds and dirt. In some places the skin was burnt and peeled off, on others, it festered from inflamed wounds. Steve's breathing was much too fast and he had to blink again so that tears did not blur his vision. His gaze wandered down the body and suddenly hung. There was nothing where the legs should be. Another wave of panic overcame him and a whimper left his mouth. If Tony was lying here without legs, it would be a miracle that he was not yet bleeding to death, and it would be even more of a miracle if he survived the transfer to a hospital.
It only took a couple of seconds before the unconscious showed the expected reaction. Although Tony Stark was mentally absent, his body wriggled under the hand of the unannounced visitor. Not much longer than necessary, the person held his hand over his mouth and nose, then took it off again. The damaged body below hissed air, but did not wake. Almost relieved, The Person left out a silent sight.
Tony, who had since parted from Pepper and Rhodey, sat up straight. The image was projected into the center of the room, from where everyone could see it.
About twenty feet away from the creature, both made themselves ready to attack again and flew off at the same time.
"Come on up," Steve said in greeting. "Most of the others are in the living room." He quickly ran to the mechanic and wanted to pull him up, but Tony got up first.
Tony was still staring at the spot where Burkwill's face has just been visible. His mouth was dry as he thought again about the words he had heard.
"In the background of the video, we can confirm the Atlantic," he continued. "The sounds indicate that the video was filmed nearby a large body of water and this must be the Atlantic. Barton just pointed out that the plane, which you can see in the background," he pointed to a point in the sky that was barely big enough for Tony to see on the small screen, "is just starting up or landing."
After that time The Person slowly moved out of the room. No one would know that The Figure had been here. Only if they looked closely they could they see on the surveillance screens that the time on one of the small monitors did not change for a quarter of an hour. But no one would pay attention to such trifles. The information would find its way to the employer, secretly and safely, as always.
After only a few minutes - the first cup of coffee was emptied fairly quickly - Tony was completely immersed in his work. The nightmare and all other bad thoughts were pushed aside, and Tony slipped into his own world.
Carefully, he raised his arm and threw the part away, out of the cave. It did not fly far, and when Tony reached for the next part, he changed his throwing position as best he could.
"It also states that camera shots showed that the brain had ears, and thus by appearance alone - not just the size - is different from the other beings."
As the doors opened softly, his thoughts finally wandered to his experiments down in the workshop. The only pastime that made him forget all of that. Never, when he concentrated, did he think of Steve, Bucky, his mother or his own past. He sank into his work, often ate nothing, drank too little, worked through thirty-six hours at a stretch, sometimes even longer, when no one came down to remind him he needed to sleep.
Vision had closed his eyes, he was already thinking, maybe looking for ways to find the man. Wanda was still staring at the Winter Soldier.
Steve shrugged and gestured to Tony to open the package. Still, the two stood facing each other and the mechanic knew that Steve was scrutinizing him as he slowly opened the side of the package.
Clint's eyes slid back over the white sand below. Some sandstone formations were all over the beach and created shadows. Suddenly Natasha stirred.
"Keep going", Steve roared back. At least the heroes had to try otherwise the whole US could be lost. The whole east coast was under threat, and if that was done, the creatures would certainly go further.
Burkwill's look stiffened. "Somebody probably misunderstood something," he said softly. "I am the one who makes the demands. You, my dear, are just a gift."
Here they were. In Boston, in the city where it would probably end. A psychopath had piloted him and his comrades into this city and they had barely more than a day to find their exact location before either he, Tony or the agents and Avengers were killed or arrested.
"The things work exactly like a brain," Wanda told them, who had apparently captured the combat tactics of the monsters. "They all use the same movement sections."
"There was no official commando on the team not to go and search for Mister Stark", Fury stated. "But there was the question whether they should leave the Headquarters for safety reasons. Especially concerning Mr Rogers, but", he said with empathy, "that wasn't communicated properly by the time he and Mr Rhodes had left, so they did absolutely nothing wrong."
Tony shook his head. He might not be good with emotions, but he understood that much. Steve said what he meant. A sting ran through his heart as he recalled the other's face. The sadness, the pain, when he had left him.
The analysis of the mucus Tony had found on the creature led to nothing. The chemical composition was similar to polysaccharides in the normal nasal mucus that could be found all over the world. The few percents of deviation could neither Tony, nor Friday explain and also described it as trivial. It led to nothing. Still, Tony told his AI to keep thinking about it but then turned back to his Iron Man suit after the last one was destroyed very quickly. The feeling that he would soon need it again occupied him.
Steve had been watching the photos on different screens all the time, trying to figure out where these creatures came from, using the files and what they knew. He had read quite a few reports.
, he thought, looking at the others who must have thought the same. Nobody spoke. It was obvious to everyone that they were not allowed to search, that they had to stay here. Furthermore, Steve did not move an inch and the others seemed lost in their own thoughts.
"This won’t be a fun class trip to go wild, alright?" Clint said seriously. "This is about hard training."
"According to the language code ISO – I think - 639-2 it’s Persian and two more languages?" Tony recalled.
The mechanic thought of his boyfriend and the demotivation and disinterest the first days that nearly broke his heart. But he also thought of pride when he knew he was the only one who kept Steve going.
he had answered. The next day Cameron Daily had been found dead, trying to build a bomb that should have killed presumably Stark. Peter had to get the book out of the dead man’s safe. It was easy to see that Daily did not get further than page eight.
"I heard he's supposed to be nice," he said, although, from the few conversations he'd had with him the last few days, he knew fully well that Bucky was a great person. The first time he had talked to him was because Steve did not want to be alone with him the day Bucky finally woke up. Tony had waited two hours outside the room with the two before he went in because someone had called for him.
A small alien stung his leg and narrowly missed him. "Fucking shit. Has anyone seen the brain of the things?" Rhodey shouted. He flew a little further into the air when bullets narrowly missed him. "On the bridge, under the corpse mountain," Clint replied quickly. "Can you bomb them away?"
His breathing slowed before he regained control. "We are. Here," he said, showing Steve and Natasha his cell phone. He tried to cover the situation. "I filmed the conversation. Love to the technology of modern times and a good eye for the design!"
Tony cuddled a little further into the soldier's arms, thinking. "In a week or two, everything should be safe enough for him to be alone here. I would not risk it right now; as I know him, he would start training for a marathon the moment I leave the compound. That does not work yet. Soon."
Steve raised the shield when a monster came running toward him with a kind of lance in his hand. Again, Steve waited until the creature was close before him, then he jumped to the side and made a deliberate slap on the monster's neck, which immediately dropped to the ground.
"Thank goodness you're there, the two are going crazy!", Tony finally greeted him and threw himself into his arms. His lips searched for each Steve’s and he smelled the smell of nature, sweat and Steve. He could only hear weakly that Clint muttered something like "What did I say? Ministeves."
He was not sure if it would be wise to search together, but if Rhodey was here, they should at least talk so they wouldn’t search the same places twice, even if the man might not want to see him. Steve could only hope that he would find him.
His eyes grew blurry and darker, but he could still see the sound of rifle shots. He flinched and the pressure on his shoulder grew bigger, then people screamed and one hand let him go so that he fell back and almost hit the floor very hard if someone else had not stopped him. His blurry look could have fallen on the back of Steve's head, but he could not match it, because the person ran away, shouting something, which made no sense.
"If I got him out, he wouldn’t be here anymore," Tony blurted, sounding more aggressive than it should.
At that moment, Rhodey turned and shot the creature, which fell over immediately and lie twenty centimeters in front of Tony. He was torn from his stupor. "Thanks," he said quickly, his voice cracking as he shot down a fighter who was aiming for Vision with a gun. The Android had arrived at the tank and turned around again.
Tony breathed in and out again. He remembered the man who had told Steve that there was something green in the blue eyes. Tony remembered the mass grave they had stood in about three months ago. The moment in which he still thought it could all be okay, before Zemo showed the video.
"We haven’t received any good information about Scott Lang and Sam Wilson yet. Do you know something about them?"
"That day I drank alcohol for the first time in my life, so it was too much for me after a few beers. When I went home, I wanted to take the fastest route. I just wanted to sleep."
he thought, but that didn’t calm him down. He cursed his good memory for remembering the mountaineer who cut his own arm off in order to get out of the cave he has fallen into.
"Nat?" Clint asked, bowing and opening one of the creaking wooden doors. "We have two beds in the room here," he said, and Natasha nodded in understanding. She quickly ran after the archer to look at her accommodation.
Tony raised his eyebrows due to the tight conversation, but then the buzzing noise sounded and Natasha pushed the door open.
It had happened the first night after her kiss. Tony was allowed to sleep in his own room but had not been able to ask Steve if they wanted to share one. He'd woken up in the night sweaty because Burkwill had followed him in his dreams and all his teammates had either turned against him or been killed by his mistakes.
. Tony investigated the faces of the others. Steve's eyes were on Barnes, who was still some feet away from them. Natasha and Clint looked around attentively.
Tony could only nod. In the last two weeks, he had done everything in his power to get the Avengers back on track, but it was hard. Vision had not only become a significant part of
Again Steve attacked a big creature. A broken horn on the monster's forehead looked threatening on Steve.
Tony could barely remember what had happened. He had to have pushed away from Steve and then run to the suit. He still remembered the other's face. He had seen tears in those blue eyes, but he had let him go. Steve had understood him, maybe he had the whole time.
"You too," answered the well-known voice with the British accent. Tony had stopped moving by now. He felt small, alone on his half of the bridge, while Burkwill stood there with at least fifteen other people.
Natasha nodded. "SHIELD had suggested sending agents there, but when Wilson and Lang take a look at the child I said we should be able to talk to the woman as well. I wanted to ask Steve if he would come with her if she adored him."
Again he entered a password and the armored glass door to the workshop opened quietly. The moment Tony entered the shop, more lights went on, showing the chaos even more clearly. Quietly whirring, Dum-E welcomed him.
"They should feel safe. And they will. They will become inattentive and then we continue with another phase."
"There's another problem," Barnes contradicted his long-time best friend. Tony's ribcage rose and fell. "No remains of Stark weapons were found. Wilson should have been equipped with them."
Vision tried to push away from the knife and seemed to want to say something but Burkwill kept his mouth shut. Tony's eyes were on the android. He did not know what to think - if what he did was wrong right now, or all the time.
Tony knew that the words meant something to him, but his mind was so empty. He could not think of anything the man wanted to say, he did not understand. The red path was barely visible now. Tony took one last look at the path that was clearly described and then narrowed his eyes again.
He waited again and just stared at him. Tony felt like he saw something like panic rising in his voice. He could see that Steve didn't feel safe next to him.
followed him. Tony still felt it’s strength under the armor and he could barely stand upright. He realized that the suit must help him because alone he would not have been able to counteract such forces. Only a few yards in front of the others they stopped. Tony studied the prisoners. It must have been Wilson who had hobbled. He looked up at Tony with a pained face and barely nodded to him. Lang sat next to him, blood all over his face, apparently with a broken nose. Beside him, there was Agent Khatib, whose suit was little more than a few rags barely covering his trembling and wounded body. Agent Dragenbach looked most likely to be ready to fight. Angrily he stared at Burkwill and tried to tell Tony something with his eyes, but his attention was drawn to the person next to Dragenbach. Pepper had her head on her chest. Tony got angry when he saw that they must have completely surprised her. She still wore the clothes she usually wore at meetings. At least they had not gone farther, Tony thought, but then Pepper raised her head. Tony's heart stopped beating for a moment, and he could not stop himself, and tore himself away from the
“WHAT THE HELL WAS THAT!?” Tony’s voice was shrill and his arms were making large gestures as he paced around the area on the roof where Bruce was taking a look at the now sedated, super soldiers.
The light atmosphere is soon gone when they get down the stairs to the sub-basement levels. It is eerie and the emergency lights are flashing dimly, there is no one to be found, it looks deserted.
“Come on, Buck! Give it back, you don’t wanna see it, ya won’t like it.” Steve was breathing heavy from trying to get the paper back from Bucky and he had that determined look on his face that usually got him bottoms up in a trash can with a black eye and broken nose.
"Don't get too excited, Hairy. I think Clint might take exception to your interest," Tony remarked, putting down his paper and gathering up his few belongings to toss into his suitcase. "Don't think he could kill you, but an arrow in the eye socket might kinda ruin your cheerful disposition."
That much Steve could understand. "It's hard to get close to people," he agreed quietly. //And easy to lose them even once you do.// "I guess that's part of what I like about the team. Not that I get laid," Steve explained quickly, "but they’re people that I can get close to without thinking they won't be there the next day. They might be off on missions or something, but they come home in the end."
"Yeah, good thing." Steve wondered at times if it wouldn't have been better to stay home, if Bucky would have been safer that way somehow. He also wondered what the Tessaract would have done if he hadn't been there. Steve closed his eyes and sighed. Whatever past issues he would have loved to fix, he was grateful for Tony's presence, for the man's warm embrace. "Thanks for making it worth the trip."
Tony flashed Steve a winning smile. He mentally gave himself a scoring point as he gestured toward the exit. "My car's parked right outside," he said, leading the way through the crowd. Tony smiled and nodded at faces who recognized him all the while anxious to leave the building. Outside the air was crisp and cool, making a refreshing change from the stuffy atmosphere within. The valet snapped to attention and wasted no time in driving Tony's car around. Giving the young man a generous tip from the Iron Man himself, Tony jumped into the driver's seat. "You coming, Cap?" he called to Steve.
There was a quiet 'snikt!' as Logan growled, "Kid, you're a little stressed out. I think you better calm down before you do somethin' stupid."
Thor scowled at Tony, then turned that scowl on Loki. "What did you do to him, brother? Is that even the Man of Iron, or is this more of your sorcery?"
Logan didn't miss Nat's gesturing. He glanced at her, wavering. //She's right... She's absolutely right. But...// The chance to do something like that for Scott was enough to sway Logan despite common sense urging caution. "Don't worry, darlin'. I don't know any o' SHIELD's secrets." He shrugged. "No threat to your bunch." Taking a deep breath, he looked Loki in the eye once again. The idea of the little bastard wiggling around in his brain was enough to give him pause yet again, but he finally nodded slowly. "Alright, but you ain't gonna find much. Everything older'n the eighties is kinda mush."
“I have a project to do so I am going down to my workshop,” Bucky hesitated for a second, he didn’t understand why Tony was telling him this, did he want space? For Bucky to let him work alone? Bucky didn’t think he could do that. For some reason he felt pulled to Tony, he was safe and nice and didn’t yell. Tony smiled at the indecisive look on Bucky’s face and threw the poor guy a bone “I'm going to need your help with this one,” the turned and left Bucky but, he quickly followed after Tony like the good little duckling he was and he had a smile plastered on his face for the first time in decades.
"You were exposed, to an unknown, from a lab where they created monsters by splicing animal DNA with test subjects, that 9/10 times died and didn't tell me!" Bruce was looking green around the edges. Steve backed away with his hands up in what he hoped was a placating gesture.
“WHAT THE HELL DO YOU THINK YOU ARE DOING?” his voice pulled everyone's eyes to him and away from the small fluttering Steve in Clint’s hand. He quickly snatched Steve away from Clint and pulled him to his chest with his hands cupped around him. Tony checked on the tiny Steve in his hands to make sure he was ok. Apart from some red cheeks and a very angry pout, he seemed unharmed.
“It’s ok Steve,” Tony wasn’t the best person with emotions. “Would you like to call Bruce?” Steve shook his head and nuzzled deeper into Tony’s shoulder “Ok, but if it doesn’t go away in half an hour we have to call him, deal?” Steve let out a small noise of agreement and Tony began rubbing at his back again as Steve’s wings raised and wrapped them in their cocoon of warmth.
“which one are you?” Steve was shocked by the abrupt question and didn’t answer. “you can’t be Rogers because you aren’t as bold as he is but you can’t be Steven because you aren’t curling up like you want the world to swallow you...”
The base they were taking down was a A.I.M lab where they were doing experiments on people trying to splice human and animal DNA, the outcomes were not pretty.
“Arms up, i hope you aren’t ticklish anywhere, this is going to take a while without you swatting at us every time we touch you.”
“would you like a bath again?” Tony asked with a smile on his face as he held up the steaming cup of coffee. Steve wasn’t not impressed. “Awe, come on Steve, it’s kind of funny.” Steve just continued to stare with his arms crossed.
“Fuck, Tony you are right.” Bucky absentmindedly said as he played with the gold elastic framing Steve’s waist.
"Yes, it would seem that Master Rogers is now in possession of a new pair of appendages." Jarvis replies vaguely. he knows that sir has hidden bugs on the jet to see what Bruce is doing. Luckily Bruce quickly understands and asks Jarvis for scans to which Jarvis happily opens. Bruce lets out a gasp.
“Careful, Captain. Such compliments might go to my head.” then he popped out of the room. Leaving the other bracelet in Steve’s hand.
“OK, THAT'S ENOUGH!" Steve strained against the cuffs trying to leap across the room and cover Bucky's mouth so he couldn't tell that horrible story. "I believe you, now please don’t tell that story.” Steve dropped his head into his hands.
Bucky walked behind Steve into the apartment, it was clean but looked as if it hadn’t been lived in for a while. Steve led Bucky around, showing him where everything was, but Bucky was preoccupied by Steve’s back, he wore a shirt that had slits in the back allowing his wings to hang free, unlike Bucky who had practice folding his wings as tight to his body as possible so they didn’t get in the way during missions. Without thinking he reached out and touched the soft, snow white feathers that slowly swayed back and forth with Steve’s shoulders as he showed Bucky the bathroom. They were as soft as they looked under his fingers. Steve’s whole body tensed and he cut off in the middle of his sentence.
‘Morning’ he mouths to Tony as not to wake Bucky. Tony smiles up at Steve and then attempts to wriggle out of Bucky’s grasp. In the end Steve had to help Tony out of Bucky's clutches and only succeeded after he stuffs two big pillows in his arms to substitute Tony. Bucky was always a cuddlier in his sleep, and now with the help of his extra limbs he is worse than a horny octopus.
"It's ok Steve, you don't need to be embarrassed. I just hadn't realized how much changed for your brain and how you perceive things. Presenting is how birds attract mates they stretch out their wings and show the underside. I didn't think that it would affect you, but it proves just how much you were affected. This means that your DNA has fully bonded and accepted the other DNA introduced"
Tony was a lot of things, but a rapist is not one of them and Steve obviously couldn’t give consent now so his right hand will have to work for tonight, but tomorrow he was going to have a LONG talk with Steve about just how much he liked that.
“When I took the material from Stark and put it in you I tried to analyze it. What I found concerned me,” Loki began pacing and his face reflected that of Tony or Bruce in the lab when they can’t figure out a problem. “The purpose of it was not to kill or even harm, instead it was to create a breeding state so genes can be passed on.”
“Avengers, suit up and meet at the avenjet in 5 minutes.” the whole team split off their separate ways. Tony went over to the wall and typed a code to call the armor, Steve vaulted himself down the stairs to grab his shield and suit, Clint disappeared into the vent and Natasha just up and disappeared. That left Bruce and Thor. Thor was always prepared for battle so he called Mjolnir and held an arm out to Bruce.
“Right away, Sir.” the Iron man suit that was set up in the corner, disassembled, and flew over to Tony where it began assembling around him. Peter ran to his bag on the other side of the room back by his computer and began rummaging around in the various pockets.
“Sorry I woke you, I should be able to do this.” Tony looked down at his feet, mad with himself. Steve flew up to Tony's face and squeaked twice. “No?” Tony looked confused for a second and brought up his hand so Steve didn’t have to constantly fly to look at him. Tony's face flashed between a few emotions and then he got it.
“Welcome back, Stark. I do believe that I deserve a little more respect than that, seeing as I just saved your life. h\How about you show me to my rooms, hmm?”
when I was thinking of what Tony's desk would look like i thought of him watching WALL-E and making his own cleaning bot like M.O. and then it seeing the state of Bucky's arm and cleaning it.
Tony came back to Steve sketching on the chair and he leaned over the back to watch over his shoulder as he finished the shadows of Bucky’s feathers and the softness of the sheets under their resting forms.
“So, Captain, I can't help but notice your shirt.” Before Steve could answer or the host could ask the question Tony butted in with his usual egotistical, playboy, billionaire, philanthropist, act.
Steve straightened himself and so did Bucky who was standing to his left. they were in sync, just like they were back in the war. A common goal finally got them on the same wavelength.
Not soon enough, from Bucky’s perspective, Steve brought his slick fingers to Bucky’s hole, he circled it a few times before he began to put pressure, all the while he continued trailing his kisses all over Bucky’s body.
Steve stood in front of a full-length mirror; Pepper had done something to her shirt so that it stayed up on its own because of a small knot at the dip in Steve’s stomach so that she could see what she was wearing without having to be completely naked. She turned around and admired to way that the dark lace accented her cream skin but found that the feeling of walking with the scratch of it on her skin made it nearly impossible to not mess with them every two seconds.
“It’s ok, he won't do anything your not ok with and I’ll be there the whole time.” Tony stroked down the wing nearest to him. He pulled it so it was settled on his lap instead of the floor. He started to straighten the out of place feathers and then stroked down, pulling contented noises out of Steve.
“I ran away because I hurt him by making him worry, when all I thought about was Bucky, he deserves better than me.” At that Nat just shook her head.
“It is bleeding a bit so i’m going to get the kit to clean it up,” Steve announced from the floor and left the room to grab the first aid kit that was kept under the sink, while he was gone Bucky curled further around Tony, clearly exhausted from the long day he began to doze off on Tony’s chest as Steve cleaned and wrapped his wound. “Is he asleep?” Steve asked in a whisper once he was finished. Tony looked down and sure enough, there was a sleeping super soldier on his chest, with Steve’s help he maneuvered his body out from under Bucky’s and then covered him with the blanket.
"First things first, I need to clean up." He cringed at the memory of what the bathroom looked like, but he didn't particularly like the feeling of drying bodily fluid on his feathers (feathers! he had feathers!). while Still trying to fully grasp what just happened, he set his mind to the task of cleaning up.
fun fact human males can actually lactate if the mammary glands are stimulated enough. you can read more about it here
“No!” Tony had burst out but settled back down. “You couldn’t have helped this time, anyway I can’t have you getting hurt, Your Aunt May would kill me. I promise to call you up the next time I need some help, but until then just focus on being a friendly neighborhood Spider-man.” Peter nodded and went over to the work table where he was figuring out a better web fluid. A little while later Tony finished and got up to stretch his back, making his way to Peter and looking over his shoulder as he worked on re-calibrating the web shooters for the new and improved fluid that was lighter and could hold more before he had to replace the cartridges.
“Ok. Tony said that Bruce and Bucky can come and see him, the rest of you go wait for us in the jet.” He finished but then remembered and added. “Bruce you should bring some extra clothes when you come.”
“Captain!” the sudden voice snapped Steve out of the warm embrace and he whipped around to see one of the doctors. “He is getting worse, we cannot stop the progression.” Steve knew what that meant, even over the decades he missed, the tone in which a doctor gave news like this never changed. They couldn’t do anything more and expected the patient to die, he had heard it so many times, sometimes garbled by the fever or distant sobs of someone he couldn’t place. Steve didn’t have to even look at Bucky to know that he knew what it meant, they sprinted down the hall together without as much as a glance to the other to see if they were there.
When Tony exited the elevator, Steve was standing in his living room looking like a kicked puppy. Tony, too tired for anything, just waited for Steve to speak first.
“Everyone is worried,” she sat next to him and took his book from him. She briefly glanced at it then put it on the table.
Rogers leaned forward and nuzzled at Tony’s neck as he pushed in again, he hit Tony’s prostate and Tony let out a broken moan. Steven was entranced by the image of himself and Tony together. Rogers looked at Steven and whispered into Tony’s ear, then Tony opened his eyes and grinned as he reached around to get the lube where Rogers had dropped it on the bed and squeezes some on his fingers. Steven doesn't even think as he spreads his legs and Tony rubs his fingers over Steven’s hole.
“Ok, with all that out of the way why don’t we get some rest,” Tony glanced out of the windows and saw that the sun was up but the shock and early start to his day had him exhausted even though it was only around noon.
“Don’t worry about it,” Nat said waving a black credit card in her hand. “Your boyfriend got the check.” Steve felt instantly guilty about using Tony’s money and Pepper could tell.
“Do you want to talk about everything now? We don’t have to though; we can just go to bed and talk about it later. We will have to talk about everything and we are going to have to tell the team at some point.” Steve nodded and took a breath before he answered Tony’s question.
“Fine, squirt.” Tony relented, “But, stay behind me at all times.” Peter smiled like Tony had just given him the sun. he quickly pulled off his shirt to reveal the suit underneath it and pulled on the mask as he hopped around on one foot trying to get his left sneaker off. When he finished suiting up, he put his clothes down next to his bag and Tony was already interfacing with Jarvis through the H.U.D.
“It appears that significant amounts of breast tissue were removed in order to place the reactor.” Jarvis said a few moments later and highlighted two scars that Tony had assumed were from the reactor like all the others but when she looked closer, she realized that they weren’t.
“Hey Steve, we are making cookies. Want to help?” Steve slowly entered the room, all the while keeping his eyes on the floor so he didn’t slip but, even with all his Super Soldier grace his foot slipped on a patch of oil that he didn’t see and he started to fall, in a split instant his arms braced for the fall but his wings ‘Thwapped’ out and kept him up right, the air current from his almost fall caused a little cloud of flour to kick up from the floor.
Steve groaned as well, the suits were a pain and half the time they didn’t end up needing them or the substance was powerful enough to go right through them. Nonetheless, Steve got out of his seat and grabbed the hazmat suits from a compartment near the back of the jet. He passed them out to Clint, Nat, and Bruce as well as himself. Tony had the suit which filtered the air and Thor was alien so he was pretty much indestructible. Steve was pretty tough too but he didn’t want to take any chances. he had to lead his team and he couldn’t do that if he was compromised, so annoying suit it was.
“Don’t you EVER do that again! What the fuck is wrong with you?!” Steve flinched slightly at the volume and tone of his voice, but Tony was barreling ahead at full steam now, “why did you run off, what did you think would happen, Steve? Hmm? Did you think that we were going to abandon the father of our child? Did you think that we wouldn't want to keep it? And how the
Tony’s eyes then moved to the final person in the room, Steve. Being the old man that he was Steve insisted on reading an actual copy of the paper instead of reading it on one of the many Stark tablets scattered all around the tower. Steve was in his running clothes. A grey tee stretched across his broad shoulders, the fabric clinging to his body like a second skin (geeze, didn’t Steve know that they had more than one size of shirt, not that he was complaining). Lines of strong muscles trail down to a pair of navy-blue joggers resting on his ridiculously small waist.
i have been working really hard to get this chapter out before my finals for you guys but because of that I most likely be able to get another chapter out or a while. I hope you have enjoyed the chapter and please leave kudos and comments they make me so happy to read!
“Seeing as I have no knowledge of this so called ‘Game Night’ I will watch from the sidelines for now.” Stark nodded and the rest of them began to set up a game called Scattergories.
At first it was little things like the verbal abuse and name calling to pulling his feet up on the coffee table when Steven told him not to then, it escalated, rather quickly, Steven came into the kitchen from his room for a snack, while preparing his sandwich he didn’t realize that Rogers had entered the room. Taking the opportunity Rogers came up behind Steven and pinned him against the island.
Tony and Bucky nodded to each other. Bucky leaned down and scooped Steve’s limp body up into his arms bridal style. Some of her hair fell into her face, Bucky’s hands were full so Tony leaned in and pushed the hair behind her ear. Steve curled her face into Bucky’s body more even while asleep. Tony and Bucky chuckled a little and then walked together to get into the elevator and Steve to bed.
“Morinin’ beautiful.” Steve blushed and realized that she was naked from the waste up. Bucky continued his languid strokes up and down her back, tracing his fingers down the ridge of her spine. He felt as a shiver over took her body and he grinned. “Why don’t we have some fun, doll?” Steve blushed again but allowed Bucky to manipulate her body and soon she was straddling his hips.
had to do quite a bit of research about 1940's pornography and Tijuana bibles for this chapter. I hope you enjoy!
"Yes, the first measurements shows a 6 foot wingspan, whilst the measurements from today show an 9-10 foot wingspan. in order to fly I calculate a 20 foot wingspan is needed." Steve cautiously looks over his shoulder at the wings. They were already too big to hide, but he couldn't imagine what a 20 foot wingspan would be like.
“My eldest is Fenrir, I fathered 3 children with his mother. Angrboda is a giantess, but she was of the violent disposition, if you know what I mean. I was young and stupid, thinking that she loved me, which she did, but soon I fell out of my infatuation and realized the damage she had done.”
do you think flying off and wedging yourself in the highest part of the gym to cry is the right thing to do?” Tony took a long breath and then walked over to sit on the other side of Steve before continuing his speech, this time though, his tone changed from anger to more ambivalence than anything else.
“Come on, please Stevie, please. I'm ready.” Steve pulled his hand away and gave his hard dick a few strokes, Bucky had to hold back a whimper at the feeling of emptiness left behind after Steve’s fingers left his but soon Steve’s large body was covering him as Steve sunk into him, inch by agonizing inch.
“Well, I'm not exactly sure what happened exactly, I was going to see Tony and when I got there, I slipped but caught myself then Bucky was shoving Tony behind him and attacking me. My brain kind of… switched off. I knew what was happening but I had no control over what I did. ”
“y-you’re li-like me,” he stumbled over the words and then promptly passed out, his wings sinking down to pool around his hips and his head pulled to the side. Steve quickly maneuvered him into the pair of pants that was at his side but left the vest and boots before he carefully folded his wings up into the harness that he had originally brought for himself, a little big on Bucky but it did its job and, in the process, he noticed that they would need to be cleaned and groomed when he got back. He arranged Bucky’s body bridal style and flew back to the tower.
Steve grabs his sketchbook and sits himself down in one of the plush chairs that is situated beside to bed, he loses himself in drawing so much that he doesn’t realize that Tony’s eyes have opened and he is watching Steve draw.
She was sitting in the seat, her long blonde hair was draped half over the front of her shirt and the other half was behind her head, she had a soft Blue and grey shirt on and the skin-tight black pants that women normally wore now a days. Her face was relaxed on sleep and the soft exhales of her breaths moved a strand of hair in front of her nose with every breath.
He followed what he had done that first time with Steve, he massaged around his back first to relax him and gradually got closer to the gland, Bucky’s glands started to produce oil faster than Steve’s had and it began dripping down his back before Tony got to actually rubbing them. He collected the oil and worked from the base to the tip of the wings, making sure to get every feather equally covered. When he was finished with the backs he looked over the extended wings and they were more beautiful than he could imagine, with them all clean and oiled they almost shone in the dim lighting of the room.
Steve smiled at the invitation. He set the phone carefully on the nightstand, well within reach, and slid into bed next to Tony, even pulling the covers over himself just to share more space with the man. Almost at once he felt more content and less stressed out despite his worry for Natasha. "This is perfect," he sighed, gingerly embracing Tony. "And you're more of a sap than you let on. You like this. You like cuddling me," Steve teased as he kissed Tony's dark, mussed hair.
"Don't haveta tell me twice," Victor returned, grabbing his cock and shifting slightly. He pressed forward into tight, yielding heat and shuddered, his claws digging into Loki even further. "Fuck," he rasped. The god felt perfect, just tight enough, just hot enough... He had to move slowly, letting himself adjust to the sensation. "God, you feel good."
"Would you say that if I told you I'd still want it if I was sober?" Scott didn't want to stop. He could tell that Logan wanted it as badly as he did. The other man wasn't exactly a master of subtlety, and the situation didn't call for subtle. "I don't wanna wait." Scott knew himself well enough to know that he'd stop if Logan really wanted to. Swallowing hard, his hands came to rest on Logan's thighs. "Don't make me stop." The words were a plea rather than an order, weighty with the renewed need he felt.
"I bet he'd like that," the Soldier answered, tone mocking. He wrapped his hand around Stark's cock and gave it one long, slow pump. "You should have tried. You should still if you get to see him again. So how does the great Tony Stark go about seducing someone? Wine? Candles? Or do you just throw them up against a wall and go for it?"
Jarvis was painfully, endlessly patient in a way that Steve wasn't sure he was programmed for. Surely an AI programmed by Tony couldn't be that damn nice, but it didn't matter how painfully incompetent he was, Jarvis only responded with gentle suggestions of adjustments to make the next time. Their first sessions that morning had left his body a network of sore spots and bruises, but Steve had never let that stop him before. With the help of the bots, he strapped in and tried again. And again. He sighed with frustration every time an attempt to fly or stabilize himself ended up with him sprawled gracelessly on the floor.
"Yes, sir," Tony grinned, sliding easily to his knees in front of the blonde. It was amusing to corner Steve into saying things Tony knew might make the man blush. Though he had to admit, getting Steve to look him in the eyes and say such things was incentive enough. He tugged Steve's jeans and underwear down and gave the other man's cock a good, long lick before slowly taking it into his mouth. Dark eyes drifted up to catch his partner's gaze, and Tony felt his own length throb anxiously. He had to fight to keep his hands off himself and remember that holding out for Steve to fulfill his promise would be worth it.
Logan's jaw clenched. "Scott's not stupid. These people are professionals if they managed to get ahold of 'im," he observed, looking through the rest of Coulson's files. Little made him as angry as slavers. The idea went against the very core of the feral mutant's nature, and the idea that a comrade - even one as obnoxious as Scott Summers - was in their hands was enough to leave him itching to kill someone. "Just tell me where I need to go and who I need to stab some answers out of, Coulson. I'll kill every last one of 'em for ya. Or at least kill 'em until they decide to take up basket-weavin'."
Logan couldn't help but laugh a little, grinning even more broadly when their beers were brought to them by a cute young woman who gave them both a wink. "Well, a nice fight'd always been entertainin'," he said. He knew Scott probably wouldn't agree, but Logan had no plans to start anything. "Though I'm not the one who took the ceilin' off Grand Central Station. You're the one they really oughta be afraid of."
"He's a good guy," Steve assured, though he wondered if 'good' was something that Logan looked for in his friends. Steve didn't bother asking Tony if he was coming along. He'd either treat this meeting like most of the meetings he skipped or he'd insist on coming along to drive the rest of them crazy. It could go either way, and Steve wasn't in the mood to waste his breath guessing.
Logan tensed, looking pained. It had nothing to do with the fact that Scott had been fucking around with Clint. It hurt him to see Scott in so much anguish after the man had narrowly evaded a similar fate at the hands of his kidnappers. "God... Scott..." It hurt him like a knife to the gut to see Scott cry. Unsure if the contact would be welcome, he reached for his lover. When Scott didn't immediately pull away, he dragged him close, arms wrapping around his lover, gathering Scott's hands and holding them close and curling around the man as protectively as he could. "I'm so sorry. I... this is all my fault. I'm sorry," he whispered, feeling even worse knowing that Scott was blaming himself.
"I can't ask you to fuck me tonight," Scott whispered against Logan's ear, "but I would really, really like to suck you off right now." He hoped it wasn't pushing for too much or breaking the mood they'd set. Scott knew if he let himself retreat or second guess too much, he'd end up doing it all the time, which would be ridiculous. The last thing he wanted was to spend their time together worrying instead of enjoying. Hopefully if Logan wasn't game, he'd just say no and they could keep going, no harm and no foul.
Bucky frowned, his features a mask of confusion. His gaze searched the room, taking in his new surroundings with an air of nervous uncertainty. Something about waking up in an infirmary set him on edge. Bucky couldn't explain the feeling, but it made him want to flee all the same. "I... remember you came to talk to me, and..." He trailed off, struggling to remember. Trying to retrieve even the slightest bit of memory caused Bucky great discomfort, and he grimaced with the effort.
"Yeah, you're not the only one," Tony muttered, thinking back to Pepper. Worrying over him had eventually chased her away. He still remembered her breaking down on the roof after the Vanko fight. The relationship hadn't held much past that. Tony placed his hand over Steve's, absently tracing its shape with his fingers. He paused, looking up at Steve. "Was it just because I was on the team? I mean, when you worried-about-but-hated me."
"Oh, I don't trust you. I'm not that dumb." Steve grinned as he climbed into bed and draped himself half over Tony. He sighed with relief at the contact and for a moment ignored baser urges to instead indulge the desire to lay his head on Tony's shoulder and listen to his heart beating. "I know it's dumb because I wasn't gone that long, but I was going crazy leaving you here alone. I just... I wanted to be here. If you wanted lunch, I wanted to get it or just... just whatever." Steve huffed out a laugh and kissed Tony's neck. "Glad I'm here now."
Victor moaned softly, pleased with how clearly Loki was enjoying being used. Deciding to see just where the line was - if there even was one - he hilted himself fully in Loki's throat, holding the god there for a few moments before pulling out completely. Dragging his partner to his feet, he pressed their lips together in a rough kiss, then, with a wicked grin, shoved Loki back onto the bed. Instead of climbing in with him, though, Victor grabbed him by the thighs and pulled him to the edge of the mattress, letting their cocks press together as he leaned in and licked and bit his partner's lean, toned chest.
Scott wasn't turned off in the slightest by the force. Neither of them had to worry that anyone was driving the mental bus but them, and he trusted Logan. He sucked hard and continued stroking himself. By the time Logan could take no more, Scott couldn't either. He climbed up onto Logan's lap and began stroking faster. "Gimme your hand," he murmured, hips already jerking into his fist. "Touch me, Logan, please..."
Logan sighed and rolled out of the bed, tugging on his pants, then looking around the room. He hadn't really paid much attention to it when they'd arrived, but his senses quickly led him to the beer hidden in Tony's bar. He popped the lid of the bottle he'd found and looked at Steve. "So, we gonna take him to the infirmary, or can he take himself?"
One of Thor's large hands came to rest on Steve's shoulder. "Calm yourself, my friend," the thunder god said. "You cannot blame yourself for the actions of others." His eyes cast over the room, his brow creasing into a deep frown. It should not have surprised him to discover that Tony and Steve had feelings for one another. The way the two of them fought, one could practically feel the tension rolling off of them. He fully expected the pair to either rip each other apart or engage in a night of debauchery so fierce it could even be felt in Asgard. "What I cannot understand is why you are being targeted."
Tony had to clamp both lips between his teeth to keep from laughing. He wasn't sure if it was how put out Loki seemed, how anxious he seemed to make up to everyone, or just how odd it sounded to hear him speak of apologizing for things that were really well beyond mere apologies. "Maybe you should think about taking it one step at a time. I mean, actions over words, and all. Since you tend to use words as weapons. I distinctly recall you leaving Earth last time in a muzzle, in fact," Tony pointed out. Getting a sharp look from Loki didn't seem to phase him, but he frowned thoughtfully as he took in the god once more. "But you may need to talk to her, anyway. See if she can do something about you turning blue. Or at least convince her to make sure that it isn't killing you."
"So, I haveta say, I'm pretty amazed by what you're capable of," Tony started, even as Logan became absorbed with his drink and eyeballing Steve like he was trying to figure out a puzzle. "I mean, my father managed to help figure out how to turn him"-he pointed at Steve-"into a supersoldier, but then you were just born with it. And then Stryk-" Tony stopped mid-sentence when Logan sharply turned to face him, "uh... is probably a subject we could discuss later." Sheepishly, Stark went back to his drink. The look in Logan's eyes had been unsettlingly similar to the one Tony had seen in SHIELD's files, and the mess that had gone with that look wasn't something Tony wanted to witness firsthand.
Logan's jaw tightened and he nodded, staring at Victor's still form. His expression sat somewhere between disgust and anger. He glanced at Natasha. "You know, too, then," he said. He shook his head. "If I had any idea of how to kill him, I'd recommend it to Fury in a heartbeat. That Fridge o' yours seems like the next best thing." He frowned, then glanced at Nat. He'd picked up on something else on the plane ride back, and it seemed like a bad idea not to tell someone. Preferably someone level-headed. "Somethin'... Stark's himself, far as I can tell, but..." He shifted uneasily, not quite sure how to put what he'd noticed. "He had Loki all over 'im."
Phil would have been lying if he said he wasn't relieved, but he wasn't willing to drop the subject entirely either. "Thank you. I'd like that, but I'm also old enough to know that things aren't always perfect. This is one of those things where... Being with you means a lot more to me than worrying about that. I just want you to know that if the way you feel on that count changes, I'm not going anywhere." Once he was sure that Clint understood, he drew the man into a gentle kiss. "I just wanted you to know. Now, I think you promised breakfast?"
"Are you nuts?" Clint asked, eyes suddenly riveted on Bruce, expecting an explosion of green muscle and rage at any second. //And me in handcuffs. Getting real tired of the David and Goliath act.//
"So... what is it that you... do... exactly?" It had definitely occurred to Clint that the Cap had taken the heavy hitters and left them with a wildcard. He knew that Steve wasn't the sort to do something stupid, so there obviously had to be more to this guy than just being an asshole. Clint had to admit he hadn't read Logan's file; looking through hours of footage and pages of text just weren't what the archer had signed up for. //Yeah, that's a habit I've gotta change, I guess.//
"I'm just hoping we can hit Thor hard enough to get through his head," Bruce muttered. Thor was a great guy on all accounts, but he didn't rank in Bruce's book as one of the smartest. The scientist wondered offhandedly if he and Logan would get along. They seemed a little like soulmates, from what he'd seen of the mutant.
Bruce rolled his eyes. He was getting used to Tony's total disregard for everyone's comfort, though. "Thanks for the food, Steve," he said quietly. He had to admit, Tony really seemed infatuated with Rogers. The fact that he hadn't run screaming when the serum quit, and that he didn't seem to be hanging on any hopes it would come back said a lot for him. //Tony Stark may actually be growing up. And here I thought we'd averted the end of the world...//
The words were enough to send a spike of arousal right through him, and Steve hated himself for thinking when his instincts told him to act. "You're drunk. If I kiss you now, you won't even remember it tomorrow," Steve's voice dropped and he leaned in a little closer, "and that would be a real shame. I may not be very good at dancing, but..." The teasing was uncalled for, unprofessional, and probably playing with fire, but he couldn't help himself.
“I’ll talk to him. Maybe there’s some less invasive ways for them to look for things? If it’s more mental, maybe there won’t be many physical tests at all.” With Bucky so on edge even talking could be dangerous, but they had to start somewhere. As long as there were agents on hand to make sure he didn’t hurt himself or someone else, it would probably be fine. “I’ll point out to ‘em that you look better as not a pincushion. Scout’s honor.”
Logan listened intently as Natasha explained what was going on, then turned his gaze to Steve. The man looked like he was half-dead already. He wasn't going to question Steve. It wasn't his place. The man had obviously made a decision, one with serious weight behind it. It seemed condescending to ask if he was sure. Steeling himself for whatever was about to happen, Logan glanced at Nat, then looked to Steve. "Ready when you are," he finally decided.
"I ain't plannin' to invite 'im to make me a cup o' Earl Grey," Logan replied as he slipped out of the elevator on his floor. "You might."
Logan nodded. He dug into his pocket. Nobody'd had the nerve get close enough to take his cell phone from him while he was locked up, and apparently Stark's little phones held their batteries for awhile. Finding Coulson's number, Logan punched in a quick message, "Let us know how Rogers is," before setting it aside to wait for the reply. "There. Hopefully he's not too busy." Logan honestly wanted to know, as well, but the rest of the team was obviously far more tightly knit, and he felt like he was sticking his nose where it didn't go.
Darien nodded and followed, unable to keep from leering at the sight of Clint hard and ready for him. The man was hot as hell, and the leather pants didn't exactly hurt anything. The smell of sex and leather and sweat was thick in the air as he climbed onto Clint's lap and slid forward until their cocks lined up. The friction with nothing but a little precum to ease the way was almost uncomfortable, but it didn't stop Darien from wrapping a hand around them both and stroking firmly. "Something like that?"
Steve had never been a fan of self portraits. The only time he'd done it, he'd been making fun of himself more than trying to capture any moments. Still, the idea that Tony would want that, want to capture him that way, especially the way he looked without the serum, that was enough to make Steve smile. "Yeah, maybe," he agreed quietly. Steve tensed his muscles briefly to squeeze Tony's cock in a perverse sort of welcome. "Right now I just want to make this couch so messy that even you feel inspired to clean it."
On a roll and suddenly feeling shameless in the face of Phil's complete and utter horror, Clint couldn't resist. "Oh, I don't know. I think it might be hard to ignore. It's a pretty big else," he said, crossing his arms over his chest and giving Phil a sadistically amused grin.
It took Tony a moment to fully register what had happened. His gaze fixed on the two men tangled together beside him, and he felt a cross of fascination and jealousy all at once. The idea of seeing Steve uninhibited was definitely enticing, but knowing that it couldn't be him on the other end of it was more than a bit of a blow to the self-styled playboy.
Steve actually let himself smile as Tony took his hand. The simple gesture helped. He nodded slowly. "You'll be with me," he repeated, glancing down at the dull gray sweats that he got issued in medical. "And I guess I do meetings in sweats now because there's not a damn other thing that's going to fit." He sighed and actually laughed at the ridiculousness of such a small practical concern. "Maybe we can go shopping this afternoon? I wouldn't mind having something other than this to wear at some point."
For a long moment, Scott was sure that he was hallucinating. Of all the people that might have come charging in to rescue him... well, Logan hadn't been on the list, and even the list he'd gotten together in his head at first was long forgotten. Scott had been sure he wasn't going to be rescued, and since they'd kept him down in the dark so long, he didn't have much at his disposal with which to rescue himself. But, no, it was Logan. He'd seen the man's jaw clench in anger too many times not to recognize the expression. He just barely kept himself from crying with relief at seeing a familiar face.
"You heard the man," Natasha purred. "He wants to be fucked." She found it fascinating watching Scott come undone. He was relatively buttoned up in public. Not stiff, but certainly polite and quiet. She wondered what he would be like once he came down from everything that had happened and settled into his new life. Something told her that would be a whole different kind of a guy than the one she was coming to know.
"He knocked one of the guys the fuck out with a bag of flour. Well, distracted him and then knocked him the fuck out," the clerk said, grinning broadly. "Your buddy's a real badass." She seemed to register the way they stood together, the oddly protective give-and-take between them, and smiled. "And you make a cute couple."
Deciding that further theatrics might get them all killed, Clint spoke up quickly, "They've modified a Hydra gun to shoot evil Mjolnir energy, but it sucks the life out of anyone who uses it, and you're the only not-crazy person who might be able to take enough of that to cure Nat, Logan, and Summers."
"Hmm." Natasha wasn't the slightest bit convinced. Steve wasn't in any shape to have to play referee. "I'll check in. Make sure no one needs a cup of tea every now and then."
"Pretty," Logan echoed, then glanced at Scott with a smirk. "She called me pretty." He'd found his best pair of jeans and one of his better button downs. Logan couldn't help but find Scott's choice of shirts sexy. In fact, he was glad Scott was staying close to him, because Logan was sure he'd have been pulling him in anyway.
"You know, it wasn't my plan," Loki ventured while wondering whether his words would even mean anything to Stark. "The invasion was being orchestrated by people far above my pay grade. When I fell from Asgard, I had to find my own way. The company I found was... perhaps it was precisely the sort of company in which I belong," he allowed with a slight shrug, "but it was not good company. The Chitauri were puppets, and so was I." Before Tony could protest further, Loki met his gaze evenly. "I won't say that I didn't enjoy it. I did. You may be right - perhaps killing Agent Coulson wasn't practical, perhaps it was personal, but not for the reasons you believe. Hurting him was collateral damage. I wanted to hurt my brother, and at the time, it seemed it was fairly effective toward that end."
Tony shivered and whimpered softly, and he wasn't sure if it was the thought that he was playing right into Loki's hand or the sensation of Loki's hips moving so fluidly against his own. He wanted to rebel, to tell Loki he could go to hell or whatever passed for it in Asgard, but he had nothing to lose by doing what he was told and pleasure to gain, as well as the vague recollection that he had to do what he was told to protect Barton and Coulson. If he was honest with himself, that was becoming a secondary motivation at best. "Feels good," he murmured, voice rough with arousal as he worked a second digit into Loki's body. The god had perfect control, opening up easily and then squeezing down around Tony's digits in a way that made him feel certain Loki could make him lose his mind with pleasure if he chose to.
That was the general idea, and Scott took more of the other man into his mouth. He loved the pressure of Logan's hand on his own. It let him feel other, smaller signs of what the man was experiencing. He could feel Logan's hand twitch when his tongue swiped beneath the head of Logan's cock. He felt the muscles of his thighs tense as he pulled back and then forward again just as quickly. All in all, making Logan feel good was pretty fantastic. Watching him feel good, the loll of his head on the couch and the tensing of his body, was even better.
Bruce overheard and was grateful for the laugh the exchange elicited. He hated the idea of having to fight Thor at all, and letting the Other Guy off the leash to do it sounded even worse. It was nice to know he had the Avengers as backup, though. "Maybe you should get his number before we go. You think Verizon covers this area?"
Natasha didn't mind the interlude in the slightest. She lay back on the bed, her own hand sliding between her legs as she watched Scott begging his lover for what he needed. //Absolutely beautiful.// One hand reached out , and her fingers ran through Scott’s hair with deceptive gentility. "I'm not sure that was specific enough."
Phil nodded. It wasn't news, of course. He'd briefed himself as much as possible on the X-Men when Logan and Scott stepped into their little corner of the universe. "It really is good to meet you in person. We spoke briefly on the phone..."
After Fury had stormed off, Hawkeye had lingered, sitting numbly in his chair in the briefing room as Bruce had quietly slipped out. He stood at around the same moment as Coulson, and found himself slowly following the man out of the briefing room, hesitant to leave his side.
Natasha broke out laughing at that. "He didn't until you told him," she corrected. "We did that in my room, remember? And I killed all the feeds in here years ago." She punctuated the words by shaking her head at how oblivious someone so observant could be. "And, yes, he's bi. Ran into him on a date one night." She shrugged casually as if they always discussed Coulson's sex life. "The guy was cute, I guess. Nothing special."
Steve nodded to Clint, both of them ready to do what they needed to do. "Let's all go together, then," he said softly to the man, still carefully keeping his hands to himself. He had a feeling that touching would trigger at the very least a wound that would take awhile to heal and at most a limb needing to be reattached. "You were strong enough to get this far."
"Listen to the doctor, Legolas," Mystique snapped. She'd agreed to help Loki because Magneto had, but she'd never pledged her life to the man's cause and had no intention of doing so.
Logan grabbed a second beer and passed it to Scott, then settled at the small dining table with his own. He watched his lover closely, seeing the worry in the man's eyes. The moment before was already fading strangely from Logan's memory. He held out a hand to Scott. "C'mere," he said, offering the man a gentle smile. "You look good, y'know. Without the shades."
It took him way longer than it should have. Clint wasn't used to agonizing over what to wear. He finally convinced himself that a band shirt under an open button down and black jeans and biker boots would do. Phil hadn't specified, so Clint decided that his best bet was to meet his handler next to Lola, though he made sure not to touch her. Instead, he leaned against a black SUV and stuffed his hands in his pockets, quietly mulling the newfound dimension of their relationship. It was overwhelming and exciting all at once. He wanted to jump in headfirst, but he also wanted to make sure that it was about more than sex and breakfast. //Though those would go a long way...// he thought, smiling a little goofily.
Tony opened his mouth to protest, then grudgingly grabbed Steve's arm and took the liberty of using it as leverage to pull himself up and throw his arm around the blonde's shoulders. "I'm... can walk out of here wherever I want," he protested without really arguing.
Tony gave Steve an amused look, assuming he was joking. "Yeah, I'm sure SHIELD could get behind that. 'Impulsive, problems with authority...' Some other not nice things. I think they said I don't play well with others. And I can just imagine trying to get Barton to do what I tell him to," he pointed out as he went back to mixing pancakes. "Maybe we could talk Bruce into it. If I can ever get him to talk to me again."
Coulson gave another nod before he led the way to the garage. Lola was shining, gassed up, and ready to go. He slid into the car and motioned for Clint to join him. "The sooner we get there, the sooner we can get back and finish getting our asses handed to us."
"Both? Really? Like I'm not even here," Natasha groused with a smirk as she sat up and stretched. "I'm gonna go get changed. Meet you boys downstairs in a bit." She slipped away without another word, casual as if they all slept piled up in bed together every day.
"You know, you're kind of insanely adorable when you blush," Tony lightly teased before he segued into serious mode again. "No, you did the right thing. If you had stayed, I probably would have found some way of running you off." He’d been in the worst possible condition for keeping friends or accepting comfort, but Steve had burst in and shook more than a little sense into him. "And it's not stupid and you deserve to know how grateful I am."
"Really, Dr. Banner, we have to stop meeting this way." Loki stood tall but wasn't above feeling a flicker of nervousness. The Hulk was a formidable adversary, and even with a few members of the Brotherhood flanking him, he would have preferred to have the massive green creature engaged elsewhere.
Bruce drifted in a few minutes after the doctors began their work. “It’s more than just the drugs. What they did to him goes deeper than that.” Coulson watched the men working and the face of the man on the gurney still twisted in pain. “I hope we can find a way to bring him out of it.”
"What? I'm not enough?" Logan asked with a teasing grin, still panting a little from their kiss. "You could help get 'er back, anyway, but I'm bettin' Fury'd be glad to have your help, one way or the other." He brushed his lips to Scott's, unable to resist. "Though I'm not sure how well I'd handle you bein' in the line o' fire now." Sure, he'd dealt with it before, but at the time he wouldn't have been all that torn up if Scott had gotten pitched off the Statue of Liberty. Now the idea of anything hurting Scott was a little scary.
It was Tony's turn to roll his eyes, but more for the sake of looking put out. "So picky." He put on his most devilish grin and leaned in, looking Steve right in the eyes. "It's a shame you're so shy. I'd take you to a nice, loud bar with a nice, dark corner and show you just how wicked my tongue can be..." He trailed off and leaned back, letting his foot brush against the blonde's calf as he took his napkin from the table and innocently spread it over his lap.
"Spending time around anyone is a risk. Not to downplay the situation," she added before Bruce could protest. "I know this is... unique, but... well, somehow I doubt this is the first date you've been on. Which means that you've probably been on one or two that led to a disaster of varying proportions. It doesn't always have to involve an alien invasion to go very, very badly. I prefer worrying less about what could go wrong and worrying more about the things that might go right." Though she wasn't quite sunny enough to be an optimist - Jemma wasn't sure anyone who really was could survive the Academy, let alone SHIELD - she tried. It was too easy to get caught up in the dark otherwise and forget why they did what they did. "I like you. You're probably one of the few people in the world, quite literally, with whom I can have an intellectual discussion as an equal. There are a lot of things that could go right."
"Wouldn't want you to fall out, sleeping beauty," the towering agent quipped before moving to take his own seat as the helicopter lifted off.
Tony groaned as his hands threaded through soft blonde strands. It was a powerful sight, Steve's lips wrapped around his cock, willing and waiting for Tony to take what he wanted. The billionaire took a moment to relish the sight, to stroke Steve's hair genty before slowly tugging the man forward. He set a fairly languid pace, wanting to enjoy the moment as long as he could. "Fuck, you look good down there," he breathed, his toes curling in his shoes as he fought to keep control.
Thor retrieved his hammer from near his throne before leading them out of the room, leaving a message with the guards to ensure Bruce would rejoin them and to inform everyone of what had happened. Natasha's rundown brought a pained look to the god's face as he lead them to a more private room and bid them to sit. "You wish my help in slaying my brother," he said quietly, settling heavily on a cushioned bench.
Logan hesitated, then settled at the bar beside Tony, hoping the guy would talk as little as possible. //Though 'shut up' doesn't seem to be in his vocabulary.// He had to give the guy one thing: most people had a tendency to cry, piss themselves, or beg for mercy-or all three-when Logan threatened them. Stark really hadn't done any of the above. "Yeah. Why not?" He glanced at the barkeep and muttered something to him in Japanese. The man seemed to gather himself and go back to his work with only a small tremor in his hands.
Note that there is no character death tag on this baby. No one is dead, just presumed dead. Things ARE gonna suck for awhile, but no one is dead.
Tony moaned, the roughness in Steve's voice raising the hairs on the back of his neck. Moving more on instinct than on conscious thought, he forced Steve's impressive length further into his throat, swallowing around the throbbing flesh and shivering with pleasure. His head bobbed a little faster, more steadily. He was desperate to bring the other man off, wanted to taste his release. He'd never wanted to please anyone more in his entire life.
"Well," Victor said, his fingers hooking over the waistband at the back of Phil's pants, "I'm not talking about killing you. Yet." No need for either of them to know he'd gotten orders not to. He pressed in close, dropping his voice so that Clint couldn't hear him. "I was thinking more I could fuck you. Then you can watch me play with your little archer friend. And then I could slowly tear him apart while you listen to him scream for mercy. Think that might do it?"
Loki rolled his eyes but finally allowed, "I suppose it would be the political thing to do." He hated apologies. Making them to his father as a child had always been an exercise in tedium because, frankly, he'd rarely felt bad for the thing for which he was apologizing. With Frigga it had been different. She would fix him with a look of disapproval, and he'd crumble. There was a reason he'd left Magneto to watch her, and it had little to do with the man's strength or skills. He gave Tony a long look before sitting down on the bed. They were past the point of a true struggle for dominance, save a verbal one. Kicking the man out of a chair would have been both petty and ridiculous. "While killing him was certainly more practical than personal, you have a point."
"Glad you're back," he managed shakily. He held onto her for several more moments before finally drawing away enough to look at her. "I... God, I was so scared for you. If... if you need to talk..." He was shaking still. He wasn't sure if it was relief or adrenaline or both. His eyes were definitely getting blurry. He rested his forehead against hers as he gathered her hands in his. "I've been so scared we wouldn't get you back. I don't think I've ever been that scared."
Tony tensed in spite if his best efforts to try and stay calm. The words were oddly calm, almost seemed like more of an offer than a demand, though Tony hesitated to let himself buy into that idea just yet. While sleep would certainly be welcome, Loki wasn't quite what he'd had in mind for the sex part. "Well, I could use a nap, at some point." He knew it was, of course, all in Loki's hands. He couldn't say no, so he didn't directly.
Though he winced, Phil still nodded his agreement. "I could eat. And the couch is going to get a permanent dent in it if we don't get off of it sometimes." He held back from holding a hand out to Clint, not sure how it would be taken in front of their friends.
It took no time at all for Loki to follow him, losing himself and cumming deep inside Stark's boneless form. The man was trembling against him in the most beautiful, vulnerable way. Loki savored the sight for awhile, stroking Tony's hair and licking a line of sweat from his chest before withdrawing. He made sure that Tony was watching before he let the glamour fall away. Fingers that were suddenly long and pale swept down through the mess on Tony's chest. "You are absolutely gorgeous when you let yourself go. It isn't hard to see why he became so attached."
Logan raised an eyebrow. "Really?" he asked in a tone that said he'd sort of figured Clint for the village bicycle.
Steve was actually relieved to find Clint there was well. He hesitated at Darien. "I don't think we've officially met." He held out a hand. "Steve Rogers."
Simmons had never been more glad in her life at the possibility of not being in the field and so terrified at the same time of what might happen in the field. "Director, we honestly think that... well, that there should be no need for a back up plan. Everything should go perfectly."
The figure on the screen, backlit by gunfire and flames, wasn't easy to see, his face almost obscured aside from the glint of barely-controlled rage in his eyes. "Logan, a.k.a. 'the Wolverine', a.k.a. 'Weapon X'... and about a half dozen other aliases. What we don't have is a clear picture of him," Tony explained as the recording showed Logan springing back into action wielding deadly blades. "SHIELD's been keeping tabs on him. Apparently aside from being the world's only walking Cuisinart, he's also pretty hard to kill. Annnd..." A gesture, and another screen popped up Loki's all-too-familiar casefile. "Nick-o thinks Thor's kid brother'll drop in again soon, and that the veg-o-matic there might be handy to have around. Trouble is, the government headshrinkers think he might be... uh... difficult to recruit." Tony picked up his half-empty glass of Scotch, "He *might* actually have a bigger problem with authority than I do," and took a drink.
Tony gave his trademark open-mouthed eyeroll as he took the phone. He railed at Coulson about privacy, scowled into thin air for a moment, then poked a few commands into the phone and ended the call. With a sigh, he tossed the phone on the nightstand and gave Steve a world-weary look. "These people get into everything."
"Well, I can vouch for that. I guess." It wouldn't be entirely true, but he supposed that was a matter of opinion. Loki hadn't technically forced him to do anything. Manipulated the hell out of him, yes, but there had been no force. He tilted his head at the god. "The really weird part here is that it doesn't actually feel like you're trying to manipulate me again. Then again, I guess you don't have to." He gave Loki a hard stare. "Just remember one thing: you leak my secret, and the Avengers are gonna get a very different story from me. True or not."
Steve groaned as one of the sites automatically began playing a clip from one of the old reels. "Fine, as long as there's no musical numbers." The whole thing had been embarrassing. Exciting at the time, yes, but in the end, he'd been a laughingstock to the people he'd always wanted to fight beside. He clicked randomly through the images only to stop short. The picture showed him posing with his shield and very little else. Steve swallowed and looked to Tony, wincing. "I guess this is what you meant? The, uh, the fake pictures? Jeez, I mean... we're people." It was one thing being a symbol for righteous justice in America but another thing entirely having people throw around pictures of him half naked that weren't even real.
"It's called bein' a realist," Logan said. He shook his head. "You guys were good to me. Took me in, helped me out, but I never could'a bought into all the idealism. You can't win a war without killin' a few people. Or a lot o' people. Chuck and 'Ro and the rest of 'em, they wanted to save everyone and talk everything out. That don't work most o' the time. The people that want Chuck to lose, they don't give two shits about whether or not we wanna kill 'em. They just know that they want us dead. I think you finally figured that one out."
He blinked, obviously not understanding in the slightest what the problem was until she repeated the process. "Oh. Ohhh. I mean, well, the gun did what we intended is what I should have said," he hurriedly explained, his accent sounding thicker with the sudden discomfort as he tried to verbally recover. "Uh, it performed... I mean it... people aren't in cells anymore, yeah?"
When he'd recovered from seeing Loki smile - quite possibly more terrifying than seeing him angry - Tony thought about it. "Well, I have no doubt that the Avengers and the X-Men together could mop up Magneto's goons. Especially if you let them have me back." He knew it was all theoretical, and that the likelihood Loki would take suggestions from him, useful or not, was small. He also wasn't unwilling to try. He tilted his head, staring hard at Loki. "I guess if you really wanted to keep yourself entertained, you could join the Avengers. Plenty of chaos where we are. Though there might be a little workplace tension."
Logan rolled his eyes and glanced at Scott. "Like that place doesn't get enough abuse," he muttered under his breath.
Loki kept silent. None of them would believe anything he said, and having Thor walking solemnly beside him was maddening. He wanted to stick his foot out and trip the man, which in addition to being wildly juvenile would have accomplished nothing. "You don't seem as happy to hear of my impending death sentence as I would have expected," he finally grated out, casting his gaze over to see whether Thor flinched at the observation. "No great feast to celebrate the end to your troubles?"
"Fine," Logan sighed as if put out. He was far from exhausted, but having a healing factor could do that for you. He still didn't mind the idea of sleep, though, and he pulled Scott in close to him. "Kinda unfair, though, tellin' me I can take care o' your needs and then goin' to sleep. I think ya might owe me one." He closed his eyes, then mumbled, "Also, regarding the singin', I'm not the one who had a Backstreet Boys in the CD player when I stole your car and drove to Bobby's house."
"God, so do you," Scott murmured. He barely noticed as Logan and Natasha manhandled him onto the bed. He was too busy kissing Logan. He dimly heard the cap pop on their bottle of lube, so Natasha's slick hand sliding up over his thigh wasn't entirely unexpected. He let his legs fall open, and he gasped into Logan's mouth as she slowly began to work him open.
"Good," Logan said with a nod. "Can't say I wouldn't prefer bein' able to just stab that little bastard in the eye, but this'll make me feel better, one way or the other."
"She would," Phil agreed, his eyes closing as he breathed in the moment. It was hard to remember that the world was falling apart when he let himself melt into Clint's embrace. "Plan sounds good, by the way. Donuts and pizza and movies. And coffee. Perfect." Phil's hands drifted down over the curve of Clint's back, gentle, careful of the bandages and stitches, mindful of what they'd been through but not wanting to let it keep him from touching. "You protect us during the fight. I'll protect you after."
"Donna." She smiled. "And I'm just paying him back," she added with a nod to Phil. "Though I quit with the tai bo and went for a conceal and carry license."
"Right, yes, very badly without the proper testing, and earlier Director Fury did stop in to mention that if we were involved in decommissioning anymore of his team he would-"
Logan shut off the water, much as he wanted to stay there with Scott. "Stark and his science buddies want me to go look at their newest raygun, I guess," he said, grabbing a towel and running Scott down before taking care of himself. "Then I'm gonna drink all the beer I can find that looks like it belongs to Stark. And maybe work out," he said with a smirk.
Bobby did his best to lay down a trail of ice that might at least make the trip into the room less pleasant for their attackers, but his hopes were dashed when he spotted a familiar face in the doorway. It still cut deep to think that John was willing to fight the people he'd been so close to. Not the time for interpersonal drama, he reminded himself forcefully even as Pyro blithely melted away the quick protection.
Clint practically purred at Nat's touch, the muscles in his arms flexing prominently as he shifted his weight. He licked his way lower, his tongue dipping into her wetness as he slid a hand under one of her knees, pushing her leg up to give him better access. He lapped loudly at her insides, squirming a bit against the bed as he thought of being inside her. His cock was beginning to strain against tight leather pants, but he ignored his own desire, revelling instead in his chance to please the beautiful woman before him. He relished the way she taunted Darien, the idea of the man watching with no chance at getting to play.
Curiosity more than a desire for reassurance overrode any sense Tony might have had about such an offer. It was still Loki, after all. //Here's hoping it's not something I don't wanna know,// the billionaire reflected, cocking his head a little at the god. "One of your secrets, huh? Sounds valuable. I'm all ears," he decided, subconsciously leaning forward a little. He wondered what Loki could possibly be willing to share with him, especially considering the Asgardian was all smiles about it.
"And I believe that, but, Mr. Stark, I know you were aware of exactly how many people probably had their cell phones out at the club earlier."
Coulson wasn't aware his hands were moving until he saw them closing around Clint's. The man's fingers trembled against his, and Phil hated to see the horror in Clint's eyes. He hated that Clint even remembered the whole thing. "I would've given anything to be there with you." He'd tried to hold on. He supposed maybe he had, though Phil remembered so clearly the sensation of letting go and letting the darkness close in that sometimes he was amazed when he woke up and opened his eyes in the morning. "I'm glad I'm here now."
So he grabbed his suit, and allowed himself to be dragged in many many directions by his sister. When the reached the study, Peter quickly chucked his suit on over his clothes which wasn’t ideal, but he didn’t have the time to think about that. Perhaps the fact their home had been breached and there wasn’t an avenger in sight was the more pressing problem.
“thanks Friday” she said, relieved that it was just a malfunction, she made a mental note to tell dad about it when he and pops returned.
When Steve heard Lily call his name, and when he saw her there, all alone, looking like shit, all his anger faded away. He pulled her into the tightest hug he could give and let her break down in his arms, let her cry out all the trauma and adrenaline from the evening before.
“Right call and ambulance but direct them to the street down the road and tell them I’ll be there with Peter, let them know of his condition and tell them to hurry, also under no circumstances do you wake my dad or pops or anyone in this tower Friday” She said.
“No worried, it can come out of your bank account” Lily laughed as she patted his leg gently and squeezed it hard.
“Okay, why don’t we all calm down and talk about this normally, before we get chucked out of the hospital okay” Steve said.
When lily ran into his room, peter froze, he knew that sound, gunshots. And by the look on his sisters face, so did she.
It was distant, it sounded like it came from one of the below floors, or even maybe the city outside, all the upstairs windows were open in the lounge.
That was probably one of the worst calls she had ever made to anyone, and she felt awful, because she ratted Peter our and betrayed his secret. He was never going to forgive her. Feeling an overwhelming urge to burst into tears, Lily took a gulp of her now cold coffee and placed her head on her knees and closed her eyes, trying desperately to get rid of the image of Peter bleeding out on her bedroom floor and the feeling of him limp in her arms.
“Steve, what do you mean the kids are missing” Tony said, suddenly all serious as he pulled on his trousers and a t-shirt.
“Don’t talk to me like that, and yes he is now banned from all Spider-Man activities until I deem it safe to do so” Tony shouted
Steve didn’t know how long he and Tony sat there, but it seemed like years, until he heard a small groan come from the bed beside him.
“I thought you were going to say that” the man said, as he reached for one of the daggers in his thigh.
He shot out a web, and swung silently to his parents floor. As he landed on the corridor floor. He saw that all the pictures of them as a family had been smashed and ripped, his room and lily's had been wrecked, clothes ripped up, ornaments broken.
She hadn’t noticed him and that was good, she didn’t need to, all he needed to do was have the element of surprise.
“Pete, you are in the hospital, got yourself stabbed” Tony replied as he stroked his hand through Peter’s curly brown hair.
“the whole point about a French exit is that nobody notices you leaving, if we get up and leave now, everyone will notice.” Steve whispered back, smiling also.
Eventually a nice looking nurse came up to her and took her to the bathrooms to let her wash herself up, the nurse then lead her to a room with a bed and some fresh clothes.
Lily landed with a thud, her vision blurring, but she could just make out three figures coming into the room towards her and peter before darkness imploded her vision completely.
“Pete, you know the usual thing you do when you’ve cooked is to clean up afterwards” she shouted from the kitchen, hoping that he would hear it from all the way down the hall.
“ this situation is not ideal, at all, and I know that it will take some time to figure out, but Peter if you can prove to us that you can deal with Spider-Man and be sensible about it, I don’t see why you can’t do it in the future” Steve said.
Lily simply nodded and once the nurse had shut the door, Lily closed the blinds and changed into the clothes provided, they were a bit big and they smelt of dust, but to be honest at around midnight, Lily didn’t care about what she looked like. She got into the small bed and fell asleep as soon as her head hit the pillow.
“come on, stark, now would be good” Natasha said as she turned and ran to the opening of the jet behind her.
To a normal person, or someone in her family, all those things were because of his genetics, the reflexes from their Pops, the muscle from working out with Aunt Natasha. The scars from all his childhood illnesses and tumbles. But lily knew differently and it scared her to think that when it all came out, it wouldn’t just be Peter that would go through the mill, it would be her too, and she would get it worse because she was older and ‘wiser’ and supposed to set a good example. And although the prospect of being on the receiving end of that wrath, she would do it all over again if it meant that Peter didn’t get the blame.
Tony didn’t know how long he sat there in the increasingly uncomfortable chair, but it was a long time because even fury seemed to look like he wasn’t enjoying the meeting anymore than tony. But all of his thoughts were interrupted by a buzzing of his phone.
The lights immediately turned on and Lily swung her legs over the side of her bed and padded to the door, as she poked her head round the corner of the door frame, she didn’t expect to find Peter lying on the balcony floor, holding his hand to his stomach.
