“So, weird ritual now, trip to Denny’s later?” Sensing the end of Joel's explanation, Dean let the half-joke fly loose, undisturbed but well-welcomed in its soothing of the serious mood that had slammed into all of them.
Fleetwood Mac eased from the car radio, sending warm vibrations and bouncing from the four metal doors that enclosed him in the space, and Dean’s eyes only strayed from the street long enough to turn the song up and keep him from thinking anymore about what he needed to do and what he would do if the plan didn’t work.  Gripping the leather steering wheel and riding past the well-known wooded scenery, he focused only on the music and let his mind stop working just long enough for him to pay attention to the lyrics that floated through the speakers.
“Ew?”
“...Yes?”
“Joel, I think this is where we need the Reaper.” After Sam laid down the virgin’s blood, he turned to them; setting the final jar down and looking over to his brother, who had now found himself easily fixated on the finished piece. “Dean, it’s time.”
He was concerned, like he was
“Psh. I knew that.”
.” She paused, and added her second sentence in a near whisper. “
Sam opened the door with a wince, closing an eye as the wooden entrance creaked on its eroded hinges and revealed the soothing but overpowering scent of bayberry oil and freshly lit incense that wafted around the interior of the shop. If not for the ridiculously creepy exterior, the place looked like it genuinely could have been a classy holistic shop- and Dean didn’t know how in the hell that was even possible.
“I asked you what else we needed for the ritual.”
Climbing into the seat, jamming the engine key into the ignition and hearing the same mighty, steady grumble from the car’s engine, Dean pulled off from the motel’s driveway and onto the highway with a screech. And with that, he was off, leaving the thought of a past, future or present without
“Like?”
“If Joel says that he’ll take on the mantle of an angel one more time, and he joins you in whatever ritual you’ve got planned- will you kick that son of a bitch’s ass for me?”
’ were involved, reminding him of Tommy’s similar warning back in Ellijay and sending another breeze down his back at the thought of it. Sam was still engrossed in their story, switching his eyes from Maryanne to Joel every other minute, but Dean had fallen into a strange sort of sympathetic connection to the older woman in front of him and kept his eyes on hers as Joel continued in the background. Would Dean have to face a sacrifice just as she did, one that would burn everything he loved to the ground? He didn’t have many things he loved anymore. He didn’t know if he’d be able to lose anything else and still keep his sanity, too.
“That’s all you got? Just… ‘west’?”
“You always have a choice, Dean. We always have a choice.”
“I’m fine, Dean.” Sam’s voice was small as he pulled Dean away. “It’s not my blood.”
Sam had a horrible sense of timing, which was made even more obvious when he walked in on Dean hunched over Castiel on the sofa, some of their clothes half-off and their lips damn near glued to each other as they laid on the cushions and gave subtle, muffled groans that echoed through the room. Apparently, the ‘braille tutoring sessions’ were an excuse to do something else- something that Sam very much did not want to think about.
“And talk about the list.” Dean reminded him.
“Yeah, what about it?”
It was a risk to say his name in front of Joel, quite frankly because the thought that all angels knew each other was probably far from the truth, but the vibrations of unease that thrummed deeply in Dean’s heart were there for another reason. A silly, damn near nonsensical reason, but enough of one to make his body start to tremble and his eyes hit the ground like glass on the pavement.
“You told me not to be, so I’m not.” He said pointedly, though he still wore the truth on his face. Sam liked to know things, he liked to be a part of them- but he couldn’t, this time. Dean couldn’t
Knowing they didn’t have a choice, Dean and Castiel made that bargain, despite also knowing it was a shitty idea, and agreed to sacrifice their ‘greatest asset’ in order to return to Earth as conditions for the deal. For Castiel, that meant his heavenly-given power, and for Dean, that meant the one part of him that had allowed him to make it this far.
The car revved to a start as Sam pulled off yet again, heading to another location in Yonkers and driving idly to the mellow sounds of Joleyne, the country melody being the only sound that echoed within the Chevrolet Impala. An unknown tranquility rode with them, like a foreign feeling between strangers, and Dean just couldn’t understand why Sam was so on edge, all of a sudden.
“Something along those lines.” Dean replied to Sam in a sigh, shifting his attention back to the occasional blurs of cars the three of them passed by on their way to New Iberia, Louisiana and only half-listening to the continued fight between Sam and Joel on which woman of rock was better than the other.
And there was no end to being a Winchester, was there?
“Promise me.” The words came out in a croak, his head down. “I need you to promise me that Castiel will be safe.”
Dean didn’t think he deserved to live life the ‘easy way’, which he had come to realize the more their little ‘date’ went on, and even though he loved being around Cas, he didn’t love feeling like he was a burden. Like he was weak, and had to be protected.  Over time, he had gotten so used to seeing the gruesome reality of bloodshed that he couldn’t function in a world without it, and he hated how he couldn’t just put it all past him and settle into the blissful fantasy of happiness that he was already standing in the doorway of. But facts were facts, as he was always so quick to point out to himself whenever he got ‘too emotional’, and he had already acknowledged that wearing the Winchester name was a bind to a curse of duty that could never be broken.
“Capiche.” Sam repeated.
“You're not seriously thinking of driving there now, are you? With the police still chasing after us?"
“Something tells me that you didn’t try jack shit.” Dean murmured, glaring at Sam’s smug leer. In spite of his earlier protests, he stood up from the bed and wiped down his shirt, flinging the small beads of water onto the carpet and sauntering off to change clothes in the bathroom.
“Yeah?” His voice was nonchalant, though his heart was beating in his throat, and he prayed to a God that no longer existed for Castiel to drop the subject. They could talk about anything else, about anyone else, but not about this. Not anymore.
Joel lifted two fingers to the side of his face and bounced them off into the air as a form of hello, her obvious anger falling on deaf eyes and blinded ears as the two of them stared at each other. “Hey there, kid.”
“Sam--”
“Cas!” Dean called, darting his head around like he would magically be able to see people staring back at them.
Sam immediately asked him what had happened as soon as the door closed, not noticing Dean stop moving momentarily, cursing himself for not staying behind and wondering if Dean was the one who had started what he called ‘the feud’. The more he spoke, the more his words got wilder and wilder, and with the familiar clicking of their seatbelts, they got in the car and rode west- just as the medium had suggested.
“Jesus fuckin Christ, are any of ‘em still alive?” Joel looked offended more than upset at the deaths of his brothers, which the Winchesters were coming to notice was a recurring theme whenever it came to the angels’ feelings about each other.
“Took you…. Long… enough.”
Castiel’s eternally matter-of-fact tone and calm demeanor was a welcome feeling in the middle of Dean’s worriedness and Sam’s defensiveness, and it was like a godsend had washed over the both of them. How ironic, considering Cas’ newfound mortality.
smile, and
“Should we go?”
“I don’t give a shit what you want me to do, Kid.” Joel wagged his finger in the air, stopping Sam short. “Fact is, I’m not going to do anything. Ask Uriel-”
“There’s a call in-”
“No no,
Dean was never a worrier before- hell, he was the opposite- but this time, things were different. Sam was leaving on a job for the first time since Chuck, for the first time since… well, everything, and Dean refused to accept the fact that he couldn’t protect his little brother like he always did. If shit went south, and Sam went down, Dean couldn’t be there to defend him-- and the mere thought of it made the hairs on his arms stand and his palms sweat. Still, Sam was adamant that he’d be fine, and so Dean was preparing to let him go without backup.
Did Sam just admit to stealing a car and then brush it off like it was nothing? Dean knew he was gone for a while, but this personality change had to have been a tad bit excessive, even for someone who was possessed by Satan himself overnight.
“Have you ever, while you were away, considered the possibility that… maybe Cas wouldn’t want you to try at all?”
“It was fine, Sam. Very… eventful. I also got ceramics.” Castiel’s voice was in a hushed murmur, like he didn’t know whether or not to contribute to the conversation between them. Dean didn’t blame him- Sam was being a bitch.
The two looked at each other again, with Joel’s brows furrowed and Maryanne’s face stretched paper thin, but the angel’s will was broken down soon enough and replaced with a reluctant defeat as he rubbed the nape of his neck and turned towards the Winchesters. Whatever heated argument they had engaged in silently between themselves, he had lost it, and it showed in the flash of irritation that flew on and off of his face.
Dean flicked through the pages of yet another book and tried to focus against the pitter-pattering sounds of somber rain, the pile of other unread ones and already read ones beginning to muddle together on the floor to his left, and felt his head begin to nod back and forth as he slowly lost the battle to his long-withstanding exhaustion. His watch read ‘3:36’, and he cursed with a stretch before slumping his elbows down on the table’s cold glass surface and resting his head on his hand. Yet again, he had lost all concept of time, and the consequences showed as his eyes began to glass over with the sweet promise of sleep hot on their heels. Not yet. He still had to decipher the Latin passage that he hadn’t been able to translate earlier that week, and try to connect the ancient illustrations in the 18th book he had ‘borrowed’ to the ooze that had formed from the ground and seemed to absorb everything that day, and do a million other things that he was rapidly forgetting the more his brain began to shut down and his body began to lose all its tension.
It was all so beautiful, and picturesque, and peaceful, and Dean could almost bring himself to like it-- but he still felt like something was missing.
“Sounds like you’re the one who’s worried now, huh?”
“...Hey Cas.”
The cement felt cold below his bare feet.
“I’m here to make a deal.” The need for slow conversation was nonexistent.
“Get some sleep. I’ll see you soon.”
“Would any of you like any water? Maybe some Pepsi?” The woman motioned to the white mini fridge that sat by them against the wall, ignoring the multicolored bong that sat on top of it and expecting Dean and Sam to do the same. “Help yourself. I don’t get many customers often, especially not ones on a rescue mission.” Sam decided to open the refrigerator, much to Dean’s concern, and took a small bottle of water as they watched the tall woman move about the space and waited for her to join them at the table.
“Are you gonna keep laughing, or show me how to work this damn thing?”
let him get eaten first.
unless I’m going with
“Among other things.”
He didn’t need to say his name for the both of them to understand who he was referring to, which was a fact that he was all too grateful for, and he heard Sam’s voice rumble as his slow sigh transformed into a quiet groan.
Dean choked on his water, hacking wildly and twisting the cap on the bottle. "What?!"
“Well, remember when you said you had your little handy dandy list of angels?” He finally said, veering onto the road and rushing to follow after the now certain angel.
“Yes.”
“Ooh, what a good one.”
"What time is it, then?" Dean grabbed a bottle of water from the backseat and took a swig, scratching the side of his face and too being too lazy to check his own watch.
Hiding out was never something Dean liked to do. It was cramped, and uncomfortable, and the sound of nothing but heavy breathing was gross- unless he was doing something
They walked, explored, talked and repeated the process for a few more times until Dean felt Castiel stop again, this time fixated on another storefront in another building. This one was more crowded, though, as Dean felt people brush up against him more times than he would have liked, and he felt Cas put the bag of ceramics in his hand as he prepared to leave.
“Joplin.” Dean blurted, downing the rest of his beer and throwing the bottle in the trash can.
“But we’re… outside.”
“...No, not really.”
Sam clicked his tongue and rolled his eyes, beginning his retort in a sardonic drawl. “So in other words, you’re just jealous that I’m strong
It seemed to be all the incentive the man needed as he obliged to Dean’s ‘suggestion’, opening the backseat of the car and stepping out onto the blackened concrete with the cracking of his back.
“I’ll look it up on the next stoplight.”
name ever since he was taken, and hearing it again from Sam after months of ignoring its very existence felt like someone had poured acid in his ears and left it to bubble in his brain until it spilled out the other side. He half-expected for him to show up and tell him that it was all nothing but an elaborate prank, but he knew better. He knew better, but he still wanted it, and the fact that he didn’t see those familiar blue eyes looking slightly up at him when the name registered hit him like a punch in the gut. He didn’t want to hear it anymore, or think about it anymore, but when he saw Joel’s face light up at the sound of the name and stand up just a little straighter, he knew that the name
“What else happened in that room, back then? When Cas- when
“You’re fine. Thanks.” Dean rushed.
He was in love, but then he was too afraid to say so.
“Oh, no. I’ve seen this enough times to know how it goes.” Joel walked towards one of the dining seats and gestured for him to begin. “Besides, I’d like to make a little conversation with your Reaper friend anyway.”
“Don’t do this, Dean.” Castiel protested.
“Don’t forget to always aim for the head.”
“What are you talking about? Why would you break into my house like this? I don’t even know who you-”
They soon stopped in front of an old brick building, and Dean could’ve smelt the intensity of rubbing oil and incense from a mile away. It already felt like it would be one of those older, devious looking thrift stores that everyone saw and no one wanted to walk into, but he didn’t move if Castiel didn’t move- and Castiel wasn’t even acting like he wanted to as he fixated on the inside of the building from the storefront window. This was going to be fun.
“Of course, Dean.” The peeks of Ephraim’s grin could be seen as he patted Dean’s shoulder. “If you do a good job, I might even give him a few of his powers back.”
“Hey, Sammy.”
“There’s no way in the hell you can tell me you prefer Janis Joplin to Stevie Nicks. They’re incomparable.” Sam scoffed, rolling his eyes and inadvertently making his ponytail swing sideways against the back of his neck. He looked like he was enjoying the debate, as much as the irritation in his words said otherwise.
He found a certain stillness in the gentle buzz of moths flapping about around overhead lights and the slow rumble of the occasional car engine that would ride past, and if he was in any other situation, he could even have slapped a small smile on his face at the sound of his thoughts being disrupted. But this wasn’t any other situation, and as Dean heard Joel grumble something about it being “cold as shit out here” as he stepped out from the motel room next to theirs and stuck a cigarette between his teeth, the sight of the angel only served as a reminder of what was to come.
. “Help me bring about the reckoning of the angels, and the upturning of the heavens. Help me kill them all in my pursuit of creating a more perfect world, Dean. In exchange, your Castiel will live freely amongst the living once more.”
and the memories of him would be thrown about a lot more often now than Dean wished for them to.
“Good luck getting your sight back, by the way. If you can.”
“Yes, it’s pie. Your favorite. I also got hamburgers.” Cas paused for a while. “I wanted to surprise you with something you’d actually enjoy, since the ceramics apparently had little effect.”
He half-expected to hear the words
“I found a place that has the materials.”
Brothers-- you couldn’t live with them, and you couldn’t get sacrificed to redneck cannibals without them.
Sam looked at the ground a ways away like he was surprised the circle wasn’t there already and grunted as he stood up, making an unwelcome breeze brush against Dean’s shoulder, and smacked his hands together before grabbing the jars of powder from the ground where he was earlier.
The sudden strength of his heart beating in his chest again and the feeling of his blood rushing in its normal speed made him double over almost immediately, his eyes watering as he dry-heaved with his hand on his chest, and he felt Joel pat his back in the most sympathetic way he could- which wasn’t that sympathetic at all- and describe how that was a ‘typical reaction’ when a soul was forced back into its body by him. The fact certainly didn’t help him out any, no matter how much Joel must have thought it did, and he heard anxious footsteps rush towards him with a frantic voice trailing just behind them.
Dean drummed his fingers on the table, agreeing with the idea. “Worst case scenario is that we lose a few minutes of our time.”
After that the two of them finally stepped out from the backroom and back towards the storefront, Tommy flashing Sam an innocent smile as she rang the more normal items up for checkout, and Dean stared off into space until it was finally time for the two of them to leave.
Because they’d be the last thoughts he’d have before he fell into The Empty and made his own deal with the Devil, playing a game he knew he’d lose and making a bet with nothing but a pipe dream and a terribly blind optimism that should have disappeared years ago.
“You heard me.” Joel stepped up from his chair and sauntered towards the woman in the trap, yawning as he made his way to her. “If I offered to become the angel of Death again, would that make you change your mind?”
Sam turned the computer screen around to show a news highlight reel from the night before, the words '1967 black Chevrolet Impala' coming from the speakers and booming in Dean's ears a lot louder than the computer's volume bar said it supposedly was. "It's official- I'm going to whoop that motherfucker's ass. Gimme the pamphlet."
“Now, for future reference-” Tommy began, clinking and clanking around the room as she grabbed a heavy mason jar filled with bones from the shelf and a piping hot iron spike from the radiator. “-I can’t change the future or the past, I can’t ‘magically astral project’ you anywhere, and I can’t contact the dead, either.” Dean almost laughed at the irony of it all, but chose not to as he watched her sit back down with her items in tow. “All I can do is point you in the right direction with the limited materials that I have and tell you whether or not it’s going to end badly. Capiche?”
"We need your vessel's blood for the final piece, Joel. Just a drop is fine."
“Because of
He had fallen asleep in that same curled position, too drained to climb into bed after collapsing under the weight of his own exhaustion, grief and uncertainty, but he felt better than he had in days when he woke up in the later hours of the morning and stretched out on the floor. The text message of elements needed was sent to Sam at some point during the night, though he didn’t remember when or how he had sent it, and Sam quickly responded with an address in Ellijay, Georgia that would ideally have most of the ‘easier to obtain’ items they needed to perform the ritual. For a split second, he thanked his lucky stars that he had a brother like Sam to rely on, but he pushed the thought away just as quickly. Sam wasn’t supposed to be helping him with something he should have nothing to do with, with an Emptiness so deep and dangerous that it managed to rip Dean in half without even having touched him at all. But this was who they were, and no matter how much Dean tried to live without needing or burdening anyone anymore, he would always need his little brother whenever it came to a hunt like this. At least for now.
Just as Dean began to walk back towards the impala with his cherry pie and his mood partially restored, he stopped when he heard the inklings of a conversation ducked behind an isolated alleyway with faces hidden by the shadows of the iron fire escapes that hung overhead.
“I invited myself. I deserve at least a little something for my part in this-” Joel’s voice got low, low enough to escape Sam’s earshot but yet loud enough to still be heard by Dean.  “Especially since you’ve decided to renege on our original deal.”
Unless the person in question was
“I never wanted this, Dean.” Castiel said, and the soft but sharp sound of his voice made him feel a painful twinge in his heart.
After rinsing his face and brushing his teeth, he slipped on his clothes and paid close attention to the faded black palm print that still stained his jacket, resting on his heart and reminding him of who belonged there. Putting his hand on the print- he didn’t feel right calling it a stain- he felt the drumming of his heartbeat under his clothes and clutched at the cloth material, taking a breath and nodding in the mirror with an added layer of resolution in his face. If he waited around any longer, wondering if he could succeed and asking himself if he would even want to see him again, he would only be letting the gap that stood between them grow larger and larger until it could no longer be crossed. He had done enough brooding, enough wallowing, enough crying. Now, it was time to take that first step into the unknown and finally go get him, and that was exactly what he was going to do.
Sam peered in after him just as he silently instructed, his eyes widening at the sight of the otherwise innocent man who was half an episode into Gilmore Girls, and turned to Dean with a bewildered stare.  “He looks like a regular old man to me, Dean- are you sure he’s the angel you think he is, and not just fuckin’... Santa Claus?”
“If we can just talk, if you could just tell me where you are--”
“Let’s just say we have a process.” Sam answered, staying with Joel a distance away as Dean worked things out with the receptionist. “It’s pretty grizzly, but we usually use that way to summon a Reaper if we’re short on options. Once we have them, we plan to trap them just in case they try to leave too soon- or if they want to take Dean with them.”
There were a million explanations he could have given, and all of them would have been halfway true. He could have told Sam the most obvious reason, the reason that had caused him the most pain, the reason that said
That push was the final step in Dean's departure, pushing him through the surface and into the depths of Louisiana lake water, through cold currents and past drifting debris, and lower down in that winding canyon of bending earth until the distorted faces of his brother, of Elena and of Joel were erased high above the eternal blue of water and weren’t to be seen again. Then, he never stopped falling.
“I dunno, that seems a lot like dead to me.” Joel cackled, reveling in Dean’s anger for some reason and leaning up against the wall with a self-assured grin. He knew that if the man tried anything, he would immediately lose, and Dean knew it too- however much the fact pissed him off.
"Really? I was expecting we'd be using a bit more- you know, given with the whole 'beating heart' thing." Joel took the journal from Sam's hands and pointed at the item listed as if he were reporting inciting evidence to Elena.
“I can see why.” Sam peered over the table and flipped the book around so he could better read the rest of the ingredients, gnawing on his thumb nail as he rested his elbow on the table. “A bleeding heart? A Grim Reaper? A fucking
Finally, he turned from Dean and back to his cashier, tossing her a dubiously strained smile and snatching his credit card from his back pocket. “Absolutely.”
What an astoundingly surreal thing to describe Castiel as.
It felt weird to say that he was in love with him. He had accepted it months ago, known it for longer, but to admit it so openly to strangers and act like it was the most normal thing in the world was a foreign experience that made Dean feel liberated and stunned simultaneously.  But then came the next part that he had to mention to Joel, the part that he never wanted to discuss again, and he turned to Sam with a silent look that begged for him to take over the reins and give Joel the rest of the explanation he wanted. Thankfully, Sam understood, and started to take over with a sigh.
“You’re here to make a
“Oh look at that, everybody. Castiel is sorry.” Dean squeezed his eyes shut and put on a show of irritation, trying to ignore the feeling of his body coming apart at the seams and melting against the rising heat of the morning sun.
“Then I'll need you to help me get in." He confessed, feeling like he was ripping off a bandaid more than anything.
Sam had moved fast, already sitting cross-legged by a string of trees and pulling the ingredients out of the bag, and Dean puffed down next to him with a grunt as he watched his brother give a final inspection to the materials they were to use later on. Tommy did good work, preserving the virgin’s blood and ensuring that it wouldn’t coagulate on their journey, but Sam checked for clots anyway and squinted an eye as he lifted the mason jar up into the sun. Dean looked too, but didn’t find anything, and surmised that his brother didn’t either when he stuck the jar into the gravel beside him and next to the two other ones he had pulled out.
Joel’s sing-song voice made Dean’s teeth grind as he stepped from the passenger’s seat, and he closed the door and tapped on the backseat window with a slight but obvious agitation. “How about
Dean looked down at his brother and nodded. “You’ve got this, it’s fine. Just do what you always do. The shop's right across the street too- it'll only take a sec.”
Quickly there was a loud splash from his left, followed by an howling ‘fuckin’ shit’ and a few half-hearted apologies, and Dean snapped his head around to see just what had happened in the otherwise quiet gas station. A plump older man, most definitely in his 80’s but with the mouth of a sailor kneeled on the floor, the knees of his tan pants getting soaked with the neon blue color of the blue raspberry slushie he had just dropped and his hands turning redder by the minute as he tried to scoop what had splattered on the dirty white tile back into the extra large Big Sip cup he had ordered earlier.
"Assistance."
alright." Sam retorted. "I know you still aren’t used to the whole… no sight thing.”
“I’m sorry, do you two
“It’s the empty magazine.” Castiel said finally, still sounding as patient as ever but somehow managing to simultaneously make Dean feel like an idiot. “I put the bullets on the table.”
“Really?” She said, not holding back an ounce of her surprise as she grabbed the knife from its display case.
But that was who Castiel was now, apparently. Or was he always like that, unabashedly enamored and helplessly devoted- and Dean just never paid attention to it? How long did Cas spend waiting for him to realize that he was in love with him, all while Dean was running 5 steps ahead and spending all of his life looking forward to ‘the next hunt’? Was he still doing it, even after losing his vision, and was Castiel still waiting for Dean to finally just be in the moment with him, all while watching him repeat the process like a constant cycle yet again? This was why he needed to get back into hunting, and stay away from this ‘tranquility’ bullshit. Doing nothing for too long made him think too much, and he didn’t like that at
It was all he seemed to be able to do for their relationship at this point, cause rifts, and tears, and cracks and breaks, but he didn’t know how to fix what had been damaged- or protect what was still in a halfway decent condition. So he chose not to say anything, anymore, until Sam initiated a new conversation over a half hour later.
Dean chuckled, biting his knuckles, tensing his body and resting his head against the wall. “Not this time, Sammy.”
wrote to keep track of them all.” Sam explained. “These angels are only ones who are able to stay down here, Dean. The only ones who stay here for
Castiel sighed, but he took the gun from Dean’s hands and set it down on the table, disassembling it with an ease his lover had lost for what felt like an eternity ago.
. Even though the years had passed and the memory of their last meeting had been buried low in the depths of his memory, he could still remember those eyes. And standing now in the midst of them, in those haunting brown eyes that always seemed to see more than they were supposed to, served as all he needed to know that the man in front of him was the Ephraim he had known while on earth and the Ephraim he was to make a bargain with in The Empty.
Dean sighed. “I was wondering why you hadn’t brought that part up yet.”
“Just say that blasting into an angel’s house like you’re some deranged sort of FBI agent was a bad fuckin' idea, and I’ll let it go!”
Tommy nodded in acknowledgement, taking a cigarette out from an eerily suspicious blue handkerchief she kept in her pocket and offering it to either of them as a sign of goodwill. When they declined, she shrugged haphazardly and lit it with the fire from the burning oil before putting it to her lips and taking a drag.
“Whatever.” Sam rolled his eyes. “I’ll meet you in the car.”
“You’re scared, and you’re nervous, and you feel like you have to do this.”
“Well, it seemed like it would be a fun little vacation.” Dean said sarcastically.
“I’ve got it, Dean.”
“I know, right?” Dean could hear the porcelain chink against plastic trench coat buttons as Castiel’s jacket swayed against his legs and got even closer, the man nearly bouncing with energy. “It’s amusing, because bees not only can’t sit on or possess couches, but they can’t bottle or distribute honey either. Because they don’t have hands!”
“Hello, Dean.”
“And how do you know that?”
At the sight of Dean’s impassive expression, Sam sobered up, straightening in his seat and pushing his plate of food aside. Dean appreciated his loyalty, though he said nothing at all to acknowledge it, and he flipped to the dog-eared page with a routine ease while preparing to discuss the shortcomings of the instructions. It was what he was there for, what they were there together for, and the rest of their ‘normal’ conversation would have to wait for another time- a time when
Sam slapped his forehead, dragging his hand down his face before resting it in his lap. “That literally means it was a bad idea, Dean! Wha-”
He wasn’t going to lie to himself, he knew where the nightmares were coming from. He knew the reason they had been on the forefront of his mind, when they had started and why.
be thrown in there, too, but didn’t think too much of it when he didn’t. They probably just forgot to mention it.
Kissing his forehead and letting his lips stay for just a second longer than usual, he pulled away and smiled at the butterflies that still managed to fly in his chest just like they did every single time he was around him. “...I don’t either, Cas.”
“If it makes you that happy, then absolutely.” Dean nodded, gesturing around the store. “That’s the basic definition of retail therapy.”
That explained the older burn marks that trailed up her left arm, at least, but the story of sacrifice was never one Dean wanted to hear. Especially not when the words
“Wait here.” Castiel commanded, quickly patting Dean’s shoulder before disappearing into an unknown building and leaving him with nothing but the sound of rustling leaves, overhead door bells and the autumn breeze to keep me company.
“And don’t forget to-”
“I just want to be with you, Dean.” There were sounds of clicking as Castiel reassembled the gun and handed it back to him, letting his hand linger in that position for a moment before pulling away and standing up. “It never mattered what we did, as long as I got to see you next to me.”
“No, that was last night. You missed it just by a couple of hours.” Dean pried his eyes from the case just long enough to turn back to Sam and smirk.
“School’s for losers, it doesn’t count.”
“You finding that pamphlet, finding that medium; do you think any of it was of your own choosing?”
’ that had then decided to make its home draped around his back. It was why he had stayed away from Sam for as long as he could, and why he had tried to carry it all himself, and why his life had done a complete 180 away from the traces of normalcy that it once had before.
“I’ve been told that I have that effect on people.”
“Then you should
“Eventful?”  Sam asked, but changed his mind as soon as he did. “Never mind. It might be something sexual that I very much don’t want to know about.”
“So?” The angel asked, taking steps away and waving the ‘people’ back down into the ground with the motion of his wrist. “What do you say?”
"Tell me why you need him so badly. If your reason's interesting, I might just entertain this idea of yours."
was the one who used to be called the hottest angel up there until he took my place. Devastating shit, ‘cause--”
His sight.
With a heavy, dry swallow, Sam tried to push the book away and looked Dean straight in the eyes-- in a way that let him know controversy was soon to follow in the next words his brother spoke.
“Ta-dah!” Castiel shoved a warm box into Dean’s stomach, and the refreshing smell of blueberry pie floated up his nose and hit him like a freight truck.
“I’m just.. I’m not handling the ‘being blind’ thing well. I’m not handling any of this well. And I’m…” he swallowed. Did he really want to admit it? Say the words out loud and empty his heart like this? It was a battle of pride versus raw emotion, a battle that was quickly becoming more and more one-sided, and before he knew it, Dean had already let the confession enter into the air and swirl around the both of them.
“You already know what I plan to do once I go out into The Empty, don’t you?” Dean asked it more like an accusation, tired of dodging the same question. “I’m going to-”
, anymore.” Ephraim replied. “All of those angels you killed, all of the ones that died, all of the ones that you let die-- their powers just stockpiled here in The Empty, turning it into a container of force; a container of pure power. If you saw something like that, wouldn’t you take it too?”
“Alright, then.”
“Yeah, I got that already.” Joel hissed.  “Look, I don’t want to get ugly in a hospital, but I can and will render the both of you powerless if you don’t leave me alone.”
“How will you be able to aim?”
“Oh, hell no.” Sam laughed, leaning against the car and crossing his arms. “That shack has a car door handle on its front door instead of a doorknob. That’s peak serial killer shit. I’ll just stay out here while you go in there, and… you know-”
“Yeah, yeah, I know.” He grit his teeth and kicked up a corner of the rug, feeling a vein of frustration twitch on his forehead. “We’re jumping out the kitchen window. As always.”
“It's 9pm, Dean. The place is
“Huh?”
“Gah, can you guys get off of each other for 2 seconds?” He groaned, shuffling around to face the door as the two of them sat up and tried their hardest to act like they were being productive.
There was no use in waiting around, sitting and stopping like time would magically reverse to a happier point, and Dean groaned with the creaking of his bones as he stood up from the floor and began to pack in preparation for the road ahead. He made sure to put each book back into the brown duffel bag he carried with meticulous grace, taking extra care with that one book, in particular, and began to leave the hotel for the ride out to West Point. It was only a matter of time until the ritual would commence, at least, that's what he told himself, and he looked to the day it would all be over with a shine in his eyes he was once convinced would never come to see the light of day again. In his own little way, silently and subtly, he tried to tell himself that everything would be alright. He knew it wouldn’t matter, because it would never be alright until
“I see beauty, and power, and everything I’ve ever wanted in my short time on this Earth.”
The phone clicked, and Dean finally let the tears cascade down his cheeks and onto his blue jeans, holding onto his knees and feeling himself break from the inside out. He was one step closer.
“Absolutely not. I’ve read your life record- associating with you for any reason would be less than advantageous.”
“Then what’ll it do when it realizes that Dean’s not an angel?”
The choice had been made and the line had been crossed, which Dean had been all too quick to determine, and he could tell that Sam wasn’t going to stop him. He could tell that Sam knew he
“Joel said that you couldn’t have any power as a Shepherd of The Empty.” Dean didn’t answer the question. He didn’t want to accept what Ephraim was suggesting. “He said it was just a title.”
“I can take care of the vital organ part, if you want.”
The smell of lake water was one that always made Dean feel at home.
It was 3 in the morning, rain was pouring endlessly against old motel windows that barely withstood the thick autumn wind that blew against them, and Dean hadn’t slept for the past week and a half.
“You wouldn’t wake up when I tried all of the other ways, so I figured that I had to resort to… stronger measures.” Sam pouted, batting his eyelashes and clasping his hands together in the most ‘innocent’ way he could- which for a 24 year old, wasn’t very innocent at all.
(See the end of the chapter for
“So I’ll follow you there, and then we’ll reconvene in another city after I’ve gotten what I need?” Dean asked, stuffing his hands in his pockets as he walked down the sidewalk.
Dean, Sam and Joel decide to take a short break in New Iberia before acquiring the last element of the ritual and beginning the fight with Ephraim, but Dean just can't shake the feeling of dread that's washed over him- and he's not the only one who knows why.
Dean lifted himself from the car and heard the door creak open as Sam hopped in, closing the driver’s door with a dull thunk and quickly pulling off towards the job’s location- a secluded mansion further ahead, hidden behind thick brush and even thicker fog. Finally, it was just Dean and Cas, now, in the middle of a dead country town with no plans and a helluva lot of time to kill. It almost felt honeymoonish, in a weird but strangely comfortable way, and Dean could tell that Castiel was just as clueless as he was when it came to what the fuck they were gonna do.
Joel clicked his tongue and prepared to make his equally catty response, but Sam cut him off in favor of turning to his jilted brother and giving him a puzzled once-over. “You good, bro? You slammed your head a little hard over there.”
“It looks like it caught on fire, Sam. Twice.”
“Too much.” Joel replied simply, but cracked his knuckles and decided to elaborate into the story the both of his guests were apparently asking for.
"And what do you want?"
“Well, it’ll spit him back out as soon as it realizes that Dean doesn’t belong there.” Joel now idly waved his other hand in the air as he spoke, slapping away mosquitoes that had begun their early morning flight. “No matter how the scene plays out, Dean will inevitably be cast back into Earth after a few seconds at max. The Empty is a place solely designed for God’s servants- and no matter how hard he tries, if he tries, Ephraim can’t go against that rule.”
“The Empty is a place that needs someone to be Shepherd over it, to control the angels that are assimilated into it and prevent any ‘situations’ from occuring while the angels are there. It’s just how like Lucifer is supposed to command over Hell, Archangels are supposed to watch over the people of Earth, and God is supposed to handle Heaven. Somehow, Ephraim managed to take over the place of the Shepherd of The Empty- but as far as I know, it's just a title.”
“Wonderful.”
him, but before I could stand up, the portal closed.”
was taken? What’s making you like this? In advance, I already know it's not just because you miss him.”
“Those are everywhere, Sammy.” Dean joked half-heartedly. “They’re called holistic shops.”
“Good. That’s… That’s good.”
“You want to know what’s horrible about being an angel, Dean?”
“Capiche.” Dean answered.
“Well yeah, precisely
“And if it was?”
, and it had a heart and a will of its own, and Dean had to see this journey through just to take a chance on it.
love, Dean was nothing. It had taken him too long to realize that, too long to let the fact register in his mind, and he knew that he wouldn’t be able to survive in a reality where he could never hear him say he loved him again. Where he could never tell him that he felt the same way again. It was a Greek Tragedy, long, winding, and disgustingly deprecating, but Dean was going to see it through to the end. Because if facing the end of all life and all things meant that he could see his angel one more time, then it would all be worth it.
“Hello? What happened to doing more research?”
“Yeah.” It was all Dean could say to keep scalding tears from rushing down his face and worrying his brother anymore than he already had.
They stood like that for 3 straight minutes, with Dean being too restless to go to sleep back inside the motel room and Joel solemnly thinking of things that the company beside him couldn’t even begin to imagine. Dean didn’t know what else to say that wouldn’t unearth the topic that had previously killed the mood until familiarly soothing lyrics eased their way out of the inn’s age-old announcement speakers and wafted around the two of them.
“Dead.”
“Well-”
Just a bit.
There was a breath, a sigh of relief that made him feel guilty. “I thought for a second that you wouldn’t show up.”
“I can’t fail him like this, Joel. I have to go through with my plan- if not just to see his face again, then to make up for everything I’ve done and everything I’ve ignored.” Dean croaked, holding himself and gripping his sleeves as he turned back to face their surroundings.” He waited years for me to notice that I was in love with him. He gave up everything, and now I have to do the same.”
“‘I shouldn’t have gotten hurt at all’? ‘I couldn’t handle it’?”
“Leave it alone. I got your point.”
“One of us has to be.”
Joel didn’t speak, looking off into the distance until Dean slammed his hand onto the bike rail. “Just say it so I don’t have to.”
After being touched by The Empty’s winding fingers and robbed of their 'assets', transported back to Earth and beating Chuck’s ass (something Dean never thought he’d be able to put on his resume), they had reached the end of the story. Now, Dean was blind, Castiel was mortal, and God was too. That was the textbook answer that Dean had come to accept, devoid of all emotion and simply stating fact.
Joel walked towards the left of the circle, Sam taking the final place at the right of it, and both looked at Elena expectantly.
“He made me blind, not a little bitch.”
Dean shook his head, instantly forgetting the millisecond long tension he had felt settle in his body. “Nothing. Just figured it was a weird coincidence.”
“Hold on. By
The hours passed in a boring repetition, going one after the next until 12 of them had passed, and it wasn’t until the sun had begun to fall back down into the sky that Dean took notice of the green ‘Welcome to West Point, GA’ street sign that stood faded and half-broken on the left side of the road. Grabbing his phone from the passenger’s seat and dialing Sam’s number again, he heard the line click much faster as his brother’s voice echoed from the other side.
Dean groaned, rolling his eyes. “I had to work fast, genius.  I didn’t want him to-”
“When the gateway opened, and as he was falling into the darkness, I...I saw a face behind him.” Dean felt his heart begin to race in his chest as he relived the moment, closing his eyes and seeing every detail just as clearly as he had back then. “It was smiling at me, taunting me with yellow eyes, wrapping its fingers around his neck and telling me to come find him. It told me to jump in
Still, Dean hated the quiet.
Turns out, Sam's incessant smacking of his lips was all the forcing he needed.
The bickering started all over again until the two of them fell asleep in the car, their heads leaned on the backseats and the Impala tucked right behind the old McDonald’s billboard for hours until the sun rose back up and the alarms on their watches beeped. Even then, Dean woke up just enough to turn the beeping off, and rolled over to get a few more hours of shuteye in until he'd have to get up and drive all over again. Laying in that car was uncomfortable as all hell, but sleep was sleep- and once Dean was in it, he didn't want to get out of it until he was practically forced to.
"Hardee har har." The sarcasm was dripping off of Dean's tongue. "If you remember, that deal was what kept me and Cas up here in the first place. Who's the smarter one now?"
“And don’t forget to be frugal with your ammo. You can’t shoot too much.”
“Listen, I’m sorry, alright?” Dean grabbed Castiel’s wrist and kept him close, reveling in the sensation of it but keeping the emotion at bay. “That was a dick move.”
“Good luck on your journey, Mr. Winchester.” She smiled at Sam, picking up her cigarette from earlier and lighting it again. “And to you,
. He didn’t know what he
“Yeah right, I beat you to everything. Besides, didn’t I already beat you at… just about everything academically?”
“That it does.”
Tommy drove the heated iron skewer into the center of the shell and watched the bone crack, small gaps slowly appearing all over it until Tommy released the iron from its place and set it back down on the radiator. Before she began to read, she grabbed a small vial of ink from the table and poured it into the mark the skewer left, watching the black liquid seep into the cracks with a disinterested look. “If you drive west, and go for hours, you’ll see one of the first people you’re looking for- the angel.” She started finally, tracing her manicured finger over the darkened marks in the bone and gnawing at her bottom lip, her eyebrows scrunched as she translated the message. “I’d be careful if I were you, though- it says here that you’re gonna die when you meet them.”
The man almost moved to walk away, leaving the two men in the hospital hallway with nothing but their busted dreams and reflected pleads, but stopped short in front of one of the wooden doors and looked at them with eyes of pure mischief.
Still, he couldn’t shake that same uneasiness away, and slowly stood up from his seat with his eyes on the door.  “I’m gonna go get some pie for later, I’ll be back.”
"Works out for me, then." Dean interrupted, and Joel muttered hints of a reply as he adhered to Elena's command, pricked his thumb, and let a drop of blood fall into the center of the circle.
, Castiel let the words spill from his lips in a whisper, the sounds of validation so soothing in Dean’s ears that he was almost certain he’d become addicted to it before long.
“I’m by a diner- Patsy’s, I think it’s called.” There was a sound of rustling as Sam turned around to confirm the name. “Yeah, Patsy’s. Do you need directions?”
He didn’t feel anything.
“I don’t care if you want to jump out into The Empty to get Castiel back and live your happily ever after. I don’t care if you kill Ephraim. Hell, in all honesty, I shouldn’t care about any of the bullshit you want to get yourself into- from now or forever.” Joel shook a hand through his dark hair and kicked a broken shard of glass into a small patch of grass nearby. “But I can’t help but care about what you’re
Tommy didn’t respond, making him think that there was more to her ‘divination’ trick than she chose to admit, and she gripped Dean’s wrist to keep him in the room. “You’re getting into something you can’t begin to imagine, a journey that’s unknown to almost every being that lives on this Earth. If you go through with this, and you find the rest of the elements you need, you’ll need to already have weighed the consequences. You’ll need to know what it’ll take to get him back, and you’ll need to make up your mind before you make that leap into The Darkness.”
He had lost a part of himself that was so important, so
“Especially not all of that work I did trying to get you here.”
“He’ll be fine, Sam. I’ll make sure of it.”
“Then what else was it for, huh?”
“He said a lot of things, Sam.” Dean said it like it was obvious, sitting back in his chair.
Flipping back to the page of the journal just as the car revved back to a start, Sam pointed at the last name that wasn’t crossed out and cleared his throat.
“There’s a Gas-N’-Sip right around the corner.” Sam pointed out, noisily sitting up from the passenger’s seat and letting the road map slump down to his lap as he jolted himself awake.
“It’s a list of all the earth-bound angels, a list
Sam patted his computer bag and winked. “Well for starters, we stop going west and actually do some research.”
“Listen man, I get that you might be happy about your… fruitful sex life, but for future reference- please don’t tell strangers you meet in hotel elevators about it. I don’t even know your damn name, creep.”
(TW: Suicide. Not described in massive detail, but if you want to skip it, look for the bolded word "Hello" after reading "You might not want to be in here, Sam".)
“Alright, come on.”
Dean pointed to the door and gave a disapproving scowl, watching Sam stand up and begrudgingly walk towards him with a painfully straight face. “Open the door and get in the damn shop.”
“What?”
“Just like old times, huh?” Sam nudged his arm and wriggled his eyebrows, somehow finding a way to smile even despite being chased by three cops.
“What?” Joel asked, turning his head from the emptied parking lot to look back at the side of Dean’s face.
“It’s a ceramic piece… of a humanoid bee.... sitting on a couch and drinking a beer glass filled with honey.”
Sam nodded, his eyes scanning the road but his mind most likely devising yet another strategy, and Joel piped up from the backseat as he leaned against one of the doors and looked at his tanned hands.
“Tallass, Shortass, this is Maryanne Caufield.” Joel introduced, setting the paper bag he was carrying down on a table. “Maryanne, this is Tallass and Shortass.”
“I trust you, Dean.”
When it was gone and the two of them could relax again, Sam folded his arms. “This is so stupid.”
“I say we check it out. There’s no harm in seeing what it could lead to.”
“What did I tell you this morning? I do. Do you trust me?” Dean winked, throwing a hand in the air at the sight of Sam’s slight concern.
Sam jumped at the echoing sound with a limp french fry dangling from his hand, his eyes widening with the sight of the ragged journal. “Are you sure you should be throwing that around? It looks like it’s on its last leg as is.”
“Sure, Dean.”
“Even when I realized I could grow my powers here, make it into a home that could fit a personality this big-” Ephraim motioned to himself with a laugh. “-I knew that there was no replacing Earth. There was no replacing the people, and their laughter, and the way they were all so easy to cleanse of their sins. Up there, they knew me, acknowledged me as the true God I am, and the women couldn’t get
“Dean--”
Dean felt his adam’s apple bob in his throat as he tried hard to swallow, but said nothing.
Curious, needy questions waltzed slowly in the forefront of his mind and took Dean over completely, but he pushed them down with a heavy swallow and tried to keep his thoughts from drifting again. He knew that he wouldn’t get the answers to his questions until he could finally see his angel and ask them in person, with their eyes on each other’s and their warm hands intertwined for the first time in what felt like a million little eternities. He prayed that the answers to them were everything he hoped they would be- and as much as he was coming to detest the smug archangel that now stood in front of him, he needed nothing more than for he and Cas to live a life that would replicate Joel’s perfectly.
“Sonuva
The suffocating weight evaporated as Dean sighed, slumping his shoulders and squeezing his eyes closed as he kept his hand on Sam’s shoulder. “Shit, Sam. I thought- I thought something had happened to you.”
Again, Comments, Kudos, and anything elses are always read and always appreciated!
“Come on, you two. We’re gaining more and more daylight- and I don’t want to scar any kid with the sight of me ripping my own heart out.” After a few minutes, Joel’s voice rang from the other side of the woods and got closer with each syllable as he walked over to them, the truth of his sentence obvious but still unwarranted, and stirred Sam to push himself away from his brother and back to the task at hand.
." The plea was emphasized. "She'll be more likely to listen to you, right? With the whole angel of Death thing."
“I didn’t steal it. It wasn’t being
“Hah.” Dean deadpanned. “That’s hilarious, Cas.”
He didn’t mean to hurt Castiel, but he just couldn’t control what he felt, or how it came out in every little thing he did recently.
“Wait,
Sam’s eyes narrowed as he continued. “That doesn’t make the ‘elements’ any easier to get, Dean. It doesn’t make any of this make any more sense, either. ‘Not guaranteed to work’? ‘Difficult to contain in the same space’? This is a guaranteed crap-fest that we’re walking into, don’t you get it?”
“...The Empty.” Sam finally answered, still keeping his distance from Joel just in case he chose to show the more ‘unappetizing’ part of himself as he did the day before.
Before Dean himself could interrupt her lengthy list of rules and explanations, Joel dramatically cleared his throat and brought Elena’s attention to him with a sharp smirk. “I’ve heard of making good impressions, but that suit looks a little stuffy on you- doesn’t it?”
“..Night, Dean.”
He flipped his brother off, knowing better than anyone that he was right but still angry nonetheless, and closed the door with an irritated grunt.
“That I loved you?”
“I’m doing this because I have to.” Dean tried his hardest not to sound defensive, but it still showed in the way he gripped the metal frame of the bike post until his knuckles turned red. “If I told Sam, he’d only try to talk me out of it- and it’s a little too late for that now.”
, without
The answer to that rhetorical question was obvious, and knowing it made Dean feel worse than he had in weeks.
take one of those, though- if you please.”
, and the thought of everything going back to how it was before seemed like it would be nothing but a pipe dream.
“Do what, huh? Knit a lamp?”
“Sorry I couldn’t do more.”
“Of course.”
him. The fact probably irritated Sam to no end, but deep down, he knew he could never break through whenever his brother’s mind was made up. “I just hope that you know what you’re doing.”
Sam began to repeat the name, but was cut off just as he was about to speak by the ringing of an alarm on Joel’s phone. Mumbling curses under his breath and checking the time, Joel nodded towards the entrance of the hospital room and twisted the door to room 346 open, directing them to the inside with the rude jutting of his head.  “Fuck, I don’t have time. Get inside.”
“You should listen to him, newbie.” Joel whispered, bucking his eyes and pointing down to the floor. “Look down.”
“Oh, alright.”
"We need an angel to get him back, Joel. We need you- because you’re all that’s left."
smart- unlike you.”
It might have been an impossible need, but it was
“Alright, then, how do we get to him?”
“Well then, I’m glad I can’t see.” He replied with a dry chuckle. “That seems boring as hell.”
And with that, the two of them turned on their heels and booked it for the kitchen just as the door was plowed open, the police officers fruitlessly chasing behind their worn off-brand shoes and being unable to do nothing but watch as the two grown men slammed through the window with a crash. Rolling onto a previously beautiful garden of petunias and hopping over the backyard fence back to the car, he could hear an officer cry out and yell random numbers into the radio that sat on his chest, each one fading further and further in the distance as Dean ran further off.
“It’s pretty damn insufferable, I’ll give you that.” Dean wiped his face with his hand and cracked his neck, shaking his head to get himself oriented. “But I slammed my head on accident.”
“I’d hope not, Dean.” Castiel leaned in closer to his boyfriend and put his hand on his, his face inches from Dean’s as he looked up at him. “Because I don’t know what I’d do without you.”
, anyway? Until their car ran out of gas, or just whenever they felt like it? For Tommy to be the ‘life-changing medium’ she was supposed to have been, giving out free advice and ominous warnings, she sure as hell didn’t know how to give specific instructions. Dean still tried to follow them the best he could, though, and continued to drive ‘west’ for as long as possible until he noticed the gas light blink on and felt his fingers begin to cramp up against the black threaded patent leather wheel.
“It’s not good to assume people’s genders.” She drawled, patting down her oversized striped t-shirt as if it would magically make the wrinkles come out of it. “I’m Tommy, the person who you’ve been looking for-- and the owner of the store you just disrespected.”
With a crash, Dean broke the window by the doorknob and opened the door from the inside out, seeing straight through the innocent image of the man that now sat feet away in his rocking chair and fully prepared to do anything necessary to keep him in their range of sight.
"Hm.... tough call, but still me."
“Well did you piss off any black ooze, lately?”
Dean was quick to leap up from his resting position and onto the back of his brother, leaning on his shoulder with one hand and twisting his knuckles into the top of his skull with the other, and before long the light-hearted attack had turned into a full fledged death battle as Sam kept a vice like pinch just below Dean’s armpit and Dean increased the speed of his noogie until he was almost sure he could see steam coming from the top of Sam’s head. They were adults, sure, but Sam would always be his little brother- and the only one who may have been watching them was an angel who half the time was too lost in his own thoughts to pay attention to his surroundings, anyway.
The sound of silence was overwhelming as the man rubbed his face, a muffled groan peeking out from between his thick fingers as Dean took another step closer to him.
“Sadly. I know you were terribly busy.” Joel freely let the sarcasm drip from his teeth all as he spoke, looking at the tight-lipped Elena and stretching out a smile of his own before turning back to Sam and Dean. “This is our cue.”
The thief whimpered things that couldn’t be understood under his breath and pawed at his newly greyed eyes as he tried desperately to find a way to escape the dumpster he had fallen into, his body trembling like a leaf in winter and his clothes stained with garbage residue. With a laugh, guttural and sadistic, the old man grinned at the sight of it and sighed wistfully, pushing his glasses up onto his nose and acting less like he had witnessed a man be turned into nothing and more like he had just remembered an old joke he had heard ages ago.
TW// Suicide warning! Not by a major character, but a TW nonetheless.
Dean and Sam slowly walked into the hospital room, already feeling antsy at the constant beeping coming from the covered up monitor that was pushed by the wall and the cold floor that squeaked every time they got closer and closer to the patient who had apparently already been presumed dead. Dean didn’t know what, or who, he had expected, but it wasn’t the old woman who was sitting upright in the bed in front of him- and by the looks of it, she hadn’t been expecting him either.
it when he killed Ephraim- the first time, at least.
“Popular is the wrong terminology.” Elena snubbed, clenching her fists at her sides with a scowl of pure disgust. “Your abandonment of your duty and 50 year disappearance has made you infamous amongst the Reapers whose workload you increased.”
But as usual, life was never like what it seemed to be, and as Dean walked into the shop and heard the silver bell ring overhead, he was met immediately with the hug of a man he had nearly forgotten the face of. With a strong hold, Sam had his arms wrapped around Dean’s back and held him close, and he felt a small smile cross his face as he followed suit and did the same. Seeing his brother again was good, was great, was refreshing, but had an air of shameful regret about it that made the moment less than what he wanted it to be. Did he deserve this type of attention? Even after leaving like he did, and failing him, and putting his brother through a worry that still hadn’t completely faded? Sam must have thought so, because as he pulled away from Dean slowly and patted off the dust that had drifted onto his shoulders, he chuckled at the sight of his older brother’s face and gave a contented grin.
“So...what?” His voice was withered and dry, like the creaking of a rickety old staircase, and the way he pushed the words out only added to his everlasting exhaustion. “Do we just sit here forever? Awkwardly, like this?”
“What if something goes wrong?”
Dean paused, contemplating his next few sentences. “Yeah, you’re right about that part. We’ll say 'a quiet voice', instead.”
one last time to get through the day. He hadn’t lived since he had died, and Dean would do anything it took just to be able to smile again. To be able to feel the air enter his lungs with each breath he took and see color in places that had become devoid of it. That included jumping into Hell, flying into Heaven, or floating in The Empty- and that included taking impossible risks, too.
Dean sat across from Sam in the small seating booth, grunting at the unexpected cushioning, and rolled his eyes as he heard a snicker from the other side of the table. It almost felt normal, how they bickered over food choices and called each other ‘copycats’ when they ordered the same thing, or how they laughed and talked about whatever came to mind without feeling like a certain topic was sacred or a certain thought was taboo. He was nearly normal again, which was something he had slowly forgotten the feeling of the more the days dragged on, and it was like an isolated breath of fresh air that existed in the sleek black ocean he was slowly but steadily drowning in. If he tried hard enough, focused his attention solely on his brother and let himself stop thinking completely, he could almost forget the gaping gap in his chest that had left his life without meaning for the past months. Almost, he realized, but not
“You don’t need to know. I’ll be the only one going in anyway.”
“You want to make a deal with your own life, Dean. You want to bargain for Castiel’s safety- despite not having shit to trade- because you’re
Hiking up the steps soon after he deemed the coast to be clear and glancing into the multi-paned window through the gap in the ugly floral curtains, he confirmed the person in the living room to be the man he was looking for and pointed at him for Sam to see. “Alright- that’s the guy. You ready?”
“Then he’s going with you.”
There it was. It was shaky, and messy, and Dean felt icky with the amount of emotion that seemed to be oozing out of him, but it was still all so beautiful. He was in love with Castiel, more than he had ever been with anyone else in his entire life, and the fact that he was able to admit those feelings to him in the best way he could felt better than eating blueberry pie in the bunker and watching old reruns of General Hospital. Shortly after that euphoria came the worry that Cas wasn’t going to accept his feelings now that he was a total wreck in front of him, but the overwhelming sensation of Cas’ body around him took the thought from his mind just as swiftly as it came.
“You called?”
After 15 minutes of tailing the angel around suburban street corners and bright public storefronts, they stopped in front of an otherwise unsuspecting bungalow and parked just across the street from it, watching him walk up the steps onto the patio and finally close the red front door behind him with the hum of an old church hymn. The sun had finally gone down, leaving hundreds of bright stars behind it, and that was more than enough of a sign for the two brothers to make their move. It felt almost criminal, but Dean knew that the lines of good and evil were always blurred whenever they were dealing with Archangels of this caliber. He knew it when they met Gabriel, and he
one minute and then regretting how he refused to open his eyes to the world around him the next. How Sam was able to look past that fact and still celebrate their reunion with a pack of his favorite beer was a question that had no answer Dean could have possibly come up with in that moment, and the minute he heard the door open and watched his brother step out of the door, he tried to apologize and show his appreciation simultaneously.
. It was
It was beautiful and ugly, intoxicating and eye-opening, and it managed to speak without opening Its mouth even once. With upturned eyes, it laughed at them, calling them fools and buffoons (which irritated the two dead men greatly), but by its sinister look, it was willing to make a bargain. Apparently, It had already made one with Lucifer just moments before the men’s untimely arrival.
it was dangerous. Because he
In those dreams, it was always burning, or breaking, or drowning. It was always Sam, or Mary, or Bobby, or Him, or all of them at once. And he was always the one who was too late or too far away to save them from their enemies, the one who had to watch as they died in front of him and live with the fact that he failed the people who he loved most until he woke up. He’d feel like his body had been submerged in egg yolks and his eardrums had been stuffed with moist coffee grinds whenever they ended, and that feeling would remain until he somehow managed to stop thinking that it was all ‘his fault’.
, Dean Winchester.” Dean hadn’t even been staring down at his body for a second until his grim reaper had arrived to take him away. Her voice was cool and crisp, the inklings of a Cuban accent tucked neatly behind words she said all too flatly. “Assuming that you are willing to join me, I will guide you into the afterlife. My name is Elena, and I-”
“Joel.” Sam said his name the minute the archangel neared them, watching him flick ashes from a freshly lit cigarette onto the ground a few feet away from them. “Yeah, we’re just about set.”
“And the worst part is, I can’t bring myself to regret a single thing.”
His angel, perfect and warm, was all Dean could ever want and ever need in his life, and even when the song had ended and bland commercials had taken its place, the whisper of the melody and the low utterance of the lyrics somehow still rang out as loudly as they had before.
“Jesus
The conversation faded over time as the two of them lost themselves in their thoughts, though there was a comfortable silence that had taken its place, and Dean felt Castiel slow his pace as they got closer and closer to their rendezvous point. Was Sam there already? He’d better have been, because Dean was still just as nervous as he had been since he heard those tires screech away earlier that day- and the longer time went on, the more that anxiousness grew.
“I don’t intend to defeat anybody.”
“I don’t know, but uh... Dean?”
“The archangel Joel.” She described him emotionlessly, but the hostility in the air had been suddenly brought to a peak.
it was dangerous. He didn’t need anyone to tell him so, anymore, and he didn’t need anyone to try and dissuade him now that he had finally made his mind up.
Because no matter what the cause behind it was, that water remained the only thing that kept Dean sane.
“I didn’t want to say anything that would hurt you.”
“Don’t say that like that- it makes it seem like we’re in some sort of kinky relationship.” Joel laughed, taking his time disrupting a corner of the sigil with the moving of his foot to provide the Reaper an escape route. Elena only cocked her head to the side curiously at his answer, but when Joel waved her off, she turned her attention to Dean one last time before making her departure.
“What happened?” Sam didn’t give Dean the time to even fully recover before rushing out the question. “All I could hear was Joel talking something about a plan.”
The scent of spring and freshly cut grass was floating through the air like an easy dream, and if Dean squinted hard enough, he could almost see the morning horizon. Or imagine he could, at least.
.” He cursed, seeing the blue and red police lights flash against the wall and standing upright. “How in the hell did that goddamned douchebag manage to set us up?”
something, though he didn’t want to hear
With that, at least their suspicions were confirmed- this was indeed the angel they were looking for.
“Is that what you’re about to do?” Dean asked, smelling the slight hint of menthol in the tobacco smoke as he put his hand on the top of the silver bike rail in front of him. “Give me heavenly guidance?”
Sam nodded in agreement, and with a quick stride onto the sidewalk, the two men tried to blend in as well as possible with the talkative group of people and kept their faces down and centered on absolutely nothing. Most of the group didn’t notice them at all, though a couple that were trailing behind looked at the two men suspiciously, and they passed the police officers that stood by the entrance with a clean ease.
Elena flinched at the sound of his command, but cleared her throat and tried to keep composure in the face of him anyway. Joel was
Dean stopped, raising a brow and turning to face the woman. Had Joel tricked them again, and attempted to lead them into a funeral just to get them off of his trail? There was no way he would be able to do that- at least what that's what Dean said in his mind- but he still had to confirm it. Angels were always unpredictable, after all.
"Our... loss?"
“Nah,” Sam said, flinging down the sun visor and checking out his face in the mirror. “I just dipped into the ‘Dean’s Pie Fund’ account.”
“Oh, um, let me see.” Digging in his jacket pocket, he grabbed the journal and flipped back over to the dog-eared page. “Well, we got most of it. The henbane, and the virgin’s blood, and everything else like that. As for the harder parts of it, the Angel is… accounted for, I guess.” Dean slapped the book closed and threw it back into the in-seam of his jacket, looking forward to the day when he’d no longer have to carry the damn thing around.
The old man huffed and adjusted his suspenders, sighing before opening the door and walking towards his beaten down van with a strangely irritated look on his face. Thanking the cashier, Dean made way back to his own car soon after, but kept his eyes on the back of the other customer’s head until he had no choice but to sit down in his own seat and turn the car back on. Something about him was...off, but recognizable, and if Dean wasn’t so focused on finding the angel he was looking for, he would have tried to discern what the uneasy feeling in his chest was.
In his own form of a response, Joel hummed, taking his time in lifting his hand in the air and snapping his fingers as he looked towards the horizon. Within seconds, there arrived the grim reaper, dressed again in that velveted black suit with her arms tucked at her side and her eyes lowered to her shoes. She had chosen to arrive in a more opaque form, this time, her body as solid and as visible as either of the three others’, and seemed to detest the feeling of being at least semi-human as the scent of lake water grew overpowering due to another unwanted breeze.
“Kidding! Kidding, just yanking your chain.” Tommy’s voice got lower and lower the more she spoke until she was just mumbling with a smile on her face, but she returned to her otherwise serious expression and pushed the shell away. When she didn’t make any other movements or say any other ‘premonition mumbo jumbo’, as Dean affectionately called it, Sam pointed at the turtle shell and flipped his finger back and forth from it to her a few times.
“Absolutely.” Dean answered without a hint of hesitation.
“He took the place of Azrael when Metatron induced the fall of the angels.” Elena massaged the bridge of her nose with exasperation, obviously not anticipating to either see or talk to Joel. “He serves- or rather, is supposed to serve- as the angel of Death under the place of his brother.”
The two of them rode in their separate cars to the hotel once their time at the diner had ended, Dean’s impala hovering on the bumper of Sam’s red pickup truck, and he witnessed the sun disappear and the moon take its place as they reached the building. It was called the ‘Days End’, amusedly, and it was a ways away from the broken down motel rooms and bumpy driveways Dean was slowly getting used to. The lobby was surprisingly nice for being in a town that he had never heard of, too, being sparkling clean and smelling of freshly peeled oranges, and Sam received his room key with no issue before the two of them clambered into the tight elevator and took the short ride up to the room they would be spending the night in. Thank Christ- Dean had been aching for a shower after being cramped up in the car for most of the day.
felt when he fell like this? Did he feel this same, numb, buzzing burn on every inch of his body as the acid of ooze seeped in through his khaki trenchcoat and seared off patches of skin from his muscles? Did it hurt an angel as much as it hurt him, or make him scream into nothing just as loudly as it made Dean holler into that same suffocating silence until his lungs grew sore and his body ached? Seeing that black liquid cover his body, feeling the pain of a fall that should have been painless, inhaling and exhaling those cold knives that scratched his throat all as they stabbed at his heart that had stopped beating ever since he had first splashed into that water; it had all culminated into a tower of excruciating pain that would ebb and flow with each blink. He hated every second of it.
with the intention to
Dean swallowed, knowing there was more to that than Joel said or would ever say; and let the topic drop just in time to watch Sam finish the summoning circle with a focused eye and a slow blink.
“...”
“No, but if I hear you knock my practices or my shop one more time, your teeth will be.” The woman shot back.
Two of those questions were never answered, but the third had a resoundingly loud explanation as the panicked screams of Sam and Mary consumed the motionless sound in the street, the two of them catching ablaze as sparks of fire climbed up their clothes and sank its burning teeth in their flesh. They were burning, like logs of dry wood, and smoke blasted through the upstairs windows as the now amplified sounds of their pleading shrieks rang out through the air. Dean still didn’t- couldn’t- move, his cries of advice going nowhere further than the inside of his mouth, and his teeth ground in his jaw as he tried and failed to just close his eyes and keep them that way.
Fuck. Dean thought he had Castiel figured out- that he knew what every inflection in his words meant and what every sentence he said hid within itself- but now, he didn’t know anything anymore. He was just so
something, and he’d have to remind himself to thank Chuck for ruining his life when he saw him again.
“Apparently he took the short one’s angel boyfriend a few months ago. They want to get him back with some fancy little spell, apparently.”
with you.” Dean put his hand on Castiel’s, leaning into the touch of his hand on his cheek, and tried to keep himself from letting anymore rebellious tears come from his eyes. He didn’t want this to be a sad moment, because he’d be damned if he would ever repeat this again.
I missed it, yk?
“Denny’s is too salty.” Joel interjected, flunking his cigarette butt onto the ground and stomping on it. “Can’t we go somewhere better?”
“What, ‘cause you kill off your vessels so often?” Dean didn’t wait to hear an answer before flinging the door open and pointing inside the room. “Come on, get inside.”
Almost instantly Dean could see that the two had a certain chemistry about them that was unexplainable, one that engulfed the entire room in a feeling that smelt like warm apple pie and enveloped everything in a soft and fuzzy embrace that got more and more comforting the longer the two brothers stood idly in the room. It wasn’t hot- like the burning feeling of lust between two lovestruck teenagers- but it wasn’t cold either, like a love that had fizzled out years ago. It just felt
“Maybe we should just give up on the whole ‘go west’ idea and use the grim reaper only for the spell, instead. At least then I can just kill myself and get it out of the way.”
“Maybe.” Dean shrugged.  “It’s recent, after all.“
“I’m scared.”
There was a wistful sigh from his left as Castiel took hold of Dean's hand, slowly intertwining their fingers as the two walked down the street, their box of half eaten pie tucked squarely under Dean's arm and their eyes on a skyline neither of them were too focused on anymore.
“Just show me what to do, Cas. I need to learn from scratch.” Dean paused for a moment. “
“That’s like three people on the internet, Sam.  For all we know, whoever owns this shithole could have just made three email accounts and wrote it his damn self.”
, and
Dean smiled at the sound of his brother’s voice, as tired as it might have been, and gave an acknowledging nod. He figured that everything with his younger brother was fine, aside from his labored breath, but that relief ended when he felt Castiel freeze in his spot, inadvertently yanking Dean back with him. “Sam, what… happened to you?”
?” Dean snuck an irritated glance Sam’s way, partly wishing that looks really could kill as he wheeled the car around a street corner.
, and as the hours passed, he had been struggling to come to terms with the fact that there was no chance of getting it back. His life as a hunter was over, his life protecting his brother was over, and now he had to make the transition into a ‘stable life’- whatever the hell that meant. He had sacrificed it all, and  he had sacrificed it for no other reason than to hear two words from the man he had gradually ended up falling in love with.
“Gabriel, Uriel, Raphael, Michael-” Dean glanced at the names that were listed, recognizing all of them but not understanding the point of any of them. “Sam, what is this?”
“Cas? What did you- what did-” he started, but he knew it was too late. Cas was already gone, much to his distaste, and he had no choice but to wait until his boyfriend came back for him.
“If I did, I got it from the best.”
“Yeah?”
Probably because both of them knew there was nothing that would ever replace the pieces of themselves that were lost solely because they wanted to be together for just a little while longer.
Castiel was safe.
Walking out of the bathroom and flashing Sam a thumbs-up, he grabbed his duffel bag from the doorway and was the first to walk out of the hotel room, Sam hot on his heels as he closed the door behind them and followed him out to the elevator. The medium was around 20 minutes away, in a small and secluded shop that stood just on the outskirts of Talona Mountain, and usually had little to no customers- as indicated by the incredibly lackluster user reviews that were on Google Maps. For a second, Dean doubted that the store was even open based on the picture alone, but when Sam was quick to validate it, he changed his mind. It still didn’t stop him from pointing out how sketchy it looked as they rode the elevator down to the lobby, though.
“You’re just as analytical as always, Sam.”
“Alright then, smartass. When was the last time you slept longer than 4 hours?”
“...You wouldn’t actually have bought a sex swing, would you?”
“Anyway, yes. These are the two splinters that have been in my ass lately.” Joel griped, pointing at the two of them like Maryanne couldn’t see them well enough herself. “Can you believe that they want me to help them with a whole ass portal to the afterlife? I know, you’re already worried about me- aren’t you?” He pushed his face towards hers and leaned in for a hug, groaning when the woman suddenly lurched forward and left him to fall onto the hospital bed with a hollow ‘poof’.
), Dean pointed to a group of people about to make their way into the building and made the quick and poorly-timed decision to walk in with them as their disguise. “Let’s follow them inside. Act natural, Sam.”
“Absolutely.”
Sam looked at Dean expectantly, and irritation trickled in his bloodstream. Out of all of the times he wanted his brother to take the reins, it was now? Now that he had to finally say how he felt outside of hushed murmurs and reluctant confessions inside of the cramped walls of a car or a seedy motel room? Dean felt his fists clench at his sides and rolled his eyes, but kept himself from saying anything that would set Joel on edge or drift them further from their goal. Joel was the only thing that could bring him closer to Cas- and if telling him what the angel meant to him was going to bring them an ounce further to their goal, then Dean would do anything- including throw his emotions out on a platter for the world to consume.
Elena clicked her tongue at Sam's gratitude and tapped her foot on the ground, making Dean wonder if the woman ever felt anything other than mild irritation, general annoyance or a suffocating desire for duty,  and took to standing south of the circle with her shoulders squared and her nostrils flared. He almost couldn’t blame Joel for leaving his heavenly post, especially after seeing how most Reapers either had the personality of a blank sheet of scrap paper or were batshit insane, but would never admit it. Especially not now.
“What do you expect
Dean let go of Castiel immediately and shot off towards the sound of Sam’s voice like a bullet, bumping into him and instantly smelling the thick metallic scent of blood that he had gotten so used to over the years. Sam was hurt, he had to be, and the heaviness of that fact weighed on Dean’s body like a grand piano.
“I don’t know- maybe? If we do, I’m letting them eat you first. The shorter ones always have more meat on their bones.”
It was because he knew the plan he had created was flawed, and he knew that it was only a matter of days until he’d have to go through with it.
Slowly, the world around them seemed to melt, their chairs turning into clumps of black sludge and falling under the ground,causing the world to ripple under their feet. Everything was morphing, shifting, changing from red to green, from liquid to solid, from upright to upside down; and it took the sensation of a light wind slapping against Dean’s face to make him realize that somehow, the Empty had transformed itself into rainy Central Park in the same time it took for an oil change.
“That’s right, it’s not going to do shit.” Dean took his response as an answer to his question and gave a gruff nod, too angry to stop talking but cringing at how his voice was beginning to crack and crumble the more he spoke. “So I’m sorry if I don’t want to hear your apologies, or if I’m more snarky than you fucking want me to be, Cas. Unlike you, I kinda liked how I was before. Before I was-”
Castiel didn’t speak and Dean didn’t continue, the two of them sitting once again in that fatal silence that was slowly growing more and more familiar, and Dean felt the Impala lift as Castiel stood up and turned around, his shoes shuffling against the grass.
Hey yall. ADOP is back, and ready to be completed.
“ I need—  I need you, Sam.” He admitted, squeezing his eyes shut and clenching the phone so tightly he was certain he would break it. “I never wanted to put you in all this, just for me, but I need your help. And I know it’s selfish, and I know that I shouldn’t, but--”
While Castiel explored, Dean wandered around quietly and tried not to bump into any displays, picking up and feeling random objects to get a better idea of the place. The furthest he had gotten were a few pepper shakers (?) and fancy feeling lighter that he liked until Cas had made his way back to him, tapping him on the shoulder and waiting for him to turn around.
“Cut the shit, Joel.”
“You don’t. For God’s sake Dean, stop always feeling like you can’t be happy unless you sacrifice something. Don’t you see what you’re throwing away?”
Dean’s mouth formed into an ‘O’ shape, and Sam chortled with the roll of his eyes. “Come with me. I rented out a hotel last night in case something like this happened- it should be big enough for the both of us.”
“Ooh, touche.” Joel replied, leaning against an oak tree with a cooled nonchalance and breathed a sigh into his cigarette, tilting his head to exhale the smoke into the atmosphere and then repeating the process. Dean wondered how often he smoked, and why he started despite ironically being the angel of death, but let the thought die as soon as it sprouted. It wouldn’t be long until he died; and even though it wasn’t the first and most likely wouldn’t be the last time he did so, he wanted his thoughts to be important. He wanted his thoughts to be of the water, and of his brother, and of
“Then I suppose our deal is made out for us.” Dean watched Joel lean in closer to the Reaper, keeping a wary eye on her and knowing she wouldn’t be able to refuse her proposal whether she wanted to or not, and kept his distance as far away from the two of them as he could. “What do you say, help us out and I’ll do the same for you?”
“Can we even trust a ‘medium’ that owns a holistic store in the middle of nowhere?” He gestured around. “We’ve already encountered our fair share of frauds, you know.”
? Do those even exist, anymore? Even if this was real--”
“That was natural!”
“Awfully confident there, aren’t you?”
Dean had agreed.
The ‘elements’ alone were enough to make Dean’s hands shake the further he went along the list, with each one getting more outrageous than the last, but none of it managed to terrify him as much as the last sentence that he read. Not guaranteed to work. Even if Dean managed to get everything he needed, which was already admittedly impossible, there was no way of being able to tell if he would be able to enter The Empty and come back out alive. It was risky, it was stupid, and any normal person would run away from both the book and the opportunity screaming. But Dean wasn’t normal anymore, and something told him that he never would be. He was desperate now, and needy, and relying on nothing but the possibility of being able to see
Rushing across the street and throwing the now cold box of pie onto Sam’s lap through the window, Dean hopped over the hood of the car and nestled into the driver’s seat with the fury of a man who had just witnessed a murder. In a way, he had, but Dean wasn’t one to look at things metaphorically. “Jesus, Dean, what’s going on? What happened?” Sam jumped up and turned to his brother with a concerned stare, watching curiously as Dean tousled his hair, put the key in the ignition and tried to figure out a way to explain what he had seen.
“And in due time, once our job is completed and I have taken control of my heavenly post, you will live freely
The line clicked as the other man answered the phone from hundreds of miles away, his voice thick and raspy with the remnants of rest still sharp on its tongue. “Yeah? Who- Who is it?”
"I guess Joel- or someone else, maybe- tipped them off last night. See?"
“Dean-”
“Maybe! It’s on the to-do list.”
The angel had been quiet ever since last night, probably thinking of the stupidity of human life or something similar, but Dean hadn’t questioned it. Sam hadn’t either, much to his surprise, and the entire morning had been drenched in a thick contemplative silence as they each prepared for the ritual in their own ways and thought further about just how they’d end up handling the situation. Sam probably wondered how he could help,  and Joel was probably wondering how long it would take; but, none of their thoughts seemed to matter when put up against the job at hand. At least not now, not here, and not for a while.
“Quiet.”
“Jesus Christ, Dean, I’ve got it already.”
, never forced but always genuine, and it made Dean miss a home he had never really had as he watched them stare back at each other with their minds already far from the world they had settled in. Standing in front of him was a couple, one made of an angel and a human, and it was everything he wanted to be and everything he was fighting for.
Castiel didn’t leave, but didn’t sit back down either, and Dean felt like he was holding on to a fraying thread as the possibility of being alone again gnawed at the back of his brain.
Dean saw it all, feeling his soul buckle while his body stood stiff, and watched as his childhood home crumbled to pieces and his family slowly burned to ashes in a fire that was now the only source of light that remained. Somehow, he heard the front door open through the sounds of the steadily quieting screams, and with swollen, teary eyes, he pried his eyes from the upstairs window and to the entrance of the house that stood darkened and ominous in front of him.
Not unless they stole it.
“It’s been a while, hasn’t it?”
“Is that why you were tossing and turning in your sleep last night?”
“I can do anything I want, babes.”
His hospitality went briefly ignored as his customer looked out of the window and back towards his car, snorting when he saw Sam’s head leaned all the way back in yet another deep sleep. “I’m good on both, thanks.” Dean took out two crisp bills from his wallet and put them in the cashier’s expectant hands. “And I’m not from here- good eye, by the way. I’m just in town to look for some things.”
She squinted at the words momentarily. "That only meant that the vessel had to be
“You know you love it.”
Dean felt a laugh bubble up from his stomach and couldn’t help the grin that followed afterwards, and he shook his head and bit his lip to stop himself from going overboard. “You know, I love that part of you, Cas.”
, through newly clouded eyes and an empty gaze as he sat on top of the trunk of the Chevrolet Impala.
It was early in the morning, too early for him to be up and moving about outside of the bunker, but he couldn’t bring himself to go to sleep. He was too busy reliving the past few days, reliving
“What’s that gonna do for me, Cas? Is that gonna make me be able to hunt again, or take away from everything that had ever happened to me? Is that gonna bring everything back to what it was supposed to be? Is that gonna magically make me see again?”
Castiel’s arms wrapped around Dean’s body and held on tightly, pressing his lips to his and making Dean fall into an abyss of ecstasy that he wanted to get lost in for eternity. The taste of spearmint flavored Chapstick sent shudders down his spine and made flowers bloom in his mind, the sheer warmth flooding into Dean’s senses and overloading his heart with nothing but the sensation of pure bliss. With shaking hands, hands that were afraid of the future but content in the present, he placed one on the back of his angel, the other on his head and let his hold linger for what felt like his own version of forever.
There was an empty silence, where Cas was waiting on Dean to say what it was and where Dean was cursing the existence of his pride like a catholic priest.
“--ll you, you talkative p--- of shit.”
was around to share his input, too. Until then, they didn’t have any more time to waste.
Before Sam could object, reluctantly handing Dean the hospice pamphlet, Dean turned the car on and winced at the sound of the engine rumbling on before slowly pulling back onto the street and towards the numbered address that was on the paper.
Patting Sam's back as if a spur to action, he prompted him to start walking towards the revolving glass doors that stood in front of them before stopping him just as fast as they turned the corner.
“Sammy? Sam--goddamnit,
“That’s
“We’re looking for room 346.” Dean said the minute he locked eyes on her, trying his best to look as normal as he could as Sam hunched over next to him, his back turned to the police officer’s in an attempt to stop them from getting a good glimpse of either of their faces.
“If it was, you'd know it." Sam explained "Before we left Joel's- well his vessel's- house, I snatched it from the coffee table. Do you think it’s his?”
There was another laugh, one so symphonic, long and alluring that it made Dean’s heart turn into melted butter and his legs feel like Jello, and he couldn’t help but blush at the refreshing sound of it ringing in his ears. Castiel didn’t laugh often, but when he did it was breathtaking- and Dean wasn’t used to being breathless all day. Slowly, though, that fact was changing, and Castiel being his boyfriend was the leading cause for it.
“Ever since, it's been my only mission to keep her safe.” Joel uttered the words like he was saying something inherently horrid, his body now completely turned to the window and the butt of his cigarette squashed in the flower pot by his side. “That’s why I’m hiding out here, and why it’ll stay that way until Maryanne…
“College roommate.”
did?”
to be as Sam’s big brother. It was his responsibility to make sure he was safe, and whether that was by nagging at him or protecting him some other way, he was going to make sure that nothing changed. That he could still be the protector that he was convinced he needed to be.  Sam had to understand that, and if he couldn’t, then Dean would have to
The first powder- calcite, Dean now recognized it as-  was finally down on the ground, shaken loosely on gravel by the water, and Sam popped open the second jar as Joel continued on in his explanation.
Mr. Winchester,” Tommy droned, turning her eyes to Dean like a cat to its prey. “I appreciate your patronage, but after today, never come back to my shop again.”
Dean’s face reddened at how easily Castiel was willing to admit it, and he clenched his jaw as he turned away. The things he managed to do to him and the ways he managed to make him feel were gonna kill him one day, weren’t they?
stop him. Living alone, without
“But… that doesn’t make sense. He’s dead.”
Dean gave a dry chuckle at that, walking out the door and hearing it slam behind him.
The car came to a stop before Dean could feel it slow down, a few feet away from the lake they had located the night before and nestled behind a cluster of oak trees, and Sam was the first one to step out of it after taking the key out of its ignition and unlocking the doors. Joel followed, wasting no time to share in Dean’s dissociation and walking with Sam towards the mouth of the river, and the two left Dean to sit in his seat and stare at their backs as Sam walked closer towards the water and Joel handed him that worn down duffel bag.
Seeing Ephraim laugh made Dean sick in a way he couldn’t describe.
Dean’s face turned white as a sheet as the words registered, but he cleared his throat and tried to put on his usual mask of inner confidence as he went for the door. He could already tell this wasn’t a talk he wanted to have, and much less with a stranger he had just met. “Did your little turtle shell tell you that, too?”
With his soliloquy finished, Ephraim waited for his answer. Waited for something, a confirmation, or a reluctant acceptance, or a pompous rejection; but Dean said nothing, did nothing, and could bring himself to do neither as simulated seconds ticked by on watches that should have been frozen in time. He only stood there, with his broad shoulders hunched in defense of a wind that didn’t blow anymore and his eyes transfixed on a monster he had never had the displeasure of seeing before in his life; and when the time for his response had come and gone, he couldn’t bring himself to say anything at all then, either.
Tommy pulled open the mason jar and took out the shell of a turtle, setting it out on the table before closing the jar of bones and putting it on the floor, and prepared to begin the divination technique with a heavy sigh that said she had done it countless times before. Using a small, rusted nail to inscribe various symbols and characters on the shell, she made sure everything was properly in place one last time and cracked her knuckles in preparation. “Alright, here we go-”
“Get Castiel back, I know that.” Joel interrupted, circling his finger in the air. “My question is, how? You gonna defeat Ephraim in a page-turning battle and kill him twice? Maybe go toe-to-toe with the black ooze itself?”
It was his rare escape, a scene so picturesque he took to envisioning it in the back of his head whenever he needed to dissociate from a particularly nasty situation, and to see it now sent the same shivers of contentment down his back as he looked at the translucent water through the cracked passenger’s seat window and made a point to ignore the clinking of mason jars that sat in the duffle bag in the backseat.
Dean hadn’t expected him to speak, but still entertained the conversation he had started. “What?”
"It kinda is, because the police now know what car we're driving and are on the lookout."
“...Stop looking at me, Cas.”
“Tell me something, Dean.” Dean snapped his attention back to the woman in the bed as soon as she asked and nodded in her direction, her sudden command taking both him, Sam and the still thankfully quiet Joel by surprise.
“Cool, anything else?” The cashier croaked, looking at Dean with a nervous expression and an attempt at a warm smile. “A-Also, you don’t really sound like you’re from here. Would you like a road map?”
Sam was probably worried, scouring the earth for the last bit of family that he had left and failing miserably, but Dean tried his hardest to suppress the concern that picked at his heart under his tired features as he sat hunched over a rickety dining table and tried to make sense of a book that was inherently senseless. His little brother couldn’t begin to understand how Dean felt, how his heart constantly broke and reformed in his chest with every waking moment, how his mind was a garbled mess of incoherent thoughts and half-formed emotions. He couldn’t understand how excruciating it was to exist in a world that built him up and molded him from clay just to tear him down and shatter him into fragments so small that they floated in the air and burned in the atmosphere. Sam couldn’t understand any of it, no matter how hard he tried or how hard he wanted to, and Dean didn’t want him to understand, either. He just wanted to get out of his way, as he had already accepted that he would never be able to be the big brother he once was ever again.
“That is what I want
“When have I not? It’s a style.”
Grabbing a beer from the case and putting the rest of them in the refrigerator, Dean twisted off the cap and took a long swig, staring at the late night sky and noticing the stars twinkle in the air with a pensive eye.
“I’m Sam, and this is my brother Dean.” Sam tried to be as polite as he could as Dean watched Tommy warily, quickly deciding to cut to the chase and skip whatever context Sam was fixing his mouth to give.
presence, and
“Then I guess I have no choice but to tag along with them after all, huh? Seeing how I've
was taken by the wind and promising him a heaven he never once thought he could have before, and there was nothing more he wanted to do than to put his hands on his face and pull him close, relishing in a kiss that they had denied themselves for too long. He couldn’t resist the chuckle that bubbled in his throat at the thought, feeling the irony of the situation like a curling iron on his neck and clenching his jaw at the reality of the situation. The one song Dean had tried to listen to so he could stop thinking was the one thing that made him think the most, all about things he had once declared he never wanted in his life. His entire life was a walking paradox, a cruel joke without a punchline, but he laughed anyway. It was all he could do to keep himself from crying again.
“I’m sorry, Sam. And uh, thanks for the beers.”
.” Sam stared at Joel. “Do you- can you- no, are you alright with doing this for us?”
“Your apology isn’t genuine. I don’t want it.”
He'd bring that car to heaven with him, if he could.
“Because you’re
Joel was the angel of
“Heh.” Joel exhaled a breathy chuckle, leaning back with his hands on the bike rack and staring up at the darkened sky. “Turns out you and I are a lot more alike than we care to admit, then.”
after what he did."
Sure enough, Dean looked and saw the last name on the list of angels sitting clean and clear of any penciled lines running through it.  “There’s still an angel that we can track down, Dean. We just have to find him.”
“It just… smells like one. Bobby took me to loads of these sorts of places once while on a mission. There was so much Nag Champa smoke I damn near died.”
Well, the thought sounded appealing, but deep down, Dean knew that the idea of ‘making the most of it’ wouldn’t be enough for him. It never was.
And soon after he let the words escape, then came the tears, burning and falling down his cheeks one after the other as he kept his gaze low to the ground. He didn’t want Cas to look at him like this, sobbing and emotional, but as he felt the man’s palm on the side of his face and his thumb rubbing his tears away, he knew it was already useless. Surprisingly, he didn’t really mind it that much.
“Maybe, but it's never been like this.” Dean murmured. “And this mission especially… won’t be like anything we’ve ever dealt with before.”
"Close your eyes and hold your breath."
“You say that like we’re attending a funeral.” Dean was quick to reply, taking steady steps towards his younger brother.
Then, it was awkward again, and Dean could hear the shifting of a coat as Castiel shuffled in his position. What was he doing? Was he nervous? Was he going to leave? Dean tensed at the thought of it, though he didn’t try to continue the conversation, but Castiel proved that he would be able to say enough for the both of them.
After seconds that felt like years, he had at last made it into that afterlife, his back bouncing off of sleek clear tile before settling on the surface; and after bringing himself back to his feet, finally stood face to face with the Shepherd of The Empty with a grit jaw and a glazed stare.
“Hurry Up!” Sam called from outside the room, and Dean rolled his eyes. One man loses his eyesight and next thing you know, his little brother’s acting like he rules the world. Still, responsibility was responsibility, apparently, and at the sound of a familiar engine rev, Castiel and Dean knew Sam wouldn't be waiting for long.
“All of it. I’m sorry for all of it.” He wasn’t sorry for shit. Perhaps that was why Ephraim saw right through it.
(See the end of the chapter for
each other?”
Sam thought it was boring, and he told him so every time they stumbled upon a lake on their way to a hunt or just sat by one to kill time, but he never cared about his brother’s opinion whenever it was just him and the water. The way the waves crashed upon themselves, mixing their currents to abide by the wind’s directions and swirling around in front of him like a beckoning call, was a calm in the tempest that he called his everyday life and a song to the storms that bellowed haunting thoughts in his mind.
“...Hello Dean.”
“I do not care.” She responded in the same monotonous tone. “I have been assigned to guide your soul to the afterlife. There is nothing you could do or say that would dissuade me from my mission.”
“Oh yeah, I do. I also know why it backfired.”
“I need to know more about this ‘retail therapy’.” Castiel whispered.
“Joel- help me out here.” Dean grunted in a whisper, jabbing at his shoulder.
Sam grinned. “Its a scary place, what can I say?”
The woman laughed, clutching her sides and slowly stumbling out from the counter. “That is the dumbest, most totally outrageous logic I’ve ever heard, man!“
“Well I don’t, and I don’t have time for games.” The chair crattled and clanked as Dean stood up, but the movements weren’t quite fast enough to evade the eye of Ephraim himself. In seconds, oozing black tentacles appeared from the ground, wrapped around Dean’s arms and legs and sat him back down in his chair with a force used more as a warning than a full display of power; and it kept him there, secured in that cushion and tight around his wrists.
“I told you it wasn’t a bad idea, Sam.”
“Knowing you, I probably will- even after you and Cas come back.” Sam wriggled his eyebrows but kept his eyes on blue powder, shaking the clumped lapis lazuli to unpack it in it’s jar. “You avoid commitment like the plague, you know."
Time had no meaning whenever
(See the end of the chapter for
He was looking to the future, but then he was stuck in the past.
They sprinted their way up the elevator and to the third floor, running towards their destination with their gazes locked straight ahead and their arms pumping back and forth with each step. Then, as quietly as they could, they skittered to an abrupt halt when they caught the slightly far off glimpse of a young man with one hand holding a large paper bag and his other on the doorknob of room 346 standing in the middle of the hospital hallway.
He had found a way into The Empty.
“Yeah, but not like this.” When Sam’s proposition was met with skepticism, he threw a crumpled up piece of straw paper at him and pointed back down to the page. “Just look at it, hardass.”
would want me to save him. No matter what it took.” Dean spat back. “I know that he wanted me to protect him, and I know that he’s waiting for me to make it up to him now that I’ve failed.”
“Quiet like you’re inside.”
, standing in the doorway of the house with his wings broken, his body mangled, and his face stained with bubbling black tears of tar that slid down his face and left small holes in the patio by his sullied shoes as they burned through the wood.
Dean chuckled and heard a similar sound behind him, though the mood was just as tense as it had been before, and they all stood waiting for a joke or sentence that would never come to ease the mood. When another breeze swept around them like an incentive to action, the three gave up their waiting and silently climbed into the car, with Castiel nestled comfortably next to Dean in the backseat.
As much as neither one of them wanted to say it, living like normal people was like pulling teeth. It was uncomfortable to be something less than a hunter but more than a normal person, going through each day knowing there was something greater in the world but being powerless to stop it.  But it was their life, at least for now it was, and they had to make the most of it today.
“...They saw Ephraim.”
“You’ll show me the way?” Dean repeated and smirked despite himself, feeling the heat from Castiel’s palms warm his cool knuckles as he gently rested his hands on his. “That sounds like an invitation.”
“No, we have to do this the right way, Dean.” Sam ran a hand through his hair and sighed, asking the waiter for a refill of his coffee and thanking him when he filled his mug back to the brim. “If we don’t use everything that the writer specified, we don’t know where you could end up. Hell, Heaven, Wichita--”
“I don’t know what I’m going to do anymore, Cas. I can’t see, and I can’t hunt, and I can’t protect you. I can’t protect Sam.” He turned to Castiel and shrugged, giving a tired smile as he tried and failed to see his face one more time through the mist of grey fog that clouded his vision.
“There’s a time and a place for everything.” The angel made a face, releasing it just as soon as he made it, and stuffed his hands in his pockets. “Besides, at the time, it wasn’t that big a problem.”
“We know who you are. What you are. And we need your help.” Dean was quick to speak, saying his words in choppy sentences he inched his way closer and closer to the middle of the living room. Sam elected to do damage control just in case the angel tried to make a break for it, locking the door, closing the windows and standing a bit further behind, and quickly, Joel was left in a corner with nowhere else to go. When you worked with angels, you had to work fast- and even then, that tactic didn’t always work.
Dean felt his body convulse against the black seat belt of the car as his eyes twitched open, his head accidentally slamming into the passenger seat window and his throat dried completely. It was late in the afternoon, with the soft rays of slowly yellowing sunlight beaming onto the hood of the car, and Sam and Joel had apparently decided to get into an argument on music tastes while the older Winchester slept in the meantime.
“What, like Beetlejuice?”  Sam whispered with a joking grin, but unlocked the phone and skimmed the name of the owner as Dean instructed. “Uh… Mr. Tommy Young? You in here?”
, and he didn’t know what to
Did they keep going west when they were at a crossroads? Did they plow through ‘Road Work Ahead’  signs and orange cones when a highway was under construction, or did they take a u-turn? Most importantly, how long were they supposed to keep west
“...You’re blind, Dean.”
“I know, I
“It wasn’t a bad idea!” Dean barked back. “I just didn’t do it right!”
Tumbling deeper, deeper into that abrupt abyss of nothing as the water evaporated around him, bobbing into pain and out into a hollow relief in some ever-present cycle his body had no control over and drifting into forbidding tundras of darkness until his eyes could see only the sight of blindness and his body had forgotten the feeling of standing on solid earth; all too suddenly, Dean was trapped in an endless cycle of destruction and rebirth until he could no longer differentiate his dreams from his lucid reality. He wasn’t on Earth, anymore. He wasn’t anywhere.
“Dean?”
“Just barely.”
“Back when Cas was here, he told me something. Something that might help us out.”
too- and for some reason, his brother knowing more than he did was always embarrassing.
“Other page, jerk.” Sam showed him an old list marked ‘EBA’ on the other side of the notebook, most of the messily written items crossed out behind wobbly lines.
“We want to get him back, Joel. We have a ritual, something that could help us out, but we need you to-.”
Sam gave a resigned sigh and shuffled around in the trunk one more time, grabbing extra supplies just in case before slamming it shut. “Alright then. If either of you need anything, call me.”
Dean felt strange setting aside what the medium had said in favor of ‘research’, especially after hearing everything she had told him about the dangers of The Empty, but he didn’t say anything about it. He was tired of driving west and getting no answers, and he didn’t want to rely on a string of possibility anymore than he had to. It was ironic, but working in this field of business meant that you had to have some level of skepticism- and trusting the words of some woman in a broken down hut was only going to go so far.
“You too.” He nodded at Joel, who had been standing silently by the front door for the past 25 minutes.
“That’s not good.”
that, but there still wasn’t a snowball’s chance in hell that he would choose to turn back after coming so far. He had ‘weighed the consequences’ already, he had cried over it and he had brooded over it all until the rivers in his eyes ran dry and he could no longer feel the pattering of his heartbeat over the weight of ‘
“Night, Sam.”
“I require...a purifier. A vessel to live through, a weapon to unleash when the battle is underway and sheath when the war is won. I must have a living, breathing person beside me who will stop at nothing to see the light I have promised their people come to fruition.”
Before he could feel himself fall, he crashed onto the walnut hardwood floor and heard the dining chair he had previously been sitting on tumble down along with him, one of his feet caught in between two of its grooves and his head throbbing with the first bit of physical pain he had actually felt in days. A lone book had toppled from the stack that stood next to him and onto his torso with a dull ‘oomf’, seeming to remind Dean that he still had work to do whether he was exhausted or not, and with a groan, he sat up and flicked through its pages with an absent mind and a steadily emptying will to stay up any longer. More than anything, he finally found himself wanting to go to sleep- which he was both more than ready for and needlessly ashamed of- but he wanted to at least explore one more lead until he succumbed to the sensation of sleep that his body had rudely told him it needed.
“I don’t need to talk, dammit!” He was getting too excited, too angry, too everything, and it showed in the way he yelled into the phone. “I just… I need to do this. I’m going to do this. I don’t have a choice.”
For the first time in the entire exchange, Joel looked at him, his eyes swimming with an emotion that was less than concern but more than pity, and stepped closer.
“You could have told me it was getting dark, Cas.” Dean murmured lowly, taking his hands off of the barrel of the pistol and drumming his fingers on the edge of the table. “I know you didn’t want to spend this much time just… doing this. With me.” He sounded awkward, which he hated, but he just didn’t know how to stop being so uncertain. He was always uncertain with Castiel, he realized, but whether that was because of what happened or how he felt about him was anybody’s guess. But it wasn’t
And with that, Dean felt his eyelids close to the sound of the night wind that howled outside of their hotel room and laid thinking of what was to come- of Ephraim, and of the mysterious ‘medium’ that sat mere miles away, and of the ritual, and of
“I’m desperate.” Dean seethed. “Yes, Joel- I’m desperate. That’s why I drove for three months to find this damn journal. That’s why I came all the way to Bumfuck Louisiana to track you down. That’s why I’ve made sure Sam has all the money he needs to live without me just in case-” He felt a rock form in his throat as the words struggled to push through, and he felt himself grow small as the weight of the situation sank onto his spine. “-just in case things don’t work out the way I want them to. Because I’m desperate.”
“Yeah. Yeah.” Dean agreed with Sam twice, once to convince himself and again to steel his resolve, and answered his question with a curt nod. “Sure.”
Sam went quiet, taking another drink and flinging his hand in the air like the waving of a white flag. “...Well, shit.”
“Dean?”
“Where’s the next stop, Sam?” He asked, stepping away from his thoughts and putting his focus back on the more pressing objective that stood ahead of them. “I think I’m gonna go crazy if I stay in this damn position for much longer.”
Dean nodded in agreement, and took another swallow of his own beer with a groan. “It can only be him, Sam. I don’t know how, but there’s no other possible explanation. Ephraim wants me to go into The Empty--and he knows that I will-- because he has
. It was all so far away, but still so close, and Dean could almost convince himself that he heard the ticking of a timer hidden within the catacombs of his mind the more he lulled himself to sleep. Just as he felt his mind start to quiet and his body lighten, he whispered the same silent prayer to his angel that he had been ever since they first bid their final farewell.
“Luckily, that flawless logic of yours checks out- I might be able to help you find what you need.” She joked. With quick, excited steps, she guided them to the back room’s doorway and lifted the beads out of the way, gesturing to the table that sat inside of it with a polite sway of her hand. “Come on in, Mr Winchesters. We have work to do.”
Was this what
, my family was gone in an instant.” Maryanne finished the sentence for him and clarified the misunderstanding Joel was about to place upon himself, taking a short while to stare at the two men in front of her with a kind sort of nostalgia reflected in the brown pools of her eyes. “Burned alive, locked in the house with no way out and left to suffer as we watched it all from a distance. I tried to rush in afterwards, but it was… too late.”
touch-- and to appease those needs was worth all of the danger and all of the beauty in the world.
“No, because I thought we had already met them all.” Dean laughed at how Sam confessed the answer and felt strange for a bit at the remembrance of the fact that they had already met or killed at least half a dozen heavenly beings in their lifetime. “Either way, pay attention to this last one. The only one that isn’t crossed out.”
with you, all of a sudden?” Sam turned around suddenly, walking over to the table and sitting down next to him. He wore another look of concern, the worry in his eyes shining against the moonlight to be seen in full display, and Dean felt himself tense as he took note of it. It must have finally clicked in Sam’s mind that Dean knew more than he let on, and he dreaded having to answer the question that would inevitably be asked. Just to prepare himself, he took another swig of his alcohol and felt a heavy exhale blow through his nose.
“If this is about getting an apology, you’ve got it-- alright?.” It wasn’t likely to be the response that Ephraim wanted, but it was the one Dean gave. “I’m sorry.“
“Enough.” Dean didn’t want to hear what ‘Sam would do if he knew’, and he didn’t care, either. This- this empty, average person that did nothing but enjoy the sounds of nature and make shallow conversation- it wasn’t who he was, or who he was supposed to be. In the end, he was a hunter, and he wasn’t going to let the clouds that dulled his eyesight stop him from being just that. It was all he knew, all he was, and he couldn’t wait around like some sitting duck for the worst to happen. He was going to protect Sam, and he was going to make sure that he could protect Castiel, too. It was the only thing that could make him feel like himself, again.
“Yeah?”
“It’s whatever, Dean. Just drop it.” Sam interjected. “How… How was you two’s day together?” The question sounded less like he was genuinely curious and more like he just wanted to change the subject before things got ugly, and Dean felt his jaw clench as he reluctantly let the topic drop.
Turns out, ‘West’ was a much more vague answer than Dean and Sam had anticipated- and a much harder direction to follow.
Without another word or another second, Elena disappeared in a fit of fog, leaving both Dean and Joel without the time to answer, and Joel was left to do the last of the damage control as he put a thumb to Dean’s forehead and sent him reeling back into his body with a feather soft push.
“He told me that since I had thrown away my duties as an angel, that I had to join him instead. That I had to ease the pain of the souls on this earth with him for a perfect world, like I was some goddamned lackey. When I told him I was done, he said that he’d ‘punish me’ if I didn’t join him-- and I told him to fuck off.”
"This is... a Hospital?" Sam asked absentmindedly, getting out of the car after Dean and staring up at the building. "What would an angel be doing visiting here, of all places?"
“Yeah, Ms. Caufield is-" There was a clacking of keys as she pulled something else up on her computer, and when she found what she was looking for, her face paled and she slapped a hand to her mouth. "Oh shit- shoot- I’m sorry!” The receptionist stammered, looking incredibly ashamed at the assumption she thought she had made. “I just assumed that- because three new people came to visit her at the same time- ugh, I didn’t mean to-”
Castiel told him about the stars that shone in the sky and the reflections of the streetlights in puddles that sat in the street, about dogs he saw trotting quickly with their owners towards ramshackled apartment buildings and shutters closing on old antique stores. He told Dean everything, no matter how important or pointless it was, and soon he could see the town in his mind with such vivid detail that it almost felt like he was seeing it himself. It was so warm, and it made him feel a level of comfort so overbearing that he was both afraid of and desperately craved it.
“Where should we go, Dean?”
“Maybe--” Sam grunted as he sat back down, opening his bottle of beer before speaking again. “Maybe it’s just a mirage. Like a human illusion that The Empty designed for you to see, or something.”
Frankly put, he hated it, but as he and his brother sat in the black Chevy impala on seats that were leaned all the way back and watched speeding police cars zoom past with their lungs in their throats and their hearts at their feet, he found that he really didn’t have a choice this time around.
“...Joel.”
“Where’s your little red pickup truck?”
anymore. He was just walking to nowhere, over the dead bodies and under the withered tree branches that reached out to him through gaps in chain-link fences over and over again in some morbid loop. He didn’t know why, but he’d be walking on that cold concrete until he was commanded to stop, or until the street lights faded off at the end of the road, or until the same person who had killed the people he stepped over made his rounds again and tore him limb from limb. The only real choice he had was which direction to take, and even then, it all depended on what the voices in his head said.
Joel seemed to revel in the plea for a bit, and nodded his head with a theatrical groan. "Fine, fine."
“How observant, coming from the man who was knocked out like two seconds ago.”
“ Sam? ...Mom?” Dean was screaming their names and he felt the frantic grinding of his vocal chords in his throat, but he didn’t seem to make a sound that his family could hear. He couldn’t move his hand to point at the man behind them either, though his fingers twitched by his side, and his legs were glued to the asphalt like a tree to its roots, though his calves burned with the strain of movement and the balls of his feet throbbed against the pavement. Why couldn’t he get closer? Who was that man in grey? And why was the room his family was in slowly being enveloped in a red and orange blaze?
“Kinda like your face.”
“Ah, the hospice care ward?”
“...Ah,
“In the end, you cannot find someone who wanted you to find them, Dean.” Ephraim turned to Dean and made a face, one that almost sympathized with the hopelessness of Dean’s situation but was too demonic to feel any form of true empathy.  "I wanted you to find me. I wanted you to come here. And I wanted you to make a 'bargain'; because just like you, I have something I want."
“I meant to say that I’ll be borrowing your brother, for a moment. If neither of you mind.”
Driving through back-neck streets and pothole filled alleyways fast enough to be considered in a hurry but slow enough as to not get pulled over by the police- which would have been a whole problem in itself- Dean drove according to his phone's directions and swerved into the most inconspicuous parking space he could find by the building, far behind the main entrance and packed next to a field of soccer mom vans and Toyota Priuses like a can of sardines. "Come on."
With slick brown hair dirtied with specks of oil that seemed to predate the dinosaurs, Ephraim stood feet away from him, his forearms stained black with the ooze that had until recently covered Dean completely and his feet bare on the floor. He was supposed to be ‘human’, and almost looked the part, but there was still no way in hell he could fool Dean with the faux form he had taken to meet his guest. The man in front of him was far from human, far from angel, far from everything Dean had ever known, and existed now as some sort of something who made the air around them stale and sucked all of the energy from Dean’s body with an ease Ephraim never should have had.
.” Sam said, looking around at the wandering passerby’s and acting like he’d magically be able to pinpoint which of them was the earth-bound archangel. Dean knew he wouldn’t be able to, moreso because he had taken a few left turns in order to make Joel less aware of the fact that he was being followed than because of anything else, but it was fun to watch his head swivel about like a cake on a lazy susan. “That means the medium was right after all.” He continued in a mumble.
“Yep, I guess. Can you hurry it up with the directions, please?” He heard footsteps approaching and nearly jumped from his skin when they passed him, huffing out a shaky gasp of temporary relief when he realized it was just a group of teenagers making their way towards the gift shop.
Sam damn near choked on his water. “That we’re gonna
“When you are prepared to execute your foolish little quest, Joel knows how to summon me. As for you, our Angel of Death- I look forward to working with you again soon.”
“Respectfully,” Dean swatted his hand away and grabbed the bag from the counter, already on edge from the eerie familiarity the man gave. “I don’t take advice from strangers. Especially not ones who smell like stale Jolly Ranchers.”
“And what the hell is up with the location, too? By a damn mountain? Is whoever owns this place trying to lure drivers to their dooms or some shit? Are we gonna get chased by some hicktown cannibals?”
“No, no I’ll pass.” He threw the cup in the trash and used the napkin to wipe his hands, rubbing the rest of the colored drink off from his thick wire framed glasses before setting the black lenses back on his red, rounded nose. “I… I’m supposed to be watching my figure, anyway. The wife likes me slim, for some reason.” He said the words carefully, like he was treading on uneven territory, and never took his eyes off of Dean’s uncomfortably positioned body.
Dean didn't reply, didn't say much at all, and let the weight of the silence carry on the conversation for him.
“Dean.” Sam sounded agitated, like he had been repeating himself one too many times, and Dean flinched at the sound of his name being called.
“I’d rather not style your ass, thank you very much, and I slept last night.” Dean replied, the sly sarcasm nearly dripping off of his tongue as he made his snide little remarks.
The two sat on the line for what felt like hours in a dead silence, empty and hoarse but somehow managing to speak louder and express more than what their words could ever say.
Dean chuckled and took a sip of his latte before returning back to his somber expression. “I don’t see any other choice, Sam. Most of the ones we know have either been murdered or just … disappeared, and you said yourself they probably don’t even exist on earth anymore..”
They agreed to meet at a small coffee shop at the center of the city, wanting the quaint silence of it in order to quiet their thoughts and devise another plan for the next few days, and Dean was the first to arrive as he reserved two bar seats for he and his brother. When Sam joined him, the two let their conversation drift right back to the plan to bring
The Winchesters saved people and hunted things.
“Wouldn’t you do the same if it meant saving the person you loved?”
you not to come to Lafayette. Humans never fuckin’ listen, do they?”
“Then what do you want?”
“And what are you sorry for?” Ephraim egged on, drawing out the conversation and wasting time his guest wasn’t entirely sure he had. “Killing me? Erasing the hold I had on my people? Damning the world to suffer despite my attempts at kickstarting its salvation?”
“He was
He didn’t know why Castiel suddenly stopped when he said that, but he didn’t dwell on it for too long. He didn’t dwell on it at all, in all honesty, and Castiel cleared his throat and kept walking just like nothing had happened.
Dean shook his head with a smile and turned to Castiel, looking in his direction with his usual coy smirk and raised eyebrows. “I could never be tired of you, do you know that?”
“Not as much as I hate your bad ideas.” Sam retorted.
Sam stopped in his tracks, but continued just as quickly. “Yeah, Dean. The list.”
“Dean.”
“Of course they have ceramics.” Dean replied. “It smells like an old ass thrift store.”
“Tell me more about what you see.” Dean whispered, secretly just wanting to feel the heat from Castiel’s breath on his ear again and shamelessly enjoying the closeness between them.
, but to his surprise, there was nothing but silence.
? Was it ever even possible, or had Joel and Maryanne just found some strange sort of loophole in the system? Did Dean even
“Wouldn’t catch it? I invented that line.”
“You look like shit, Dean.” He laughed, the insult nothing but a facade that held his true emotions in its subtext.
Dean expected him to say something. To offer half-hearted condolences or try to lighten the mood between them. He
Sam nodded as they silently agreed to go ahead with the plan, and he paid for their food with a gentle smile to the waitress before the two of them stood and walked towards the parking lot.
They sat together like that, watching the night go by for a while and just enjoying each other’s company as they exchanged small tokens of conversation between each other (including a particularly hilarious exchange about the newest works Chuck had written now that he was stripped of his Godhood), until Sam had yawned one too many times and Dean had felt himself nod off mid-conversation. It was quiet, comfortably so, but Dean found himself yearning for the comfort of a mattress and the warmth of a silk comforter draped over him much more than he wanted to stay awake any longer-- and it didn’t take a rocket scientist to tell that Sam was thinking the same thing as his head started to loll back and jerk forward in a constant repetition.
“You’re lying to your brother. You don’t intend to come out of this unscathed at all.” Joel confessed for him after a pause, exhaling more of the cigarette smoke from his nose in a huff and narrowing his eyes. “You’re not even going to put up a fight, are you?”
“I found a way to get him back.”
At the sound of her question, Joel sighed and stood up, opening a small gap in the window and lighting a cigarette like he wouldn’t be able to answer her without being at least a little intoxicated.
“It’s boring down here, you know.” Ephraim said with a yawn, scowling as he looked around and scrunched his nose at the slight imperfections he saw around his recreated reality. “Of course now, as you can see, I can change it to wherever I want; but whenever I first came down here,it was different. Quiet. Nothing but this black sludge all around, choking me, dissecting me, eating me.” The angel flicked his hands and clicked his tongue when he realized that the ooze on his arms was the one thing that would stay put despite any other changes he made to the Empty, as if that was something he hadn’t already tried before in the years he’d been down there.
“Yeah, well he’s not here anymore.” Dean cut him off, keeping his eyes to the ground.
But secretly, Dean was still a mess of scattered feelings under his worn face and glassed over eyes-as much as he didn’t want to be and didn’t want to show it.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m here.”
would want to be nothing but an assimilated mess in an afterlife he was never supposed to be in in the first place, that he would be happy in a plane like that just because it was ‘best’? He didn’t belong there, in The Empty, or The End, or whatever they wanted to call it, and Dean knew he didn’t. He couldn’t explain how or why he knew, but he did, and he heard those subtle cries for help seep from the walls and step into his ears every single minute he spent alive and moving. Hell, even if in some fucked-up turn of events he
Did Sam really have the audacity to ask such a stupid question with a straight face? To look him in the eyes and suggest that
“It’s
The woman glanced at the page with a low whistle, her eyes widening as she prematurely pushed the half-smoked cigarette in the ashtray and read down the page. “Among other things
“Ha. Ha. Ha.” Dean’s voice was monotonous. “Just look at the thing.”
Well, at least he had finally decided that he wanted Castiel next to him.
“You know--”
Sam laughed. " I'll be fine- I'm the smartest one out of the both of us. After all, I'm not the one that made a deal with The Empty, remember?"
“Something did happen to me.” Sam shrugged with a laugh, taking off his jacket and tossing it in the backseat floor of the car. “I got jumped by like 4 zombies, and a vampire that I recognized but forgot the name of, and then I damn near got impaled by a rusted nail that looked like it came from Party City. You should see the bruises.”
Dean kicked the back of Sam’s knee, making him buckle on his feet momentarily. “Ha ha ha, you’re so funny. If you weren’t so damn ugly, I’m sure tons of chicks would be stuck on you like a magnet.” He drawled sarcastically.
Sam raised an eyebrow, but stood up. “Then I guess… west it is?”
“What? When? Where?” Maryanne interrogated Joel like he was witness to the entire situation. Dean almost answered some of the questions for her, but stopped just short of opening his mouth. He still couldn’t say or hear his name without feeling like it was wrong in the atmosphere, there was no way he could rehash the moment with a near stranger and still feel like himself by the time the conversation was over.
, that is.
Without looking away, he pointed to a small switchblade that sat behind the counter and then to the cashier. “I
“I didn’t know how long you were going to be gone for!” Sam tried to defend himself, rolling his eyes like it was supposed to be common knowledge. “Plus, with the amount of cash in that account, I knew there was no way you could have eaten that much pie.”
There was more impatient silence as Dean pulled his phone from his pocket and began to play solitaire, and after a few minutes, Sam threw a purple pamphlet in his lap like he had involuntarily chosen to share a hidden treasure.
“Up the elevator to the third floor, and then make a left.” The receptionist said, her annoyance obvious at first but then faltering when an idea clicked in her mind. Dean didn’t like the look on her face and almost made a dash for it, but when she added onto her conversation, he couldn’t help but stand mid-run by her desk.
“More or less.” He interrupted, and the three walked back towards the rooms they had been given. “So?”
As much as Dean didn’t want to admit it, and would honestly have just rather left immediately and waited somewhere that he didn’t have to see the back of the Hamburglar’s head mirror-reflected through thick paper, he knew his brother was right. More than that, he noticed as he fell back down on the seat once again just as a third police car passed by, Sam probably knew
Even though Sam had asked him a variety of questions- some that Dean would have been too happy to answer, he wasn’t listening to any of it. He was much too busy concentrating on the feeling of butterflies that had begun to flutter in his chest after coming face to face with what he considered to be an omen of Death itself. He didn’t tell Sam what he heard her say as that door closed and their conversation ended, mainly because he didn’t want to worry him with what he tried to tell himself was nothing but an empty threat, but the words still rang out in his head like a Sunday Church bell and knocked against his brain until the sheer weight of them tumbled down to the pits of his stomach.
Slowly but steadily, they were nearing the finish line with each passing day, and it wouldn’t be long until Dean would take that step into darkness and prepare to engage in the biggest fight of his life. Maybe that explained why he’d been having nightmares every time he fell asleep for the past three days.
to do?”
“Joel,” Sam started, his voice coming from nowhere and making Dean’s eyes dart from the lake onto him. He had that look on his face, the one that said he had just thought of some weird hypothetical situation, and paused in the middle of drawing the summoning circle; all signs of him having a curious question that Dean almost definitely didn’t want to hear. “How are we sure Ephraim isn’t just gonna... trap Dean there? In The Empty?”
“We heard you were a medium, and we need…”
New Iberia was a small town a few miles from Lafayette, which wasn’t too surprising considering that Sam and Dean could almost be considered small town aficionados, and it was the closest town to a ‘large body of water’ they could find- aside from a few ponds that Dean was too paranoid to settle for. The night before, Joel had handled the Winchester's criminal charge in Lafayette in a way he chose not to describe, only saying it had been
Dean didn’t want to talk about it- because he knew that if he started, he wouldn’t be able to stop.  He didn’t want to admit how he truly felt, or talk about how he had been having nightmares for the past three days, or say that he had developed a habit of shaking like a leaf whenever he was alone for too long. He didn’t want to hear an apology, either, because that would just make everything
Dean says his goodbyes before falling into the Empty.
“How can you say that when you don’t even have the balls to say his name out loud?”
“Relax, it was a rental. I dropped it off last night before I came back with the beers.” Sam clarified, giving him a dead eyed stare, and Dean awkwardly looked away as he unlocked the doors with the turn of his key in the driver’s door, and clambered into the seat with an ‘oomf’.
“So in other words, you came here for no other reason than because you saw this place on
So, when they had only gotten halfway towards their destination, Dean piped up and let words that he knew would cause problems escape into the air.
“You know.. Dean stuff.” Dean didn’t really have an answer, so he just said the first three examples that came to mind. “Beer, clothes, maybe a sex swing if I felt frisky.”
“I sent you the basics last night- the Lapis Lazuli, and the Calcite, and the henbane, and the other boring shit. I didn’t bother to send you the rest of it.”
But before long, Dean felt the night air cling to his back like a blanket, and he could tell that they had spent a lot more time just sitting together on that park bench than they had originally intended to.
“Of course not.”
“Oh yeah?”
With the twitching of his nose, Dean almost brought to light that just because he was living in a dead body didn’t make the idea of him ripping his own heart out of his chest any less gruesome, but he thought better of it just in the nick of time and turned back to the front of the car. “Alright then,” he heaved. “All we need now is the Reaper-”
“Fucking hell, Dean.” Sam said, running a hand through his wavy hair. He was worried, and that was obvious, but for some reason, the smile never fell from his face. Dean couldn’t say much about it, though, because he was the exact same way.
“Shut up, Sam.”
. In hindsight, it made sense, with the constant look of an aged distance on his face hidden behind subtle smirks and upturned eyes, but the knowledge of it sent shivers up and down Dean’s spine as he turned to face the easy-going man who looked like Elena had only pointed out the most basic of information. That could have explained why Joel’s mere presence commanded a daunting attention, or why he seemed to have had no qualms with ripping his own vessel’s heart out, or answered for any other strange thing he had done since Dean and Sam had first met him,, too- but before Dean had the chance to think it through, he realized the conversation was continuing without him.
Dean groaned, feeling his legs burn against the impact of his feet on the concrete and his chest heave up and down in an anxious rhythm.
“You’re only saying that because you don’t listen to enough Stevie Nicks.”
“Show his true form again.” Sam finished, throwing air quotes in the air and imitating Dean’s voice as he repeated the same thing his brother had said earlier. “You said the exact same thing when we first got in the car. I got it already.”
, his mind needed to hear
to die in the empty room with the golden number 17 dangling from the front door and threatening to crash onto the concrete.
“Holy hell, man, you just don’t know when to stop, do you? Making my show my face this late at night.” The man puffed with a glare, scolding his mugger like he had just knocked over his favorite cookie jar. “Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have a show to watch. Another Gilmore Girls rerun is coming on at 8.”
“Me? Pssh.” Dean tousled his brother’s hair and laughed as he swatted his hand away, watching the waves crash on the shore opposite of them and tilting his head back towards the clouds. “I’m never worried.”
