they pull away a few moments later. they look at each other, melting into the other's touch. dean hums a low "mm," as he admires cas once more. cas interlocks their fingers. dim moonlight falls over their features. rain drizzles down onto them.
dean's eyes widen as he looks at castiel, lips parting in pure shock. has he heard correctly? no, surely cas misspoke. they blink at each other. cas softens his eyes, gaze gentle and accepting. he always knows how to comfort dean. he's perfect.
dean bites his lip. cas can't die. not again. not before dean can tell him. he should've told him a long time ago. last year maybe. but dean hadn't known then, not in a way he could accept or understand. truthfully, he's still unsure. he's running out of time, though. he has no choice.
dean's in his head again. he steps closer to him. mere inches are left between them. no matter, they've never seemed to understand the concept of personal space.
quickly, he presses his lips to castiel's. it's just a light peck, testing the waters. they blink at each other. dean's heart began beating impossibly faster and he starts to feel dizzy. he looks at cas with big, hopeful eyes.
dean can feel his palms dampening with sweat. his heart is pounding so hard in his chest he's afraid it might burst. he can feel butterflies beating their wings against his stomach walls. he's already said
"dean?" their eyes meet. deep azure ocean waves crashing over lush green fields. dean's features soften as he looks at him. he's overthinking, it's just cas. he takes a step toward him.
He stays like that for a while, breathing. And then, quickly, like he's made up his mind, he sticks his tongue out and licks a stripe up the toe of the dirtied shoe. His own come collects on his tongue and Dean has to press a hand to the front of his pants as he watches. If Cas has any complaints, he doesn't voice them. He just keeps at it, tongue sliding over smooth, shiny black leather. He starts to pull back up but Dean stops him.
"Perfect," he says. "I'd feel bad leaving you out here all alone." He reaches over and pushes the passenger door open, and there it is, isn't it? The final decision being made for him. He's going to get a ride with this man, maybe pay him the ten bucks he has in his pocket by way of thanks, and go back to the party. It might be over by now, but the doors would still be open and he could crash next to Charlie or maybe on the floor.
With outwardly obvious difficulty, Cas drags his eyes down Dean's face, down his chest, his stomach, and finally right where they're supposed to be. His expression is unchanging. He watches, has no choice.
Cas sniffs. Hiccups. Glances up at Dean and shoots a look at Sam, utterly confused and scared and needing a hug. Needing Dean.
He checks in on John, too, not because he cares but because it's his fucking job and if the man has choked on his own vomit or something, it'd be better to know. He's fine, though. Passed out in bed with his boots still on and a shiner that he probably deserved, but fine. Pity.
(Sam says the inclination doesn't matter, so long as Dean "chooses" not to go through with it. At the end of the day, they both know that's bullshit and there's no real choice at all. At the end of the day, Dean will keep fucking kids and murdering innocent people, and Sam will keep turning a blind eye and showing up once every six months to clean up his brother's messes.)
Dean respects the man. Really he does. But that respect was borne of fear so thick that Dean would have drowned in it had he not turned it into something else; something tolerable (although he'd be lying if he said he didn't wish at times for John to disappear on some out-of-town bender and never come back). He calls him "sir" and "John" and anything but "dad", because it's a good way to show that respect. It's also a good way not to get yelled at for acting like a kid.
Cas is jolted out of his thoughts when he hears the lock to the door turning, and his breathing rate picks up. There are footsteps down the hall, and then too soon, he appears around the corner.
Dean stays quiet, has to. Has to let Cas do all the work, otherwise it means nothing. If Cas is forced to do this, it doesn't prove a thing except that he can be bullied and threatened into doing something he doesn't want to. No, it has to be all him. All on his own accord.
His knees buckle and he falls to the ground, cradling his shaking hand against his chest. He leans his weight against Dean’s leg; Dean, who is standing there like nothing’s wrong, watching the boy beneath him shriek in pain and clutch his snapped finger with a passive, undisturbed face.
"You know what I mean!" Cas says. He's back in the basement-cellar-dungeon-whatever, and besides a bit of a runny nose, the events of two days ago have left him unaffected.
"And I know it makes you mad that I can't function, can't sleep, but I'm trying! I want to. I want to, I just keep hearing that boy... what you did to him, I-I panic, okay? I panic and I can't help it and I wish I could. And I am sorry for biting you, but you... you were too close, and I freaked out because that's all I can do. It's all I can do, sometimes."
Cas is breathing fast through his mouth. "...Hurt me," he says after another second, the decision final. "Just hurt me." He's frantic and terrified and it's then that he starts to cry. "I... I don't want..."
The boy is laying on his side, legs tucked up against his stomach and arms splayed like he just dropped them there and didn't bother to move them again. He's not as small as Cas originally thought; just looked that way compared to Dean. His face is red, tear-streaked. If Dean were here, he'd say it was pretty. He's staring right at Cas through glassy, unblinking eyes. He's quiet, though. Seeing Castiel must have shocked him into it. The only sound is his shallow breathing, a hiccup every now and then from the tears. He doesn't try to move, but after a while of staring back and forth he breaks the eye contact and looks instead at his discarded clothing.
He trips more than once, but never lets himself fall. He has to keep going. His knees scrape the ground one time, his knuckles another. But he's always pushing, continuing, escaping.
Cas is shaking. He can't tear his eyes from boy, off to the side, lying on the floor, moaning and writhing as he bleeds out behind Dean. "He's going to die," he says. "Dean, he's going to die. He's... he's... Dean, he--!"
He feels helpless. Completely helpless. And the only reason he's not freaking out entirely is because he knows he can't afford to hyperventilate through just his nose while his mouth is covered.
"Jesus," Sam mutters under his breath. Dean sees him turn away, and feels a twinge of guilt in his chest. For what, he doesn't know.
It's seeing that look in John's eyes and telling Sam to go to his room, go to a friend's house. Telling him not to worry, "I can handle it, if he sees you crying it'll draw attention to you, go away, I'm alright. Everything's alright."
Dean wishes he hadn't waited so long to make Cas do this. There's a hot little tongue against his slit, sliding back and forth, and it feels like fucking
Dean releases his grip on Castiel's ear, and his fingernails come away rusty with blood. Cas clamps one hand over his ear and presses his lips together tightly, whimpering softly on every exhale.
Stumbling forward, the shift in temperature is obvious. It's cold enough to be uncomfortable for anyone, but Cas is small and skinny and hardly wearing any fucking clothes. He feels it worse. He takes in the metal floor; the frost-covered shelves. There's not much on them, not as much as a restaurant would need, anyway. Makes sense because as far as Cas knows, Dean lives in this bunker all by himself. But it doesn't matter about how full the freezer is, what matters is that Cas has no idea how any of the stuff in here is useful to him or Dean in the context of punishment. He turns - turns to ask Dean what he's supposed to do, why he got brought up here in the first place - and he does it in time to see Dean beginning to shut the door.
Castiel has never felt so disgusted with himself. To kiss Dean - willingly and with hunger, as if he actually wanted it - that was the ultimate betrayal. Betrayal to himself, to his family. When he thinks about it, thinks about curling up in that man's arms and sleeping next to him, he feels a wave of shame engulf him. Pull him under. Drown him. It fills his lungs, he's gasping for breath, but all he can get are the rolling waves that threaten never to stop filling him up. All of that mixed with the trauma he's stuck with because of what happened to that boy?
"Please," he whispers against Dean's jaw. It sounds stocky and stiff and he has to force it out through his teeth, but he says it. "
But the hands keep pushing and if Cas persists, his needle could stick something he doesn't want it to. He tries to get the boy's hands away but they keep coming back, keep pushing, smearing blood across Cas's face and chest and shoulders and forearms.
If there are people out there still into this, still reading this, then I appreciate that. I urge you to go back a couple chapters and have yourself a little cozy Christmas re-read.
Cas has started crying. This isn't fucking fair. He doesn't understand what Dean wants, or how to give it to him. And it's not like he's been defiant at all lately. After being made into a human popsicle, Cas has been
Cas is a smart kid. He uses his common sense where and when it's due. "I... I don't think so. Thanks, though. I'll just... wait til morning, I think."
Cas takes in a few deep breaths through his nose, steadying himself, and then brings his hand up the shaft of Dean's cock. Squeezes just the right amount, and Dean
His eyes are glassy, wet, and it makes the blue of them stand out even in the dark lighting. His cheeks have somehow gained all their colour back in favour of a deep pink, which frames his shame beautifully. Fuckin' perfect, like a doll or a painting or Snow White.
"My name is Dean Winchester," he says. "I'm thirty years old. I have a little brother named Sam, and an uncle Bobby. I like fixing cars, I dropped out of high school, and my favourite food is pie." He says it all matter-of-factly, as if it's normal and not fucking weird and he's at a job interview where Cas is the employer.
it earns him brownie points with Cas, because after the pain comes the comforting and that's what's gonna make Cas fall for him. The gentle touches and the kind words and the praise and the aftercare.
His hand has started pumping again and this time he takes a little more into his mouth, tongue flat against the underside of Dean's shaft, cheeks hollowing as he sucks.
Cas groans, slumping back against the wall and letting his head hit it. "I mean what were you doing there? What were you doing at my house?" And his voice comes off weak and broken. He can't bear the thought of Dean being there. Breaking into his home. Touching things that don't belong to him, laying green eyes on his sleeping, unsuspecting brothers. It makes him sick. Makes him feel weak in the knees. Makes him miss his life so, so much.
Instead he says, "Get over here," and points to the ground in front of him. Cas starts to stand up but Dean stops him with a wave of his hand. "Crawl. I want you on your knees."
. He's small and weak and that's never been more evident than in this moment. He sobs, drawing in a breath when Dean finally moves his hand in favour of grabbing hold of the boy's hips. Dean pulls back, and Cas feels him slide all the way out.
He sees the man's free arm working to push his boxers down, and whimpers. He hears that sound he's used to by now, the sound of slick skin on skin.
He shifts in his spot on the porch. Sure, he feels like a massive piece of garbage for making his brothers worry. For breaking the rules and breaking their trust. But... maybe locking him out was a bit harsh. Maybe Luci is too hard on him. Maybe... maybe it'd serve him right to wake up and realize that Cas is nowhere to be seen, and maybe he got attacked or kidnapped right from his own front porch and it's his own fault for locking the door.
Even now, at sixteen, thinking about that sound makes Castiel uncomfortable. He's not scared of it anymore, and logically he knows it was never anything to be feared in the first place, but it still sets his teeth a little bit on edge. He's since watched much scarier movies, movies where the gore is up-close and personal (hell, he's fucking
"...Uh, y-yeah," he stammers. "Yeah, we get along. Luci... Luci is the oldest, and I guess we fight sometimes. But Gabriel's only six years older than me, so. I'm... I'm closest with him."
Dean pulls over, waits to make sure there are no approaching vehicles, then gets out of the car. He opens Castiel’s door, which the boy is leaning against, causing him to teeter a bit. Dean grabs his upper arm and hoists him up, and Cas yelps. A combination of problems factor into his tumble to the ground: the hood’s still over his head, and Cas can’t see shit. Not only that, but his legs have been scrunched up for so long that his knees feel weak. When Dean hoists him off the floor and out of the car, Castiel trips over the ground, Dean’s boots, his own feet. He lands on his knees on pebble-ridden asphalt, one hand on the road and the other hanging in the air where Dean’s still holding his arm up.
Now Dean knows why he's been so goddamn clingy. Why he never wants him to leave for work. Why he's been having so many nightmares.
And now here he is, feeling stupid for believing the back door might have been unlocked, because of course it's fucking not. He can't force a window open, he's not strong enough, and he knows that breaking one with a rock will only add destruction of property and "being a reckless fucking idiot" to the list of offenses his oldest brother has undoubtedly started for him.
Cas's mouth tastes like musk and salt and Dean leans hungrily into it, pushing Cas back until he's lying down with Dean between his legs.
He rolls over onto his side and spits onto the floor, and Dean suspects the kid is on the verge of vomiting because he's practically just drooling onto the ground.
He deserves it, though. He deserves the pain of knowing he let everybody down. He disobeyed, he stayed out way past fucking curfew, and he's supposed to be the good one. The peacemaker. The quiet, sweet little kid who does as he's told and takes his brother's orders.
Dean waits patiently until the muffled scream subsides into sharp whimpers, and then he stands up. He goes into the bathroom Cas noted earlier, runs the tap, and emerges with a washcloth. Goes to work wiping blood from the battered boy in front of him.
"Sammy, we've talked about this. He just has to take his anger out on something and it's better me than y-"
"I'm... I'm Castiel Novak," he says quietly. This is so, so hard. Foreign. Not right. "My older brothers are Lucifer, Michael, and..." he has to stop. He doesn't want to say his name in front of this psycho. Dean gives him a look to keep going, so he takes a breath and squashes his pride. "... And Gabriel."
Cas presses himself against the cold wall, as flat as he can go, eyes wide and chest rising and falling rapidly. Dean rolls his eyes.
," the boy repeats, using his free arm to bar against Dean and try to push himself away. He digs his feet down into the floor but it's no use, doesn't help. Dean is the crocodile and Cas is the tiny bird perched on its teeth, ready for heavy jaws to snap down on him at any moment.
Dean can see the internal struggle. The conflict. Cas looks so fucking powerless, just as he should.
Cas thinks, then laughs quietly to himself because he hasn’t worn a pair for six months. He takes the moment to appreciate being outside. The
"I was gonna take my time with you," he says quietly. "I was gonna wait for a time when I was in a good mood, take it slow, make it nice. I don't think I can do that anymore."
He feels feverish. The first thing he notices is the pressure in his head, like he's been shoved underwater, and he stretches the sleep (drugged sleep, it was a drugged sleep, Dean drugged him) out of his bones. The next thing he notices is that it's dark, and he knows it for sure because his eyes are definitely probably mostly open, but he still can't see very well. Dean has turned the little lightbulb off. The next thing he realizes is that he's not alone.
Dean shifts his foot, the toe of his boot pressing against Cas's mouth. Cas is trying to lift up and away but Dean just follows him, and eventually his lip starts to hurt from where it's trapped between his teeth and the boot. He opens his mouth a little, and he should really fucking stop doing that, because it only allows Dean to take further advantage over him. There's the tip of a steel-toed boot against his gritted teeth, pressing into them. Cas's head is forced back, and he'd be dead if he tried to move away. He doesn't
Dean can't even begin to imagine what the kid must be feeling right now. "Humiliation" probably doesn't even scratch the surface. Still, he does as he's told, practically humping Dean's leg because
Sam winks at him. Smiles warmly. Cas sees the cuts at the side of Sam's eye crinkle as the man smiles, and feels a twinge of guilt. Sam tugs Cas closer to him and keeps petting him and
He hasn't lost all control. He has to remind himself of that every once in a while. He's still alive. And although sometimes his mind seems disconnected, his thoughts scattered and uncontrollable, Castiel Novak is still flesh and bone and there is still blood rushing through his veins and he can still breathe and blink and shift and sleep. That has to count for something.
Sam was the first person who really suffered at Dean's hands, but the past is the past and they both know it. For all the "brotherly" fights and "playful" punches, neither one of them blames the other for anything. They both lived the same childhood, both know what it's like to have violence stuck underneath your fingernails like stubborn splinters of wood. Sam's taller and not as charming and he's perhaps a little more compassionate, but mostly the two of them turned out the same.
A dark ceiling, bright lights. When he tries to move, he realizes he's strapped down. Wrists, ankles, hips. A strip of soft leather secured tightly over his mouth. Any sound he makes, he'll be forced to swallow back down. He feels cold metal at his back, feels the ache of the various injuries he's sustained in the last hour. Bruised ribs, maybe fractured. Broken fingers. Shards of glass embedded into his skin, cuts across his cheeks from the whip-like tree branches, a freshly broken nose.
He can't even cry, not anymore. He never did get to read everything his brothers wrote on that card, but it's such a minuscule thing now that he can't bring himself to care.
"Hello," he utters. His voice is flaky and strained from disuse. It cracks on the first syllable. As soon as he says it, he turns his face to Dean's, looking for praise.
"Dean, let me out!" He yells, but it's out of desperation instead of anger. "Please, I promise! I promise I'll do what you ask!" But there's no indication that Dean hears him or even cares, so he takes a defeated step back and presses his lips together to keep from crying.
"No!" Cas screams, on the verge of hysteria. He's losing control, and losing it quickly. "Let go, let me go!"
"What did you think you were gonna do to me, hm? D'ja think you were gonna kill me, Dean? You think you have the balls for that?"
Dean sighed, resting his head onto their shoulder briefly, “Well we have to change that, I would be failing you as a friend if I didn’t make you watch them. Grab the remote, I’ll get snacks and the films. I have the DVDs in my room.”
Cas jumped up to grab plates while Sam grabbed glasses and cutlery and they all sat round the table together, grabbing heaping servings of spaghetti and sauce before answering.
Sam sighed. Didn't Alder know that everyone had pronouns? "I'd like to see what he'd say if I used the wrong pronouns for him."
Dean cleared their throat, starting again, “I know liking cooking, or cleaning wouldn’t make me any less of a man if I ever was a man, the point is I’m not. I’ve never been a man. I’m not a man, I’m not a woman. I’m- I’m non binary.”
"Mummy said that I was so good this week, we can have ice-cream for pudding!" She was almost bouncing out her seat in excitement.
Sam let out a sigh of relief. Thank everything that's good, the lesson was over.  He could not deal with any more of Lisa and Marve trying to set Cas up with someone, not Cas being too oblivious to notice.
They finished stacking the shelf and walked back to the counter. Dean followed them. He would follow them anywhere.
“Dean said anything more about this girlfriend of his?” Jo asks as soon as he’s in ear shot. All his friends knew about Dean’s imaginary girlfriend, although none of them had ever seen her either.
He smiled as he walked in, eyes instantly finding Cas and checking them over for injury. Sighing in relief that they appeared unharmed. "Heya Cas."
"Hey Dean," Cas said, a mischievous smirk on their face. "Aren't you coming in for the career fair next week?"
With another kiss on the forehead, Cas responded, “Sure, we can do it then, do you want to cook or order in?”
Cas wanted to discuss what Dean said, but tomorrow, or more today, when Dean was more sober, and hopefully not nursing too bad of a hangover. They had made sure he drank a lot of water and left some pills on his bedside table just in case.
"Professor Alder didn't seem to go down the best with professor Novak," Marve stated, rightly so, but Sam couldn't give her much credit for that. It was fairly obvious. "Who shall we try next?"
Jody walked out and Cas continued the class, Sam was restricted though, by a hushed conversation from infront of him a knew it was time. They had found their next victim.
Sam was not surprised to find out he was right. Almost as soon as they stepped through the doors into the safety of their home Cas was glued to Dean’s side.
Dean knew they weren’t  a girl, but they weren’t a guy either. They knew that for a fact. They didn’t know how they knew that, they just did. It was 2021, they could like to cook and clean and still be a guy, or like cars and beer and be a girl. No, it was nothing to do with what they liked, and more to do with what they were, on the inside. And Dean Winchester knew, on the inside, they were just Dean.
He pulled back slightly, his lips still brushing Cas’ as he spoke, “You love me?” Dean asked with wonder in his voice.
Den rolled his eyes as he finished putting his shoes on, "just out Sammy. Even if I did tell you, it's not like you'd believe me anyway."
Naomi from admin? The Naomi who hates Cas? The same Naomi who refused to use they/ them pronouns for them?
Dean smiled, “Wow, that's so good! Your Mummy is right to be proud!” He waved goodbye to her as she left, wordlessly pulling Cas into a hug.
“I think we should discuss this in the morning,” They said softly, brushing their hand through his hair, “And I think I should probably get you home now.”
Sam smiled over at his sibling, "I don't mind. You're my sibling. I don't care if you tell others we're related. It is much worse to hear girls in my class say you would be perfect together with Jody."
“Sorry Dean, I need to get back to my dorm, plus you probably won’t want me here when you finally sober up.”
Asexuality is the lack of sexual attraction to others, or low or absent interest in or desire for sexual activity. It may be considered a sexual orientation or the lack thereof.
Nodding to Benny Cas went to sit next to Charlie on  a log by the fire. “Well hello there Castiel,” A slightly tipsy Charlie laughed out with a drunk grin, “Where's your boy?”
He thought that would be the end of it, but of course he underestimated the sheet power of two teenage girls on a mission. The very next English lesson they were back at it again.
Non-binary is a spectrum of gender identities that are not exclusively masculine or feminine—identities that are outside the gender binary.
“I’m sorry,” Sam whispered. Dean was right, he still didn’t believe his girlfriend existed, but it still doesn’t mean he should insult the poor nonexistent girl.
Sam sat back in his chair, tiredly rubbing his hand across his eyes, "Two girls in my class have decided they need to set Cas up with someone. Somehow they thought Zachariah Being-Nonbinary-is-a-Fad Alder was the best place to start. They were trying to see if you'd ask him out on a date Cas."
“That’s because they don’t go to this school,” Dean commented, appearing behind her to get to his locker. “They are homeschooled. Their parents are very… strict. Want them to be a certain way.” He looked down, lost in thought, “They’re perfect I just wish their parents saw that.”
They really should say yes, or tell the person to find a new seat far away from them, they prefer studying alone and they don’t even know this person.
He couldn't wait to finally catch Dean in his own lie. He wouldn't let him make any excuses, not this time.
'Her.' Dean had never used any gendered pronouns for Cas, because they prefer gender neutral pronouns, but Sam straight away assumed they were a girl. Stupid hetronormative society.
Sam was pulled away from his phone by the sound of his parents car pulling into the drive and his parents bustling into the kitchen with shopping bags.
"Thanks, Dean." A pause, then "thank you, for everything. For giving me a family I can actually turn to, a family that actually loves me."
It was quarter to six and they had no idea what to wear. They hadn’t really been to a party before, but they’d promised Dean, they couldn’t pull out now. They couldn’t let him down. He was their best friend.
Looking in the mirror they decided they looked good enough and added some quick eyeliner to finish the look.
"Hey Sammy," Dean said with a smile as he walked into the classroom. "You left your text book here."
But, he supposed, he wouldn’t have to wonder for much longer, she would be coming over later. Apparently. Maybe. She had never made it before.
"So not a boy, not a girl, what then?" Sam didn't understand. He was confused. Cas was real, he could see that with his own eyes, but he- she- they- they, weren't a girl, weren't a boy, what then?
“What is it Sammy?” Dean groaned, he had a chemistry test at school which he could not be late for, apparently ‘my little brother decided he wanted to take half an hour to style his perfect locks this morning’ is not an adequate excuse for being late.
"I don't know," Marve contemplated, "they do seem to be friends but isn't Professor Bradbury a lesbian? And I'm pretty sure she's married, she's got a photo on her desk from her wedding day."
Slowly he creaked open the door, letting out a sigh of relief when there was an unarmed Garbiel on the other side.
“I… I um….” Cas looked up again at Dean, as he blushed and stumbled over his words, “I like your stickers.” He blurted out.
"Why is this the first time we've met your partner." Charlie glared at him with mock anger, but the laughter she was trying to hold back ruined the effect slightly.
Sam sighed, anger flowing through his veins, “You know. Something is starting to make me think you made her up. She always cancels at the last minute. We can make plans weeks before and she will still find some way to pull up, this time a job shift, last month it was tonsillitis, what's next? The plague? Honestly Dean, just say you lied. I’m getting sick of your half assed lies.”
Cas pulled them impossible closer, running his hands through their hair. “You aren’t alone Dean, there are others like you. I’ve met many like you through my travels on earth.” He leant forward, whispering in their ear, “You aren’t broken. You aren’t alone. You are Biromantic. You are Asexual. You are Non binary. You are perfect.”
Sam just grunts noncommittally, “Sure,” He mutters under his breath. “She’s definitely real, that's why she doesn't even have a name.”
Sam thumped his head off his desk in distress. He didn't know whether to laugh or cry. He was too tired for this. It was the last period on a Friday. Why did they have to start this now. They were right, Professor Novak deserved only the best partner to spend their life with. They were the nicest teacher at the school and every student loved them.
Cas laughed, a full laugh, and Dean’s smile widened. He loved Cas’ laugh, when they found something so funny they couldn’t help but laugh, head thrown all the way back and the laughter shook their whole body. Their laughter was pure happiness.
Cas just snuggled closer, "surprisingly enough, I don't want to go out with anyone else. I'm quite happy here thanks."
“Your emotions could never be stupid, nothing about you could ever be stupid. Don’t apologise.” He shushed quietly, rocking the most important thing in the world in his arms.
“I’ll go tell Sam food is ready, you just breathe, it’ll be ok. I promise.” Cas said reassuringly, pulling them into a hug and dropping a kiss on their forehead.
“What do you mean you’ve never seen Star Wars?” Dean asked, his voice high with confusion, “How have you never seen star wars, did you live under a rock?”
The problem was having to listen to the girls try to set his sibling in law up with another teacher at the school.
Over the next few days Sam was subjected to a few more instances of matchmaking. Their guesses were only getting worse.
They were just grabbing their phone to check the time when they heard the sound of the impala pulling up outside their dorm block. No going back now.
“Yes,” John started hesitantly, “We met them a few weeks ago at the shop they work at, Dean introduced us then.”
"And they," Sam wondered back over to Dean, "are the girls trying to set your spouse up with seemingly any teacher at this school."
Cas' flashed a shy grin up at Dean, "maybe next week then? I got my last test score back today and I only lost two marks, my parents aren't happy but they decided so long as I do better next time they won't ground me."
And like an absolute idiot Cas looked down at their stickers, as if they hadn’t put them on their laptop themself and saw them almost every day. “Oh… Thanks.” Now Cas was blushing as well.
Dean just laughed, his forehead falling to Cas’ shoulder, “We’re idiots.” Dean said with a smile, “We could have been together so much sooner if we just spoke about our feelings.”
“No but-” They tried again, but Sam interrupted again, “No stop it Dean, I thought you had got over this, stop being sexist.”
Dean was almost willing to grab his phone and bring up the photo he had taken of them at work that day, when they had been smiling to themself and looked so beautiful he couldn't resist.
Grinning at Drunk Charlie, Cas warmed their hands over the fire, “I didn’t know you were here. Also in answer to your question Dean is playing beer pong. He should be back soon.”
Sam walked over to the door cautiously, Gabriel was the only one yet to arrive and he would put it past him to meet him at the door with confetti or water guns.
Above Sam the bell rang and he and his friends all scrambled to class, but he couldn’t concentrate, why would he listen to his teacher ramble on about matrices when he could try to solve the hardest problem of the year. Cas.
Sam was about to ask what they were sorry for, but Dean beat him to it, "No. Don't be sorry. You're perfect the way you are sunshine. Don't apologise for being you. If Sammy can't accept it, he should be the one saying sorry."
Just then they saw a text from Charlie. ‘Wear your black dress. Dean won’t be able to resist you.’ Ignoring the Dean comment, they located the dress from the clothes pile and pulled it on.
Sam just rolled his eyes, "I don't know why you decided to join in the lying but it's not going to work. I won't fall for it."
“Sorry Sammy,” Dean shrugged, “Their brother needed them to cover his shift at work, what can I say man, they’re so sorry not to be able to meet you this time, hopefully they can make it next time.” They both climbed into the impala and Dean started driving down the road, driving home.
He pushed through the doors to school, smiling over at his friends as he made his way to his locker.
Silently Dean started driving again, pulling into the drive a few minutes later and pushing past Sam on his way into the house. Sam watched Dean stomp up the stairs, he still felt bad for what he said.
Cas ran a hand through their hair, “You sound scared honey, I’m sure your brother will love you whatever.”
It's funny how, if any other teacher had tried that they would have been met with a class full of grumbling students but it was Cas. Professor Novak was always there for their students, no matter what time. They would answer an email asking for help.
"Because they are a very busy, very important person and," he looked over at Cas and seeing the hesitation on their face quickly added, "I wanted them all for myself."
Sam talked to Dean for a bit longer, staying at his table while the others made their way slowly round the hall.
They all started heading through the house and into the garden, where the rest of the guests had gathered. Sam looked over to his friends who were all looking at the newcomer in confusion, and a few in revelation.
“This is everything I thought it would be,” Cas said with a grimace as they saw two people lying on the grass making out.
It took only as long as for Dean to round the corner of the corridor, then Sam’s friends were all throwing round theories.
And although hearing them try to set people up was annoying, he really didn’t need to hear who the sexiest person in school was or how to lock teachers in a room together to get them to talk, it was nice not to hear who “the perfect partner for professor Novak” was, after all, they had already found him, and they were happy together.
Sam had known Professor Novak, Cas, since they started dating his older brother. Dean was ten years older than Sam and had been dating Cas for almost longer than Sam could remember.
“I don’t like sex, not really. Sure it's fine, but I don’t crave it, and it's nothing to do with the person or gender, I have never really cared about the gender of the person. The people I’ve had crushes on have always been a mixture of genders for as long as I can remember, its not to do with the person, its to do with me. I’ve never wanted to have sex with anyone, not in the way people always describe it, I’m just following through on what my Dad always told me I should do, hoping one day I’ll be the son he always wanted but I know I never can be, because I’m not even a guy. I tried, Chuck I’ve tried.” They were sobbing now, “I can never be the son my Dad wanted, the brother Sam used to look up to, because I’m not a guy. I don’t know why I’m not, except I’m just not, I’m broken.”
"Castiel" they muttered, continuing to type, "they/them." They glanced over to Dean, quickly taking in his sandy blond hair and green eyes, watching him spread his books out a bit into a messy pile, although knowing students, he probably knew where every book he needed was, before pulling a laptop out from between two textbooks.
"Dean." He nodded at his brother while looking over the fliers on the table, "also it's Sam, you know that."
Did they? Not really, parties weren’t really their scene. But Dean had that look on his face, and they could never say no to him. “Sure.”
The Campus library really was a god send for over worked, stressed students who had things to get done.
Cas smiled slightly, shoving Dean from where they were sat next to each other on the sofa, “Technically I lived half way up a mountain, so no, but we didn’t have much wifi or connection to the outside world, so in that sense, yes I lived under a rock.”
Sam was trying so hard not to laugh, this was it. "You're not fooling anyone. I know the real reason you're here."
"We were wondering…." She paused, trying to figure out how to word her question, "do you like Professor Alder?" She finally settled on.
Dean was right about the back garden being quieter, they also recognised some of the people in the garden so they wouldn’t be standing awkwardly in the corner with no one to talk to if Dean left them.
Sam stepped aside as a group of his class came up to Dean's table to talk about engineering, keeping his distance so Dean could actually do the job he was there for.
Sam had almost forgotten about Marve and Lisa until he heard whispering from the front row. "You should ask them now." Marve hissed, elbowing Lisa sharply. "Go on. I dare you."
Sighing again, because they really didn’t want to do the paper, they pulled their coffee cup closer, gulping down one last, long sip, and opened their laptop.
Dena gave them a nervous grin, “Hi.” He said, walking through the door just enough to close it behind them but not coming in any further.
That's where Cas found themself one Monday evening, working on their English paper in the back corner. It was their favourite seat, close enough to the coffee shop for easy access, but far enough away not to get distracted by the sounds drifting from the café.
Cas took it and shook it, "nice to meet you Sam, I'm Castiel, although most people call me Cas, and I'm this idiot's partner."
Dean just blinked at him, staying quiet. He didn’t know, he couldn’t know, not about that. Could he?
Speaking of which, “I'm going to go play beer pong with Benny, Charlie is over there and I’ll be back soon. I won’t abandon you, I promise.” Dean said, searching their eyes for any hit of unease.
"They both said they'll be there, so hopefully nothing will come up." Dean informed Mary who smiled happily. She really did love Gabe and Cas like her own children.
"Cas," Dean started, "sweetheart you know I love you but," he cut himself off with a laugh when he nearly tripped trying to get to the fridge. "Darling I need to cook."
Lisa sighed, "We don't even know who they like. How do we set them up without even knowing who their friends are, or who they’re attracted to, if anyone."
"No," Sam looked up, following the voice to the road, where a mysterious boy was walking up the path towards them.
Sam sat in his seat, waiting for his English teacher to turn up to his final lesson of the week, listening to the people around him talking.
Cas had been excitedly planning their plan, how to get Dean into their classroom and if Sam wanted to be included in the reveal.
Dean laughed as he caught on what his spouse was planning, "I like the way you think sweetheart," he chucked, pulling Cas in for a kiss.
Surprisingly everyone got back on track and apart from a few glances towards Cas and Dean at the front of the room people got on with it.
Dean sunk fully into his embrace, “I think, I think I want to tell Sam. About being Biro-Ace, and being enby, and about using they/them pronouns.”
“Hey you go have fun, I’ll stay with Charlie here, see you soon.” As much as Cas wanted Dean all to themself, they had to let Dean do some things he enjoyed, and he obviously didn’t want to stay in the garden for the whole party.
So of course it was odd to hear Lisa in front of him wack the table, declaring that "That's it! Professor Bradbury would be perfect for Professor Novak." Partially because he couldn't imagine Cas with anyone else, and partially because Charlie was a proud lesbian who was happily married to her wife Gilda.
It had been a long day and Sam was happy to be home. He threw his shoes to the shoe rack and dragged himself up stairs, yelling out hello to Dean. He threw his bag onto his bed and then went to find his brother.
"Oh? Sure." Sammy rolled his eyes, "Ah Gabriel, I remember him. How did you get him to help with your lie? Never mind, don't answer that I've met him, anything for a good joke."
A boy from the back was the first one to pick his jaw up from the floor enough to ask a question, "Wait, aren't you Sam's brother."
"Anyway.” Cas said, clapping their hands, "we're not here to talk about my life, we're here to talk about William Wordsworth's. Back to the poem."
"Maybe I did." Dean leaned against Cas' desk, turning towards them, "any excuse to see my beautiful partner."
Dean smiled at his phone happy to see Cas being confident. When they first started dating they would flinch away from compliments and had very low self esteem. They still had bad days, but they were working on it.
After that, there's a loss of control. Dean failed himself, he failed his brother, so he may as well have just failed the whole entire universe. He needs to be by Sam's side every second. He even insists on standing outside the bathroom door when he goes. He never wants to be apart from him, not one more fucking time. He has to be close, has to get that control back, has to be in charge, has to protect Sam, has to make sure nothing and no one else can ever get to him, has to be the main person in the kid's life. The only person. The most important person. The person who can keep him safe and watch out for him and comfort him and never, ever let assholes like John Winchester near him again.
. It's not just a possibility, it's not a mere chance, it's a surety. This is over. The unlocked door was not a mistake, and Cas realizes he was being tested from the start. It was a test he was destined to fail, and now he'll learn his lesson.
. It sprouted as Dean got older, growing right along with him. John got worse as Dean outgrew his Skechers and overalls, and eventually little Sammy got a taste of it too. The seed finally bloomed when Dean started adopting his fathers' bad habits as his own: when he stole his first wallet, smoked his first cigarette, punched somebody weaker than him for the first time, hit a dog not-quite-on-accident and left it in the middle of the road.
He has to stop, has to make himself stop. It won’t be pretty if he sends himself into another panic.
Stepping forward, Cas clings to Dean again. Wraps his arms around his waist and presses his face into a searing, solid chest.
Just a little while longer and Dean is close, so he says "look at me" in a gruff voice and then repeats himself when the kid doesn't fucking do anything. He's sterner the second time. Cas whimpers, actually fucking whimpers, and Dean is so fucking sick of not being listened to.
Finally Castiel sets his palms flat against the mattress, and Dean watches as he pushes himself up, elbows and shoulders jutting out like he's a zombie building himself back up from bones. When he's sitting up at last, the sheet slides off his little torso and Dean can
Cas stares back at him, mouth slack, silent tears streaming down his face. Neither one speaks. There's virtually no space between them, their air shared and tense. If Dean wanted to, he could reach his arm through the window, grab hold of Cas's hair, and slam him against the door until he dies knowing his mistakes. Lucky for the kid, Dean is feeling gracious. Cas's face is pure terror, and jesus, it's satisfying. After a while the boy starts to whimper, clearly torn between his options. It's obvious he doesn't want to turn his back on Dean to open the final door between him and the outside world. Dean just stands, giving him a hard, close-mouthed grin. Cas's face crumples as he gives in to the tears, the situation becoming too much for him.
Sam’s got his hands on Cas’s shoulders and he’s pushing him back, gentle but firm. Cas is frantic, clawing at Sam’s wrists, and they’re both raising their voices and now Dean’s chiming in too, telling Cas to sit down and shut up and everything’s gonna be fine, but it’s a fucking trick and they all know it. Cas knows it.
His free hand is still on Dean's thigh, fingers curling into denim. He kneels there and jerks Dean off, aided by the slick of pre-come leaking from the tip. He looks so adorably conflicted about what he's doing, so corrupted and lost and upset, that Dean can't help but laugh a little.
"Then don't ask," Cas says, no hesitation. The instant gratification is worth the backlash, easy. This time, Dean pockets the phone and shoves both thumbs up under Castiel's jaw, pushing hard on the pressure points. Cas's head is forced back  and he makes a sound like he's choking, clenching his teeth hard against the pain. Dean doesn't relent when he speaks.
Dean is straddling his hips as he writhes on the ground. He's uncuffed the boy's ankle and used the cuff instead to restrain both hands above his head. Pulled the chain taut so he can't move around as much as he'd like to. Dean is watching the tip of his knife dip into soft skin every now and then, dragging down when it needs to. It's a small knife, something that'd been tucked into his back pocket, which makes for easy control. And it's sharpened, of course. Dean's father taught him nothing if not how to take care of his weapons.
He's a murderer. A serial murderer and an admitted rapist and he wants Cas to eat mashed potato off his bare fingers.
Cas is exhausted, he hurts all over, and it's completely terrifying to be at Dean's mercy when he's got a knife. He feels like a rat in a cage. Stuck, unable to move, no way out.
"Hey, it's okay, it's alright. You just gotta clean it up, is all. We're gonna keep this on until you're done, okay?" Dean tugs on the cloth over Cas's eyes.
"Oh. Yeah. I'm fine." Cas calls back, trying a polite smile that will hopefully feign contentment and make the man believe his lie.
There's a wet finger at his hole and he jumps, feeling a tear slide down his cheek. Dean is grinning to himself, tongue poking out between his wolf's teeth. The finger circles his entrance and then pushes in without warning, and Cas moans defeatedly. It doesn't hurt, necessarily, but it feels indescribably
He trails off, because Dean's fingers are at his mouth. Tracing over pouty lips, feeling the curve of his cupid's bow. He pushes his thumb inside Cas's mouth, pressing gently on the tip of his tongue.
"We're all named after angels," he explains. "Because... well, my dad was a freak about religion, I guess. Um... oh. I'm sixteen. And my best friend's name is Charlie, and I really like... English." There. That has to be satisfactory. He hated every second of it, but at least Dean can't say he didn't cooperate.
Cas is already swiping at his face, grimacing at the texture as the cloth spreads come over his face before clearing it away. He nods.
There are no phones. No landlines. He's never seen Dean's cell phone, if he even has one, and he's sure his own is either smashed by now or hidden where he's never gonna find it.
"Hey, take a breath," he says. "Calm down. Deep breath. That's it, good boy, just keep breathing." He sighs, starts to pet Castiel's head. "You just have to make a decision, dear. Just say the word and we can get this over with."
Cas knows. Cas knows what he'll do. It'll be strong hands and strained muscles and wheezing, choking sounds and flailing limbs and a last breath.
He stumbles over the uneven ground, brush and branches hitting his skin as he runs, only one goal in mind. Get out.
He tries so hard to rip free of Dean's grip but all he can do is thrash around a bit and gag. Dean leans forward, pressing into Cas from behind, making him lean over the toilet. Fingers going down his throat. Cas is making sounds like sickness and he's gagging and it's a horrible feeling, it's a nightmare, and then spit drips past his lips and down his chin and there's a tight pull in his stomach and he's throwing up.
PLEASE NOTE that in order to tackle this fic again, I once again deleted the last chapter and rewrote it. If you remember the last one, you'll notice that this takes an entirely different turn. I like it better.
"C... cut me?" He asks, voice small. "How... what does that..?" He's looking up at Dean with tears in his eyes.
. As he does, Cas notices that he's carrying a plastic bag, carefully bunched at the top so to keep the contents inside dry. Dean doesn't say anything about the bag, just kicks his boots off and claps a soggy hand on Castiel's shoulder as he passes, leaving a wet handprint on his shirt.
His forehead hits the ground and there's a moment where he can't see anything. His arm is trapped underneath himself, and as soon as he's down, he feels two hands grab the back of his jacket and haul him up.
At the sound of it, Cas whips around, paperweight raised and eyes glowing white in the dark of the bunker. Dean stays silent for a few long moments, unmoving as Castiel's eyes scan the vast room and its adjoining hallways.
Cas feels a swell of tears in his chest, bites it back. "Hit me," he repeats, louder but still directed into the floor. Dean's voice is closer when he speaks again. Right over his shoulder.
About an hour later and Cas is curled up on his mattress for the first time. He hasn't been able to fall back asleep, so he lays awake trying to get comfortable and refusing to let himself think of home. If he thinks of home, he'll think of how much he misses the smell of it. If he thinks of home, he'll think about how Michael has been asking him for the last two weeks to clean his room and now he doesn't have the chance to. If he thinks of home, he'll think of his brothers sitting in clammy silence at the dinner table, hands clenched and feet tapping and jaws set as they all think about where their little Cassie could possibly be. He can't let himself remember the mornings spent bickering over who's taking all the hot water, or the once-in-a-while evenings where everybody's getting along and they're watching the game on tv or they're playing cards or they're wrestling. Above all, he will not think back to the night he was taken, when he seriously thought that if he were not to show up in the morning, it would serve Lucifer right to feel horrible for locking the doors. He will not think about how he imagined Luci wondering if his brother had been kidnapped right from his front porch. He will not think about it. He will not let himself miss them. Because if he starts, he will never, never stop.
She's young, with blunt fingernails bitten from a girlish habit she's yet to break and hair that even Dean can see has got split ends. She's the broken type. He could tell what kind of girl she was from the moment he saw her flashing her only good pair of high heels from her perch atop the bar stool. She was a good student in school, not a lot of friends, traumatic childhood events that she still considers normal occurences up the fucking wall. She's damaged. Doesn't think she's pretty, has never been apologized to by anyone in her life, and probably steals her sister's antidepressants when she needs a kick. It's all right there in the way she holds herself, the way she presses her red lips together and holds her arm like an insecure teenager being bullied in the school cafeteria. It's painfully obvious. Dean can read her like a book. Still, she's a mouth and a pair of tits and Dean wants to take his time with his little "downstairs guest", so he's sticking to hook-ups and alleyway blowjobs for now. Besides, even though Dean is perfectly capable of picking up classy women who're familiar with the concept of self-respect (thank you very much), sometimes he just wants a girl with issues who just needs his dick and the illusion of affection to fix her.
Sometimes he reads to him, Cas cradled in the crook of his arm and Dean doing all the different voices into the top of his head. That can be enjoyable, because Dean always asks questions or says
She didn't ask for it but she may as well have, and it's not like he's actually squeezing so what the fuck does she have to complain about? He's not doing it for her anyway, he's doing it for himself, and he buries his face in her shoulder and bites down on scented body wash skin as he climaxes. Rolls off her when he's done. Ignores whatever breathy praises she gives because he's heard them all before; thinks about how lucky she is that she's leaving here alive tonight. Then after giving her some time to recover, he tells her to call her girlfriend to come pick her up. She complains passively, which is almost worse than outright, and Dean thinks about slapping her in the fucking mouth but he's in a forgiving mood tonight.
He still does that blanking-out thing every now and then, and it's annoying as shit. Cute, but annoying. Dean has taken to twisting his wrist every time he does it.
"You're right. You're right. I noticed it, too, I feel like I'm going crazy. I can't help it, I can't control myself. I'm... I-I'm really fucking trying not to lose my shit around you, but you just... you scare the shit out of me!"
There's a long silence. Logically, they shouldn't be discussing this in a crowded bar. If someone were to overhear Dean talk openly about his crimes, and Sam, the ever-supportive yet slightly concerned younger-brother-slash-therapist... that'd be some serious "I'm reporting both of you to the authorities for suspicious behavior" shit. But Dean doesn't trust himself to be alone right now. After a while, he speaks.
Once John's decided that enough's enough, it's over. He's reaching over blindly to his bedside table (littered with garbage and bottles and rolling paper) and his hand finds the lamp. He smiles through bloody teeth and Dean gets one more swing in before he smashes the lamp base into the side of his son's head.
"You made it so easy for me, Dean. You're always off trying to get in some girl's pants, as if anybody would ever want anything as
Cas watches him open the container and begins to salivate. It looks like it's actually from somewhere arguably nice. Chicken and mashed potatoes and vegetables. Cas thinks
"Let's cut to the chase, shall we? I have all the power here. You and I both know you stand no chance against me if it comes down to a fight. You're not getting out of here. Do you hear me? You are not getting out of here."
Cas is crying by now, almost-silent sobs causing him to tremble as his terrified eyes follow Dean's every move. The scent of his blood fills the air as it dissolves with the warm water, and it makes it even harder to breathe. By the time Dean finishes, he's on his knees in front of the boy. He throws the washcloth down, looking far too cheery than what the situation calls for.
It's dark out. Cas doesn't want to pry, so he refuses to turn around in his seat and watch Dean flat-out. It's none of his business anyway, so he just looks in the mirrors and glimpses Dean's form in the darkness every once in a while. Subtle.
The man in the car smiles back, and it looks a little bit sad. "Are you sure? It's real late, kid. You got a place to sleep?"
He finishes his drink and sets it down on the desk next to him, taking the opportunity of a free hand to smooth down Cas's hair.
Cas whips around, fear gripping his heart. He presses his bare back to the cold metal of the door behind him, eyes so wide it hurts as he scans the dark entry hall beneath the railing. Dean's here, he has to be. That laugh was too real.
In a flash, Dean reaches out and snatches Castiel's wrists up in his hands. Cas immediately starts trying to pull away, digging his heels into the floor.
Finally. He's given up. Decided Cas isn't worth the fight. He starts out of the car, leading with his torso, and that's when Dean slams the door back in his face. He slouches back, pain exploding everywhere, everywhere. He thinks of Gabriel, and everything goes dark.
A pair of jeans is thrown to the side, landing a few feet away from two small sneakers. There's crying now. Is it coming from him or from Dean's... victim? He can't tell. Cas hears Dean say "shut up" and whispers back "sorry".
"Yeah, better then ever! God, you gotta show me what other things that mouth can do to me!" Dean pulled Cas over to him, so Cas was on his right side. "you gonna do something about your problem Cas?" Dean wiggled against Cas, who groaned. "I'll do it later, when you have rested since I'm older I have slightly better control." Cas laughed when Dean elbowed his side. "Come on Dean, lets get you to bed."
Deans eyes widened, his mouth started watering at the scent his hole clenched around nothing. "Cas, Alpha?" Dean saw his friend staring at him. "I-I must go." Dean tried to grab hold of the angels wrist, but he only grabbed air. His angel disappeared.
The outside world didn’t bother the two. Only when Dean was getting his knives twisted if someone stares a little too long at him, as he was growing up under the watchful eyes of his Killer they were dragged back.
Dean woke up with a small problem in his pants, he ignored it while he showered, getting dressed in his casual clothes before heading out the door.
"Dean, come on man, you're starting to worry me!" Jensen stood at the end of the bed looking at Dean who was laying back. His shirt had lifted a bit revealing a tiny bit of tanned skin.
“Put some clothes on Dean, it’s not bedtime yet.” Castiel looked over at Dean who was about to get into the bed, he pouted at Castiel but did as he was told.
“Forever Cas, now go the fuck to sleep,” Dean mutters grumpily throwing his arm and a leg over the body of the Alpha, letting both drift off to sleep.
"Oh suck it up big boy," you wiggle you hips getting comfortable as he gave you an icy glare. "So whatcha researching now?" You politely ask the youngest Winchester. "The Wendigo, its still taking people." Humming around Deans food since he gave up with trying to stop you from eating it, "but we gonna kill it right?" You got a snort from Sam who nodded while mumbling about more food.
Arrow woke up surprisingly warm but in pain, hissing at the pain as he sat up looking whatever was currently keeping him warm, Deans jacket was wrapped around him. "Dean?" Arrow rubbed his eyes as he groaned the older man's name seeing him sat at the table without Sam.
"Why, the sudden 'hang out now?'" Misha asked after they walked slowly to a small lake in the park, "erm, I just needed to do something, theres only so much you can do at the place." Jensen rested his arms on the cold fence separating them from the lake. "Oh, just needed a break from ya parents, I get it." Misha copied Jensens movements.
"Am I allowed friends?" Jensen asked while him, Sam, Dean and Cas were all sat down with a movie on.
"Well... You're staying now until Lucifer and I are done. Got that?" Castiel saw Dean nod slowly, before grabbing his hair yanking his head back. "What was that?"
Castiel ground down into Dean who gasped, grinding up to meet Castiel. "Such a good boy Dean," Cas mouthed at Deans' neck gently nipping groaning at the boy's hands on him.
Waking up with the sun shining through the windows, Cas reluctantly got up checking his laptop for emails, phone for texts he had got three texts from his brother.
Chase was surprised he actually got some sleep, rubbing his head on what he thought was the pillow until it groaned. His eyes shot open sitting up looking down at Dean who was staring at him. "Oh, forgot we shared." Chase said simply with Dean rolling his eyes, "good morning to you too."
"So kid, what's your story huh?" Dean asked him while passing Chase a drink while they talked, with Sam listening in as well. "Nothing much to tell really, just a guy that tried having a "normal life", and I somehow still get dragged into this shit." Chase didn't miss the way the "Oh I'm sorry look" they gave him.
Cas only shook his head as the beginning of the movie started, with Dean shaking his head while smiling.
"Dean? Dean!" Cas picked his car keys out his pocket before heading out, to place him in the backseat. "C-Cas...." Cas looked up but noticed that Deans mouth was parted but his eyes were still closed. "Casss fuck..." Sam had now joined them looking at Cas and Dean suspiciously. "Well looks like Dean got hit by a spell.."
"Help me," Dean was close to tears as Cas wrapped his arms around Dean freeing him from the bed covers.
Sam, Castiel and Dean are on the road once again. Having a call from Bobby telling them where to go and what was happening. It was a place Dean hoped he would never see again.
PART ONE. PART TWO WILL COME OUT LATER!! the wall sex will show up I promise! I just have to find a way to place it in to the plot.
"What the fuck?!" Dean turned the music off, as they all stared at him "oh hey brother!" Wait why was his younger brother dancing on his bed naked? "Sammy what the actual fuck are you doing naked? On MY bed?" Sam shrugged as he jumped off the bed. "who is that?" Dean stared at the dirty golden blond haired boy sucking a lollipop "I'm Gabriel but you may call me Gabe!" he hugs Dean as he pushes him away "Ok, you can hug when you have clothes on!" they laugh at him as Dean sat on his bed, they all had put their clothes on again so no more seeing his brothers dick flapping about.
"Angels are watching over you Dean." Sam whispered to his sleeping brother before heading off to go sleep himself.
“A-Are you th-the killers? The Angel guy, that’s wanted?” You asked just as two fingers entered your somehow wet entrance. “Hmm, you pay attention to that? Aww Daddy she knows about you,” your eyes widen at the words, before flicking between the two men. “Got a problem with that sweetie?” You silently shook your head trying to ignore the feeling of the fingers going deeper inside you.
Looking down Dean saw Cas' slit opened revealing his thick, alpha cock, a knot had started to form at the base making Dean shudder in the water. "You ready Dean?" Cas looked at Dean who stared at Cas' blue eyes before nodding. "Yes, Cas.. please use me.." Cas moaned as he shifted forward his cock slotting right into Dean, making Dean open his mouth for a silent cry.
Sam/Lucifer will show the same with Sam/Gabriel. You have to be patient for that part, as Sam is younger and Castiel actually needs to meet up with his brothers and tell him about the younger lad. Okay?
Dean didn’t even jump at the feeling of Castiel behind him or make a sound at the intrusion around his lower half. Dean allowed himself to relax using Castiel’s to hold him up, small pants and whines were leaving his mouth the last thing on his mind was the knife being so close to his skin, he could feel the coolness of the blade against him it did cause him to shudder but he couldn’t find it in him to care. A high pitched moan was released from him when his prostate and Castiel’s hand found its way around his neck, Dean’s eyes widened moving his head slightly to look at Castiel all he saw was the man’s head back and what could only be described as pleasurable expression planted on his face.
"Still stressing over the killers, huh?" Dean jumped when he heard Johns voice "wait, there's more than one?" Dean squeaked out. "Nah, don't worry Dean, no killers are gonna be after you anytime soon, or Sam. Got that?" John patted Dean on the shoulder before telling him to finish his homework and go to bed. Which Dean did, but he only had nightmares of being taken away and ripped apart by some psycho.
“Why am I not dead?” You ask after you cleaned yourself and now sitting on the edge of the counter in the bathroom while Dean works on your many stab wounds and injuries just as he opened his mouth the bathroom door opens showing the other guy covered in blood. it’s not your blood, and very naked. “Dammit Angel you went and killed another?” You only hear a grunt from the angel and a sigh from Dean, “you are not dead, because I want to have my fun, then you’ll die.” Dean quickly answered your question seeming to get frustrated with something but you weren’t going to question that.
"How we gonna get this guy?" Dean muttered to his brother who shrugged, Castiel rolled his eyes covered half his face, he got off his horse strolling towards the man Dean and Sam were starting to protest getting off their horses, but Castiel blocked them out.
"Did you tell him?" Dean sat up as Arrow to roll on his back "no, he figured it out and he asked if he could join in..." Cas and Dean looked at each other before smiling. "Alright, but first let's have a bit of fun with you." Castiel moved over to the bed their clothes already off, taking Arrow by surprise "whoa.. forgot you can do that..."
"Lets just finish this then we'll talk!" Dean turned around to walk back to the room only to be stopped by the little boy, "you got anywhere you can go? Father? Uncle?" the boy just shook his head at everything Dean was listing. "Okay, guess you'll be sticking with us then." That time Dean saw the boy give a nod.
Dean had another few shoots to be apart in but they luckily didn't last long, not that he couldn't last long he was just thinking about getting his ass pounded by a huge dick.
“We’ll save each other Dean,” Castiel pulled Deans head away from his shoulder carefully, kissing the remaining tears, “but… I really need breakfast and maybe… a really early lunch.” Castiel growled watching the omegas eyes widen and darken.
Dean was relaxing on the sofa, the other two Demons he shared with Abaddon and Cain. "Dean! Get up and get out there." Dean stomped his way over to the door storming out. "Get the fuck away from here!" Dean stood just by the fence glaring at the two unwanted Demon at their door. "Ooh make us Winchester." Azazel sneered.
"Well I'm about to be killed by the son of Dean Winchester." Connor almost dropped the knife and pass out at the words, but instead, he threw up over the demon. Sam rushed to him taking the blade from him as the demon laughed. "You okay!?" Sam pulled him back setting him gently on the floor. "Why did he say that?" Connor looked up at Sam who looked towards the other two, Dean didn't say anything but go for the demon mumbling to himself. Cas only looked anywhere but them. "Tell you later ok?"
"Cas... We've talked about this, we leave him outta this part." Dean muttered to the angel who was once again shamelessly checking Arrow out.
Jo didn't seem that bothered that Cas was his teacher, but she did tell him to be careful and that she would like to meet him one day. "Thanks Jo... for umm.. not being weird." Jo nods. "wanna help me with the shop to get your mind off your poor excuse of a dad? We could talk more about Cas!"
Arrow skipped past Dean to disappear towards where Dean showed him where the shows were, completely forgetting to stop off at his room for clean clothes and a towel.
"Dean, you can't keep pissing every time Sam or a friend texts to see you, just talk to me id you're that stressed out.. Hell we don't even have to talk my arms are always open for you," Cas could see the way Dean lowered his shoulders in defeat. "I know, just like my legs are always open for you?" Dean smiled, which made his Daddy smile.
"You promise, we'll see each other again? I really don't want to wait another eight years just to talk again.." Dean had stop humping and moaning on Cas' back, his voice sounded sad. "Yes, Dean I promise. You can just sneak out when your heat is over?" Dean nods on Cas' shoulder just as Cas arrived at Deans Cave, slowly moving inside Cas saw his dad. "Mr Winchester? I fou-" Cas was cut off by yelling and Dean being yanked off his back "Cas!! Get out, give me Dean!" Deans father shoved Cas out the cave while Dean lowered his head. "Dad, I like Cas.." Dean whispered just as John swam back hitting Cas with his tail.
"Well how will you get better if you don't practice, its what you do for the football team isn't it? Keep going over the same things until you've got it right?" Castiel saw the boys' shoulders drop, and pick up a pen, sitting back letting him work but helping when he was needed.
Castiel and Dean were both hiding away from the rest of the world, which confused everyone. There were still Lucifer and Gabriel running away from cops, but Dean and Castiel managed to get off their radar.
Dean gripped the bed sheets when he felt his Castiel's tongue making contact with his ass. A warm feeling went through Dean as a pleased hum came from Castiel, knowing it was him that was making his Daddy make those noises. "Daddy, hurry up!" Dean whined but squealed as a hand made contact with his ass. "Impatient tonight are we?" Castiel smirked at the pout Dean made while wiggling his hips.
It was an full hour until Castiel took Dean home. Dean was bouncing up and down in the passenger seat of Cas' car while looking out the window, watching all the trees and buildings pass, until Castiel pulled up to a mansion. Dean was stuck inside the car mouth open staring at the house in front of him.
"God, Dean... Best fucking sex ever!" Jensen exclaimed after they caught their breaths Dean laughed against Jensens chest.
“Dean… stop I need to eat.” Castiel grunted as he soon had a Dean Winchester in his lap. “Dean, breakfast!” Castiel growled, not wanting to push the omega away but gave him a small nudge, it got Deans attention either way.
"Well, what did you do." A girl turned to Arrow who was in the detention room with him. "Called the principle of the school a heartless bitch, as well as telling some people something I shouldn't." Arrow saw the girl smile wide, before laughing. "Wow! That's a good one. And what was the thing?"
Dean and Sam in their room were not getting along, Dean arguing about how he never wanted to do another Case in this town/state/place again. Sam on the other hand kept telling Dean to suck it up and get over it. Which ended up with Dean slamming their motel room door. Dean breathed out heavily as he walked towards the direction Baby, but he turned towards the way that Castiel's room was in. Stopping as he reached the door, Dean hesitated at first, but once his fist connected with the door, the feeling left him.
"Winchester, my mom wanted me to keep it for some reason as it remembered her of someone, but I guess it was you, right?" Connor looked towards Dean who had moved so he was crouched in front of him.
Arrow sighed it had been a week since he called the mans number, nothing happened apart from another person died at the school.
But when You finally decide to give up and your feelings for Dean, You go after some stranger for the night, Dean suddenly decides to step up.
"Good morning Sam, did you sleep well?" Gabriel asked while Sam sat up rubbing his eyes. "Yes, Gabriel and thank you for staying with me last night." Sam felt awkward confessing that Gabriel's presence in bed with him felt right.
"I don't know, but just keep control. Ok?" Dean pulled away helping Jensen stand up straight as he as well as helping him walk to his bedroom seeing how tired he had gotten.
Dean and Shay were silent while walking the abandoned hallways. "Sooo... what did this ghost look like?" Dean asked while stepping over a chair that could've been easily been walked around. "A girl." Shay put bluntly making Dean turn around. "Helpful, real helpful!" Dean saw Shay shrug. "There's two, seems the man does the kidnapping and the girl does the murdering." Shay gave Dean more helpful information.
"Would you just sleep, it's not that big of a deal." Dean whispered. "Not a big deal, I'm in bed with a dude that I don't know! Unless you're used to sleeping with strangers?" Chase groaned when he realised the way he phrased it, making Dean give a small chuckle. "Seems to me that someone hasn't had one night stands before."
Dean watched over Arrow from the table, watching his sleeping form on the bed. "Why does he have to be curious, I swear no kid chooses this," Dean mumbles over the top of his beer bottle to Sam. "Well, his decision Dean. He's in it now." Sam sighed.
"Y-Yeah... Ok." Jesse put his hands in his lap and looked down, his face and body heat up as he had never submitted to an Alpha before but eyes going wide as he got a better smell of the Alphas scent. "Why do you smell like that?" He'd mutter out by accident.
"Riight, so keeping an eye out for two creepy ghost, got it." Deans comment made Shay shake his head slowly. "There's a basement, if that helps." Shay bumped into Deans chest who turned and stopped quicker then Shay expected. "Show me, come on."
Dean stared at the teacher as he faced to screen that their work was on, the teacher had dark brown hair, sometimes looked black his hair was all over the place Dean thought it was hot, his eyes were a nice calming blue (most of the time.) Dean was trying to focus on his work as the teachers voice was deep, making Deans focus lost.
Sighing slowly as he poured the coffee into the mug, placing it back carefully. As well as jumping when he heard someone clearing their throat. "Well you're here a little late, aren't you?" Dean who had his hand on his chest trying to calm his breathing. "O-oh, well my dad likes to work late."
As Dean squirmed under the wandering hand gliding across his skin with the mouth kissing down from his chest to his hip bone. “Turn over but keep your hands behind you back,” Dean followed the order getting to his knees placing his hands crossing them behind his back, Castiel ended up moving him so he was fully on the floor without tucking his knees under him, the mouth was back on him making a trail from the base of his neck to his shoulders all the way down to his butt.
It was around five/six hours when Dean was allowed to go home all drugged up. Using the help of his father to walk out the damn doctors before passing out on the way home.
With that said Cas got up going back to his study, ordering a few little things for Dean, as well as himself. Dean was sat alone with his notebook, picking up a pen to begin writing another short story.
Dean heard himself gasp when the scene changed so the Omega was on his back moaning as the Alpha was busy in between his open legs, lapping away at the slick that was leaking out. The small whimpers and whines, from the Omega getting his ass eaten out, but it wasn't until the loud moan of a certain word that made Deans toes curl and his breath quicken up.
Castiel and Dean moved, they moved further away from the place they called the city under the sea. Dean wanted somewhere, that he could swim but walk. So Castiel went out to find a house that there group of merpeople claimed. It was just a mile away from the beach and water that they currently lived in, other merpeople would use the beach to have fun, no other humans were allowed on the beach.
"You won't be able to pick up my scent just yet, I'm covering it up as my family doesn't want me to give away the secret. Also my name is Castiel, and you are?" Dean looked questionably to the Alpha who sensed his behaviour backing up from Dean. "What kind of Alpha are you? Oh the names Dean by the way.." Dean took a step forward to the Alpha that received another growl from John.
Ok, moving to a new city where he can hopefully be able to work as Castiel got fired from my old job, so now he is going to be a porn star, a gay one.
They went into the elevator, skipping the that their office was on confusing Dean, but he couldn't think for long before he gasped when a wave of heat passed through his body. "We'll meet the alpha then I'll take you back home, I know I treat you like shit outside the house, and I'm sorry, but I can't raise a son that's messed up." Dean once again felt the tears develop in his eyes.
"Mmm, going to have so much fun you and I." Castiel whispered to the young boy tied on the bed adding a quick kiss on the kid's forehead, as he disappeared out of the room.
"So.. Who are you living with?" Mary asked Dean softly with a smile on her face. "His name is Castiel, and he's my.. uh... b-boyfriend.." Dean awkwardly stuttered out as he sat on the other couch in the room.
The constant why this and why that ran through he didn't hear Dean walk into the kitchen, it was only when Dean put his hand Castiel snapped out from his thoughts. "Thank you, would you like to help?" All Dean did was stand in front of Castiel, to let Castiel guide him.
A Vampire and Werewolf hybrids existed. Jensen quickly told Misha who actually agreed, finding out where this pack of Vampire/Werewolves were hiding was slightly harder, but they found a small farm house just outside the town. Jensen collecting the right gear from the trunk of his car, Misha was surprisingly calm for a first timer. "You sure Mish?" Jensen took hold of Mishas hand giving him a squeeze before they went to scout the house.
name came up every time, you want to let your anger out Dean, you wanted this.” Castiel's blue eyes, locked onto Deans green eyes which they were filled with unshed tears. “I-I’ll do it… I’ll make h-him p-p-pay.” Dean manages out turning his attention to the man on the table, whose eyes had just opened looking directly at him.
His father was on the phone when Dean walked in, setting the papers down carefully. It was only a few minutes when John put the phone down, glaring at Dean.
"You can just tell, usually if it was cut whatever creature this was would want a quick and easy death, but these don't look like a quick and easy death, this creature wanted them to feel pain so it gave them a slow and painful death. One even has marks around the neck." Shay pointed out, while Castiel agreeing with him while Dean only stared at the three. "Well thank fuck you came along with me!" Dean slapped a hand to Shays back making him jump and growl. "Sorry! Didn't mean to hurt you." Dean apologised quickly.
Castiel didn’t understand what happened at the store when he was there, all he remembered was the most perfect Omega he had ever seen and heard. Castiel didn’t even care that he had thrown up for three hours after that day.
Jensen got himself under the bed covers himself, slowly dragging down Misha's own boxers off, pressing himself to Mishas back slotting his dick between Misha's thighs, while a hand went back around Misha's dick, Jensen bit his own lip hoping no noise would leave him.
"mhmm, you ever had sex with a guy?" Misha smiles "maybe, why you ask?" Dean shook his head "j-just wondering, because you seem like the type of person who would at least try it." Misha didn't reply as they reached Jensen's trailer. Misha just opened the door, pulling Dean with him. "Jensen! Time to get that head out your ass!" Misha pushed Dean so he was sitting on the couch when Jensen appeared. "What? Mish, really why'd ya bring him?" Dean rolled his eyes setting himself further into the couch, spreading his legs as well as noticing the way Jensen was looking at him while he moved. "Like what ya see Jensen?"
Dean dragged them up his legs, they fit nicely on him looking up he saw his Daddy looking at him like prey. "Do I look good?" Dean innocently asked, getting a silent nod from Castiel. "Look good enough to eat." Castiel smiled at Dean, he finally got the boy of his dreams, and nightmares.
Walking back to the room, Dean kept getting distracted by every little thing they walked past, Sam just thought that it was the puppy side showing through. Sam needed to figure out breed his brother was. Cas was just a kitten he didn't need to know what cat Cas was.
Sighing as Dean got several drinks from the kitchen, strolling back to his room. His laptop was waiting on the bed on the same pornsite he left it on, but Dean was feeling curious tonight.
Dean's face was peppered with growing bruises and several nasty deep cuts. The young man's clothes were torn and blood was seeping though, slowly spreading. Cas in comparison is unscathed, his angelic strength having given him the advantage.
Dean was going to offer to help but wouldn't he be pushing it? "I could help you, only if you want me to," Dean saw Cas smile at him "well I wouldn't mind but do you have a place you should be?"
"Well we are angels. Your angels to be exact, we used to be best friends didn't we not?" Castiel asked the question towards Dean more then Sam. "Well, yeah. But you died Cas, I watched you die." Dean heart was breaking seeing that his old best friend was in front of him, but as an angel.
Finding no one Dean remembering the rules and seeing what happened yesterday Dean didn't think about running. Making his own breakfast, sitting down on a stool in the kitchen as he sat eating peacefully, that quickly ended.
“How long have you’ve been watching?” Castiel spoke calmly which raised an eye from the youngest Winchester but he was still wary with his answer. “I-I just wanted to know what the noise was, I didn’t mean to watch.”
Emotions repressed by Naomi's training were now all screaming for his attention. Castiel, the great angel of the lord was now sobbing into Dean's still warm shoulder.
"Arrow? What are you doing?" The Principal had walked around the corner as Arrow was sat against his locker reading, "I'm reading...? My ride isn't here yet so I gotta wait here." Arrow smiled up at her but she crossed her arms shaking her head, she was acting differently... "Well at least wait in my office until they arrive."
Dean Winchester the oldest child of John and Mary Winchester both his parents loved him until the age of 4 then his brother Sam came along as well as the death of their mother. It changed their father's behaviour towards both boys, mostly towards Dean.
Breathy moans were becoming to fall out from Deans mouth, opening his legs impossibly wider in his position as Castiel chased his own pleasure with Deans body. While Deans dick was being neglected between a sheet and his own body. Feeling happy when Castiel came inside Dean and pulled away, he flipping himself over hoping Castiel would touch him but was a little disappointed when Cas walked off toward the bathroom.
"I was with Chris, we had football practice, so yeah..." Jensen watched as all three sets of eyes widened "wait, you're on the football team?" Jensen quickly nodded as Dean relaxed. "But apparently now I gotta watch what I eat, coach seemed pissed when I told him what food I've been eating," Jensen rocked on his feet as he handed his bag over to Sam, who got the piece of paper Jensen's coach gave him. "You are really not going to enjoy this." Sam laughed as he gave the paper to Dean and Cas to look over.
Jesse pushed the Alpha off him silently taking off his clothes hoping Dean would get the hint, which he did since he stood up almost ripping off his clothes before literally jumping back on the bed laying back wrapping a hand around himself. As Jesse crawled beside the Alpha biting his lip keeping eye contact as only to break it to stare at the Alpha cock, making him drool.
"Daddy, can we something tomorrow? I've been good haven't I?" Dean whispered in the dark room. "Sure, I'll figure out for something to do. Get some sleep, my good little boy." Castiel could tell Dean was smiling, making himself smile but it left when he thought that he was just a killer in Deans mind. "You're thinking too loud." Dean was looking up at Castiel his emerald green eyes looking into dark blue eyes. "Sorry, now you must get some sleep, Dean."
"Soon, just need a few more hours. How about you fall asleep. I'll watch over you." Cas felt Dean nod and yawn against his neck.
Deans baby bump was still small but people noticed, congratulating him and Castiel whenever they both went out for a swim together with Jimmy. They would show Jimmy all the little places that they went to when they were younger.
But at least he had a job, well he just goes along with his father and helps him out, sometimes he's sorting out his paperwork, sometimes its getting coffee or whatever he sent Dean off to do.
"They're alright, why do you ask?" Arrow heard a quiet hum from Scarlet before the turned a corner walking right into the two men. "Every damn time!" Arrow exclaimed.
Dean kept his promise about being gentle as Shay hands went straight for his hair as Dean took the angels leaking cock into his mouth. "Dean.. hurry up!" Shay whined to the Winchester who was moaning around his cock, with an eye roll Dean popped of before placing Shays legs up against his chest to see the full view of the hole he would be wrecking.
“Dean, you’ve been on edge all day and week, what’s up?” Bobby sat on the chair in front of the desk, gesturing for Dean to sit down in the other which he didn’t he sat on the desk.
Dean, Misha and Sam were all tied to posts where Jensen was tied to a chair in the middle. Jensen woke up to a smiling woman standing in front of him.
Dean woke up with movement by his tummy, blinking his eyes open seeing that he still hadn't changed at all, but noticing the little black fur cuddled into his left side. Using his nose he nudged the little black kitten only to be swatted away by a little white paw. Dean kept nudging Cas who eventually woke up glaring at Dean with icy blue eyes.
"My little shit Dean Fucking Winchester." Castiel smirked right back, but was removed with a moan as Dean finally picked up the pace.
"Why you...? I don't get it, I have never told anyone about this before, so why am I telling you?" Dean shifted his feet as Cas' ocean blue eyes looked into his forest green, it took a minute for Cas to answer Dean "Maybe, because I understand you? or maybe you just somehow trust me? I honestly don't know but I'm glad it's me." Cas gave Dean a small smile as Dean felt like he would break there and then, "I want to tell you something else but I don't think I'm ready yet, but when I am will you be there?"
"To who?" Castiel placed the blade lightly under the guys chin. "A man called Azazel, he been taking the money." Castiel recognised the name, but he still wasn't done. "You said half the money, where's the other half?"
Castiel didn't mind losing an argument, he could lose an argument but he couldn't lose Dean. Jimmy would cuddle up with both of them if they got into a heated argument.
"Jen, get your ass back in the damn car. I'm freezing." Misha smirked, walking away with Jensen rushing to catch up. Once at the car Jensen grabbed Misha by the waist pinning him to the side of the car. "Mish," Jensen whispered out the name, Misha nodding silently.
“You didn’t think to tell me that the girl was the daughter of a police officer!?” Castiel got up in Deans personal space trapping him in the corner. “I-I forgot, I swear!” Castiel roughly forces the boy to look at him before pinning him to the wall with a gasp and a soft thud. “Well, next time, don’t even think about going for the children of the police.” Castiel waited for an answer from the other who was making the eye contact Castiel wanted.
Castiel didn't say anything but his hand disappeared under the covers getting a gentle grip on Deans covered dick. "Da..ahh!" Dean closed his eyes when there was more pressure on his dick. "keep your eyes open, baby boy." Castiel whispered to the whimpering mess. Dean obviously followed the order looking directly at Castiel. "Good boy, now will you scream for me?" Castiel smirked, as Dean nodded.
Deans whole world lit up when he was told by his mother and father that he was gonna be an older brother, he was also a little disappointed that he wasn't the only child so when they told him he didn't know whether to laugh or cry, but he was happy either way... Until his little brother was born and they announced him as Sam Winchester, Dean would spend more time with the servants and Ellen as his parents looked after Sam when they knew he could walk and talk.
"Yes, but they'll make me very happy if you'd put them on for me, you would like to please me right Dean?" Castiel asked at his boy holding the panties while pulling a face. "Should I get changed in front of you then?" Castiel only hummed as he sat back on the bed watching Dean fumble around with his clothes.
His mother was off talking to some of the nicer people and he was stuck with the young and annoying Alphas that can't seem to understand how personal space works, he had to growl at a few making himself look bigger which made them scurry off to their parents. There were a few decent Alphas that Jesse knew, so now he was off sneaking to a bar with them.
"Good now lets go," Dean launched himself out the car, as Castiel and Shay got out like normal human beings. "Is he always this energetic?" Shay whispered to Castiel as they walked. "Depends, he's like this when he hasn't done it in a while." Castiel whispered back just before they reached Dean holding the door open.
He replied quickly telling him he was fine and the apartment was exactly how he wanted. Stretching out his legs, walking towards the kitchen making himself some toast.
"Go set the table then, Dean." Castiel gave a small kiss on Deans' cheek gently before he disappeared out of the kitchen, to set the dinner table.
Drumming on the wheel of his car that his dad gave him before he had been an Omega, Dean parked up the furthest away from other cars as possible. Whistling to himself as he grabbed a cart and walked in.
“ah, ah, ah, be good,” Castiel growled, yanking the underwear down Deans legs and throwing them somewhere, doing the same to his own while he was at it. Groaning at the sight of Dean completely naked, his ass leaking slick on to the bed made the alpha drool himself, from his mouth and made his dick let out a little precum on the bed.
Castiel opened his eyes slowly, he spotted the difference straight away, looking at his paws instead of hands, squeaking as he turned seeing a giant Sam looking over him. As well as Dean that had just freaked out, and was now trying to figure out how to use his legs. Cas took his movement much slower, making sure he was steady before he walked towards the much larger Sam.
Castiel slotted both there dicks together making Dean hold on top his arm. "Daddy... Please." Dean didn't know what he was pleading for as he looked into the deep blue eyes that belonged to this messed up man, but Dean was beginning to trust him. "I've got you baby boy just hold on to me."
Cas luckily for Dean didn't waste much time, slicking himself up and into Dean, it was painful at first for Dean, Cas had to stop moving while Dean tried to get used to the feeling.
"Why are you so good at that!?" Dean panted as he flopped to lie down on the bed next Castiel who smirked. "Well I am your first, and I know what parts to hit." They both chuckled but Deans smile quickly fell. "Will my brother be ok?" Dean now turned to rest his head on Castiel's chest "with Gabriel yes, but Lucifer I'm not so sure he will alright."
"So you owe Crowley money, where is it?" Sam began questioning removing Castiels hand pinning the guy himself to the side of a rock. "Crowley sent you!? Shit, I don't have any money." Sam glared, asking him more questions not getting anything else from him.
Dean was having a normal day, just walking out of his apartment which was set on the top floor. He had a full view of the city which he adored, especially when he used to live in a shitty apartment that used to give off this smell that something or someone had died.
"So they don't come back as ghosts and kill us." Dean put simply as he walked past letting the body burn. "Um, Dean.. your not... never mind." Connor looked towards the fire, Sam looked between the two as he walked off to give them space. "What's your last name?"
Once Dean reached the motel room with Jensen, he carried him into the room where Cas was. "What happened?" Cas was next to the bed in less than a second, while Dean told him what happened.
Dean scoffed he couldn’t find the emotion that made him care about his father at this moment. He did look to Castiel who placed a hand on his face leaning down to kiss him gently causing Dean to let out a sigh when he pulled away, turning back to his father seeing a look of disgust. “What the fuck have you done!?”
"Did we interrupt something?" Dean laughed but stopped when a hand landed on his shoulder. "Behave Dean." Castiel pulled Dean on the couch forcing Dean to sit in his lap. "C-Cas? Not in front of Sammy, please?" Dean whined as Castiel ignored him as his hand reached the button of his pants.
Dean still doesn't say anything, but there's something in his eyes that looks like a dangerous mixture of anger and amusement. Cas stands up, egged on by Dean's refusal to react. He picks up the card and shoves it against the man's chest, hard enough to make him sway back a bit.
He's not a partier. He's really not. But he's smart enough to know that if you want to keep your social status, and your friend's respect, and your spot in the high school hierarchy, you don't say "no" when invited to a house party. You just don't. So he let Charlie and Meg drag him along, even though he despises the taste of teenage sweat in the air and the feeling of too-loud music reverberating in his chest. Even though the crowded rooms and the never-ending drunk chatter stress him out. Even though he'd told his brothers it was just a quiet night at Charlie's, and that he had a reliable ride home, and that he'd be back at midnight, yes, I promise, Charlie's waiting outside so I have to go now, goodbye, I love you.
Castiel cringes. He'd forgotten about his little trip through Dean's laundry, and he's unsure how the man will react. He bites his lip, looking off to the side.
He's fucking her like he loves her but really he's thinking about the kid he's got chained up in his basement. All wide blue eyes and a delicious mix of bite, bark, and whimper all in one little body. Dean likes the bite, don't get him wrong, because it gives him an excuse to exercise his control over the kid. Gives him an excuse to curl his hands into fists and watch a grimacing face flinch away. And he can't fucking wait to break that boy's fiery spirit, can't wait for the moment where he watches the fight go out of his glassy angel eyes. But he likes the submissive part, too. The head ducked, lips trembling, choked-back-whimpers part. It gets Dean high, gets him fucking horny if he's being completely honest, and sometimes it takes more self control than he'd care to admit to keep himself from pinning the boy down and sticking his dick in him while he's all wet-eyed and apologetic and weak.
He's carrying a duffel bag in the hand closest to Cas, which he drops in the doorway. Without stopping, without even faltering, he keeps walking toward the boy laying on the floor, flicks open a pocket knife with the other hand, and stabs him twice in the abdomen.
One of his sneakers falls off. Cas watches it recede, sitting motionless on the road as he's falling, falling, falling back.
Cas flinches when the wound is touched, and soon after his face twists up like he's suddenly become acutely aware of a strange sound, like skin on wet skin.
He feels a stinging in his eyes which must mean he's crying, but he lifts his hips anyway and pushes his underwear down his thighs, exposing himself for the taking. Dean pulls them off the rest of the way and they're discard on the floor. Cas curls into himself, knees to chest. He closes his eyes tightly at the sound of a belt buckle being worked undone and tries to gain control of his breathing, although it's difficult for a multitude of reasons.
That terrible, terrible feeling when you're trying to hold back tears. Cas swallows. Takes a few breaths, has to calm down.
Cas wants to scream no, it isn't okay, nothing about this is okay, you kidnapped me and broke my nose and tied me up in your basement and I'm pretty sure I watched you put a dead body in a ditch. Instead he says, "okay".
"You need to rethink your priorities, Castiel. Treat me less like someone to be messed with and more like someone to be feared."
"So... if you're listening, we're begging you not to hurt him. Let him go. He... he has a family. And we love him. We just want him back."
Cas doesn't really know what to think of all of it. Obviously he's grateful, and appreciative, and he doesn't want to jeopardize everything that's been given him. He thinks he's getting privileges for good behaviour, which Dean never explicitly states but is nice nonetheless. Still, there's a part of Cas's brain reminding him that underwear and blankets are considered by some to be basic necessities, not luxuries.
God, he misses them. The weird texts he used to send to Gabe. Homework help from Michael, who was patient and always taught a little bit more than he needed to. Luci, who he never got along with the best, but who always had the best interest of the family in mind and did what he had to to keep them afloat. He misses the quiet nights, the four of them each doing their own thing but being comfortable in each other's company. He misses begging Lucifer for a dog and labeling his food in the fridge lest Gabe eat it all and stealing shirts from Michael's drawer when his were all dirty. Fighting for the hot water in the mornings, going out for drives in the middle of the night just to show each other the good music they'd discovered recently. He'd kill for the chance to have one more night with them. One more night to tell them goodbye, and he loves them, and he's sorry.
Dean nods, seems to be mulling over the tragedies in his mind. He looks a little dazed, like he's lost in his own thoughts; revelling in the idea that the little boy in front of him is broken and grief-stricken and feeling guilty. After a while he seems to come back to reality, Cas hears him clear his throat.
Dean's zipper is undone now and Cas has pushed the denim back a bit, getting it out of the way. He watches the boy hesitate for a second, and then he reaches a wobbly hand up and puts it on the growing bulge in his boxers. Dean tilts his head, keeping still to let Cas do his own thing. He doesn't want to push, now, does he? It's all about pacing.
When Cas finally works up the courage to raise the small stone weight, ready to smash it through the window in pursuit of freedom, Dean can't help but chuckle at the sheer
"Such a good boy, Cas," he praises, and he hears a stifled sob coming from down by his feet, directed into the ground. The kid won't look at Dean.
There's a long moment of complete silence, neither of them moving. It's Cas's move, Dean has nothing more to say, but the kid's not doing anything. He's just sitting there, head drooping a little bit, as if that will help cover him up or hide his shame. Dean can wait all night, he has nothing to do. It's Cas who needs to pick up the pace, if he wants to get back his clothing. Get back to his bed.
Cas sighs in relief. He lets his head hang, running two hands down his face as the panic settles. Then he smells the blood underneath his fingernails. His stomach tightens, and in his head he kicks himself because this is yet another thing to apologize for. Dean’s probably so disappointed.
Dean thinks maybe Cas is forfeiting, but really he just grabs a paperweight off one of the tables and trudges right back up.
Cas gasps for air, wincing as he realizes that one of his arms is trapped underneath him. His chin stings; he smacked it on the ground when Dean tackled him. Pain radiates up his jaw from the impact. He’s trying to speak, but his seizing lungs won’t allow it. All that comes out are strained, reedy gasping noises.
Jesus, drugs aren't shit for Dean compared to the high this feeling gives him. He thrives on power. If he's not in the position to degrade someone else, he's not
Dean isn't of this fucking earth. He'll get away with it. Nobody will ever, ever catch him. Nobody will ever, ever rescue Cas.
In a way, he's not surprised. He's horrified, don't get him wrong. Paralyzed with fear, a cold lighting strike tearing its way through his spine and making him freeze. But he's not surprised.
Dean chuckles. "Well, I figured if you had some motivation to take my word as law, give yourself to me mentally, it'd make the job a little easier. So I thought that I might swap these pills out for ones more... damaging. Put them right back where I found them, wait for good old Gabe to take them and then spit out his own insides. I won't have to, of course, if you get rid of your unwillingness, all the fucking defiance, the pushback... then he'll live a long natural life and we'll all be happy."
He wants not to be defied; not to be lied to. But what happens when the truth isn’t an acceptable answer, either?
The boy is shaking by now, small tremors running through his body. Still, he manages to work up the courage to try his hand at one stupid act of defiance.
He doesn't have time to cry out as something large and heavy barrels into him from behind and the air is knocked forcefully out of his lungs.
As always, there’s a slight ache in Castiel’s body. His throat burns, his scars itch, the fingers on his right hand are still twisted. He lays in near silence, listening to the highway rush by through the floor of the car. Listening to the Winchester brothers speak low in the front seat. Wondering where he's going, and why, and how long it’s going to take to get there. Distantly, Cas remembers that statistically, a kidnapping is easiest to escape when you’re in a car. Going from point A to point B. There are stop lights and gas stations and other cars on the road, and no way Dean would shoot him in a crowd full of people.
More blood, he thinks, more blood. He knows what it feels like now. Pooling on his chest, warm and weird and sticky and dripping down his ribcage, dripping onto the floor and he has to lie in it, Dean makes him fucking lie in it while he cuts him and then tells him to clean it up, makes him clean it up, Cas is going to kill that man--
Castiel's eyes are so tired. So tired and distant and when he finally tears his gaze up to meet Dean's, he even looks a little angry. Dean can see him actively struggling to maintain eye contact and not look... anywhere else. He laughs a little, licks his lips, his hips bucking a bit from where he's sitting on top of Cas.
"Well, most of them, at least. Some of them I let go, and some of them I had to take care of. Do you know what I mean by that?"
“It’s never gonna end,” he whispers, so quiet that even Sam doesn’t hear him. “It’s never gonna end, it’s never gonna end, it’s never gonna... Gonna...”
Dollar store eyeshadow smeared on his pillow when he gets back to his room after seeing her off. He takes the case off and thinks about how nice the outlines of a suffocating face would look underneath it.
Dean picks Cas up easy, takes him back to his mattress and sets him down and presses a kiss to his forehead. Cas doesn't have it in him to cry anymore, so he just stares into the dark and finds that blank screen so he doesn't have to feel.
He closes his eyes, letting the drone of the car lull him to half-sleep. Thinking of his brothers causes a twinge of pain in his heart, so he grits his teeth and thinks about the bunker instead. He imagines the highway as the winding halls of that place; imagines the hard floor of the car as the thin mattress in the basement. The wind rushing by outside is the low buzz of a dim light bulb, the darkness of the hood over his head is a pitch-black walk-in freezer. The scent of Dean’s jacket under him reminds him of laying his head on the man’s chest, a quiet moment in Dean’s bed where he’s being held, not hurt, and the thought brings him the most peace he’s felt in days.
He starts to reach for Dean, grabbing at his jacket collar, pulling himself closer to the front seat. Practically clambering over it. He’s desperate to prove himself. Prove that he wasn’t trying to escape. Prove that Dean doesn’t have to shoot him again.
It's terribly boring, and Cas is miserable. It doesn't take long for the cold to become virtually unbearable-- he's completely exposed, nothing to protect him from the bite of it. A few minutes pass and Cas is
Dean doesn't say anything. He looks down at the glass tumbler in his hand, ice long since melted, and taps his fingers against it so that he doesn't have to think about anything else. He hears a long-suffering sigh come from across the table and briefly considers telling his brother to stop being such a drama queen, but silence seems better.
It's already the same story with the sounds of a boy his own age being strangled to death right in front of him.
Sick. That's how he looks. Skinny and sore and droopy, sallow skin and bags under his eyes. Tiny bits of stubble. Dean says he'll get him his own razor soon.
Yeah, this is too much. It's too fucking much and Cas misses his own brothers, misses them so completely that it physically hurts inside his chest, and when Dean finally steps back into the room, Cas is sitting up and crying. Scared and confused and so fucking tired and hurting and--
Cas is still moaning, whimpering behind his hood as he grits his teeth and cradles his hand. Sam is careful not to touch the area, instead stroking Castiel’s hair through the pillowcase. The boy curls up on the seat, too shocked to cry anymore. His shoulders and hands are shaking, and he rakes in deliberate, laboured breaths. Wordlessly, Dean gets behind the wheel, slams the door shut, and shifts into drive.
Cas's breath comes heavy, he's sort of gasping as he regains it. Once he's composed he just sits there, letting his head hang. Dean chuckles.
To his credit, Sam lets Dean be the boss. He's still got the scared little thirteen-year-old in him, living in awesome fear of big-brother-Dean. His superiority. His strength.
Everything's coming up Dean. He's got a system. It works. And the best part? He doesn't have to follow it if he doesn't want to. He doesn't need a fucking reason to hurt Cas, he doesn't need to explain himself. Doesn't have to answer to fuckin' anybody. He can put off Cas's rape, draw it out as long as he fuckin' wants, make him wonder when it's gonna happen. And at the same time, he can force him to go down on him until he's clawing for air. And what's Cas gonna do? Overpower him? Talk him out of it? Come up with an ultimatum? It's unlikely.
He jerks involuntarily, wincing at the pain it causes in his wrist. He's in suspense, in distress, and he knows that nothing good is about to turn the corner. Sure enough, there are a few more heavy footfalls, and then a towering form appears in the entrance of the room. It's dark, but not dark enough so that Cas can't recognize that deceiving grin. He starts to kick back, a futile attempt to shrink himself further away. His heels slide uselessly on the floor as there's nowhere for him to go. Dean starts to laugh. His shoulders shake with it, and it turns Cas's heart to ice. He stops kicking, frozen.
Can he? He doesn't think so. It's so easy for Dean to say, but for Cas to do? That's another story. He thinks about the debilitating fear, the incessant paranoia. You can't just shut something like that off with the flip of a switch. Cas is suffering from trauma. Definitely serious, probably permanent. He can't just
Dean clicks his tongue, pitiful, runs his hands over Cas's head and they come to rest at the sides of his face. He's still holding the knife in one hand.
Cas lets his head hang back. Defeated. He won't argue, he won't cry. He knows exactly how it'll go down. Lucifer's phone will up. He'll see he's gotten a text from his youngest brother and his heart will drop. Then he'll be fucking ecstatic. Think that maybe Cas just disappeared all those nights ago because he ran away, and now he wants to come back home. He'll open the message and it'll take him a good few seconds to process what he's seeing. That's when the screaming will start, everybody in the house will come running, and they'll all have a big collective breakdown as they realize that their baby brother is alive, suffering somewhere, they failed him, he's in pain, someone's hurting him. They'll call the police.
in his personality. He's not the only one. There are others like him in the world, other terrible, horrible people. Other murderers, apologists, assailants. He could lean on that fact, justify his actions, blame them on his upbringing if he really wanted to. And he would, if he cared at all.
Usually he's bounding down the stairs and jumping into his arms and "I missed you" and all that shit, but tonight there's nothing. Dean gets the beginnings of a bad feeling in his stomach, and his mind automatically goes to the worst possible scenario. It'd be just his luck, right? But... no. It can't be that. If it was that there'd be noise and commotion and crying, and besides. John swore. He swore he'd never. Dean climbs the stairs feeling wary and the first stop he makes is Sam's room. Mere feet away from his own, for a plethora of reasons. Not that it matters, not that the kid needs his own room. Sam rarely goes a whole night without sneaking into Dean's bed anymore (which, frankly, makes it hard to have girls over). Dean looks down the hall at the door to John's bedroom, but it's shut tight and as far as he can tell, there's nothing going on behind it. They had a fight, then. It's not good by any means, but it's better than... anyway.
But Dean just lifts a hand, right hand crossed above his left shoulder, a threat that leaves a phantom sting on Castiel's cheek, and he flinches away. Drops his gaze. Is humbled.
about everything. Dean feels Sam shake his head against him, so he sighs and shuts up and holds his brother.
Dean is pulling Cas down the halls of his bunker, and all the boy can do is comply. Give in to the aggressive hold on his wrist, try to keep up with Dean's stride in his weakened state. If he weren't focusing so hard on staying upright, he might be trying to take note of the layout of the place.
and then Cas gets to explain it to him, gets to use his analytical brain and talk about symbolism and parallels and everything else he finds interesting. It's stimulating, like having conversation with a normal, sane human being, or being back at school.
Dean completes the code, pulling open the first door and then striding through the second, which Cas left open in his haste. His boots tread over broken glass and then grass and then dirt as he stalks after his prey. It's a manhunt, and Dean has the upper hand.
He wakes up. Didn't know that he'd fallen asleep again. His legs are crossed and he must've done it in his sleep, because jesus, he needs the bathroom.
The ground is a muted grey, like a painting faded by the low light of the morning. The grass is cold and stiff with frost under his feet, the dirt hard and crumbly. Where once Cas would have seen a pretty, mysterious forest, he now sees ugly, snarled trees: obstacles in his path to liberation, a stretch of land taunting, neverending.
Cas turns to Dean, and his expression says that he definitely heard the order, he just doesn't want to comply.
There are lips on the side of his neck and Cas tilts his head to the side instinctively, closing his eyes and praying for this to be over.
Cas can't think straight. In fact, he's probably not thinking at all. The only thing that matters is
Cas whimpers. Dean could get high off the feeling he gets when Cas looks like this: all ashamed and uncomfortable and
By the time he's done Cas has tear tracks running down the sides of his face and he's just gasping, drawing in little hitches of breath like one would with a skinned knee. Right now, Castiel thinks he's in pain. He thinks he really knows the feeling of a blade sliding under his skin, thinks he's experienced something so incredibly terrible and traumatizing. In reality, it's just a few cuts across the chest, sitting snug under the left collarbone.
Cas tries to sleep but the little washcloth he has didn't do a very good job of cleaning everything up, so the smell of iron is still ripe in his nose.
He doesn't know what he's doing, doesn't know how to stitch something up or dress the wound or tie it off or
, Dean thinks, and an amused sort of sound escaped his throat. His hand finds Castiel's waist, which is fucking thin, and he kisses the boy like he kisses everyone who's ever been down here. Possessively.
to you, isn't he? And I'm so terrible? Why don't you ask Sam how many times I fucked him while you were shit-faced on the kitchen floor, Dean?"
The heel of Dean's boot slams down onto Castiel's hand and his words cut short, his mouth agape in shock and pain. No sound comes out.
Sam doesn't say anything which is fine, it's whatever, he doesn't have to, it's just that usually Dean gets at least a nod. This time there's nothing. He climbs onto the bed, scoots right up close to Dean and as soon as their chests are pressed together he lets his face crumple and
“You got ‘im good,” Dean teases. Cas feels his cheeks flush as the brothers watch for his reaction, but then they both start laughing. Almost
Dean shoves Cas down and he lands on his back on the bed, then immediately tries to scramble back up. He has to get away. But Dean is there - always there to stop him - and he uses one hand square in the middle of Cas's chest to pin him down again.
Dying wouldn't be so bad, he's concluded. It would be better than this fucking solitary confinement where most of the time he's alone with no mental stimulation, and the rest of the time he's talking to Dean or being hurt by Dean or getting fed by Dean. It'd be like his final, forever blank screen. His escape, but this time more definite and more solid and more real. He longs for that nothingness, thinks it'd be kind of nice, and thinks the girl that Dean dumped on the side of the road the night they met has it pretty lucky.
Cas thinks he knows the bunker, but he's barely scratched the surface in his days up above. It's a big place, maze-like, with doors that lead to nowhere and hallways that lead to a new place every time you walk through the dark of them... or so it seems. You'd have to be an expert to
"I will cut that pretty little mouth of yours, and don't think I won't. I'm trying to have a nice fucking moment, I don't need your disrespect. Got it?"
He's panting, his head spinning, and being this close to Dean - their mouths connected - is going to ruin him. He's starting to get frantic. He's not thinking clearly, all he wants is to get away, all he wants is for this to
But if Cas makes the choice to leave? Dean will have to make sure it's the last time he ever tries it.
Mumbling frantic nothings, Cas gives it a third try and cries out in relief as the glass shatters inwards, small shards exploding onto the floor. Dean is so close now, and in a few more moments he'll be within arm's reach. Cas grabs the ledge created by the now empty window frame, gives a small squeak as he feels the skin of his palms tear open on the shards, and starts to hoist himself up.
Sam is sleeping in Dean's bed every night now, even if he doesn't want to. Dean makes him. Says it's the best place to protect him, the best place to control what goes on around them. Dean has this need to be closest to Sam, to
In the last five days, he can't tell how much he's slept. Besides that first night, when he was exhausted, mentally and emotionally compromised, unstable... he's hardly slept through a night. Much like with
He pushes himself up fully, ignoring the ache in his slowly-waking limbs. When he’s upright, he can see into the front seat. Pitch-black night looms outside the windows, pushing in from all sides. Headlights illuminate a dusty highway, dotted yellow lines speeding by so fast they look continuous. Two silhouettes in the front seat, sitting side by side. Sam and Dean Winchester.
"Say hello, Cas," Dean insists. Cas shifts his gaze to Dean, eyebrows drawn in like he's weighing the risk over the reward for keeping his mouth shut.
"Sorry about the cuffs," he says, and Cas pulls at his wrists involuntarily. Winces. Doesn't dare take his wide eyes off the man in front of him. Dean reaches forward, using the knuckles of two fingers to stroke the side of Cas's face gently. It's tender, probably bruised, and Cas wouldn't be surprised if Dean's rings have left a cut or two on his cheek. Dean continues to touch his face, examining him the way a doctor would. Cas wishes desperately to be able to pull away, but he's already backed up against the wall and the cuffs behind his back are holding him in place. Dean starts to tsk, clicking his tongue with a pitying look on his face.
Dean takes his knife away but he's still standing close. He lifts the phone up again to take another picture, and this time Cas smiles without being told to. He's learning how to handle pain. How to ignore it. How to survive despite it.
He doesn't move, doesn't make any sound. His knuckles have turned white from gripping the edge of the sink, and the longer he stands there staring, the more they start to tremble. The image crosses his mind, fleeting but clear, of porcelain cracking under a hard, angry grip. Sharp ends of broken pieces prick fingertips and blood drips down into the sink, down the drain; shaking fingers leaving scarlet prints on the shattered remains of the sink's edge. He could pick up a piece of stained-red porcelain, use it to tear something up. He could hide it under his mattress and the next time that complete piece of shit tries to touch him, the next time he even comes close, he'll cut his throat and watch him choke to death on his own black blood. Or maybe use it on himself. Cut himself up just like Dean taught him how. Add another word to the one that was forced into him; take ownership of his own fucking body back. Winchester
was that?” Dean hisses into Castiel’s ear, his entire body weight pinning Cas to the ground. Down here, everything is impossibly darker.
Cas won't look at him. He can't. If he does, he'll be scared into submission and he doesn't want that. He leans heavily away; as much as is possible. It's still a chore to breathe, and Dean is shaking him slightly as he speaks.
The silence seeping out of the shadows is haunting, and he keeps imagining little sounds everywhere he goes. The creak of a door, a light switch being flipped the next room over, footsteps following him from a ways back. But every time he looks, there's nothing there; the bunker is silent. Empty. He stops frequently as he makes his way through the maze of the building, checking over his shoulder and pausing with every sound - real or imaginary - he hears.
Cas is crying, shoulders shaking. He makes a fist and forces himself to let it go. He can't hurt Dean. Not because he himself is weak, but because Dean is a leviathan.
"You fucking kidnapped me," he says. It takes a terrible effort to even speak, but he doesn't care. "You kidnapped me and chained me up in your basement and beat me." Dean starts to speak, but Cas cuts him off. "You murdered a boy in front of me. You locked me in a freezer."
Dean kicks the bottom of his bare foot and watches him stir. Notices how tired he looks, and realizes it's probably not due to lack of sleep.
He's got the heel of his good hand pounding against the door as soon as it's shut, and he can only hope Dean can hear him as he calls out. He doesn't want to be left in here, not when he's already shivering and it's only been a few seconds. Who the fuck locks a human being in a freezer?
Two hours later he comes back from wherever he's gone to dispose of the boy - the body - and lays down on the mattress. Cas wraps himself around Dean's solid form, nuzzles his face into his neck like he's a lover and not the man responsible for completely terrorizing him. Cas knows Dean is a terrible person and that he's never going to recover from everything that happened today-- happened because of Dean. So he can't explain why he clings to him like a lifeline, but he does.
He starts to hyperventilate. It’s the most Cas has spoken at once in days. His throat is scratchy and hoarse, but it doesn’t matter.
And he leads Castiel upstairs. Out of the basement. Out of the dark. Into a building of some sort with endless hallways and spacious rooms and no windows and lights that are too bright.
. Dean thinks absently that he's going to have to go back over that one of these days, if it keeps fading like that.
He doesn't want to become void. He doesn't want to be stagnant and emorionless. He doesn't want to become a robot; a puppet. But he fears that soon he won't be able to handle all the inner contradiction, and he'll give himself away to be Dean's toy. He thinks of his brothers, how hard they'd want him to fight. To think of himself as a moldable, usable un-person isn't bearable.
to say to this piece of shit. "You fucking swore. You swore you'd never touch him and you went back on that. You don't deserve my respect."
I'm back! And I have a laptop now, so I'm not just writing this fic in the notes app on my phone. Very exciting!!
And sorrow, of course. Always there under the surface, under everything else. Horrifying loss, and a constant ache, and sorrow.
Cas nods, eager for the chance to maybe gain some sympathy from Dean. Prove that his defiant act was provoked, justified.
Through all of it, Cas stays still as a block of wood. Even his breathing is too shallow; there's no rise and fall of his chest to be seen. Dean sits down next to him and lays a hand on his bony shoulder.
Cas swallows, blinks hard to keep the tears in his eyes. If what Dean's saying is true, then that means... oh, god. That means Cas has been here for nearly six months.
not giving me everything I need from you. You just don't get it. You're still holding onto the past, when I need you to grow a pair and forget it and devote yourself to
"I'm trying to help you!" He pleads. Desperate. If he doesn't do this, he'll die. He will die. He has to let Cas help.
He lies flat on his back, his left hand splayed out on the bed next to him. His right hand he holds close to his chest, curled into a gentle fist. The fingers are still bent at an angle, like Cas is a doll and his imperfections are simple manufacturing errors. Products of a careless handler.
Dean's lip is split and bloody when he puts a boot under Cas's chin and forces his head up. He looks down on him, anger evident in his features. Cas is starting to seriously regret his decision, and wonders when he's ever going to catch a break.
“I know you didn’t,” Dean says, and he sounds exhausted. “You’re not in trouble. Okay? Sam and I took you out to the car ourselves. I know you didn’t leave on purpose.”
"--He hasn't said a word since. Like he's gone mute, or something. Won't even cry anymore, except for when he thinks I can't hear him."
Cas is pattering around in his bare feet and boxers, small shoulders shaking visibly even in the dark. It took him five minutes just to climb the stairs leading up from the basement, as he kept stopping to listen for Dean-- and have multiple small panic attacks. Dean was sure in those moments that the kid would scurry back down and tuck himself in, but he stuck it out and eventually made it all the way upstairs.
Cas wants to clear his throat; wants to get rid of the dirtiness that came with speaking aloud. The grit of it is still stuck at the back of his tongue, an ache that won't be swallowed away. He hadn't chosen to stop speaking. Not really. He got shot and bam, the choice was made for him. In one single second, one single gunshot, Dean Winchester stole Castiel's voice, amongst other things. He stole his voice, stole his sleep, stole his safety. Now he wants to force it back into Cas: make him speak properly and politely, make him endure strange formalities and introductions.
He won't touch Cas between the legs, not now when he's exhausted and probably sensitive and has already done everything that's been asked of him. No, that'll come later. Right now the kid deserves a break.
Dean releases his wrists, and then the cuff goes right back on to the ankle. Cas still has one eye shut tight. Dean doesn't bother to wait for the water to get warm as he runs a cloth under the tap, then throws it at Castiel's feet.
At first she's a little skeptical of the place, all secluded in the woods and underground and locked up, but when he tells her his dad was a survivalist and a war junkie, she accepts it as if it were any other shitty apartment and Dean's just any other guy. She probably likes the thrill of it, anyway. Probably gets off to gang rape porn so at least that's one thing the two of them have in common. Maybe she's thinking about all the shit Dean could do to her, how small she is compared to him and how much muscle he's got, and maybe she's fantasizing about too hard too fast and a pair of handcuffs, or something. If only she fucking knew what he was really capable of. If he decided to really show her, she wouldn't be fantasizing anymore. He'd have her begging.
Dean is grunting, lips right next to Castiel's ear. He's whispering obscenities that Cas wishes he couldn't hear, like
The force isn't enough. He drops the weight, curses, and fumbles with it as he tries again. Dean can hear him crying.
does he lay a finger on Sam. Nothing has ever been more important to Dean than his little brother. He's whip-smart and a nuisance and totally, embarrassingly innocent, and is probably the only thing on this earth that Dean really loves. He has to be protected, from both the physical violence and the emotional trauma that it brings. Sure, little Sammy sitting up in his room with a pillow over his head, listening to his big brother crying through the walls as he gets beaten by their father is probably pretty taumatizing in its own way. But as long as Dean can put himself between Sam and the wrong side of John's drinking habits, then he goddamn will. He still worries, though. Worries that John is gonna get bored one day and hurt his little brother, and Dean knows he's not as strong as his father. Wouldn't be able to stop it. So every time John gets a little too drunk, or a little too angry, or starts talking sweet to his sons like they're his dead wife, Dean stands between him and Sam. Holds his hands out to stop his father coming any closer, fixes him with a stern look and reminds him of their agreement. Usually that's enough to stop him going for Sam, and more than enough to earn him the first right hook of the evening.
John's been hitting him since for-fucking-ever. At this point it's just part of the routine. Still hurts like a bitch, because it's not just fists but belts and wooden spoons and steel-toed boots and whatnot. And the last couple years, he's gotten creative, so it's not just being hit, either. It's being held under the freezing cold spray of the shower, fully clothed, and not allowed to change or dry off afterward. It's being denied food for a day or two, and getting cigarettes stubbed out on forearms and ribs and the neck. It's having things thrown at him and getting punished if he flinches.
"Dean," Sam chides. "We've talked about this. You can't just keep... acting on your instincts every time you get the urge. I mean, that's what this is about, right? That's why you called? What did you do this time?"
Castiel's voice breaks and his screams become silent sobs, wracking his whole body. This moment will never end, not until he mercifully blacks out again.
Cas understands. If this is his fault, then it's his responsibility to fix it. He grabs the first aid kit, ignores the parts of him still foggy from the pill Dean made him take, and stumbles over to the boy. Chained ankle clanging across the floor. He falls to his knees once more, shaky hands fumbling with the white plastic box. He gets it open and he's panicking, doesn't know exactly what to do, but knows that if he doesn't do
"What's done is done, Dean. Maybe if you took better care of your brother you could have stopped this a long time ago."
There's a suggestion behind the words, and Cas knows what Dean is insinuating. He knows what's being played at. He knows exactly what he must do to prove to Dean that he can go against everything he believes, everything he wants, in order to serve him. Prove that he's nothing and Dean's everything and Cas would do anything asked of him. True devotion, true admiration. He can be a good boy. He can do the things Dean wants him to. There's not a thing he wouldn't rather do, but right now it's not about him, might not be about him ever again, and that's the whole point. Dean matters. Dean matters. Dean matters. Cas's autonomy does absolutely fucking not. He swallows, eyes sliding down Dean's body as he thinks about what he has to do.
Cas freezes, thinking absolutely nothing and absolutely everything at the same time. He stares into those unforgiving eyes, beautiful and green even in the darkness, and feels tears slip down his face.
Footsteps. There's a mixture of relief and terror in Cas's stomach that makes him feel like he's swallowed both a bottle of Smirnoff Ice and a glass of Gabriel's famous hangover cure at the same time. Contradictory. Doesn't help that he can practically feel the tumbleweeds rolling across his empty stomach.
." Finally Dean steps away and Cas lets his head hang, dropping down onto his elbows. Shoulders shaking.
one), and they hardly get to him. But ever since his childhood, he's never been able to get that one solitary sound out of his head, and it's all thanks to Hitchcock and Lucifer's lenient rules and halloween.
Fucking insane muscles straining in his arms, a death grip clenched around a ruined throat. Dean's crushing the kid's windpipe, thumbs pressed down so hard Cas is surprised they haven't broken through skin yet.
He leaves Cas on the floor, but before he goes, he undoes the shackle around his ankle. Show him that good things can happen when he behaves.
Cas swallows. Steels himself. Gets up on two feet and shuffles over to Dean, the chain behind him scraping on the hard floor. It sounds like an omen.
"I didn't fucking touch them," the man continues. "They were all fucking asleep, I didn't even see Gabriel's face. He was all covered up in blankets." He stops, looks Cas up and down, and scoffs. "...You should consider taking some of those," he says snidely.
Dean seems to know the exact moment it click's in Castiel's brain, because he starts to grin widely. It's obvious that he's enjoying this. Either he thinks he's doing something so fuckin' kind for a kid on his birthday, or he knows exactly the caliber of what he's doing and it delights him nonetheless.
He wishes he can stand, but struggling against his restraints is exhausting and he doesn't want to risk worsening the sprain that he's already got in his wrist.
"Hey. Let me be very clear, Cas. I'll forgive you for what you did, this time. But the next time you pull a stunt like this?" He reaches up, touches his torn lip. Pulls away a finger dotted with blood and wipes it on his jeans. "Your brothers are getting a fucking hand in the mail."
Another quick glance at Dean (to make sure he doesn't get hit or pinched or shot), and Castiel opens his mouth.
Cas is getting that look in his eyes. That helpless look. Scared, like he knows exactly the kind of trouble he can get himself into by refusing. Dean realizes what's about to happen, and it pisses him off. He speaks quietly, a threatening sound that he knows will whip Cas into shape.
After a moment, Dean's hands trail up to the knot in Castiel's blindfold. He starts to work the fabric undone, but stops. Clicks his tongue.
There’s a moment of quiet, Cas guesses the brothers are communicating through glances again, and then the hood is ripped unceremoniously off his head. He can’t help himself but to immediately look around. The highway is forested on both sides, no light but for the car’s headlights shining forward. They must be quite the sight: Cas on his knees, the Winchester brothers standing before him like a bad omen.
He looks up again, his face turned to Sam but his approval-seeking eyes flitting toward Dean. “I didn’t mean to hurt you,” he says quietly. “I’m sorry. I was… I was scared.”
Dean's breathing is ragged when he's done and he slides off Cas, tucks himself in, and stands up. Cas looks too scared to move. The one eye he can open is staring helplessly up at his assailant.
Sam sees and freaks the fuck out, abandons his job as "terrified on-looker" and runs toward John. But it's like a fly trying to slow down a horse, and their father simply throws Sam to the side.
Before he knows it, Dean is standing in front of his door. Staring at it as if he could see right through it, down the hall, into John's bedroom. As if looks could kill. Sam's there, pulling on his arm, fucking desperate and absolutely pleading.
He has to walk into the small room and pick Castiel up off the floor, because the poor boy has lost all the energy he needs to move. Cas doesn't speak, doesn't acknowledge Dean in any way. He's being carried bridal style but he's still curled into himself in a way that would preserve body heat, if he still had it. Dean carries him out of the freezer, out of the kitchen, and down a hall. Cas is shaking in his arms. Eventually, he manages to wrap stiff arms around the man's neck, and he feels himself start to give in to the heat radiating off of Dean. Without deciding to, he cranes his neck up and shoves his face into the space between Dean's chin and collarbone. Cold lips against hot skin. He breathes into Dean's neck, shuddering breaths that can't be helped, and if the other minds at all, he gives no indication.
He's picking up the pace, grinding down against the shiny leather of Dean's shoe like it's a pillowcase or a palm, his forehead rested against the man's thigh.
So far it's always been a "choice," but Cas feels that there's something more sinister under the surface. Keeps thinking about grown-up thighs straddling his hips and the sound of a zipper being pulled down. Nothing like that has happened again, not yet, but Cas figures it's only a matter of time.
Cas wonders if the kid knows he's there, or if he thinks he's alone. Either way, he doesn't say anything. What could he possibly say, anyway? He stays still on his mattress, curled up, knees to chest. The light comes on.
"You're just the annoying little brother. Right? I mean... right? You told me yourself the next one up from you - Gabriel - is seven years older. That's a pretty big difference. You just have to wonder, would they really be all that sad to be rid of you? Or would they be... glad? Glad they don't have you as a burden anymore?"
Dean gave Jensen a cheeky smile "fuck you," Dean was in a childlike mood "well I can't but maybe you would..." Jensen stood wide eyes at Dean, while Misha was holding back a laugh. "Shame you're not like this with Cas, cuz damn you'll get a ass full of dick!" Dean and Jensen both turned there attention on Misha, who just stood there shrugging his shoulders. "Okay, wanna play a game?"
"Better answer that," Misha panted against Jensens neck, slightly nibbling a spot while Jensen scrambled to get his phone from his pocket.
"W-Why... am I always the one that finds them...?" Arrow was sat on the back seat of the Impala with Dean in the front. "I dunno kid... Ghosts must like you for some reason?" Dean gave a half weak smile to him, Sam got into the car looking back at Arrow with a sad expression.
"So Jen, what ya gonna do?" Dean dropped himself down on the bed he shares with Jensen, they can't sleep in different beds, their dad tried getting them to sleep in different beds, but they both ended up in the same bed somehow.
"Nobody," Cas tapped two fingers against his head making him pass out. Connor wiggling out his grip ran inside the house, with Sam and Dean following him and shouting at him to stop. Running into his moms room the smell of a dead body was in the air, but Connor couldn't see one. "W-what?" Connor turned facing Dean, Sam went looking around the room, seeing where the smell was coming from the most. "Might want to, turn around." Connor rolled his eyes, standing with his arms crossed
"Yes. Are you comfortable like that?" Castiel his alpha, his Daddy, was now standing by Deans head. "Yes, Daddy. But I'm getting a little tired now though." Dean giggled as his Daddy scooped him up in is arms, carrying him out from the office to the elevator. "Right, walk behind me and close got that baby?"
" Dean spotted a cove that he could hide in, the Alpha was far enough away not to notice where Dean was heading. Which was lucky for Dean, until he felt a strange warm feeling at the back of his neck. Turning around slowly he saw it was a shark.
You could tell Dean wanted to pounce on your body, but couldn't since Sam was in the room who soon made an awkward cough to bring your attention back. "You guys done?" Dean snapped his head in Sams direction.
"Oh fuck me," Connor breathed out. "Not now, baby." Dean gave a weak laugh which was more like a breath, picking up a pair of their boxers to wipe them off, so they could settle down into bed again. Connor refused to release Dean mumbling out a weak "Cuddles," making Dean kiss the top of Connors' head. "Alright cuddly teddy bear, cuddle and sleep," Dean whispered to an already sleeping Connor.
Dean groaned, but Cas was having none of it so he picked Dean up, and carried him to his bedroom, cleaned Dean up before getting into bed, cuddling Dean tightly.
"Sam you sure you're feeling well? You look like you might pass out," Dean was right in front of Sam, feeling his forehead making Sam whimper. "D-Dean, it hurts..." Sam whispered out so quiet that he was afraid Dean hadn't heard. "What hurts Sammy? Tell me or show me," Dean stepped back only to have Jensen next to him. Sam once again took his clothes off, slowly in front of the twins.
" Dean opened his mouth as he silently screamed when Cas hit his prostate. "CAS! Fuck!! Harder, Fuck your little boy harder,"  Cas nods against Deans chest. Hitting Dean prostate harder, they both were close to coming as Dean felt Cas, fucking him faster not in time anymore. "gonna cum, Daddy? Going to fill your little boys pussy?" Cas groaned, hearing Dean gasp as Cas wrapped a hand around his cock, jerking in time with him thrusting.
Cas moved them both so Dean was on top, with Cas' knot inside him as comfortable as it could be. "Well, that went well.. Right Cas?" Dean looked up only to see Cas asleep.
"C-Cas?" Dean sat up quickly covering himself up, with the nearest pillow, and hissing when it touched his erect cock. "Whoa, Cas looks ten times hotter now!" Jensen hit Misha lightly on his arm, them both not caring that they were still either half naked or completely naked in front of an angel. "I came to tell Dean, that he seems to be stuck here for a while longer, and I thought I come to keep him company until I can get him out, and why are you naked?"
"Make me yours. Please Alpha." Dean sobbed before screaming at the knot and teeth went into him, coming himself over the bed sheets.
Dean raised an eyebrow at Arrow, "what part of sam is sorting it out did not go through your head?" he smiled at Arrow after pulling back after cleaning the cut on his chest.
Dean and Castiel have spent a month together everything has gone perfect, except when Dean knows he has to go back to college.
Cas shifted under the gaze Dean was giving him. "If you'd like that. Then you can be my Omega, I'll be your alpha.."
Jensen stepped forward picking Dean up. "I can make this easier for you," Cas placed two fingers on Dean, making his entire body go smaller. "CAS!!" Dean squealed when Jensen nudged the plug. "Well it is easier, Dean. You fit the part now." Jensen and Cas both rubbed their hands over Dean, who was just relaxing against Jensens chest, making pleased noises.
"Ain't you that 'straight' porn star?" Dean blushed at Cas "yeah, but I wanna get fucked up by a hot guy, or fuck a hot guy... are you a porn star?" Cas shrugged as he opened his door but he was pulled back by Dean.
"Why?" Cas muttered throwing the covers over his head, causing Dean to rip them off him revealing his body to the cold air.
"Is it cool if I bail on tonight movie?" Arrow skipped into the room where the two out of three looked at him surprised. "Sure, Arrow. But why?" Sam didn't even notice the glares Cas and Dean were giving Arrow. "I'm... uh... I have a friend... they wanna hang out. That's all..." Arrow looked at all three Dean and Cas didn't even stop staring at him, Sam just smiled and let him go.
Walking back out from his room, hearing a movie being played. "Jen, you damage her I'm going to hurt you." Dean gave Jensen his keys "wait you're gonna trust me with your car, but you wont trust me with your clothes," that got a laugh from Sam. "Just go, don't do anything I wouldn't do," Dean smiled ruffling up Jensens hair even more.
"Dean, we can't just leave him next to his dead mom!" Sam whispered once they checked the bedroom. "I know Sam, lets just see if he has anywhere else to go, if not then what we going to do?" Dean finished his sentence while Sam gave him a bitch face. "You wanted a kid Dean, why don't you and Cas take care of him?"
"So, Boys. I here you're quiet good at robbing places? The names Crowley by the way. " The man -  Crowley -  had an odd accent that Dean or Sam couldn't figure out, but they allowed the man talk. "Hm, and what you want with us?"
"Dean, I'll come to you whenever you need me, no matter what... Got that?" slowly nodding to Cas as he picked up his bag, dumping the notes in the trash before walking to the door "Uh, you busy around, like five? since I like getting coffee.. and I think you like coffee... so would you maybe, uh I mean would you like to come with me.. and talk? we could go to that place where I watch the cars again." Dean wished his mouth would shut as he just kept rambling to Cas who was chuckling at his nervousness "Dean, I would like to go with you, and yes I like the place where you watch cars, it's relaxing." Dean reached for the door knob, giving Cas a last little look before disappearing into the corridor. Walking quickly to his five minute detention which was down the hall.
"Good, you'll get a reward tomorrow but nap now, you need it boy." Castiel kissed Dean on top of his head, letting him nap as he went to clean up the mess he made.
"Why is he crying?" Castiel whispered across the room once he returned from the bathroom in a shirt and some shorts, a plaid shirt was thrown on top Cas 'borrowing' it from Dean. "I think he likes you being near him, try it. Walk up to him and see if he shuts up, then walk a few steps away from him." Bobby said from the table trying to help Sam get his arms in his shirt.
"How many drinks you have, dude?" The person next to Jensen asked "dunno bout four?" Jensen saw Chris on the other side of the room who was making out with a girl, Krissy who was Jensens girlfriend at the time, that clearly didn't want Chris anywhere near her. "Be right back," Jensen stood using the guys knee to lift himself up, that made him choke on his drink.
"Oh, Dean here didn't wanna leave him behind so, he ended up coming with." Sam said simply. "Ah, well he's adorable, the kitten that is." Dean made a little noise at the remark. "You're more handsome then adorable, pup." Sam didn't miss the way Deans tail wagged at her. "Right, your daughter, when did she go missing? Was it unusual?" Sam quickly went back on track with the reason why he was there.
Arrow wondered how long it took before he would hear the rumble of the Impala, just as he reached the street corner where he was meeting up with Jay. "Hey, pipsqueak." Jay chuckled jabbing Arrow playfully, "Hey Jay, you got what I want you to do right?" Arrow bit his lip touching Jay's arm, "Hell yeah." Jay pushed him against the nearest wall covering his mouth with Arrows. Arrow gasped at the roughness of it, moaning into Jay's mouth putting his hand through his hair.
"You're a broken, useless bitch. Nobody wants that Dean. Not even your pretty little face can't fix that, now Dean what are you?" Dean felt his fathers knot starting to form at the base of his cock, and at the entrance of his hole.
"Whoa! Arrow, pants!?" Dean adverted his eyes, where's Cas kept staring. "Cas... could you stop staring at my dick?" Arrow stands to put his hands over himself for cover, as Dean looked at the Angel, who was not looking away. "Your porn history says you like this type of boy, Dean." Castiel tilts his head towards a blushing Dean, Arrow attempted to walk past to get out of the awkward conversation but was stopped by Cas' arm.
"No, I want to be untied!" Dean kicked his legs out. "And I want to play with you, but some little boy is being a stubborn little shit, now I'll untie you until I know you won't run off, or I'll gift you to my brothers they'll like a new toy to destroy." Castiel removed his hand, walking towards the door. "I'll be back with dinner, hopefully, you'll be more responsive to me."
Castiels hands released y/n neck as he started pulling out from her collecting his blade cleaning it on her body before picking up the now lifeless body to get rid of the mess. He didn’t acknowledge the Winchester who remained quiet, keeping his head down all while remaining in his standing position in the corner until Castiel had completed his task.
Castiel didn't miss the familiar feeling of Dean shaking in his arms as tears fell on his suits jacket. "T-Thank you, alpha." Dean nuzzles Cas, but Cas brought Dean head up so Cas could see his beautiful omega.
Both Cas and Dean were woken up by the sound of a knock on the door, then Sams voice. "Come on you guys, I've got a lead!" Dean grunted as he rolled over seeing the Angel that had woken up in the bed next to him. "Well morning Angel, how was sleeping?" Dean knew his voice was deeper when he woke up but he'd never heard Cas' voice in the morning. "Good morning Dean, sleeping is quite relaxing."
"Daddy has a surprise for you baby boy," Castiel whispered to Dean who shivered in Castiel's hold. "Lucifer, don't mind cleaning this mess up do you?" Castiel heard Lucifer laugh before he gave his answer letting them both go.
Dean just turned giving a small sad smile. "Its okay, mom. I'm used to it.." there was sadness in his mothers eyes, but that left as she glared at his father again.
It was quiet when he walked back to the motel, only stopping to get food and coffee as he did. Once opening the door he was met with two still sleeping Winchesters, not bothering to wake them up Chase just sat down drinking his own coffee and food as he waited for the brothers.
"Well last night you didn't offer me help! You just told me to be a good little boy and go home, well I'm going home it's up to you if you want to help me or not." Connor got out the hold Dean had on him shoving him out the way, to run out the door. Connor knew they were going to follow him, but at least they didn't rush about doing it. It gave Connor sometime to prepare himself for the guy that could possibly be possessed by a demon.
"Gabriel always has to be Lucifers assistant, but Gabriel loves it." Gabriel mutters to himself as he walked over to Castiel removing the rag.
"Oh, n-nothing... so where you heading?" Cas held his door open as Dean had his hands on the roof of his car "just shopping for furniture, but I don't know what I should get.." Cas rubbed his neck as he spoke to Dean.
But they soon came back to each other, as Dean knew that it wasn't worth losing an argument. He could lose an argument but he couldn't lose his Castiel.
Pulling up to the drive Dean stepped out, running up to the door knocking on the door hopefully he wouldn't get kicked out.
"oh right yeah, he and a few other mermen, went out looking for the last few sharks, and well a few returned, a few went missing, and people that were named dead, one was your father and a few I didn't know, but a lot died." Dean nods slowly, maybe he could go out later and find out. But right now all Dean wanted to do was cuddle with his mate. "Do I get the right to call Jimmy my son or not yet?" Dean looked from Jimmy who was currently playing with Deans fin, he had swam off while the grown ups talked.
"Like what you see boys?" Dean sat back down, opening his legs purposely wider. "uh, o-ok, Dean and Jensen. T or D." Again they picked dare, but this time Misha was going to pick something that might put them both off. "Dean I dare you to put Jensens cock in your mouth for three minutes, no moving or sucking! When that's done I dare Jensen to jerk Dean off for two minutes!"
Castiel kept his head in the crook of Deans neck, the omegas nails were digging into his back as his legs around his waist his feet crossed and resting above Castiel's butt, while Cas just let his alpha out fucking Dean like it was their last night on earth.
Opening his mouth leaning forward taking the head, Dean looked up once to see if his Daddy was looking down at him as he bobbed his head, Castiel's head was thrown back his mouth open as small groans were let out. Dean couldn't help let out his own moan around the cock in his mouth at the sight, which seem to please Cas even more.
"Walking" inside more like limping his way inside making the old guy glare at him, and three other men stare at him as he entered the room. "Where the hell have you been? I called you two weeks ago!" The old guy once again snapped at Chase.
Dean put Connor in his lap again, kissing him while one of his hand wrapped around the both of them. Connor gripped on to Dean again, as Dean moved his hand as well as telling Connor to move. Dean felt Connor tense up, knowing that Connor would come soon. "You close baby? Gonna cum for your dad?" Dean whispered against his lips, Connor fucking into both of their fists as he shook in Deans lap coming over the both of them with Dean following close behind.
Castiel hummed as he gripped his couches cushions. Castiel would love to hear that boy scream, in more than one way.
"Hey sweetie how was your walk?" His mother's cheerful voice came from the dinner table. "It was.. alright." Connor pulled his best fake smile, he knew his step-father was in the room, he could smell him. "Hmm, do me a favour go do the shopping for us." His stepfather slurred out to Connor while shoving his card in Connors' hand and turning him in the direction of the door. "Uhh, sure..." Connor looked back to his mother who only smiled at him, but it wasn't a happy one.
Dean just ran upstairs getting a few clothes as he heard John doing the whole 'hurt my kid and I'll kill you' thing, making Dean roll his eyes.
"Wh-what? Where am I!" Dean woke up looking at three guys, one looked like Sam, one looked like him and the last one looked like Cas. "Why do you look like my brother, me and my best friend?" The Cas lookalike just bursted out laughing, while the other two just stared. It wasn't until the tall one, the Sam lookalike spoke out "I'm Jared, that's Jensen and that's Misha.." Dean groaned, rubing his hand across his face. "Not again!"
Dean couldn't believe he was teaching his Guardian Angel how to beat his own dick, a quiet impressive dick. "That's it Cas." Dean watched Castiels hand move up and down getting faster, while broken moans fell out the Angels mouth. "Gonna cum Cas, gonna come for me?" Dean smirked as Castiel came over himself, just as Dean did the same.
"Now?" Cas hissed. Dean kicked his legs up, then tears ended up pouring out from his eyes. Castiel sighed carrying Dean, as he was heading for the restroom. Cas placed Dean so he was propped up as he adjusted himself while using his grace so his now female body could produce the right thing to feed Dean.
"Dean just say what's on your mind, can't be that bad," Cas was right it didn't matter what he was going to say "how do you know if you're gay?"
Dean growled as the angel kept teasing him. "Fuck my little cunt, I'm so wet for you thick Alpha cock, Daddy." Dean couldn't miss the way the Alphas eyes went darker. "There's the bitch I know." Cas said, his face disappearing in between Deans legs lapping up the slick that was now pouring out from his hole. "CAS!" Dean moaned his hands gripped the sheets.
Obviously Jensen had learnt to move quick, starting Baby up driving quickly out and away from the bunker.
Dean and Cas both shot up from their bed Dean changed into his normal clothes, While Castiel cleaned up everything in the house, everything that didn't look like Dean was pretending to be a little boy.
Dean had to spend every day looking after his little brother, he wasn’t allowed to even have second guesses it was either he did it or let Sam starve or just be abandoned. There was no time for Dean to behave as a child should, he was forced to grow up quickly to look after and protect his brother.
He watched a few random videos before he found himself on a porn site. All he had to do was to remember to delete the history and Dean would never know. Clicking a few times as he found the video he wanted Chase placed the laptop beside him as he got comfortable.
"hello? Wait Dean?" Dean looked up seeing his blue eyes with a glint of mischief, he's so screwed "h-hi.." Dean squeaked out causing Charlie at laugh as she walked away. "Later bitches, i'm off to flirt with some girls!" Castiel sat with Dean as he drank his coffee. "You're gay? right?" Dean spoke up quickly startling Castiel a little "Well yes, why do you ask?" Dean shrugs messing with the lid of his drink "I-I'm just wondering.. Because.." Dean sighed he has never told anyone else that he was gay, just his roommate. "Dean? You alright?" Dean looked over the table "I think I'm gay..." Dean spoke quietly that Castiel had to lean in close.
Sighing Connor finished his food, cleaning the plate before leaving the room to spend time alone. Connor had been feeling an odd feeling that he knew he shouldn't be feeling, they only showed up around Dean. Shaking his head as he thought he had walked into his room when really he walked straight into Deans.
"Do I get to be untied?" Dean shyly asked, his face red from everything Castiel had talked about. "Yes, Dean but if I see you try once to escape, you'll be right back here for a week, got that? But all I need from you now is a few little words." Castiel rubbed his hand up and down Deans' leg gently, ask Dean thought about everything.
Dean looked around it was just them in the hallway until they heard footsteps, it was the principle and he looked pissed. "Get to class Now!" he pushed Dean to the classroom he was meant to be at, and it was the English room. The class had already started as he sat down at the back "Winchester? You're late," Deans looked up, and holy shit his friend was right...
