Feeling the blood rush to his cheeks, Dean guffawed and thumped the toe of his boot against the huge rolling toolbox near edge of Benny’s work area. “I, uh, didn’t know. I mean, I didn’t know if you’d wanna still hang… if you knew. Some guys don’t. My old man didn’t.”
When the presents have all been opened, Cas asks Jack to get a garbage bag and clean up the wrappings. While his son is busy doing that, Cas is in the kitchen putting pans into the oven. With everything already prepped and ready to go, it doesn’t take long. While the meat and potatoes are cooking, Cas sets his sights on something to tide them over until dinner is ready. He sets out bakery cinnamon rolls and another plate of treats.
Pausing at the window, he takes a deep breath and tries to calm down. Tugging the curtain shut, he shucks his wet pants and leaves them in the middle of the floor as he heads for the downstairs bathroom to retrieve a towel.
I fucking hope not, thought Dean. He bit his lip to make sure the thought didn’t slip out of his mouth and then he forgot about the pain in his knees and leaned into the first thrust. Grunting with the force of it, Dean reached under his belly and gripped his own cock as the man fucked forward into him. The pullback was even better the second time and Dean could feel his entrance clenching around the man’s shaft, clinging to it and trying to keep it inside him. He groaned in ecstasy when the man’s crown caught on his rim and rested there for a moment. When he plunged back inside, it happened fast. From that moment on, it was all Dean could do to keep his knees under him.
The one who had purchased him would be given the key card and a designated amount of time to play, uninterrupted. There were rules posted on the wall and the winning bidder would have already agreed to abide by them upon threat of expulsion for breaking any. Dean was relatively comfortable in this room, and after Gordon had secured him to the wall by his cuffs, he finally left. Alone now, Dean had only to wait. However, his patience was wearing thin and he wound up pressing his cock into the wall to relieve the pressure building there.
Dean was getting used to life with his new friends and as cycles came and went, he settled into his new routine. It wasn’t much different with Benny’s group than it had been with his old friends. They hung out together at school and then found each other after to hang out. And, not surprisingly, their talk and games relentlessly revolved around mermaids. At least before, Cas had seemed to share Dean’s reluctance to dwell on the topic of maidens for too long. Here, with Benny’s group, there was no ally in that respect. Added to which, there were far more mermaids to contend with in Benny’s group, and that made it even more challenging to keep up appearances with them.
“There’s a Sickies Garage right over there,” she said, pointing across to the other side of the interstate. “We’ve got one in Sioux Falls too… good food. Nice selection of beers.”
“Don’t try to hold out,” Dean purrs, his lips barely pulling off far enough to make the words audible. “Just feel good, Cas, that’s all I want. Just to make you to feel good.”
As they all followed the Singer at the end of the waking cycle, Dean noticed behaviors among the adults that he’d likely been oblivious to as a youngster. There were little touches here and there, a stranger’s hand brushing along someone’s back or side, fingertips trailing a smooth tail as it slithered by. Mermen were brushing up against mermaids as they swam past. Mermaids were squaring their shoulders and pushing their breasts out… not pushing away hands that brushed over their bodies as they swam.
Sadly, the time investment that Cas has made with this man doesn’t pay off. Not only does he not offer to buy the car, he doesn’t even bother trying to haggle. After they say goodbye, Cas parks the car and covers it back over with the tarp. Then he pulls his newer one into the garage beside it and heads into the house.
Unzipping his bag, Dean dug out a bottle of over-the-counter pain pills and a fifth of whiskey. He pushed them into his friend’s hands and then, straightening, he began undoing his belt.
Silence descended for a moment as Sam tipped the pot, draining the last of the coffee into their cups. Pouring the remaining whiskey into his, Dean watched his brother’s face turn critical.
“Well, I suppose I’ll have to take what I can get,” the coach replies, giving an affectionate slap on the back. “This is your senior year, Jack. You’ll be lookin’ back on it for the rest of your life. So, I hope you’re living it in a way you’ll be proud of later.”
“No, no, no,” tisked the man, stepping back to avoid contact. “You’re not gonna get me that easy. A whore like you has to earn it.”
Flipping his book open to their current chapter, Social and Emotional Health, Jack sits back and listens as Mr. Winchester steers the class into a discussion of today's topic. Rarely content to sit behind his desk, Mr. Winchester paces back and forth at the front of the classroom like he usually does, pausing occasionally to answer a question or ask one.
With that said, Dean pressed his weight down on the man, finding a decent sized cock trapped under his blue suit pants. Having already been kept waiting for far too long today, Dean was practically panting to be fucked and his body spasmed as he heard the man groan from under his shifting weight.
Once he was able to ascertain a general point of origin, he whistled back to signal his approach. When he was finally able to see his friend, Dean was stunned by the macabre scene he’d walked into. He’d been expecting something bad, but this was far beyond anything his friend might’ve been able to prepare him for.
"You lot have nothing to fear from me," said the witch as she floated gracefully between them. They all watched as her small steps carried her away from them, past the clown corpses, and towards the exit. "You are free to leave now," she told them, "and I'll not harm a hair on your devilishly handsome heads, so long as that favor is returned."
“That’s hard to say,” Cas hedges. What he wants to say is, ‘If you were in love, you’d know it’. But that would be cold and heartless. Though the words are generally accepted wisdom among adults, they are a lie. The truth is, lots of people don’t really know they love someone until they lose them. It’s a sad reality. Deciding to avoid answering further, Castiel slides onto the open stool between them and asks a question. “How do you feel about her?”
Dean found himself nodding along. John was right, he had not been fit. Growing up Dean had thought that they had moved around so much because his father had simply been unable to hold down a job. But looking back at it from an adult’s perspective, it was clearly more than that.  Memories clicked with knowledge as Dean considered his father and realized that there had been many who had tried help over the years… a concerned neighbor or teacher, a child services investigator, or even the police. That, Dean now realized, had always been John’s cue to pack up and leave town. Crossing enough lines on a map had always seemed to give John Winchester the “do-over” he needed.
Tears had been threatening all day and now, as anger and frustration set in, they presented again. He worked to control his face so Sam wouldn’t see it. The car grew quiet as he did. The long line of cars started moving again and as Dean turned left onto their street, he breathed deeply and tried to address his brother.
In one of the boxes from his youth, Dean finds an old pair of binoculars from back when he used to go hunting with his dad. Pounding back up the stairs with them clutched in hand, he leaves the lights off and heads to the front of the house. Dropping to his knees by a north facing window, he cautiously parts the blinds with one hand and raises the binoculars with the other. He sees nothing but blurr. It’s frustrating to try and remember how to use them when he’s in a hurry, and keeping a finger on the blinds as he uses two hands to adjust the lenses requires effort that draws whispered curses from his lips. The car is now in his sights but it’s still fuzzy and as his eyes strain to make out the details, his fingers are twisting the dials. Several times he turns them too far and then over-corrects, but eventually he manages to bring the entire frame into focus.
“Yeah, well, this scene runs a distant second behind watching a war documentary and sipping a stale beer.
“You dick!” Dean spat as he ducked an angry fist, “You think I embarrassed you? You embarrassed yourself! And we weren't with you when you left the bar, we were with you at the goddam police station... where you tried to punch in for work hammered.
“The idea,” he carefully reminded them, “is to conceive. So, in the interest of maximizing the possibility of creating life, I have some words of advice for all of you, as you go into your first Mating Cycle. First of all, the dolphins gather with us. It’s to be expected so don’t be put off by it. In fact, they tend to circle on the periphery and engage in their own activities. We discourage trying to touch them because they tend to get over excited and try to join in OUR Mating Cycle. I don’t think I need to tell you boys that we’re not interested in encouraging that behavior.
So, a merman on a mission now, Dean steeled himself and returned his attention to the skin and scales of those around him. He was ready to find someone to get off with.
Feeling obligated to at least say hello, he stepped up to her side. Not wanting to interrupt if he was unwelcome, Dean used only his eyes and the tilt of his head to ask her if it was okay to speak. She gave him a wide smile and broke the silence by saying, “Well hello, cowboy.”
world was the real problem. She wanted to round up the few hunters that we’ve got left and take them through the portal… mighty convenient, right? Just clear a path for you to do whatever it is you came here to do?”
“Everything. It’s weird because we’ve grown so much. We’re practically adults. But, I don’t feel like one. I’m not ready.”
“I think you are,” says Dean confidently, unbuckling his belt. “You’re comin’ out here with me ‘cause you wanna get some.” As if to further temp the man, Dean reaches down into his pants and cups himself. “You want this, man, you gotta come ‘n git it.”
“Yeah, that’s cool,” agrees Claire. “Jody’s pretty set on doin’ the whole ‘mom’ thing. She always has, but even if she actually was my real mom, she’d still have to let me grow up and that’s what she can’t seem to understand. I’m at an age where it’s time to start doing things for myself and thinking for myself and she just can’t seem to get on board with it.”
The swim to the Big Garden was much longer than the one he and Cas had made to reach the big round rock. But, with their numbers increased, it was far less nerve-wracking. They chattered idly as they covered the distance, mostly talking about what they’d see and do when they reached their destination. Dean and Crowley were the only ones who had ever been there, but it wasn’t hard to find. It was almost a straight line, the water growing steadily more shallow as they progressed.
coming back. I’m gonna go live the life I deserve. I’m gonna have a perfect life and never look back. And I hope you do the same.”
Heading for the guest room that he's been set up in, Dean turns in for the night. It's kind of weird sleeping in a real bed - one that's high off the ground on a frame and pushed against a wall. As he crawls in and prepares to try and sleep, he can hear his brother down the hall reading a bedtime story to his kids. His heart fissures a little when he hears Sam bid them goodnight and tell them that angels are watching over them.
Working to control his shaky voice and hold back the tears that threatened to fall, Dean looked over at the other Mary. “And what do I call you?” he barked at her. He hadn’t meant it to sound so harsh, but his throat was constricted with emotion and it lent a rough quality to his voice.
“Ya know, Cas, that’s tempting. But I don’t know if I could do it. I mean, if some asshole had done to me what I did to you? I’d punch that motherfucker. I don’t think I’d be able to take all the shit.”
“Hey, a little help here?” Dean called after his brother. He and Cas managed to walk closer, but just barely. It wasn’t a three legged race yet, but it was definitely close.
Ten minutes later, Dean was still grumbling every insult for his brother that he could think of as he walked back to the Impala wearing a now-extra-loose pair of sweatpants and a baggy T-shirt, all (hopefully) hidden by an overly large jacket, topped off with a pair of flip flops twice the size of his new feet, which only seemed to add injury to insult. It took another fifteen minutes in the store's parking lot before he could psych himself up into going in.
Crowley blew Dean a kiss. “You’ll change your mind eventually, Winchester,” he said in the most obviously flirting voice he could muster.
Pulling away for a desperate breath, Dean glared at the man in front of him. "I really fucking hate you right now," he muttered, his attention mostly focused on that damn tricky belt that the damn tricky angel always insisted on wearing.
“Boxer brief,” Dean finished for him, lowering the box to the floor as they wore identical expressions of what the fuck.
Dean used the excuse of Cas having to walk right behind him to get out of having to carry their stuff in, but once the time had come for research, no matter how close the angel was, Dean couldn’t beg out of it. And since Sam kept giving him knowing, or at least guessing really good, looks, the hunter couldn’t even show how comfortable he felt with Cas’ chair pulled up so close to his.
Sam couldn't stop the snort that came out, but at the deadly look Dean threw him, it was the only one. "Sorry," he muttered quickly. "But it's just…" He clamped his lips together so he wouldn't piss off his new sister further.
“I bet you’re really strong, too,” Dean continued, because he really didn’t want to go back to the cricket version of elevator music. “The kinda strong where you could just hold a guy up, I mean a girl,” Dean stumbled over his words but he was most of the way there, so let’s ignore that little Freudian slip, now shall we? “Where you could just hold a girl up, do anything you wanted to with her.” Fast save, Winchester. Right?
"The feeling is mutual, Dean," Cas replied, struggling to get out of his dress shoes and regretting his, and Jimmy's, choice of clothing the entire time. Then a shoelace snapped, and Cas gracefully, in comparison to the shoes, slipped out of his socks, knowing that sex with socks on was one of Dean's biggest turn offs.
A week later, the latest pair was beautiful pale purple that was almost white, with little swirls in the design, that it took everything in Castiel to not outwardly react to. The dark green pair, which from the shape of it could only be a thong, had Castiel needing to loosen control of his vessel for a moment, and the peach colored pair, which was only a border for the ivory satin underneath that just barely showed, ended with Castiel dropping the bottle of beer Dean had given him a few minutes ago, causing a distraction that went on long enough for him to readjust himself and will his libido down. It was such a new experience, this sexual desire, that Castiel had actually had to practice to be able to do that.
“I…” Cas mumbled, staring down at his hands as if he hadn’t realized what he was doing until right now.
Crowley chuckled. “Of course I have nothing against the angel,” he said, sounding like he was winding up for one of the biggest bluffs of his demonic life. “I just miss hanging out with my friend,” he said, trying to look accidentally vulnerable, a look that he was not very good at faking apparently.
Once again Dean was startled, only by a hand this time. Cas’ hand. The same Cas whose lovingly drawn portrait was staring up at them. “Umm…” Dean had absolutely no clue what you were supposed to do in a situation like this, though his instincts told him to grab the pad and run for it.
Gasp. Whine. Whimper. Whispered, "Dean," drawn out. A hiss when Dean found just the right spot. Mangled syllables, some maybe intended as words, but all intended as impossible to describe sensations.
The two new friends bonded over more than just their children and their parental similarities. Dean would get his younger brother Sam, or his best friend Charlie, to babysit all three kids every so often, so that the two could go out and do things like normal adults got to, like see movies, go to the occasional bar (always Dean’s favorite, a place called The Roadhouse that also served incredible burgers), mostly just the kinds of things you can’t really do with a baby, a toddler, and a kindergartner in tow, all of which tended to be quite loud when in public when not currently being placated. With Dean’s car, as opposed to Castiel’s bus pass, they were even able to go places that weren’t within walking distance, which Castiel definitely appreciated, and not just for grocery shopping.
She handed the plate back to the confused angel, and when he just stared at her, she mimed eating. “Try some, I’m sure you’ll love it,” Mrs. Butters told him when he still didn’t eat.
"Then you were watching wrong," Dean growled, the threat in his voice having scared far greater beings than the angel in front of him many times.
Sam and Charlie stared at the door, still slightly in shock over the insanity that they just watched, and unfortunately heard.
“Dean,” Dean replied, and they shook hands. Castiel had to force himself to let go of Dean’s hand, because it felt so strong and powerful in his. He was apparently a lot more attracted than he’d thought. Probably not a good idea, since Dean was a complete stranger who obviously had a family of his own.
Dean laughed as well. “They should just be thankful we didn't have any bananas in the house that day!”
“I had to remake almost every part of your body, Dean,” Castiel explained. “And I had to do it by using what I could from your soul. Everything that you were, and are, and could be was stored in there, and I had to dig very deeply to find everything I needed to know.”
“Fucking, fuck…” Dean was holding his hand, a spilled baking pan and a ruined pie scattered on the floor next to him. “Fuck, that stung.”
"Like," Dean snapped back. "Specific parts don't matter, damn it! And since when does everything ever have to be plausible?" By now, the two were only inches away from each other, Dean poking Cas in the chest every time he made another point. "They're still one of the best movie trilogies ever!" He sneered at the angel, his posture and movements mimicking what Cas' wings would've been doing.
The line of conversation was cut short as Sam brought in the turkey, staggering a little at the sheer weight of the bird. There was actual literal “ooh”ing and “ahh”ing in at how it had turned out, and it was with great pride that Dean made the first cuts into the perfectly browned flesh. The perfection was cut short rather quickly, though, when Cas politely declined a serving of turkey, or any food for that matter, that Mrs. Butters offered him.
At the same time, Dean could feel the tensing up that could only mean one thing. Smiling on the inside, since his mouth was currently too busy to spare the lip movement, Dean went for the grand finale, speeding up even more, adding in random pressures to destroy Cas' brain cells as he let the angel facefuck him. Seconds before Cas started to come, he screamed Dean's name, then lost all coherence as he shouted his orgasm, his voice tinged with just the slightest hint of angelic power. As Dean swallowed and swallowed, greedy for everything that Cas could give him, the noises Cas was making made him feel as much as Cas if not more.
“I got nuthin’,” admitted Dean. “I mean, you’re right. I’ve been thinkin’ on it all night. But I’m no closer to a plan now than I was when before I came to you… back when my plan was to rob a bank and buy his contract.” Dean was surprised to feel himself chuckle at the thought. It was strange to find any humor in the situation, but there it was. The humor was in his previous naivety.
“Welcome back little buddy,” teased Meg, making a show of watching his dick grow while she fumbled her keycard into the reader. “You’ve got some work to do in the morning,” she wheedled, her voice taking on the same sickening sweetness that a mother might use as she baby-talked to a toddler. Then, her eyes grew steely and defiant as she looked back up Dean and added, “but that’s a long time from now, isn’t it Dean?”
"There was an Indiana Jones triple feature at the movie theater in town," Sam explained, still not used to this ever repeating cycle. Fight, loud sex, then sweet and lovey dovey afterwards. It just made no sense to him.
Pushing his now properly undressed fiance over to the bed, Dean lightly shoved Cas onto the mattress and growled his primal triumph. “And now,” he promised silkily, “I’m gonna destroy you.”
“We have to wait our turn, Claire,” Castiel reminded her, patting her on the head in hopes that for once she would listen.
Curiosity drove the angel to research lace underclothing when he was once again alone. He found hundreds of thousands of websites with lacy female undergarments for sale, or conventionally attractive female models wearing the lacy bras and panties. He found many, many more sites with the pictures and videos of what Dean called porn, but even with those, it was mostly the females wearing the lace. Most of the videos, he just skimmed through, actually using them for research purposes only. But a few videos caught his eye, as well as a couple pictures, of men wearing the lacy panties that were mostly marketed to women, and he couldn’t help but stare in wonder. If that was what Dean looked like underneath all his hunter regalia…
“Sam needs us to burn this body as soon as possible, because he can only keep that ghost away from those schoolchildren for so long,” Cas once again reminded Dean. He’d been digging at this damn grave for ten minutes already, and it felt like he was barely getting anywhere with it.
“I would’ve loved to have been your friend, man,” Dean responded immediately, finally all caught up and actually a little amazed. “You totally should’ve said something.”
Cas placed a reverent kiss on the top of Dean’s head. “We have it now, at least. And we have it forever.”
Dean, without even thinking, responded with his usual response to Cas calling him a pet name. “Yeah, babe?”
Dean gawked for a few moments at what Cas had just said. “Intimidating?” Dean asked, while the rest of his brain was catching up.
Dean let out a snort of laughter. “Figured you were a virgin, but I didn’t realize it was this bad.” He stopped moving, until Castiel stopped as well. The angel hoped this wasn’t the end of their sexual encounter. Thankfully, Dean went through only a quick description of how anal sex actually worked in the real world before he was writhing in the seat as they both worked him open.
“Damn straight I wanna go out on a date with you,” Dean said, a little too loudly. Everyone turned to look at them, causing both men to turn into bright red neon lights of embarrassment. They both giggled and looked away, trying to avoid any further attention. “I’ll call you tonight,” Dean said as soon as it seemed they weren’t the craft fair soap opera anymore.
They struggled against each other, still fighting for control as they slid slowly towards the bedroom. Dean won enough times that he was pushing Cas against the wall for a few moments here and there, but only won by use of subterfuge and a clever hand that found its way past Cas' belt and grabbed a perfectly sculpted ass cheek for all it was worth. Dean considered it a further victory when he was the one pushing Cas through the formerly closed door of his bedroom.
"Love you, Cas," Dean managed to fit in between the slow kisses, and Netflix finally came back into play as the two went back to cuddling, though they were only half paying attention at best now.
Dean sat up, startled, when he heard someone knocking at his open door. He took his headphones off before glancing up to see who it was. He was startled again when he saw that it was the exact angel he’d been thinking about the last hour or so, while he listened to his music in bed. At least he hadn’t fallen off the bed, he realized, when he saw close he had been to doing it.
Dean laughed as he put a plate in front of the angel. “I was gonna say the food, but yeah, the pie’s the best part of the best part.”
Dean’s eyes immediately went wider than he’d’ve even thought possible. “You didn’t,” he hissed at Sam. The noise of the door opening had Dean jumping out of the chair. “No way, Sammy, no way,” he growled, turning around to make a break for it.
“Oh, you haven’t bought him a collar yet, then?” Crowley asked snidely. “I have a few you could borrow for now, if you’d like. Juliet outgrew her last one a few months ago. It has ‘Baby Girl’ written in rhinestones and everything.”
Dean jumped when the angel put a hand on his shoulder, he’d been paying so little attention to anything outside of his head. He could feel that blush covering his face as he looked up. He grumbled up at the normally shorter than him angel, without even bothering to make any of the grumbles actual words. It conveyed everything he didn’t want to say, though, so he didn’t bother trying again. All those words, the ones that would properly describe what and how he was feeling right now could just fuck off forever, as far as Dean cared.
Dean grabbed the box from the counter where Castiel had set it down, and handed it to the red head, before rushing back over to the oven to make sure the homemade pizzas hadn’t burned while he’d been so distracted.
“Only next time, we need to make sure Sam is definitely gone first,” Cas pointed out, always the voice of reason.
Cas smiled, looking wicked, and Dean had never wanted anything so much in his life. Then before the hunter could do anything else, Cas’ mouth was on his, nipping, teasing, biting, and muffling the moans that Dean couldn’t help but let out.
“Make sure to leave a hand print in the fogged up window,” Dean pointed out. “He loved that stupid movie, and maybe this’ll ruin it for him.”
Castiel tilted his head in confusion, but walked over to the model anyway. Dean's eyes widened when he stepped out from the darkness surrounding the camera set up from this side, and Castiel could definitely hear the model whisper "Damn…"
Cas chuckled again. “Yeah, I’ll talk to you tonight, Dean.” They awkwardly waved before Dean was finally dragged away by his brother.
Taking the look of interest in Dean’s eyes as a good sign, Castiel stepped forward. “Just as all the other pairs were,” he said softly, giving his own lips a quick taste without realizing it.
Castiel was struck silent for a moment. How was Dean this beyond perfect? "Thanks," he managed to say, blushing as hard as the model by now.
Sam reappeared, looking sheepish and carrying one of their easier spell books. “I’m really sorry,” he said glumly as he reached the CasDean bundle. “I didn’t know it’d do this.”
By the time people started to come in and wander around the booths, he was in full artist mode. He noticed out of the corner of his eye that people were browsing his stuff, but he only glanced up when actually spoken to. He’d made three sales in just the first fifteen minutes, only one of them being an oohing and ahhing friend of Eileen’s. As much as he hated to admit it, the kitsch sold, and sold well.
They jumped apart a few moments later, only because they could hear the Impala’s horn honking all the way from the street.
The reality of the situation only hit about an hour after they started researching. “Fuck,” Dean muttered under his breath. “Cas, I hate to say this, but I gotta go to the bathroom.” Dean grimaced, trying to show his friend that he had really tried to avoid this.
“What? You were the one who didn’t want to be here, so you shouldn’t be grumpy that it’s almost over,” Sam complained as he started to take down the booth. “Looks like you did a really good job, though,” he said, packing up the few pieces that were left. He hefted up the mostly empty boxes, heading towards the parking lot. “You get the last few bits, and I’ll meet you at the car, okay?”
They never made it to the motel, but they did stop once on the side of the road. Then again at a lightly forested area right off the road. Then a park where that poor bench will never be the same again. And one last time right before the bunker held against the Impala. Dean didn’t know how exactly he managed to survive it, but he was definitely going to have to kick Sammy out for a few days or so. Because holy shit, Cas was insatiable and had the stamina to match. Maybe he wasn't going to survive after all. He would be just fine with his tombstone saying ‘Fucked to death by the hottest angel dom in existence.’ Yep, that’d work just fine.
Dean started to slide down Cas' body, tugging at the drawstring on the angel's pants as he went. He could hear Cas making the nervous noises that he did whenever he felt like he was being too greedy, but Dean knew better on this and thus ignored them.
Castiel glanced over, confused. “How’s he going to ‘destroy’ me?” He even went so far as to use air quotes. They could work together for decades before he would actually understand even half of the jokes she made, though. He tilted his head slightly as he waited for an answer.
Cas didn’t turn around to look up at him, but he did stop digging. “Is that what you want me to do, Dean?”
When Dean, now a fair bit richer than yesterday, finally had the chance to breathe, he grabbed his sketchpad again. Turning to a blank page, he started to sketch Cas. Not in some creepy stalker way or anything, he just thought the guy was worth drawing. The fact that this gave him the excuse to covertly glance over at the other man’s table often was a just a happy coincidence. Yep. Coincidence.
Castiel laughed at the mental image. “Agreed, because I’m rather possessive of that ass. I claimed it, and it’s mine. And you know how bad I am at sharing.” He raised a single eyebrow at Dean, what his fiance had always referred to as his ‘dom brow’, and felt proud of himself when Dean still blushed just as deeply as he always did.
“Stomachache,” Dean grumbled. “I could eat twice this much candy when I was little, but now I’m halfway into a freaking sugar coma.” He moaned again, only this time it was over-dramatized for a more comedic effect.
His old classmates, some he recognized but most he didn’t, milled around the punch bowl having random little conversations, but that was pretty much it. Yeah, he hadn’t been expecting some high school soap opera dramatics or anything, that stuff he knew only happened in movies. But at least there should be music or something, right? Or giving out pointless plastic awards for
This was probably the first time since before puberty hit that he hated looking at boobs, and Dean almost prayed that they'd find a cure fast. He made sure to not actually pray, though, since those dicks with wings didn't need to know about his current humiliation. Especially Cas. He would never live it down if Cas knew about this. If Cas laughed at him, he'd just die… or, err… it would suck. Great, now the girly bits were getting to his brain, too. Were the aggravatingly poke-y bras not enough suffering?
Sam let out an amused snort at his brother’s never ending pie addiction. “I’m not reading it, I’m doing the crossword puzzle.” He held up his pen to illustrate.
“No, I am not okay, Cas!” Dean shouted, no longer caring how he probably looked right now, like some girl dressed in guy’s clothing throwing a prissy little temper tantrum. “I am the exact opposite of okay right now!” Had he been in more of a thinking kind of way, he’d’ve been glad he didn’t go full hissy fit and stomp his foot.
It had been the same thing every so often in the last three months, ever since Dean had finally got over his emotional insecurities and confessed to Castiel that he was in love with him. Crowley had been flirting with Dean more than ever since the Mark of Cain had turned him into a Knight of Hell, and the demon was very good at ignoring every single stop sign Dean or Castiel threw his way. Only Dean had gone back to being oblivious once he and Castiel had started dating, so it was up to the angel to protect his territory, so to speak.
“I haven’t seen a horse in years,” marvels Jessica, “Not since my mom was alive and we still lived at the farm.”
“Me too,” agreed Sam, pushing back from the table and turning to follow Dean. “But I’ll take mine without the hunter’s helper.”
In desperation, Dean fumbled his hand between their bodies and took himself in hand. He’d been leaking so heavily from the tip that stroking was easy. Closing in on his climax, Dean began jacking himself heavily, riding high on euphoria and racing toward his end. Between labored breaths, Dean called out, “M’gonna… Cas, I’m gonna… I’m gonna...
Here, near the sight they’d come to see, the Attendants and Guardians took a moment to gather everyone in and explain how things would work. Everyone, it seemed, was going to be staying in this area, designated by a perimeter of Guardians. They were free to explore within their boundary as they waited for their turn for lava viewing, which would be done in small groups. The nursing mothers settled in to let their babies suckle and those with Weanlings were busy keeping them occupied. The rest of them, Dean and his friends included, settled for swimming around to look at the various formations in this area that had been created by the creeping lava.
“It ain't the shot that did ya in buddy,” Dean chastised, “it was the four or five you’ve had since then.”
“Sex on this swing might be out the question,” admits Cas, “but that doesn’t mean you can’t fuck me tonight.”
“There’s no music, Dean. That’s what burlesque is.” Dean loved the way Cas threw sarcasm back at him, teased him. He was a bit rough around the edges and that’s what Dean liked. Respected.
Never once had Dean permitted himself to imagine either he or his brother retiring from hunting. But this, Sam and Eileen’s vision for the bunker’s future, was uplifting in an unexpected way. His brother would be as retired as a hunter could ever hope to be… he wouldn’t be on the road anymore. But, he wouldn’t be out of the life either. He’d be using his natural skills in academia to better the lives of those who were still in the thick of things. He’d also be helping build a stronger network for hunters across the country.
It wasn’t just about getting his rocks off either. He could do that for free with any number of women, anytime he wanted. But, to be here was to be among others who felt like he did… to be accepted for what he was by those around him… to feel the hands of a man slide over his body in a sexual way… and to not  feel shame for the things he wanted to do and say and feel.
“We better start getting back,” Garth suggested when the water had grown still again. “We’ll have to get back to our resting places and hide nearby until the Singer passes. Then we can enter as if we’ve arrived with the others.
“I think I’ll go with the liquid lunch,” he chuckled, only half kidding. However tempting it might’ve been to order a fat plate of beef nachos, that would be foolish. Regardless of the change in circumstances, the dynamics of his relationship with Ron were no different. This man had spent a fair amount of money on him today and when they got back to his place, Dean would have to reciprocate that.
Dean looked around, hopeful that no one would chime in with anything else to discuss. He was eager to swim off with his friends where everyone would want to congratulate him on becoming a big brother.
With that in mind, Dean got up carefully from the bed, not disturbing Jim. He intended to use the bathroom, maybe wash up a bit while he was in there, and then quietly pick up his clothes which were scattered around Jimmy’s room.
“Y-Yes,” he forced out, instinctively pulling away from the hand she tried to lay on his shoulder in reassurance. She tipped her head gently, a soft acknowledgment that she understood he did not wish to be comforted.
“Yes, missing. His name is Gabriel. Actually, I reconnected with him a few years back. Do you remember when I went to New York?”
Cas is gone and has already been given his final farewell. Dean had stood with him too, longer than he’d stayed with his father or Bobby or Charlie or any other hunter he’d ever paid final respects to. For Castiel, angel of the Lord, he’d stood all night and half of the next morning just keeping vigil as Cas’s vessel had burned to ash. Dean hadn’t stepped away from the smoldering remains of their funeral pyre until Sam had forcefully pulled him away, insisting that they were out of time… that Jack already had one mother of a head start and they simply couldn’t stay any longer.
“Well, if you’re up for it,” howled Jimmy, slapping Dean on the back. “But you’re gonna have to clear a lot of cobwebs first. I bet it’s been decades.”
With his head swimming, Dean tried to gather his thoughts and not lose heart. That’s when he suddenly realized that he had no idea where Cas was. Turning frantically to scan his eyes around the tent, Dean located his friend. He was squirming, trying in vain to free himself from the many arms that held him back. Jim and John were also detained, held against their will on the periphery while the demon bartered with Sam and Ruby. For a brief moment, Dean felt a glimmer of hope as he watched his father extricate a knife from his boot. But then, in the same breath, hope fizzled as he watched his dad lose the weapon to the cartoonishly gloved hands of a clown. With that, despair settled in; they were outnumbered and overwhelmed. A frigid chill rolled up his spine as Dean’s gaze locked with Castiel through the mayhem.  They were losing, and they both knew it.  Dean had to look away from Cas.
Though he clearly feels compelled to disagree, Castiel silences his protest before the kid can give shape to a single word. “We’re here,” he says, pulling into the parking lot of a familiar tourist trap near the state border. They’ve been here before, several times actually, always on their way to or from some vacation or camping trip.
first time he’d be doing it without wishing he was doing it to someone else. Extracting his fingers from Cas, he dumped more oil into his hand and then set the bottle to the floor. Rising up off the mattress, Dean wrapped his hands around his own dick, spreading oil over it and moaning in pleasure as he finally began to stroke. Running his hands over his shaft eased some of the pressure that had been relentlessly building there. His tip had been leaking for a long time and a thin string of jizz dangled from the head of his cock. Holding himself firmly in hand, Dean maneuvered to sink down on the bed, lining up his shaft with Cas’ waiting entrance.
Kaia’s car is nice, almost as nice as his dad’s, and she plays trap music way to loud. When they pull into the little gas station on the corner, she leaves it running with the music blaring while she and Claire slide out. The two head inside, Claire turning to walk backwards for a few steps as she beckons him to follow with her eyes. Begrudgingly, he does. He grabs a Three Musketeers bar in the candy aisle while the girls linger at the cold case to choose drinks and after they’ve paid, the three climb back into the car.
Something about her tone rubbed Dean the wrong way, and he didn’t like the way she was looking at Cas.
Empty as his belly was, liquid entering it brought a feeling of expansion to his abdomen. Two ounces wasn’t much, and in a few short moments, the bottle was dry and his sucking brought strange clucking noises from it. Meg smirked as she began to pull it away from him, but Dean held to it obstinately by the sheer power of his mouth’s suction. Staring at her coldly, he held firm and enjoyed the displeasure on her face as she worked to wrench it away from him.
Even as a viewer, Dean would find himself relaxing during the interim and then coming back stronger afterwards. The doctor was smooth. The doctor was incredible. And, more than anything, Dean wanted to be at the mercy of this man, if even just once in his life. Imagining himself bound and expertly attended to was quickly becoming an unhealthy fixation.
“Well, c’mon then. Or, did you want to stay here…” a wide grin spread of Jimmy’s face and his tone grew teasing as he said, “Hey man, I don’t judge. If you’re secretly enjoying this and want to stay… I’m cool with it. You can even get up there if you want. Sing a nice duet with one of the girls? Your secret’s safe with me Winchester.”
“Well, there ain’t no titty bars,” chuckled Benny, “but there’s some good spots to hang out. And, didn’t you say you’re on a road trip or somthin’ like that?”
Trying again, he thinks of bowling. That’d be fun, right? Friends do stuff like that, don’t they? But when he picks up the phone to call, he realizes he’d just be asking Cas out for bowling instead of drinks. It’s so confusing. Dean’s got friends… why is it never weird like this with them?
“So eloquently put, son,” Victor said pointedly. “Now, I know what you’re all thinking. I was your age once. Right now, you boys don’t care about conception or ensuring the survival of our species. You just want to do what feels good. But, if we’re pumping load after load into the wrong hole then we’ve failed. This isn’t just about feeling good. You mermen are going to produce the seed of our next generation. Don’t take it so lightly. I promise that you can be careful and still have your fun. Your time has come, boys. You’re all going to get what you’ve been craving.
Cutting her off, he added, “M’just sayin’, sweetheart, be careful. The handlers here get no action. If I were you, I’d re-think the career path.”
Also, I want to give a little shout out to KittyKat213, Aurora, and WashingtonIrving. Each has kind of made my day at some point since the last chapter was posted. I hope you guys like this update. I'm already pounding out the next one, just FYI :)
“I understand your confusion and frustration,” Cas says cautiously. Seeking to first validate and reassure before delving more deeply into the discussion, he continues without a breath. “And I can certainly see how your personal struggles toward understanding yourself would create a desire to study psychology. The human mind is an intriguing thing.” Jack seems much more animated than he did a few minutes ago, so Cas feels like he’s at least bridged the gap between them. Jack replies eagerly, as though he’d been hoping his father would initiate this exact conversation. Seeing that he doesn’t have to work to keep the discussion going, he begins to relax. It occurs to him that he can later revisit any topics that get missed today and so he tries to just make a mental note when one presents itself. Mostly he just listens and asks questions as Jack moves back and forth between different related topics like spokes on a wheel. The sun is setting in the sky when the boy seems to realize that he’s talked himself in a circle and arrived back at the University of Wisconsin. Just as Cas is exiting the interstate to get gas, the boy grins widely at him and says, “I think I’ve decided, Dad. I think I wanna go to school in Madison.”
Spreading his legs to allow better access, not caring about the mess Cas had left between his legs, Dean took his own wet cock in his hand and began stroking as Cas licked lower and lower, flicking at the bud of his entrance but not really focusing his efforts there.
“No, no, no,” he pleaded, fearing his lover’s fate would be tied to the clowns who now lay in waste around them. Tugging Cas’s lifeless body into his lap, Dean held him close and peppered his face with kisses. “Please,” he whispered between pecks, “Please, God, please… if anyone doesn’t deserve to rot in hell it’s him… please, please, please –
Dean nodded along, knowing it was true. This was the best job he’d ever had and he was paid very well to do it. He owed this man his loyalty and he’d give it. Hell, he’d give more than loyalty. Crowley wasn’t bad to look at and had the swagger of a man blessed with three inches more cock than could ever be needed. Dean would service Crowley fully and fervently if ever given the chance.
Without his equipment, Cas’s naked eye sees the house in far less detail. But it’s still dark. The window where he thought he’d seen something is perfectly still, it’s blinds unmoving. Gaining courage a little bit at a time, he picks up the binoculars and pulls them back to his face. Still keeping low, he checks the windows one by one. Nothing.
When the cucumber slices were removed, Lydia said she was finished with him and called over a handler. He’d had a window of quiet time to figure out his next move, and he’d squandered it. He’d curled up like a dog to lick his wounds after a fight and wasted precious time. As he was escorted to the rec room, Dean was wondering if he’d even be able to perform. He really wasn’t in a good state of mind.
“Yep,” confirmed Dean, patting his back pocket. The heavy rumble of the engine cut through the silence and as they pulled away from the curb John turned on some music. Bad Company.
“I’m putting yes for that one because you already said you feel like shit. Question three… Are you agitated, do you keep moving around?”
Just a few feet away from the boys there was a line of women dancing. They wore colorful dresses that were way too tight and as they worked their way around the stage, they gave the audience a good show. Each lady had a bell shaped skirt and repeatedly flipped it up in time to the music. Under each dress was a sea of petticoats that swirled artfully and promised the occasional peek-a-boo of skin. To accentuate this, the women flaunted about the stage doing high kicks and encouraging every man watching to pray for a quick glimpse at the matching panties beneath.
“Good god in heaven,” Cas moans, his hands dropping from Dean’s head to his own thighs as he comes down. With the completion of his climax, reality quickly begins to return to Castiel. Mr. Winchester also seems to be returning to reality. He shakes his head as though clearing it and then, before Cas can even think to speak, the man is already crawling backwards out of the car. As he gets to his feet, he’s got one hand over his crotch and it’s swollen, his track pants tight in that spot and the shape of him showing obscenely through them.
Just remembering it now brought a smile to his lips. The way Cas had sputtered, mouth agape, completely stunned at what was happening - Dean had loved it. He had also loved the way the man had quickly surrendered to it… to him. The way hands had found their way to his head, fingers threading into his hair as he’d started to really suck; the heavy panting from above him as his stalker breathed both fearfully and lustfully through his acceptance of what was happening to him. Despite both of them knowing that they
In his head, Dean was picturing the faces of monstrous people that he’d single handedly planted six feet under. But to his head shrinker, he replied, “Snakes. Cockroaches. Rats.”
Cas sighs long and deep with his eyes on the tea cup he cradles because he knows the man is right. He then playfully rebukes him saying, “Quit flirting you cheeky bastard.”
“Hands up to answer a question,” Winchester barks, “and when you’ve answered one, you can sit back down.”
The words seared like a hot knife. The accusation cut deep. How could his brother possibly categorize him with John? Did Sam really not see a difference between them? Didn’t this kid realize how much Dean had shouldered for him? How many times he’d interceded to protect him? How hard he worked to keep things as normal as possible? How the things he did were out of love and not selfishness?
Cas looked over at him. The sadness he carried seemed part of him because it had been there even when they’d met as boys. Dean wanted to wipe it away – bring back the smile that he knew was hiding deep down.
“Yes,” he whispered into the water as he gave himself permission to not care whose hand cradled him or whose hungry mouth was now sucking on his neck. Dean swam now with a mysterious rider on his back, a hungry mouth on his skin and eager hands touching him like he’d never been touched before. The more his body responded to the touches, the more he began to enjoy the ritual.
Dean hadn’t even gotten through his eggs when the first cramp hit him. Grimacing, he hunched forward over the table and clenched his eyes shut as he rode it out. Relief only came when he’d filled his diaper.
Cas never looked away. His eyes were intent and focused as he asked, “Do you really want to spend the little bit of time we have, trying to pretend that we can have more?”
“Feel you,” parroted Dean softly as he was again repositioned. On his back again now, face to face with Cas, he smiled as the man came to rest upon him, easing his way between Dean’s spread legs and trapping their swollen cocks between them.
Hot breath tickled over Dean's lower back as his lover crouched over him expectantly. The sound of his man stroking his own cock sent a shiver up Dean's spine and he turned to look over his shoulder. Cas was a sight. In the soft indigo moonlight that flooded their room, Dean could see the fierce line of Castiel's brow, arched wickedly as he readied himself to push himself into Dean.
As it always does, the engine of the black car revs impatiently as it waits for the garage door to come up and then it glides easily inside. Once the door is back down, the neighborhood seems quiet and dark again.
Over the next few weeks, Dean settled easily into this new life he was building. His Baby was running like a dream and the schedule for his two jobs worked out easily. His weekdays were spent at the shop from 8-4:30. And, while there was some fluctuation, the restaurant usually had him starting at 6:00 three or four nights a week. He almost always worked both Friday and Saturday nights, but he didn’t mind in the least. After all, those were the best shifts for tips. Plus, he liked his work friends a lot. They kept the restaurant a fun place, and the crew almost always partied together afterwards.
After school, Cas and Gabe came over to hang out with Sammy. They played shell games again, something Sam could join in while nursing his wounds. Just a few cycles later, Sam returned to school. He was a bit slower than usual, his arm and tail still bound, but he made the most of it. Dean was back into his old routine, but to his surprise, Benny hadn’t completely cut him out. He still swam up and talked to Dean every now and then, and Dean was glad they’d been able to salvage a bit of friendship from their time together. Both were looking forward to their upcoming training as Hunters, and it was this topic that dominated most of their conversations. Well, that and the upcoming mating cycle. Amara had announced it that morning at the Gathering, though with the increasing number of dolphin sightings, most merfolk had known it was coming.
“Fuck,” they both cursed in unison. Dean clenched his eyes against the sound as Benny kicked out angrily at his own bars. Even just his bare foot was enough to rattle the cage. Meg walked away then, presumably to fetch the equipment and another handler to help her force it upon them. There would be an incident report as well, Dean was sure of it.
“She loaded the Impala,” replies Sam. “Filled the trunk with guns and made Aunt Ellen promise to stay and look out for me.”
Lisa and Jo, having finished their cookie platter and restocked the various bowls of chips, turned to the Brit and proceeded to fawn all over him. They complimented his accent and giggled when he referred to their cookies as biscuits. Dean, all the while, was watching Cas. He was really something.
Upon arriving, Dean saw that Claire had indeed shown up to eat a farewell bowl of Camp Chitaqua gruel with him. Heading towards an empty table with his dish in hand, Dean seated himself across from Cas and waited for the young woman to join them.
Dean glanced over at his brother, his hand poised over the bottle of whiskey that sat open on the kitchen counter. “Good,” he grumbled, “we’re ‘bout out anyway.”
It was actually closer to a minute, but Sam finally said the last words and the statue broke itself in half. Dean fell on the ground, not having realized he’d be leaning all his weight on Cas, but he helped Dean up without laughing, unlike Sam.
“I can plant another garden in our new home, Dean,” Castiel explained once again, having had this same conversation over and over again since Dean got hired three months ago. “And we can make new memories in our new home.”
“I feel as if I should warn you away from sending that photo,” Castiel said after Dean had shown the one he’d just now taken. “But if it stops Crowley from doing this any more, I think I’m perfectly fine with it.”
“Fucking with you cuz I’m bored,” Dean admitted. It was mostly true, at least. He’d been crushing on Cas for way too long, but he was too chickenshit to do anything about it because why would a freaking
Dean rolled his eyes, until they ended up staring into Cas’. The angel looked confused again, but he could easily tell it was for something different this time. It wasn’t confusion over a spell or its effects, this was the personal issues brand. “What?” Dean asked, frustrated as all get out by now.
“Why?” Dean asked, wearing that inscrutable expression again. It looked as if he wanted to ask something different, but also didn’t want to ask it. The angel had seen this expression before, especially on Dean, but he still didn’t understand it.
“And there’s a parade, too,” Jack added excitedly. “I almost forgot.” For one of the first times in Dean’s memory, the kid was actually acting like a kid. He’d gladly give up all the pumpkin pie in the world if it meant that Jack got to be happy and normal like this more often.
“You only brought one shovel,” Cas pointed out, making Dean swear under his breath, though Cas still probably heard every word of it with his angelic hearing.
“No,” Cas answered, sounding super serious. When he didn’t say anything else, Dean deflated a little.
There was only a little rough handling before Cas pulled his mouth away, the argument not over yet, not by a long shot. "Fuck you too, Dean," he snarled, before fitting their mouths together and pushing them both into the wall behind Dean. He ground his hips into Dean, the need to dominate, to possess, stronger than ever before.
He rippled his tongue along the bottom of the shaft as he let the air back into his mouth, causing Cas to shiver and let out a sigh. Then Dean flattened his tongue and started to bob his head, paying special attention to the sensitive line on the underside. He sucked back and forth a few times, making sure to have plenty of wetness ready, when he pulled almost off. Instead, he went back to suckling the head. By now, Cas was past words, probably past letters completely, because he was expressing himself in moans and whimpers, sighs and the best kinds of groans. This was Dean's favorite music, but he would never want to share it with anyone.
“So this was all because you were upset that I was dating Cas?” Dean asked, still a step or two behind everybody else. The angel was pretty sure that even the guard demons had figured it out by now, and they never really got past the doorway whenever Dean was here.
Dean pecked Castiel on the cheek. “Yeah, I know, I know. I just feel guilty sometimes, cuz I know how much you loved this place.”
That was why he had hated himself so much when Lucifer had hitched a ride and he hadn’t even noticed. Mind you, his mind was all kinds of foggy from whatever Amara had been doing to him, but it felt like he still had no excuse. He should’ve known. And not just that odd feeling at the back of his mind, either. But when Cas came back, it made it even clearer what he’d always been repressing. He could even pinpoint the exact moment that he realized he’d been in love with the dorky angel for a damn long time: that smile on his face when he walked into the bunker with his mom, that look of the purest joy he had ever seen, just because Dean was alive. That hug, he’d had to be careful with it, because all he could think was “Oh, fuck.”
But thankfully, Dean just gave him a caring and sympathetic smile. “Sounds tough,” he told Castiel, putting a hand on his shoulder and squeezing it lightly in comfort. Then Dean started to dig through a diaper bag hanging from the baby’s stroller and pulled out a pen and paper. “Actually, you seem like you’re probably not a serial killer, so if you need anything, just gimme a call.” He paused for a few moments to scribble down his phone number. “We’ve been here for almost a year now, and I can definitely understand where you’re coming from.” He handed the piece of paper to a stunned Castiel.
Cas continued to look confused for a few more moments, before his eyes widened, proving that he had just realized why Dean was so unhappy about their trip to the restroom. “Oh… I’ll just have to look away,” he suggested, which made Dean blush harder and caused Sam to snort again.
“Then maybe you should take a turn, Mr. Super Angel Stamina,” Dean replied snarkily, getting seriously grumpy by now. But then Cas reached for the shovel, and Dean got to climb out of the barely there hole. “Have at it,” he said, grinning, as he passed the heavy labor to somebody else.
Castiel smiled, even though he knew Dean couldn’t see it. “You’re right about at least ninety percent of the people coming through here,” he reassured the nervous model. “But I won’t tell if you won’t.”
Dean trailed his fingers along Cas’ now smooth thigh. “I think we could work with this,” he said huskily. Was guys with shaved legs a kink? Because if it was, the hunter was pretty sure he had it now. Then his fingers trailed up under the skirt itself. “No underwear, too?” He asked in shock.
Cas visibly calmed himself down before continuing. “I want to protect you, Dean, but you would never let me normally. You’re so sure of yourself, that you don’t think you need it,” he explained.
Dean slumped back down in his chair, his hair already back to covering his face. "Yeah, I know," he said, not bothering to move the newly long strands this time. "If it happened to anybody else, I'd be making jokes too. Especially if it was you, since you already have the hair for it."
Not save, not save, abort mission! Dean’s brain went full blue screen of death for a few moments, trying to process what Cas had just said. Not. A. Save. At. All. “Uhh,” Dean said instead of words. How do you even answer something like that?
Cas was always leaning in closer to Dean, but this spell was taking it to a ridiculous extreme (but at least it ended well).
Dean’s smile faltered, and it made Castiel feel somewhat guilty for not understanding what he was getting at. “I just thought you could try a bunch of different ones out and figure out which ones were your favorite,” he mumbled, making Castiel’s guilt kick him right in the gut.
Dean was now blushing as well, which did things to Castiel’s insides that he didn’t have names for, which was even more impressive when an angel knew every language ever known to mankind as well as all the rest. Or at least, he didn’t know what words to use to describe it. Before he could overthink it, Castiel grabbed Dean’s hand from the table. He was going by instinct now, because it apparently knew more than he did.
Only then did Castiel remember that they'd spent this entire time with Dean in nothing but underwear. "Of course, of course, just lemme," he gestured vaguely to the area behind the camera where he kept his stuff. He rushed over to grab his phone while Dean grabbed his forgotten robe. Castiel handed him his phone, and Dean added his number to the contacts list.
date with a guy who said his favorite opera was Fievel Goes West, and I never hear the end of it,” Castiel grumbled, making sure it was loud enough for her to hear very clearly.
Castiel had been right about being able to finish the shoot in only a few minutes, since Dean handled everything like a seasoned pro. The last click of his shutter reminded him that it'd probably be quite some time before he'd be seeing Dean again, and Castiel couldn't help feeling sad. The initial lust had been replaced by a full on crush, and he knew he'd be missing the model for weeks at the very least.
"I am so sorry about all that, Dean" Castiel said as they both started walking towards the food court on Jo's orders. "I'm a total klutz and should've been watching where I was going, and…"
Sam poked his head into the hallway at the noise. Instead of coming over to help, though, he looked like he yelped before rushing back into the library.
“Hence why there is revenge to be had,” Dean said as he set the first steaming pizza on a hot pad next to the oven. The second one quickly followed, and there was no more discussion of anything pineapple scented or dumb older brother shaped as all three of them tore into the food like they hadn’t eaten in a week. It wasn’t their fault, though, since everybody knew that Dean made the absolute best pizza in the universe.
“You guys can stay the night if you want, since it’s so late,” Dean offered, shooting Castiel a quick glance to tell him that this invitation was entirely of the not sexy variety, only the friend kind.
It took Dean about twenty minutes of searching the usual sites to find a potential mini vampire nest, maybe three vamps tops, that was within easy driving distance from the bunker. It took twice that long to convince both Sam and Cas that he’d be okay to hunt like this. It was only by letting Cas come with him that he was able to get the okay he never would’ve needed if he still had his penis and the rest of his man body. No wonder Jo always got so frustrated when they refused to let her come along on their hunts.
“I really should’ve asked that ten yeas ago,” Dean reprimanded himself, but Cas took hold of his hand and squeezed it.
"Not from what I saw!" Cas shouted into Dean's face. They were both so enraged that they didn't notice their surroundings anymore, including the two people sitting at the command table, watching the whole fight in shock.
Dean sighed in absolute contentment as he stretched out on the bed. It was Heaven, true, so it was obviously going to be super comfortable, but this mattress seemed like it went the extra mile and then some. The sheets shifted underneath him as he shimmied around, trying to find the most perfect spot in the sea of perfection. It only took a few seconds, then he let out another sigh. Everything was just so damn… heavenly.
Again, Castiel was taken off guard as Dean pulled him in for a surprise kiss. It didn’t make it as far as the one in the car did, but they were both still breathless when they parted. “I’m not that gentlemanly,” Dean whispered, which caused Castiel to grin like an idiot. “I’ll go get those blankets now.”
Castiel enjoyed the feeling of Dean's hand on him for a moment before replying. "Eh, I've had worse," came out of his mouth automatically, but it was apparently the right response when Dean started to laugh.
“He looks just like you,” Castiel said, hoping that he was right and the guy was related to the kids. With everybody hiring babysitters and mannys, you could never really tell any more.
“Yeah,” Dean said, finally seeing how this was going now, where it had always been going. “I’d love to date you, Cas.”
“Your soul,” Castiel grunted, his body and Dean’s moving in a rhythm that was bringing them both closer to an edge that the angel had more reason than ever to want. “It was… your soul…” He panted as each thrust brought him closer to that soul. He could feel Dean’s soul now, feel his grace reaching out to it as it reached for him. “From that first glance,” Castiel stuttered out, the pleasure starting to short circuit his brain, but he wanted to get this out first. He wanted Dean to know just what he meant. “I fell in love with you, then, your soul and you,” he finally managed, before losing himself to the frantic movements that were filling his every sense now.
“Yeah, sure,” Dean responded, even though his attention was now on Cas, who was busy himself with probably his last customer of the day. He’d wanted to say goodbye, but he didn’t want to interrupt the sale. It looked like the lady was a big spender, already holding a couple pieces of knitted baby clothing and multiple pairs of gloves. He concentrated on shoving the last few things that Sam hadn’t grabbed into a box, the relatively full cashbox on top, and had the table, which the rec center had provided, completely empty in only a minute or two. When he turned to walk out, his sketchpad slipped to the floor. It fell with the portrait of Cas showing itself to the world, and Dean sighed in annoyance as he reached down to grab it.
"Why do you think I do it so much?" Castiel drawled, reaching for the broken handle that led to the drawer with the lube. He popped the lid, and was about to squeeze some out when Dean grabbed his wrist.
When the door closed, Castiel was about to move over to give Dean a goodnight kiss or three, but he was suddenly struck in the leg by the body of a hyperactive toddler with messy bed hair. “Daddy!” Claire yelled, with Emma following in her wake a few moments later.
The kiss was light, fragile, hesitant. Castiel was sure he’d seen in Dean’s expression what he’d thought he'd seen, but his people skills were still pretty rusty so there was always the chance that Dean would refuse the kiss. But that doubt was squashed almost before it could even begin, as Dean started to kiss back like a drowning man. He pulled the angel closer and deepened the kiss. It tasted of candy bars and chocolate and something that was just purely Dean. This, this was definitely Castiel’s new favorite flavor, and nothing would ever beat it.
Sam looked up from his book, confused. Somebody was knocking on the bunker’s door, when there shouldn’t really be. The only people who knew where this place was either wasn’t expected, or had their own access. He put a piece of paper between the pages to mark his spot, then left the book on his bed. He felt like he’d know if it was an emergency, since the knock didn’t sound frantic, so his curiosity was piqued.
Walking into the designated coffee house at the agreed upon time, Dean had immediately spotted Cas in the back. But, he wasn’t supposed to know what the man looked like. So, rather than boldly walking up to introduce himself, Dean walked to the counter and ordered a drink. The email instructions had said to wear a bright red bow tie so as to be identified. Adorned with the ridiculous thing, Dean waited for his order and then stepped away from the counter with it. It was then that he was approached by Cas who introduced himself as ‘the doctor’ and thanked Dean for coming as he shook his hand.
Grabbing a chunk of ham from the fridge he begins cutting it into cubes and adding that as well.  The skillet is good and ready now, sizzling and popping. Humming to himself as he works, he drizzles a bit of oil over everything and begins tossing it all together. Next he cracks half a dozen eggs into the pan, turning the mixture over and over with a spatula. Removing it from the heat while the eggs are still moist and fluffy, he piles some shredded cheddar on top before covering it with a lid and returning it to the cooling burner. By the time he’s made toast and cleared the counter, the cheese has melted quite nicely.
When a second clown joined the colorful one ahead, Dean noticed the single-mindedness of their movements. It was unmistakable. Both were trained on him and moving to intercept. Finding himself outnumbered, he turned back. Easier to push past one evil clown than two, he thought. But, to his amazement, there were now three clowns barking at his heels. Through creamy makeup and cartoonish frocks, malevolent eyes were set upon him. Adrenaline surged and his heart began racing; panic welled up in him and blurred his mind as he tried to think clearly.
They both huffed a laugh and Dean said, “Look buddy, I know you might not be into the sex stuff and I just want you to know that we don’t have to go there. I mean, I’m a human and you’re an angel. There’s probably rules about that stuff anyway. I’ll just keep my dirty stuff restricted to the shower… I mean, that’s how I always took care of business when I was roomin’ with Sammy on the road all those years. S’not that big of a deal.”
“Oh, Sammy, you’ll have so much fun,” Mary placated as Sam chattered to her about it. Dean was having trouble stifling his laughter. His baby brother rambled on and on about the things he’d be seeing and doing, blissfully unaware that there was anything unusual going on.
When he was able to get his bearings, Dean realized that the haunted house was built like a semi-trailer. Likely, it was simply attached to a truck cab “as is” and driven from one venue to the next. Around the bottom of the trailer was an aluminum ‘skirt’, likely added each time it was parked to hide the wheels under the haunted house. They were inside the skirt now, hidden from all the eyes that had watched them enter.
Nursing beers, both of them continued to watch Lisa, grinning as they checked out her ass when she bent over to put the next round of cookies into the oven.
Dean had thought that this wolf might eventually challenge Cas for power, he’d just never imagined it would happen so soon. He’d also assumed that Cas would hold his ground better. But as he watches his alpha lose footing again, Dean remembers that Cas was actually
Now that they’ve eaten, everyone is back in the truck and Murphy is making the rounds to drop everyone at home. With each stop the vehicle grows less crowded and by the time they turn onto Jack’s street, he is quite comfortable. The music is lower now that it’s just him, Max, Chris, and Chris’s girlfriend, Emily.
“Jack isn’t controlling me, Dean,” Cas was saying, “I can see that now. He may have influenced me through Kelly while still in the womb, but influence is different than control. He shared his vision with me and based on what I saw, I decided to help and protect him any way I could. I promised Kelly before she bore him that I’d care for him and do all I could to keep him from being corrupted by Lucifer. I did that because I felt the purity of his soul. I was wrong to let you convince me that Jack was ill-intentioned. But, because I’ve been successfully manipulated in the past, I believed you when you said it was happening. But now that I’m here with Jack, I can feel him again. Dean, we don’t need to fear him.”
Cas didn’t answer aloud, but Dean could feel the water move as his friend nodded agreement. With one of his arms resting on Cas’ shoulder and the other pulled alongside Cas’ tail, Dean felt his friend give a final push.
“Yeah, it’s more space than an apartment, and it’s already furnished. All I’d have to do is just move my boxes over from your place; I’d be set.”
Dean’s heart was skittering around in his chest and his stomach quivered in delight as he pictured his body tangling together with Jimmy’s. “A slice, huh?” chuckled Dean, stalling for time so he could think. He wanted it to happen, there was no denying it. But, would it be worth ruining a friendship over? Worth having to feel self conscious at work? No, probably not.
Suddenly full, Dean pushed his plate back and breathed out a sigh. Wrapping his fingers around his coffee cup, he settled his gaze there. If he’d met his brother’s eye in this moment, his face might’ve crumbled and that was simply not something he was willing to allow.
“If you did that, does that mean there would be a video online of you all trussed up and naked in a dungeon? Dude, that’s not cool. What if you have kids someday? They’ll see that shit.”
“Ladies and gentlemen. May I have your attention please - there has been an incident on the grounds involving an armed man. Please do not panic. Proceed quickly and safely to the nearest exit. If you see an armed assailant, do not try to interact or intercede. Please allow our security to handle the issue. The police have been called.”
He had no idea if Chuck knew what was happening on Earth. Perhaps he peeked in from time to time, perhaps not. Maybe he and Amara were off somewhere together - smiling and happy as he taught her the art of creation, the joy of making something from nothing. But Dean couldn’t help but acknowledge that if Chuck knew of Jack, he’d probably smile warmly.
"Doubtful," chuckled Cas, kissing Dean's sternum and then sliding his wet tongue all the way down. "I can't seem to get enough," he admitted as he sank down and took Dean's erection into his mouth.
“Um, no,” answered Novak. “It’s just, well, you usually hang up on me when you’re finished talking. I guess I was waiting for that.”
“We’re getting a bigger bed when we move,” Cas said as he handed Dean his brew and turned to put on some music.
“Long enough,” Dean answered, hoping that the man’s time had felt longer than it really was. “I’ve got a question for ya, Ben.”
“What’s to know,” said Cas pointedly. “We’re not entering a relationship, we’re doing a scene. On video.”
Still standing in the kitchen, tethered to the phone on the wall by an actual cord, Dean shook his head no when Novak said, “Meet with me.”
In a blatantly obvious attempt to cheer Dean, Jimmy executed a flawless imitation of Zar’s limey accent and pushed a cookie towards Dean. “Biscuit?” he asked jokingly.
It wasn’t as if the man was going to reward Dean’s resistance by giving up to go home empty-handed and leave Dean to just go on living life as free man, warrants be damned. No way. Not this guy.
Dean had always thought it would be dull to have the same lover every night. But recently he’s started to feel like having someone new every night is getting boring. It’s weird, but true. Maybe it has to do with how people fuck when it’s the first time. Maybe he’s just getting older, and he’s tired of putting so much work into the “pre sex’ part. It’s hard to say, really, what has started this new line of thinking. But honestly, his brother and Jess seem so happy to be monogamous. And Dean’s not stupid, he knows that most of the people who are out at parties and bars aren’t really looking for a one-nighter. They’re looking for what Sam and Jess have. They’re looking for someone to couple with. Maybe they’re on to something.
"The spoils are yours," said Jim, pushing between them and startling Dean out of the trance in which she seemed to have been fixing him. "None of us will deny you material goods," said Pastor Jim in a matter-of-fact voice. "What we care about are the souls. Do you plan to bargain for souls the way your son did?"
Dean watched his father shake off his stupor. He flopped down on the couch when John pushed him away a second time. When Bobby said that he’d take care of it this time, Dean didn’t argue.
But, berating himself for his behavior didn’t seem to help. He’d never been able to stop. He’d slowed down a few times, even cut back drastically for blocks of time. But, inevitably, he always resumed his old ways when someone intrigued him enough. It was sad, really, that even for the sake of his own son he was unable to stop this and put it behind him. He’d die for the boy, without question. So why couldn’t he change his behavior for him?
“Take it easy, brotha,” chuckled Benny, coming to lean on the counter next to Dean. “I just wanted to see if ya got plans for lunch. I’m headin’ over to the diner. Thought I’d see if you wanna come too.”
a turn on for Dean. The memory of Alfie’s begging and pleading had fueled his lusty fantasies for years. But now he could see that scene for what it really was. Punishment. Alfie’s punishment – his torment. Hell, right here on earth.
Maybe it’s instinctive, but for some reason, Dean wants to observe the car without the occupant of that car knowing it. If he walks to the letterbox, he won't just see. He’ll be seen.
Dean whispers softly to his beast in the aftermath while their bodies remain joined, soft words the likes of which he can only seem to say when wrapped in the warmth of afterglow. With its weight still suspended over his back, warm and furry, Dean feels a bitter sadness wash over him when the creatures cock finally shrinks enough to slip out of him. Left empty, he’s yearning for more already and they’ve only just finished.
The three of them groaned loudly in satisfaction as they peeled themselves apart. Dean scuttled over the edge of the table and balanced himself on weak knees. Between his legs he felt hollow, his hole clenching wildly but far too stretched to hold in the spend of three men. Along with his own juices, it spilled out onto the floor in a splattering mess that he almost didn’t want to look at.
Range of motion was measured in inches when his cuffs and collar were anchored to the wall like this. Since he wasn’t physically able to turn around and face his interrogator, that left Dean constantly straining to look over his shoulder in order to see his adversary. Worse still, the man was pacing the room relentlessly this time, which meant that Dean’s neck and shoulders were growing painfully sore from the effort involved in keeping Novak in his sights. A headache was setting in as well, and he earnestly wished there was a clock in sight so he’d know how much longer this session would last. In spite of his physical discomforts, he watched Novak closely for his reaction.
By signing these documents, Dean realized now, he’d basically sold his soul to the brothel. Even if he’d been able to provide the required notice, there were deductions made for half a dozen other missteps he’d be making as he exited, the most heavily penalized being the removal of his funds in their entirety prior to the ‘timely removal’ standards table that was illustrated in section fifty-four. If he left as he’d been hoping to, he’d be leaving with a paltry sum that equated to the kind of cash he used to procure on his knees in a bathroom stall. Bread and peanut butter money - not retirement money.
“Isn’t it customary to wash one’s hands when you’ve urinated?” The hint of a smile hovering at the corners of Castiel’s lips was a dead giveaway that his angel was attempting humor.
“Yeah, that’s fair,” he agreed. “But I’m fuckin’ dyin’ here. How ‘bout you throw me a low level question and when I answer it, you put something in my ass.”
Craning to look over his shoulder, he says, “You’re welcome.” But the kid probably didn’t even hear it. He’s already gone and Cas can hear the distant thumping of his feet ascending the stairs. Smiling, he finishes cleaning up while his mind considers the possibilities for Thanksgiving dinner. Briefly he entertains the idea of volunteering at the homeless shelter a few towns over. He’s heard they need help serving a holiday meal on the day, and it seems like something that would be good for Jack. But he quickly abandons the idea when something better pops to mind. He’ll invite Jody and Claire over to eat with them.
Suddenly, the words, “Earth to Dean,” broke through and Dean realized that several pairs of eyes were glued on him as Jimmy broke out laughing and said, “You hear that annoying beeping sound?”
"But how?" he asked incredulously. "How did anyone ever keep anything secret from him? He had my number the minute I walked into his tent."
Dean nodded agreement as his eyes roved the product of hundreds of photo copies of pagan symbols, writings, and dark things Dean himself had printed from the internet. “The stuff we’re really going to need is on my desk,” said the pastor. “Can you take over shredding the stuff we're not keeping and I’ll go put the rest in order?”
“Thank you. I hope it’s not too presumptuous of me,” said Cas, inclining his head closer as if to proffer a secret, “but I wonder if you might like to stay for a while longer?”
Perhaps the hulking monster had known something that Dean himself had not yet come to understand… what a fucking from this beast would do to a gangly teenage boy.
In the aftermath, they’re both breathing heavily and Dean grimaces as he imagines some of the sounds that might’ve slipped out as he'd fucked Cas for the very first time. Thankfully, all the adults are likely focused on the kids as they try to get them wrangled into bed.
Reality dissolved away as Castiel put Kevin through his paces and Dean forgot about everything on the other side of Cas’s bedroom door. He forgot about the cameraman too, and for a time, he even forgot about Kevin. His eyes were only for one man. Dr. Castiel Novak.
“That’s alright,” sighs Cas, wrapping a towel around his waist. “I’ve to be getting home anyway.” Dean’s not sure if he actually needs to get home to his son, or if he’s just trying to let Dean off the hook for inviting him to stay. To be honest, he hardly cares right now. Absolutely exhausted, all he can think about is getting back to the bed so he can be off his wobbly legs.
Getting to his feet, Dean abandons the half empty glass of amber liquid and kicks his jeans off. Then, with his mind on the neglected hole between his cheeks, Dean comes around to stand behind his recliner. Bending over the back of it, he finds that it easily supports his weight. He grins as he begins to simultaneously tease his hole with one hand while jerking off with other. Able to watch the television as he does both, Dean’s only issue is how uncoordinated he seems to be as he pulls on his shaft. So, yeah, it’s clumsy. But it’s going to get him there.
“Well,” she sighs, taking the burnt down remains of the joint from him, “you would know better than me. But I gotta tell ya, he seems pretty damn straight. Hell, he was engaged all last year. And not to a dude.”
Over the crackle of a shitty network connection, Dean heard his brother’s soft chuckle. “Since when do you do small talk?” challenged Sam.
“Why the hell would I care?” grins Jack. “I wasn’t payin’ attention to the details, man, I was just relieved that he ain’t sendin’ me off to college in that piece-of-shit.”
“Oh, that’s right, you’re as limp as an old man’s pecker for the moment, aren’t ye? Rendered harmless by the power of my hex bag and the little bitty spell that our dear Samuel read. I’m afraid you’re completely vulnerable for a moment... no powers to speak of… not even the power of persuasion.”
Well, that was it… another week of getting away with this huge-ass lie he was living. “Good on me,” he grinned, swinging his legs over the side of the bed and pulling on his robe. Already gnawing at him hungrily, Dean’s belly was his primary motivator at the moment. He headed to the cafeteria, falling in with some friends along the way and staying with them for the afternoon meal. Energized by yesterday’s food and plentiful rest, Dean felt stronger. He carried his own tray and he filled it with everything that looked good. He even had a few drinks as he exchanged stories of recent exploits with the guys, laughing and bragging and joking around.
It wasn’t until the everyone else at the table rose that Dean realized the meal was over. Casting a glance at Cas, Dean could tell that the angel had been reading his mind as he ruminated on things. It was all over his face. When their group exited the building, Cas placed his hand on Dean’s shoulder. It was a gesture the two had long used to communicate solidarity and encouragement. Dean gave his angel a nod of appreciation as he soaked up the reassurance.
Dean halfway sat up again, bracing his elbow on the mattress and using it to hold up his heavy head.
The two head into the restaurant and by-pass the tables in hopes of finding an empty booth along the wall or in the back. They luck out and and slide into one so newly cleaned that it’s top is still wet. Dropping their belongings to claim the table, they turn towards the food. His father stops at the salad bar and begins making a plate, but Jack steps around him and heads straight for the good stuff. Piling his first plate high with several different types of pizza and breadsticks, he then drops his plate at the table before heading back to fill his soda cup. When they’re settled in, they eat in silence for a bit, each checking their phones between bites and then relaxing to enjoy their dinner. Later, when the two of them return to the buffet, Jack dishes himself up a heaping helping of fried chicken with potatoes and gravy. When they’ve both emptied their second plates, they make a final trip to grab dessert pizza and ice-cream before leaving. It’s only then, when they’re stuffed, that they really begin to chat.
Snapping to attention, she hesitated only once before shoving her hand between the bars and going straight for his left nipple. As she brushed the pad of her finger over it, she looked around the room to be sure no one was watching. Dean resumed sucking and stretched languidly as she began rolling his pebbled nub between her fingers.
Dean is a mess now, wet and sticky between his legs, between his cheeks, between his fingers. He’s sweating and panting and doesn’t care how desperate he looks or feels. This is the best he’s ever had and he wants it to last forever.
Looking at Dean with the naked eye, he appears to be relaxed and reading the paper. But, looking at him through the binoculars, Cas can see that he isn’t actually reading at all. Though his head doesn’t move, his eyes are darting around. They track the movement of every insect and every swaying branch. And, yes, they occasionally peek in Cas’s direction too. Dean is hyper aware of everything around him and only pretending to relax. In reality, he’s probably so keyed up that his heart is pounding.
Castiel smiled so hard it made his face hurt, and as its grand finale, his bravery let him lean in and give Dean a kiss. And when Dean kissed back, the finale was completed with tons of fireworks going off in his brain. There were probably enough explosions to make his IQ go down a point or two, but… eh, he could spare them.
“We can go see a movie?” Cas asked, and Dean could tell that he had researched common date destinations by how proud he looked at suggesting one.
Dean yelling at Castiel about his plans with Metatron, after having found the no-longer-angel dead in April's apartment, leads to an accidental confession.
“The last three months,” Castiel added in. He loved this man more than anything else, more than safety, security, more than his own Father even, but he Dean wasn’t always the brightest bulb in the deck when it came to emotions, either his own or the ones directed at him.
“You had so many friends, I didn’t think you’d want to be bothered by some random guy,” Cas replied, looking a little sad at the admission.
Sam snerked loudly, causing Dean to roll his eyes at his immature baby brother. “But you gotta stay close to me,” he said, already blushing in embarrassment.
His name was Dean, and as much as Castiel didn't want to admit it, he'd been minor level stalking the guy for almost a year now. It didn't technically count as stalking, though, since all he did was shop at that particular Hot Topic at least a few times a month, but it kinda felt that way since he was going to see the hottie cashier and not the latest Funko Pops. Though at least his wardrobe had turned out a lot more interesting in the last year, and it was actually all stuff he liked. Dean was responsible for that, too.
“As fun as it is to watch my older brother flirt like an idiot, the car is waiting outside,” Sam interrupted, sounding impatient.
Castiel started nodding, while remembering the month it took him to get his hands on a record player, just so that he could listen to all the albums that Dean had suggested and that he'd, of course, bought. "Yeah, definitely great." Dean's smile, which was obviously real since nobody's customer service faces were that authentic looking, made a little shiver go down Castiel's spine.
“Because I love you, dumb ass,” Dean said, before gasping in shock at what he’d just said. But before Castiel could figure out a response, or really even think, Dean pulled him closer. “Because I love you, Cas,” he said, as if it were a revelation. His face mirrored that revelation, and practically glowed with happiness. “I don’t want you to die cuz I love you, damn it.”
But that was the past. Now, in the present, it took them over an hour to handle the incident. An hour on a dark road in the freezing cold. They called the parents of each kid in the car and accepted the appreciative handshakes afforded them as the wayward teens were collected and taken home. Dean and Benny stood watching from a half-dozen paces as they waited for the last set of parents to leave. Their breath was fog in the ice-cold air and they hunkered down in their heavy coats as the mother walked her daughter to their family car and deposited her in the back seat, lecturing in a shrill voice the entire time. The father, stoic, climbed into the abandoned Buick to drive it away. Dean and Benny both grimaced as they watched him stretch getting into the car, working to avoid his daughter’s puke puddle.
if Cas will be there. If there’s going to be another episode between them, the one thing he doesn’t want is to have planned a scene for them to act out like he’s some bored housewife who’s trying to spice up her sex life. No. He wants it to
Back in his hunting days, Dean had thought of money differently. It had been nothing more than a tool, really, a means of getting things they needed like equipment and ammo, food, lodging, and occasionally medical care. Winchesters got what they needed by any means necessary.
People stay near the city. They scavenge the areas of it that have been deemed safe and when they venture away from it to hunt, they stick primarily to wooded areas. Perhaps they're under the impression that trees offer some degree of protection, or are assuming that game is more plentiful there. But, for whatever reason, human hunters avoid the wide open prairie. Coming miles out from town on open ground like this? It’s unheard of. This is Ware territory. If nothing else, driving this far out would be a waste of gas. No one hunting would walk this far either, simply because transporting the kill would be so challenging on the return journey. From his position on one knee, Dean looks up at his wolf and asks, “We gonna follow it?”
“If you were ever gonna punch me,” he whispered, kneeling back down, “this is when it’s gonna happen. Then, without further delay, he began irrigating the wound with salt water. Without a knife in his wound, Benny had far less incentive to stay still. His body bowed on the bed as though he were being electrocuted. He swore at Dean again and cursed a blue streak in the most colorful cajun Dean had ever heard.
Just as it’s about to happen, an explosion of sound and color overtakes him and the pleasure he’s been building in his body all night long finally bursts from inside him. All at once he feels everything and nothing, sees all the colors and none at all, hears himself cry out in relief and sweet rapture just as he’s plunged into a vacuum of absolute silence.
“You can,” smiled Dean, glancing around again to make sure none of their witnesses were angry witnesses. He hoped no one was calling the management. Or the cops. He'd chosen this location because it seemed hospitable to dark deeds and so far, it had been.
“Look,” he said, trying to move on, “I’m sorry but if you’re tryin’ to give me a pep talk, you can skip it. I appreciate the effort, but I don’t need ya to blow sunshine up my ass. I know exactly what kind of man my father is. If I ever tell him, I need to be ready to lose him.” The words tried to stick in his throat, but he forced them out. Then, with some momentum built up, he was able to tack on a very honest proviso. “If I’m bein’ honest, I have to admit that holidays might be better without him. The guy grabs a bucket of fried chicken for Thanksgiving and passes out on the couch. What’s to miss, right?”
In the short walk from the cashier to his baby in the parking lot, Dean’s mind managed to fill with enticing images of himself enjoying the carnival. The most exciting thought, the one that made his dick twitch in pants, was of Alfie screaming in ecstasy as Dean speared him. He could practically hear the echoes of men moaning and grunting around him and he felt a surge of lust as he imagined himself moving out into that room… seeing the couples around him caught in the throes of passion… and being seen by others as he took down his pants and sank his hard, wet dick into a hot and willing ass.
Claire giggled and leaned in to whisper something to Jack. The conversation fell silent then, everyone more focused on eating than talking. Dean was left thinking of the Grand Canyon and Castiel’s list.
But, of all the faces he’d met that night, the most intriguing was Jimmy. He was one of the more senior waiters on staff, having been there for quite a while. His body was perfection, ideally proportioned with just the right amount of muscle to be shapely but not so much as to appear bulky. With his unruly mop of dark hair, Jimmy made their uniform of plain black slacks and white shirts look damn sexy.
Castiel was an amazing kisser. Dean could do this all night if it weren’t for his middle-aged muscles screaming in discomfort.
Dean snickered as he rolled onto his side to face his lover, bringing their lips together for a lingering goodnight kiss.
"Well, the trick seems to be thinking of other things. When in his presence, I would always focus on mundane details. I'd think about how much I was hoping we'd have hot dogs for dinner that night or how many more rounds I would be making before my break. Thinking about the guests was always an easy way to keep his attention away from me too. Whatever mark I was working, I'd think about the things they'd told me... picture their face in my mind... stuff like that. Sometimes I would just try to figure out how I'd failed with one. Those kind of thoughts never seemed to invite deeper probing from Crowley."
The first bell will be ringing in a few minutes and he’s got a PE class to contend with, but he’d like to get at least one thing done with this little window of time. Hitting the speakerphone button, he listens to his messages and jots down the information before deleting each. One of them is important so he quickly returns the call.
“Or not,” sighed the old man, “I mean, sure, if you walk in there waving your gun around, they’ll be inclined to use force. But ultimately, they’re under Crowley’s control. If you come in quietly and make it known that you’re here to meet with Crowley, it seems likely that they’d simply let you see him. Especially if there are lots of people around.”
Off to the side, he hears Benny hitting and then the two of them are silent for a beat while they both get right. Benny stomps his feet and lets out a loud holler that Dean thinks is a cross between a red-neck howl and a college-girl’s woo-hoo. They look at each other and grin. Dean’s even more sure now than he was at the bar; Benny’s gonna rock his world tonight.
“Sure,” Jacksays, and if Cas hadn’t noticed the boy’s posture relaxing beside him in the car, he certainly would’ve noticed the light-hearted tone in his voice. “The reason I started looking into it was because I realized that I didn’t even understand
Dean nodded a begrudging agreement before shooting his whiskey. It burned in a pleasant way as it made its way down. “One more,” he husked through gritted teeth as he clunked his empty glass down on the bar.
“As your pastor,” answered Jim, “I am meant to be the visible hand of God that reaches out to you. I’m not just here to read you a sermon on Sundays. I’m here to show you God’s love for you. He does love you Dean, and so do I.”
He gives his address when asked and tells her which direction the car drove off in. By the time his call ends, Dean has decided to be more vigilant in the future. He’s gotten quite comfortable over the years, living in this picturesque town where big city crime is so conspicuously absent. It’s time, he thinks. Time to start locking his doors and closing his curtains, keeping an eye on the cars that park nearby and maybe even setting up a neighborhood watch.
Wondering about the size and shape of his angels member was probably sacrilege of the worst kind. In fact, he’d processed a lot of shame over the years; feeling guilty over his lustful imaginings about a creature who wasn’t even the same species and was, by his own nature, pure and holy. These days, however, Dean had long gotten over the stigma and had learned to simply bite his lip when he came. Doing so kept him from accidentally uttering Cas’s name which was always on his lips at the moment of his release. The last thing he needed was to have Cas hear his pleasure-filled moan and think Dean’s whisper to be a prayer which, yeah, it kind of was, but still...
“It is,” smiles Cas as he walks around to the driver’s side of the Lincoln. “My father said that I should have something sturdy for my first car… that I was likely to wreck it and he wanted lots of metal between me and whatever I crashed into.”
He and his dad don’t say much to each other as they go about their work. Jack is listening to music and his father is fully focused on the felines. He talks to each one as he fills their dishes. He pets those that want love and speaks softly to them, carefully avoiding physical contact with the cats who appear uncomfortable with human touch. It’s impossible not to love his father in moments like this, when his more formal exterior falls away to reveal the sweetness at his core.
Dean felt a smile tugging at his lips and he hated it. He wanted to be James Dean again. That thought alone sent him over the edge and into a fit of laughter.
“The truth is, it could be either. In reality, anal sex isn’t portrayed very accurately in porn and that gives people a lot of unrealistic expectations. First and foremost, I’ll tell you this… if the idea of pulling out a brown dick is gross to you - then don’t stick it in there. Period. Anal sex can be messy. In fact, most sex is messy in one way or another. But, I will give you guys some pointers because the first go-round of that can head south real quick. First and foremost, go slow. Second, use lots and lots of lube. Start out planning to use way too much lube… and then use twice that much.
Now that they were focused on each other rather than on the portal nearby, the two began to orient their bodies so they’d each have a view over the other’s shoulder. Better to watch one another’s backs. But, just as they settled into position, there was a bright flare of light from the portal. Shielding his eyes from it with his arm, Dean squinted into the light.
The next morning, Dean coasted into the parking lot of the Fiesta. Looking around the lot he was relieved to see Benny’s POS truck. He walked into the diner, greeting Elizabeth as he passed her, and then sat down at Benny’s booth.
In the space of a heartbeat, the sharp teeth are gone from Dean’s neck and relocated near the small of his back. He feels the moist nose, the whiskers, and then a scrape of teeth. Then there’s a violent tug. Dean’s body jerks like a rag doll and is shaken. Dear god, the wolf has Dean’s jeans between his teeth and he’s hell bent on ripping them off. He’s growling like a rabid dog and, again, Dean feels his ass end being lifted from the ground, his weight tossed around like it’s nothing.
He watched those hands closely, the way they molded themselves perfectly to the shape of a man’s cock before they even slid down over it, the way they seemed to know exactly when to pull away, and the way they waited on the sidelines, poised to return, ready to deliver sensual pleasure and then deny a climax the moment it threatened to present itself. His friends were right, it had been weeks since Dean had been laid. But honestly, he’d never been more sexually fulfilled.
Dean hadn’t realized until this very moment how much he’d missed Gabe’s stupid wisecracks and rowdy behavior.
Crowley had a constipated look on his face as he addressed his horde. “Out. All of you. I’m in the middle of something.”
Cas was looking at him as though he was a school science project. “Is that pineapple?” Dean asked, inquiring about the smoothie he’d just been given.
Dean had to work to keep from rolling his eyes. With a labored sigh he said, “Maybe you should go have another look.” Then, tipping his chin to indicate his bound hands, Dean added, “I’ll just wait here.”
Cas didn't slide his fingers in and out, but he wasn't still. He milked Dean from the inside, stroking that place at his core – the place that rumbled to life like an old Chevy. From deep within, that rumble evolved into a purr and created a warm buzzing in the lower half of his body. While Cas suckled his cock, Dean's groin was warming, orgasm teasing at him, promising him that it was close.
Feeling his gag reflex kick in, Dean’s body shivered in delight. Working up and down quite slowly, he teased it until he started feeling the thick saliva from his throat ease the way. Then, mostly to show off his skills, Dean stretched his neck and locked his jaw to open himself. Allowing that huge cock to spread his throat wide was marginally painful and undeniably exciting. Feeling Benny’s heavy hand come to rest on his head sent a bolt of electricity down his spine and suddenly Dean was aware of his own cock, still curled a bit in his jeans with no room to unfold as it grew hard. Lifting himself again, Dean backed off of Benny’s cock and licked the tip while he wrestled with his own zipper and tried to free himself.
Dean’s calloused hand began rubbing slow circles over his cheek and Cas began to relax, content now that Dean seemed to be accepting what was being offered to him.
“Sounds great,” he says, even if a cold beer would’ve been far more to his liking. Trading his tool for the cup, he takes an ambitious swallow and grimaces as the sour, acidic flavor hits his tongue. “Isn’t there supposed to be sugar in that?” he goads. He's only half kidding.
He didn’t speak a word as he arranged his body into a prone position over Dean’s knees and braced himself… hoping that Dean would indulge him in just a bit more naughty boy fun before actually removing his pants, shirt and silvery vest.
“Well Dean, as I mentioned before, sometimes getting something is the quickest way to see that you don’t really want it.”
The later it got, the wilder the party seemed to get. The circles of civilized conversation that had dominated the scene when Dean had arrived were a distant memory now. Raucous laughter and loud storytelling had become a noisy backdrop that competed with the music, which seemed to be growing louder and louder as the clock ticked further past midnight. A cloud of smoke now hung over the open areas of the house and near the bathroom, it mixed with the pungent scent of weed.
"Be glad I like to fly solo," he jokes, "It's the only reason I'm available to be a stand-in for you."
The group stretch and yawn, greet one another warmly with gentle flicks of tongue and touches of nose. Now that there’s some light, Dean gets his first real look around the cave. Clearly this is home for his pack, likely the very place they’d spent the night during the ice storm that had precluded Gordon Walkers demise.
getting to that point with her. But I promise that if she winds up making me sorry I’ve told her something… it will be something of mine and not yours okay?”
Still excited from the sounds he was hearing, Dean’s cock buzzed and even pulsed a few more times before pleading battle fatigue and going soft. Holding the edge of the condom with two fingers, Dean pulled out and tied off the rubber. Keith turned over and began to do up his pants, glancing at Dean once or twice as he put himself together. Dean was buckling his belt when Keith whispered to him, “Holy shit.”
“Oh yeah,” she said absently as she bent to look at his screen, “I heard that a few poly couples had come out.”
As he reaches the bottom of the stairs and pushes through the double doors, he’s greeted by an unexpected sight. His mother. His mother on horseback, waving at the people who’ve gathered here at the call of a warning bell and now openly celebrate her return. Dean pushes through the crowd to reach her and when she catches sight of him, she practically leaps into his arms.
“No shit,” said Dean, also surprised. “I can’t believe I didn’t see you there. Didja get a Mickey shaped pancake?”
Dean crawls in and curls up against the furry chest of his mate. As he settles in, the paw comes back down to rest protectively over his upper body. He’s warm and content, but sleep doesn’t return. Growing restless, Dean stretches and wriggles lower so he can wake up Cas the fun way. Bringing his knee up to the wolf’s groin, Dean uses it to gently apply pressure to the weighty package hidden there. Once, twice, and then a third time he does this, grinning wickedly when the creature orchestrates a languid stretch. It’s a sign that his Ware is agreeable to waking up.
Continuing southward, the drive was pleasant. Benny slept for most of it and Dean, being well rested, had no trouble staying awake for hours upon hours. In fact, he appreciated the time to think. Just as before he picked up his passenger, Dean found that driving had a calming effect on him. It was strange that he’d never really noticed it before. But, life having been so turbulent lately, it was obvious to him now. Maybe it was because he generally preferred at least a minimal level of anesthetization, always preferring to be buzzed rather than sober. The realities of life were simply more acceptable that way. Driving, it would seem, was the one activity that he could engage in while completely sober and still be content.
Peering over his shoulder, he sees Cas giving him a comical look. If his Ware could speak English, he'd likely be saying something along the lines of, “Yeah you fuckwit, it hurts because my teeth are sharp. I tear meat from bones with these fangs and you wanted me to bite you? Idiot.”
As if to give credence to his statement, the man leapt to his feet and lifted his leg in a dramatic fashion as he pushed out a noisy fart. He blasted out two more short ones in quick succession after, kicking his leg with each one and earning a crass laugh from most of the men in the room.
“You’ve been so good to me, Dean, I mean it. You are the best big brother I could have had and I love you.”
“Bullshit. I know you better than that. You’ve got an angle you’re workin’, I know it. And now that I’ve toldja mine, you gotta tell me yours. It’s the only decent thing to do.”
“Well, how am I supposed to just go off and live my life, knowing that I’ve left my dad alone in this shitty little town to just grow old and die?”
Anticipating the act now, he groans aloud and continues sucking off his wolf with reckless abandon. Licking and gasping on a swollen cock as he’s pleasured from behind, Dean doubles the effort to please his mate and his arousal climbs to new heights.  His wild, blue-eyed wolf alternates between swirling motions around his hole and plunging his tongue forcefully into it. Groaning in pleasure as he’s penetrated with a textured tongue, Dean begins to twitch and quiver.
“I’ll keep that in mind,” grinned the companionable stranger, resting his hand on Dean’s shoulder for a second when he stepped out.
“I can’t…” he began, trying to find a starting point. How could he even begin to explain the situation without sounding like a complete lunatic? How could he come to this man of God and tell him that true evil lurked so close, its tendrils wrapping around someone they’d both worked so hard to protect all these years.
When the music queued up, Dean turned his gaze to follow the line of clowns that walked in, single file, and began waving to all the kids. They performed a short routine, basic vaudeville type stuff, and then they danced out of the ring to throngs of laughter. Elephants came in next, also single file. Each used its trunk to hold the tail of the one in front of it. They formed a circle and then a spotlight flared up, highlighting the trainer in the center. He got them to turn circles and bow, pausing for applause. Then he put them through the paces, getting them to stand on their heads, step up on giant overturned buckets, even squirt each other with water from their trunks. Audience laughter swelled to epic heights when, at the trainers signal, the elephants all turned their trunks on the trainer and soaked him too.
Dean steps clear of Castiel and kicks off his boots so he can pull his jeans back on. There’s no need to try and collect the tattered remains of his briefs. As he’s stepping back into his boots, Benny asks if he’d like to be taken home or if he wants to keep partying.
“Once she found out that a Nephilim had opened a door between worlds, she set out to find something referencing that in her library. She stayed at it for days and it took two helpers to keep up with bringing her volumes she asked for and putting away the ones she was done with. It was incredible.”
Waiting for a response isn’t easy. He paces the length of his kitchen, unable to occupy himself with any other task until, finally, the answer comes through…
“He’s getting married. Here. And I don’t even get to throw him a bachelor party. I just thought it would be funny… never even thought about there being a person under the costume or what it would feel like for them.”
In the tense moment that followed, Castiel broke their locked gaze to follow the sound of a sharp whistle which immediately cut through the boisterous activity in the garage. Turning, Dean saw that it was Jimmy who had whistled. He was standing in the doorway to the house and addressing everyone in the garage.
Since that night, Dean had been aware that he was fundamentally different from almost everyone else. He knew there were others like him, but they were few and far between, and they were subject to endless ridicule. Fearful and ashamed, he’d kept this new side of himself a secret. But, there was one person who knew him for what he was. Just one.
The guy was right. He did. After many visits to this tent, Dean could not deny an overwhelming urge to bend forward and welcome a huge, shiny cock between his cheeks. He wanted to feel filled, satisfied, thoroughly fucked. But -
“Oh, me too,” he says sarcastically, watching the way her nose crinkles as she breaks into a giggle. “We could go pick her up,” he adds, “but having a night for just the two of us is easier if we don’t.” He exits the parking lot with care, navigating the empty streets as the two of them chat.
Even as a viewer, Dean would find himself relaxing during the interim and then coming back stronger afterwards. The doctor was smooth. The doctor was incredible. And, more than anything, Dean wanted to be at the mercy of this man, if even just once in his life. Imagining himself bound and expertly attended to was quickly becoming an unhealthy fixation.
Sighing as he puts his phone away, Dean begrudgingly counts the weeks between now and graduation. Once commencement has come and gone, Jack will no longer be his student in any capacity. Then, if he’s still interested in spending some time with the kids father, there will be nothing to stop him from doing so. For now, at least, he’ll just have to keep his desires to himself. And keep checking his windows.
The start of it all, he thinks, had been Benny. Benny was a pup from the very first litter that Dean had been around to help raise. At this point he can't even recall the origins of the name, but it has stuck. Though many wolves had issued a challenge to Cas for leadership rites over the years, Benny had been the first one that Dean had feared might actually win if it came to a fight. He’d watched side-by-side with Cas as the pup had grown, his hunting skills and inclination toward leadership undeniable as he’d matured. Dean had loved little Benny more than any other pup. Maybe because the ware had always treated Dean like a brother, unlike the rest of the pack who seemed to tolerate him as an ally but often left him feeling like nothing more than a tolerated stranger in their midst.
It took a few moments for it to kick in for Sam what that meant, but when it did, he wished he had a gallon of brain bleach. “Oh my god, are you guys…?” He said, feeling more uncomfortable than he had in years, even counting all the embarrassing PDAs that went on non-stop once Dean finally got his head out of his ass and hooked up with Cas.
Dean gasped, rather overly dramatic even coming from him. Then the shock was replaced with seething fury. "You know what, Cas?" Dean said, his voice sounding like a slow and painful death for whoever the words were directed at. "Fuck you." Then he instinctively grabbed the angel's backwards tie and pulled him in as close as he could. You could hear their mouths hitting each other, their lips and teeth leading to what could only be a bloody mess once they separated.
When Cas finally slumped on the couch, boneless and sated beyond imagining, Dean finally pulled off and licked his lips. Staring up towards Cas, seeing him breathing so hard, pupils blown with lust, hair looking even more fucked out than usual from just a simple blow job, Dean felt proud. When the angel raised his head enough to whisper, "I love you, Dean," the equally satisfied hunter horizontally climbed back up Cas' body, where he was met with lazy, grateful kisses.
“Yeah,” Dean replied, seeing Sam looking but not dropping Cas’ hand. “We can celebrate in a little bit, but right now me and Cas have some stuff to talk about, so we’ll be in my room for a bit.” They didn’t wait for Sam to respond, heading straight for the hallway leading to the bedrooms.
Castiel tells Dean about remaking his body while explaining how healing grace worked, which unintentionally leads to confessions and frottage, though not in that order.
“You’re just impatient,” Cas replied, rubbing against Dean just a little bit harder because he knew it would drive his fiance even wilder.
“Damn it, Sam,” Dean muttered under his breath. “But yeah, see you tonight,” he said to Cas, not muttering under his breath.
“And I think I’d like to stake my claim once again, just to be on the safe side,” Castiel murmured, loosening his tie even more than it already had been.
Dean actually did hate Cas a little at the moment, him and his sadistic joy in not exactly edging Dean but coming damn close to it. Easier to just give in. "Just fuck me already!" He shouted, ready to offer his soul up again if it meant Cas would just get on with it. His dick was so hard it was going to explode soon if the angel didn't. When Cas' fingers stayed still, Dean rolled his eyes and let out an unsexy groan. Not this shit again. "Please?" He begged, and the humiliation was gone before it came because there were fingers moving again, and stretching, and "Jesus fucking Christ!" Dean screamed when Cas somehow managed to hit the target with all his fingers.
“Crowley said it was an emergency, but he wouldn’t tell me about it over the phone,” Dean explained, for what was probably the fifth time by now, “so there really wasn’t much of a choice.”
“Here we go, Claire-bear,” Castiel said, trying to hide his exhaustion from his daughter. “Ice cream, just like you were asking for.”
Apple turnover all but inhaled, it tasted that freaking good, and a reminder note in front of him to head over to that booth before he left to buy everything they had, Dean went back to his not-stalkery-at-all drawing. He felt like a child every time he snuck a glance over at Cas, but his luck held and he never got caught, mostly since the guy’s booth was probably the most popular one at the whole craft fair, at least from what little Dean had seen of the rest of the place. He was putting on the last few finishing touches of the portrait in between customers of his own, and hadn’t realized how much time had passed until his concentration was broken once again by a cough. Looking up excitedly, hoping it was Cas again, he groaned in disappointment when it was only Sam.
So, he had officially worked his way back to his original problem of expressing feelings and why he sucked at it. With Cas, it wasn’t really in words, which made it even more difficult than usual. It was like this… warm, fuzzy blanket that was wrapped around him whenever the angel was near. It didn’t make him feel safe and secure, since they literally risked their lives on a regular basis fighting monsters that would make most people piss their pants. Not safe, but like he knew that no matter what, Cas would be there to the very end. He’d fight by Dean’s side, no matter the odds. He’d protect Dean just as much as Dean would protect him. It was a sense of equality, the warm, fuzzy feeling. Or at least, the parts that could be somewhat put into words. The rest was just floating in a sea of blue, wanting to hear that rough voice tell him anything and everything. He looked at Cas and wanted to fucking cuddle him, for god’s sake. Not just post-sex, but, like, randomly, for no reason.
“Well, goodie for you Fergus,” laughed Rowena boldly, her tiny frame locked proudly as she stood over the writhing mass of what was once her son. “I hope you enjoy the throne down there while I enjoy mine up here… where I don’t have to eat entrails or smell Sulphur all the day and night.”
