Lara brushed her hair out of her face before settling her hands down to rest in her lap. The way she looked up at the ceiling – as if she were searching for the words of God himself – told Tony she was carefully considering the words she was about to say. She only did this when she had something important to say and wanted to be sure that her English was as clear and precise as it could be. When she felt sure of herself, she looked Tony directly in the eye.
Clint and a few other agents tried to fire at the hostile with their sidearms, but another blast got sent their way, forcing him to have to tuck and roll to safety. He could already feel the bruises he was going to have later as he slowly forced himself to stand. As he got to his feet, though, the man accosted him, grabbing his arm and squeezing his wrist painfully. Clint was surprised when the man didn't try to take any other action against him.
"Oh, blah, blah," the woman said. "We're young. We're allowed to have a little fun. I wish we could have stayed longer."
"True," she said. "But if there was, I'm not seeing it. That's not the point, though. They sent me in undercover as a Homeland Security agent. So far, I've seen the crime scene, but all of it came up clean."
The therapist's office was directly across from the elevator, so they didn't have to go looking for it. A receptionist who looked far too chipper for someone who was being forced to work on a Saturday greeted them. Tony checked himself in and the woman handed him a stack of papers to fill out before gesturing over to where they all could take a seat until the therapist was ready.
"Shatter-proof glass." Knežević didn't appreciate the sarcastic response, especially with his hand beginning to throb. "Secondly, I didn't say the guards spotted me. I spotted them. There's a difference."
After about a minute or so, Pepper finished replying to her e-mail and came over to sit beside him. Only then did Tony start trying to string together what he wanted to say.
First thing was first, she had to urge herself not to panic. For most people, panicking would mean running around and screaming hysterically; being unhelpful and endangering others. For Lara, it meant putting an end to the problem as fast as possible by any means necessary. Of course, this wasn't always the right course of action and she was aware of that. On Friday, she and Pepper had a conversation about her reaction to Tony being drunk at the gala and after discussing it further with her friend, Todd, and her brother, she decided that it would probably be beneficial for her to take a step back for a moment and pay attention to what she was doing any time that an emergency came up, which considering that she worked for Iron Man would be pretty often. Taking a deep breath, Lara started to break down what she knew in her head.
"Oh, of course." Bruce led the way over to the protective box. Betty was slowed by putting her bag down on the table and pulling her hair up, but quickly caught up.
, she thought. She looked around for Knežević and found him standing a few feet from her. His lips were moving, but no sound was coming out.
Tony sighed. He had no other choice. Slowly, he began unbuttoning his shirt. What lie beneath wasn't exactly pretty, but the scaring was the cost of staying alive. Luckily, most people were too distracted by the Arc Reactor to even notice the rough lines marring his chest. Dr. Rawls was no exception.
"I followed that much," Steve said. "But why would the hotel have the footage in the elevator in the first place?"
The forum on the top of the stack was easy enough to fill out. It was the standard patient care information sheet that had to be filled out anytime someone met with a new doctor. By some miracle, Tony managed to remember all his information except for his social security number. For that, he had to text Lara. She sent it back to him along with "you know you're going to have to change it again now, right?" Tony was aware of that. Having your personal information leaked every couple of months was one of the curses of being a public figure – no matter how advanced your online security was.
"Thank you," Pepper said gratefully. However, when she caught a look at the screen, her face scrunched. "You're still using Vista?" Lara frowned.
"That incident has been acknowledged and dealt with, and it has done nothing to make me personally distrust her," Pepper answered smoothly. "I am sure Miss Conroy took all the proper considerations necessary in asking Miss Romanoff to fill in for her."
"'How I've behaved in the past?'" Tony questioned. "Are you talking about my birthday party? Need I remind you that you didn't stop me."
After getting into a fight with Steve, Tony left their room and was subsequently kicked out of the hotel after he crashed a party. Steve doesn't know that and thinks Tony is asleep in the bathroom.
"Yes, Tony would very much like that." Pepper shot him a glare for the sarcasm, but it did get Conroy to drop the issue and do as she was told.
As she got closer, she realized that the top of the fence was covered in what looked like a dark greyish stone that had translucent blue to white appearance around the edges. Being a geologist, that sparked her interest. She reached out and touched the stone, finding it to be smooth with some rough edges. Suspecting what it might be, she looked at the way it reflected the sunlight and breathed on it to see how fast the fog cleared away.
"You know that I do," she said. Clint looked down and tried to regain control of his breathing. It was still much too heavy for his liking.
"I'm serious," Steve continued. "If you don't want to talk, that's fine. I'm just glad to have you back here, safe and sound."
"Oh, you." The annoyed tone in her voice was clear as Loki continued to fire upon her. She managed to dodge the blasts, but she knew she had no way of shaking off Loki without losing control of the bike. Catching sight of one of the buildings they were about to pass, Natasha knew exactly what to do. "Hawkeye," she called into the comms.
"You can fill this out afterward." Lara gave her a nod and a quick thanks. Lucy left the room and Lara sat down across from Carl. He didn't waste any time in getting started.
"You know what," he said. "You never answered my question about Captain Danvers. Why were you grilling her so hard?" Natasha's face fell.
"Yes," Thor said regretfully. "And on behalf of my brother and all of Asgard, I must apologize for everything he has done."
Steve winced at that thought. He still couldn't wrap his mind around that. He had just kissed Peggy five days ago and yet now she was an old woman who had moved on with her life at this point. She founded S.H.I.E.L.D., she married, she had kids… She had moved on, why couldn't he?
When she reached the floor that housed SI's main lobby, Lara paused for a moment to catch her breath and organize herself. Once she was certain she didn't look one well-placed verbal blow away from a mental breakdown, she held her head up high and tried to walk with as much confidence as she could muster.
Clint chose that exact moment to push open the closet door slightly and fall lifelessly to the ground. Stark and Lara screamed at the top of their lungs. Clint kept himself from laughing by reminding himself that he was going to be the one to clean the KY jelly/blood off the walls.
"I don't know," was his automatic response. Tony winced as he gave it, knowing that wouldn't cut it. "It's hard," was the next best answer he could provide. "It's not something that I want to talk about. Not really." Tony lowered his eyes back down to Pepper in time to catch her understanding nod.
Despite the assertion, Tony could not help the feelings that were boiling away inside of his stomach. He tried to tell himself that it would go away as soon as he was back in Steve's arms, but even that thought was not enough to spark even the tiniest amount of optimism inside of him; real or forced.
"Why?" There wasn't any accusation in his tone (just drowsiness) but it still served to fuel Steve's anxiety.
"Just give it up already," Tony panted out. "You're not going to win here, so just give it up." He swallowed hard. His throat felt like it was on fire. Another warning came up on the display indicating that his fever had once again crossed the 105-degree threshold. Tony told JARVIS to "mute" before he could express his concern.
Bucky was reaching the end of his rope. To level with his sister, he bent down to her level and put both of his hands on her shoulders. However, Rebecca quickly pushed his hands off her and took off at top speed down the sidewalk. Bucky said a word that would've gotten him in trouble if an adult was listening and began to chase after her.
"Alright," Rhodey said. "Well, I'm not going to put words in your mouth, so why don't we just put down 'TBD.'"
"I just want to know what you know about the Kree and how you know it," she said. "Nothing more, nothing less."
"That's still a little much and you know it," Clint said. "Don't get me wrong, she deserved every bit of that, but that doesn't mean it was the
Stark stepped forward and almost immediately tripped over his own two feet. Jessica reached out and caught him. For a moment, she thought she smelled something strange but brushed it off. She had bigger concerns now. Slowly, she lifted him and helped him to stand.
"JARVIS, can you look into therapists in the area?" Just that question made his chest feel like it was caving in on him. His hand flew under his shirt to the Arc Reactor. Just off touch alone, Tony could tell that everything felt like it was supposed to. Assured that he was physically fine, he turned his attention to just how wrong he felt.
"No," Steve said. I'd rather have the truth laid bare in front of me rather than have people hold things back from me for fear of how I'd react."
idiot. Falling into step with the crowd around her, she threw her mind back in the zone. That probably was a bad idea given what just happened, but she figured it'd be okay. She'd only be endangering herself by not paying attention, not anyone else.
So, yeah, this chapter is based on a Captain America comic I read months ago (I believe it was Captain America: Man Out of Time) but I didn't re-read it before writing this chapter because I knew I'd be tempted to copy it word-for-word. I just took what I remembered about the comic and put my own spin on it. So credit for the original idea goes to whoever wrote the original comic (Wikipedia is NOT helping me on this) and I hope you all enjoy this chapter.
Audrey walked through the house, continuing to call for her aunt. It was useless and Knežević knew that, but he wasn't going to reveal himself to the girls just yet. The moment didn't feel right. Eventually, Audrey came back downstairs heaving a heavy sigh.
"I don't know," Steve eventually gave up. "I can't think of anything that both of us would understand."
Already, a few dozen people got up and started forming two neat, single-file lines. Tony could see the staff members – wearing the university's colors of blue and gray – carefully explaining how the microphones worked to the people at the front of the line and going over the rules for asking questions. Joe, meanwhile, turned back to them.
Steve didn't seem to mind the sudden unplanned cross-country plane trip. In fact, from what it sounded like, S.H.I.E.L.D. wasn't doing much to help him adjust, just gave him a bunch of files and told him to figure it out on his own. Granted, they could just be keeping their distance as not to overwhelm him, but it seemed to Tony that they were going about it the wrong way. Steve needed to hear the full truth of what happened during his time gone, and he also probably needed to talk to a psychiatrist or something. Pepper had tried to make him go to one after Afghanistan (which he did eventually do, and it ended up being just a waste of an hour) and considering how messed up he was after that (and still is) he would be surprised if that even amounted to a quarter of the trauma Steve was facing now. Everyone he knew is either dead or in their nineties, the world's moved on sixty years without him, and to top it all off he was in the middle of one of the deadliest wars in world history when he went under, only to awaken in relative peace-times (ignoring certain aforementioned conflicts in the middle east). That had to do something to him psychologically. Tony would bet money on it.
Thank you to mfaerie32 on FFN for the review and to Illegirlsus, mammal, and the guest who left kudos on AO3!
The third page consisted of more medical information, most of which Rhodey already knew so he didn't have to ask for too many things. Just Tony's current weight, medications he was taking, and when the last time he had an EKG was. Page four and the first half of page five listed a series of anti-psychotic medications and asked whether he had ever been prescribed them. They were able to skip over that with a big "N/A." That led them to the second half of page five, which inquired about the history of mental illness in his family.
"Yeah," he said. "I don't know where I'd be today if I hadn't been assigned to room with the skinny fourteen-year-old kid-genius all those years ago. Probably would not have been nowhere near as fun.
"No," Steve said. "You're much more to me than that." Tony looked down. "You also said one other thing."
Hill couldn't come that day, which put Clint into a pretty sticky situation. He had told Stark that the dog would be gone within a day, but he couldn't bring the dog to the farm without discussing it with Laura first. He knew he was already going to be in hot water for having the dog in the first place. If he showed up with the dog and the kids saw it before he had a chance to talk to her about it, he'd be in much worse trouble. So, he had no choice but to wait for Hill. Fortunately, Stark had been shut up in his and Cap's apartment since Wednesday, dealing with his withdrawal symptoms. He hadn't seen the dog, and thus probably didn't know it was there and no one else had questioned him on it. At least, not yet.
"I have a mean right hook," Lara explained. "That made up for it. Besides, you're distracting from the point again, so I'm just going to come right out and say it. You're not taking care of yourself."
"Once again, if you are just joining us, you're watching WABC-TV, I'm Rosaleen Abraham, and right now what your looking at on screen is a view of the newly-built Stark Tower in Midtown, Manhattan. Police have been called to the scene as reports of an active shooter have come in…"
Tony had no idea what was going on anymore. The room was flashing and spinning in ways he would have never thought imaginable. It took a few drinks, but he built his buzz back up. Now he had no idea what number drink he was on and honestly, he didn't care. He felt good and that's all that mattered. Well, until that stranger got back up and wrapped their arms around him.
"Can you do me a favor and turn the lights off on your way out?" Tony said as he crawled under the covers.
"On that desk over there." Steve pointed over to it and Natasha quickly spotted and retrieved the files. "What do you need them for?"
When Steve got back to his apartment, he set the punching bag down on the living room floor and caught sight of the packet sitting on his dining table. He'd question how in they got in, but he knew that'd be pointless. Instead, he sat down in the seat in front of the packet and began to stare at it. He already knew what he was going to do; what he had to do. After all, as Fury said, the world needed to be saved, he just wished saving it didn't come at the expense of his "date" (as he desperately wished it was) and Tony's feelings. Slowly, he pulled out his phone and hit all the buttons required to compose a new text message.
"No," she said. "They were still looking into it when we left. They're probably not going to know more until they get them back to the Triskelion."
"To Coulson." With that, their glasses clinked together, and everything fell silent again as they took sips off their respective soft drinks. Tony felt the corners of his lips raise as he looked around the table. At that point, it truly sunk in.
"Hey," Knežević said. "What the hell's your problem?" Oswin stopped dead in her tracks and turned around to face him. Her hands were balled up into fists and she did nothing to conceal the fact that she'd been crying.
"Alright," she said. "You two done trying to prank everyone awake?" She didn't wait to see Tony and Lara's nods of the agreement before telling them to get out. They both complied wordlessly, still seeming somewhat stunned by what had just happened. Natasha closed the door behind them and turned back to Clint with arms crossed. "What the hell was that?"
So, this chapter was mostly fluff and trying to keep the momentum going in the story. Largely, I got distracted by writing Clint's family, but I can't help it! They're so adorable! Also, Lucky has a name now! (Which you probably all knew would be Lucky, but oh well.)
"Don't get me wrong," Freeman said. "I did everything I was asked to do. I switched out interview scripts, I got our people into that Q&A session, but Stark's actions weren't my fault. He did all of that on his own."
Steve sighed. He needed to push all of that aside. Tonight, he was going out with a friend and they were going to have fun. He should just focus on that for right now.
Please don't kill me! I still haven't seen the new Spider-Man movie yet! You can't kill me before I get the chance to cry about Tony being dead for two hours! *Sigh* I really need to stop torturing characters like this...
"Yeah," he said. "I mean, uh… Yeah." Betty laughed. Bruce looked up at her in surprise as she brushed a strand of hair out of her face.
For whatever reason, though, Dr. Wayne chose not to disclose this information to Barton. Not once did Tony hear him mention either disease. That was a problem because Barton didn't know everything about his health that he could. That had to be a violation of some law. After all, no one wanted a repeat of the Tuskegee Project. Before Tony could even call Wayne out on this, he and the other doctors left the room, which put Tony in this bad position.
"And I wasn't expecting you to be up for another hour." Her eyes scanned his body up and down. "Or wearing clothes." Tony had on a baggy t-shirt that may or may not have originally belonged to Steve and a pair of sweatpants that had "Stark Industries" going up one of the legs. It wasn't like he was embarrassed to be seen in those pajamas, but secretly he wished he had gone to bed with fewer clothes on. Steve, too. Tony frowned.
"To be fair," Clint said. "I thought you'd be the first person to walk into the room. You would have – and did – see right through this."
"Huh," Betty said as she picked up the envelope and flipped it over. "Interesting then that they would seal it with a kiss."
It was a reasonable question to ask. He had never died before. He's come close to death plenty of times, but thankfully he had a thirty-four-year streak of not dying, so he didn't know for sure what it felt like. Besides, it wasn't like absence of sensory input was helping. Sure, he could still kind of hear the ventilator taking in air and expelling it for him, but it was such a repetitive noise that he couldn't be sure that it was there. For all he knew it was just a creation of his mind; his cold, dead mind.
"And since when could you tell me what to do?" A fire was lit behind Natasha's eyes. If Steve had not called up to them from several flights down, the tension probably would have snapped in a more vicious manner.
Ehehe... I should say now that I'm worried that some of Steve's story arc in this is going back on some of what I did in MHATRAR but I'm not quite sure... What do you think? Tell me in a comment or review! Also, follow and favorite as well! :)
When Duran finally arrived at the restaurant, it looked like she had just barely made it in time. Nina was sitting at a table in front of the establishment and looked to be filling out the bill. The short brunette woman that was sitting with her got up and headed inside the building, giving Duran the perfect opportunity to talk to Nina alone. Before Nina took notice of her presence, Duran took possession of the seat next to her and began speaking.
"He's taken care of," Hill assured. "Dr. Wayne is continuing to monitor him along with Romanoff and we have doctors and agents monitoring the situation. If anything happens, we'll know."
Glancing down and kicking a pebble on the ground as hard as he could, Knežević realized he was completely and utterly screwed. He had no job, no money, no solid place to live, and now the police were after him. He'd be surprised if he'd even be allowed to breathe the same air as Audrey and Stephanie again, never mind be in the same room as them. He brought his hands to his face and thought about what he could possibly do. All he had to his name was a box made of solid rock. He doubted Audrey could even buy a pen from the dollar store for all that was worth, let alone pay for college.
The plan was simple. The S.T.R.I.K.E. team would enter through the front door, then split off into two groups. One would proceed to the second floor using the eastern stairwell, while the other would use the western one. The lab Subarian worked in was roughly in the center of the second floor, so the plan was to spread out and surround the lab from all sides, effectively blocking off all the possible exits. Natasha was the one tasked with making the arrest. Steve had to hold his tongue about his concerns. He just had to have faith that his teammate wouldn't do anything irrational.
Seeing as the cake was already paid for, no one saw any harm in digging into it anyways. Steve was glad when he saw Tony reach for a piece. Sugar probably wasn't the best thing to throw on top of alcohol, at least he was getting food in him. The rest of the meeting went smoothly with mostly everyone enjoying the cake (though, it came off as too sweet to those with enhanced senses), Lara looking at the food longingly, and Freeman going over the basic dos and don'ts of interacting with the press. They finished up in just under two hours and as they walked back to their room, Steve began to try to talk Tony into taking another nap.
"We still say something," Natasha said. "It's our only lead. I just don't want to alarm Steve until we absolutely have to."
They made it through the hallway and out of the kitchen without incident. When they passed Salinas' bedroom door, Jessica could have sworn she heard him talking to someone. He was probably on the phone, but how she hadn't noticed that the first time she passed by was beyond her. Regardless, they made it past Salinas alarming him and walked out the side door. Jess thought they might be home free, but once they reached the bottom step, Stark suddenly pushed her away. She almost yelled at him, saw him double over and throw up. Jess squeezed her eyes shut.
"Okay," the operator said. "Police are entering the building now, they should be with you in a moment." Lara doubted that, but she still gave a polite ", okay, thank you, ma'am." "Now you said these people are armed with guns and shields?"
Steve looked over to where Tony was pointing. He just had to jump up and across one beam two grates to get there. Easy enough. Steve got there quickly and spotted a panel inside of a doorway that appeared to pull out. Doing so, he discovered that it was filled with circuitry and wires. He had a pretty good feeling that this was what he was looking for.
Tony slept for a while, at least an hour. Eventually, Steve had to wake him up. They were starting their descent into LA and Tony had to sit up and fasten his seatbelt. Upon waking, Steve noticed that Tony seemed to be much less coherent than he did earlier. Steve tried to tell himself that Tony was just a little groggy from just waking up, but some instinct deep inside of him told him that wasn't the case. He didn't like how hot Tony had felt earlier and Steve was starting to wonder whether he was becoming delirious.
"I don't know what that is." Steve heard Tony mutter "of course you don't" under his breath. He couldn't help but roll his eyes at that.
"I know," he said. "But don't do it to the point where you're not considering yourself, okay?" Steve gave a seemingly reluctant nod.
"Like crippling depression and bad decisions." She shrugged. "Eh, can't smell it now." She then started to walk down the hall again. Tony made sure to keep a couple of paces behind her.
She waited for the officer to place her under arrest or at least reprimand her in some way, but no such thing happened. He just jotted down notes in his pad.
"You've had non-diabetic ice cream before?" he asked in response to her earlier statement. "Wouldn't that make you sick?" Lara shook her head.
"You have the right to remain silent…" Knežević tugged at the cuffs that ensnared his wrists as the officer led him to the back of a police cruiser. The entire time he begged for the officer, the social worker, anyone to understand. However, it was futile. The last thing he saw before the cruiser pulled away was the frightened faces of his daughters as the social worker led them into her car.
"Yes," she said. "I had a part in what happened that night. I cannot deny that. Did I do everything I could have to keep the situation from getting as out of control as it did? No, and to be fair, I did not really want to. I take responsibility for that. However, it was not my intention to sabotage anyone that night, let alone the company."
So, this morning, the Avengers would be stuck with Steve's fried eggs again. Certainly, most of them would not mind, but this morning Tony just was not feeling it. Just looking at them frying in the pan made his stomach churn uneasily, so instead, he decided to make what he could out of what he found in the fridge. He ended up with a bowl of yogurt mixed with fresh blueberries. Steve asked him if he were sure that is what he wanted, given that dairy would probably be harder for his stomach to break down than eggs, but Tony assured him that he would be fine. After all, it was
Lara turned to climb up the stairs that led to the plane. Tony followed her, with Steve close behind him. Bruce brought up the rear.
At first, Lara thought something was wrong with the TV, so she turned the volume up. That ended up not working, though as she cranked it up to a hundred and still no sound came out of the speakers. At least, from her perspective it wasn't. It took her another few moment to acknowledge that the sounds of the world were being drowned out by the sound of a thousand angels screaming at the top of their lungs directly in her ears. Wincing, she probed her ears for blood, but upon inspection only came back with earwax. Taking that as a good sign, she wiped her fingers off with her shirt before inspecting the remote for the button that turned on closed captions.
Getting off the elevator, Lara looked around, surprised not to hear alarms blaring. At first, she thought the foyer might be soundproof, but as she walked into the hallway, she was surprised to find the entire floor was as quiet as a mouse. Cautiously, Lara took a step forward. For some reason, she was afraid that the alarms would start back up again when she was least expecting it and scare her. However, they didn't, and Lara proceeded to the communal kitchen without any incident.
Steve quickly started looking for Tony. He was relieved to see that Tony was unharmed and was also surprised to see that he made it to the other side of the street without incident. Steve looked both ways to make sure no one else was coming before running after him. When he caught up, he grabbed Tony by the shoulder and turned him to face him.
"Thank you, Agent Duran." Pepper offered the agent a polite smile and shook her hand. "Please contact us with any new information you have."
Once she had her tea and finished her bagel, Oswin sat down next to the man and opened her laptop. Quickly finding her way to Google, she turned the screen to the man next to her, so he could see what she was doing.
Naturally, if someone was looking for strange goings on in the City of Los Angeles, Twitter would be the first place they would start their search. It took a few hours, but events falling under the category of strange started popping up under the hashtags "wtf", "wierdla", "dafaqisthis", and "freaky." Searching further to the earliest post that could be found, it would quickly be revealed to be a post by a person with the username "abs_rocks" of a huge rock stuck to her fence with the claims that it hadn't been there before. Other users quickly followed up with posts and pictures of other rocks of other rocks that had supposedly suddenly appeared in their backyards and gardens.
Tony's eyes squeezed shut, and he was gripping the edges of the plastic bowl in his hands tightly. Both his head and stomach were throbbing, and the fact that he was in constant motion didn't help with that one bit. In retrospect, getting on the plane was probably a bad idea, but Tony just wanted to go back to his apartment, curl up on his air mattress, and wait for death. Air travel was the fastest means to that end, so he would have to endure the suffering until he reached his destination.
Everhart's eyes narrowed, her brow tightened, and her jaw clenched. Tony had a feeling that he was poking a sleeping bear by not giving her what she wanted. Again, that was too bad. If she wanted a gossipy, "he tells all" interview, she was barking up the wrong tree and should have stuck with
Obviously, it was more than a little shocking to get hit with a story like that right off the bat. To a normal Earthling, that sounded like something that could only happen in a
"The one… The poison was in… I dropped it… In the sink… After I spiked… The water…" Fury gave her a look. "I cleaned it up. Washed it… …Down the drain. I'm not that… Stupid."
Tony hesitated. He couldn't imagine any conversation with them going well, particularly with Lara and Romanoff. While Romanoff had already apologized, Tony was worried that she could still be holding a grudge. As for Lara, Romanoff had told him that she wanted to apologize, but given how scared she looked the day before, he found it hard to believe. He bit his lip.
"You don't need to apologize for that, Natasha, I do." Nat's eyes went wide as she turned to look at Bruce.
"Well, I'm sure they'll be getting back to you soon enough," he said. "And besides, the media is going to want a statement in time for the early morning news broadcasts."
With that, Steve took the reigns in pushing Clint's wheelchair, and Lara and Bruce went to get the bed ready for him. Stark asked Happy if he wanted to stay and watch the movie, but he declined. With that, Natasha and Stark were left as the last stragglers into the room. Walking down the hall with him standing next to her, Nat figured that this was a good a time as any to say what she needed to say.
Quickly and quietly, Jessica padded back down the stairs. She had left the package on the fourth step from the bottom in case the opportunity arose and apparently it had. For her own safety, Jess knew she should wear gloves while handling the vial, but it would look odd to prepare a glass of water wearing gloves and it could make Salinas realize something was off. Plus, she knew she didn't have any time to look for gloves, so she would just have to take the risk.
"You're going to be fine," she mouthed, or maybe whispered. Either way, he knew exactly how to respond. He made an "O" shape with his index finger and thumb, sticking the other three fingers out straight.
Steve knew it wasn't though. He was getting too much sensory input for it to be a dream. Sure, he couldn't see, and his other senses seemed to be dulled a bit, but it was enough for him to determine that this was the reality. An insane reality, maybe, but still, reality.
"Come on," Peggy said. "Even if you don't want to talk about what's wrong, at least let me in to sit down. Believe it or not this baby's heavier than she looks." Tony nodded and took Sharon from her. Peggy walked in and sat down in his desk chair. Tony sat down with Sharon on his bed and said nothing, even as the baby grabbed hold of the collar of his shirt and tried to bring it to her mouth to chew on.
"Nothing, nothing." Tony hoped that he was coming across as unbothered but could not definitively tell due to Pepper's worry. "I was actually wondering if you'd be willing to talk right now?" It was a lie, but it got Pepper to drop the concerned look in exchange for one of surprise.
That caused Tony's eyebrows to knit together. Alright, he could admit that was true. Once he went back to Malibu following Stark Expo, he did check to see if anything went missing in his lab and had JARVIS to a total system scan for any files that were changed or tampered with. The only changes, uploads, and downloads that were done while she was there were ones that he had done himself. Likewise, there was nothing suspicious that happened after he left her alone in his lab while he talked to Steve. Nothing was touched while he had his back turned and once he left to go deal with the crazy rock guy, the only thing she did – according to both Steve and JARVIS – was turn off the holographic screens and the lights in the lab. That was it.
"Well," he said slowly, pausing for a moment to swallow hard. "As you know, this past week didn't go as planned…"
"Nope," Tony said. "Just do as I said. I'll be back tomorrow." At this point, they were walking down the driveway to Tony's car. Happy was already in the driver's seat and stood by, ready for Tony to get in the car so they could leave.
"Alright, yay!" he said. "Can I have a redo on the celebratory kiss, though? You were great, but my lips were chapped, and I wasn't really expecting it… Just saying I could've done better. Good job, everyone, though. I… I think we've really earned taking the rest of the day off. What do you think? Have you guys ever tried shawarma? I don't know what it is but I want to try it." Steve couldn't help it, he broke out into a full-blown grin as Tony continued to ramble on in a shocked response to what had just almost happened to him. He wanted to pull him in close and give him another kiss, but for the moment he just settled for being grateful he had a Tony to kiss at all.
"He's a bit miffed that you left the party early," Peggy said. "But he'll calm down. I'll talk to him."
"The same thing," Lara dismissed. "I'm tired. I can't American right now. You're lucky I haven't reverted to French."
The two of them made their way into the elevator, silent the whole time. Looking at Steve, Tony couldn't help but feel a little guilty for what he told him earlier. Since he had the opportunity, Tony thought it best to make good use of it.
"You guess…" Rhode had to try hard not to go on a tirade right then and there. Instead, he focused on the more pertinent question; how had this happened? "The fact that you were willing to mix Xanax and alcohol isn't that much better, but regardless, how did you get ahold of a bottle of Xanax in the first place?" Tony shrugged.
Yes, just asking his AI to look up therapists for him made Tony feel wrong. He didn't know why he felt wrong, he just did and that alone disturbed him to the point where he was shaking. Time slowed down. Every second felt like a year. All Tony could think was
"Sometimes patients feel better knowing a bit more about me before we get started," she explained. "Do you think that would help you?" Honestly, Tony didn't, but the more time she spent talking about herself, the less time he would have to spend doing the same. So, he shrugged.
"Well, Louise," he said, looking her directly in her glazed-over eyes. "I'm sorry you had to meet your end like this but know that your death was not in vain. It is for a worthy cause."
"Tell you what, Stark," Fury said. "If you give us the files willingly, you can talk to him when he wakes up. Ask him any question you want, figure out if he's the real Steve Rogers. Do we have a deal?"
"Any container marked aluminum – chemical symbol Al; or sodium – chemical symbol Na." Knežević climbed over the center console and slid into the driver's seat. "Also, canisters marked as oxygen – O – carbon – C – and hydrogen – H. Do you need me to identify them?"
"Of course, Miss Potts," was all that was said before the lawyers left. Once they were gone, Cabe crossed her arms and looked at the door before turning back to Pepper.
"So, it won't kill me to try." Lara bit down on her lip as she tried ran the calculations through her head.
"Sorry about that," he said. "That was our fault. You see, we're looking for our friend…" Steve didn't get to finish before a bout of insane laughter erupted from the man. Instinctively, he reached out his arm to push the people closest to him (which happened to be Bruce and Natasha) back.
The smell reminded him of the way that his clothes and sheets smelled when he was living at MIT and that (surprisingly) was the only time in his life that he could remember frequently sleeping through the night. (You know when he wasn't partying.) As such, he had the cleaning staff wash his pajamas and his blue blanket in the same cheap detergents and other laundry products he could remember stealing off Rhodey back then, hoping it would aid in his quest to stave off nightmares. Thus far he had mixed results, but he still wasn't willing to give up the ghost on that yet, especially when it smelled so good.
"It was something she felt she needed to tell me," Tony said. "And honestly, I think it was something I needed to hear."
. He was alive and breathing. All the sudden all the joy and gratefulness that had been running through him before surged right back in. Unable to help himself, Steve rushed forward, placed his hands on either side of Tony's face, and kissed him. He didn't care that Thor and Bruce – or rather the Hulk – were watching. He didn't care what anyone saw or thought. He was just so overwhelmingly happy that Tony was safe and alive, and he put all that emotion and energy into the kiss.
"Hell no, you shouldn't have!" He raked his hand through his hair in frustration. "What if there's a silent alarm wired in the lock? What if you just tripped it? Christ, Oswin, what were you thinking?"
"You're going to cook for me?" Steve smiled and answered in the affirmative. "Oh, babe, that's so nice." He pulled him in for another hug and Steve laughed.
Tony raised an eyebrow at that but was nonetheless intrigued. With only a few seconds of consideration, Tony followed Fury and Coulson past a security checkpoint and through an elaborate series of hallways that seemed more like a maze than a functional corridor system. Then again, that was probably the point.
"Thank you." Even though he accepted the flash drive, Tony planned on throwing it in the ocean once he got home. He had no doubt that S.H.I.E.L.D. had planted a virus or a Trojan horse on there to gain backdoor access to his systems. He would expect nothing less. However, that wasn't his top concern right now. "But I'm not leaving. Not until I can talk to Rogers."
"Alright," Steve said as he made sure he had a good grip on Tony. "Let's go down the stairs." Tony muttered something incoherent. "Are you going to help me?"
Understandably, Rhodey seemed hesitant to accept that and asked Tony if he needed him to get there faster. Tony assured him once again that there was no danger and that no one was hurt (ignoring the minor cut Pepper had on her cheek.) Reluctantly, Rhodey conceded to Tony and hung up the call, but Tony would be damned if he did not end up arriving ahead of schedule.
Tony Stark, Iron Man. The building you should be responding to is Stark Tower, 200 Park Avenue. It's imperative that all civilians be evacuated from the area immediately."
The sound of the elevator's chime and the doors opening distracted them. They stepped inside, Bruce hitting the button for the level the security office was on. As the doors closed, he gave her a look of concern.
"It also doesn't have a very good success rate," Bruce said. "A person is more likely to distance themselves from those closest to them after an intervention than to actually seek help."
"She was on the phone, last I saw," Conroy said. "Just between you and me, I think she's planning on taking over one of those conference rooms downstairs."
The banished Asgardian Prince, Loki, has made a deal with Thanos to invade Earth and retrieve the Tesseract for him in return for Asgard's ensured safety. He has already managed to take control of the cosmic artifact, along with many members of the international peacekeeping organization, S.H.I.E.L.D. With exponential power in his hands, S.H.I.E.L.D. stands no chance against Loki. As a result, they are forced to return to an abandoned idea to bring together a group of remarkable heroes to fight a battle that no one hero can fight alone...
"Thank you." Pepper sounded honestly relieved. Tony felt a pang of guilt for making her worry. "So, what's the plan here? Do you really think you'll be back by Monday or do you think S.H.I.E.L.D. will keep you longer?"
it. That shouldn't have been possible. The Other shouldn't have been able to do that; his hand should have gone straight through the projection. Instead, it came to rest on his forehead, and when it did it felt like a thousand suns crashing together in a lightning storm inside of his skull. Never had he felt such pain, not even when he was put through integration. Loki's eyes tightened shut and he let out a scream of agony.
Although Tony hadn't thrown up yet, his headache still hadn't subsided. He was a lot paler than he had been earlier and Steve had noted as they were leaving that his hands were trembling something fierce. Withdrawal symptoms were setting in. Tony could feel it through his entire body. However, he was determined to power through it. Just if he could keep telling himself that, he'd be able to do it.
. I want to be able to hold you and kiss you whenever I like. I want to go to bed with you every night and wake up with you every morning. I want to get to know you, Tony. I want to know everything you are." As he spoke he could feel Tony slowly relax in his arms. He liked that idea, but still, there was an underlying layer of nervousness.
"Yeah," Lara confirmed. "I don't know if anything was taken, though. I just saw the door open, took one step in, saw the whole place ransacked, then immediately stepped back outside and called the police. Sorry."
"I stayed at the gala until it was over," Natasha said. "Barton did as well. It was only when we went to leave that we found out we didn't have a ride home."
After learning that the man who stole the Tesseract, Loki, was putting on a scene in Germany, Natasha Romanoff (a.k.a. the Black Widow), Steve Rogers (a.k.a. Captain America), and Tony Stark (a.k.a. Iron Man) rushed out there to capture him. Loki gave up easily. ...A little too easily, but that doesn't matter at the moment as another Asgardian has appeared and just as quickly disappeared, taking Loki with him. Whether he frees Loki or kills him, the Tesseract is lost. Tony quickly takes off after the rouge Asgardian with Steve hot on his heels...
"Fine," he said. "You can talk to Rogers again, but only after I have spoken to him myself. Do you find that agreeable?"
"I'll get Conroy on it," Tony assured. Excitement began to build as he began to fly parallel to the side of the tower, taking in the bright flash of the lights on every floor as they zoomed by. Oh yes, this was just as good as Christmas, and Tony hoped it would only get better once he got back inside. It was edging closer to eight o'clock, after all.
Remember kids, step by step, heart to heart, left, right, left, we all fall down like toy soldiers...
Steve was surprised by how fast Tony's had shot up. For a second, Steve worried that he'd say something he shouldn't. Luckily, that ended up being unfounded.
Not only would creating something like that be a massive undertaking but the revolutions that could be made in science and technology from even
I have been awake for twenty-two hours now because my living situation has become so bad that I seriously can't fall asleep in my own bed. Yup. That's where I'm at right now.
"You know," she said. "When I asked you to 'invite me to the party next time,' I meant a global catastrophe, not an actual party."
Pulling his arm off his eyes, Steve looked around to find that it was much later than he thought it was. While earlier if he looked out the window, he could still see golden rays of sunshine glinting of the sides of the surrounding buildings, now all he could see was the violet-black glow that the sky took on, denoting nighttime in New York City. Also, someone had turned the living room lights on, and turning his head to the side gave him a clear indication as to who.
"Because I'm not interested." Lucy looked like she was about to say something to pressure her more. Luckily, Bruce chose that moment to cut in and save her.
Everything looked as he remembered it, at first. They had cows grazing in the field and the other animals were in their respective pens, either lazing about or waiting to be fed again. Clint smiled and fixed his gaze on the farmhouse. He just knew Laura and the kids were inside, anxiously waiting for him to come home. Only a dozen or so yards separated him from his family. Clint ran as fast as he could to close that distance and make it home.
"I think we have some around here somewhere…" he said. "JARVIS, do we have any papers and pencils anywhere around here?"
"How have you been handling everything that's been going on with Tony lately? Be honest." Steve had to take a deep breath before answering.
"No, you're just kind of half-lying down and you're mostly leaning on me." Despite the complaining, Tony could tell Steve was smiling even though he wasn't looking at him.
"Okay, I'll admit, I might have fibbed to the foreman guy about which elevator was the service elevator," she said. "But I don't see how that was a security concern. Besides, you're leaving out a key word there."
"I already apologized to him," she said. "He just said what's done is done and not to let it happen again."
Before Amanda could respond, Hill caught Carol's attention, gesturing for her to follow. Carol couldn't have been more relieved. She hopped down off the bed and stepped past the curtain, leaving Fury to hash things out with the hospital employee.
"There isn't any, Tony," Steve said. "I poured it all out yesterday while you were asleep." He didn't flinch at Tony's hard glare.
"Here you go," Oswin said. "You liked Earl Grey the last time I made it, right?" Nina nodded as Oswin began filling the mugs. "Good. Just making sure I remembered right. Do you want anything else? I grabbed some Pop Tarts, but I wasn't sure if that was what you wanted." Nina shook her head as if to say "no, I'm good" and took a mug and a packet of Pop Tarts from the tray. Oswin sat down next to her and did the same.
"Thank you," he said as if he had a choice about wearing it in the first place. He ran a finger over the smooth surface of the bracelet. It wasn't metal, but whatever material it was made from didn't seem easily breakable either. As he continued to stare at the thin, restrictive band on his wrist, Tony put a hand on his shoulder. Steve tried not to overreact to the touch.
"I'll take care of it," Steve assured. "But the two of you need to stop calling each other those names." Tony shrugged it off.
"I think you just listed several reasons there a few minutes ago," Tony said. "Not to mention the plain fact that I'm a pretty widely despised individual…" Lara scoffed.
"Of course, we do," he said. "Lay it on me Romanoff. If you have anything to say, say it now." Natasha took a deep breath and went back in her mind. She scrutinized every interaction she had ever had with Stark as best she could on such short notice.
Salinas then relinquished Tony's foot and Tony bolted upright. As he did so, Salinas came over and put one hand on his shoulder, leaning over him with his entire body and forcing him back down. Tony swallowed hard.
"Okay?" Oswin sounded hesitant and perplexed but complied anyway. "0088229955." There was a buzz, a click, and a gasp of surprise from Oswin. "That worked! How did you know that would work?" Knežević smirked to himself.
"Worst case scenario bad." Pepper's eyes went wide, and her mouth dropped open. Tony stepped around her and went to get into position to go onstage. Pepper followed close behind.
Two, NOTHING HAPPENS IN AUGUST! I'm serious! In the US, there are no holidays that take place in August, personally, I don't know anyone who has a birthday in August, it's just an entire month where nothing is going on and it makes me sad! Even if I did post in August, you'd only get one post on August first and that'd be it for the month! So, you're just going to have to deal with waiting until September First for the next chapter. Everyone okay with that? Good, 'cause you really have no choice.
"Good to hear," Tony said. "Get in." Conroy's eyes were wide as she looked from Tony to the car, and back to Tony again. Clearly, she was trying to calculate the vehicle's total worth in her mind.
"You don't think I don't know that?" he rhetorically questioned. "Because I spent the past week and a half recovering and I'm sick of it. I want to be able to do something other than stare at the same four walls and ceiling all day. I want to do my job."
Tony went over to his desk and pulled out a spare set of clothes from the bottom drawer. He always kept a spare set in there in case the clothes he was wearing were badly singed in another fire or he spilled hazardous chemicals on them again. He made quick work of changing into the jeans and was just about to pull the t-shirt over his head when he heard a knock at the glass door. Turning around, he saw Steve and Natasha standing there, Natasha motioning for him to let them in. He slipped his head and arms through the proper holes and went to the door, the entire time trying to convince himself that he wasn't really wobbling that much.
"Obviously," Pepper repeated. "But you know you don't have to do that at all. I could handle those boxes for you, if you want."
As soon as the office door closed, Fury had the room locked down in secure mode. Hill watched as he pushed back a secret panel in the wall, punched a code in on a key pad, and scanned his eye. This revealed another secret panel in the wall, this one containing a safe. Fury took the papers from inside his coat and quickly scanned them over. Expressionlessly, he opened the safe, added the papers to a folder filled with dozens of others, put the folder back inside, locked up everything and set it all back to normal.
Since Sharpton failed to kill the Avengers with her biological weapon, Salinas and Freeman have some explaining to do.
She gave them the once-over, clearly taking notice of the tense ways they were each respectively sitting and standing, and the fact that Clint, Natasha, and Steve were still wearing their uniforms. Even Bruce's uneasiness was clear as he picked at a thread from a rip on his shirt sleeve, which Nat noticed had not been there when they left earlier. She would be more suspicious about that if she did not have bigger fish to fry.
"From Hydra?" Fury nodded. "You know I can just go in there and blow them all into the next century, right?" Fury shook his head.
"Just if there are certain questions you don't want to be asked," Freeman explained. "Something you'd rather keep private, those sorts of things."
"JARVIS has been running it since I hit the bridge," Tony cut him off. "In a few hours, I'll know every dirty secret S.H.I.E.L.D. has ever tried to hide. Blueberry?" Steve ignored the offer.
Adoniram married one of his followers a few years after officially opening his religion to the public, but despite that, he had numerous affairs with several men and women. If his wife, Margot, knew, she certainly didn't seem bothered by it. She remained faithfully by his side through the decades, unlike his followers.
With that, he took a bite out of his taco, turned, and exited the restaurant. He didn't call the police about the body. He just left her there as a surprise for the next person who walked in.
Yeah, Tumblr pulled me into that show, and then I pulled my family in, and now all I'm doing, if I'm not watching the show on Netflix, is reading Destiel fanfics on AO3. Like, I've gotten so obsessed with the show it's not even funny. The only one who I think might have gotten more into it than me is my mom because she read all of Revelations in one night after we started watching Season Four, and yesterday we got a new kitten and she ended up naming him Castiel. (Which IS the perfect name for him, but still.)
"Feels that way?" Steve felt the same spark of excitement that Tony exhibited before. He quickly said "yes." "Yeah, it feels like that and you know it's wrong, but you can't stop. You want it to, desperately, but it's like nothing is enough." Steve felt something inside him break.
"As we said before, we didn't want you guys to be uptight and defensive," she explained. "Besides, we didn't think they'd go after you guys as hard as they did. Tony? Yes. The rest of you? No."
"For now," Natasha said. "Unless anyone thinks we need to add something?" Both Bruce and Clint had no arguments and the room lapsed into silence as they waited for Hill to return.
"I still should be fired," she said as she carefully dabbed at her eyes, not trying to draw attention to the fact that she was crying. It was futile, though, as Pepper easily noticed. "I just attacked my superior. I should be fired."
Unfortunately, it didn't end like that. Without warning, something massive came screeching across the sky. It zoomed right past Clint and only stopped when it collided with the house. There were an explosion and Clint were thrown back at least fifty feet. He could feel every scrape, bump, and scratch as he hit the ground. It was all oh-so-painful, but it was nothing in comparison to the emotional agony Clint was thrown in.
"That's breaking and entering," Tony pointed out. "You just confessed. Steve, arrest her." Steve snorted dismissively.
"Not an option," he said. "If you find the truth, tell them the truth. We've come too far in this operation to have it all come unraveled by a wrong lie at the wrong time. Besides, Stark's not an idiot. He's probably already plugged the hole in his defenses by now and any subsequent attempts would be rendered fruitless.
"Alright, but can you just give it here and let me do it?" Tony asked. "I don't want you accidentally calling someone." Pepper only gave him a disbelieving look.
"Snake trails don't lie." Romanoff slipped a bunch of papers clipped together from the inside of her vest. She inconspicuously passed them to Fury who hid them inside of his coat.
The entire time Tony was speaking, his voice got hoarser and hoarser. By the end of it, he could barely speak. Steve stood there, astonished not only by the man's tenacity but also by the depth of emotion he displayed in those words. The fluttering feeling was back, and Steve made no attempt to stamp it out this time. In fact, he was embracing it.
. At the last second, he chickened out and backed away. He didn't know why. Usually when he kissed a guy or girl, he went for it without a second thought. This time, though, he hesitated, and he wished he hadn't. It gave him a second to think about what he was about to do and that one second was enough to make him change his mind. He had no idea how Steve would react or even if he felt the same way. Besides, he was still trying to come to terms with the fact that it was okay to be gay now. Kissing him would only upset him and Tony didn't want to do that. So, he backed away, rolled to the other side of the bed, and pulled the covers over his face to hide his shame. He didn't talk to Steve about it the next morning and put off calling or texting him for most of the week. That was, until last night.
"Right." Tony was looking down and sounded rather reluctant. He gave Tony's shoulder a small, reassuring squeeze, but it didn't seem to ease the other man's aura. Steve frowned for a second but pulled it back before turning back to the redhead and offering a hand.
That seemed to be a recurring theme as of late. All of them were doing things that didn't make logical sense when you stepped back and looked at it objectively. Her going off on Sharpton, Clint's impulsivity, Tony struggling with his addiction, Steve's near-constant worrying… The only one of them who seemed to be relatively well-adjusted was Bruce and something had to be wrong if that were the case. Their dysfunctionality even seemed to be rubbing off on Lara who seemed to be on guard every moment of the day, despite the fact that she was successfully able to obtain a restraining order against her crazy ex. It made Fury hiding Carol from them seem almost petty by comparison. That was, until she was reminded of the sheer size and scope of the Chitauri invasion or the fact that Coulson
"How about a goodnight kiss?" The cheekiness of his smile betrayed the thoughtfulness of his voice. Tony laughed.
"It's different," Bruce dismissed as he reached up to get a better look at one of the modules on the screen. Tony brushed all the modules to the side, forcing Bruce to look right at him.
"Yes," Tony said. "Come on, we'll be late. Get in." Conroy nodded and moved as quickly as she could while wearing high heels and juggling a laptop and a Starbucks cup in her hands.
"It's enough for me to give S.H.I.E.L.D. so they can go find him," Natasha said. "We need to get back to New York. We wasted enough time already." Steve took a step back from the redheaded agent, narrowing his eyes.
"We've all already been around him and none of us are sick." A ripple of pain momentarily shot through Tony's gut, making him think that maybe having yogurt for breakfast was a bad idea after all. "Well, not with anything contagious." Eyebrows were raised by that remark, but he chose not to acknowledge them. "Besides, it's not like I'm asking him to leave the Tower. The meeting room's just over there." Tony gestured to a door in the far-right corner of the room.
"We're taking you to the Hay-Adams hotel," Fury explained. "It's where you've been staying with the rest of the Avengers."
"What are you saying?" His voice was as cold as it was the day he confronted that social worker in the yard.
Tarquan followed the creature through the marketplace and into a rather ruddy-looking building. Form there, he was led up a flight of stairs and into a room that looked to serve as a storage space, office, and one-room apartment all in one. In the center of the room sat a man with violet skin and a frog-like face. The robed creature said something to the man in a language Tarquan didn't understand before stepping out of the room. The frog-man then turned his attention to him. Tarquan had never felt so intimidated in his entire life.
"Yeah," he said. "I know, but what kind of relationship? Are we boyfriends, lovers, friends with benefits? Help me out here."
"I'd lock them, but I don't have the keys," Lara said. "This is just a precaution, though. Tony couldn't have gotten far." Steve tried to take some form of assurance out of Lara's words but found difficult. Instead, he wordlessly followed her down the hall.
"It's the least I can do," she said. Tony hummed and nodded in agreement. An awkward silence then passed over the room, but it was not as bad as it could have been. Tony was not radiating anything but animosity towards Natasha anymore, and that was a major improvement.
"It's just numbers, right?" Bruce nodded. "Then I don't need to know what it does, just the basic principles of mathematics."
"I don't know," he admitted with a sigh. "For now it's probably just best not to have it around. I'm not sure… I don't think I can commit to anything yet."
"Did Oswin ever mention anyone by the name of Vasyl Knežević?" To Duran's surprise, Nina's face lit up with instant recognition.
"No, no," she said. "I really owe you an apology. I've been texting Betty and… She really is a nice person. I can tell you had no bad intentions in giving her my number."
Steve wouldn't admit it to Tony, but he kind of thought the tower was a bit over-the-top and gaudy. He knew that was sort of Tony's thing, but it still made him sad to see something that hadn't been apart of his New York Skyline. He felt the same about every other building that had been erected since he went into the ice. It helped to know that another building had been there before Tony had bought the property, had everything torn down, and built it all over again from the ground up, and that he apparently had work started on the property the same day that S.H.I.E.L.D. had fished him out of the ice, so really it wasn't like this was a change that happened overnight for him like everything else. Also, the fact that he had a crush on Tony also might have helped that.
Tony's stomach clenched a bit. Although, yes, he didn't know Carol all that well, the idea that he let someone untrustworthy get close to him again was a troubling one. If Natasha thought she was a threat, then they probably were. Out of all of them, Nat was the best judge of character and Tony could easily take her word as truth on such matters. As such, before she even stated her final opinion, Tony was already mentally berating himself for making the same stupid mistake
As soon as he was out the door, Steve immediately felt more relaxed. Once again, another emotional reaction he couldn't explain. He remembered once when he was small – maybe three, four years old – there was an exhaust leak in his and his mother's apartment and it was almost too late before his mother realized what was wrong, opened windows, and got them both outside. He couldn't remember any of the whys and hows of what happened (he supposed he never learned the cause seeing as the serum gave him a retroactively eidetic memory) but he remembered clearly the feeling of relief once he got outside and started breathing clean air. Stepping out of that room was a lot like that, only instead of carbon monoxide, it was anger and tension poisoning that room. He could still feel it somewhat once he stepped outside, it was a lot less than what he was feeling in the moment. Steve slowly took several deep breaths.
"I don't know," was the only thing he was willing to offer the S.H.I.E.L.D. agent. Mostly because he was still so confused by what Tony had said. Honestly, the man seemed genuinely surprised when Steve suggested that they could get arrested for being gay. Tony had said people didn't "think like that now." He shook his head. There was no way this was thought of as "normal." It was an unfixable disease. People who were unfixable either went to jail or the asylum. That's just how it was. He wasn't going to tell this woman that he was attracted to Tony, especially when it seemed she already had it out for the guy, given the incredibly inconsistent misleading character assessment she wrote of him.
"I should be the one asking you that," Steve said. "You ran into the street and nearly got yourself killed! What were you thinking?"
"Tony Stark?" A familiar voice said on the other end of the line. "This is Agent Coulson from S.H.I.E.L.D." Tony pulled the phone away from his face for a second to let out a curse.
"Alright," Tony said. "I'll admit that there have been a few times where I've kind of been frustrated with the pace our relationship is taking, but you need to know that I don't want anything more than what you're willing to give me."
Before he could slide the device back into his jacket pocket, his phone chimed with another incoming text from Tony. This one was just a simple ":D." Steve had no idea what it stood for and just assumed that Tony had somehow made a mistake while texting. He slid the phone back into his pocket and began wandering around New York, trying to find something he could do until eight o'clock rolled around.
"Sugar." Tony's brow immediately furrowed. "A bunch of other weird flavors I can't identify…" Tony took the burger from Steve's hand and bit into it. It tasted like a regular cheeseburger to him.
"It's alright," Tony said. "Like I said back at the museum, I want to move forward with you. If there's anything bothering you or anything I can help you with please, don't hesitate to ask." Steve frowned.
"Because I would've had to kick your ass if you pulled me away from a real emergency across the universe," Carol explained. "Believe it or not, there are a lot of those."
So, while Steve wallowed in denial, he didn't really have time to think about just how they were going to pull this off. After all, Steve couldn't leave the building. He found out after he got off the phone with Tony that he
Thank you to K's Room of Requirement and The Other Jet Engine for favoriting and following this fic! Also, thank you to mfaerie32 and guest reviewer Star for the reviews! On AO3, Thank you to FriedChickenNisha for the comment and the guest for leaving kudos! It really means a lot, so thank you all!
The following day, Tony didn't hear a single word from Howard about him storming out of the party, nor did he hear the man apologize for laughing at that incredibly stupid joke. For years, Tony continued to keep that secret. Peggy was the only person who knew outside of any men he had a relationship with (who were usually closeted as well, resulting in a state of mutually assured destruction.) In the end, Peggy was the only person he ever willingly came out to. The rest of the world… Well, he only had himself to blame for that.
"I'll be fine," she said. "Worse comes to worst I get scammed out of a few bucks and we have a good laugh about it."
"What makes you so certain of this?" Loki swallowed hard. He was going to have to tell the truth, or at least a version of it that suited him.
"I hope you're right about that," Steve said, though he was starting to get a feeling deep in his gut that she was wrong.
"I'm sorry," she said. "But I'm not the one who's about to 'crash hard.'" At those words, Tony felt his stomach roll uncomfortably again. His pained expression didn't escape Romanoff's notice. "Yeah, that's what I thought. Come on, let's get you back to the car."
Without warning, though, he saw a flash of red go by and the shooting came to a halt. Steve rushed to his feet and made his way down to the doorway where the shooter had taken up his position. Looking inside, he saw the shooter knocked unconscious on the ground and Tony lying motionless a few feet away. The lights in the helmet's eyes had flickered out.
"No," Natasha said. "It wasn't just a joke. Not to them. They thought you had actually been murdered."
"There was no need for it. Trust me." Tony peered behind Steve and saw Natasha strolling up to the scene. Similarly to Steve in his Captain America attire, Nat had dawned her Black Widow uniform. "Aw, look at that! You both decided to play dress-up." Nat rolled her eyes.
"But one we must all deal with, right Tony?" When he didn't immediately respond, Lara pressed her foot down on his,
"Yes, sir," the cop then nodded and left, likely to pass the request on to his superiors. Tony looked around the room.
Removing all the bolts and screws was rather easy. However, once he was done, Tony was faced with another problem. The countertop was made from a heavy stone. He couldn't be sure what type of stone (though he knew it wasn't marble or granite) but he knew that it at least felt disproportionately heavy. Although he certainly wasn't as strong on his own as he was with the armor, Tony was still a pretty strong guy. He figured at the very least, he could lower the countertop slowly and gently on to the ground. At least, that was what he thought.
Slowly but surely, Loki started to peel open his eyes. He was greeted with the sight of stars, but not the stars he was familiar with. It looked as though he was in an entirely different corner of the galaxy than where Asgard's little pocket universe existed. He tried to spot the constellations his mother and "father" had taught him and Thor to look for as children in case they had ever became lost in the forests surrounding Asgard. He couldn't find one of them. He scanned the sky for something, anything familiar, but found nothing.
Salinas then went around the table giving everyone handshakes and each time stating how wonderful it was to meet them. None of them could say the reverse was true. The man continued to gush, though.
"Director Nick Fury of S.H.I.E.L.D.," he said before pointing his thumb at the woman next to him. "This is Commander Maria Hill. We showed our credentials to the woman at the front desk."
Remember kids, give Rhodey some love today! (Even though he's stubborn and I can't find a way to write him in!)
"Unfortunately, no, sorry." The girl looked saddened by that response. Just as she was about to walk away from the microphone, Barton – surprisingly – spoke up.
"But you won't know that until you try." Tony frowned for a moment, realizing that Pepper did have a point. He did not like that point, but he could admit she had one. He managed to wipe the begrudging look off his face before exchanging parting words with her. At the very least, he was glad he was able to make amends with Pepper and despite his mindset when he first went in, he did not feel like what he was agreed to be a bad deal. All in all, he felt good.
"Why were you crying?" Bruce held one hand up placatingly. "I don't mean to pry, but you did say that he didn't outright fire you…"
The elevator doors opened back up again, depositing them on the first level of the penthouse. They walked out into the hallway and around to the foyer where the express elevator was located.
Dim yellow light glowed from the panel above his head. The rest of the ceiling was a rich blue in color. He could clearly tell that something was wrong with his vision. It wasn't supposed to be that sharp, that bright…
Looking through his closet of S.H.I.E.L.D.-provided clothing, Steve picked out the nicest outfit he could find, which ended up being a white button-up shirt and black pants. The pants fit okay enough to where he felt like it wouldn't be noticeable that he wasn't wearing a belt, but the lack of a tie made the outfit feel a little too casual for him. He had no idea what Tony had planned, so he didn't want to be underdressed. Then again, he had no idea how much the style had changed, so maybe it was safe to go without the tie. Was he overthinking this? Probably. Was this still not a date? Definitely.
Anyways, be sure to favorite, follow, review, comment, kudos... Whatever the kids are doing nowadays. I'm old.
"You're not leaving my sight, either," Romanoff interjected. "In fact, if you show any indication of being physically ill, I'm extracting you from the situation ASAP. Do I make myself clear?"
"Did the S.H.I.E.L.D. agents monitoring the event say anything to you guys about it?" Steve asked Romanoff.
"Mm-hm," Betty said with a nod. "They only told me that I would be working with a former colleague of mine. They didn't specify which one." Bruce frowned. Although he could keep his temper, he couldn't help but feel a little ire towards S.H.I.E.L.D. for that.
So today is Gwyneth Paltrow's birthday... All I'm going to say about that is that I hope she has the best day possible with her friends and family.
"Oh," Bruce said. "Well, isn't that a good thing? I mean, no muss, no fuss." Lara nodded half-heartedly.
Steve returned to the room a moment later. Tony could hear his footsteps move softly across the floor and something metal clash against the wood. Turning around, Tony saw that he had gotten a pot and set it down on the nightstand behind him.
Picking up the envelope, Betty turned it vertically so that the ripped side was facing down and began to shake it. A large amount of powder immediately came spilling out. She shook it a few more times and a folded-up piece of stationary came tumbling out. Both Bruce and Betty looked at it in surprise before the shocks wore off and Betty started to unfold it.
Everything else aside, Tony wasn't surprised to see Steve there. This was clearly an all-hands-on-deck situation for S.H.I.E.L.D. and of course, they would call in their golden boy Super Soldier to save the day. He just wished it hadn't gotten in the way of their date. No matter. From what he could tell Steve was still in one piece and they could talk later once they got this mess straightened out. (Granted, it wasn't going to be the romantic scenario that Tony had played out in his head with dim lights, mood music, and well-stocked bedroom with a king-sized bed and soundproof walls just in case of the nearly impossible result of Steve not only returning his feelings, but wanting to do something about them right then and there came to pass, but Tony could take what he could get.) Tony was glad he had the helmet on. If anyone could see how much he was smiling at that moment, well, Tony wouldn't have minded because
"I have to be to keep up around here," she said with a laugh, but her face grew more serious as she put a hand on his shoulder. "But seriously, just be careful, okay?"
They had scheduled this training over a week ago. At the time, he was more concerned about giving Lara a refresher on how to treat people in emergencies. He did not think about what that would mean for him.
"You know," he said. "I'd almost believe you, but it's clear you don't know what you need to apologize for."
"I would like to announce my resignation as Head of Public Relations for Stark Industries." Freeman paused as if waiting for the press' reaction. However, they didn't have any reaction. In fact, it was probably news to all of them that Stark Industries even had a Head of Public Relations, given Tony's notorious spontaneity. ("I am Iron Man," anyone?)
"Sorry, Agent Romanoff," Tony said. "But neither you nor S.H.I.E.L.D. has the authority to order me to do anything."
Her stomach jerked and for a moment, Lara could taste bile at the very back of her mouth. She squeezed her eyes shut and swallowed as fast and as hard as she could. That probably wasn't good for her stomach, but she didn't care. It stalled her upchucking for another forty-five seconds at least. Again, the officer looked concerned.
Bruce found a chair to hang the jacket off and turned around to find Betty already highly engrossed in studying the envelope. Stepping closer to her, he could see that she had shaken some of the powder out of the envelope and onto her gloved hand. Peering through the magnifying lenses, she was clearly trying to study the powder as best she could. Bruce knew it wasn't easy, though. The lenses couldn't get down to a microscopic level. They could show the powder in a bit more detail, but that was about it. Until they were given permission to remove the letter from the box, that was the best that could be done.
The events of the previous week quickly came to mind. Stark had admitted it was Clint's murder prank that pushed him to take his first drink of the day, setting into motion a domino effect that currently had Stark writhing in agony two floors above him. He couldn't help but feel some guilt over that. Plus, he threatened Lara's ex over the phone without really thinking about it first. That was probably impulsive and not smart. If the guy truly was a psycho, he could take that as a challenge. Luckily, nothing had come of that yet as far as he could tell. Lara had seemed fine for the two minutes they saw her on Friday before she rushed downstairs to cover for Stark, so maybe he had left her alone.
. Everyone wanted Rhodey to pick because he was their guest, but he ended up deferring his choice to Carol. The only movie that she knew the name of that wasn't a Christmas movie was
"I opened the…" A sudden coughing fit cut Clint off before he could finish what he was saying. He started over once he caught his breath. "I opened the letter."
So, even though he'd been out of the ice for a little over a year now, Tony was really the only person he had made any sort of connection with. He was the only person Steve ever talked to on a regular basis. After all, everyone he knew was dead except for Peggy, who was in a hospice in London and he didn't really have much incentive to go outside and meet people, so the only person he had to talk to was Tony. Not that he minded – he did have a crush on the guy after all – but he couldn't help but feel… isolated. It was a cold and somewhat bitter feeling. He didn't like it, and the only thing he currently had to soothe that was the occasional text from Tony. Luckily, he wasn't disappointed as he pressed the center button on his phone and saw that he had a new text message from Tony. Unsurprisingly it was timestamped for one in the morning, but it had proper spelling and grammar, so at least that let Steve know he hadn't been drunk.
"So, you might think." Try as she might, Carol couldn't avoid the hand that came around to smack her.
It never did, though. After the initial quake, the building remained stable. No aftershocks to be felt. Eventually, Lara realize the worst wasn't about to happen and began to slowly push herself up off the ground. As she lifted her head, she glanced around the apartment to see if there were any damages. Spotting nothing obvious, she stood up. As she did so, she saw that the movie was no longer playing. Instead, she was greeted by the face of weekend news anchor Ernest Anand. However, the image was all she had. His lips were moving, but no sound was coming out of his mouth.
“Yeah, I--” His words were broken off by the sound of the elevator chiming and the heavy steps of SHIELD agents rushing down the hall. “And that’s our cue to leave.”
, I’ve seen you make, bang and beat into your own creation and that makes it even hotter.” He couldn’t resist pressing a kiss into the chestplate, even if he knew Tony wouldn’t feel it through the metal. “Sometimes you’re out there fighting Doom bots or alien creatures like today, and I just have to stop to marvel at how you move under it, how your body twists -” he ran a hand down the metal, gripping it’s waist “- and turns.” He clenched tight, but the armor didn’t crack or fracture. “I want you. Now. Do you want that, Tony?”
As soon as Steve recovered, he searched for Tony. He was spinning through the sky in a freefall and Steve wished desperately to be closer, so much so that it felt like he actually had moved towards Tony.
Tony’s hand had gripped around the screen, his blood rushing south as his morning hard-on came roaring back to life. Just like he knew Steve expected it would.
There hadn’t been many amenities when he’d first moved in but after two years the apartment reflected Steve Rogers more. His dining room table was half mission report, half art studio, the fridge was stocked and the large laptop with a standard sized keyboard sat on the coffee table.
One thing people always forgot was that Steve Rogers lied to get in the military; he lied to get out of trouble; he lied to find sustenance for first his mother and best friend, and then for his men on the battlefield. Now, Steve smiled easily and shook his head.
With a deep breath, he handed over the box and watched as Tony traced his hands over the wood before returning his focus to Steve. “What is it?”
The line of cars arrived like a parade. Out of the first one slid a silver haired young man and a brunet, who, based on the screams, seemed to be Namjoon, their leader, and Jin. The two walked over towards where Steve and Tony waited but stopped on their way to wave at a few fans, who went ballistic. Behind them, another car slid to a stop. This one had three members, a tall man who looked like he’d just fallen off the fashion runway, 90% legs in a suit tailored so well, Tony was tempted to ask for his information. A fan screamed, "Taehyung!" and the man turned his head, while next to him a shorter man slid off a pair of headphones and smiled when someone shouted, "Yoongi!" The last man seemed to radiate happiness, his smile wide and infectious, and Tony had to admit that just looking at the five of them together, it was easy to see how each of them had a charisma about them, and together they were captivating their fans.
Tony wasn't sure if he got any sleep or not when he got up that morning. He knew it was dark out when he was on the phone with Coulson, but when he finally opened his eyes again it was daylight. He supposed that probably meant he got at least something resembling a peaceful, dreamless sleep, but at the same time his body felt as though he hadn't slept at all, which was great. On the bright side, at least he didn't have to use the wastebasket at any point.
Thank you to mfaerie32 for the reviews and The Other Jet Engine for the favorites and follows! You guys rock!
"I know," Tony said. "And I told him that, but he just kept looking so freaked and I might have said something I shouldn't have…"
"I know," Steve said with a nod. "And I know it won't. Things have changed and people are more accepting now. I know that and I'm not worried about it." Natasha felt a little bit of relief as he said that. At least she wasn't going to have that conversation again.
Everyone fell silent after that. No one could bring themselves to say anything, because damn… That was, until Steve raised his glass.
"I don't need one to tell you that if you don't back off a bit, Barton's going to break free of his restraints and shove that needle right through your…" Before Natasha could finish that sentence, Clint felt a sharp pain in his right arm.
Tony slid his tongue across Steve's lips and Steve opened his mouth in kind. By this point, Tony had already explored every inch of Steve's mouth and knew the exact spots to run his own tongue over to make him moan and groan. Steve melted a bit but quickly retaliated by pushing Tony's tongue back and invading his mouth. Tony liked where this was going.
"Don't forget about the stone press," Conroy remarked. "No witch hunt is complete without a good peine forte et dure."
He sighed, fully knowing there was no way he was going to win this argument. Besides, he already promised Steve that he'd be up in a few minutes and honestly, he'd rather cuddle with his boyfriend than try to handle this catastrophe.
"Roger that," Steve confirmed. Over the coms, he could hear Tony's repulsors blasting and metal breaking apart. He knew Tony knew what he was doing, but he couldn't help but get concerned.
"You'll get them, Captain," Dr. Fox assured. "But first you rest and regain your strength. I'm going to do a quick physical examination of you; examine your eyes, ears, etc. Is that alright?"
"And what kind of attention would that be?" Tony legitimately found himself questioning her intelligence.
"You're fine," Tony said. "I just… I…" He put his head back in his hand. What he wanted to say was that he hated himself, but he knew that wouldn't go over well. God, just when he thought he was starting to put that night behind him… It was just like one tiny step forward and one giant leap back. "So, you're suing the hotel?" He looked back up to see the tail end of Pepper's nod.
"Really?" he said. "Then why were you giving Captain Danvers such a harsh third-degree? Why did you have the Hulk restrain me?" Natasha's eyes widened.
I currently have no idea where I'm going to be when this chapter gets posted. I could be at home, I could be at a hotel. Who knows? The only thing I do know is that if you missed the last chapter, I'm sorry. I used the FFN app to post and I saw that the e-mail looked different than the one that's normally sent out. My bad. So, if you missed the last chapter, go back and re-read it and make sure to review/comment/favorite/follow/leave kudos! :)
"There's a bio-hazard in the building," the security officer explained. "You need to get out now before you're exposed." Lara's eyes went wide.
Pepper had stayed on as CEO of Stark Industries. Despite their personal problems, she was able to put her feelings aside and work amicably with him for the good of the company. The fact that they had finally broken ground on Stark Tower was a testament to that. However, they had yet to have a personal, one-on-one conversation since then and that was putting Tony on edge.
"What would make you think I was going to do that?" Pepper gave Tony that looks again. He relented. "I was only going to have JARVIS save a copy of the CCTV footage so that way I can see for myself what happened. Other than that, I will let the police do their jobs." Tony then took the opportunity to check his phone.
Special thanks to mammal and DiveTooDeep on AO3 for the kudos and comments! It really means a lot! :)
That day back in September, Adoniram had told his followers that the Chitauri Invasion was the start of the apocalypse, and to be honest, he thought it could be. Although he used the incident to renew his follower's waning belief, he truly feared that this would be the end of all things. At least, on Earth. Thanks to the shard, Adoniram knew that there were other planets and galaxies out there, teeming with life. If the entire population of the Earth had been exterminated, it wouldn't matter. There were still worlds that would continue to turn without them. Earth, Terra, Midgard, C-53… It was just a tiny drop in the bucket; one that could easily be washed away. So honestly, this wasn't the apocalypse. It was just a mass genocide. However, his followers didn't know that. They only knew what he told them. So, he said to them it was the end of days. He tried to impress in their minds that this was the end times, and only their belief in the church – their faith in
The way he was so nonchalant about Tony's disappearance rubbed her the wrong way. Hell, it rubbed all of them the wrong way, especially Steve. She could see the spark of fear deep in his eyes. The sheer fear that something bad had happened to Tony sent him into a panic attack. (Something, she noted, that they should probably discuss later.) She was surprised that Freeman's behavior didn't cause him to have a heart attack right there. So, although she and Tony weren't on the best of terms now, she couldn't stand to see Steve like that. She'd look for Tony regardless, but Steve's reaction made the matter even more urgent for her.
"I've come up with eighty-seven results in the immediate area," JARVIS reported. "Would you like me to expand the search area or narrow the results?"
and the effects in the film were so realistic that they felt compelled to call the FBI and MPAA to make sure that no one had died for real. Both organizations were able to get into contact wit everyone involved with the making-of the film and were able to confirm that all the actors were in fact alive, much to their relief, but that experience made Rhodey wary of calling them again, simply because he didn't want to waste their time if it was fake.
That was disrupted by the sound of Natasha shouting "for God's sake, Clint! Don't run!" Realizing that time was up, Tony pressed a quick, chaste kiss to Steve's lips before moving to settle back into his own chair. Seconds later, Clint appeared in the doorway, standing on his two feet and panting way more than he probably should have been.
Yeah, obviously I'm not in the right headspace to be writing an author's note right now but I know if I don't write something now I'll forget when I actually go to publish the chapter. I hope you all enjoy the fluff! Sorry, I'm such a Debby Downer.
Tony then explained the events of the past two weeks. He had to condense it down a lot, but even the condensed version was quite shocking. Well, at least it sounded shocking to Tony's own ears. Rhodey didn't seem surprised at all, but that was probably because he had experienced many of Tony's drunken antics first-hand. It was all old hat to him, which only made Tony feel the slightest bit more guilty. It took a while to get it all out, and by the time he was done, Tony was sweating.
"Like, perhaps, a thick steel door with the word 'danger' written on it in capital letters and hazardous material symbols all over it?" She pointed the camera at the door to show Knežević what she was talking about.
The two of them quickly fell into line with the traffic, managing to stay side-by-side. Lara allowed two flights of stairs to pass before she tried speaking again, out of respect for the people they obstructed.
On the way to the airport, Tony thought about his night with Steve and figured out a plan for it. The excitement began to bubble inside of him and a smile appeared on his face.
"Oh, my God." Tony wasn't looking at Pepper, but he could hear the horror clear in her voice. "She didn't bring up-"
"You're right," he said. "I don't, but I do know that Barton's a lot tougher than we probably give him credit for. A man who can stand shoulder-to-shoulder with gods and monsters would have no trouble getting over a simple bug." Tony snorted in disbelief.
Tony was silent for a moment, prompting Steve to look up at him. He had the same look in his eyes that he had whenever he was trying to fix something or figure out how to solve a problem. Normally, it was beautiful. Right now, it was concerning.
"I know," he said. "But don't come in." Lara opened her mouth to question why, but Tony cut her off. "I'm serious. Take the day off. You deserve it."
"Who are you?" the woman asked. "Why are you here?" Concise and to the point. Steve liked that. Better than stumbling over words and making the situation more awkward.
"Right away, sir," the AI responded while Cap began flipping switches to turn the stove burners and all the other appliances off.
Taking two careful, yet very heavy steps forward, Lara tried to walk out of the stall but instead slammed straight into the door. She attempted to push it open before remembering that she locked it. She reached for the lock but couldn't quite find it. Looking over at the space between the door and the stall, she searched for the lock to find that she couldn't see at all. Her entire field of vision was reduced to the size of a pinprick.
There was a round of applause as President Barrack Obama walked into the room and it continued as he stopped to shake hands with several people as he made his way towards the Speaker's rostrum. Before he reached the Avengers, he made a point to hug the woman sitting next to Steve, which caused the applause to grow louder. He went back to handshakes when it got to Steve and continued down the line with the rest of the Avengers. As he shook their hands, he thanked them for attending and for their heroism that day in New York. He shook hands with a few more people before he reached the rostrum, at which point they all had to be seated. As Tony took his seat, Steve leaned in close to his ear.
I wish I had something insightful to say, but frankly, I'm just tired and this chapter is as long as hell, so I'll forgo a comment and just ask you to review, comment, kudos, favorite, follow, and all that other fun stuff. Sound good?
"Yeah," Tony said. "Send Pepper a text message. Tell her I'm going to miss the flight and to leave without me. Also, tell her that nothing's wrong and I'll see her Monday."
that," Steve said. "I just said that I got it, but I still think she could've been a little more controlled than she was."
"The 'where' and 'how' of this situation is top secret," Hill explained. "I can't tell you everything, but what little I can is probably best discussed somewhere a little more private."
"No, we haven't," Fury admitted. "I wouldn't find this too concerning, though. Stark's always done this to himself."
So, despite her hesitations, Carol tried her best to recount everything as best as she could recall it. There were questions, obviously, and Carol did answer them as best she could. It was hard, though. She legitimately couldn't remember certain things or even worse she remembered things happening two different ways and kept fluctuating between the two different versions of events.
"Yes!" Tony had a sense of déjà vu wash over him, but he couldn't figure out why. He shrugged it off. It was probably just the alcohol.
"She didn't tell me anything about her powers other than that she could blast stuff and fly," he explained. "But she did tell me a few things about her past."
"If you're in need of that, I know a group that can help." Again, Salinas began squeezing Tony's foot in an uncomfortable manner. It was like he was trying to give him a foot massage. Tony didn't like it. He tried to pull his foot away, but Salinas wouldn't let him. "I was lost once, but they helped me find the way. They're all about faith and helping the community. I think you'd like them. They're called the Peoples Unity Church. Does that sound interesting to you?" Tony remained deathly silent and just stared at Salinas.
Tony looked away and thought about it for a moment. It wasn't like he had much of a choice. Still, though, he didn't like being called out on his drinking like this, especially when it wasn't even a problem. He looked back at Lara who was waiting expectantly.
The officers stepped out of frame as soon as they appeared. Most likely, they headed straight for the front desk to talk to the night staff. However, within ten minutes they were joined by two more officers. …Then two more. …Then a bus load. Steve raised his eyebrows and looked to Natasha. She had brought her fist to her mouth and was studying the officer's movements intently. That was enough to confirm to Steve that this was not normal.
"That sounds fine to me, ma'am." Steve nodded and slowly got up, trying to be careful not to disturb Tony. Thankfully, Tony slept on. Though his appearance was still worrying, he looked absolutely content. Steve gave the sleeping man a small smile before following the redheaded woman out into the small sitting area. As soon as the door shut the redheaded woman took a step towards him.
"The chem labs were unlocked using one of our security codes," said the board member in question. His name was Hector Fair and he was an obese man with slicked-back white hair. "Didn't you know that?" The man's tone conveyed that he already knew the answer.
He still had not talked to Pepper. It was not like he had not had a chance to. They had seen each other since their argument, but they only discussed company-related matters and the lawsuit did not come up at all. It created an uncomfortable strain between them, but he would rather deal with that than get into an argument about it again. Overall, he just wanted it to go away, but he knew Pepper would not let that happen. She wanted everyone to be held responsible and for that, Tony could not blame her. If there was a way to try the hotel and the police without the video footage, he would, but that just was not possible, so hence the impasse.
"Oh." Tony visibly relaxed. "Don't worry about that. Pepper wouldn't tell a soul, not with the way the media goes after me. She's probably just asking because there's a small concern with my health right now. That's all."
They arrived at the studio right on time. Tony had hoped that this would start them off on the right foot. That was until one of the producers led them to the green room.
She tapped the screen to open the message faster than she had done anything else in her life. She was racking her brain, trying to remember how to take a screenshot with this phone when she finally caught a glimpse of the message's contents.
"What is it?" Oswin tried to take the papers from him, but Knežević quickly snatched them back and slid them back into his pants pocket.
"Yes." He could see it in Steve's eyes that he didn't believe him. However, he could also see that Steve knew he wasn't going to drop it and the most he could do would be to stay by his side in case something went wrong. Tony hated putting Steve in that position, but for the sake of the Avengers, it had to be done.
"I wouldn't worry about that!" Betty called down the hall before turning back to Bruce. "So, how have you been?" Betty held out her hand and Bruce took it.
For a moment, everything was still and silent, as if everyone were afraid that even the slightest movement or sound would set the shaking off again. After a bit of hesitancy, Rhodey got to his feet and Happy offered Pepper a hand up.
Carol didn't hear the rest of his rant. Hear heart stopped and her blood ran cold the second she heard him say "Kree." All she could think was,
"Alright," Steve said. "Why do you… Why were you here when I woke up?" Tony raised an eyebrow at the change of direction but brushed it off as Steve simply misspeaking.
Just as Pepper was finishing going through her e-mail, there was a knock at the door. She instructed them to come in and her own personal assistant stepped through the door; a dark-skinned man in his late 20's or early 30's by the name of Waylon.
"Not now," Tony said. "When we get longer than a moment alone, then we can talk about it. For now, let's just enjoy the moment."
He was only distracted by a sudden deafening silence. Clint's heart skipped a beat as his hands went straight to his ears. He couldn't feel any injuries and when he pulled his hands away, he didn't see any blood. However, it wasn't until he heard Stark speak up that he could put that fear to rest.
"I'd have to ask what that offer was." The response elicited a smile from the man, but it wasn't pleasant. In fact, she could have sworn she saw something sinister lying under the surface.
The room on the other side was clearly an interrogation room, but the table and chairs had been removed and space converted into a make-shift ICU. Multiple machines monitored the vitals of a man lying on a hospital bed in the back-center of the room. Several heat lamps surrounded the bed. The man looked like he was in a calm and peaceful sleep even though he had various tubes and wires connected to him. He appeared to be in his early to mid-twenties and had a rather fit physique with strong arms and a broad chest. Tony might have focused on that detail for a little too long before the eye's flicked up to the man's face. Once he properly focused on it he realized he had seen the face before. He had never met the man himself (given that the guy was supposed to be, you know, dead) but he had seen pictures before and heard his father go on about the man enough times. However, the logical part of his brain rejected the notion.
So that is it for this story! Thank you for all the support you guys have given to this and the prequel, My Head's Above the Rain and Roses! It really means a lot and I hope you continue to follow this series into the next fic, Live to Rise, coming out 6/15/19! Now, if you're asking yourself, "why the long wait?" It's because I want to wait for Captain Marvel and Avengers: Endgame to come out. Captain Marvel takes place prior to almost every MCU film, so there could be stuff in it that effects what we know/understand about the MCU. Also, I want to find out where Carol Danvers has been for the past twenty years and whether or not I can change things up so she makes an appearance earlier on in the story. As for Endgame, there are rumors (that I hope are untrue) that the plot of that movie is going to be resolved through time-travel. Again, I want to see if this is true and if it is, how it affects the MCU timeline. Again, I hope it's untrue. As a writer, I know it's next to impossible to write a time travel story that doesn't contain plot-holes and contradictions. It's the nature of the beast and if the whole story focuses on time travel... Ugh, I don't want to imagine that headache. Personally, I think what it's actually going to be is travel between alternate universes/realms. I feel like that's what they've been spending a lot of Phase Three establishing, with Doctor Strange opening up the concept, Ant-Man and the Wasp focusing heavy on the quantum realm, and the rumors that Captain Marvel will have some focus on the quantum realm as well. So, yeah, that's what I'm hoping for. Sorry, this is a big block of text, and this is my awkward transition into the next paragraph.
"All of it's bothering me," Clint admitted. "It's like a bunch of bees decided to build a hive in my head. It's a constant, unending buzz. I can ignore it most of the time, but the rest…"
"No," he said. "No, I am not." For some reason, he let out a pathetic little laugh following that statement.
Freeman slowly sauntered into the frame, clearly trying not to look suspicious. Tony could see that he was holding something cylindrical in his left hand, but it was small, and his hand covered most of it, so Tony couldn't entirely discern what it was. Freeman stopped in front of the emergency exit and turned around to scan the perimeter to make sure he wasn't being watched. Feeling he was safe, he turned back to the door. Without any hesitation, he pushed the bar to open the door. Surprisingly, the alarm didn't sound. Unsurprisingly, a flood of people in white robes, white polo shirts, and khaki pants came streaming in through the door.
"It could be," Betty admitted. "But until we get the results back from the CDC, we should probably act under the assumption that this is the real deal." Bruce's eyes narrowed and his head lowered, but he still nodded.
"The Space Stone," Loki started. "'Twas locked away in a mystical artifact known as the Tesseract and hidden somewhere on Midgard. Er, Terra, as I believe it's called in this part of the galaxy." Loki paused for a second to make sure his choice of syntax was correct. Thanos gave him a look that told him to get on with it. "I overheard… Odin, saying once that it had been removed from where he initially hid it, but he could sense that it was still on Terra. I have great skill in the mystic arts. Dare I say I even match that of Odin. I could locate the stone and retrieve it for you."
"C'mon stranger," he said. "I've been waiting to be alone with you forever." Steve smiled at that but first went back to shut the door before climbing in and wrapping his arms around Tony.
Steve nodded in agreement as he stabbed a forkful of chicken and pasta. Once he got to eating the food, he found that he liked it. The flavors were not too strong, and the cheesy sauce was already leaving him wanting more. He looked back up at Tony, a slight smile on his face.
"No," the concierge said. "Come back with a badge and a search warrant." He then walked away, leaving Clint and Natasha standing there, frustrated. By that point, Bruce had caught up with Steve and the two of them started to approach.
He supposed that was a stupid question. Natasha said that she'd been sent to collect him, and Tony knew that's probably what happened after he passed out on the beach. It irked him. He hadn't had a chance to finish his conversation with Steve. It wouldn't have bothered him much, but he hadn't been able to explain why Peggy told him Steve was bi in the first place. It was only seven words! Seven words at the bare minimum were all that was necessary to communicate her reasoning and no matter what Peggy promised Steve back in the forties, he knew Steve would probably immediately understand and forgive her. Just seven words…
"I swear I'm being completely honest here," she said. "I literally just walked into the main Stark Industries building, hacked one lock, broke another, stole all of those chemicals, all with the assistance of Vasyl Knežević and I did the same thing at Tony Stark's house all on my own. What is so hard to believe about that?"
A few people got aggravated that they were stopped in the middle of the stairs talking and pushed around them, calling them even more creatively colorful names as they did so. Realizing that they were creating an obstruction, Lara began to reach for Bruce's hand, but then thought better of it. Instead, she jerked her head in the direction of the flow of the crowd.
"Yeah," Salinas said. "My first thought was that they went to her room to fuck, so I headed down to the basement. Didn't find them, but I did find this." From behind his back, Salinas pulled out a small cardboard box that he'd been holding the entire time and handed it to Adoniram.
"You used your real name to register here," she said. "Fury has a program set up to alert him if a person of interest shows up in hospital registries or police arrest records. You're one of those people." Oh, so maybe she hadn't messed up as bad as she thought.
Although they couldn't fly directly over New York City, they still got an amazing view of it through the airplane's windows from a distance. It was breath-taking. The sky was slowly getting darker, changing to a deep, dark blue color. The clouds were as soft fuchsia-pink, and the lights twinkled gold and reflected beautifully off the water. It was picture-perfect, and it made Steve wish he had something to draw the scene with. As soon as the city was out of view, though, Steve turned his attention back to Tony who was smiling.
"I think there might be some rule or regulation somewhere that states that you have to leave when your flight plan says you're going to."
his mind demanded to know as he fell to his knees, not even bothering to try to hold back the sobs that were now racking his body.
Steve let Lara lead him into the kitchenette even though he knew it was a waste of time. They didn't find Tony in the pantry or any of the cabinets and moving to the living area was even more pointless as they could clearly see under the furniture and knew Tony wasn't there either. Steve sort of understood what she was doing. She was trying to keep him from panicking for the moment. If she kept him busy there was a chance that Tony would miraculously appear out of nowhere and all of this would be resolved without anyone devolving into hysterics. That isn't what happened, though. By the time they had checked the rest of the suite down to the bedroom closest, all she had done was confirm Steve's fears; Tony wasn't in the suite at all.
"Alright," she said. "I guess I'll see you tomorrow. Err, Tuesday. Tomorrow's a holiday. Anyways, see you." She then went to the emergency stairs, opened the door, and pulled it shut behind her.
"I just wanted to ask…" he started to say. "I was… I was just wondering… Do you wear underwear underneath your uniform…?" Romanoff's face fell almost as soon as he said the word "underwear."
Eventually, Fury stepped back into the room. Tony quickly turned his phone off and slipped it back into his pocket. He stood up and looked at Fury expectantly.
"Easier said than done," Mrs. Barnes said. "But I guess they're being quiet for now. They might not burst in for a bit." Steve walked over to the threshold of the kitchen. Both Bucky's mom and his mom were sitting at a round table with their backs to him. Before he could get a chance to speak up and get the women's attention, Steve's mother spoke up again.
"Shut up," she muttered as she slid her phone back into her messenger bag. "So, what are you doing up this early? Out of the two of you, I thought Steve would be the morning person."
The landing had been gentle and without much turbulence. There was a jolt as the landing gear touched the ground, but otherwise, it was smooth and didn't do much to upset Tony's stomach. After that, it was just waiting for the plane to taxi up to the set of air-stairs. It seemed to take forever, but eventually, the plane did come to a stop.
"You're right," he said. "I don't know what it's like. I've never been through anything close to this, but I know it's not worth taking your life over." Tony squeezed his eyes shut and pinched the bridge of his nose.
"Speaking of Agents Barton and Romanoff, what do you know of their relationship with each other?" Tony frowned and narrowed his eyes.
The world was ending again. At least, that was the impression Tony got when he saw the sheer number of cop cars and news vans surrounding the Tower. His eyes immediately went up to the sky, scanning it carefully for portals with sky-whales and Chitauri soldiers spilling out of it. Thankfully, nothing of the sort happened, but that didn't quell any of the alarm that was building up inside Tony.
"The charges range from petty theft to several counts of first-degree murder." Tony's veins ran cold.
"When I called off our little arrangement, he told me that he'd expose me to everyone if I left," he explained. "He said he could prove it; that he had videos. I thought he was bluffing. I mean, I thought I would've noticed that I was being filmed…"
I'd have some sort of witty opening line, but it's 6:45 AM and I only got four hours of sleep last night. You can't expect that much from me.
"Where's Thor?" Some in the crowd giggled at the child's bluntness. Tony, however, noticed that Steve sat up a little straighter and scooched forward onto the edge of his seat to answer the question.
"I don't know about that," he said. "I mean, anything's got to be better than the prequels." Bruce hummed non-committedly while Natasha shook her head.
"I don't know," he finally admitted. "I don't know what's right and what's wrong anymore – at least in terms of this…"
Remember kids, no matter how much the media tells you summer is the best season, don't buy into it! It's hot and miserable and if you don't like going to the beach, there really isn't much for you to do!
"That's not for me to disclose." Tony tried to say something but didn't get a chance as Coulson continued. "I can assure you, though that we aren't trying to replicate the Super Soldier Serum. We know for a fact that information isn't in those files anyway." Tony paused for a second to think things over.
"Alright," Pepper said as she finished scanning the page. "Most of this is correct, but under personal care provider you put 'Tony Stark' and under policy number you put 'same as social security number.'"
He let out a pained yell and tried to force her to the ground, but Natasha flipped over his arm and forced his head to collide with the railing. Clint let out a pained grunt and tried to get to his feet. He looked at her with confused, crystal blue eyes.
Clint woke up the next morning (really afternoon, but he hadn't bothered to look at a clock) he found that everything had been cleaned up and everyone was gone. The only evidence that other people had been in the room were the extra blankets spread across him that he didn't recognize and a note from Natasha sitting on his nightstand. She let him know that she would be by in the morning to take the dog for a walk and asked him to text her when he woke up so she could get him breakfast. However, Clint had no intention of doing that. Instead, he got on the phone and started texting someone else.
"You realize I'm the boss here, right?" he said. "I'm the one in charge of making the rules and the dress code, not you."
Steve felt someone set their hand on his shoulder. He would have pushed them away, but they were being rather gentle, and he was freaking out too much to do so.
"Sure, it is." Tony felt a tiny bit of a laugh escape him. He turned his head a bit to look at Steve.
"Not really," she said. Natasha gave her a weird look. "An agent, I mean. I did bring Tony to safety. S.H.I.E.L.D does not employ me. I was with the Air Force, but I've taken things to the next level." Natasha's eyes narrowed, clearly scrutinizing Carol. Carol didn't flinch. When it became clear she wasn't going to elaborate on herself any further, Fury spoke up.
Unexpectedly, the door opened, and Lara's hand went to where she used to keep her gun, though it was ultimately pointless; doubly so as it was only Clint entering the room. Lara mentally kicked herself for being so jumpy before turning her gaze back to Clint.
"Yes, I could have," Tony said. "I could have listened to you, or Happy, or Jarvis… None of you liked him. All of you felt the need to warn me away from him, and I didn't listen."
It wasn't hard to find where she lived. In the past twelve years, Lorraine Wilburn hadn't moved once. A dumb move on her part, given that she feared for her nieces' safety should they meet their formerly incarcerated father, but nonetheless Knežević was thankful that she made it. After all, it made finding Audrey and Stephanie
"I don't know what Homeland Security's interest in this is," Annabeth said. "I mean, how is a rock stuck to a fence a matter of national security?"
At the same time, Alpha tried firing beam at Carol. Spinning around and stepping out of the way, she avoided the beam and sent an energy blast towards Alpha. Unlike the other times Carol fired at her, though, Alpha managed to dodge it. As a result, the blast ended up going into a wall with a gas line running through it.
"Anytime," Carol assured. "You don't need to apologize to me. Though, there may be some sick orphans out there somewhere that need an apology."
"Wait, wait, hold on." Tony was glad he got Steve's attention before he could finish that. "How is this now about me?" He heard the
"Oh… Screw off… Bitch…" He tried to reach for an exposed part of Natasha's skin but ended up touching her gloved hand instead. Natasha used this mistake to her advantage, clenching her fist before the glove completely turned to stone and once the process finished, struck Knežević nice and hard on the temple. He fell back, unconscious.
"That redheaded woman, Pepper," Steve said as he looked Tony in the eye. "She wouldn't reveal something private about somebody else if she figured it out for herself, would she?" Tony's brow furrowed.
"Me too." Pepper was the one who said that, so Tony felt reassured that this wasn't something that was brought up earlier in the meeting that he just happened to miss when he wasn't paying attention. "How did you get that information, Mr. Fair?"
"I'm sorry," he said. "How inconsiderate of me." Tony's pout quickly perked upwards into a flirtatious smirk.
"Banner, the situation's under control," she reported. "You can let Clint up now." Tony raised an eyebrow.
Tony let out another sigh, albeit a more frustrated one. He had gotten an earful from the doctor and Pepper about taking off from the hospital like he did. It didn't bother him, he deserved it. He also deserved getting the silent treatment from Steve after he forced the man to spring him from the hospital, just so he could pummel the ass of whoever Mr. Rock-Boy was. That much was a given. However, he still had a conversation to finish with the good old Captain and it was eating at Tony every second that passed without putting that matter to bed, once and for all. That wasn't conducive to a recovery.
Tony responding by pulling Steve in for yet another kiss. This one was more achingly slow and affectionate, and they both threw themselves into it completely. Oh yes, this was a moment that Tony could already tell he would treasure forever.
Duran didn't hesitate. She shot the gun, having aimed it directly at Knežević's chest. It didn't kill him, though, as he reached up and caught the bullet in his hand, turning it to stone and dropping it uselessly to the ground. Duran froze for a second in sheer shock, which ended up being her undoing. Knežević sped into a nearby alleyway. By the time that sense snapped back into Duran and she began to pursue him, he had already disappeared from the scene.
"Cautious is my middle name," Natasha corrected. "It'd have to be, otherwise I'd be constantly nursing stab wounds."
of his cell phone, but he ignored it. Whatever non-issue Lara had to bother him with now could wait.
"Sounds risky," Steve said. "I don't think I'd be able to get off of this floor without being seen."
"Alright," she said. "So, either find Bruce or Romanoff. Got it. Is there anything else?" Tony shook his head as he let go of her wrist.
A few minutes later, Oswin came in balancing a tea kettle and two mugs on a tray, along with what appeared to be two foil-wrapped packets of Pop Tarts. Nina tried to give a grateful smile, but her distress dampened it to the point where it was as if she wasn't smiling at all.
"Yes," Annabeth said. "Is there anything I can help you with?" In response, the woman pulled a leather case out from her pocket and flipped it open to reveal a badge.
"I'm listening," was the only prompting Thanos gave. Loki took a deep breath and tried to keep his voice as steady as possible as he explained.
Bruce knew that the trick to getting out of a maze was to follow the right wall, but this just leads him in a circle. He tried to do the same with the left, but again just went in a giant circle. The only hope he had was the fact that there still appeared to be offices sprinkled about every so often. Bruce figured that the only way he was going to get back to the right place was by asking someone for directions.
"Sure thing," she said. Though, when she got to the door, she hesitated. "Tony, just so you know… I'm not better than you. We're equals. Just… I hope you understand that, alright?" Tony pulled the blankets close to him as he carefully considered his response.
"I don't want S.H.I.E.L.D.'s help," Stark said before Natasha even finished speaking; not surprising her at all.
"You learn something new every day." Not at all impressed, Tony turned back to Pepper, assessing her state as best he could.
"One question." Tony popped the last of his burger into his mouth, chewed, and swallowed. "What's fondue?" Steve didn't even try to stifle his groan.
"Then it means it means in some strange way you feel sorry for Michael Jackson." Tony scooped up another glob of yogurt from the cup and shoved the spoon into his mouth. "No big deal."
"Maybe," Clint said. "But if I am delusional, then so be it. I am not going to sit idly by and watch people struggle and hurt. I tried that once, not my cup of tea." At that, Natasha had to relent a bit.
"Of the people in this room," he said. "Which one is A, wearing a spangly outfit, and B, not of use?" Alright, now Steve could feel his blood boil. If Bruce didn't speak up right at that second, he probably would have said something to Tony that he would have regretted.
"That's what Pepper said," Stark noted. "It's also why I had to promise that if I knew I was dying again, I would tell her."
"Oh really?" Duran's smug intonation was really getting on his nerves. "And how is Secretary Napolitano? I haven't had the pleasure of speaking with her recently."
"Um, excuse me?" The agent instantly halted in his movements. "What the hell are you doing?" Turning to face her, Lara was suddenly taken aback by something about his appearance. He was an African American man, but his eyes were a stunning shade of crystal blue. Lara tried not to stare too much, assuming it to be a genetic anomaly.
