The rain trickles down their faces, their hair wet and pressed to their skin as they sing and dance with their eyes closed and arms spread out wide. They don’t know what it’s like to truly feel like kids but they imagine that this right here must be it. There’s no pain, no suffering, just complete bliss.
His eyes are still closed as he buries his hands in Castiel’s hair, feeling the angels warm and wet tongue swirl around his swelling cock before closing his mouth around it.
Five minutes was how long it took, it drained him and he could hardly stand after he was done. He tried though, for Dean. Just seeing him stand before him, acknowledging his presence was enough to make Castiel forget about it all. He couldn’t contain the feelings souring through him as he watched the hunter. It was more than a handful, especially given that he was human now.
His lack of knowledge on how to deal with his feelings has him hungrily staring right at Dean's soft looking lips while running his wet tounge over his own. Castiel knew that he was attracted to Dean but he didn't really know what it meant until today, until he saw Dean for the first time as a human... seeing his face and not his bright white soul.
“More, I need more.” the words leave his mouth in a breathy mess. Castiel finds it sexy, so he doesn’t keep Dean waiting as he pushes himself up and takes his clothes off.
Cas smiles, watching him for a bit, before beginning. “A week before camp ended eleven of them went up the mountains, to explore, I guess. They dared each other to see who can go the furthest, when it was Marcus’ turn, he refused to go, they forced him to and somehow in between the others chanting, Marcus' fighting and the rest trying to get him to do what they say, he fell. They all agreed never to talk about it, and they could’ve gotten away with it if it weren’t for the angry spirit of the victim.”
“Look, I—” there’s static and Castiel misses what Dean had said. “Fuck. Where are you? I’ll come over.”
There’s three—
“Sammy. Don’t do it" he interjected, his words like a plea. Sam was confused. He couldn’t process what he was being told. He didn’t want to.
"He, uh... he's out on a milk run" Dean doesn't know if he's imagining things but he could've sworn that he saw cas give him the look. He could've sworn that for a moment Castiel's eyes turned dark with lust. For a moment he considers what he saw as real and a shiver immediately runs down his spine as he thinks about what could happen if it were, if Castiel did  feel that way about him. His excitement is clear, for all but Cas, as he feels his bulge beginning to strain against his pants.
His breath is heavy and shaky as his eyes fall shut, his hands raking up and down his husband’s back, leaving behind trails of faint red lines. He screams the his name as he reaches his climax, the feeling euphoric and different than the last time— It’s always different, no matter how many times they make love to each other, the feeling is always new and different.
The words linger on his tongue, and they taste as sweet as honey. He inches closer into Dean and gently presses his lips against Dean’s, swept away by its warmth and softness.
He was human but that didn’t matter, what mattered was that Dean Winchester was saved.
The moonlight peaks through the blinds, illuminating the small hotel room and the features of the angel who’s laying quietly on his stomach, his hands folded under his chin and his black majestic wings freed as they flutter swiftly in reaction to the hunter’s touch.
They enter the yard, their weapons hidden and out of sight, not wanting to scare anyone… not just yet at least. Dean knocks on the front door, listening to it crack as he does so. There’s no answer for a while, and no voices coming from inside, so he knocks again, not yet ready to barge through the doors.
I kissed you and went on my knees for you, promising to hold your heart like it meant the world to me— because it did.
“Cas…” Dean swallowed again. Just the angel’s name coming from his own lips conjuring up the tears he had been suppressing for quite some time. “it’s Cas' chair. He liked sitting there, reading while I would be asleep" he added as he wiped away his tears and held onto miracle who could feel every ounce of pain the hunter felt.
The ex Nephilim nodded and waved his hand in front of Castiel's naked body, his beloved black suit and tan trench coat covering him up in a blink of an eye.
Dizzy with love, Castiel hears the three words escape his mouth before he can even get the chance to stop them. “I love you.” His breath hitches, and his eyes shoot wide open, reassembling the terrified ones of Dean.
Jack disappeared and Castiel revealed himself to the Winchesters. They were struck but neither of them had the capability to react to him.
Castiel doesn't say anything but simply nods, and for Dean that confirms it. He doesn't kmow how to respond to Castiel. As far as he was concerned Castiel didn't feel that way about him, or at least he was incapable to. Dean knows now that he might've been wrong— he's glad that he is but now that, for once, he actually got what he wanted, he doesn't know what to do. Dean could only dream of this and some part of him still wishes that that was the case. In his dreams he's free, there are no monsters, no demons or dickheaded angels and there's definitely no disapproving voice telling him that being into men is unmanly and disgusting. He doesn't have to deal with coming out to his brother and everyone else in his dreams— he can just love without thinking about the consequences. But that isn't the case right now and for a moment fear floods over him, clouding whatever other feeling he had not long ago, and before he could stop himself from saying anything his words are already out and judging by Castiel's reaction, they cut as deep as he feared they would.
Footsteps can be heard from inside, getting closer as the time goes by. The door handle turns and the door creaks. It opens to reveal a man behind it, his hair grey and his face as pale as a ghost’s. He looks about Dean’s age, but tired and withered, as if he’d hardly had any sleep since he lost his child, or since his child had been communicating with him from the dead.
Neither of them can explain the feeling coursing through them, it’s so new and exciting, yet calming and as old as the stars, that they both can’t comprehend it’s meaning. They don’t try to figure it out, though, they just let it consume them as they dance together until the song ends.
Dean’s eyes flutter open, and he let's out a groggy breath that’s followed by a sweet smile. “Baby, you know how I feel about being woken up so early.” His voice is as deep and majestic as a lion’s roar, and all that Cas is able to do is just kiss him again.
Things weren’t the same for Dean anymore, it couldn’t be when the one person he has truly loved beside his brother was gone. He was ripped to pieces, shredded, and each day felt like walking on hot coals. He could no longer go on, no matter how much he tried to. And as if things couldn’t get any worse Jack never answered his prayers, no matter how much he pleaded and cried. It was just silence, one so daunting that it suffocated Dean without even breaking a sweat. Every single minute of that silence brought him closer to death. He couldn’t continue fighting for his breath, fighting to keep his head above water. It was too much, and drowning seemed easier.
But, nothing happens. They stay like that for a while, hoping the other would make the first move but it doesn’t happen. Dean is first to move, he rolls off the angel and lends him a hand as if he couldn’t possibly get up on his own. They exchange smiles, awkward ones, and let the silence take over as they walk away and over to their car, looking everywhere but at each other.
"You could have just let me keep them. Or the baby at least."
“Why me, Cas? After so much time spent here, never speaking to anyone, never letting them see what you are, why me?”
“I was slightly drunk and very, very stupid.” He shakes his head, trying to dispel the prickle of tears at the corner of his eyes, unable to look at Dean directly but unwilling to stop talking, needing to get it all out at once. “It’s not a defense, but I think everyone is at that age. Stupid, I mean. Not slightly drunk.”
When he enters the living room he doesn't find Castiel flipping through TV channels as he expected. Instead he's studying a cordless drill with intent focus until Dean startles him with a steaming plate in front of his face. He places the drill on the floor before taking the plate reverently with both hands. Dean grabs the remote before he sinks into the cushion on the far end, flicking the TV on. He sees Castiel startle out of the corner of his eye, and when he turns to look he's staring at the screen, enraptured.
“What kind of guardian?”
“Yeah, I’ve been thinking about that a lot, too.” This is the moment he should act. He should cross the room and get out the box, fall on one knee in front of her, ask the question. He should. But he doesn’t.
Cas is being jostled around somehow, but his limbs feel heavy and his chest, his chest
"Come on. I'll explain on the way, but we better start moving." He grabs Dean's hand and pulls him down the hill.
"Who's this, Mr. Winchester?" Patience asks politely, but Ben pokes him in the ribs as he approaches.
Dean looks at his earnest face, open and honest and worried, and leans in carefully to kiss him. "I think you're going to learn that we both want the same thing."
"Yeah, that's a great idea, I can definitely..."
but I don’t know if I’d consider any of them friends. There isn’t a single person among them that I ever felt I could come clean with, not one. Not even because I thought it would change the way they look at me, but because I just didn’t think they would care. Now I feel like we’ve grown apart, because it was so important to me to prove that I could do great on my own, you know? And I felt like if I came home you’d know. You’d be able to see right through me, and I’d come home a total failure.”
"It would be unethical for me to ask one of the contestants for a date." It probably would have been more like begging than asking, but she doesn’t need to know that.
Charlie gives him a look that says she'd dope slap him if she wasn't trying to play it cool. "He must want to talk to you. So take the opportunity."
“I wasn’t
He works through the rest of the day, diligently clearing the main room of the scattered detritus that was John's daily life. He removes almost all of the old, worn furniture, leaving only the couch and the television for now. He uses some old newspapers he finds to scrub the remaining windows with vinegar and water, taking down all the threadbare curtains to let what's left of the waning daylight touch surfaces it hasn't seen in who knows how long. Dean flops onto the couch to catch his breath, looking around with satisfaction. It feels like a blank slate, and he can view the space now without feeling the history of it rubbing against the raw, open wound of his childhood. He drags himself into the kitchen, hunger warring with his exhaustion, remembering he hasn't eaten since the two pieces of toast and three cups of coffee he’d consumed for breakfast. Thankfully cooking relaxes him, and he finds the adrenaline that's been driving him all day slowly seeping out of his pores with the steam rising from the pot of boiling spaghetti.
He’s reread the story in Sam’s tattered old book so many times over the years to know it by heart, and learned enough of what’s true to know which parts are for real.
"Garth is more garrulous than nefarious, trust me."
“Well, since Rufus died Bobby inherited the role of pretending not to like anyone. Benny’s just cautious about new people. Don’t you worry about him.”
“Thank you for coming, really. You didn’t have to.”
, he thinks, staring down at the box so the emotion on his face doesn’t betray him.
Bobby had passed two years ago, and not a day goes by that Dean doesn’t still ache, and he feels his loss in every curl of wood that falls to the floor as he works. He removes the piece he's been working on from the vise, deftly putting another in its place before he finishes speaking.
“Are you glad that he’s dead?”
“Well,” Cas says as he moves to straddle Dean’s thighs in one fluent movement. “Allow me to demonstrate.”
The temperature has reached record setting lows, and Dean starts lighting a fire in the wood stove when they've finished up for the day, banking the coals at night. He wakes one morning in a room so cold that his breath fogs as he sits up in bed. He'd forgotten what it was like in these rooms in the winter, the way he and Sam would hoard every available blanket in the house to keep warm, but even so he doesn’t remember anything like this.
They stare out at the water for a few minutes, leaning against one another, the silence comfortable between them. Dean moves, drawing his arm back to reach down and grab Castiel's hand.
"Awkward?" Dean's statement throws him off and he blinks several times. "That’s not the word I was thinking of, no.”
“I have to go.”
probably in a leather bound, signed edition. Dean tenses automatically, a learned response that he's prone to whenever he thinks someone is disappointed in him. It's the type of conditioning he can never seem to shake, no matter how much he tells himself the reaction is unwarranted. Bobby has never treated Dean as a failure, but something in his blood can't help but expect it. Whatever might have come out of Bobby's mouth next is left unsaid, though, because a different voice echoes through the garage as a slight figure enters through the shop door.
“I’m sure it didn’t hurt that the goblin king was hot,” Eileen mutters into her glass.
“Sufganiyot, you heathen.”
"Come on Red, I thought you were with me on that."
Dean looks at Cas, who bites his lip, then nods.
“Take my hand, Dean.” He holds out his right, palm up, and Dean grins before sliding his own into it, like the beginning of a dance they’ve done a dozen times before.
“Well, it was very important that I see you, but I did not get a chance at the naming ceremony.”
"What type is that?"
"I can fly us in half the time."
“I-- I was-- I mean I did, not long after. I wanted to see you, I couldn’t wait any more, and I knew you weren’t expecting me so I wanted to blend in, just in case. When I didn’t find you at home I went to your former residence, and then I went to the home of young Adam.” He reaches up to wrap his hands around Dean’s wrists. “I did not know what had happened. Your true father answered the door, he explained before he told me where to find you. I wanted...I wanted to comfort you.” He pulls Dean’s hands away from his face, pushing him back, and Dean sits on the floor across from him.
"There he is!" Dean cries, racing down the nearest staircase, trying vainly to find a way to his little brother. Sam is on an opposite staircase, calling out his progress as he goes, but neither of them seem to be getting any closer to their prize or each other. As the clock begins to toll, Dean makes a desperate leap of faith and jumps.
"I've been too busy looking for a new place to live, honestly.”
“Concordia,” he whispers, hope fluttering within him. “Do you know it?”
"Shit," Dean says around a mouthful of egg. "It is a goddamn chupacabra."
“How do I even apologize for that? There's no text you can send that will explain why you deserve a second chance, which will certainly require a third, etc etc etc, because you always have to let them down for some reason, and then you’ll have to lie. Thus proving the point I've been making all this time!"
"Alright, but let's start doing a nightly sweep for any area fires, see if we can start to discern any kind of true pattern. Trap or not, whoever this is needs to be stopped before anyone gets really hurt. You guys do what you need to and call me tomorrow if there's anything I need to know; otherwise I'll see you both tomorrow night."
Those blue eyes widen, and Cas blinks several times like an owl. “Oh.”
"What will it take for this to end?" Cas sounds defeated and sad, but Dean can't get him to make eye contact as the owner of the voice comes into view on his right, inches away from his bound hand but eyes completely focused on Castiel and the apparatus that's restraining him like something out of a science fiction movie. "If I come back with you and agree to...the arrangement," and Dean doesn't miss the hesitant pause and the quick glance in his direction, "will you let him go?"
They've reached the end of the line and the unoccupied station, and Cas moves into the space, putting the prep table between him and Dean. "It was nice of you to make some introductions." Dean takes a step back at the wooden note in his voice, different from the warmth it held earlier. Not cold, necessarily, but guarded.
“How long do you think you can keep this up?” he asks, alarmed when the mirth leaves Castiel’s face in a hurry. “What did I say?”
It takes Castiel a moment to overcome his shock and form words. Usually Dean is full of confident swagger and Castiel follows his lead without question, but this, this vulnerable side of him, is somehow more compelling. He slides his hands up Dean's biceps and across his shoulders, letting one cup the back of his neck as the other slides into his hair, gently turning his head until they're facing one another.
It's late when Dean gets home from Sam's birthday dinner, so it’s very dark as he enters the back of the shop and ascends the stairs to the second floor. He doesn't hit the lightswitch even though he's balancing a small plate wrapped in plastic with a generous piece of extra cake on it, pressed into his hands by Kate as he left the house. He prefers pie, but only a fool refuses free cake, and he'd thanked her warmly before he left.
"There's got to be an entrance," Dean mutters as they slowly walk along the perimeter. "What the hell have you gotten us into, Sammy? Is this some kind of shared hallucination?"
"Oh, wow. That's him?" Dean pulls her back down.
“But why? I don’t understand. We had...I thought we were finally getting somewhere and then he just stopped coming. One night every year, for the rest of my life, those were the terms. There was no option to end it, so why?”
"Yeah, well, he taught me everything I know."
"Too late now, Sammy. The name Daredemon strikes fear into the hearts of evil men...within the greater Sioux Falls region, anyway."
The months pass, and life goes on as it always has in the Shadowlands. They harvest the summer fruits, Missouri turning them into pies and pastries that stain their fingers with berry juice and turn their tongues different colors. The goats and lambs are weaned, and Dean lectures Charlie about getting too attached to them, hearing Bobby in his own voice. The nights are too warm, making Dean more restless than usual, and his mind is full of Castiel even on the nights he doesn’t visit with him.
“Do you have the flar blar?”
He graciously takes his drink when she returns, sipping it as the rest of them sit down, before turning to address her directly. "I don't suppose you called for me to take both of them off your hands? It's out of the ordinary, since they’re both so grown” -- Sam glares at the appreciative look Balthazar gives him -- “but maybe we could find a way to make an exception."
It’s like a dagger of solid ice, piercing through him with a cold that makes him gasp, his worst fear about himself spoken aloud. He's never been skilled at nightlife or socializing, and at first he was attracted to Dick because it was so easy to just follow in his wake, let him take the lead. They went to art exhibits and gallery openings, high-end fundraisers and opening nights. It took two years before he realized that he didn't actually enjoy any of those things, that none of his boyfriend's skill at navigating a room was rubbing off on him, and that most people they interacted with weren't interested in getting to know him any better. His hobbies are about as compelling as his employment, which is to say not at all. Truth be told, he doesn't have any real friends except for Meg, and he pays her salary. Does that mean what Dick says is true?
"I'm pretty sure you rang
“What? When?”
I owned it.”
with everyone who passes by, ensuring that I get taken out by a well-trained assassin with an eyelid flutter deadly enough to get past you."
"My relatives, such as they are, are one of those groups who think that supers should only fraternize with those of their own kind. They've been selectively breeding with other like-minded clans for generations now, trying to keep the genetic material pure and under their control."
"Yeah, well. He was only home for five minutes before he ran back out with his friend, so." Dean shrugs, as though it doesn't matter, as though it doesn't hurt as much as his hand would have if he'd placed it two inches to the right. "He noticed this morning, made sure to thank me, says he loves it. So it was a success in the end."
"I honestly don't know."
Dean laughs lowly when Sam glares at her, then shoos them both back downstairs. “Stop ogling my boyfriend, you minx. Let’s go back downstairs and I’ll tell you everything.”
The man takes a step back, putting one hand on his chest.
Castiel looks over his shoulder, noting the sorrow and regret on Dean’s face, and his anger leaves him like a wave retreating from the shore. He lowers himself to the surface of the cloud, and Dean relaxes, leaning forward over his crossed knees.
"Of course. Something is definitely fishy. Owner is a subsidiary of a shell company owned by an investment group that's tied to a whole web of anonymous investors. You’ve only been out of contact for ninety minutes, so I haven't run all those down yet -- but whatever is going on there smells. Why are you in there?"
"No, but do keep trying, I find it very amusing."
He listens to the group of them now arguing outside the door.
, Dean.”
"Very funny."
“Yes, very tasty,” Crowley concurs with a purr, leaning closer to her. “He certainly does have a type, doesn’t he?”
“That’s most of the reason.”
Cas flops on to his back with a huff, putting his hands behind his head. "It's hard to explain how I got here, where I came from. Everything I told you was true, just not in a context that you recognize. I was born a soldier, and all of my life I travelled the world in service to that. I've seen and done...so many things, Dean. Things I regret."
the distracted one. Sure, Jan."
“Be a good boy, now, or you’ll force my hand, and then things will get very ugly.” The grip around Dean’s neck tightens. “Imagine the chain reaction that would occur if I accidentally dropped this grenade? Very messy for all of us.” He holds the grenade right in front of Dean’s face for emphasis. “So, I think you and I are going to escort my brother back to his little room, and then you are going to put him back into his restraints, and he is going to comply. And then in return for his compliance and his silence, he will keep you very much alive.” Dean says something, but it’s muffled. “What was that?”
"No.” He chases wayward bits of lettuce and cheese around on his plate with a fork. “How many do you think there were?"
A knock sounded at the door.
“He was by the river,” Sam explained. “He went north. To the foot of the mountain.”
Dean’s tears slowed to a trickle. “It’s a boy,” he sniffed, blinking back tears. “I knew you’d be able to tell.” He gave Cas a watery smile. “I know we did the right thing today. Some kid will grow up with a wonderful dog because of us. It’s just… Hard. This place feels emptier without him.”
The dryad took another, albeit smaller, bite of fruit, making appreciative sounds at the smoothness and robustness of the taste of the fruit gliding past his lips, flavors exploding across his tongue.
Castiel answered by blowing him a kiss, which Dean mimed catching.
Then Dean was well and truly alone, and that was how dawn found him, staring up at the fixed stars on his ceiling, the bed still rumpled from where Castiel had lain just hours before.
Their days were mostly spent taking care of their various animals, from the dogs (minus Pepper, who Sam had taken a liking to and insisted stay with him) to the kittens, who were growing larger and more rambunctious by the hour.
“Soon,” Dean promised. Once more, Castiel felt Dean’s shift his weight. “Fuck, you’re beautiful,” he observed. “So damn pretty.” From the uneven tone of Dean’s voice, Castiel could only guess what his lover was doing.
“Her!” Charlie corrected brightly, cheeks rosy with the glow of victory. “I’m bringing her over now.”
The water nymph shrugged, and began to approach Dean.
And then it came to say goodbye. Dean began to tear up, and wiped angrily at his eyes. “I was going to be cool,” he whispered to Cas, despondent.
Dean’s gaze softened, but his voice was still hard when he spoke. “You don’t get to run away because you get scared,” he said, stepping closer to Castiel and brushing the rain from the other’s shoulders. “We’re family.”
you and your angel mind-games.”
Castiel nodded, desperate for more – more of the sweet friction Dean was providing against his aching length, more of his lover’s slow, sultry kisses, more words of reassurance and adoration.
“I want that too,” Castiel whispered when they parted, rolling his hips up to meet Dean’s.
“Show me, Cas,” Dean’s voice came again, penetrating the fugue of his desire. “Show me your halo, angel.”
“Yes, but I
“I assume,” Castiel hastened to add. “I mean, I can’t read his mind or anything,” he said, and Dean rolled his eyes at the obvious bluff. “I just presume that’s what he was thinking about, but in any case, once he met Cherry Pie, he was a new dog. I think he’s ready for his forever home now.”
The sheriff chuckled at the looks on their faces. “Let me stop you there. This is the last animal to be rehabilitated. Most shelters in the area don’t take horses, and this poor mare was in no condition to ride out west another fifty miles or so. You’re doing this animal a great service, Mister…”
Dogs + Mud = Bad News is a well-known equation describing the motion of dogs through a muddy field, after which they will come inside and track primordial ooze all over your carpets and your furniture.
A broken whimper found its way past his lips, and he answered, “Understood,” in a ragged voice.
Life would be different without Ace, but there still wouldn’t be a dull moment even without him. That much was certain.
“If you want to thank me,” Castiel began, cupping Dean’s cheek in his palm, “start by telling me you’ll learn to love me again.”
Dean met his gaze, and they shared a long moment of silence, broken only by their breathing. “Cas,” Dean whispered. It was his turn to beckon the angel towards him for a hug. “You know that you’re everything to me, right?”
“And what might that be?” Dean injected.
“Well, darling,” Dean said with mirth, “you can always have mine.”
So I'm posting this on the night the SPN finale is set to air because I know we can all use some cracky fluff right about now.
It wasn’t nearly enough for Dean, and he ran his hands down Castiel’s thighs teasingly, prompting the angel to look down at him at once.
He got out of the car. “Cas?” He called out.
Gabriel’s eyes fluttered shut. “So it’s come to this again,” he said quietly. “You – pushing me away, exiling me from yet another fool’s paradise and sending me out into the wilds of this world. You – forsaking your own brother, yet again.”
? I’ve got a little more sway up on the mountain than your average angel.”
“Dean,” Mary said. “I…” Something about her had changed, but Dean couldn’t quite put his finger on it. “I was at Ryder’s house when a spirit he’d never seen before led us both to the river. I… I remember.” She smiled at him. “Two lives, one mind. It’s all a bit new.” She knelt down on the ground before Dean, took her son’s cheek in her hand, caressing it gently. “My son,” she said. “I know I haven’t always been the mother you needed. In another life…” She shook her head as if to clear the fog of memories that had settled in her mind’s eye. “But I’m here now.”
“You’ve met him?” Sam asked, eager.
“Give me an hour,” Dean said, pushing Castiel back onto the bed. At the feel of Dean’s need against his own, Castiel moaned and pushed their bodies even closed together.
“Absolutely,” Dean allowed, brushing the back of his hand against Castiel’s stubble.
“I know what you need, angel,” Dean soothed. Castiel let his eyes slip shut at the pet name, one he no longer deserved to be called by. His body went still, and Dean slowed in his ministrations. “Don’t go there, Cas; you’ll always be my angel,” Dean whispered.
Castiel was silent for a long moment. Dean looked at Sam, who was fiddling with his shirt.
“Dean, I can hear you thinking,” Castiel complained, shifting in his arms so they were pressed chest-to-chest, one hand moving to caress his lover’s face.
He pictured the last of Castiel’s Grace, shining so tenuously, little more than a tremulous pulse of light, of life – being poured into the river that he’d been bound to for a hundred years; more. He pictured Gabriel muttering the incantation that would render the drinking water into something that could make the other dryads remember with a single sip. He saw himself, cradling Cas as he fell to his knees, weakened, and he knew in that moment that he had to think of a Plan B – and quickly.
Dean watched him as he drank his fill, then he returned the water bottle to its place on the floor. Castiel watched as he rummaged around in the side drawer for a minute or two before coming back with a pack of baby wipes.
She strode up to him, took his chin in her hands, and turned his head this way and this. “There’s a spark in your eyes,” she said, smiling. “I suppose your absence can be excused, if young love is to blame.”
“Well, we’re one for two here. And I’m not going to risk your life with those kind of odds,” Gabriel said, with a meaningful glance at Sam.
Deep beneath the surface, a hint of a smile appeared on Castiel’s face, then was gone.
Dean was tired of hearing about the plans and schemes and men and angels. “I don’t suppose him dying was part of your ‘plan’ either,” he said, thrusting the tunic towards Gabriel.
Dean was just about to light a fire when a voice from the shadows softly called to him.
More lightning flashed. The sky darkened. Thunder rolled, more insistent than ever. “You shouldn’t be here,” Castiel spoke, voice forceful so as to be heard over the growing roar of the wind.
“Then why do you hide yourself away on that mountain? Why haven’t you gone to him?”
“So long, little bro,” the other said in parting.
It was a struggle to keep his hands from twisting in Dean’s hair, directing him to where he was most needed, but he did it, for Dean. Obedience had never come easily to him, yet Dean had always been both his weakness and his strength.
Castiel turned but didn’t let go of Dean’s shirt, effectively yanking him forward. “The storm is still a few miles away. There’s a barn not far from here.” Only then did he release the other.
“Gabriel?” Sam’s face scrunched up. “I’ve heard of him. But I’ve never been able to catch so much as a glimpse of him… Isn’t he the one all the others are afraid of?”
Castiel shook his head back and forth, but then Dean did something unexpected and brilliant and torturous all at once – he straddled him and lined up their cocks, taking them both in hand and beginning to stroke, so slowly it hurt.
“You’re alive,” Sam gushed. “I thought Michael, he’d…” Sam let his voice trail off; what he’d
The man had a smile that came and went like the tides. “I’m the one who pulled you into my waters.” He began to circle Dean. “And I’m not afraid to do it again.”
“That we have,” Michael agreed. “But we don’t have to spend another moment fighting.”
News of the couple giving shelter to strays and other wayward creatures spread, and soon, they found themselves with rather more animals than they had expected.
Dean bit his lip and grabbed a spoonful of the chocolate sauce, moaning around his spoon and making sure to lick it clean. “That’s funny,” he said. “Because I was under the impression that you were dessert.”
Cas leaned down to sweep Dean’s hair out of the way and press one last, tender kiss atop his temple, smiling sadly at him before turning and silently making his way down the ladder. The door was quiet as it was pulled shut, but the jingle of keys that preceded was loud in the predawn light.
Dean was helpless but to obey, and he came, biting down hard on his lip to stifle the burgeoning shout of pleasure lingering in his throat. Castiel stroked him through his release, and followed him over the edge just moments later before sinking down on top of Dean.
“You know I love you, right?” Dean said instead, smiling up at his lover.
Presently, Dean began to scowl at Charlie, who had been recovered from her universe healthy and largely happy, through the video chat feature of his phone.
The angels nodded their agreement and retreated into the gloom of the forest in the pre-dawn light.
“His tree,” Gabriel started.
“I’m here,” Dean assured him as they caught their breath. “I’m going to take off your blindfold, okay?”
“Thank you,” Castiel breathed.
(See the end of the chapter for
for food.
And Castiel, bless his broken soul, had told him. “Follow the river south. You’ll find the ruins of the city there.”
Castiel shook his head. Dean leaned into his angel, pressing their foreheads together.
Sam was kneeling down to gather from a final patch of chanterelles when Gabriel came upon him, like the ocean comes onto shore. He didn’t even time to utter a greeting when Gabriel was hauling him to his feet and staring him down with a piercing gaze, the depths of which were fathomless – he could tell this didn’t bode well, but couldn’t quite put his finger on the feeling sparking up and down his spine.
“Thank you for the water. I just woke up and I was so thirsty I could have drunk a whole horn of mead by myself.” He smiled at the image that conjured in his mind. “I was wondering if you could tell me about the Great Awakening.”
“I love you too,” Castiel whispered before raising one hand and bringing Dean in for a savage kiss. Dean was helpless in the face of such an onslaught of pleasures. He came hard, grunting out his pleasure and briefly collapsing on top of Castiel.
“He just wanted to talk,” Gabriel said, glancing at the incredulous stares of the others and shrugging as if he, too, were in disbelief. “I think your brother taught him that words can sometimes speak louder than actions.” He shook his head. “I know Adam would have been proud of Michael.”
Castiel stalked forward. “Very well.”
“Did Gabriel tell you that my tree is in bloom?” Dean asked, a hint of a smile gracing his features.
Dean let out a little ghost of a laugh and wiped a stray tear away. “I even don’t know why I’m crying,” he whispered, voice breaking.
Dean coughed into his fist, and everyone turned to him. “Ace does come with a catch, though.”
Dean nodded, then took a sip of coffee and reconsidered. “You know,” he began, and was about to go into a tirade about how when people asked what time it was, they usually wanted to know what time it was that moment, not at some indeterminate time in the future, but then he saw the look on Castiel’s face – all soft lines full of hope and anticipation, face haloed by the soft light of the lamp behind him – and couldn’t find the will to continue.
They reached for one another at about the same time, fingers intertwining as they met in a tangle of limbs and lips.
Dean smiled gratefully and spun back around.
Sighing, Castiel settled himself down at the river’s edge. “The tree he was bound to protect – does it still stand?”
“Me too,” Castiel panted. He leaned down for a final kiss. “That’s it,” he soothed when they pulled away. Dean was flushed and looked utterly wrecked, and Castiel couldn’t have found words for how beautiful he was in that moment if he’d tried. “Come for me, Dean.”
What followed next was a rush of words and phrases that tumbled out of Castiel all at once, and almost, but not quite, in the right order. He looked at Dean hopefully.
“No!” Dean said, a little too loudly. It scared some of the dogs, and woke up the kittens.
Dean smiled up at him, and Castiel couldn’t help but notice that his eyes were like twin stars – deep, green, shining things that never failed to captivate him and take his breath away. “You ready, angel?” He asked gently.
“Remember what? Being half-drowned?”
By the time their visitor had taken off her shoes, Castiel was quite a bit more composed. “Welcome to our home,” he said, coming to greet her.
“So we prove him wrong,” Castiel said. He turned to Dean and clasped the other’s hand in his own. “It won’t be the first time.”
“Spill,” Cas said.
“Dean,” Sam tried. “I-”
If I have achieved any manner of greatness, if I have known beauty or joy; if I have done anything worthy or worthwhile in this life, if I have seen the forest for more than the trees, it has been for the love of you.
Their eyes met. “Cas… If what you’re saying is true… I wasn’t loved by just
They were caught in each other’s orbit, and the kiss seemed to be an inevitable conclusion of their proximity and the heat between them. They met in a flurry of lips and tongue, Castiel’s hands coming to rest on Dean’s waist and wandering lower, until the doorbell rang and they sprang apart.
“I am perfectly happy in my relationship with Cas. Contrary to your belief, bisexuals are not sex driven animals and asexuals aren't broken people who will never find love and you have to be seriously messed up to think that sex is necessary for a relationship.” Dean snaps before standing up from the couch, pulling Cas up with him. “Thanks for having us, we’ll be leaving now.”
“Sam, I gotta tell you something.” Dean looked at the floor, a hand on the back of his neck.
One last question: What is your favorite tropes in fanfiction?
He takes out his old Walkman and puts the earbuds in his ears before falling back on his bed. He presses play and I Want To Know What Love Is begins playing. Dean scoffs then sits back up and stops the song, taking out the cassette.
He really was proud of Dean. After John Winchester, it’s a miracle that Dean was able to come to terms with his feelings, but Sam suspects that has a lot to do with the person those feelings concerned. Cas has been great for Dean and vise versa.
Surprisingly, Sam finished his plate first, saying something about needing to go finish something before running out of the room. Dean finished the rest of his breakfast ignoring the weirdness of the situation. The feeling only grew as Eileen and Cas grew more excited, well Cas seemed more nervous, but Eileen was practically vibrating.
“I know we don’t do gifts but I thought you would like this and that you could use it today so I wanted you to open it early.” Sam waved his hands, looking embarrassed and a little afraid that Dean would have a bad reaction.
Cas Novak, his literal
My school is handling going back really badly so I may have trouble finding time to write. I will try my best to update frequently!
He stepped over his body and into the room she had just exited, closing the door behind him. Inside a group of five more witches stared awestruck at the new and unexpected presence. Dean could see a large covered cage in the middle of the room behind the rapidly approaching witches and made it his goal to get to that cage.
The realization truly hit him there, in that moment surrounded by his family. He has people who love him and care about him, people who would take time out of their lives to celebrate his birthday. Things were a lot different than they used to be. They were better.
The road so far: Dean goes to report on a fight between a bunch of Gifteds that Charlie called in. When he gets there, something is off, and Dean barley gets out alive.
“Dean?” Cas called?
“Anywhere from five to nine days at the pace we are moving at. Are you sure you will be good for that long?”
Of course Sam had noticed the shift in Dean and Cas’s friendship. The lingering touches had a new confidence behind them, a surety. Their stares are full of promise instead of longing. Even a blind person could see how in love they were.
Here it is! The last chapter!
He was not prepared enough.
Cas cleared his throat before asking, “Are you Dean Winchester?”
--CHAPTER WARNINGS(SPOILERS)--
Thank you for reading! This chapter was a hard one and I just can't be satisfied with it no matter how many times i try to fix it, so I hope you liked it more than I did. I will try my absolute hardest to write more and get the next one out soon!<3
Sam was probably the most excited. He flew all the way from California to congratulate them in person and even got a little teared up by Dean accepting himself for who he was. He had stayed the remainder of the week and spent the whole time smiling at them and helicoptering around them to make sure it was real.
Tags:
“Good morning, Dean. Happy birthday.” Cas replied, still looking at the apron on the table.
School starts up tomorrow so depending on how it all works out with Corona, Chapters may take a bit longer to come out. I will try my best to write in my free time and get more chapters out soon!
He maneuvered out of the cage, grabbing the neatly folded pile of Cas’s clothes resting on a chair by the inside of the door. He must have missed it while he was busy fighting the group of witches who were kind enough to fold their prisoners' stolen clothes.
The last two witches he had only injured charged him but with no avail. Dean shot them both in the chest, watching as they sank to the floor in a bloody heap with the rest of their coven.
Thank you for reading! Leave a comment telling me what you think!
He rewets the rag and reaches towards the wing closest to him. As soon as he touches it, it stretches out the tip reaching to the opposite wall before flopping down with a wuff of air. Dean goes again with the rag, gently cleaning the feathers.
“Because…
Thank you guys for sticking with me to here! You are all so kind and patient with me! Enjoy!
I have no issue with writing one but I didn't have one planned and someone had asked if I was going to. I figured I would just ask whether or not you guys wanted it and go from there. Thanks for reading!<3
Squirrel verse, Crack, humor
I enjoyed writing this chapter but am very excited for the next one. There will likely be 2 more chapters(including an epilogue) and it's done! Thank you for sticking with me so far, I wouldn't have been able to do it without you!
“I don’t know what happened between you and Cas but please, fix it. It's hurting him.” She whispered.
(See the end of the chapter for
The floorboards creaked as Dean approached the door, carefully placing his feet in what spots looked like they would be able to support his weight. He held his already loaded gun pointed at the door, reaching for the handle with the other. Tentatively, he turned the knob, quickly stepping inside and closing the door behind him.
Sam smiled at his brother, striding across the room to wrap him in a hug.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
“CASSIE!” Gabriel shrilled as he opened the door, pulling his younger brother into a tight hug. Dean must have been staring because next Gabriel turns to him with a wide smirk. “Aww, Dean-o, is my baby brothers boy-toy feeling left out? Come’ere-” He pulled Dean into a bone-crushing embrace that left him a little light headed when the shorter man
It's a bit confusing but I kinda did the "love breaks all spells" thing.
There was a gas-lit fire burning in the large fireplace under the mantle where the TV hung, traditional Christmas music playing off one of those music channels. Cas led him over to the couch, adjusting the throw pillows to make the stiff furniture a little more comfortable. Gabriel strode in just as they got settled and splayed himself out on a white leather chair across from them.
This is a bit of a longer chapter. There are also some chapter warnings...
He’d just put the last plate in the cabinet when the doorbell rang. Dean quickly walked over to the door, running his fingers through his hair before opening it.
“Gabriel, I didn’t expect you to be here.” Cas said, surprised.
Well y'all, here you go...
Cas released a huge shuttering breath and relaxed into Deans embrace. Dean held him for a few moments longer before releasing him and putting an arm around his shoulder and leading him into the living room.
The brothers talked a bit more before Dean retreated to his room, a cup of coffee in each hand. Dean had relaxed as the conversation went on and a smile had lit up his face in a way Sam hadn’t seen until Cas came around.
Dean pulled his sleeve back down and looked into his own green eyes in the mirror. He could almost hear Sam's voice saying it with him as he whispered to himself, “Dad was a bastard and a terrible father. You can love whoever you want, Dean, It’s ok.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Because,” Cas said in a small voice, “I care about you and your hurting and I want to help but I don't know how and I don't know if its my fault or something that happened in the past and seeing you like that and being able to do nothing makes me feel so useless-”
“Yes. Now help me.”
Dean stopped laughing and looked at Cas, “My name is Dean Winchester. I am an Aquarius. I enjoy sunsets, long walks on the beach, and frisky women,”Cas stared at him for a moment before Dean continued, “My mom passed when I was 4. I lived with my Dad if you could call what we did living for about 10 years until I was taken in by Bobby and Ellen. I worked as a mechanic with Bobby while Sam went to college until I decided to go to the military. I was there for 5 years until my knee got messed up and I was sent home.”
“K then, see you later.” Dean grumbled, grabbing his keys and closing the heavy front door hard behind him.
Thank you guys for reading! I'm going to try and get the next chapter out in a week or two but that may or may not happen. I've been going through a hard time figuring out who I am, my great grandma died of COVID(and old age) a few days ago, and I had just found out yesterday that one of my friends has been doing self harm and want to help but don't have the resources. Thank you for being patient with me!
“You can be both,” Castiel laughed, leaning down to kiss his lover.
“Well, it was about time,” Sam said, and got to work.
“It’s just you and me, angel, ‘til the end,” they said in unison.
Dean had never loved the rain, though he’d taken to noticing in the most recent years of his life that the sky always seemed more beautiful just before the thunder, during those last few fragile moments of peace before the Heavens themselves seemed to open and the rain fell in thick, heavy rivulets.
“Of course,” Dean said, and led her further into the house.
And, shaking his head in half in despair and half in disbelief, Castiel told them everything that had transpired. Below them, the ground began to tremble. “He’s here,” Castiel said. “Michael’s come down from the mountain.”
Carefully, he shook a single seed out of the vial. He’d plant one and bring its fruits to Cas when he was done with his chores. The seeds each took hours to bless, consecrate, and enchant, but they bloomed within minutes. In return for one’s hard work, they gave fruit that sparkled and glowed and, best of all, tasted like pie.
“Very much so,” Castiel replied, but he was momentarily distracted by the way Dean licked his lips and amended, “Well, probably rather important. I mean- Well, I suppose it could wait a few moments.” At this point, Dean was nibbling along his collarbone, one hand gently moving down the dip of Castiel’s waist. Castiel was quite distracted and growing more eager by the second.
“Dean,” Castiel spoke, reaching forward, clutching damp handfuls of Dean’s shirt in his fists. “It’s too dangerous out here. You should go.”
“Answer me!” Dean barked. They were standing, in the pouring rain, too close for comfort, yet the distance between them seemed impassable.
Duke – named by Dean
But none answered him. Sighing, Dean made his way to the door of the farmhouse, lifting the knocker and letting it fall.
Castiel’s eyes narrowed.
This is exactly the sort of fluff I need to write after Thursday's episode. I am still ruined - both by the fact that the show has ended, and the way in which it was ended.
Smiling up at the sky, Castiel laughed. He willed a wind to blow, but the elements did not respond to him as they used to.
But a drawer of the desk was ajar, now, where it had been lying flush against the wood just a moment before.
Dean’s jaw dropped open. “Mom?” He questioned.
Castiel’s eyes narrowed. “I can speak to all of creation, Dean. I’m an angel.”
“It’s alright,” Dean said, before Castiel could apologize. “I get like that too, sometimes. There was a fire, a few years back…” He handed Cas the fruit and hugged his knees to his chest. “Killed my dad.” Sighing, he said, “Sammy always talks me down.”
He opened his eyes. Through the flowing waters, he could see a young dryad approaching. In one fluid motion, he leapt up to the surface as though propelled by invisible wings.
And that is the story of how Dean and Castiel showed up at the Bunker several hours later, very sticky and covered with chocolate sauce and an assortment of other stains, after having had mind-blowing sex only to later remember that the shower hadn’t been connected to the water reservoir quite yet.
“You better have brought me coffee,” Dean said, sticking one hand out of the cocoon of blankets and dogs he was currently buried under.
Gabriel sighed a long, world-weary sigh. “It would hurt too much. I loved him for who he was, and what he stood for. I don’t know who he is, now, and it’d dishonor his memory to go cavorting about with someone who looked like him and spoke like him – and wasn’t him.”
“So good, Cas,” Dean gasped. “So perfect. Love you… So much,” he added, hips snapping forward as he chased his orgasm, sheathed as he was inside his lover.
In the distance, the horizon blurred into little packets of heat and humidity. The fields of corn were unyielding, save for the small semicircle of flattened crops that fanned out around the place where Castiel appeared to have crash-landed.
“Cas, wait,” Dean called.
Dean rolled his eyes. They had, of course, stuck by their original agreement to allow Castiel to name his favorite of the growing cats, but at the last moment Dean had blurted the name “Candy Cane.” Castiel had sighed, and accepted the fact that Muffin, Peaches, Clementine, Honey, and Cherry Pie needed a sibling with a name like Candy Cane instead of, oh, say, Tabitha or Katherine or Lady, or really, just about anything else that wasn’t even remotely sweet-related.
“The rains will let up,” Dean assured him, pressing a kiss along the stubbled line of his jaw.
“Anything,” Castiel said, voice soft.
He found himself floundering in the river a moment later, pulled in by invisible hands.
“Dean, please don’t tell me the fruit is for
,” Castiel interrupted.
And that was how Dean Winchester ended up with a box of dirty, smelly baby opossums, mewling helplessly and giving him the occasional growl.
“There’s a storm coming,” Castiel said, voice urgent. “What’s happened? Where is Sam?” He asked, then added, almost to himself, “What have you done?”
“Thank you,” Castiel whispered, eyes filling with tears. “Thank you.”
Dean nibbled along the length of Castiel’s collarbone, sending shivery sparks down the length of his stomach. He writhed beneath Dean, who took pity on him and slipped his leg between Castiel’s to allow the other to rut against him.
“Why would anyone abandon their farm?” Castiel wanted to know.
It occurred to Dean sometime between his second shot of tequila and his third finger of whiskey that maybe, just maybe, Castiel would find his way back to him, if not through the dark and the void and the stars and the vastness between them, then through words.
They kissed for a while before coming up for air, both of them breathless from the meeting of their lips.
“Oh, Cassie,” Gabriel said, tsking a bit as he lowered himself down beside his little brother. “I know how much that hurts.”
“You don’t,” a gratingly familiar voice said from just beyond the tree-line. “She’s a wild horse. No one has ever trained her.” Castiel sounded distracted. “It’s a good sign that you were able to ride her. It means you still have some dryad left in you.”
“As for your darling mother…” Gabriel sighed. “She was a gift,” he confessed. His eyes fixed on Dean. “Hello,
“Seven,” Castiel corrected.
Castiel turned to him and placed a gentle hand on his cheek. “We live,” he began. “And we love, and we laugh and we remember what came before and dedicate ourselves to building something better – we find great and lasting truths, we forge an unshakable peace that will not be swayed by Heaven or Earth, and we remake the world in its image.”
“Oh?” Castiel tried to hide the disappointment in his voice, but some of it bled into his tone.
Dean didn’t surface for three days, during which Castiel rarely left his side. Occasionally, he would trickle river water into Dean’s mouth, and mop his brow. The fever didn’t break until dawn of the third night, at which point Dean slowly roused.
“Alright,” Castiel spoke, standing himself and beginning to slink back to the river.
Dean leaned down and kissed him. It was a hungry, desperate kiss, but it was also so full of love that Castiel was overcome. Dean’s hand moved frantically between their bodies, and it wasn’t long until Castiel was coming with a long, drawn-out moan, spilling into Dean’s hand and going limp under him.
And so Dean let his mother rest his head upon her lap, and allowed her to soothe him into a deep, dreamless sleep.
He would sleep on dry ground, tonight – but first, there were many miles to travel upstream.
In which Dean isn't exactly pleased to learn of another horse five (and a half) minutes before she is due to arrive.
“Ha-ha,” Dean responded. “Very funny.” As the eldest son of the family, it was his job to see to the upkeep of their home, forage in the forest surrounding their dwelling, and feed the animals as well as his family. As his younger brother, Sam got to do cool stuff like go out hunting, and knew more Magic than Dean would ever. “Mom come home with you?”
It turned out that Dean and Castiel’s computer skills were limited, to say the least. Sure, they could Google what the best and safest way to cook rhubarb was, something they probably should have done before Dean had gotten sick from it and required a few days of bed rest and babying despite Castiel assuring him the healing process was quite complete.
After checking Castiel’s pulse, peering into his eyes, and spinning him around until he was dizzy, Gabriel declared that Castiel was now completely, irrevocably human.
The memory of last time – when Castiel had brought Dean breakfast in bed in a gesture that didn’t quite go as planned and ended up in not one, not two, but three separate loads of laundry being done – the whites with bleach, the blankets and their rug without – was enough to rouse Dean to near wakefulness.
“Same, kiddo. Same.”
“What now?” Dean asked, finally breaking the silence.
“Ace,” Violet said, immediately making the connection between his spot and the reasoning behind his name. The dog turned to her, attentive. “Is he trained?”
Everything hung in the balance for a moment. The stars stilled in their orbits, the tides stopped responding to the ever-present tug of the moon, and the celestial bodies all trembled and stood still.
“Dean!” Sam’s voice penetrated the fugue. It clearly wasn’t the first time the other had spoken his name.
First came the crocuses, then the bluets and the redbuds, and finally the Harbingers of Spring, blooming all across the forest floor and in the meadow where the deer came to graze, famished after the long, difficult winter. The bears lumbered out of their dens, their cubs spilling out of the places they’d slept through the winter within, tumbling down small hills and splashing in the streams fed by glacial runoff from the mountain range that bordered the forest to the north. Hawks swooped in and out of the trees, looking for a tasty morsel of food, while the chipmunks scrambled to the safety of their burrows. As dawn paled the sky, the owls began to hoot, softly singing one another an ancient lullaby. All through the forest, the sounds of the slow-waking world shrugging off the last vestiges of sleep echoed and returned.
Castiel cried out, the pleasure of it overwhelming his senses and making him lose all sense of propriety.
“I’ll be back in the morning,” Dean promised.
“Briefly,” Dean said. “You were saying?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Screw Michael,” Dean said, the words rising like an impulse within him. “I’ve said ‘no’ to him before, and I’ll do it again.”
Castiel stepped closer, into Dean’s personal space. After what had transpired between them the previous week, Dean couldn’t help but think it was a deliberate attempt at provoking him.
Gabriel’s features took on a savage look. “I know you are still hoping he will come to us and raise the Heavens and move the Earth. How many decades has it been, now? You’ve lain in this riverbed a century; more. I know you still believe in Him.” Gabriel shook his head. “Your faith is unshakable, brother. God has been gone since you were a fledgling and from what I’ve heard, he’s been absent since the time of Lucifer’s creation.”
“Please,” Castiel moaned. “Can I-”
Only the slightest of blushes paraded itself briefly across Dean’s visage, and departed as quickly as it had come; he’d gotten used to such little gestures and words of love, and though he never failed to appreciate them, he had long since learned not to get flustered, as he had in the first days and weeks and years of their marriage.
“I told you something important a long time ago,” Cas replied. “Do you remember what it was?”
“Yes, but-” Dean gave Castiel a little pout, and Castiel stopped short. “Don’t give me that look, Dean Winchester.”
“Gabriel,” Sam said softly. It was still raining, but a sudden lull in the storm came as a welcome relief to them all.
“Show me,” Dean said, in the same softly insistent voice he’d been using all evening. “Show me and I’ll give you everything you need or want or desire.”
Sighing, Castiel shook his head. “I had hoped he might. I suppose I was wrong.”
“Thank you,” he breathed. “A thousand times; thank you.”
“Thank you,” Dean breathed. He turned back towards the trees. “I should… Go. Apparently I’ve got a list of chores a mile long. Sammy covered for me when I went to see the ruins of the city, but if I’m ever going to adjust to… This… I should at least make an effort,” he said.
“Did you?” Came a voice that was distinctly not Dean’s. “As if I could forget my baby brother,” it continued.
“Dean, I’ve got something for you.”
And Dean tried to speak, he did, but the words caught in his throat. He leaned forward instead, pressing his forehead against Castiel’s and trying to distract him with a kiss, then another.
They laid like that in the glow of the aftermath for a little while, Castiel with his head pressed to Dean’s chest, listening to the gentle thrum of the other’s heartbeat.
Eventually, he rolled over onto his side of the small, narrow bed, and held Castiel close to him in the aftermath.
The possums were cute.
“You are. How could you doubt that, Dean Winchester? You are the reason I breathe, the reason I love; the reason for my existence. I love these dogs, yes. Of course, I do. But I love the fact that we’re raising them together. I love the fact that it’s
Dean was by the river almost as soon as dawn had broken, but Castiel was nowhere to be found.
“Cas?” Dean sat up too quickly and earned himself a bout of vertigo. He didn’t remember seeing Castiel this far from the river in, well, forever.
Dean closed his eyes and counted to five and a half before continuing. “Cas… You can’t spring these things on me anymore. If we’re doing this, we’re doing it together. No more lies, no more secrets, no more surprises – well, I say no surprises. I mean of the animal kind. The other kind are, well…” he said, chuckling a bit and allowing his mind to wander for a moment back to his earlier plans. “I mean it, though,” he added, humor fading from his voice. “Please.”
Castiel pretended to ponder this for a moment. “I recall hearing something similar from my husband, perhaps – oh – five moons ago?”
“Wait,” Dean said, holding up his hands. “You don’t remember being human?”
“You say that now,” Castiel whispered, finally releasing Dean. “Anything can happen.”
Dean blushed deeply, and he met Castiel’s gaze and said, “I know.”
Nodding, Dean searched Sam’s eyes. Someone must have loved him. In another life. An angel. He smiled, tears flooding his eyes.
“Sam fell ill,” Castiel sighed. “You were lucky, you were immune. You nursed him, you tried magic, you tried to make a deal… But there weren’t any demons who’d bite. He died a long time ago.”
This wrenched a smile out of Dean, but it was a brief, sad little parody of a smile, and was gone as quickly as it had come. “You know, I never thought I’d miss Mirabel. Or any of the dogs. But deciding which ones to put up for adoption… It’s rough.”
Mr. Fitz was the first to brave the damp ground, and once he found it to his liking, some of the other dogs, Duke included, rushed out into the yard, splashing in the puddles and skidding around the place, kicking up copious amounts of muddy water and damp earth.
The image of the city haunted Dean as he rode.
“What?” Castiel stopped hyperventilating for just long enough to look perplexed.
It turned out the dog’s name was Mirabel the III, which Dean thought was a rather pretentious name for a dog, but at least she’d come to them spayed.
“You’re still looking at me like that,” Dean laughed.
“I was paying penance,” Castiel answered.
Towards the back, a well-lit line of stalls was stocked with what looked like toys, food, treats hay, and a spare salt lick for the horse.
Castiel came up to Dean, and placed an arm around his shoulder. “It’s okay,” he repeated.
“I trust you,” Castiel said, bracing himself for the intrusion.
“Gabriel?” Was the first word on Sam’s lips when he awoke, and the archangel grinned.
“Dean…” Castiel looked stricken. “I don’t know how to tell you this, but that day in the warehouse…”
“That’s only half of it,” Dean said, grinning.
Gabriel shrugged, morosely. “Tell me more about this young dryad,” he said, sitting down upon the banks of the river.
“All of them?” Castiel sounded slightly horrified.
“You’d know better than me,” Sam said quickly. “Was there any angel in her life? One who loved her?”
“Doubt it,” Dean said, without thinking. A lightbulb went off in Sam’s head.
He couldn’t read Dean’s expression as the other leaned over the side of the bed to retrieve a water bottle he’d briefly placed in the freezer earlier. Castiel gratefully accepted it, pleased to find it was still cold.
“Do you want to remember your life before this? Do you want to remember everything?”
“You’re lucky she didn’t,” Sam said disapprovingly. “It’s the first day of the season, and you planted our most sacred crop.”
Gabriel pressed his forehead against Sam’s. “So you remember everything,” he breathed, relief evident in the way the tension he’d been carrying around his shoulders like a second skin finally began to release him from its clutches.
“Yes, but it won’t be bright enough to bother us for hours.”
doesn’t bow to anyone. It’s cruel and unalterable and it doesn’t give a damn.”
Castiel had been tracking visitors to their website, and was pleased to find that traffic was picking up, especially in the surrounding area. Slowly but surely, word made it around their town and several others about The Winchester Shelter for Strays.
“I love you, too,” Castiel assured him, smiling and reaching out for Dean.
Everything was magnified in the dark, every sensation amplified a hundred-fold, every whisper of Dean’s clothing against his skin grating against his senses.
“I’m scared of losing you again,” the other whispered, twin trails of tears making their way down his face. Gabriel wiped them away angrily. “My answer still stands,” he said, ignoring the proffered hand and rising on his own.
“Where are you going?” Sam asked.
Dean slid closer to Castiel and began to ask all the questions he had. Had he and Sam been brothers, in their life before? What had the world been like? How had he and Sam both found love in the arms of an angel? How had they travelled so far, so fast? And what of their family, and their friends?
“Maybe you should.”
“We’re by the river, Dean,” Castiel said. “What’s the last thing to remember?”
“You were a hunter,” Castiel sighed. At the stricken look in Dean’s eyes, he belatedly remembered that Dean now had strong bonds with the animals of the forest. “Not of animals. Of monsters,” he hastened to add. “You and your brother travelled the country in search of people in need of saving.”
Laughing despite the presence of Castiel’s lips against his own, Dean kissed back as well as he could, body feeling like a livewire overflowing with a mix of relief and joy and the feeling of being beloved. “Cas,” Dean said, once he could breathe again.
“Nope.” Dean smiled unapologetically. “But there can be chocolate sauce,” he said, sauntering over to the island where the fixings for dessert were waiting.
Sighing, Michael raised his hands, as if in surrender. “If you want it to end this way, I’m more than ready for this wretched existence to be over.” He approached Gabriel with slow, deliberate steps. “Go on. Draw your blade, brother. I swear I’m more than half in love with death.” He stopped just inches away from Gabriel. Only then did he spread his arms. “Go ahead. Do it.”
Gabriel looked around at the gathering twilight. “It’s getting late. I should be back before nightfall if I leave now.”
The city stood across the waters – and Dean put a hand over his mouth and willed himself not to be sick.
There was that smile that Castiel so loved, and those eyes, which were darker, now, in the moonlight, than they had been in the morning’s light.
“Boys,” she scolded gently. “And you, Dean. Where have you been?” She put a hand on her hip, and Dean didn’t trust himself to speak at the sight of her, and turned helplessly to Sam.
A rather pregnant lady appeared in their doorway, and Castiel went to her side. “You must be Violet’s partner,” he said, holding out a hand for her to shake. “I’m Cas, and this is my fiancé, Dean Winchester.”
“You want to know what I think?” Dean asked. “I think you’ve got a beef with Michael and you are willing to destroy everything and everyone in your path just to drive the dagger of your petty, petty revenge deeper.”
“Well, for one, it’s what’s keeping you alive,” Gabriel hissed. He cast his eyes up the length of the trunk. “And another thing. It’s not a flowering tree.”
“I thought you didn’t have a flowering tree,” Castiel said.
The angel was kneeling in the tattered stalks of corn, facing the fast-fading sun.
“I mean – haven’t you felt it? The nephilim? The child of our sister?” Michael sighed, and took a step back, then another. “Don’t you understand? A nephilim could be the salvation of us all. We could…. Rebuild. There could be more to this forsaken world than just this forest, and the mountain range that borders it. I couldn’t see it. A future. Not without… Without Adam,” he finished, choking on those final few words. “But now, I can. So I came. To thank you. And to apologize. For doubting you.”
“Of course not,” Sam had sighed. “I’m the younger brother, so it falls to me to manage the matters of household, to trade with other dryads and to forage, and of course to practice magic of healing and strength.”
“Why not?” Dean said between swallows.
Their bodies gravitated together once more, and their lips met in one final, chaste kiss. Then they parted and went their separate ways, Dean towards his brother and Gabriel, and Castiel downhill, past the tree-line, to the edge of the river, where the water raged and roiled.
“I thought I was what made your life worth living,” he said, aiming for gruffness but falling far short, if only based on the way Castiel looked down at him and lifted his chin until he was staring at him with such intensity that Dean felt as though Castiel were peering into the very heart of the burning star that was his soul, unflinchingly.
“Love you, buddy,” Dean whispered.
Castiel restrained himself from reaching for Dean once more. “Please,” he breathed.
“So you’re saying that an angel loved me?”
Because I love you, Dean. I love you like kindling loves fire, like the ocean loves the shore, like the moon loves the world when she is full of joy and light and life.
Castiel gritted his teeth and forced himself to stop squirming. He tried to take deep, measured breaths, but then Dean wrapped a hand around his aching cock and he lost all semblance of self-control once again, bucking wildly into Dean’s touch.
“Help me understand,” Dean pleaded. “Help me navigate this world.” When the other was silent, Dean turned away for a moment to compose himself. “Don’t leave me to do this alone.”
Gabriel’s eyes fell on Sam. “Which means…” He trailed off.
Dean rolled his eyes. “So you’re saying you’re buying the whole ‘beloved by angels’ thing? Because I’m sure as hell not.”
“Cas, I can’t.” Dean ran a hand through his hair. “I can’t allow this to ruin whatever we have between us.” He motioned to his forehead. “You said you could heal me. Well, I’m asking you, now, to undo whatever stupid thing I just did. I don’t want our first time to be because I took some stupid pill.”
“You’ve told me a lot of things, angel,” Dean replied.
“Ready?” Dean asked after a brief interlude of silence, broken only by the ragged sounds of their breathing.
“If and when we get more horses, we’ll have to empty out some of the stalls I’m using for storage right now, but you get the idea,” Castiel said, bringing Dean back to the present moment.
“But-” Dean tried to protest, looking stricken.
Castiel found him sitting by the foot of the tree, lost in a spinning maelstrom of thoughts and emotions that he couldn’t quite begin to tame.
“The river is my home,” Castiel said, firmly. “I can sleep on its bed tonight, as I have for the past century. And I can and will continue to do so until I see fit.”
The river was silent, and stilled in its course.
“Hello?” He called out. “Mr. Nymph?”
“Everything looks beautiful, Cas,” Dean assured his lover, who was sit fretting over the positioning of the plate of snacks he’d prepared for their guest.
Castiel made a soft sound of surprise, and every part of him wanted to wrap his wings around Dean, protect him, cradle him, but he contented himself with throwing his arms around Dean as they came to a stop.
“No!” Castiel exploded. “No, you don’t. You haven’t laid eyes on your beloved since the Fall. You won’t even look at him from afar, let alone visit him! You say you love him, yet-”’
“Dean?” Sam questioned, voice cracking.
Castiel met Violet’s eyes for a moment longer than was socially acceptable, and then he did the same to Becca. “He’s yours,” he said.
Presently, Sam laid a hand on Castiel’s shoulder to shake him out of his reverie.
“Let me get this straight,” Sam was saying. “You’re commissioning me to build you a website because you have too many dogs.” He grinned at Castiel. “What happened to ‘there’s no such thing as too many dogs, Sam. Such a number would be incalculably large.’ You have, what, six of them?”
“Oh,” Gabriel said. One hand was clenched behind his back, archangel blade in hand, singing for blood to be spilt.
Castiel decided to humor him for a moment, and settled down beside Dean. “How could I forget?”
Then he felt something warm and wet settle upon his shoulder, and spun around, heartbeat quickening and breathing coming fast for a moment before he realized it was just Lily.
Something soft and warm settled upon his shoulder, and Dean was briefly startled. “Hey there, little lady,” he said to the horse that had appeared at his side.
And that is the story of how Dean and the angel Castiel acquired half a dozen mewing kittens, which would remain charming and cute and positively angelic until around 4 a.m. in the morning, at which point they turned into hungry, biting, mewling demons
The end of summer was crashing upon them, the humid August heat weighing them down with the worries of the world beyond this season of freedom and frivolousness. The space they’d carved out in this suburban haze just for themselves was closing in around them as they began to suffocate under the promise of autumn.
Sam resisted a childish urge to stick out his tongue at Dean, and said, “Of course I’ll help you, Dean. You just had to ask.” And then he smiled again. “Incalculable.”
Castiel closed his eyes and prayed. When he opened them again, he smiled and said, “He’ll be here by the time the sun reaches its zenith.”
“For Castiel’s Haven for Runaway Dogs, Unwanted Cats, and Other-”
Thirty-Three Years Later:
“Because if this horse is anything like you, I’m probably going to take one look at her and-” Dean paused, suddenly overcome with the memory of the night they’d met. He could feel the heat of the sparks as they fell, taste the adrenaline on his tongue as that night in the warehouse came rushing back to him. They’d lost so many things along the way, but at least they had still each other.
“Oh,” Michael said, gasping half in surprise and half in delight at being in Gabriel’s warm arms. “This is nice,” he noted, wrapping his arms around his little brother and smiling. “It’s been a long time since…”
Castiel was torn between accepting the help of his brethren and telling them to save themselves, but it was Gabriel who made the choice for him, stepping forward with a tender smile on his face.
“You what?” Gabriel began to crack up. “Oh, that is the funniest thing I’ve heard in a long, long time. You know Michael wasn’t exactly born with a funny bone.”
“Brother, don’t stand in my way. We’ve danced to this beat before and it didn’t end pretty,” Gabriel warned.
After a long moment, they drew apart. “As a human, you won’t live as long as a dryad,” Gabriel said.
Another moment passed, and Castiel could now hear the slick sounds of Dean preparing himself. His fingers twitched, wishing it were his fingers sliding in and out of his lover.
For a long moment, Dean hesitated. To burden Sam with this knowledge would be wrong – wouldn’t it? Or did he deserve to know? And why hadn’t anyone come calling for his hand, if he truly had been so loved by an angel in a past life? “Come inside, and I’ll tell you everything.”
Castiel peered up at Dean, blinking away the darkness.
“No. I am so sorry that I hurt you with what I said earlier. But I need you to know that you are my family, first and foremost. You are my home. You’re everything, Dean. You’re the cake; the dogs are the icing.”
“Yeah, Sammy?” Dean asked, not turning to face his brother.
Castiel put a hand on Dean’s elbow, and led him over to Ace’s crate, when the dog was sitting placidly, no doubt awaiting his new life with equal parts excitement and trepidation. “It’s okay, Dean,” he said, wishing he could offer more than platitudes. “Go say goodbye.”
Dean gave him a small smile, but had to look away after a moment. The angel’s eyes were the kind of blue it hurt to look upon, the bluest blue and bluer still. “I promise,” he said.
“So?” Dean asked, taking a slow sip of coffee.
Dean wasn’t sure what kept his hand scrawling across the page as he wrote, wasn’t sure what spirit of mourning possessed him as he went out back and set the letter afire.
And that was the beginning of a very long evening during which Sam suffered through various public displays of affection between his brother and said brother’s angelic fiancé, and while Sam was happy for them, he wasn’t quite as ‘happy’ as Dean and Cas seemed to be, nor was he thrilled with the fact that the Bunker’s insulation was more than a little substandard and he was, in fact, rather put off by the fact that Dean and Castiel kicked all the dogs out of their room for some privacy, if only because that meant that he had to spend the night relegated to one corner of his bed while the rest was overtaken by a growing number of dogs all sleeping in one peaceful, snoring pile.
And then the rains came. The skies opened up, the clouds bringing pouring rain in their wake, lightning flashed, and thunder rumbled low in the middle distance. The dogs all scrambled inside, tails tucked between their legs. The next few hours were spent building a progressively larger pillow fort using all of their chairs, most of their blankets, some pillows, a few sheets, and just a smattering of Grace.
A look of remorse settled across Michael’s features. “You made your bed, Gabriel.” He shook his head. “Now lie in it.”
“Cas,” Dean said, approaching his lover. “You’re going to have to slow down. Take a deep breath,” he suggested.
“You know,” Castiel was saying as they settled into their little nest of sorts. “The dogs are going to have to go out eventually.”
The stars were fading with the dawn, and he watched the last of them dim and disappear, contemplating the world they’d left behind. Nights with Castiel always had sent him back to the fathomless wilds of the past, when they’d been glowing and golden in their youths; but that light had long since fled, and they were left to face the savage dawn of a brave new world – older, perhaps, but scarcely wiser.
“Wait,” Sam called as the other wrenched himself free of Sam and turned to go. Gabriel didn’t pay him much heed.
“Shh,” Gabriel soothed him. “I know,” he said, as Michael started to cry. “I know,” he repeated, hoping that his touch would be a comfort to Michael even as words failed him.
“I can promise you,” Becca began, “that we wouldn’t do that to Ace. He’s been through enough. What do you say, Vi?”
“It wasn’t a suggestion,” Castiel continued. “I already told Mrs. Randell that we’d take the mare. She was a broodmare, but she’s getting on in years.” Castiel fixed his gaze on Dean. “I couldn’t bear the thought of them putting her down just because she can’t have foals anymore.”
“I’m sorry, but I can’t do that,” Gabriel sighed. “I’ll talk to my brethren. Maybe once they see that Dean still lives, they’ll wish for their dryads to remember as well. If and only if that goes well, we’ll see about giving you back your memory too.”
Gabriel didn’t speak for a long moment. “You’re my brother,” he said, quietly. “You’re forgiven.”
“Well, for one – what the hell are you wearing?”
“I thought you were going to keep quiet,” Castiel teased, drawing away for a moment to spit on his palm before returning to the task at hand. “Or do I need to make you?”
It fell to Dean to do the first feeding of the night, because it turned out that Castiel was a heavy sleeper, a fact that half-pleased and half-frustrated Dean, if only because it meant that even though his angel felt safe enough to make sleepy gestures in the direction of the possums without fully waking, Dean was still the one who had to deal with the creatures.
“Cas,” Dean said in warning.
Dean made to speak, but Castiel shushed him with a kiss that ended much too quickly.
There was a little doll woven from reeds on his nightstand, which was a vaguely circular rock half-buried so as to allow anything set on the surface lie flat, as well as a few plastic baubles that had somewhere survived the hundred-odd years it had been since the date of their manufacture. He was pleased to see that one of them was a small toy car. And then there was the necklace. Holding it made him think of Castiel, and he was sure there was a reason behind that feeling of his stomach lurching whenever he looked at the thing, even if he couldn’t remember it now.
With a sob, Castiel obeyed, body going taut as he found his release deep inside his lover. He relished the way Dean spilled across his stomach just moments later, as well as the boneless, floating feeling that followed.
Castiel’s halo still shone on them both, but its light was fading now as it receded into the plane of existence where it normally resided.
It was a comfort to know that after they had been fed and stopped fussing, he could go back to bed for several glorious hours, and Castiel would take care of the next feeding.
Dean had a sinking feeling. “Who are you?”
A light drizzle began, and quickly gave way to a heavier downpour.
“No,” he said, voice insistent. “None of that, now. I’m here, now, and we’re going to show each other just how much we’ve missed this,” he said, punctuating each word with a stroke of the other’s length.
“Yes,” Anna breathed, hands fluttering over her stomach. “I can feel her already.”
Soon enough, all the dogs were rolling around in the wet, muddy mess that their yard had become. One last peal of thunder startled the dogs, who came rushing back in, much to Dean and Castiel’s dismay and much to the detriment of their furniture, the pillow fort, the floors, and the carpets.
The river burbled and bubbled. Deep within, a naiad was waking from his slumber. The river’s protector and guardian, he’d had little work to do during the past winter, which had been so desperately cold that the banks of his body of water had grown far too icy for animals to come to drink. They had, instead, relied on snowmelts and the glacial runoffs that came down fresh and full of minerals from the mountain pass.
He couldn’t pinpoint what made him build a pyre, and set it alight, nor could he tell you what, precisely, happened as the fire was dwindling– only that in the space of time it took to blink, Castiel was burning in effigy, and then he was rising like a phoenix from the ashes, stumbling, unharmed, into the fading light of day, and straight into Dean’s arms.
“So, that’s settled, then,” Castiel said.
“I don’t want to fuck you,” Dean purred, leaving Castiel only a moment to be confused by the evidence to the contrary before he added, “I want us to make love.” Then, he blushed deeply, and leaned down to capture Castiel’s lips in a gentle kiss to hide the evidence of his momentary embarrassment.
Castiel twisted his hand just so, and Dean began to pant. “No fair,” he mumbled. “You know every inch of me, but-” Dean found himself silenced with a rough, dominating kiss, and his wandering mind was dragged back into the present moment. The assault of pleasure was nearly too much for him to handle, and he moaned wantonly into Castiel’s kiss. “Cas,” he managed to gasp between kisses. “Feels so good,” he added. “So right.”
“Gabriel! What have you done?” He heard Cas call. The angel’s face faded into focus. “Dean! Dean? Stay with me… Please.”
So much time passed after the night of the kiss that Castiel half-thought he’d dreamt it up. He woke often on the bottom of the river, gasping water deep into his lungs as he freed himself from the throes of another nightmare.
Gabriel looked up towards the stars, which were slowly beginning to fade into view as color drained from the sky like the glacial streams from high up on the mountain drained into the valley, feeding the river Castiel protected. “You know how Michael is,” he said with a dismissive wave of his hand.
“Technically-” but whatever technicality Castiel had been about to invoke was cut off by the sudden presence of Dean’s lips upon his own.
“Oh,” Castiel said, as if he hadn’t been expecting this small kindness.
Promises of forever had gone up in smoke when Castiel had gotten into a college in California, and Dean, despite his respectable grades and history of working odd jobs since the age of ten, had only gotten into the local university.
“Fuck,” he cursed, knowing he’d never hear the end of it if he didn’t get out and check on the poor creature.
“I was frightened,” Castiel confessed.
“But, Dean-”
In which Dean and Castiel acquire kittens and manage to talk through their feelings, in no particular order.
“A lifetime ago, yes,” Gabriel snapped. “We fought for free will and self-determination and the right to choose our own destinies. And look where that got us. This – this is destiny! You think destiny cares about you or your petty little desires? You think destiny bends to your will?
Dean raised an eyebrow in askance.
“I did,” Castiel agreed. “Come, sit.” He motioned to a spot a few paces away from the river, where they could sit and stay dry.
“And what if I did?”
“You’re alive,” Dean laughed, pressing a kiss to Castiel’s lips, then one to each eyelid, cradling the other’s face in his hands as if he were something infinitely precious and eminently breakable. “I knew it,” Dean said, collapsing on the former’s angel’s chest. “I knew you’d come back.”
Dean sighed. Castiel was looking at him as if he’d hung the stars himself, and the dogs had woken up and were already wearing hopeful expressions at the thought of new brothers and sisters.
Gabriel let his blade go slack, and slowly sheathed it. “Oh,” he said. It was all he could say for a long, abyssal moment of silence. “Oh,” he repeated.
I have a dog with one of those names... Can you guess which?
With that, he retreated back into the life-giving waters.
“Mmm,” Dean said. “And just how important is this errand?”
Dean ran to the river, jumping over exposed roots and fallen branches. His body knew the motions, even if his mind rebelled against this strange new world.
The tree was beautiful, providing a comfortable patch of shade. Dean laid a hand on its trunk and felt a strange sense of déjà -vu.
“Castiel,” he called, voice hoarse from breathlessness. “Cas, Sammy remembered everything. Til the day he died.” He began to pace. “Why don’t I remember? What went wrong? Cas, please.”
“No, but it might be your last if we don’t play this right.”
Dean groaned at the contact. “Cas,” he hissed. “Oh,” he said, startled when Castiel began to suck on his collarbone, “I’ve missed you, too,” he said, cradling Castiel’s neck in one hand and brushing his thumb over the spot just below Castiel’s ear that made the former angel shiver in delight. He ran his hand down the other’s clavicle, splayed his hand across Castiel’s pec and brushed his fingers over the other’s nipple until it hardened under his touch.
Dear Castiel,
Still, he refused to pray.
“There’s a dryad,” he blurted out. “A young one. Not more than twenty-five winters old. He came to the river to drink, and asked me about the Before Times, so I… I pulled him into the water, hoping to scare him away.”
“Let them drown,” Castiel said, viciously, when Sam asked him about it. Sam had returned one morning from getting supplies from their home to find Dean gone, and hadn’t stopped questioning Castiel about it since.
“Will you stay?” Castiel asked, daring to hope that Dean would agree to stay by his side.
Dean put a hand over his mouth.
?” His eyes took on a steely glint, and Castiel stood and began to back away, towards the river. “How dare you?”
“I could ask you the same question!” Dean strode up to the angel, pulling him up by his lapels and striking him across his chest. “You scared us half to death.”
“Cas? Why does that sound so familiar?”
“Of course,” Castiel said. “It seems like you went through a great deal of trouble to procure this fruit. You should enjoy it too.”
Shifting closer to him, Gabriel smiled sadly. “Me too.” Another lengthy silence passed between them, each of them lost in separate thoughts of the same world – a world that had come and gone and been replaced with something that couldn’t quite compare. “I should…” Gabriel made a vague gesture towards the mountain pass.
“Can I be perfectly honest with you?”
“You’re going to heal her
“You’re not listening. I made you a promise, then. I’m renewing it, now.”
Dean was whistling a tune as he made his way down to the river.
“Hey boy,” he greeted. “Let me see what you have there.”
“Another horse?” Dean groaned. It wasn’t so much the prospect of another horse – though that itself was daunting in itself – it was the fact that he’d been hoping to corner Castiel for some shower sex, and there was no way a conversation about another horse fit into that equation. Unless… “Fine. Let’s get another horse,” he agreed.
In the distance, Gabriel could hear Michael calling their names. The sun was rising, and with it, the creatures of the forest.
Castiel’s halo had faded to a dim circle of light, and before long, the last of the light had seeped away, shining instead into another plane of being, where it belonged.
He nodded, and was quiet for a moment. “Thank you,” he said, and Sam sprung forward and wrapped him in a hug.
“It should have your name,” Castiel declared, sounding rather convinced of himself.
“Yes,” Castiel confirmed. “They simply couldn’t afford to feed her. Daisy. The horse’s name is Daisy. And she’s the sweetest thing, Dean, you’re going to fall in love with her when you see her.”
“I didn’t know it until you were gone – I didn’t realize until I thought you were… That you were dead – that I loved you. And then I remembered.”
And if I have learned anything from you, it’s this: love is like the unconquered sun; it gives you light, it keeps you warm, and it always, always shows you the way home.
Dean saw and felt every bit of pent-up desire that had been burning in Castiel’s veins, he saw the love they shared and he knew Castiel’s heart and soul and Grace, felt both his divinity and his humanity; knew his past and his present and his hopes for the future. It was beautiful, and it was terrifying, and he never wanted it to end.
“Look at me,” Castiel said softly, and smiled when Dean obliged. “It’s okay to cry. I know you didn’t expect to fall in love with these little guys.”
Together, they approached the animal. Dean smiled when he saw her, and stilled when the animal looked at him warily. “Hey, Daisy,” he said, raising his hand as an offering. “Who’s a beautiful horsey?”
“Almost,” Dean promised, slowly working in a second finger, then a third. He took great care to brush against the other’s prostate every so often, keeping him on the knife edge of orgasm, but not letting him tumble over.
“Thank you,” the woman said. “I’m Violet. I live two towns over but my partner and I are starting a family. We were thinking about adopting a dog before the baby comes.”
He was just a man. The river had delivered him here, but he could no longer feel her movements as though they were his own.
“What’s it to you?” The water nymph asked.
“Oh, um,” Dean chuckled. “I wasn’t really expecting you to say yes, but I would really like it if-” His rambling was cut off by Castiel’s soft lips on his own. He wasn’t quite sure what to do with his hands at first, but they desperately wanted to tangle themselves in Castiel’s hair so he let them. It was gloriously smooth, and he moaned into the other’s mouth.
Lightning flashed once more. A drizzle began, and quickly gave way to a downpour.
Castiel, for all his failings, had never been one to leave things to chance.
Castiel looked down at himself, and his newly human body. “I don’t feel any different,” he noted.
“We need a better name,” he insisted. “A shorter one, for starters.”
“Yeah, well…” Castiel came to sit beside Gabriel. “He bought me pie-fruit and said he’d be back in the morning. Then he-” Castiel took a deep breath. “He asked for a goodnight kiss. And I gave him one! I haven’t kissed anyone since-”
Dean’s hand flew to his mouth, and Castiel took another deep breath and began his proposal.
Castiel nodded and smiled at the feeling of Dean’s warm hands brushing against his temple as the blindfold fell away.
“Bingo,” Gabriel said, pointing his fingers like a gun and shooting at Dean. “Come along, both of you. Something is happening that you’d better see.”
Their mother smiled so brightly that Dean felt his knees go weak. He remembered that smile from his youth, and it pained him to see it, now, in person, under the circumstances.
He made grabby hands for the coffee, but Castiel sighed and said, “Sit up first. You’re going to spill it otherwise. Remember last time?”
“Look, Cas,” Dean said, watching warily as the angel strode up to the horse and began to stroke her neck. “I’m going to need some answers.”
“Dean,” Castiel spoke, the quiver in his voice making Dean uneasy. “Did you read the directions?”
“Come here,” Gabriel said, opening his arms. Castiel fell into them gladly.
There was also a little loft area, and Dean could see at once that Castiel had made good use of the space, as the ladder led up to a seating area with a sturdy railing where they could bring a picnic, maybe, or just while the summer days away.
He sunk once last time to the bottom, to the river bed where he’d lain for the past hundred years, mourning the fast-fading ghost of a world that had come and gone, singularly and utterly alone. Now, he stared up at the surface, eyes flooding with tears, and he lamented the pettiness of his dreams, which had all gone to ruin.
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel had greeted, grinning like he hadn’t just been thoroughly kissed. The dog, which had good-naturedly allowed itself to be crushed between their bodies up until this point, began to whine pitifully. Needless to say, it stayed.
“You’re okay.” Dean’s voice was a steady presence above him, the pressure of Dean's hips against his own a comforting weight. “I’m right here.”
In which Castiel admits that there is, indeed, such thing as too many dogs, Dean experiences mixed emotions about putting Mirabel up for adoption, and Sam gets the short end of the stick when it comes to sleeping arrangements and discovers that the ratio of dogs that can fit on any one bed is higher than he'd previously believed.
Dean reached between them to take Castiel in hand. The smaller man threw back his head and groaned long and low. “Oh, yes, right there,” he moaned. “Dean!” He cried out, spilling into Dean’s hand as he came. Dean wasn’t far behind.
“It’s as if they make life worth living, you know? Just you and me and all these dogs. Maybe we’ll start a shelter. Castiel’s Haven for Runaway Dogs, Unwanted Cats, and Other Homeless Animal Types.” Dean made a face at the name, and tried to slow his pounding heart.
“Close,” Castiel sobbed out, and Dean pulled away, placing his hands on Castiel’s hands to still their motion. He moaned, hyper-aware of his throbbing need. “Please,” he whimpered.
They’re seated in the kitchen munching on Dean’s “secret stash"  of gummy bears while he tells them about Florida and how everyone there couldn’t keep their eyes off of his angel.
“Trainor called. He thinks he’s got a lead. It’s just a pair of footprints but I doubt it’d lead anywhere,” Dean speaks as he enters, his eyes glued on Castiel’s as he places the food down on the table beside him before taking off his shoes and the shirt that’s clinging to his already sweaty skin. “Whoever the killer is, he’s a smart guy, and I doubt he’d leave behind footprints that would lead us straight to his door.” He continues, but Castiel only half listens to what he says, he spends the other half of his focus watching Dean’s muscles flex and dance around with every swift movement he makes.
“Save him, Jack. Don’t make me do this, don’t make me turn against you because you know that I will”
He moved as quickly as he could, hovering his hand over the wounded area, focusing all of his energy on healing him. It worked and he could feel it—what Jack described. He could feel his grace slowly leave his body as it helped heal Dean’s.
He's seated in the bunker's library, enjoying yet another slice of PB&J as he watches Dean walk over to him with Sam no where to be seen. It's still strange to see them separated, they were joined at the hip when Castiel first became a part of their family and he can't blame them, they've never had the luxury of having friends like normal people. They only ever had each other to depend on.
Your lips, your plump enticing lips
He clears his throat, runs a hand through his hair and reads it from the top, this time his words coming out clear and confident. Once done reading his own work, he frowns, cringing at how sappy and amateurish it sounded but yet he doesn’t destroy it. He folds it gently and shoves it in between the pages of the Tolstoy novel he’s been reading. He gets up from his chair, grabs the book along with his pen and heads for his room and for the box under his bed where he keeps his old letters, pictures and crappy poems.
Dean’s hands find their way around Castiel’s face, and he manages to keep Castiel in place for a few seconds longer, not ready to let go yet.
Castiel’s eyes glisten too, but before the first tear rolls, he gently cups Dean’s face and presses their lips together. Everyone cheers, but all they hear is white noise, echoes of their words, and the beating of their hearts. It engulfs them, and they get so lost in their love that they truly do forget that they’re not alone, that they’re surrounded by people who they care for and love.
“You need to tell us everything or else—” And out of nowhere the boy appears again, and before Dean could point his weapon at him, he finds himself flung across the room and into a wall. He feels his ribs and left arm shatter against the concrete wall, but he doesn’t feel it after that, his adrenaline won’t allow him to. He gets up and meets Castiel’s worried gaze and offers a quick reassuring nod.
“We’d love that, but we’ve got a kid at home, and right now,” he looks around, shaken by everything he’d seen in these past few days. “I just want to hold him close and make sure he’s safe.” He adds, and Trainor doesn’t say anything but turn to give Castiel an
“Yahtzee!” Dean clicks his tongue, the sound and face he makes quite sexy, and if it weren’t for the urgency of catching a killer, Cas would have pushed Dean back down on that bed and stripped him naked again.
“Seems like, all's well in paradise.” Trainor speaks, confidently. He'd already taken note of the purple marks on their throats, peaking out of their suits, and now the constant smile tugging at Castiel’s face.
Dean smiles, genuinely for the first time today, and he thinks about Castiel, and how incredibly happy that angel makes him, even now, even after all of this, he can’t lie and say that his heart still isn’t swollen with contentment.
“The realm, yes, along with the castle and the foundations of the city around it. Beyond that? Everything is his creation.”
"The vest is it for now, but he's working to mold some other pieces that you can wear beneath your usual get up, almost like football pads, but without any of the bulk. You'll be able to move just as well as you usually do, like a gazelle with two left feet."
“I can’t believe you’re making a joke about that.”
Dean manipulates the body armor with his hands, marveling at the way it moves. "How much is it gonna cost, though?" No matter what Sam says, Dean always feels a twinge of guilt about the support, even though Sam is always trying to be far more generous than he already is.
He starts to open the folder, but Dean lays a hand on his knee, even through denim as warm as sand on a summer day.
"No, I got it," he says, kneeling down to grab them, turning his back to Cas as he does. It's not that he's opposed to adding that image to his mental spank bank for later -- on his knees, looking up at his angel, maybe reaching out to steady himself on one thick thigh -- it's just that he doesn't trust himself to mask his desires anymore. Even Castiel, unschooled in the manner of reading the depth of human emotions, will eventually put the pieces together if he catches Dean staring at his junk. He stacks the books on top of one another again and stands up slowly. "No harm done."
“It’s not that I don’t want you to meet my parents,” she says pragmatically as they munch popcorn before the previews have even started. “I know they’ll love you, eventually. I just think it’s too soon for that step, you understand?”
"Uh, this one is Impala. Your father had a dozen Friesians? He must have been a very wealthy farmer."
“You would do that?” Castiel can’t keep the excitement out of his voice now. “Can you tell me all about taking care of the animals again, like you used to? And about Bobby and Rufus and Jody and Donna…”
"Dean, that's like four hours!"
"Oh. You are going to stay right here, and I'm going to go and make breakfast."
“But...he’s your
"Yes," Castiel says breathlessly, leaning his forehead against Dean's and running his fingers through his hair. "I can stay with you all next weekend, from Friday until Monday."
“Have you now?” Excitement flares up but he tamps it down. It likely means that Dean has been having a hard time and just wants to get away, and escape for the night to a mystical realm is something he’s come to enjoy over the years. “Then let’s not dawdle.”
The story rolls off his tongue with practiced ease, even though the only person he's ever told is Charlie. All their lives they had traveled the same circuitous route eight or nine months of the year, following the carnival company their dad worked for. They’d come to town for whatever festival was in season, building a fairway from the ground up in an empty parking lot or an abandoned field, then break it down a week later and move on to the next town on the list. It was the only life Sam had ever known, but Dean vaguely remembered a different time: a time when he had cookies and played with toys rather than watching other kids win them, when he got tucked into bed at night and kissed on the forehead.
“No. And...yes.” Castiel is silent again for some time, but Dean can’t bring himself to speak. “I always thought that someday I would tell you the truth, but no matter how much time passed it always seemed like a day in the distant future to come."
If he allows himself to love, he allows himself to get hurt.
“I should find Dean” he said. He wasn’t sure if, after everything that happened, Dean wanted to see him. He wasn’t sure if he would bring up what he told him not long ago, if he felt the same. It was a scary thought and if Castiel were the same as he was before he went to the empty, he wouldn’t have had the courage to even think about going back. But now without fear standing in the way, he wanted to go back.
“you’ll die. I need to get…”
“don’t sit there!” he snapped. His voice cracking as he spoke. Sam was confused and his brows knit together in concern and uncertainty. He got up without question, not wanting to upset Dean any more than he had already done.
"Where's Sam?" Castiel questions as dean takes a seat on the table in front of him. He looks extremely beautiful looking down at the angel with that boyish grin plastered on his face. And suddenly Sam's whereabouts  are of no concern to Castiel who's now thoroughly enjoying his view.
“I will” Sam said softly. He turned on his heels and headed for the exit.
“You don’t have to be so mean to him.” Cas speaks the minute that they step out of the diner. The air around them is warm, and the sun is at its peak, greeting them with sharp and blinding rays of light.
“What do you plan on doing after retiring? I mean we’ve been hunting since we were kids, you really think we can turn away from it?” Sam raised his brows in concern, not only for themselves but for the lives they wouldn’t be saving anymore. He felt guilty. He didn’t have to because what they didn’t know was that paradise was only around the corner.
“I think I had too much to drink. It’s why I let Sam take over.” She signs and he lets out a laugh.
“How about we go back to our room? We’ve had a long day; I think we deserve some pizza and a movie.” Dean suggests and lets his hand fall back down to his side. The warmth his hand provided is replaced by coolness and an emptiness Castiel wishes he could tuck away.
Dean brought him back up and met his eyes again, they glowed under the dim lighting and there was a trace of something lustful laced in them. It was just a tiny trace and it was only there for a moment but just the fact that it was there in the first place sent chills down the man’s spine.
“But Dean…” he stopped himself when he got to the door. He turned around and met his brothers eyes. “I know that this is really hard on you but you’ll be fine. You always are. You’re a fighter and If Cas were here he’d say the exact same thing" he gave him a small smile. Hoping with everything in him that Dean believed his words.
Dean silently mutters to himself as he tries to casually throw his hands over his bulging crotch before Castiel's eyes decides to drift onto it, which it dosen't, luckily for him. Castiel couldn't care less about what's happening around him at this moment, his focus is solely on Dean's perfectly defined features and every goddamn beautiful frackle splattered across his face.
“I was never one to believe in destiny”
The soft luminous light peaks through the curtains of Dean and Castiel’s windows, casting a beautiful glow on each of their faces. Castiel stirs, and his puffy eyes slowly opens as he wakes. Dean lays right beside him, and Castiel can feel his warm breath brush over his skin as Dean snores, still somewhere in dreamland.
He sat him down and stretched out his hand, letting it hover over the wounded area. A bright blue light came from his hand, followed by a sharp ping.
“Except for my mine, isn’t that right?” Jack looked at him and there was a small smile plastered on his face. Castiel was the only one to believe in him even when times were bleak and it seemed that his destiny was far from being met, Castiel always had faith in him.
“Of course man. We gave up everything, if we keep on giving we’d be left with nothing. We deserve to live like normal people, at least for a moment. You deserve to be with Eileen and start a new life with her. Me on the other hand, I’ve got miracle and that’s fine, it’s good. He’s all I need"
Leaving them wet and pink
“Hello, Sam" the angel’s smile was one of the purest things Dean had ever seen and he couldn’t control the way his heart jumped out of his chest.
And even with a perfect view before them, they can’t seem to look anywhere but at each other.
and think that he’s beautiful, because after all his eons of living, he must’ve seen beauty beyond comparison in about everything; the Greeks, Egyptians, the wonders of the world that God had carved out with his own hands. How can Dean compare to that?
“Now, don’t make me aim this thing at your head.” Castiel threatens, his voice deep and rough as he glares down at the man.
Deans eyes widened and they fixed on Castiel's, looking for a trace of humour in them because there was no way that he meant those words, he sure as hell wasn't worthy of hearing them, or so he thought. He was convinced, actually, convinced that he was so broken to the point that nothing or no one, no man or angel could ever truly love him. He was convinced that he didn’t deserve that kind of love, let alone to hear it.
“You’re buzzed.” Dean points out and gets an eye roll as a reply from Castiel.
“I know it seems unfair. But it’s how it has to be" Jack appeared from thin air, resting a hand on Castiel’s shoulder. He hated to see him go through that but he knew that there was no other way and that eventually Castiel would move on and forget about them. His time with the Winchesters was but a second compared to the eons that Castiel had lived and was still about to live. His love and pain would eventually disappear, if not now then in a hundred years and if not then, then in a thousand or a million.
Castiel stands quietly, speechless, his head running wild as his heart tightens against his chest while nothing but air makes it out of his dry mouth.
He was slipping away. His heartbeat slowing down as each second passed.
He knew he had to stay away, to ease his own pain, to make him forget that Dean was there in the first place but he couldn’t. It was next to impossible so he just gave in, dwelling in his own pain each second he watched Dean move on without him.
"It won't. This is only the beginning, Cas. Trust me" He took the angel by surprise, quickly but smoothly swinging him around and dipping him over.
He jumped Dean, pushed him hard against a pole. He could feel something odd as his back slammed against the wooden structure, it stung and he suddenly couldn’t fight, let alone move as the sharp pain pierced through his abdomen and the rest of his body. He smelled blood, an excessive amount of blood, and panic, along with the sharp pain coursed through him.
“Man, I fucking love you so damn much. I don’t ever want to lose this feeling, I don’t ever want to let go of this… of what we have" his breath tremulous as the tears rolled down his cheeks.
“Step back.” Dean pressed his gun against her abdomen and watches as she caves without a fight. He leads her to the living room, and the red and blue lights coming from outside has him dropping his shoulders in relief. Castiel and Trainor are the first to step in and then a police officer and paramedics to check on the kids. All five of them are untouched and safe, but the terror in their eyes shows that they’ll never be the same.
They could talk back and defend themselves but, Trainor, as well as everyone else involved, seems to have their shoulders hung so wearily that you could swear a dark cloud of despair is hanging over them. It’s not just Dean and Castiel who feels the weight of another loss of a bright mind whose light has been burst too soon.
Sam smiled and fought the urge not to cry. He didn’t think his brother would make it three weeks past Castiel’s passing but he did. He fought and kept his head above water until he reached the shore.
It was incredible and he couldn’t understand how Jack had the power to do that. It was certainly impossible for a Nephilim to achieve no matter how strong it was. There was only one explanation for it all.
Their kiss is soft and gentle, yet hungry as they both try to deepen it as much as possible, desperate to fill in the gaps of the days they were too afraid to even hold each other.
to be something wrong. I mean, it’s his birthday and he’s been quiet and distant all day, Sam hardly saw him since morning.
For Dean it was better than that triple crown cheese burger he bragged about for days and it sure as hell was better than sex. For Castiel, the angel who found pleasure in just watching the bees go about their business, and everything else from how the mountains have formed and developed over his millennia of living to watching the humans be. That moment with Dean was far better and it scared him that after everything he has ever encountered, that  was what made his angelic heart swell to the point where he couldn't help but let his tears flow. and so they did. Dean couldn't understand why but he didn't question them either, suspecting that maybe whatever the angel felt was exactly what he was feeling, a love so pure and so deep that not even the oldest of languages could sum it up.
He pulls away and meets Dean’s hungry eyes before placing a much softer and sentimental kiss against his lips. He tells him to take his shirt off and he does, stumbling all over the place when he pushes himself up a little too hard and fast. Castiel giggles and Dean joins him in laughter as he messily unbuttons his shirt before throwing it somewhere in the corner of room and taking Castiel’s hand, pulling him towards the king sized bed they’re meant to share.
“It’s my time and I’m okay with that" He wasn’t but he needed to convince Sam that he was. He didn’t know what the future—or afterlife in this case—held for him. He didn’t know if he was going up or down or like Billie promised, the big empty. He was scared. He could have fought, but it was too much… living was too much and even though he feared it, death seemed better.
"I'm glad you said that, Cas, because I love you too” Dean could hardly keep his excitement at bay as he practically shouted the last three words.
The angel who stole my heart
Castiel kisses it away, and when he pulls back, he makes sure that Dean understands that they’re fine. “I can never hold your mistakes against you. I understand why you were scared.” He says as his hands find their way onto Dean’s waist. “Will you dance with me?”
As you whisper to me
“Careful, kid. Your dad’s in pain.” Dean grunts as jack hugs him, feeling his bruised ribs scream for help.
"You haven't been human for that long and you already died. In front of me Cas..." he doesn't make effort to look at the angel— ex angel actually—. He fears that Cas might see the hurt in his eyes and there's no way Dean wants to be confronted about that.
It still looks the same,
He thinks about it for a minute, carefully, and before he begins, he lets out a wavering breath. “I’d be lying if I said that I wasn’t scared. I was actually terrified if I’m being honest.” He begins and Dean just quietly listens.
“I mean, yeah.” Sam carefully says, his mind swarming with a million thoughts.
Cas doesn’t think about how greedy he sounded anymore as he feels Dean’s hands tug at the waistband of his pants.
There was something so beautiful in the way the angel looked at him and smiled, the way he held onto him, his fingers gripping his arms so tightly that they almost went numb. There was something incredibly breath taking in the way they stood barely an inch apart from each other, their warm breaths lingering between what’s left of the little space between them. It was magical and neither of them believed it to be true—it just couldn't be. There was no way that they were both standing there, all their cards on the table, hands on each other, swaying to the melody of an old classic song neither of them has ever heard before. There was no way that it was real— but it was, all of it, it was all real. And for the first time it came without a price. Their happiness was real and it was theirs to keep, theirs alone. They didn't want it to stop, it couldn't stop. It felt better than anything they have ever experienced.
The way you told me you loved me when it was all said and done.
The words come to him easier this time and he prays to remember them by the time he gets home. He wouldn’t be surprised if he doesn’t, the sight before him so captivating that he forgets everything else but the blue eyes staring back at him.
The door flies off its hinges as he kicks it open and when he enters the house, he finds it empty, clean, almost as if the person were afraid they’d leave prints behind. He carefully steps forward and searches for any other possible entries. There’s two doors in his sight, and a dark corridor that seems to lead down to a basement, or just deeper into the house, he can’t quite tell given how dark it is.
“Okay, you know what? We’ve been here for three days going on four, and we’ve done squat since we’ve arrived.” Castiel hisses at him, and if it were any other day Dean would unconsciously break into a smile at how Castiel’s dialect had changed in the last few years, and how it’s starting to resemble his own.
“Good because I’m not letting you go. Not again" Dean said, his fingers trailing up Castiel’s arms.
“It seems like an accident, no one reported it the minute it happened, but I don’t know, maybe the victims were a part of it.” Sam carries on, and Cas focuses on him now, remembering that there were still five kids that needed saving.
A rattling noise and high pitched muffled out screams came from behind a closed door on Sam’s right. He ran towards it without a second thought and broke it down. As he did so, four large, masked vampires came from behind them, and before Sam and Dean could even register what was happening, they were attacked.
Dean pulls away, even if he didn’t want to, and turns to look at his guests. He’s not sure why he ever expected them to react in ways that isn’t them proving to him that they support and love him, no matter what— no matter who he loves.
Dean comes out after a few minutes, his skin glistening and slippery with water while his hair lays flat on his head, darkened by the wetness. He wears a towel around his hips and before Castiel could look away, he tears the fabric off his body and throws it somewhere on the floor, showing off his size and length.
He knew that he shouldn’t have but he would spend most of his time watching Dean, watch as he mourned for him, watched as he found comfort in the furry little animal he adopted. He watched as Dean managed to pull himself out of bed each day and pretend that it was all fine. It hurt him gravely that he couldn’t intervene and at least let the human know that he was okay, that he was alive and watching over him.
Dean looks into his eyes, and he can already tell what Castiel is thinking, that’s why he doesn’t make any effort to speak and tell him that they’ve done all they can for the day. He lifts his hand and gently squeezes Castiel’s arm.
He, as much as Castiel, needs to find the killer, not only to stop the killings and give the victims families some sort of comfort, but to ease their own minds as well.
Dean descends back to their small motel room in Topeka, a smile plastered on his face, so wide and pure that not even the saddest news could immediately take it from him. Castiel doesn’t notice, his eyes are closed as he enjoys the simplicity of this moment they share together. In his millennia of living he never thought that he could love anyone or anything as much as he loves Dean Winchester. He could sacrifice everything for that man— heck! He already did, and if it came down to it, he’d do it again, without hesitation because what he feels right now, whatever that feeling is… It’s worth it.
They stare at each other, lips parted and noses inches from touching. It’s like time stood still. Nothing matters but this unexplainable gravitational force pulling them together. Their lips inches from touching, they’re so close they could almost taste it.
The way I feel when your mouth lingers on me
“what do you say? Last one before we hang up our hats?” He suggested the case in Canton, Ohio. It was a quick one they reckoned, a milk run compared to what they’ve dealt with in the past. Sam was on board of course, he couldn’t pass it up for anything in the world.
After a pregnant pause, he looks to Sam and asks. “Do you think angels could love the same way humans do?” Maybe his question is dangerously close to what he’s trying to ask, and maybe the shift in Sam’s expression was him finally figuring it out, but for some reason, Dean doesn’t care as much as he thought he would.
“It will get easier and maybe one day you will see them again” he added.
“Thank you, Sam.” Cas smiles.
April!
Their eyes meet and as if compelled by a force not even an angel as old as himself understands, he finds himself on his feet heading straight for the hunter with only one thing on his mind.
Long after they’re done, they lay quietly on the bed, eating their cold pizza while trying to focus on the movie instead of their thoughts and the vivid memories of what they’ve done.
“I missed you too, dad.” Jack says with a smile and pulls back to see the relief of seeing him safe flood over Castiel’s face.
"It's best if I leave" the room smells like PB&J mixed with beer and another scent that can't quite be explained. Castiel tries his best to ignore the smell and the cause of it as he stands to his feet and straightens out his clothes before turning to a distraught Dean.
