Dean wept. He licked at Castiel’s leaking slit.
"You got ten minutes to decide. Now you may hang up." The line went dead.
Dean flashed a charmingly cold smile at her.
Cas tilted his head and took a step toward Dean. “You really are a drowning man desperate to hold on to anything to keep from being pulled under. You cling to this anger and stoicism rather than risk being vulnerable by facing feelings or thoughts you would rather not share.”
He laid a hand over his ribs.
Not that they had woken Dean. He hadn’t slept. Instead, he’d gone room by room through the house trying to find answers. Looking for any clues about where they were. The place couldn’t really be Bobby’s, it had burned to the ground four years ago thanks to fucking Dick Roman. The Leviathan had not only destroyed Bobby’s home, but he’d also killed Bobby.
“Okay, Deano, I won’t,” the demon laughed intensifying its caresses along Castiel’s shaft. It licked the angel’s ear then said, “Hear that, Cas? Dean said don’t stop. Wanna show him what a good little slut you are? How you cum for-”
"Yeah, okay," Dean said before taking a sip of the brew. It was the weakest coffee the hunter had ever had. It tasted like the coffee grounds had just blown past the hot water without ever really touching them.
Sam adjusted his hold on his gun, a silent warning.
That was another facet of the mystery, Castiel could not hear Heaven. There was no idle background noise of “angel radio.” Nor could he feel the heavy sorrow of Sam that had been a constant irritant for Castiel.
His headaches and seizures were going to get worse.  The sweating would continue as his fever rose and his blood-pressure would get dangerously high.
“Is he praying to you, Cas?” the demon laughed its obscene handjob beginning to have an effect on the angel. “Oh, Deano, you should see how I can get this angel here to cry unto me. It’s sweeter than pie.”
Snarling, Dean slammed to a halt, some unseen force keeping him from moving.
The younger Winchester brother wasn't sure what had prompted the angel to move. At first, he'd taken it as a hopeful sign that Gabriel might be trying to communicate. Still, after more than thirty minutes without a change, the hunter had given up.
day, Asmodeus tortured me. Every...day. He fed off my grace for years.! He used me...he debased me until I was…." Gabriel clenched his jaws shut. Unshed tears of rage and humiliation shimmering in his eyes.
Cas had watched helplessly while the younger Winchester had been plagued for hours by unseen tormentors while gripped in the throes of withdrawal. Castiel had sat trapped encircled by burning holy fire while witnessing Sam being tortured by his inner demons locked in the hell created by his subconscious.
Except she wasn’t anymore. She was here, her chrome shining in the bright sun.
Dean took a deep breath and picked up the plates. Swallowing back the bile trying to climb the back of his throat, he turned around and shuffled his way to the table. He felt Castiel watching him, his gaze weighing him down, making it even more difficult to walk.
The angel wrapped his arms around the hunter’s waist and pulled him closer, returning the kiss, matching Dean’s unparalleled skill and experience with the angel’s eagerness and innocence.
"I did help." Gabriel rose quickly, ignoring his wound. "Casa Erotica ring any bells?"
Rage and fear bubbled up inside of Castiel. He’d sworn he’d never be captive again, especially not at the mercy of… He glanced toward the ground. Dean was down there.
"Were, Sam, were friends. I mean, we met a few thousand years ago. I was out for a hike in the fjords. Came across Loki bound in a cave with snake venom dripping in his eye. Apparently, he had a spat with his pops. Anyhoo, I freed him. Saved his life." Gabriel shifted in his chairs. "Then my brothers started going at it, and I wanted out. I mean, you met 'em. Not a fun one in the bunch."
"And exactly what is that?" Sam asked sharply. He couldn't help it. Crowley wasn't his favorite person.
Dean's stomach heaved again while tears leaked from the corners of his eyes.
He threw the clothes on the bed and began to strip.
The demon grinned. “I do love the way Winchesters sweet talk.”
Tiredly, Dean sat up. He turned his head to see what the demon was watching. His gut twisted again and his breath lodged in the back of his throat.
"Looks like someone found a box of crayons," Crowley intoned from the doorway.
“Uh...research.” Dean’s reply was hesitant as if he was choosing his words carefully. “I figure Bobby’s gotta have something on custom-fit universes.”
The angel smiled.
"Dean's trying to kill himself again…" Sam cut the witch off. "He's trying to give Cas…"
"I understand."
“I’m not saving myself from anything,” Dean said tiredly.
"I don't know what you are talking about," Sam immediately bluffed.
Dean squinted. Like everything else about the place, the view was the same. “Looks like South Dakota skies to me.”
There was a faint glow, and an opening appeared. Crowley quickly popped through and beckoned toward Sam and Rowena.
“When we first met...him,” it’s still a struggle for Sam to think that Chuck and God are synonymous, “he was just a pulp fiction writer that wrote about Dean and me.”
Still, even if someone else could get close enough to Amara to deliver the bomb, Dean would volunteer for the job. He was ready. He started to move forward, to step away from Sam.
Dean had prayed again. He’d mumbled something and then another plea from his soul had reached the angel.
I have to believe this will all get better. I wish you all the best.
Sam felt a puff at the back of his neck, and a tickling sensation, like snow settling in his hair and on his shoulders. Frowning he turned back toward Rowena.
“He also lived. He learned what it was like to be human. He lov-”
“You seem to be operating on the misconception that you have a say in this, Dean,” Castiel said tilting his head slightly. “You do not.”
“..until you,” Dean said. “You...were my...my angel.”
Castiel pulled back a little so he could stare into Dean’s eyes. The angel shifted his body just a little, pressing a leg in between Dean’s forcing them apart. Leisurely, he began to slide it softly against Dean’s groin. “I believe we both know better. Shall I remind you, Dean? Take you through how it was done, step by step?”
He stood with his blade in hand, continuing to monitor the direction from where Dean’s scream emanated. When the cries evolved into the sounds of pangs of metal pounding upon steel he once again shifted his plane of existence, teleporting to the source of the sounds.
Dean slammed his fist into the old oak.
It was Castiel’s turn to take control, and he did. He kissed Dean with the passion of heaven, laving the inside of his mouth and gently nipping at his lips. The hunter was grasping and clinging to Castiel as if he’d be swept away into some vortex if he let go.
Then, he was gone. Loki just disappeared.
“Gone. She left with Chuck. I don’t know.” Dean rattled the answers off without really thinking about them.
It was a fair question that revealed and stark truth that was almost crippling. The breath went out of Sam as if Crowley had punched him. Cas was dead. Bobby was long gone and Dean…
“I doubt you will find anything of use.” Castiel began slowly circling his way around the kitchen.
I hope this will give you all a moment of distraction. Unbetaed as usual.
“Let me see your eyes,” Cas demanded with another vicious shake.
"Cas," Dean said the angel's name as if it were some bandage he could use to staunch the hemorrhaging. Maybe at one time, that would have worked, but not now.
No. He was Dean Winchester. He had found a way to subvert the apocalypse.  Sam and he had been finding ways to thwart the plans of gods and monsters all their lives. He was going to take a different path, one where Castiel got the justice he deserved without becoming a monster himself. Dean was going to suffer the way he should and most of all they would each get their own private peace, if not in the void of oblivion, then in Bobbyland.
Sam was too tired and hurt too bad to fight. So instead, he let Gabriel guide him back to the Impala. Once there, the angel leaned the hunter up against Baby.
The hunter arched against him, and they both froze. Dean’s denim-covered erection pressed against Castiel’s cotton-wool blend covered one.
If Castiel did discuss with Dean what he had suffered at the hands of the demon, then the hunter would assume the guilt just as he’d done when they first tried to speak about the Impala. He’d confessed his sin and wept, but that hadn’t given Castiel what he’d needed.
Obviously, it was meant to warn Crowley of what waited for Sam back at the bunker. Chuck had sent Crowley to help, but why? Was it a farewell gift? Had God...Chuck felt guilty?
The older Winchester carried the guilt of how the demon had hurt their family. He’d accepted the responsibility for violating and debasing Castiel to the point angel had left them, the bond between him and Dean broken.
“Wouldn’t that... shouldn’t that kill him?”
Castiel jolted Dean back and forth, rattling him hard enough his teeth clacked together.
Dean glanced away from his task and looked at the angel as if he'd realized he was being watched. He frowned slightly the way he did when he missed an important clue on a hunt.
“To change clothes, of course,” Gabriel replied from behind him.
“Prince of Hell?” Sam asked, furrowing his eyebrows so high they almost touched his hairline.
That was only the first time the demon had said what it wanted from Castiel, but it wasn’t the last.
Castiel looked around and pointedly glanced back at Dean. "Apparently, it did not. "
So here is my PSA. I have learned that Depression is common post-surgery. Apparently, it does not matter how "minor" or "major" the surgery is, Depression is a very real post-operative occurrence. It makes sense when you think about it, your body does go through trauma. This is something you can google.
He’d expected to be engulfed in darkness. Instead, once they were sealed into the tunnel, a faint light illuminated the passage. It was like emergency lights on a plane. They weren’t bright enough to read or see details clearly but were just radiant sufficient to guide you to safety.
Crowley tugged on his suit jacket, poking at a jagged gash. "I'm sending you a bill."
Dean set the mug down on the floor.
“Mogadishu, Fergus? Ach, that denotes a certain lack of creativity,” Rowena said in a lyrical huff that was unique to the Scottish witch.
Castiel was certain he hadn't hurt Dean again, but he used his grace to check just to be sure. He was committed to a path forward, one that did not perpetuate a cycle of abuse.
The angel stood still no longer. He moved forward, yanked the door open, and strode into the kitchen. It was time to make clear to the hunter that Castiel was not here to attend to him.
Loki stomped his foot on the hunter’s hand. Something snapped.
"Ah..funny that," Crowley said as he gave the liquid in his glass another quick swirl before downing it in one smooth swig. He set the tumbler down and tapped his finger against the glass. "Found them in your rooms. Your's and Dean's, actually."
Dean froze, his burning anger snuffed out. It wasn’t the dangerous warning in the angel’s blazing eyes that took all the oxygen away from the hunter’s antagonism, but Cas’s fear.
“No, Cas.” Dean closed his eyes.
She made an exaggerated eye roll. “Oh please, Samuel. Fergus told me all about his summer bromance with the demon Dean Winchester. Now add to that brew Castiel’s attitude towards your brother while trying to get rid of the Mark of Cain...well it wasn’t hard to figure out that
Yet, now Castiel had a better understanding of the demon that had been born from the corruption of Dean’s soul. It had been shaped in the Pit. It was a festering wound that had gone unnoticed for years until it had been allowed the opportunity to sicken the hunter entirely. This was the beginning, and the angel vowed it would be the end.
There! There it was, the ruse. Castiel shook his head barked out a bitter laugh. “No, Dean. I agree to that, you will be crying ‘pickles’ if I ask you how you slept.”
Rowena laid a gentle hand on Sam's arm as she looked at Gabriel. "I had to admit it, but Fergus does have a point."
“C...Cas?” Dean stuttered, the crowbar suddenly slipping from his grasp and following to the ground with a dull thud. “Castiel?”
Dean nodded, his head still hung low, and his eyes fixed on the table. He couldn't look at Cas. He couldn't meet those penetrating blue eyes. "Not all the time, but more often than not anymore."
Sleipnir and four bodyguards stood in the doorway. They were just as surprised to see Sam and the angel as the hunter was to see them.
The demon snorted. “I’m feeling deeply under-appreciated here, considering the risk I’m taking.”
Dean had been a fool to believe that being in an open space meant the angel could not trap him. Between one word and the next, Castiel had moved, grabbing Dean by the arms, lifting him off feet, and shaking him like a doll.
The garage filled with Cas’s anguished screams as the demon shoved its way into the angel’s body.
Fear blazed into a furor and the angel snarled, He jerked and jarred the thing that looked liked Dean so hard its neck had nearly snapped.
The angel narrowed his eyes and noted Dean’s stumble. He stepped further into the kitchen, letting the door swing shut behind him. He scanned the area. While he was still more powerful than Dean, the hunter wasn’t without his tricks. Castiel remembered all too well Dean’s familiarity with angel wards.
Something twisted in his gut.
When Sam looked again, nothing remained of Asmodeus, not even ash. Astounded, righteously intimidated, he looked up at Gabriel again. The angel's eyes were fixed on Sam's, and there was a rigid set to the angel's jaw. The hunter couldn't help but wonder what that meant.
Whatever Cas had thought and whatever Lucifer had promised was moot. In Team Fucked Up The Ass’s latest plan they had all attacked God’s sister, Amara, otherwise known as The Darkness.  Lucifer had led the angels, Crowley the demons, and Rowena the witches.  Sam and Dean brought special guest star God, a.k.a. Chuck.
In some ways, it shamed Castiel. He had yet to show such courage.
The demon tapped the other page lying on the table. "Found that one under your pillow."
"Crowley!" Sam barked as he forced a smile Gabriel's way. Then he glanced back at Rowena.
“And how many lives would have been lost? Would the world be under Michael’s rule? Or perhaps the Leviathans? Which previous Apocalypse would you choose to have let happen instead?”
He raised his hands up and pushed against Castiel’s shoulders, trying to escape from the angel.
He sighed. Where was Cas?
“Now, it doesn’t matter if our pipe bomb is sober or not when we deliver it, but if we are going ta make it in the first place I need to concentrate.” Rowena fixed her gaze on Dean and made a shooing motion with her hand. “So, off with ya. Just be sure yer sober enough ta walk when it’s time to go.”
Dean had grabbed hold of Castiel’s waist, the angel’s skin had been warm under his palms. However, the heat had been nothing compared to the hot as the flesh Dean had forced his way into, shoving and rutting until his prick had been buried deep inside…
No, the only way out of this crucible was through it. Castiel was done running and avoiding. He was ready to fight again and this time he would not lose because the first thing he was going to do was to disarm the demon.
Dean grimaced. The angel recalled everything the demon had said all too well.
A new tremor shot through Dean. He’d be a fool if he wasn’t just a little afraid. The last time he’d seen the angel, he’d barely had enough grace to keep him from being human.
Dean lifted his head, his laughter dying to hiss. He pulled his knees up and stared stupidly at the far wall. He didn’t have many choices. There was no booze here; he’d looked. Hell, he’d been a good little alkie and done that first thing, his body already in the early stages of cold turkey. Alcohol withdrawal was a killer.
“When you were dying...hallucinating, you said his name, “ Castiel said. “I could only hear fragments of your prayers, Dean. I could not discern what they meant, but I did hear one plea clearly. You cried out to me with your soul, almost as if you begging for forgiveness for being desperate to feel anything other than hurt and that you just wanted it to stop, even just for a little while.”
Something must have shown in his eyes because the hunter quickly threw up his hands in surrender and hurriedly continued, “I don’t mean as in I owned you. I mean, you just were...mine. In the beginning, there was a connection between us that was just you and me. Not Dad’s. Not Sammy’s. It was just us. You were my best friend, Castiel. Something, someone I never knew I needed until...until your scary ass walked into that barn, wings out and sparks flying.”
"Because maybe if you...we talk about them, they will hold less power over you," Castiel explained. "Believe me, Dean. There is a large part of me that would much rather walk away. Knowing these memories play such a large part of your subconscious and that they still cause a physical response is...unsettling."
“He had no choice!”
“So what happened after you...
Dean licked his lips as if they had suddenly gone dry. His gaze caught Castiel’s, and the angel could see the clear green of his eyes and purity of his soul. There was no trace of corruption.
Sam had long ago forgiven Dean. It wasn’t just because his brother hadn’t been responsible for the humiliation and the torture the demon had inflicted upon Sam, it was also because Dean would never forgive himself.
They stared at each other. The conversation about the coffee had ended, and now neither was ready to launch into the next topic. The room lapsed into an uncomfortable silence.
The two men stepped inside. The diminutive angel pressed the eight-button and the doors shut. As the elevator rose, Gabriel looked at Sam and shouted over the tinned music, “Let’s make one thing clear. Take out as many mooks as you want, Sambo, but Sleipnir and Loki are mine.”
(See the end of the chapter for
I'm trying to remember to check in on my dreamwidth page (https://stillrose.dreamwidth.org/) so folks can check to see if I've been writing.
The angel’s wings snapped open. Then with a quick flutter, he was gone in search of Dean.
"Oh, that's right. Only Dean Winchester gets to make those kinds of sacrifices," Castiel said scathingly.
"In the cage...which is in the pit...which is in Hell...which is in chaos," Crowley snorted.
While Dean may have always seemed to be the obedient son and had been the righteous man, he had also been the one to defy Heaven itself. Dean had rebelled against every force which had ever tried to dictate terms to him. John Winchester had been the only one who’d had any ability to control the hunter. Still, in the end, Dean had chosen Sam over his father’s will. This once again asserting his independence.
Then the angel locked his eyes with Dean and slowly leaned forward until their foreheads rested softly together, skin barely pressed to skin. Finally, he whispered, "Dean."
Suppressed by all my childish fears
Panic began clawing up from the pit of his spine toward the base of his neck. It was a clinging souring fear that threatened to engulf him. Sam couldn’t do it. He couldn’t face a reality where he’d never see Dean again. The air grew thin, his heart raced, and his chest hurt. His body began to quake so hard the table began to tremble.
Suddenly it screamed and erupted into black smoke as Crowley laid a hand on hit's head and commanded, "Ad Infernum!"
Then understanding resonated through him. Dean was referring to their deal. While he had pledged to talk and answer Castiel's questions, the angel had agreed that if he were scared or angry, he would stop and tell the hunter what Castiel needed to feel safe again.
“Dean!” Sam’s voice was fraught with fear and urgency.
Latest update on my health
“I guess Mrs. Cox, my eighth-grade teacher, was wrong,” Dean said forcing a smile. It was the charming grin Castiel had seen him use all to many times to try and con some hapless sheriff or witness on a hunt. “There
He paused, staring at an endless horizon that was barred to him. He couldn’t get farther than the property line. There was an invisible wall that hummed and vibrated slightly with energy.
It wouldn’t be his first rodeo.
Even the temporary “truce” they’d had with Lucifer while trying to save Chuck didn’t give Sam any respite. Lucifer had seemed content being in his current vessel, but they both knew the truth. Sam was literally created for Lucifer to inhabit, and no other being would fit as well. Now that Lucifer was again free and presumably looking for a new body to possess, Sam was certain that he was Lucifer’s top pick.
"The one who is still in the cage?" Rowena asked for once, sounding as if she was on Crowley's side.
Tears Sam refused to let fall gathered in the corner of his eyes. The angel was caked in a filth the hunter recognized. He’d known what it was like to sit in the dark for days sitting in his own waste. How long had Gabriel been trapped in Hell? How long had Asmodeus been keeping him prisoner?
“Not one word.”
Rubbing the back of his head and sighing, Dean made the effort to head for the door. Downstairs, that’s where Bobby kept all his books. If Dean was going to find anything that might help him and Cas find a way out of this world made for two, it would be in Bobby’s occult collection.
However, Dean had been wrong. He hadn’t known what losing Castiel was like, what it was
“You sold him out,” Sam repeated, taking a step back.
He looked around. He was no longer in the garden. In fact, there wasn’t much vegetation around at all. However, there were large rectangular shapes squatting motionless nearby. They were haphazardly arranged and yet there was something oddly familiar about them and the pattern.
Somehow Dean managed to get the coffee pot under the faucet and turned the handle for cold water.
“Cas,” Dean whispered the angel’s name, wiping at an escaping tear.
“Warned you, mum,” Crowley said, raising his glass. “Moose wake up a bit grumpy after a magical Mickey, even if you do tuck them in.”
to speak but choosing not to. It's the only defense he has left." The witch squeezed Sam's arm.
"Gabriel!" He shouted as the angel grabbed hold of the railing to pull himself fully to his feet. "What are you doin', son?"
It was stupid and self-destructive. It was a poorly thought-out plan.
"I hope you are having a pleasant day," the voice continued as Sam stared in apprehensive surprise at Rowena. "It comes to my attention that you have something that belongs to me, and I'd like it back."
He stood staring at the horizon, large white cumulonimbus clouds forming in the distance.
"We can write the company," Dean agreed. "If we ever get out of here."
"Oof!" He grunted and released his hold on the bunker door as he fumbled to grab the crutches the ER had provided.
Castiel stood in front of him, his arm raised and his hand out. His head was tilted slightly to the side, and the air seemed to crackle around him.  “I do not consent, Dean.”
As he exited the building and approached Baby, he halted. Gabriel was leaning against the car. The angel looked different. Instead of a suit, he now wore dark jeans, boots, an olive green t-shirt, and a short leather jacket. He looked at Sam.
CASTIEL STOOD SILENTLY watching Dean kneel in the grass, his body still trembling with grief. There was a part of him that was slowly coming back to life that felt sympathy for the hunter, even some empathy. Yet, most of the angel was locked in his own enmity resulting from his own trauma and the suffering the demon version of Dean had caused. It choked Castiel preventing him from saying anything, even acknowledging the hunter’s current anguish.
“I don’t care,” Loki said. “When he hit that hotel, he broke that promise, and it cost my father his life.”
Images, Dean fought to keep locked away into the deepest pits of his psyche leached through to his consciousness. Cas stripped naked, wet, dried spunk on his face, and hanging from a showerhead whispering to Dean, “Please, hurt me.”
The hunter wanted to lie and pretend. He didn't want to hurt the angel's feelings for doing something so thoughtful. Especially when Dean didn't deserve it.
Sam reached in with his long arms and grabbed hold of the angel.
Hours later Sam had gotten a call from a dive three hours away to come and pick his brother up. Dean had given the barkeep a wad of cash, Sam’s number, and instructions to call it once he’d drunk himself to unconsciousness.
He stumbled his way through the kitchen, out the back, and down the few steps. He kept his mind focused on his goal as he walked around the house toward the garage.
“Dean, if Sam had died then none of this ever would have happened. You wouldn’t have gone to hell and well...you broke.”
The Winchester brother flinched and gasped, automatically jerking back while raising his head. His gaze fixed on the angel.
"You are only trapped in a dream or waking up to memories of those nightmares. I lived them, Dean, knowing nothing was what I wanted, and yet, I cannot deny my own vessel betrayed me. The mind and body are not always in sync."
Sam nodded. Even after these few years, the loss felt raw and fresh. “Uh, yeah.”
Castiel shook his head, tears coursing down his cheeks.
“Tell me how having some gab-fest about what it felt like to feel your skin slick with sweat from pain and want or the musky taste of you in my mouth…” The words pummeled Castiel pounding into the tenuous reclamation of self he had achieved.
The angel tilted his head to the side for a moment, as if listening. He glanced around the room before suddenly charging forward. He grabbed Dean by the collar and lifted him. “Where are we?”
“STOP!” Dean yelled.
Sam shook his head and laughed, “You think you and Crowley...helping me..is Go...Chuck’s will?”
Rowena nodded. "Only a force of creation, like an archangel, has enough power to find, let alone open a rift into a pocket dimension."
“That wasn’t Gabriel. Lucifer did that.” Sam kept his gun pointed at the god.
Sorry for the long delay. Here's the latest updated. Kudos and Comments are appreciated.  Grammarly is my beta.
For a moment he almost felt at peace as he fell stunned and unchecked. There was tranquility in the uncontrolled descent. Ironically it reminded him of when he served heaven without question and in complete obedience. There was nothing to worry about, he wasn’t in control and therefore could not affect the outcome.
Rowena’s voice rose to a powerful crescendo, the symbols erupted into black fire, and the world twisted around Sam. The smell of sulfur filled the air and his gut twisted.
“Dean,” Castiel cried out softly focusing his whole being on the slim hope there was still something connecting him to the hunter. “Don’t do this. It will not give me peace or retribution. Your suffering, dying, won’t fix what is broken between us. I don’t know what will, but I do know the only way to figure it out is the way we always do...together.”
"Why?" the angel asked. "Because it frightens you? Because you do not believe it is what I really want?"
“Well, that doesn’t change the fact that I’m here. If you don’t want to talk...” Rowena shifted in her seat until she pressed her back against the door and she faced Sam. She tilted her mouth into a smile and cocked an eyebrow. “...we could do something else.”
Dean left the kitchen without a word.
“Yeah, that’s right. You’d never give Cas what he wants,” the demon sneered.
He knew why. It was easier than mourning Dean.
"No!" Dean moaned. The dam was breaking beyond all repair. He could feel it now, the sick arousal twisting in his gut. The need to rut inside Castiel with the need to mark and defile him.
Sam Winchester dared to blaspheme. What was the point of the letters? Was it all some last plot twist or some lesson?
"Ordinary angels, no, they wouldna work," Rowena explained, "but an archangel... there's a cosmic force."
“Cas…” Dean wanted to plead, beg, the angel to stop this, but he couldn’t. The words stuck in his throat. He’d agreed to Castiel’s terms, Dean owed the angel that much, but it felt like he was being stripped, cut open, and put on display so that the whole world could see all the deeply damaged parts of himself.
“Baby, she wasn’t just...a home for Sammy and me,” he began, his voice almost too soft to be heard. “Yes, she was my ‘first’ for so much in my life. Where is where I first learned to read, where I stored my first gun, where I learned to drive, and yeah...well, you get the picture. More importantly, she was...mine from the moment Dad gave her to me. She was the first real thing that really was. I mean, yeah, Sammy and I grew up in her and shared many memories, but she was mine in a way that she was never Sam’s.”
Rowena rolled her eyes. "Do you want to waste more time with another trip ta the hospital?" She pulled the crutch from his right hand and tossed it over the railing. It clattered noisily to the floor below.
Dean hung his head and clenched his fists. "I dream...I dream I'm the one hurting you, Cas."
“This place doesn’t exist.” Castiel took a step toward the window and looked out it.
“A safeword.”
Dean opened his eyes wide first in understanding, then fear. He jerked against Castiel's hold, straining to break free from his grasp. “Cas, no.”
"More imp-"
Another pair of hands joined the hunter’s. Together they lifted the aperture.
Dean’s world spun. He couldn’t focus. Pain exploded along his butt. He blinked. He was on the floor again. Had he fallen?
Whew! Finally, Gabriel is onboard! Again I drew from Unfinished Business. Poor Sam, he shouldn't ask questions he really doesn't want the answer to. And what about Dean and Cas?! The push/pull with them never ends...does it? Or maybe that's the problem. They aren't doing enough push/pull ;P
“You used every technique, including my favorite,” the demon practically hummed in Dean’s ear. It swept its hand further along Dean’s body, down his chest, and past his chest before pausing to brush its fingers through the thatch of curly hairs just above Dean’s cock. The tiny follicles clung and matted themselves to the demon’s fingers wet with Dean’s blood.
“We talked.” The explanation sounded weak and anti-climatic to Dean’s ears, but hell, that’s what had happened.
While he was no longer distracted by the pain of broken ribs, his head still hurt. It was like someone was pounding
Sam's heart plummeted into his stomach. As he watched in stunned silence as Gabriel began to back away.
“Hey,” Sam said softly as he laid a hand on Dean’s shoulder. “I...I miss him too, but this isn’t what he’d want.”
There was a flutter of wings, and Sam found himself seated in one of the chairs scattered around the table. Gabriel was pressing two fingers to the hunter's head. Suddenly an incandescent feeling began to flood its way through Sam's system.
He shook his head.
Dean’s eyes closed and his body went lax. His breathing became deep and even as he surrendered to the angel’s grace. The hunter was in a deep dreamless sleep.
Okay...so when I originally conceived this story I had this whole brief convoluted time travel subplot that was going to bring Gabriel back from the dead. Then low and behold...SPN cannon gave me a much simpler way to do it! One which might provide Sam's some angsty angel interaction of his own! LOL
Bid my blood to run
“Come to
What it had done assured that neither Dean nor Castiel would ever be able to do more than ache. Their bond was tattered, and even if they somehow could find a way to mend it, the connection would never ripen into something more.
Dean hung his head and scratched at the back of his neck. “I couldn’t lose you. I just couldn’t.”
Castiel forced himself to remember. He had to or he was lost, more importantly, the demon won. The angel growled and shook his head. No, he wouldn’t let it.
“That was the first crack,” Alistair purred, “when you erupted in my hand, screaming out in bliss instead of agony. You hated me, but you hated yourself more. You vowed it would never happen again, but it did. I made the offer of a reprieve off and on for over the next six months, and you rejected it, until one day you...didn’t.”
Sam blinked. Had...was Gabriel been flirting with him? The hunter gave himself a mental shake as he rose from the chair. He walked over to the case and opened it. "All right. Anyway, if there are only, uh, three gods or monsters or whatever, why are there four swords? "
"Your warding wasn't designed for the likes of me, Samuel," Asmodeus said as Sam tried to sit up straight. "I've come to claim what's mine."
Bid my blood to run
An arm locked around his waist keeping him in place. It was the demon.
Okay, long one with lots of feels. So if you get the feels...throws some kudos and comments. It's been a long week. Oh..and I finally came up with a Team Name for Sam's little trio!
The demons began to drag Gabriel toward the stairs to exit the bunker.
The hunter didn’t respond at first, then sluggishly like a toy robot using the last of its batteries, he moved. Dean rolled onto his back.
Dean knew Cas. Whatever he did, no matter how justified, he’d grow to regret it in the end. Castiel was good. Too good for even Heaven.
Castiel moved with the swiftness of heaven, crowding into Dean’s personal space and nearly pushing him back against the door. “You will if I say you will.”
Looking at Crowley, Sam pointed his thumb behind him back toward the secret viewport. “That guy is like Azazel?”
Dean shot Castiel a glance.
Castiel stood on the bottom step gazing up his. His lips were pursed together in a tight line and his eyes were blazing blue with the light of his grace. “Dean, we need to talk.”
"I'm sorry...I didn't-" The hunter jumped back a little. He scratched the back of his neck. "Look, I shouldn't have asked...you don't owe me anything."
the demon, Castiel. Damnit, I wasn’t possessed!” Dean remained where the angel left him.
Sam glanced at Rowena before looking back at Crowley, who was picking at his well-manicured hands. He refused to look sheepish.
Gabriel had been a cruel trickster forcing Sam to watch Dean die over and over again in an endless loop of creative and absurd deaths until Sam had got the runaway archangel’s point that Sam had to let Dean go. Was this Chuck’s version of the Mystery Spot? Was this God’s way of telling Sam that his brother was gone?
"What does that mean?"
Before I come undone
“Pleas do not work, you taught me that,” Castiel said his hand sliding beneath Dean’s underwear and wrapping around Dean’s length.
Those had been Dean’s first words to the angel once he’d been cured.
"So that's the whole..trickster thing." Sam still hadn't forgotten about what Gabriel had done at the Mystery Spot or about the TV Land...whatever that had been. "What did Loki do while you were impersonating him?"
“He didn’t want you. He didn’t...” The hunter’s mumbled into the concrete as tears ran freely down his cheeks and tremors wracked his body. Then suddenly he made an abortive movement as if trying to crawl.
have to so much torture?”
“C..Cas, hey, it’s o..okay,” Dean stuttered trying to reassure the angel. “I got you.”
“You have many,” Castiel teased.
“Bloody stubborn fool,” he heard Rowena mutter as she opened her handbag.
The hunter gasped then made a gurgling noise as if biting back a scream. His face twisted into a grimace.
“To everything,” Castiel said matter of factly.
“Killing Loki,” Gabriel answered as he leaned closed and gently touched Sam’s forehead. “Tank’s still pretty much on empty, so this might take a little longer than usual.”
Sam nodded, "Right."
“I never thought of raping him!” Dean yelled.
He closed his eyes and concentrated, building up barriers and pushing away the thrum of confusion and panic he felt from the human below. It should be easy. He wasn’t the same angel he’d been before he’d died.
“Dean-”
Standing outside the panic room, the angel could hear Dean’s prayers clearly.
“Rape you? Torture you? Break you?” Dean barked, interrupting Cas again. He shook his head and spun back around. “Alistair...what happened in hell has nothing to do with this.”
When had he gotten hard? When had Dean? Blue eyes met green.
I got out. But then…" He took a few steps toward the angel and continued, "..then my family needed me. And this is my life. No matter how many times I tried to fight it,
"Yeah, okay...funny guy," Dean chuckled slightly as he shuffled a little closer. "I'll try again. Why did you say 'yes?'"
The angel narrowed his eyes. It was his turn to shift in his seat as he leaned forward slightly. "Your answer does not really elucidate the question. Explain it to me, Dean. What was the purpose in trying to ruin the Impala?"
I haven't disappeared! Here's a new chapter!
“The way I see it I
"What about the Book of the Damned? The Demon Tablet?"
Every muscle his neck and shoulder felt strained to the point even the slightest movement felt punishing.  Still, he made himself lift his head and look around the room.
"Because you need it," Sam said, meeting the angel's gaze before reaching for his wrist. "And because if I had a shot at Lucifer... I'd take it."
The Winchester shook his head. He couldn't say it. None of this was Crowley's business. As it was, the demon already had too much on them. Sam had no doubt the King of Hell would use it and anything else he learned against them at some future point when he needed their help to save his skin.
Castiel turned around. Dean was sweeping up some glass and other detritus across the room. Surprisingly, the hunter had even revealed more about his feelings. It was as if that tiniest of confessions was a pebble setting off a chain reaction that could lead to an avalanche.
There had been a time the angel had been Dean’s literal salvation. Castiel had fought the denizens of Hell and pulled Dean's soul free from Perdition.
Castiel didn’t deserve this. Asking him to heal Dean, was putting the angel into the very situation he had made clear he did not want.
“Sam, dear, where do ya think you are going?”
The angel had rebuilt Dean. Castiel had resurrected Dean, giving him not just life again but hope. He’d also become the best friend Dean had ever had, forsaking even Heaven for the hunter.
She raised her eyebrows and tilted her head.
Aside from dealing with Michael, Sam felt the most dangerous part of the plan was traveling past the throne room. While the trio had no idea of where Lucifer currently was, there was a high probability he could be in Hell. In which case, going anywhere near the fallen angel was extremely dangerous for Sam.
Evanescence
“Why?”
Once upon a time, Dean had been more than just a charge to Castiel. There had been a bond between them that went beyond friendship or family. In all of the measurements of his existence, Castiel had never known such a connection.
“It was the apocalypse!”
It didn’t matter what Dean had said, what was happening to him now was of consequence. Nor was this about being a martyr, as the angel had accused.
Briefly, Castiel’s vision blurred the then overlapped with the now. He was back in the bunker bent over the back of the car and under Dean, the demon grabbing at….
Call my name and save me from the dark
Sam sighed and began to slowly crawl around the floor looking for the entrance to. He wasn’t all too sure what had sparked this concern for his well-being in Rowena. Maybe it had been because they had worked together to stop all of creation from being undone. Perhaps it was the excitement of being included in one of Chuck’s grand plans.
"You can't be serious!" Crowley put his glass down. "Michael? The perfect vessel for your brother?"
Perhaps then it was time for Castiel to consider what he wished now. Rebelling wasn’t enough if he did not know what it was that he desired.
The angel bristled at the familiarity but ignored it for the moment. He had to understand what was happening. “Yes. You have been calling out to me.”
He looked back up and caught Castiel’s gaze again. “That was the first time I felt that way, but not the last.”
“How were you going to deliver this...bomb?” Castiel asked.
The hunter didn’t want to say it. He could bear Castiel’s hatred, but not his fear.
"Enough!" Sam snapped as he reached the bottom of the stairs. He shrugged off the witch and gestured towards the crutch lying on the floor before focusing back on Crowley. "The pages. Where did you find them?"
Don't let me die here
“Dean,” Amara called out as Chuck moved back to her side. “You gave me something I needed most. I want to do the same for you.”
When he was satisfied all was well with Dean, he sent another small pulse of grace flowing into the hunter’s body along with a simple command.
Crowley quieted. Sam would have thought there was a flash of chagrin on the demon's face if he thought the demon was capable of such feelings.
“Look outside,” Castiel pointed. “See the horizon.”
Still, Castiel could not leave them in that limbo. By morning he'd concluded that they must press on with their discussions. It was the only way they could find some semblance of healing while helping to ensure those hidden longings could never be used against them again.
“To begin with we can do what you avoid most, Dean. Talk.” The angel once again fixed his gaze on the hunter.
Scrapping the spatula along the bottom of the pan, Dean turned the thick pulpy eggs one last time.
Sam rubbed his eyes. They were watery and yet at the same time they felt as if there were tiny bits of grit just beneath his eyelids. Sighing he reached for the half-full coffee cup to his right. He grimaced as he took a sip. It was cold and old.
about it? In fairness, they hadn’t even really finished talking about the Impala. That was another reason Castiel had been keeping his distance.
“To take me in?” Sam half-turned as if looking around for some sort of indication this was a setup, a joke.
“You’re a sick fuck,” Dean snapped.
Biting back a scream, Dean pushed himself to a seated position leaning against the front of the sofa. He sat there for several long minutes catching his breath and looking for any sign of the angel.
Castiel had shut himself off to the older Winchester’s soul months ago. Yet, here in this version of Bobby’s, it was almost impossible not to hear it.
Dean lifted his fork and sank it into a pile of the tiny yellow rubbery mounds. Focusing on just one simple action at a time, he forced a bite into his mouth, chewed, and swallowed. His stomach churned painfully, rejecting the intrusion but Dean persisted. The sooner he was done, the sooner this macabre recreation would be over.
Among the dead
The angel locked his eyes back on Dean’s before giving him a little shake, hard enough to rattle his teeth together. “Of course you offered yourself up as the instrument of her destruction. What did Sam say? You rushing off to die again, abandoning him.”
Swallowing, he moved his head to look around. Tears formed in his.
For a moment Dean forgot his unsteady hands, the pain his head, and the twist in his gut as all the blood rushed to his dick.
"Why?"
“What else are we going to do in your private paradise? Isn’t this what you wanted?” Castiel let go of Dean’s arms. He splayed one hand across Dean’s chest, easily pinning and holding him against the wall while using his other hand to skim under the hunter’s shirt.
It was an echo, a riff, on what he’d said in the kitchen earlier. Dean’s response earlier had been anger. Now it was confusion edged with disappointment. He was tired. He didn’t want this anymore. Not without…
“Fergus?” Rowena asked. “He was here. He had one of these notes too?”
From his peripheral vision, Sam saw the witch dab at the corner of her eye with the back of her hand.
Please let me know if you like. Kudos and comments are like Mardi Gras beads, you just can't get enough. :)
The bunker powered down, and the lights went out. The alarm began to blare. The red light of the backup generator kicked on, bathing everyone in a blood-red glow and casting hellish shadows.
For a moment the pressure against Dean’s chest was increased, like a truck backing up against it. There was a sharp stabbing pain in his ribs as if one or more were beginning to crack.  He would have screamed if he could.
"Loki...the god of mischief? You and Loki and friends?" Sam let out a huff. "Guess that explains a lot."
Still, some part of Castiel doubted Dean. The angel had plenty of reasons why. The only way to know for sure if Dean was telling the truth, would honor his word, was to test the validity of it and the angel knew exactly how.
Dean had mocked and humiliated the angel while rutting deep inside his vessel.
It was an observation hard to deny as Rowena began an incantation from the Book of the Damned. At the same time, Crowley tested the strength of a demon ward. Ten years ago, Sam and Dean would have killed both the witch and the demon without a second thought. Now, they were the hunter's closest...only allies in defense of an archangel.
The hunter halted and stared at Castiel for a moment before nodding and stepping out on the porch. The screen door slammed shut behind him.
“What you did to Sam?”
Sam struggled for breath. How had it come to this, that the only two
Then with his usual flutter, the angel disappeared.
“Castiel, no...I-” Oxygen or not somehow the words were starting to spill out of his mouth, he was trying to explain.
"Well yeah. It's a stretch but better than Lucifer." Sam argued. "I mean, Michael would be motivated to find Dean."
"Sure," Dean nodded. "I probably could do with something to eat. Later then?"
Sam’s gut twisted so hard he nearly choked. Down in the dark under the ruins of Bobby’s house with a busted ankle and cracked skull was not the time or place for these memories of being chained to a wall like a dog, stewing in his own filth, and aching with a need so great he was willing to ra-
Fantasy or reality, it didn’t matter. Castiel would end this. He would-
What had happened? Had something attacked Dean, sending him to the panic room for refuge?  Castiel glanced around looking for signs of struggle.
With a flutter, Castiel disappeared, teleporting himself to the roof. He stared at the stars in silent contemplation. He had a lot think about.
He was drowning in memories he’d repressed and locked away to the most remote part of his mind. He’d buried them so deep, they hadn’t even been the stuff of nightmares. Yet, they were now fresh and raw in his mind and so vivid he could almost feel Alistair’s hands on him.
Sam, Rowena, and Crowley clutched at their stomachs, grimacing. Crowley's eyes filled with blood while Rowena let out a piercing scream. Sam groaned. It felt like Asmodeus was rearranging the hunter's intestines. The Winchester could only imagine what the Prince was doing to the demon and the witch. Whatever it was, Sam did know that they were all dying, slowly.
The angel set the book down on the desk before stalking his way over to Dean. He was not just going to just raze their temporary truce and then retreat. "No, what did you want to ask? I want to know. Tell me what part of everything that happened was unclear to you?"
The angel tilted his head, studying Dean, and then sat back down. "There is more in the refrigerator."
Pain burst through Dean’s abdomen and he doubled over.  He didn’t have time to react before another blow landed at the small of his back, dropping him to the floor. Then Dean’s world bled into a series of agonizing moments as his father circled him like a shark kicking him as he went.
Castiel seized as Dean's taunt rose up to assail him again.
“Apparently.” Dean’s smiles were little more than ash on the wind to Castiel.
“Sam? How long has it been since you slept?” Rowena looked back at him.
Dean dropped to the floor. He turned on his side and retched. Coffee, eggs, and bile spewed across the floor.
Sam stood and turned toward the door. Perhaps it was time for a break. He put his hand on the doorknob then paused. What if this just kept going on this way? Gabriel showed no signs of changing or gave any indication that he wanted to change.
Yet, the confession had damned them. Even if the hunter could find a way to forgive himself for what had happened, how could Dean ever forgive Castiel for submitting to the demon?
"I said, 'stud muffin.'" Gabriel winked. "In Macedonian."
Dean hated to ask, but a part of him had to know. It was the same piece of him that was terrified of the answer. The hunter had his suspicions and if he was right….
"No. Should there be?" Castiel replied.
Pursing her lips and nodding slightly, she reached for the handbag hanging from the crook of her elbow.
Dean choked out a harsh laugh. “Newsflash buddy, he already won and nothing we chat about is going to change that.”
Pushing back against the twist in his gut and dragged down memory lane,  he laid two strips next to the fork he had perched along the edge of one plate, and two on the other plate. Then he gave dishing out the last of the eggs a second try. It went a little better.
Castiel gazed into Dean's eyes, his hand resting on the back of the hunter's neck with their foreheads pressed together. Time stood still and yet passed as rapidly as the hunter's heartbeat.
“Seven years is a long time to plan my own personal vengeance, “Gabriel growled. “So if you are having second thoughts-”
He took a breath and nodded. "Okay, Cas. Let's do your experiment."
Castiel had been locked away inside of Lucifer. He’d made the deal to be the devil’s vessel to help save the world and to save Sam. However, he’d also done it because he’d been tired.
The hunter rubbed his arms. “How, Castiel? Just what do you think we can do to fix any of this?”
Dean snapped his head up, causing a nauseating throb. Ignoring it, he turned and headed for the door. Bobby kept a mini-fridge in the garage stocked with cold-ones.
The hunter lay motionless, his empty stare looking past the angel.
They were words meant to strike out, to fight back. It was a classic move of a cornered and desperate Dean Winchester and it had been a mistake, a grave miscalculation.
“I hit head my head…,” he mumbled his response on auto-pilot, “and possibly broke my ankle.”
“I don’t under-” Castiel began to say.
Castiel shuddered fighting back a sob. Just as the angel was living with the unwanted recollections from the bunker, the hunter was as well.
The angel was staring at Sam in panic but also with eyes full of trust. Gabriel was terrified, and yet he believed the Winchester could keep him safe.
. I didn’t...how could I know...he was going to touch me, Castiel. Touch me like
Castiel's eyes flashed blue. "No more so than climaxing at the hand of your rapist."
So my busy fall just got busier. I'm going to my first SPN con! JJ won't be there, but Misha will be! So, for three weekends in a row I will be traveling (and will have a b-day snuck in there somehow).
Cas narrowed his eyes. Dean had far more power to hurt the angel then he knew. Again it sounded as if Dean were angling to find a way to wield it over Castiel. “Why?”
, they are my addiction.
“Not going to eat your bacon?” Castiel asked tilting his head. “Did you at least save the grease?”
Then Dean’s tongue was lapping against the angel’s center, teasing and tasting it. Hungrily he licked and swiped his tongue across the sensitive flesh trying to get more of it. Dean’s senses were overwhelmed with Castiel’s scent and flavor. Over and over, he indulged himself on the angel’s puckered skin until Castiel was rocking into him, offering more and Dean didn’t refuse.
It was the smallest act of faith, and it humbled Dean. He'd neither earned nor deserved it.
"Yes." The angel nodded. "Later."
Sam had been terrified, the memories of the horrors of the time he’d spent with Lucifer all too fresh crowding out even the more recent memories of what had happened to him in the bunker.  Somehow, though, he’d found the will to say ‘no’ to Lucifer.
Kudos and Comments always appreciated.
The light from Sam’s phone suddenly bounced back at him rather than being swallowed up by the darkness. His breath hitched as he realized there was something more than concrete and empty space in front of him, there was a metal door.
“Your father has a more twisted sense of humor than you,” Sam whispered to Gabriel. Then the symbols burst into black fire, and the world wrenched sideways.
“Uh...magic?”
Dean scooted his chair back from the table and let his arms fall to his side. Unfortunately, it did little to make him feel less cornered nor to keep his defenses from rising.
He reached for the faucet and twisted it. The old pipes protested for a moment, and then cold water shot out the tap like prisoners making a break for it. Dean stuck a cupped hand under the spray
"You're too weak!" Asmodeus shouted.
Sam rose to his feet and threw a right cross to Loki's jaw. The hunter's fist sailed right through.
Then, like a Kansas storm born of colliding fronts, the terror whipped around into anger. He was an angel of the Lord! He had fought the battles of Perdition. He’d rebelled against the Hosts of Heaven and he’d defied the Morningstar himself to deter the Apocalypse.
“It’s nothing,” Dean licked his lips. “It’ll pass. Probably in the next twenty-four to forty-eight hours...tops.”
Again, it wasn’t a prayer but a cry of silent anguish.
“No!” Dean’s denunciation was barely a whisper as his throat seized. The memories were no longer snippets. They were a wall of monitors in his brain all displaying and replaying everything at once.
Glancing down at the book in front of him, he carefully noted the last paragraph of which he’d been able to make any sense. It swam before him, indecipherable.
The hunter was hurt, alone, and unarmed. He was desperate and tried the only thing he could think of that might help. He prayed.
Castiel jerked his head up, listening and identifying the source.
“NOOO!” Cas screamed in his true voice. Lightning flashed through the air. What right had Dean to be angry? Castiel had done everything he could to save him, to save Sam. He’d sacrificed and suffered. He’d let…
“Hurry up!” the hunter quietly snarled.
“You do not get to say that to me!” Castiel roared.
(note for author: reviewed with Grammarly)
Dean grimaced. He had never wanted to recall, let alone discuss, those memories of Alistair. They'd belonged in the box he'd buried deep in his psyche, but Castiel had drugged them out, and now he wasn't certain he could stuff them back inside.
Dean felt like he’d been kicked in the gut. All the air left his lungs in a rush, and he couldn’t seem to breathe any back inside.
Save me from the nothing I've become
“Alistair,” Dean said as little more than a pained sigh. Then he started to scream.
There was silence as Dean wrapped his arms around his chest as if he could somehow hold in all the misery flowing out of him.  “I was so tired, Cas, so broken...and I did it. I said it just for the small chance to not
Sam wanted to eviscerate Asmodeus. He
"Usually, at the beginning is a pretty good place to start," Gabriel said. "Unless you're in a Christopher Nolan movie, then all bets are off."
And Chuck help, me Cas...I...it felt good...it felt wrong, but it didn’t hurt, and I couldn’t help it...and…”
Only then did he let the memories wash over him. They were like mud flowing into a pristine pool, clouding and tainting a perfect moment and Castiel screamed into the pillow.
"Don't you?" The words tumbled out of Dean's mouth.
Dean knew Castiel could make him sleep. Worse, the hunter knew the angel could enter Dean's dreams and that was something he couldn't let happen anymore. He couldn't let Castiel see the sick replays of the things the demon had done to the angel spun out in the nightly theater of Dean's unconscious.
“Crowley!” Sam warned.
Sam shifted his gun to aim at the demon. It would do him even less good against the King of Hell, but it was the principle of the thing. “What are you doing here? What’s going on?”
The fear charging the angel’s rage vibrated through his arms. Dean thrashed and then suddenly it was if something clicked. His eyes shifted and rotated until they were fixed on Castiel.
The passage would take them to the Cage, where Rowena would use another spell to break Michael out. There would be
“I don’t understand-”
He’d had a millisecond to register that he was facing an angry Amara before her power slammed into, tearing apart his grace. The pain had been agonizing, but he welcomed it. He was no longer facing a millennial existence carrying the hurt, the shame, and the fear. He’d wouldn’t have to live with Dean’s contempt or his own failure. He’d thought he’d heard Dean scream and then there had been nothing.
Dean managed to keep his thought from being a prayer. How far was the angel going to go to recreate what the demon had done to him?
“Castiel. Don’t. Plea-”
“Where are you going with this, Cas?” Dean spat out, leaning on the back of his chair as he climbed to his feet.
“I am a creature of Heaven. Perhaps my desires have less to do with retribution and more with reconciliation.”
He didn’t have the fondest memories of this place. He’d suffered agonizing pain and soul-crushing hallucinations while Bobby and Dean had tried to force him to go “cold turkey” to break his addiction to demon blood.
Dean stumbled over to the desk. His head was beginning to pound. If only the angel had. If he’d just left the Winchesters, stayed away from Dean, the demon would never have…
Dean nodded. “What about us?”
Crowley’s words sunk in and Sam glanced up. “Wait. What-!”
A new and different anguish filled him.
Dean glanced back at Crowley who was watching him behind a facade of cool indifference. They’d tried a “rescue” attempt to free Cas. Crowley had temporarily possessed him while Lucifer was distracted, only Cas hadn’t wanted to be free. He’d been content to be mindlessly locked away in Lucifer’s mind.
He opened the first book. If there wasn’t any booze, there at least had to be a clue on how to get out of here. Chuck owed him that.
The angel shook his head. "Not wholly. I could lie and say that it was the only reason, but…."
“Tell me, Dean were you possessed? Was it another entity inside you?” Castiel snarled in Dean’s face. “I did not see one. I only saw your soul, riddled with corruption.”
Cas had struggled again. Fought to get away from the thing impaling him, splitting him into.
Tears stung Dean’s eyes as memories began to seep out of the dark corners of his psyche, where he’d tried to lock them away.  Once, he’d nearly had them so deeply buried he’d almost managed to convince himself they didn’t exist.
Dean's mouth went dry. Castiel wasn't talking about them going back to the friendship they had before. Instead, he was suggesting that they finally evolve into something more.
“Wot? Can’t take the milk and leave the cow now, can we?” Crowley said, holding the small gate open.
He took a deep breath reached for one of the books he hadn’t opened yet. He inhaled sharply. His hand was shaking, like the first time he salted and burned a pile of bones when he was six. Swallowing he made a fist, clenching it tight, and holding it for several long minutes.
The elder Winchester did not seem to comprehend the situation. The angel was resolved  He’d run scared, given himself over to Lucifer, and even died in order to avoid dealing with the consequences of what the demon had done to him. He’d almost done the same acts to Dean in retaliation. Worse, Castiel had nearly let Dean die in agony as if somehow that would alleviate the angel’s suffering.
“Are you sure yer up for it?” Rowena replied, casting a side glance toward Sam’s foot. “And put that knife away. Unless you do want ta get caught.”
Castiel came back to himself staring at Dean, gazing into green eyes bright with tears and a soul free of the demon’s corruption. “Dean.”
Memories of another time when Dean had been at the mercy of another unworldly being who could and did rip him apart only to put him back together again pushed at the back of Dean’s mind.
Sam swept the phone slowly, back and forth until he had almost canvased the entire floor of the room. There was just a small corner in the back that he couldn’t reach without crawling a little further inside.
“Oh, you won't have heard of me—us. We're very traditional. Keep out of the way, keep to our studies,” she explained. She inched the pistol slightly higher. “They sent me to take you in.”
He concentrated using what little energy he had on uncurling his body and rolling over.
The angel tucked a book on the shelf behind Bobby's old desk. At least that had been the intention. Then suddenly they were...arguing. It wasn't fighting, nor was it really acrimonious. In fact, it was quite illogical.
Sam turned his head sharply and looked at the witch, his eyes open wide. “Not gonna happen, not now, not-”
“Hello, hello.” A woman’s voice, in a formal British accent, suddenly sounded through the bunker as Sam reached the bottom step jerking him out his thoughts.
Sam took a deep breath and let it out slowly. There was no way he was discussing the events in the bunker with Rowena. “That’s between them.”
Castiel took a deep breath and steadied himself. He had to end this, stop Dean. He quickly studied the wards for any signs of weakness. Bobby Singer was too good at what he did. There was no way the angel was making it past the wards. If he was going to help the hunter, Dean would have to come to him.
Dean prayed even as he guided the wrecked angel over onto his back. The hunter knew what was coming. He tried to stop himself, but he wasn’t in control. Once again Dean was overwhelmed with Castiel’s taste as he took the head of the angel’s weeping cock into his mouth.
Visions of Dean flashed through Castiel’s consciousness, memories of the bunker and before. Snippets of images from Dean driving the Impala, slamming his fist into Castiel’s jaw, slow sipping a beer, to clasping a hand on Castiel shoulder all reminded the angel of the maelstrom of motion that was Dean.
"And how is making me relive them wide awake going to solve anything?"
He glanced at the witch.
"Angels?" Sam asked.
Then Gabriel growled, raising his head and fixing those cobalt eyes on the demon.
It had been the demon.
Dean got his feet under him and managed to stand. His body shook with the effort.
Fresh tears gathered in Dean's eyes. "I'm sorry. I didn't know."
"Is there a reason you are still here?" Sam asked behind gritted teeth as he began to bunny hop down the stairs holding on to Rowena and one crutch. "Isn't there a sewer somewhere missing a giant rat?"
“Well we came this far, I thought we should look around, don’t you?” Rowena continued her measured pace towards the charred rubble.
“Oh you are right there, Deano,” the demon said working its belt open. “Cas here didn’t want me, he wanted you, but I’m all he got. All he’s ever gonna get, am I right?”
Sam took a deep breath and tilted his head. As always when it came to the Scottish witch, he was never sure quite whether to shoot her or offer her a cup of tea. “What are you doing here?” he asked, still aiming his gun.
The hunter had sung to Castiel, mocking him with lyrics from a song called "Angel of the Morning."
force."
Once he was confident the hunter was unharmed, the angel released his hold on Dean. Castiel licked his lips and cleared his throat. He'd demanded Dean talk about the Impala.
The demon rolled its eyes. “Oh c’mon on Deano, admit it. You dreamt of this, you and Castiel getting groiny.”
“Dean,” Castiel answered as if just saying the name held back all the nightmares seeking to drag him into a terror-filled slumber from which he would never wake up.
He’d said his goodbyes, made his peace with dying. He’d walked into the garden prepared to blow up The Darkness. Yet, she’d known it was a setup the moment he’d stepped toward her.
Castiel had responded before he’d had a chance to contemplate his actions. “Dean! Look at me. It’s not real.”
Sam knew those eyes, but his mind could not...would not process the information. It could not reconcile what it saw before him with what it knew. The creature inside the cage was bloodied, filthy, and terrified. Ragged clothes hung off its emaciated body, matted hair hung over its face, and its lips were sewn shut.
“Looking for Bobby’s panic room,” Sam said swiping his hand over his face before twisting around once more.  He’d have to crawl around but he was sure the room couldn’t be too far away.
"Och! Well, it's not like Chuck left us a map to where it is," Rowena answered. "I mean knowing a thing exists is not the same as knowing where it is. Ya can't just pick up a yew branch and douse the location of a pocket dimension."
Castiel nodded as he sat on a chair opposite the hunter. "Dean, I have walked this earth since creation. I believe I can follow simple instructions printed on a can."
Sure, he had been willing to die to save the universe, but he hadn’t been doing it because of altruism. Dean had done it because he couldn’t bear to see the hurt in Sam’s eyes anymore. He couldn’t carry the weight of the guilt he bore. He wasn’t able to endure the anguish ripping him apart from losing Cas long before the angel had died. How was Dean supposed to grieve both the loss of the bond he’d had with Castiel and then the angel’s death as well?  He sure as hell couldn’t
"A filter?" the angel asked, cocking his head slightly. "There was no mention of a 'filter' on the can."
The angel stood clenching the railing with his head held low. He was breathing hard and shaking.
Suddenly, a cobalt luminescence burst into life in Gabriel's eyes. With a yell, he grabbed for the two demons holding him. Then, with one arm on each, he flung them like discarded candy wrappers over the railing. They crashed to the floor with aborted cries and meaty thuds.
Cas narrowed his eyes. “So, are you saying all of that wasn’t the demon, but you?”
Dean shook his head. “We’re nothing alike.”
Somehow they were in his room in the bunker. The lights were low, and Castiel was laying face down and naked on Dean’s bed.  The equally nude demon version of himself was bent over the angel trailing slow, intimate kisses down its spine, whispering words into it until Castiel groaned and shifted, exposing himself.
He grimaced as the pain still throbbed from ligaments and a joint that had not been ready to bear any weight. Bad sprains were often worse than a break. They're
Got to open my eyes to everything
Pursing his lips, he watched Dean slip away toward the kitchen door. Once the hunter was out of sight, Castiel sat quietly on the roof and looked toward the horizon. He should speak to Dean again. If nothing else, confirm that his progress to repair the car was going well.
“Boys!” Rowena hissed as she grabbed the demon blade and followed them toward the passage.
Dean closed his eyes and silently counted to two before twisting around to look at his brother. He hated looking at Sammy. It hurt. There was always love and forgiveness shining in Sam’s eyes, while in Dean’s mind were the memories of what he’d done to his brother.
"Baby?" Dean narrowed his eyes as if he wasn't sure how to process the angel's question.
“Similar,” Sam said pointing to the sheet Crowley had delivered. “Found it in his pocket.”
“And if I do?” Castiel replied, the sting of truth causing him to suddenly release his hold on Dean. “Do I not have sufficient cause, Dean?’
“Don’t you do it, Castiel! Don’t you…” Dean screamed, his whole being focused on the angel. “I’m not worth it. You hear me? Run! Go!”
“Dean.” Castiel’s voice was rough, the timbre of it conveying all that couldn’t be said but needed to be. This cycle between them couldn’t go on.
Dedicated to Yaoiluvur for planting the idea in my head. This Evanescence song does work, especially with this chapter:
So there he stood, watching light return to the world, power return to Chuck, and Amara turn from the Big Bad to the Newly Redeemed.
Gabriel looked at Sam. Silent entreaty in his eyes.
“This
Dean’s sleep was still deep and dreamless.
“Wait, does this mean you’re going to help?” Sam asked. “No tricks?”
Castiel grew silent, and his shoulders hunched slightly. He glanced out the window. "I was tired. There weren't enough liquor stores to drink dry, and I didn't want to remember or think anymore. Saying 'yes' to Lucifer seemed like a sound strategy. I would protect Sam, help in the fight against Amara. My brother would subsume my consciousness under his, and I would be free."
Sam studied the demon for a moment, then gave a curt nod. He believed him.
"I have more important things to do right now than join your band of misfits on an Easter egg hunt!" Gabriel yelled.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Dean leaned over the desk, placing his palms flat on top of it for support, bracing for an answer he wasn’t sure he wanted to hear.
A shudder went through Castiel. For once, his reaction wasn’t over what the hunter had done but rather what the angel had done.
“Moose, if a demon in Hell sees through mother’s little ruse and realizes you’re a Winchester, you get a nice cell and a warm reunion with Luci.” Crowley crossed his arms. “They recognize me?”
The angel let out a loud whimper that broke Sam's heart before looking at the hunter.
“What makes you think I fear you, Dean Winchester?” Castiel snapped his grip on Dean’s arm tightened.
For several long moments, he was locked into a vicious cycle of painful cramps and dry-heaving until he was shaking so hard he could barely stand.  Eventually, his system settled. He panted, doubled over the sink, breathing in the sour smell of his own sick.
It had been years, but once recognition had begun to set in, the details fell into place. He knew where he was, but it was impossible.
“Heya, hot stu-” The angel frowned and started trotting toward the hunter. “You don’t look so good.”
“That was a long time ago.” Dean’s words sounded hollow.
Castiel swore in Enochian and curled his hands into fists, driving his nails into his palms. He didn’t want to remember those moments of forced gratification. They were no less violations than the ones that had left him battered and raw. Yet, somehow they had stripped him barer. They had robbed more from himself, tainted him, and made deeper fissures into his being than the violent attacks.
is what I was put here to do. This is where I make the world a better place. And sure, hookers and Monte Carlo sounds great, but your family needs you. Castiel, your little brother, needs you. Dean needs you….Gabriel,
They were flying by the seat of their pants.
Guilt and worry stabbed through him. How was his brother doing? Dean had left him alone, abandoned him.
“Wake up, Dean!” Castiel had yelled. He had wanted him awake, if for no other reason than to stop the prayers.
He fluttered his wings and appeared in Bobby’s basement. “Dean!”
"So you whammied me." Dean cut Cas off without thinking. The hunter's tone was sharpened with fear that came out sounding angry the way his words always did when he was more scared than he wanted to admit.
So, whether or not Dean consented, Castiel could enter the hunter’s dreams. Yet, would he? What if the angel did? How would the angel react if he saw what they both feared, memories of Castiel’s torture and violations?
"This discussion is not over," Castiel said as Dean sat back down, "but I am willing to change topics."
A spasm of pain rippled down his side and across his back. “Damn it!” He sucked in a sharp breath and froze, waiting for his aching muscles and cracked ribs to adjust. Dean closed his eyes. He deserved this. Hell, he merited much more than this. He hadn’t expected it though.
Questions led to talking, and no matter what the angel believed, Dean knew better. Nothing good came from discussions.
"I ran out of scotch." Crowly held out his hands, palms up as if the gesture explained everything. "I figured Dean must have something
Dean struggled, his eyes locked onto the Impala.
He kept feasting, kissing and suckling until the angel’s body yielded, opening up, welcoming Dean inside. The hunter drove his tongue deep into Castiel reveling in the heat and richer taste. He thrust as deeply as he could, claiming more of the angel.
The angel stared at Dean for a moment. "I am not sure, but we have moved past pretending that we do not have feelings for each other. The demon used those longings and desires against us to leave us only with bitter memories. Maybe moving forward means we stop running from those emotions. Perhaps we start using them to make new memories...better ones."
He waited several seconds for a response. When he didn't get one, he shook his head slightly and then opened the door. He glanced inside, looking for the archangel, and gasped. Stumbling back slightly, he looked around the room. Black archaic symbols were plastered on all four walls from floor to ceiling.
Cas’s narrowed his eyes searching Dean’s green. “What have you done?”
“You’re not a toy.” Chuck smiled sadly.
“I just meant, Castiel,” Dean said slowly as if choosing his words carefully. “I didn’t ask for this or you to be here. I’m not going to lie and say I’m not happy...damned happy you’re alive, but you’re wrong-”
“Castiel and I,” Sam began slowly, “administered the demon cure on Dean, but it wasn’t easy, and our first attempt went horribly wrong. For...for a time we...the demon had us both in the bunker.”
The demon had taken the secret dreams and desires Dean hid and used them to utterly violate Castiel.
There was no sign that the angel heard Sam's impassioned plea, let alone understood it. Tears forming slightly in the corner of his eyes, the hunter nodded.
He wanted to do the one thing Dean couldn’t do, talk.
Castiel stood outside Bobby’s house staring at the back door.  He’d been standing there for three hours, forty-two minutes, and fifty-two point nine seconds. In the span of his existence, it barely registered as any time and all, and yet it was a lifetime. It was an eternity of memories on repeat.
So why was he standing immobile outside Bobby’s house held hostage to his memories? What reason did he have to fear Dean? If anyone should be cowed, unable to take action, it should not be Castiel. He wasn’t a servant to stand outside waiting for his master’s call.
“Yeah, it’s about healing,” Dean snapped, his words were drenched in sarcastic anger. His hands were fists at his side.
Sam sat quietly for a moment, then shook his head. "Lucifer is still out there."
“I never took you for the self-pitying type, Dean,” Chuck replied.
“Dean,” Cas said the hunter’s name softly as if the angel’s voice alone could give the Winchester a buoy to cling to through whatever maelstrom was brewing in his mind.
“I...Cas...it,” Dean seemed to be almost choking on his words even as his skin began to take on the same hue of green as his eyes. “It was mocking the first tim-”
Chuck shuffled to the sink and grabbed a towel. He looked at it briefly, before holding it out toward Dean. “I told you, creation is like a tapestry. It’s woven together by threads of chance and choice. Tell me, Dean, what would have happened if I had cut one of those threads?”
“And where would you have suggested, mother? Mount Everest?” Crowley drolly replied.
“Wha-” Dean tried to ask before his world suddenly lurched again. When it came back into focus he was no longer being restrained by the demon, nor was he on the floor. He was kneeling on something soft but firm. His hands pulled gently on warm, yielding flesh.
To the hunter's credit, he tried to retreat. He apologized and tried to withdraw the question, but Castiel had surged forward.
Sam dared to smile just a little. He unlocked the car and got in. Then he leaned over the seat and unlocked the passenger door.
Sam shook his head. "You know, if you had been a 'joiner' and stayed to help us fight Lucifer, maybe none of this ever would have happened."
The hunter stared at the phone a moment, taking a deep breath. Surrendering Gabriel was not an option. He glanced at Rowena.
“What are you doing?” the angel finally asked, his quick survey complete.
It was in that moment, all the feelings Dean had been all the rivers of denial had overflown their banks. Cas wasn’t just a friend or a brother. The angel was something more.
Why was he alive? Why was he here? Why was Dean here? Castiel glanced at his wings. In some ways, they were the most disturbing of all. While he’d found his grace before he’d died, there hadn’t been much of it left. Reuniting with it had revealed his wings had been little more than bones with tattered feathers.
Castiel stepped back. The color still hadn’t returned to Dean’s face. Perhaps it was time for a break. He gathered his grace and readied to teleport to the far side of the property. He had one final warning to give, “Do not think of trying to withdrawal to the panic room again. I have wedged the door shut.”
Dean tried to shake his head trying to deny both the demon and the memories which were clawing their way out of the darkest corners of his mind. Alistair’s hold was too strong.
He leaned forward, angelic power emanating off of him filling the air in the kitchen with a hint of ozone. “And there is nothing you can do to make me.”
"Well, think about it. The wee... Gabriel's been through years of torture. I know yer too smart to not have thought of this already, Samuel Winchester. This may not be a case of him not being
Even here, Dean couldn’t die right. He tried and failed. He had crawled out of that panic room and Cas had healed him out of some misguided belief that things between them could be fixed.
Sam’s heart was starting to shatter. This couldn’t be the feisty and witty little archangel that was full of tricks. He’d died. Lucifer had killed him, and even if he hadn’t. Gabriel could never be this still, this broken, but the pain in the angel’s eyes was one Sam recognized. He’d seen it in Castiel’s after Sam had carved his initials into the angel’s chest.
Discernment could only be achieved by communication, and discourse could only happen if they confronted each other. Castiel sighed. It was time to stop thinking.
Tears formed in the corner of Castiel’s eyes, he already knew the answer.
“I am offering to heal you, Dean. I'm not likely to do so again,” the angel growled.
Then he’d stumbled into the other room, crashing onto the couch. It smelled musty like old books, oil, and Bobby. Dean turned on his side again. He curled into a fetal position.
one of you would appreciate the corners of this earth I'd send you to."
Still, he could feel the hunter’s soul entreating him in wordless adjuration. It pricked at Castiel’s grace like the edge of a blade. Hunching his shoulders and tilting his head, he snapped his wings open and flew to the basement.
Then with perfunctory conscientiousness, he stripped Dean before redressing him in loose-fitting sleep pants and a t-shirt. Afterward, he eased the hunter under the bedcovers. Once again Castiel pressed his finger to the hunter’s forehead.
“Cas? Wha-?”
"Witty commentary and a sense of style," the demon replied with an easy grin.
It was instinct alone, one born of years listening and obeying that voice that got Dean moving. He used the wall for support and got to his feet and turned around.
Short chapter this time.
The pain blinded the older Winchester to time. He wasn’t sure how long he lay on the couch, cinched into a fetal position with his tendons and ligaments waring with each other to curl him ever tighter.
“What about him?”
Castiel tilted his head. As he listened to Dean, he observed him closely.
"How did you sleep?"
The coffee had been bad, and the talk was worse, but it had opened a door of opportunity. It had given the angel a chance to prove to Dean that they could move forward. They didn’t have to be trapped in the wreckage the demon had made of their relationship and lives.
Sammy had always liked those commercials.
“Well isn’t that what people do on long car drives...if they're not
Castiel knew he could make Dean laugh when no one else could, and Dean could make Castiel see the world new again. The hunter’s soul melded with Castiel’s grace like no other denizen of heaven’s.
Groaning, Castiel forced himself to his feet. His vessel had healed enough to stand. He looked out across the deceptive horizon, one that promised unlimited possibilities but in reality, offered a narrow avenue of existence.
Dean couldn’t pretend the long lingering looks or the urges to touch Castiel, to straighten his tie, grasp his shoulder, and hug him tight were something anything less than a desire for the celestial being. Dean loved him. In all his impudence, Dean Winchester had dared to love an angel of the Lord and because of him that beautiful being who was worth more than a hundred of Dean had died.
Now that I know what I'm without
“Look, we both know talking isn’t my…” Dean groaned and rubbed the back of his neck. “Ganking the monster. Knowing where to point and when to shoot, that’s always been what I’m good at Cas. Sharing...talking...I’d rather take on a group of Leviathans by myself then open up about feelings.”
I'm slowly going back through this story and using Grammarly to beta it. Also, adding tags as I go. Be sure to head them.
“You,” Dean said folding his arms over his chest. “You, be the judge, Cas. If you really think I’m taking advantage of the safeword than you can declare it null and void.”
What had Castiel meant by "custom made heaven?" Was Dean dead then? Had Chuck resurrected the angel from the Void to join him? Sam rubbed a hand down his face and wished for a drink.
The headache from Sam's mild concussion got a little worse. He glanced down and spotted Crowley. The demon was sitting at the big table with his feet propped up on it. He was idly swirling an amber liquid in one of the glass tumblers while he smirked up at Sam and Rowena.
Castiel grabbed Dean’s balls through his jeans and squeezed until the hunter thought he was going to pass out. “Do not call me that!”
Dean gave himself a mental shake and focused on the blue eyes boring into his. “After you die…” He wasn’t going to say the words. He wouldn’t tempt fate.
Dean tried to suck in the air the angel had just knocked out of him. Pain bloomed along his back but he hadn’t felt or heard anything crack.
Hope you enjoy!
Sam hissed as he inadvertently put his right foot down. Pain radiated out from his tightly wrapped ankle and shot up his leg to merge with the pounding headache at the back of his head.
“No, sir, that’s not what I meant.”
Crowley smiled and drained his drink.
“First generation of demons created by Lucifer after Lilith. Generals of his armies. Blah..blah..blah. You know, royal twats,” Crowley sing-songed. “What I do not get is how he’s ruling. He doesn’t have the strength of Azazel or Dagon.”
“Withdrawl, Cas,” Dean explained the grin falling from his face. “I’m in withdrawal.”
“You think so small, Dean.”
Castiel stared a Dean in confusion.
The corner of Crowley’s mouth curled, and he nodded slightly. “Lucifer being out of his cage has created
Raw and unfettered emotions collided inside Castiel creating a primordial burst of energy. A wail of anguish and rage erupted from him in, propelling him as high as the edge of this little world allowed. Castiel rushed blindly toward the border, straining his wings to reach maximum velocity and lift.
you.”
He shook his head and glanced around the room. The sunlight had that mid-morning brightness that meant it was well past dawn. He yawned, stretched his hands above his head, and then stood up. Memories from the night before eased their way forward.
"Why?" Gabriel asked as Sam fished the keys to the cuffs from his pockets.
If the stakes were not so high Castiel might have found it comical, but the venture was quite serious. The demon had weaponized Dean’s secrets and hidden feelings. It had used old wounds and things left unsaid between them as implements of destruction. The angel knew if they were ever to find a way back, to defeat the demon, he would first have to render it defenseless.
He’d been sitting as long as the coffee mug, pouring through any tome that might give him insight as to how to contact Chuck and what the page Crowley found stuffed in his pocket might have meant.
. Dean wasn’t sure what the angel was doing, but he was certain the angel was behind the crackling bursts of light that had gone on many times through the night.
Castiel was not a monster and doing monstrous things would diminish him.
Relief flooded through Dean so fast, and so strong his legs almost gave out, but they didn't. Instead, he took a deep breath and let it out slowly as he nodded before turning around to face the angel again.
He appeared standing in Bobby’s living room with a shift in intent and a flap of his ethereal wings. Dean was hunched over the deceased hunter’s desk. He was pinching the bridge of his nose with his eyes closed as if lost in thought. He looked tired.
Dean began to tremble, and he closed his eyes.
"Crowley." Sam motioned for the demon to move on.
Dean suddenly let out a long groan. Slowly his body began to uncurl. His gaze remained unfocused, and his movements were lethargic and jerky, but eventually, he rolled onto his stomach. Ever so gradually he began to belly crawl toward Cas.
Dean and Castiel cleaned the study in amiable silence. It wasn't the same as in the past. There had been a time when it was common for them to share a unique reticence. They could travel for miles in Baby, never saying a word but still having an entire conversation.
“I don’t regret it,” Dean whispered. “The kiss.”
Dean's chest tightened, and his throat closed as he fought to breathe through the torrent of sense memories his quiet confession had unleashed. Castiel's scream of agony rang in Dean's ears. He clenched his hands into fists, trying to shake the feeling of skin stained with cum under his palms. The smell of fear and sex overwhelmed him, tainting what little oxygen he was able to draw into his constricting lungs.
He turned and looked at her, blinking to clear his vision. He couldn’t see any guile or deceit in her gaze, only curiosity, and concern. He leaned on the table, gathering strength from it, and forced himself to reply. “I...I don’t know. It’s a message...from God...Chuck, I think... Crowley had one too.”
The muscle at the back of Sam’s jaw twitched as he ground his teeth. How many times did he need to rebuff her attempts at conversation? Just because the Scottish witch had manipulated him into bringing her with him didn't mean he had to chat with her.
"Don't!" Sam warned in a low, quiet voice that was edged with a rage that ran cold, not hot. There were things the demon could not joke about, not anymore.
"Uh, that's okay," Sam quickly interrupted. "I was...Uhm..just trying to think of where to begin."
Dean dropped the books on the counter and gripped the edge of the sink. The angel had healed Dean many times in the past, but never as he’d done hours earlier. Unconsciously, Dean slid a hand to his side, resting atop his restored ribs.  Cas had knitted him together alright, and it had
"Technically, I believe you just did." Castiel opened the book, scanning its contents quickly."
“So what,” Sam shook his head slightly, “you’re both here to what...help?”
The archangel shook its head and whimpered.
The hunter crossed his arms. “What about, Mogadishu?”
“You remember,” Castiel smiled coldly.
The angel should have been able to say how long the grand mal lasted but he couldn’t. He had lost track of his internal chronometer as he focused instead on Dean, watching the hunter’s muscles relax and then contract again as the electrical storm swept through his brain.
“Wha...what are you here for?” Dean took a step back. Castiel couldn’t help but wonder if it was a conscious act or a reflex.
Dean opened his eyes. Stumbling he reached for the coffee pot. His hands were shaking again. This time, Dean had made this Castiel. Dean was the one who’d corrupted Castiel.
“If the demon had not defiled me? Raped me?” Castiel pressed his face closer to Dean’s until his lips hovered over the hunter’s left ear. “Broken me?”
Angels didn’t sweat, and yet Castiel’s palms were damp. They didn’t get thirsty, but his mouth was dry. He would fly away, but where was there to go? He was trapped again, pinned against a hood, hanging from a pipe, and encircled by flames.
"A sp-"
The plan was simple. Rowena would open a portal to Hell. Since she could only open one to a place she knew, they’d needed Crowley to get them through the other dimension without being noticed.
He'd raped his best friend, and he'd enjoyed it.
Sam could hear Gabriel start to hyperventilate behind him. He didn't want to admit it, but the demon was right. The angel was in no shape for a fight. While Sam might have Rowena and possibly even Crowley, he didn't have Castiel and Dean. In a lot of ways that counted the most, Sam was alone. Doubt began to creep up the back of his spine.
Cas didn't say anything, which only made the hunter more nervous. He hid it by concentrating on fixing his small breakfast of toast and coffee. It worked for a little while. The simple actions of just doing something rotely familiar were soothing. By the time he carried his coffee mug and a small plate of toast back to the table, he felt a little apprehensive.
Castiel bent over, his palms pressed into the concrete floor. Blue grace blazed forth from his eyes as tears began to slide down his cheek. From one heartbeat of Dean’s to the next,  the angel processed the hunter’s plea.
"Good..thanks," Dean said, forcing a smile as he moved to the counter and started a fresh pot of coffee. As he did, he glanced at the toaster. "Any objections to me making some toast?"
Wearily he forced himself upright. He took a deep breath before rinsing and cleaning out the sink. Then once again, he washed his face. Closing his eyes, he took a deep breath and exhaled slowly.
Alistair laughed but stilled his hand. He brushed his mouth against Dean’s ear. “I’ll make you a deal.”
Panic flooded through Dean as he realized what the demon was preparing to do. Once again the hunter tried rising, only to fall flat on his stomach as his legs cramped. He sobbed,  “Don’t Please...don’t.”
“Or maybe part of a bedtime story,” Rowena said as she extracted a folded sheet from her purse as she finished descending the steps to make her way toward Sam. “I’m not entirely sure which. All I know was I was at this lovely little hotel restaurant ready to literally charm this very wealthy man into paying not only for my drinks but for the penthouse suite, and instead of finding a hex bag in my purse I found this.”
Still, the physical pain wasn’t anything he couldn’t endure. Compared to his time on the rack, it didn’t even rank as a heavy petting session. The mental anguish was a different torment.
Sam twisted around slightly and looked up. He spotted the red-haired witch peering down over him from the hole he’d created in the floor. The air was nearly sparking around her. His stomach clenched for a moment almost expecting to suddenly be wrapped in a weird energy and find himself transformed into a frog. He swallowed and took a breath.
He carefully closed the text, pushed back the chair, and fought back a groan as he stood.
The Empty had been nice. Castiel wiped his cheeks. Finally, he’d found peace but now he was back. He was awake and fully restored.
Asmodeus began to scream as the smoke turned into flame. His body transformed into a pillar of holy fire burning so bright Sam had to avert his eyes. The light and heat still remained a few moments after the demon's cry had faded away.
“I don’t know
Castiel almost stumbled backward. He had not anticipated that response. It did not make sense. There had to be more to Dean Winchester's plan.  “How would I achieve...amity with your death? Or is what you are truly doing trying to escape retribution?”
“Crowley!” Sam yelled. These dogs were his pets. The demon had to be somewhere nearby.
Alistair released the hunter’s chin and slid his hand around the back of Dean’s neck before gliding it up to rest on the back of his head. The demon snaked down his other hand down and wrapped it around Dean’s shaft. “Do you remember our first time, Dean?”
“Help me! Somebody help me!” Dean howled in horror and ecstasy as his orgasm him hit. The world winked out as he was lost in sensation and terror. He was caught in a maelstrom, and there was no way out.
Dean was only aware the battle had stopped when he began to shiver. His body was shuddering so hard his teeth rattled together like a set of maraca rattles from some Carribean street band.
"That makes me necessary." Crowley shrugged. "And even if I wasn't, I'm not your real problem."
It was time for the angel to provide discourse on the topic of the car. It would be a distraction and a delay from him processing this new revelation about the power dynamic between them if nothing else. First, however, he would need to reassure Dean that he was not scared or angry.
Crowley reached across the table and tapped one of the seven typed pages lying on the big table. "God. I had one of these just the same as you and mother dearest."
Gabriel smirked, then grew serious. "So this is how it ended. One moment I'm asleep in the middle of a puppy pile, and the next, I'm bagged with Enochian runes. By the time I came to, they had
It was too late, the demon whistled, and part of the wall faded away. Then, without another word, the demon stepped through the opening into the throne room. Crowley quickly made his way to where Asmodeus had stored his mysterious box of angel grace.
"It said to use one tablespoon for each serving, and since you shouldn't have more than two cups of coffee, I used only two," Castiel explained.
Castiel circled the circumference of the dimension several times, lost in his own circumspection.  He measured the weight of his anger and desire for retribution against any affections or duties that might restrain him, such as Sam. They all seemed so distant and remote, cut off as the angel was. Still, he did give them some thought.
Chuck was his father? Dean had said so, and in the moment Castiel hadn’t questioned him. Even now, he didn’t. It all made sense. Castiel had been rebuilt after Raphael smote him while standing at Ch...his father’s side. Then he’d been restored again in Stull Cemetry after being destroyed by Lucifer before Sam overwhelmed the devil and threw them both into the Cage.
Even from a distance, the angel could see Dean’s nightly dormancy was producing little rest.
help me sleep well at night. ;)
“An edge...of what?” His head was starting to hurt. He really needed that booze.
"Thank you." Dean's words were heavy with gratitude and understanding. Of course, this was only a reprieve, but in light of everything, he couldn't help but feeling Cas was more charitable than the hunter deserved.
Castiel blushed. “As are you, Dean Winchester.”
She smiled at him for a moment then the amusement seemed to bleed from her face as she studied him. “Ya look like hell, Sam,” she said narrowing her eyes. “Have ya gotten any sleep?”
“He had no choice!” Dean cried.
“Better?” Gabriel asked, his voice low.
“You said that before. I am not here for an apology.” Castiel stepped forward.
Bring me to life
“That was an emergency.” Crowley shrugged. “Think of me as your, ‘in case of...break glass.’”
DEAN SAT UP, pulling his thumb and forefinger across his eyes, trying to swipe the last bit of sleep from them. He wasn't sure how long he'd slept, but he knew it had been more than his usual four hours of restless slumber.
“Cas,” Dean whimpered.
His stomach rolled and made a loud burbling sound. Dean couldn't help but chuckle.
Like the others, it was a memory, but it was also an explanation. Gradually, Dean eased himself to his feet. Unlike the other recollections, the ones after Castiel’s plea were hazy and half-formed. Dean simply couldn’t remember much beyond them, but one thing was clear, his angel had needed him and Dean had somehow answered him. He was alive because of Castiel.
Dean closed his eyes. This wasn’t right! This wasn’t fucking fair!
“Dean,” Chuck stood there in his white t-shirt and red hoodie. “Is this really how you want to spend your last-”
Castiel curled his hands into fists readying himself for whatever came next and then swiftly stuttered to a halt. Dean was sitting passively at the table. He was a still and quiet figure. In front of him were a couple of large dusty books. A mustard yellow coffee mug, that had “I’m a fucking ray of sunshine” written across it, was raised halfway to his mouth.
The angel sniffed. Maybe they should stop now. Perhaps it was enough to have a glimpse of what could have been? Even if they managed to move past their trauma and were able to find a way to be together in this pocket universe, would it be worth it?
Rowena arched an eyebrow, fixing her gaze on the demon. It was a silent warning.
The angel looked back across the room. Dean was still curled on his side in the corner; his eyes unfocused locked away in his own private horror.
But you still have all of me
"Please no!" Dean sobbed as he sank to the floor, curling in on himself. His body had remembered what he'd done. The elder Winchester didn't bother to fight back the tears.
“What’s going on?” he growled, casting his eyes around for the demon blade he usually carried.
Dean would never soil the angel again with his filth.
Tremors rippled under his skin as if his flesh were haunted by phantoms pains and ghosts of pleasure. Castiel closed his eyes. He could never be sure what was worse, the searing agony of his flesh being torn, whipped, and burned or the shaking bliss as pleasure was pulled from his body one stroke, touch, and kiss at a time.
Dean snorted as he shoved the last book into place on the shelf. He doubted the angel really knew what he wanted. Less than twenty-four hours ago Cas had pinned him against the kitchen wall forcing the Winchester to ride his leg while the angel worked open Dean’s pants readying to ra-
“Crowley, when I think of you, I always want to break something.”
Normalcy, or something that could pass for it. Dean was going to try and hide behind it even though he knew it was a thin shelter at best.
“DON’T!” Dean begged. He didn’t want this.
“Hey, yeah. Family meeting, I get it,” Dean said, raising his hands and cutting him off. Sure, Chuck was about to pull another absent father routine, but glancing at the restored sun shining brightly overhead, perhaps that was for the best.
The minions were gone, and now the strange demon, Asmodeus, had some sort of injector with a long needle that he was pressing against his neck. Sam frowned. The injector contained a tube of some glowing substance that looked oddly familiar. Asmodeus hissed as he pushed the plunger, injecting the substance into his vein.
“Family. Forgiveness.” Dean looked at the floor.
Once again, Dean could feel his body seizing. He screamed his world whiting out as if his mind and body were some electrical board whose circuits had overloaded. Dean couldn’t think. He couldn’t breathe. Hell, he wasn’t even sure he was alive.
The fault had been on Dean. The older Winchester had never forgiven himself for what had happened, nor would he allow himself to believe he was worthy of the feelings he had for the angel, even if he’d had the courage to act upon them. Hangups and feelings of self-worth aside, memories of the rack had made sure Dean wasn’t that brave.
“The spell,” Sam said, scrambling to get the hoodoo bag in his pocket. He tugged it out. “Rowena!”
He only knew that at some point he’d managed to get to his feet, do up his pants, and find some paper towels. He’d sopped up the mess with Bounty sheets with a fleeting manic laugh.
“Rowena!” Sam snapped his. His head was moving past hurt to throbbing. If he did have a concussion he was going to need to get out of here sooner than later.
"It did...does!" Dean growled. "You died, and it was wrong, Cas!"
That had not been Castiel’s intent. He had simply wished to open a dialog on a topic that would not cause pain for either of them. However, now that Dean asked the question, Castiel found the suggestion had merit.
“And I take it his dead?” Rowena pressed.
“Meaning what?” Despite his fear, the hunter was brave enough to challenge Castiel. He always had been.
The angel’s face was cold and resolute. He was almost a stranger.
"You know, you're lucky I'm low on juice considering what I did to the last guy who locked me up," Gabriel said, jingling the handcuffs, keeping one handcuffed to a pipe in the hotel wall. "You know what I mean, hot stuff?"
The hunter stared at the floor and shook his head. They were a disaster.
I know I kept you waiting, but I tried to give y'all a nice long chapter. :)
At that moment, when they hadn’t let doubt and memories take control, they’d been what they had always been, Dean and Castiel. In some ways, they had always lived in their own little universe when they were together. Even Sam seemed to sense it.
“I think we're just gonna go away for a while and…” Chuck started to say, a bit sheepishly for the Almighty.
Groaning, Dean latched onto the refrigerator and held on to it for support.
His gun was in his hands pointed and ready.
“I don’t bloody know!”
Rowena looked at her son, narrowing her eyes and wrinkling her nose. “What Fergus is trying to say is that, like me, he brings certain skills that can be helpful in deciphering what-”
Maybe it’s because of what had happened with Dean that Sam found the strength to deny the devil. He knew that if he’d let Lucifer in again, Dean and Castiel would suffer.
The angel bristled. He did not need to hear it again.
He deserved that kind of violation and more, but not at the expense of what was left of Cas. Sure, the angel had made mistakes, but he was still the purest reason for hope Dean had for this world. Castiel, not Chuck, had been the only thing, only one, who had ever given the hunter reason to have faith.
“Castiel don-”
The scream should have stopped Dean, but it hadn’t. Instead, it had excited him. It had fueled his lust and Dean had gripped the struggling angel tighter,  forcing himself into Cas’s body, tearing him.
Dean took a step back, bumping into the chair behind him. Once again he raised his hands in surrender. “I get it Cas..stiel. Look, I’m just trying to find us a way ho...out of here.”
"Dean," Castiel said as he tightened his grasp on the hunter's shoulder. It wasn't enough to hurt him but to hold him.
A hand grabbed hold of his elbow, giving him sudden support. He glanced down, surprised to see Rowena.
Without another word, Dean turned and left. He hated to give the Scottish witch credit for anything, but she was right. He, nor his sobriety, were really needed for anything other than to be a delivery system. He was going to be the special surprise at the bottom of Amara’s Cracker Jack box.
Castiel rushed as close to the barrier of the wards as he could. He stood close to the edge; the magic of the wards felt like a static shock along his grace.  “Dean!”
“You know what I didn’t teach you, you son of a bitch?” Dean yelled in a mix of fear, anger, and love. “You pick up that knife, you agree to put someone else on that rack just to stop the pain, then you become the thing that cut into you in the first place!”
Dean knew that voice. It was the stuff of his dreams and nightmares. His heart twisted and his hands shook. He turned.
“Oh, but you did,” the demon said before laying a series of nibbling kisses just under Dean’s ear, punctuating each one with a little more of its tale. “One day after you turned down my deal of picking up the knife I offered you a new one. I gave you a chance to feel something other than pain for a short while. All you had to do was just say, ‘yes.’”
The angel swept his gaze over the hunter. His pulse rate was high, the fine hairs on his arms were raised, and there was a small sheen of sweat on his upper lip. Dean was scared.
Watching a sunrise together would require no conversation nor any physical contact, yet by its very definition, it would necessitate they be present with one another. It was in any other circumstance an inconsequential act, but in their present situation, such a course of action felt monumental.
Tremors began to rock through Asmodeus's body. There was a sizzling sound, and smoke erupted off the demon. The Prince lifted his hands in shock and disbelief before looking back up at Gabriel.
CASTIEL STOOD ON the porch and looked out at the false horizon. He took a deep calming breath. Had he made a mistake? Had it all been a moment of weakness?
That's what the angel had said then, and it was still valid.
Castiel marched forward, stopping at the edge of the table. His blue eyes verging on the edge of blazing with grace. “
Images and moments replayed in the angel’s mind. Dean’s hands shaking. The way he’d been moving before and after Castiel had injured him.
Rowena was politely hiding a snicker behind her hand.
Chuck fixed his gaze on Dean’s, understanding blazing in them. “Earth will be fine. It’s got you...and Sam.”
"What I went through...," Gabriel continued, breathing hard, "...you don't forgive.
Sam shook his head and raised his hands. “No, no, no, no. No second thoughts, I just…just wanna make sure you’re not rushing into this.”
Then Dean let out a laugh dark and bitter like week-old coffee grounds. “Yeah, of course, you do. Don’t you?”
As swiftly as they had manifested, the wings disappeared and the lighting of the room returned to normal. The air still held the faint pungent odor of ozone. “What happened?”
Not willing to prolong this moment anymore, Castiel called upon his grace and flitted away, arriving on the roof near his secret spot. He dropped down to his knees and grabbed a pillow.
“I believe whatever I
Now, I'm bound by the life you left behind
The hunter folded his arms across his chest. Castiel could read the gesture clearly. Dean was getting ready to object.
“I wonder what it is Gabriel sees in you,” Loki said, circling the hunter. “All that attention he paid. That time at the Mystery Spot…the TVLand adventure…hell I half wonder if he got involved with the end of the world because of you.”
Unbeated
John took a step forward and placed a hand on Dean’s shoulder. “Son, it’s my fault. I expected too much from you. Should have left it to somebody else to deal with Sam-”
It had also hosted other times, special ones between him and Dean.  There had been talks, soul-wrenching confessions to sly teasing and open laughter.  Dean had readied Castiel for a date that wasn’t in a moment which had seemed as if the hunter was preparing the angel for himself.
The moments their mouths met, everything Dean thought he understood changed. He'd been waiting his whole life to feel the soft slide of Castiel's lips against his own. They felt so right and so perfect. Dean gasped in surprise and invitation. One that Castiel answered.
So...i did a "second" chapter 13.
“Want, ‘no.’ Need, ‘yes,’” the witch singsonged.
Dean fought against the images flooding his mind.
The angel shook his head and let go of the pillow, and sat up. He wiped his eyes and stared at the horizon. He hadn’t survived the demon just to give up. Maybe he hadn’t asked for this opportunity with Dean, but since he had it, Castiel was going to fight for it.
Still, against his better judgment, Dean started to ask the angel about Lucifer and why he'd agreed to be the Devil's vessel. That's when the hunter realized his mistake.
"Is it helping?" Rowena asked softly as she held out her hand to the angel.
Alistair brushed a soft kiss to the corner of the hunter’s then said, “When have I ever lied to you, boy? You’re special. My star pupil. I taught you everything you know...and look what you did-”
“You got here just in time, things are just getting good,” the demon waggled its eyebrows at Dean then turned to look at something across the room.
Dean fell forward a bit as the strange force which had been holding him mostly immobile dissipated. He shot the witch a dirty look but held his tongue.
“Well, that’s rather cynical,” Rowena said over her shoulder as she continued to move through the waist-high grass toward the blackened bits of wood and metal sticking out of the ground where the house had once been.
"Yeah, well, if you were alive, you could have…."
Rowena rolled her eyes. “Please, I would choose somewhere like Kerguelen Island. Thousands of miles away from anywhere, only accessible by ship for a few days a year, covered by rain, snow, and sleet the rest of the 300 days. Now
The angel moved his hand and stepped back. He watched Dean sleep for a moment. Healing and caring for the hunter had once been commonplace for the angel. It had been almost a devout routine. He’d cherished those moments not just because they were often the most intimate times he’d spent with the hunter, but because Castiel knew Dean rarely trusted or shared such vulnerability with anyone including Sam.
“Sure we do,” Sam said, squeezing Dean’s shoulder. “He thought he was doing the right thing. He believed Lucifer could stop Amara.”
“You did not tell me everything.” The angel’s voice was deceptively soft. It was gentle as if not to frighten Dean, but there was also an edge as if warning him.
The hunter glanced down at where the angel had old of him then looked back to stare into the angel’s eyes. “I don’t think you fear, me, Cas but I do think you get afraid and then you get angry.”
Gabriel opened it and slid into the seat next to Sam. He grinned at the hunter as he shut the door. “So, hot stuff. Any plans? We got some time to kill until I’m charged up enough to go universe hunting.”
He’d gone through everything. How was he going to keep the memories at bay sober? How could he face Cas, without some liquid courage?
“I recall it with perfect clarity,” the demon crooned as it began to slowly jack Dean. “You’d been on the rack over a year. I’d cut into you, peeled the skin off you, in every way
“One of the great mysteries of the universe is why the Winchesters never take an interstate to get anywhere,” Rowena observed with a tilt of her head as she turned from staring out the passenger window to look at Sam. “You lot always travel some road so lacking of anything of interest it’s even too remote for roadkill.”
He took a deep breath and exhaled slowly. Castiel had rebuilt Dean's body and soul when he’d rescued him from hell, the angel could just as easily unmake him. Did he want to was the question? Maybe that was the singular underlying query, past the memories and anger, what did Castiel want?
"Why? Because Lucifer's help failed to stop her or because her smiting my vessel failed to kill him?"
“That paper says Dean’s at Bobby’s. Bobby lived in South Dakota, so yeah, I do. Thanks for your concern, Rowena, but I’m fine.” Shooting Rowena a look Dean would have called “Bitch face twenty-four”, Sam started walking away.
What were his options then, to leave Dean? Should he silently depart and let the human find his peace his own way? Knowing the hunter, Castiel feared he would simply stow all of these memories and torment back into the depths of his psyche to be left to fester again. If Castiel left Dean now, he was certain the arduous steps taken today would lead to nowhere.
Dean leaned his forehead against the freezer door. He could hear the staccato drip of the coffee and smell the cheap roast of Eight O’Clock coffee.
Cupping his hand, he caught some water to rinse his face. Then he leaned far forward just enough to get his mouth under the faucet so he could rinse the sick out. He slurped a mouth full, swished it around, and spat it out. Then he leaned back and turned off the tap.
“Yeah? And what about, Cas? What did those choices get him?”
The demon sighed and read a little bit less enthusiastically, "Okay, so Gabriel was captured, delivered to Asmodeus. 'For years, I knew nothing but endless torture. Asmodeus, once the weakest of Hell's princes, grew strong by feeding on my grace."
"Cas!" Dean stumbled back as if propelled by the force of his disbelief. "I...how could you not?"
“Show me your eyes!” Castiel demanded as he shook the hunter.
"Forgive me, but I was a little distracted by you double-crossing us and stealing the First Blade," Sam seethed.
Dean had promised Sam he would live because that’s what Cas had wanted. When the angel was dead, Dean had felt no obligation to keep that promise. Yet, now Cas was back and Dean was bound by it again.
Other memories threatened to overwhelm Dean, more intimate recollections of damning touches. They would ruin a restored Castiel.
“Discernment.”
Before I come undone
He rolled to a crouch and looked around, but couldn’t see anything.
Bring me to life
"I want to prove to you that we can do this."
Castiel cried, “Dean!”
Only then did he let the tears fall, soaking the cushion underneath his head. He missed Bobby. He missed Sam. Hell, he missed his old man. He was so tired.
(note for author: reviewed with Grammarly)
So, a few things. Lucifer! Bet you didn't see that flashback coming...or maybe you did.  How about Sam stomping after the runaway Gabriel?
"Mmm," Sam wasn't going to argue with Gabriel. What was done was done.
“Confusing ain’t it?” the demon laughed. “Hallucinations are such a bitch. I’m here holding on to you, but I’m also over there about to eat out our angel until he’s begging for us-.”
For a moment, Sam was a little unsure what to say or do next. Gabriel was going to help, and Sam had hope, real hope he could get his family back. He turned in his seat and started the car.
Dean straightened. “It sure feels real enough.”
“I wasn’t going to say a thing,” the demon said as it let the door to the cage fall shut. He picked up the box with grace and headed back toward the tunnel. “I figure you’ll tell us where you’re registered when you’re both ready.”
to obliterate the demon from existence the way he had Alistair. The hunter wanted nothing left of the demon but a suit soaked red with its blood. He
Dean opened his eyes and looked at Castiel. “I can’t let you-”
“We've been watching you, Sam.” The woman cut him off. “What you've done, the damage you've caused—archangels, Leviathans, the Darkness, and now, well— the old men have decided enough's enough. I mean, let's face it, Sam. You're just a jumped-up hunter playing with things you don't understand and doing more harm than good. Now, where's Dean?”
“What? Let things get out of control?” Castiel asked, tightening his grip slightly around Dean’s waist. “I’m not sure you were in control, to begin with.”
Sam did not want to waste any more time. He had to know one way or another if Dean was at Bobby’s. “If you insist on helping, you could just..I don’t know, teleport us there,” Sam said glowering at Crowley.
"Cas, no! It matters because….!" The hunter couldn't say it, afraid that if he did, then it would be real again. He'd see Castiel's lifeless body lying at his feet. Dean forced the image away and continued, "...because it was you."
Dean sucked in a breath, fire blood across his sternum where Alistair touched him. The hunter focused on the pain, clinging to it like a shield.
There wasn’t anybody left to help him.
The angel furrowed his brow a moment, then stepped back, returning to his seat at the table. He pointed a finger at Dean's vacated seat. The message was clear.
The hunter's first instinct was to panic. He couldn't. He was long past the fact it was because Cas was a dude. It's because Dean wasn't worth it. He'd already damaged the angel enough.
Loki shrugged and sucker-punched the hunter.
The demon paused again and looked toward Gabriel before resuming, "I moved to Monte Carlo and shacked up with porn stars."
Had he changed his mind? Were the pangs and tortures of withdrawal too much? Did he seek to be restored after all?
Dean returned the studied gaze with an open one. His grin fading into a soft and hesitant smile, a silent entreaty for Castiel to believe him.
“You what? Ach!” There was an edge to Rowena’s voice, like the crackle in the air just before a storm blew through.
Yet, if the last few months had taught him anything, it was that it was the little lies they told each other that ended up hurting them the worst. He looked at Castiel, "Cas, honestly? It's probably the worst cup of coffee I've ever had...but also the best."
“I recall what it said, Dean. However, I do not believe it felt the need to assault me over the Impala because of ‘tradition.’ It wasn’t because you had ‘fucked’ Anna in Baby. The demon was very deliberate in everything it did. I need to understand its motives, and only you can help me with that.”
He bent over and nearly retched. They were standing in a hall, presumably one in Hell.
Sam shook his head pushing back on the memories of Lucifer in Castiel’s body roaming the bunker. Dean had been nearly insensible with booze and self-hatred. It didn’t help that Lucifer had needled him every chance he’d had.
“Rowena! How-” Sam snapped, the pain of the memories choking him into silence.
He scanned the lines.
It wanted to destroy Castiel’s devotion to Dean, break their bond. It had used everything between them, good and bad, toward that end. Castiel shook, helpless to remember as he lay healing on the ground.
The younger Winchester quickly turned to toward the witch’s cry. She and Crowley were sitting at the far end of the table each a with a glass tumbler filled with a pale amber liquor in front of them and a bottle of scotch to the side.
“Please, just get the rope.”
like until Amara had killed the angel. Then Dean had known an ache that went deeper than anything thing he’d ever known.
The angel searched the Winchester for any deception and could not find any. Maybe he was deceiving himself, desperate to have hope again in the bond between he and Dean.
She had a  little vial of blue powder in one hand and the residue of it in the palm of her other.  Shrugging her shoulders she shouted, “Et tu dormies.”
He had to make the angel see this wasn’t the way.
Castiel had wanted to rend the heavens. The demon had used both of their secret desires. It corrupted them, forcing the angel into demented parodies of what could have been. It had left scars on them both.
"Can you repair it?"
"Talk to me, Dean," the angel softly commanded. "Help me to understand-"
his bloodlust?" The demon snapped back.
Sam pivoted the best he could and used his superior height to throw the demon over the table in the main room. Books scattered as the demon slid across the top. Before he had a chance to get up, the hunter drove the demon blade deep into its chest. Unholy light burst from its eyes and mouth as it died.
The witch scampered close.
Then once again the panic room had filled with the hunter’s anguished cry that was both from soul and body, “Help me! Somebody help me!”
“A game?” Sam asked a pricking sensation developing at the back of his neck.
“I would not object to that proposal,” Castiel replied, keeping his voice neutral and his eye on the horizon.
There was another pause then the hunter whispered an answer. It was one word and for Castiel felt something for Dean he hadn’t felt in months; fear.
"So you wanted out," Sam said.
"A cosmic force is like an elemental part of the fabric of the universe," Rowena interjected. "Like Chuck, Amara, Death-"
“So he sent Fergus with a warning for you?” Rowena suddenly looks around. “Where is the little bastard anyway?”
"I need a new suit and a bottle of Lagavulin," Crowley chirped before dropping another book on the table.
“That hurt, you know,” Alistair said resuming he’s slow and steady strokes against Dean’s growing length. “I was giving you my sole attention and doing some of my best work. I felt unappreciated.”
“When the demon raped me, shoved its way inside of me over the back of the Impala, it hurt,” Castiel said, providing more context.
That had been in the early stages of the demon’s progressive acts of torture and degradation designed to break the angel.
There were times in Sam's life he didn't want to think about and some he just couldn't. What had happened to him in the Cage qualified as both. There's only so much one can endure, and if there's no physical way to escape the pain….
There had been too many nights Dean had woken with the wet feel of his spunk cooling against his skin and the taste of Castiel on his lips. Those had been the nights he’d needed to drink until he’d blackout just to function.
Sam took a breath and pointed at himself. "Me either. And just like you, I got out. Or I...I
“Still waiting to see what Moose here had for lunch.” Crowley smiled, watching Sam.
“You scratched my back. I scratch yours. Besides, I don’t have anything else to do,” Loki said as he moved toward the passenger car. “And, if we are being perfectly honest…tricks are for kids.”
From the Latin “servitium,” equivalent to “servus.”
“A pissant wannabe,” replied Crowley. “A Prince of Hell but only because he’s a nobbing arse-licker.”
“NO!” Castiel could clearly see the denial, the shock, and revulsion reverberate through Dean. “But it doesn’t change the fact that I did both those things.”
The memory of his first rape surged forward and with it came the abortive prayer he’d almost made. He had been afraid Dean would remember what the demon had done, and it had shaken him.
When you'd scream, I'd fight away all of your fears
“Look at that, Cas. Mention Samantha and suddenly, Deano’s on his feet.” The demon pumped the angel’s engorged cock. “Don’t worry, baby. I still love you.”
have no power over me, Dean. That includes telling me ‘no’ or that I am ‘wrong.’ My father may have created a custom made heaven just for you, and my aunt may have given you an angel to serve in it,  but I will not bow to their will or yours.”
He grabbed the slices of bacon he’d left cooling on a paper towel and nearly retched. The smell and slick slide of bacon grease on his fingers brought back too much sensory memory. He’d avoided bacon, hell most pork products, since becoming human again.
The Winchester brother opened his mouth as if to respond, then shook his head. Pursing his lips, he resumed his chore, grabbing a cracked blue dustpan. Bending down, he used the broom to sweep up a small pile of dirt into the cracked receptacle.
Chuck held up his hands. “You are more than that, you’re a part of the tapestry of creation, Dean. An important part.”
However, that was then and this was now. That was before Dean had given the angel reason to hate him. Castiel had plenty of reasons to take Dean apart.
“You selfish bastard,” Dean growled under his breath as he slammed a book into place. He had a habit of using self-sacrifice as a way to avoid the really hard stuff, like being vulnerable and facing his emotions.
His whole body began to shake and tremble when a figure came into sight.  It was a tall, pale man with thinning blonde hair and a groomed beard and mustache outlining full sickly pink lips. His eyes were round and brown sunken beneath a pronounced forehead giving them a fixed shadow.  He was well dressed in a light blue business shirt tucked into a pair of loose-fitting navy blue slacks which somehow made him unassuming and menacing.
Suddenly there was the loud clang of the bunker door being thrown open. Sam jumped, scrambling for his gun. His reflexes were sluggish but still faster than what it had taken to put down more than one monster. He edged his way toward the stairs, his gun raised, and sweat beading his upper lip.
Dean grasped at him. “Wait!”
Sam's hand shook slightly as he put the paper down. He could practically feel the angel's anger bleeding through the page, and it sent a chill through him as cold as any Dakota winter wind.
“No!”  Dean grabbed the back of his neck in frustration. He wasn’t sure what he was saying or how to explain it. Hell, he didn’t want to be talking about any of this at all.
Slowly he exhaled as he uncurled his fingers. His hand was steady.
Crowley took a deep breath. He leaned across the table on his elbows and folding his hands. "You need something powerful to create pocket dimension and something equally powerful to
"So...a god then," Sam said. "We've faced them before."
“Dean!” Castiel barked.
Sam and Dean had never really had a home growing up. They never really had rooms to call their own. So when they'd taken up residency in the bunker, claiming space for themselves had been something new and personal. Their rooms had become sacred sanctuaries.
Hope you enjoyed the twist!
“Look at the choices you made to get here, Dean,” Chuck said quietly. “Amara is free because you chose to reap Death instead of Sam to get rid of Mark of Cain. You took the Mark to kill Abbadon. You needed to kill Abbadon to stop her from taking over Hell after-”
Dean's dreams were clearly the subject they were both avoiding and yet both needing to address. The hunter knew he owed Castiel an explanation, but he didn't have one other than that Dean was a sick freak.
Sam didn't think it was possible. The angel's eyes glowed brighter, they shined almost too brilliant to look upon. The hunter's eyes widened as vast evanescent wings, larger than any he had seen before, appeared behind the angel.
Glaring at the wards holding him back, Castiel tried again. “Dean! Whatever you believe you are seeing is not real. You are safe. Open your eyes.”
Inspired in part by My Immortal by Evanescence. When I first started toying with writing this I began to look for a title and a line from this song came to mind. I hadn't listened to it for a long time, and as I did the words made me think of the ups and downs we've seen between Dean and Cas. The more I listened, the more this story evolved. I always knew it would be told in two parts. Bound By The Life Left Behind was the perfect fit for the first part and Captivated By Your Resonating Light became the obvious choice for the second part.
made clear the distinction between it and Dean.
"Fergus." Rowena cautioned her voice was absent the normal bite she used when addressing her hellish son as she made her way to Sam's side.
Castiel was looking into Dean’s green eyes not the demon’s black ones and the angel’s fears began to recede assuaged by the cool verdant hue that was unique to the hunter.
Only silence answered Sam.
Dean paled, and his shoulders fell. “I’m sorr-”
“I don’t want your apologies!” Castiel snarled in reply, anger suddenly giving him freedom. “Do you hear me, Dean Winchester?”
“That never mattered to him before.” Loki continued his calm advance toward the hunter. “Gabriel had to be punished. Odin was a salty disagreeable old bastard and the truth is he despised me but he was my father… I’m sure you can relate, Sam.”
When they were done with their preparations, they regrouped in Gabriel's room. The archangel was rubbing his temples and trying to calm his breathing.
"Dean," the angel tried again. "What I saw, is that what you dream about every night?"
Though, the angel couldn’t help but wonder if Dean would give it if asked. Earlier, when they had discussed his dreams, he’d made it clear he didn’t want the angel to see them. Did his compliance to Castiel’s will extend that far? Would he consent to the angel’s invasion of the vagaries of his unconscious mind?
The demon paused for a moment. The room was quiet except for Castiel’s soft moans.
Dean moved without thinking, charging Chuck and backing up into the wall. “Don’t you say it. Don’t you fucking say it.”
And if you have to leave
Crowley looked at the calendar on his phone and drolly asked, "Should I expect a May or June ceremony?"
The angel slid his mouth over slightly and bit at the juncture of Dean’s neck and shoulder.
“Whatever I choose,” the angel replied. “Don’t you think I’ve earned the right to decide?”
“I’m so disappointed in you, boy. I thought you were smarter than this,” John Winchester said crouching down and grabbing the back of Dean’s head. “We’re already there.”
Their eyes met, and Dean could see he'd read the situation correctly. Castiel was searching them, looking for any signs of deceit or the demon. After a few moments, he seemed to relax, and his smile returned, more beautiful than before.
Had he bitten his lip? A part of Castiel was quickly evaluating Dean’s peril while another part of him was still trying to process the Winchester’s cries.
“Dean-” Castiel’s tone was calm and measured. One the hunter had heard many times when the angel was trying to explain something to Dean the hunter didn’t want to understand.
“Do it again?” Castiel nodded. “I would like that very much.”
Dean drove an elbow into the demon with little effect. “Cas doesn’t want to be raped!”
Castiel narrowed his eyes. "I do not understand."
me to Asmodeus."
"What?" Gabriel asked.
or power you think you’ll get out of this, it’s not happening. The
He had to because he couldn’t go back to living in anger. He couldn’t go back to hating Dean when he’d had a glimpse of what loving him would be like.
"Hello? Lucifer. I know you were kinda going through some things, Sambo, but in case you don't remember, there was an apocalypse brewing at the time."
Dean turned around again, unable to bear to see the combination of haunted concern on Cas’s face.  His voice was hollow. “Just what I said. After over a year on the rack, he gave me a chance to feel something other than pain, a small reprieve, all I had to do was say, ‘yes.’”
"Before or after he smites us?" Rowena asks dryly.
“Cas?”
"Cas…?" Dean shook his head. "You wanted to comfort me? After what I just admitted?"
Castiel's coerced words resonated not just through his memory but through his very being. He stood up abruptly and backed away from the table, toppling the chair behind him. It crashed to the floor with a loud clatter that neither the angel nor the hunter seemed to notice.
Sighing he lifted his head and stared in the mirror. His face gazed back at him. Dean hated looking at his reflection. He was afraid of what he might see.
"You'll have to forgive, Gigantor here," Crowley said, "bright lights and loud sounds startle him."
Dean locked his green eyes on the statuesque black woman. Stunningly beautiful, and boldly confident, she had a presence that commanded attention even if she hadn’t been a harbinger of death.
"Yeah," Sam said, his eyes full of hope. Finally, finally, it looked like they might be able to bring Cas and Dean home. "Welcome to the team."
“What is it? A contract?” Sam asked glancing at the British woman before taking the parchment from Crowley’s hand. If she’d made a deal, there wasn’t much he could do to help her.
Snarling he looked around. He’d begun to have an idea of what this place was but he wasn’t certain. For that, he’d need to talk to Dean.
you!"
After everything that had happened, was Chuck really abandoning them again? “What about Earth?”
"And what if it was?" Castiel retorted, his eyes glowing slightly. "What if I did just 'wake up one morning' and want that, Dean? Why does it matter? Does my vessel disgust you now that it's hosted, my brother?"
Alistair pressed closer to the hunter, their bodies nearly touching. The demon leaned in; its mouth hovered a whisper away from Dean’s. “I buried myself so deep inside you, so many times, I’m a part of you. You can’t kill me.”
stuff,” he replied, “we’re going back to the bunker to regroup with Rowena and Crowley.”
Yep, Sam had regrets.
Sam knew the truth. Sure, the angel may also have believed that Lucifer might really have been an option to fight Amara, but deep down Sam knew that wasn’t the real reason.
An eon past in the brief moment Castiel took to drink in the sight of his friend. It was as if he hadn’t seen him, really seen him, in months. Now that he had his heart twisted and he realized how much he missed Dean.
The angel was demanding answers, and the hunter had pledged to talk. It was the deal.
"Sa- Oh!" The witch said as she stepped into the room, her slim frame sidling next to him. "Wot's this now?"
could imagine. It was exquisite, really. Every day, you refused my offer to pick up the knife.”
Agony lanced through the hunter’s left ankle as he landed on his feet in what was left of Bobby’s basement. He screamed again and promptly collapsed, his injured foot refusing to support him. Another burst of pain shot through his head as his forehead bounced off cracked concrete and broken blanks.
“A message?” Sam lowered the gun a fraction.
Sam and Rowena silently followed.
Then Dean asked quietly, “Do you think we can…you know…?”
The only way the demon had any power is if Castiel gave it to him. The demon had taunted that Dean wouldn’t want to come back after what it had done. The demon had promised Dean would also hate Castiel for giving in to it.
Maybe, Castiel could never think it or admit it, but deep down he’d always believed Dean would forgive him for the things the angel had done to save him. The hunter would forgive Castiel for his weakness, but Dean hadn’t.
"That makes you a messenger, no-"
To his credit, Dean flinched, but he did not retreat. Instead, he stood and faced Castiel’s wrath and insistent questions. Then he surrendered.
“You are not broken!” Dean tried again to shove at Castiel. He refused to believe, to concede that his angel, his friend was destroyed. Damaged? Hurt? Yes, but not twisted and fractured into someone Dean didn’t recognize.
Sam followed. It was almost anti-climatic walking into the hotel room. The desk clerk, who looked like he could have been the crypt keeper’s cousin, didn’t look up from the newspaper’s sports section as they made their way through the empty lobby.
His body shook again. He wiped his hand slowly down his face. Or maybe, just maybe,  he should let this go. Perhaps he was reading far more into the page Chuck had slipped to Crowley than what was there. It was conceivable that he was just looking for a mystery, some puzzle to solve.
(See the end of the chapter for
Rowena tapped the side of her nose and the song cut out. “Learned that trick from watching Bewitched. Now, quit avoiding the question before I show you what I learned from watching Buffy.”
Castiel had come busting into Hell with Dean, the first time he’d seen them together since the day they’d defeated the demon. Together they’d charged and fought Lucifer.
Dean stepped out from behind the desk. He began shaking his head.
Wake me up inside
Castiel tilted his head to the side, the way he does when he is trying to comprehend something. Then he trembled slightly, and the blue light fades from his eyes before he nodded. “It is easier to feel the anger than to deal with the underlying trauma.”
He grabbed and opened the loaf of bread. He popped two slices into Bobby's battered stainless steel toaster that somehow had acquired a decade worth of inky black splotches down its sides. "Wasn't sure what was on the agenda today."
"Did someone forget their safeword?" A smooth, cultured voice oozed from below.
“Rather get off on you,” John Winchester laughed before sucker punching his son.
“Just…can we just…for a minute?” Dean asked.
And I held your hand through all of these years
“They’re called nightmares!” Dean screamed as he began crawling on his stomach toward the demon desperate to stop it.
. It didn’t make sense. Bobby’s was long gone. Was Chuck trying to let Sam know that Dean was in heaven? Was the Almighty trying to let Sam know he’d vetoed Billy? Had the Winchester’s earned one more pass?
Dean jerked and screamed, using all his strength to try and break free from Castiel’s grip. It was useless. What was a human’s strength against the might of heaven?
Sam couldn't help but glance at the who was still huddling in the corner. Gabriel was quiet as the demon continued reading.
You used to captivate me by your resonating light
Sam’s vision blurred. His eyes were tired from driving through the night non-stop, but that’s not why the world began to swim in front of him. The younger Winchester looked around seeing nothing but burned out remains being slowly claimed by South Dakota prairie grass.
All of a sudden, the elevator lurched to a halt. The light above the doors lit up the number six, and the doors ground opened.
Dean was conscious, but he didn't want to be. He lay back and kept his eyes closed, poised between being fully awake or falling back asleep. Neither option was a good one.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes...no.” Crowley shook his head. “He’s of the same generation, but he doesn’t have the juice...or at least he didn’t...to rule Hell. He’s the bloody runt of the litter. Meg could have taken him while strapped to Alistair’s favorite table.”
“DON’T!” Dean had screamed, curling himself tighter in a ball.
Rowena shrugged and put the pill back in her purse. She looked at Crowley. “Well, I did my part. Fergus?”
Sam looked for an excuse, a reason, a deflection, or anything to use as a shield of denial against the witch's pointed logic. He couldn’t find one. He was defenseless. Tears formed in the corner of his eyes as he realized Rowena was right and with that clarity came and an answer to her question.
“Retribution or revenge, Castiel?” Dean asked.
I'm going to need a long nap now. Please, if you like, leave
“Don’t Please...don’t,” Dean sobbed body and soul.
Sam moved as quickly as he could but as he got close he realized the body was dressed in a pin-striped suit.
The world abruptly lurched into focus twisting Dean’s gut. He curled on himself,   clutching his stomach as he dry heaved.
The hunter moaned, and his fingers dug into Castiel’s scalp.
My goal is to keep plugging away.
The sound wrenched Castiel back into the present. Dean wasn’t behind and on top of him. The hunter was in front of the angel. Instead of a demon completely in command and in control of Castiel, there was Dean beating the back of the Impala as if it were another monster to be put down.
“You’re omniscient, cosmically aware. At any point you’ve could have saved Cas. You could have yanked him out of Lucifer when we first rescued that sarcastic shit from your sister. Hell, you could have stepped into the Cage and kept him from saying ‘yes’ in the first place!” Dean slammed his beer on the counter sending a spray jutting out the neck and over his hand.
Dean tried to get to his feet.
“CAS!”
CASTIEL FLEW AS high as the boundary of their micro-universe would allow. He slammed against the edge of reality, barreling into it with his shoulder. He was not a laurel or an inducement to be awarded for good service.
Dean's eyes widened. How-
“No?” The angel snapped, turning swiftly to face Dean again. “You do not get to use that word with me.”
the demon even though the angel had survived its brutal treatment by reminding himself that wasn’t the case.
“Look over my shoulder,” Alistair whispered.
it was. “She said, ‘You gave me something I needed most. I want to do the same for you.’”
"What?" Sam peered down at Rowena.
All Dean saw were patient blue eyes staring back at him. Castiel's thoughts and motives were inscrutable. The slight tilt of the angel's head was the only "tell" Dean could read. It meant Castiel was waiting.
The archangel let out a sound of anguish and huddled in the far corner of his prison.
Gabriel screamed and struggled.
My spirit's sleeping somewhere cold
The distinction between past and present blurred and all the control the angel had felt seemed to dissipate.  He’d been foolish to believe he’d ever had any. It had all been an illusion.
“Get off me!” Dean yelled as loud as his throat would allow. His heart beat erratically. No, he couldn’t do this again.
He’d also never been able to tell Cas how he’d felt, how much...
"Such warm motherly love," Crowley shot Sam a pointed look. "And you wonder why I'm a demon."
Okay...new chapter.  Been bouncing back and forth between some projects but managed to get one out this weekend. Kudos and Comments are always welcome. They feed the muse.
Dean glowered at the other man. “What does that mean?”
“I think maybe we need a break,” he said, starting to loosen his hold.
The angel growled, “Dean made his choice.”
“You’re dead?” Sam asked hopefully.
with Dean?
The demon used its other hand to lift Castiel’s head. The angel's eyes were glazed from pain and unfocused. “Yes, Cas, look at him! This is your Righteous Man? This is who you rebelled against heaven for? He’s a worm, Castiel. He’s weak. Where is he in your time of need? On the floor, sniveling and mewling.”
The hunter let out an excruciating moan and stared sorrowfully at the angel. He'd failed Gabriel.
are like flowers!
“I didn’t say it wasn’t real. I said it didn’t exist. Not in any normal sense of human understanding.”
He had to remember something. Dean concentrated, trying to draw forth memories by sheer force of will, as we dressed.
Tugging gently on Dean's arm, the angel pulled the hunter to his feet. It was easy enough. The lack of effort once again reminded Castiel that he had all the power here. He was a seraph again, with all his grace fully restored.
Yet, all Dean could see was Castiel’s lifeless body on the floor of the power plant. He’d never been able to tell the angel how sorry he was.
The prayer pierced him like an angel blade dropping Castiel to his knees. He had stopped listening to Dean’s prayers long before the hunter had stopped making them. Yet, now Dean was crying out to Castiel with a level of anguish the angel hadn’t felt since Sam Winchester had become Lucifer’s vessel.
No longer did he associate that with Ruby or the Apocalypse. Now, it was forever paired with the taste of Dean’s skin and the sight of Castiel’s blood as Sam carved his initials into the angel’s chest.
"I withdraw the questions," Castiel finally said. His voice was absent its earlier edge. "For now."
How can you see into my eyes like open doors?
Sam rubbed his chest and looked around.
Dean gave a shrug. “Me. We knew she’d let me close, because of our so-called ‘bond.’ So, Team Last Ditch Effort armed me up and…”
Sorry, it took so long. this chapter just kept getting me stuck. I kept. I meant to edit and replace the previous chap 13 with this text but then I realized if I did that those of you who are following this might not get an update.
Call my name and save me from the dark
(See the end of the chapter for
The angel let the threat hang in the air.
Castiel cocked an eyebrow in puzzlement.
“All those deaths. All the sins Sam committed were they on him or me?”
“Tricksters are supposed to humble the haughty.” Loki smashed his foot into Sam’s jaw, knocking the hunter onto his side. “But you aren’t all that arrogant, are you, Sam? You’re pretty modest and unassuming. Quite the opposite of Gabriel, in fact. Maybe that’s it? You’re the yang to his yin.”
The orange juice was burning in Dean's stomach, and he felt like the air was getting thin. Still, he managed to whisper, "Why?"
“If I have lost the light and warmth of adoration, why should I not then burn with the fire of enmity? Who is here to judge me?” Castiel looked up as if challenging something beyond the sky for an answer.
Those quiet reveries had been one more thing the demon had shattered between Dean and Castiel. When the rage, fear, and guilt were so great that they could not even look upon each other, how could they ever achieve a friendly peace with one another?
"Oh, I'm sorry, should I have waited for you to convince your brother to kill me
Dean hung in the angel’s grasp, staring into his blue eyes which burned blue in righteous fury.  “B..Bobby’s?”
“Is that your only response?” Castiel raised an eyebrow.
“You were there too, weren’t you?” Rowena asked.
“You don’t have to,” Dean said hurriedly.
you know and you don’t do a damn thing about it. You just sit back and let others do all the suffering and dying to fix the messes while you run off and do what? Play skeet ball? Write books? Go to conventions?”
Sometimes Winchester denial was a good thing.
away in his nest somewhere. When I looked, I found this."
Another door squeaked open behind Sam. He heard Rowena step out of the car. She was silent for a moment as if she too were studying the landscape around her.
"I endeavored to assist you," Castiel replied, narrowing his eyes.
"Too bad they're on the extinction list," Crowley said, picking up his glass of scotch.
Dean wasn’t seeking absolution or forgiveness from Castiel. This suffering wasn’t about retribution for the angel. Not only didn’t the hunter have the right to claim these things on behalf of the angel, but he also didn’t have the awareness either.
"Cas…" Dean tried to speak, but he just couldn't form the words. It was one thing to remember or dream about what he had done to the angel over the Impala. It was something else altogether to say it. "You...you were there. You know."
"Why?" Dean searched the angel's face. "Why put yourself through this?"
Dean's stomach rebelled again, this time with trepidation. Even if he'd had an entire galaxy in which he could run and hide, it wouldn't matter. Castiel wasn't going to let him go.
The hunter shook his head. "Right, so what does it say?"
Ad Infernum - To hell!
“Evil Willow,” Rowena prompted. “The second greatest ginger witch.”
(See the end of the chapter for
"We found one too," Rowena said, sitting down in another chair. "It didna offer is any more clues about where they are but...things are not-"
The woman came into view. There was no mistaking the long tresses that fell down her back and shoulders, the color of embers from a funeral pyre, or the arched brow that was as pointed as any dagger.
Yet, the demon had been the corrupted version of Dean. So, ironically the one person he would turn to for help is the one person he…. Castiel shook his head. What were his feelings toward the hunter? Why couldn’t he talk to Sam?
“Well, Dean,” John said stepping closer until his body was nearly pressing into his son’s. “Give me another option.”
Dean swallowed back a sharp taste of fear. This was a more powerful Castiel than he’d first met, the one who’d pulled him from perdition and threatened to throw back into it.
about you taking control from me again!” Castiel barked in righteous fury as his suspicions were confirmed. Once again Dean sought to control the angel.
Castiel nodded.
He shook his head. He couldn’t face her. That would require speaking and he had no words other than his brother’s name.
Dean took a deep shuddering breath. His face felt wet with tears, and his body felt shaky.  He was wrung out.
The words sliced the hunter past his fear and his anger into his soul. It hurt, but it was a pain he welcomed. He could impale himself on the impossibility of it, him and Cas' buddies' again.
Rowena pursed her lips and nodded before retreating from the room.
He knew the hunter. Dean would be overwhelmed by his own memories. He’d recall wanting Castiel and taking him. Dean would be filled with regret and revulsion. Would the hunter go forward from this, or would he retreat? Would he be willing to try again?
He sat stonily in the front seat, his hands gripping the steering wheel while glancing back between the speedometer and the road. His lips were pursed into a thin line as kept recalculating speed versus distance for an estimated arrival time at what was left of Bobby’s. No matter how he crunched the numbers, the outcome was the same. He still had too far to go, and it was taking too long to get there.
Castiel stepped closer to Dean, their bodies practically touching. “I brought him back from hell without a soul. I left him that way so I could further my own agenda, betraying you and him.”
For a moment, anger had flared in the angel as he remembered why he’d no longer play sacrifice for Dean Winchester. Memories of torture and degradation had refueled Castiel’s outrage. He’d stood resolute and determined to no longer be moved by Dean’s supplications and outcries.
