“Oh, well, that’s, I mean, he’s paid, so-wait. What?” Tony asked, blinking up at Steve in confusion.
The room was quiet without Cam’s boisterousness or the telltale clangs of Tony working in his shop.  It was too early for a fire in the hearth, and the guards were stationed outside since Tony was not there, leaving Steve to a rare moment of total privacy.  He took off the robe and undid the chain around his waist, dropping both onto a nearby chair.  Cam or one of the servants would pick them up tomorrow.   He wondered when he had gotten so used to that.
He was too wound up from the dreams, the voice in his head, and the night-walking, letting his mind wander far afield, when he needed to focus on what, if anything, was here that might offer him any answers. That was all.  No wonder he was unsettled.  Even one of those was enough to unsettle even the most stalwart soul.  He grimaced and shook his head again, where it almost seemed like some of the fog had leached into his mind, tinging everything with a sort of murky thickness that made thinking clearly something of a challenge.
“Right,” Steve nodded.  They stared at each other for a moment, and then Tony’s face slipped into a practiced grin that didn’t quite seem to want to stay on his face.
“Are you sure?” Tony pressed.
. Plain vanilla Steve Rogers. Perfectly good, nothing wrong with that, very dependable and all.  Steve was the kind of guy who would kick your tires to see if they had enough air and check for slippery patches of ice on the walkway before you left for class so he could melt them down and warm up your coffee cup with hot water so it kept the coffee hot.  Conscientious.  Helpful. Thoughtful.  But, not what Tony Stark wanted.  Needed.
“Forget it.  Forget it,” Howard said, shaking his head.  “It’s Christmas, right?  Tony, what do you say to your Uncle?” Howard prompted.
Yet, it was the robot Steve chose to give him.
“Yes,” Tony replied, drawing out the word.  “I think we can both acknowledge that I expressed a certain interest in showing my deep and abiding love for God and country—“
“Don’t know about the hair braiding, at least not without Thor, but I might take you up on the ice cream,” Steve replied, not for the first time glad to have Sam as a friend.
“Rhodey has a point,” Pepper added.  “You do get yourself into some situations, Tony.”
“Sure, Tony.  That’s…sure,” Steve finally managed, though it sounded strained to Tony’s ears.  Steve had his arms crossed over his chest, using his hands to rub up and down, seemingly not even aware of the motion.  “We can do that.”  It wasn’t hard to tell which of them Steve was trying to convince.  The poor guy’s face was an open book.  Someone get him ‘Gay Panic for Dummies,’ Tony thought, rather hysterically.  He had so screwed this up.  Why, damn it, why did he have to keep poking at whatever chinks he could find in Steve’s armor, even now, when Steve was clearly more vulnerable than he’d ever been.  Of course, maybe that question answered itself, Tony thought in disgust.
The name was written in cursive each time, except the last strip of tape, where her writing had become a little less flowing, a little blockier, a little less effortless.  She would have been busy.  Family, husband, SHIELD.  She would have written less.  Things were changing.  Typed more.  She would have had a desk with a bulky computer that was little more than a glorified typewriter, but she would have learned to use it, learned better and faster than the rest of them, because she knew if she didn’t, they would say she was too old for this new revolution, that she should be at home. That she’d earned it, as if being shunted aside was her due.
“No,” Steve replied and left it at that.  Or would have.  Tony nudged his chin down and patted his hand lightly on Steve’s stomach. Steve sighed, tightening his arm that was slung around Tony’s shoulders.  “After the war, he moved back to Fresno.  Married. Two kids.  Worked in a bottling plant.  Died of a heart attack in ’78,” Steve said.  “Fury gave me his file after I woke up. His grandson is a teacher in New York,” Steve added, almost an afterthought, though Tony didn’t think it really was.
“The one with those guys all messed up in the head?” Brock huffed.  “Fucking waste, if you ask me.  What, did the big, bad war give them nightmares?” he asked, pitching his voice high and mocking.
“You’re doing so good, Tony.  So good for me,” Helicarrier Steve whispered.  “Is this okay?  Is this what you wanted, Tony?  Am I—oh, jeez, that’s…yeah—am I doing it right? Are you sure this is okay?  Do you like it?  Is that good?” Below him, Tony’s eyes opened, then fluttered shut, and he moaned again, throat bobbing and working as that version of Steve rocked his hips, sending his cock deeper into Tony’s throat.
Steve turned to look at Tony and felt his heart break a little, recalling Bucky’s words about the awful night he predicted for Tony. That had apparently been something of an understatement if the dark circles and bloodshot eyes were any indication.  Tony ran a hand through messy hair and brushed past Steve to his workspace, shifting things around on the table, seemingly at random for a few moments, before giving up and leaning knuckled fists on the table for support.
Ah, damn it all to hell, Steve.
“You know, communication is key to a good marriage, I’m told,” Tony grumbled, flattening his mouth.  Next to him, Tony felt Steve stiffen, then heard a small sigh.
“Tony, would you like to say goodbye to your parents?  I believe they’re still waiting downstairs,” Rogers asked, looking to Coulson who gave a confirming nod.  “I’m sure it would put their minds at ease to know how things went.”
wasn’t supposed to make him feel like that.  Brock had wanted him to do it.  Encouraged him.  And he was so happy afterwards, they were
“Why?” Steve asked with a dubious frown.  “Are the watermelons going to…explode more?  Are they evil watermelons?  Did Edible Arrangements go super-villain?”
Steve started to draw back, then felt Tony’s hand slide up through his hair to hold his head, a gentle pressure holding him in place, while Tony’s other hand came up splay against Steve’s cheek, and then Tony was kissing him, full and open and hot, and Steve had enough time to think that it felt a bit like falling, though the kind of fall where you would never land.  Where you flew.
“March and I had a scheduling conflict, but fortunately, the Christmas cover was twins,” Tony replied, though his voice had gone cold and flat, and he stilled for a moment before rubbing the heel of his hand into the center of his chest.  “It was—it was—quite the year.  I guess you could—shit.  Sorry,” Tony muttered, letting his fist drop to the table and reaching for the glass of water in front of him and nearly tipping it over before he let his head fall to his hand.  Steve reached out and grabbed Tony’s wrist.  He could feel the pulse pounding beneath his fingers.
“Then she isn’t all that mad.  Trust me, it will be fine,” Tony said again.  “Here, look,” Tony said, handing Steve his phone.  “Pics are already out there.  We make a damn fine couple, if I do say so myself.”
“Palladium,” Tony rasped.  “It’s a type of poison. Bad.  Very bad.” Tony had no idea why he was babbling.  He couldn't seem to help himself.  Some kind of impulse to explain to the alien, to calm him, to soothe him, Tony didn't know. That didn't seem quite right, but...he couldn't seem to deny it, either.  The alien was watching him carefully, brows drawn together again.  “It’s killing me,” Tony said. The alien hummed again and made that same noise as before. No, not the same, just similar, but this was...more distressed. Something about the high-pitchness of it gave off that vibe, Tony thought.
“Yeah. Yeah,” Tony repeated with a deep sigh. “Thanks, Rhodey. For, you know. All of it. I should have—years ago, I should have—I could've done what you did—Army records are a piece of cake, for Christ's sake, but I didn't—I never did. I never fucking did. Damn it, I never wanted to think about him, much less...much less let myself believe, even for a moment that maybe, just maybe...God, maybe someone like Steve might actually have loved me. I couldn't deal with being wrong—with losing that again. That was the path to recalling exactly where I keep that last bottle, my friend, trust me, and it took your mom and her twelve-step course on TV/VCR repair to help me put it away the first time around.”
“And, like I said, so warm.
“I know, I know, it’s over, we don’t talk about that stuff, yadda, yadda.  Just thinkin’ out loud. Come on, let’s go get you all gussied up,” Brock replied, shooting Steve a teasing smile when he pulled a face at Brock’s choice of words.
Shellhead’s tentacles thrashed around under the boat, making hollow, thumping noises, and he flattened his mouth into a thin line, a frown furrowing his brow.  His fist hit the side of the boat hard enough that Steve had the terrible thought that the wood might splinter.
“You need Lord Ellis’ harvest,” Steve replied gamely.
Tony made it inside the garage, barely, before he slumped over, bending at the waist and tried to swallow enough air to get his lungs to cooperate.  It was like he’d forgotten how to breath.  How could he have messed up that badly? He felt turned inside out, exposed somehow, like one of those dreams where you show up naked and don’t realize it until too late.
“Love you, too,” Steve replied.  A brush of lips against the top of his head, just behind his ear.
“You screwed up,” Steve repeated.
Rumlow looked down at Steve, blood still pouring from his ear.  He walked up and slapped Steve hard enough to send him sideways into one of the guards holding him prone.  “I should’ve cut your cock off and shoved it down your throat the moment I saw you,” Rumlow spat out.  “When you’re done with him, send him back here and I will,” he promised, giving a quick look to the Lord, before turning and walking back toward the warehouse.
It was always the little things, Tony thought, as he looked desperately at the man across from him, but one of the investigators was eyeing him, so there really wasn’t much the man could do. The answer, Tony assumed, was probably not Hot Thong Guy. More’s the pity.
“I don’t like thinking about it,” Steve said.  His voice sounded odd. Slightly garbled, like the consonants were mashed together too hard.  “You.  Going through that. By yourself.”
“Seems really lax to me,” Happy agreed as two doormen swept the doors open for them.
Steve laughed, shaking his head again at the boy’s excited ramble of thoughts.  “I am fine for the evening, Cam.  Go on, now. Say goodbye to your mother.  She will miss you terribly, you know.”
“You like him,” Steve observed with a nod.
“Oh, don’t even start that with me,” Pepper ground out, walking over and sitting down on one of the nearby chairs.
“Now, we’re talking,” Tony said cheekily. “Look, gorgeous, it’s not using me if I want it. Pretend there’s no, ah, transaction involved, if that helps.”
“Come,” Tony said to Steve, nodding his head towards the dense forest ahead.
“I’m just saying, you get all Heathcliff on the moors about it sometimes, and I don’t know what to do then, so I just…I don’t know what to do.  Do I say something?  Leave you alone?  I told Coulson you were fine, but we all know that’s a lie.  Not that you’re ready for an I-Love-Myself jacket or anything.  I don’t—I’m not good at this, is what I’m saying, but I want to help,” Tony finished with a frustrated shrug.  He ran a hand through his hair, then up and down the back of his head before looking back at Steve.
They’d dated for almost three years.  Okay, well, technically, they only started dating when Tony was nineteen. He had just started grad school at MIT, but in his head, Tony liked to think that he and Steve really started out in those two minutes of heavy-duty flirtation Tony had hit Steve with during one of Howard’s boring dinner parties right before Tony put down the glass of Scotch and admitted to being sixteen.   That had been a great two minutes, Tony remembered with a fond sigh.
“Not true.  I was for parts of the Army thing,” Tony corrected with a grin before he caught himself and gave a quick look to see if Rhodey had noticed, which, of course, he had.  Stupid, annoying observational skills.
“They can bill me,” Tony replied in annoyance.  “I’ve had fucking enough of this day. I think I’ve earned a drink.  Or five.”
“You just…have it on loop in your head, don’t you?” Bucky asked, grimacing.  “No, no, don’t do the face.  It’s a good look on you, don’t get me wrong. The whole admitting you’re two steps from drawing a heart around your names thing.  Oh, God, you two are going to send me one of those obnoxious holiday update cards one day where you’re all in matching sweaters, aren’t you?  ‘Little James just completed his first year of immersion French, is moving into his Cubist period, and currently doesn’t eat paste,’” Bucky sighed, lolling his head back against the sofa and rubbing his hands into his temples.  “I can see it now.  Stark’s going to make Uncle Buck jokes.  You wait.  I’m going to blame you for that.”
Tony caught Steve’s expression and barked out a laugh. He  lifted Steve’s hand and brushed his lips across the knuckles, then ran a hand through Steve’s hair and went back to digging through the bag, pulling out a loaf of hard bread wrapped in a course cloth, strips of dried meat and two apples. “Eat,” Tony urged, handing a strip of the salty meat to Steve.  “Or we’ll end up giving them something to truly try to ignore,” Tony said, rolling over and planting a kiss on top of Steve’s head.
Sam was quiet for a long moment, eyes locked on Steve. Then, his mouth twisted into a grimace and he drew in a long breath.
The alien stared at him a moment, then blinked in surprise and let out a surprisingly deep and human-like sound that was like a chuffing sort of laugh.
“Relax for me, baby,” Tony soothed. “You’re so tense.”  Steve almost apologized, but caught himself.
“Sorry, I—I didn’t mean to oversleep, I--what?  Ah…yes?“ Steve stammered with a surge of embarrassed awareness of his nakedness, even though that made no sense after the night before.  Still, there was something different about waking in the King’s bed the next morning, naked, sleep-warm and thick-tongued, while the King himself was so splendidly attired.  He felt wildly out of place, like whatever spell had fallen over him the night before broke with the rising of the sun.
“You gave me the average IQ, didn’t you,” Matt muttered.
“Barnes and Romanov, huh?” Rhodey said, walking over to stand by Tony.
Streaks of gray ran through her hair now.  The fullness he hadn’t noticed all those years ago had faded from her face, making her features sharper, more angled, the skin pulled tighter across the bones.  Fine lines were drawn around her mouth and eyes. Not many, not yet, but there. Smile lines, Steve’s mom always called them.
“Oh.  No, that’s…my project,” Tony gasped out.  “My project,” he repeated, licking his lips and rocking his hips forward and back experimentally.  Good.  That was good.
“Tony,” Obie cut in.  “This…hippie science project of yours, that’s not being responsible.  We’re iron mongers, Tony.  It’s what we do.  It’s what we’ve always done.  You make the weapons, I make sure the company makes money.  That’s how it works.”
“Sure do wish you could talk, Shellhead,” Steve said, not for the first time.  He laid his head on his knees and watched the creature. It went still at Steve’s words, then turned to look at him, its brow pulled down and eyes watery, almost wistful. “Gets kind of lonely, just hearing my own voice.  I’ll bet you’d have all kinds of interesting things to say.”
“What I want is impossible,” Tony snapped, then ran his hands through his wet hair and dropped his shoulders with a sigh. “What assurances would you have of me, then?  Tell me, and they are yours. What would be good enough for you?”
Tony wanted more of his machines stationed at various points.  General Rhodes argued for more men at the weak points in the wall and outposts.  Marshall Strucker wanted to dig more wells and add storage to cut down on the need to resupply.  Steve listened to what they said, and, more importantly, to what they didn’t say.   Supply lines and storage.  Bowmen.  Mortars.  A standing army that largely depended on the promises of Lords and Ladies who owed fealty to Tony.  Little mention of heavy horse.  The space for trench lines had been eaten away by city sprawl that crept outside the gates before Tony’s parents were born.  As a walled city, they prepared for siege, not war, and the success of that strategy showed in the centuries without conquer.
“Is that even physically possible?” the King asked with a laugh.  He reached out and ruffled Steve’s hair, then smoothed it down again.  It felt oddly intimate, though Steve didn’t know why.  “Stay.  Sleep.  I have work, but you have more than earned your rest.  Ah, wait.  Here, I have something for you,” Tony said, clapping a hand on his knee was he stood.  He walked over to a small chest that sat on a low cabinet, opened it and strode back over to Steve with something in his hand.
He fingered the dog tags hanging high at the center of his chest, and then wrapped his hand around the warm metal.  The shower was hot. Too hot, hitting his skin and making it redden, but he didn’t adjust the temperature.  He was scrubbing too hard with the cloth, digging into his skin without quite realizing what he was doing.  It hurt, but it felt good, too.  He’d show Steve the ‘bots, he told himself, rubbing the cloth over his shoulders, grinding it against his collar bone in slow, hard circles.
“Stark’s gonna lose his God-damned mind,” Bucky predicted mildly, then flopped down on the bed.
“You have an aquaculturist on staff.  You built a filtration system and automatic feeder,” Steve listed off.
.  So. There was that.
Tony held them out in front of him, one in each palm, for Steve to see. “You lost control tonight,” Tony said, though there was no real judgment in his voice, no disappointment, but the words stabbed at Steve’s heart with the force of a blade. Steve swallowed, his eyes dropping until he felt Tony’s fingers under his chin, forcing his gaze back up. “I think we should work on that, don’t you?”
that involved.
Rand means "ridge" and is taken from the Afrikaans Witwatersrand ("white waters ridge"), the most productive gold-mning district in the world.  I thought that fit perfectly to use the Rand family (aka Iron Fist) for the Lords of the Ridge.
There was something about that sound, the desperation of it, maybe, the lack of self-consciousness, the wildness, he didn’t know, but it drew him back to plunder Tony’s mouth again.  His tongue pushed past Tony’s lips, delving deep, sliding along Tony’s, gliding over it, tasting him, this wonderful taste that was Tony, like ambrosia or fine wine, it left him almost dizzy with pleasure.  Tony moaned into Steve’s mouth, teeth scraping, nipping lightly at Steve’s bottom lip. It would be sore tomorrow. He’d feel that and know it was because of Tony. His mind seemed to revel in that idea, sending hot, sharp quakes of want down the length of his cock.
The guy stepped out of the limo, and Steve was left to wonder if he was meant to follow.  The guy bent back down to peer into the limo at Steve.  “Well?  Come on.  We only have to put in an appearance.  But, I paid for the whole evening, so…let’s go, hot stuff!  Want to get my money’s worth,” he said, the smile that didn’t meet his eyes back on his face, leaving Steve to wonder what he considered getting his money’s worth.
But...what if they didn’t?  What if they sent him up to Stark’s suite? Could he really do this?  What was it, that saying he’d heard...lie back and think of--think of something.  Think of more zeros than he would ever see in his bank account again, he thought with a rueful grimace.
“The company, though,” Tony reiterated, trying to force his mind to focus.
It would be fine.
After all, something could happen.
“I’m just saying, it’s probably dripping with debt, no profit in sight, and they are probably holding off bankruptcy because that would void the Army contract, but they have to be close, barely an income stream to speak of, except, well…” Pepper trailed off, glancing down at the tablet in her hands.
At some point, Tony had changed the bedding, putting down fresh sheets, and hopefully burning the others, Steve thought with a grimace. They both undressed and slipped under the cool sheets, Tony flattening himself against Steve’s back and wrapping his arms under Steve’s, one leg thrown over Steve’s thigh. They stayed that way for some time, Tony running his hands up and down Steve’s chest, light fingertips ghosting over prickling flesh until Steve felt his body start to respond.
“Good.  Your parents invited us to dinner in couple of weeks.  I believe Mr. Stane was invited as well.  That should give SHIELD’s SI liaison enough time to broach the subject, once she has Fury’s approval,” Steve replied.
“I guess,” Tony said, looking over at the mantle clock and tapping out a rhythm against the edge of the table again before forcing himself to stop.  “You always like to paint?”
“You are well, then?” Tony asked after a moment.
He let out another sigh, making the passenger to his right give him a strange look.  He had to stop thinking about Tony.  Cut himself off.  Cold turkey.
, Tony said, laughing as he said it.
The elevator pinged, making Tony nearly jump out of his skin.  “Ride’s here,” Steve said, sounding completely nonchalant while Tony reeled with, God, he didn’t even know.  Shock? Confusion? Terror? Joy?  Could you experience all of them at once, Tony wondered dazedly as they stepped into the elevator.  Tony felt himself tugged along, almost against his will, and realized that he was still holding Steve’s hand. Though, clawing at Steve’s hand was probably a more apt description, the way his fingers were curled around Steve’s and digging in, as if he let go, he would fall.
with him and his issues, needed their own space, their own lives… he’d heard it so many times before, it was like the words could almost just seep into his skin without him even noticing.  Except this time.
A splash cut him off.  Just to his left, behind one of the larger rocks whose algae-covered top was just visible at low tide.  Shellhead’s head appeared, then his eyes. He hovered there, lolling in time with the waves, just out of reach.
.  Needed it so very badly.
Tony helped him to the edge of the bed, where Steve collapsed onto his side, then rolled over onto his stomach.  He turned to look at Tony, then reached out and grabbed for his hand, pulling Tony down towards his chest.
It was quiet for a long time before Tony finally let himself relax enough to breathe in great, hulking gulps of air that burned their way down to his stomach.  He didn’t know how long he stayed there, not even able to manage distraction.  It kept playing over and over again in his head, on some infinite loop.  Leaning in to kiss Steve, digging his hands into Steve’s shirt, how warm Steve felt next to him.   How there had been this one bright, perfect moment before it all went to shit, when he’d been so incredibly, deliriously happy.
“No idea,” Cam shrugged.  “But, he went directly to the King when he returned without even changing his garb from the ride.  Oh, and she said he spoke to Admiral Carmichael about raiders and not being able to find enough drink or something.  Erdé was there, picking up the laundry, and heard part of it.”
So, he might have spent some time researching all this.
How could he have even thought….well, what he’d thought?  Projecting was one thing…this was…this was just deluding himself, a failing he hated above almost all others.  He landed a particularly solid punch against the bag, sending it flying against the wall, seams bursting and fill spilling out all over the gym floor.  He stared down at it for a long moment, then grabbed another bag from the row along the wall and hoists it to the hook, with every intention of continuing pounding away, but instead just watched it sway a bit, one hand resting lightly on it to steady it.
Steve winced and closed his eyes, his knuckles going white where he gripped the railing. His robes were red today. Tony’s color.  They caught in the wind as the platform made its steady climb, whipping around him, his veil catching the wind and flying up in front of him, and for a moment, everything seemed bathed in blood.
Steve pursed his lips, jaw tightening as he took a deep breath before the plunge.  “I gave him the check back.”
Steve, my weapons, killed them!”
Tony kept up a fast, brutal pace, pulling far enough out that he could see Steve’s hole gape, then contract, as it tried to tighten around something that wasn’t there before thrusting all the way in again, making sure to hit Steve’s prostate on each stroke. At some point, he flipped the faceplate up, his eyes drifting between Steve’s face, flushed and sweaty, body jolting with each thrust and eyes locked on Tony, and the absolutely filthy sight presented by the red and gold metal of the suit pressing against the curve of Steve’s body each time Tony’s cock sank into him.
“I think,” Tony said, looking around, “that if there are, there are six of them.  Or were. Look,” he pointed around the circle. “Six stones. The other circle, it had six stones, too.  Every other stone circle I’ve seen record of--
Then…then what?  Then, Steve had started showing up in the workshop, asking questions about the suits and what they could do, how they might make better use of the tech in battles….and somewhere along the way it had gone from Avengers stuff to Steve’s stupid little list of things he needed to catch up on, which had been woefully inadequate.  Really, Marvin Gaye and Nirvana, but not a single band from the heavy metal renaissance period?  And the guy had watched the reboot movies and just crossed Star Trek off the list, la-ti-da, the heathen, and then actually watched the prequels first.  It was madness.  It had been Tony’s moral imperative…one might say a prime directive…to set Steve on the path of righteousness.
“Don’t know.  Maybe it’d tell him something about all this,” Clint suggested.  “Probably should get Steve there cleaned up first, though.  I got some baby wash in here somewhere.  You can use that in the bath.”
, but without the fear and horror behind them. When he thought about the night, about kneeling on the bed and waiting, waiting for it, knowing it was coming, the thick, brown strap right there, and him just…waiting, it made his insides water and twist, sending pulses of heat down his trapped cock.   Tony said pain was just another side of pleasure, like a coin that had been flipped, but still had the same value.
“You’re here with divorce papers.  Again.  That’s…I don’t know what that is,” Steve said, bracing his hands against the counter top, his back still to Tony.  He spun around abruptly, picked up the folder and stalked over to where Tony stood next to the loveseat.  Tony had the absurd urge to sit down, because Steve was pushing into his space like he didn’t know that there was supposed to be a personal bubble.   Steve opened the folder between them, holding it in one hand as he leafed through it, much as Tony had done in the car.  “I just sign, right?” Steve asked in a rush, voice tight and brittle and
“He let me talk about my self-insert painting for just over three minutes,” Steve replied.  Tony let out a shocked bark of laughter before burying his face against Steve’s arm to cover his laughter.
“Thank you,” Cam replied, looking in awe at the coin in his hand, then shooting a speculative look at the King.  “He said you were a good man,” Cam said, almost shyly, giving Steve a quick, pleading look as he did.
“I did?  That…sounds like a questionable life decision,” Steve replied as Tony grinned and gunned the engine.    “Were you with me?” he asked, looking over at Tony almost furtively, before pasting his eyes to the road again with a deepening frown as Tony angled the car in and out of traffic.
, for God’s sake, and, besides, he was with Brock, so… so there was really no point to wanting some kind of drawn out good-bye.  It was better this way, really, when you got down to it.  There was absolutely no reason for it to… hurt.  Which it didn’t.  He was just taken aback, that was all.  The whole situation was bizarre, from meeting Tony to now.  It was perfectly normal to feel out of sorts.
“Steve, let Tony help you,” Barnes cut in. “It’s a drop in the bucket to him, and he’d practically wet himself, he’d be so excited.  Don’t make me beg.  Or, worse. Call Nat.”
As much as he felt like an outsider, sitting here while Brock and his friends traded plans for the money Brock didn’t know they weren’t getting, Steve did have a knack for reading people and their tells, which probably kept him alive once upon a time and which he now used to systematically divest Rollins, Griff, and Brock of much of their pots over the course of a few hands.
“Done. Anything. Name it,” Tony said, almost eagerly.
“Always so dramatic,” Peggy sighed, making Steve huff out a surprised puff of laughter and taking his hand and slipping her arm through his elbow as they made their way up the steps next to a group of other guests towards the brightly lit mansion.  “I’ve had a good life, Steve. I wouldn’t change it. That’s the truth. I just wish you could look me in the eye and say the same,” she replied, arching her brow. “Exactly,” she finished when he tore his eyes away and swept the perimeter instead of answering her.
“Ah,” the man began, wiping a hand over his mouth and looking somewhat abashed by the comparison. “I did not mean it as he did, Steve.  It was not intended as a criticism. In fact, you are, without a doubt, the most interesting person I have had the pleasure of meeting in a very long time. A very long time, indeed. Now. Home with you, young Master Rogers,” the man finished, his voice mildly scolding.
Absolutely easier that way.
“Tony,” Steve said again, his voice low and urgent.  “Tony, get up. Slowly. Get behind me. Tony, please. Please listen to me. To—”
“Rest here tonight, if you like.  There is no need for you to come to this feast Rand has planned,” Tony suggested. “I have to pretend to enjoy our host’s company for the evening, but there is no reason for you to have to play a part,” he sighed.   “Though, it would have been far more tolerable with you at my side.”
“It’s just…it’s stupid.  This inside joke thing. It’s funnier in my head.   I don’t know. It’s probably still the alcohol and whatever the fuck else was in that.  It’s—it’s just that I kind of just now realized,” Tony began, shaking his head and biting his lip as he gazed up at Steve.  “I’m Actually Fucking Captain America.”
“I’ll just,” Tony said with a nod towards his bedroom door that was clearly meant to communicate that he would put on actual clothing that did not require a fucking crane to stay put, remove the ass napkins from his face, make his hair look like something other than a massively misguided attempt at a perm, and somehow cobble together a semblance of dignity from denial, short-term memory loss and probably duct tape, because why not?
“That...that wasn't...” Tony began, turning around in a circle on the sidewalk because he didn't know what the hell was happening, so three circles and just sitting the fuck down and breathing into a paper bag sounded like a great plan. “He's got a box of stuff. Like, stuff about me. Us,” Tony told Rhodey, a frown forming as he glanced back down the street, looking for someone who was definitely otherwise occupied, doing exactly what Tony had asked of him.
“Well,” Tony said, sidling up closer to Steve and reaching out to trace a finger from the knot of Steve’s tie down the center of his chest.  “I was thinking…a kiss,” he said, looking up at Steve through sinfully long lashes while Steve stared down at him, frozen in shock. “Just a kiss.  How hard is that?” Tony asked, then very deliberately moved his thigh between Steve’s legs, rubbing ever so slightly. “Well, there’s at least potential.”
“How does Nat even know this guy?” Tony asked.  “What, she strolls through Soho picking up artists when she’s not on tour with Fury’s super-secret boy band?”
“Almost there, almost there, Steve, God, you’re so—
“Must you?” Rebecca asked.  “Don’t mind Josh, Tony.  He’s just jealous.”
Steve took a moment to allow his eyes to roam over Tony as well, his stomach dropping at what he saw. Tony was dressed casually by his standards, a smudge of something dark on his neck, as if he had reached up to scratch there, hair curling and damp, sure signs that he had been in his workshop when he received word that Steve was returning. There were dark circles framing Tony’s eyes, and his skin was too tight on his bones, like he had been when Steve and the Avengers first found him, a toll that Steve’s absence had exacted, a cost he had failed to consider, but now seemed far too high.
“Art,” Steve supplied almost hesitantly. “I draw. Paint some, when I have time.” Huh. That was a surprise, Tony had to admit. Most Alphas would only paint if it involved shooting pellets at other Alphas and calling it performance art.
“Hey, Army here,” Steve replied, feeling strangely buoyed by her concern, however misplaced it might be. “I can take care of myself, you know that, right?”
“God punishes me by sending me my own reflection to look upon,” Tony mused, as he lifted the cloth and reached for the sliced meat and fruits underneath.  “Eat,” he encouraged Steve.  “And you, too, if you can rouse yourself,” he added, tossing a look over his shoulder at Cam.
You should totally follow me, though.  It's basically all Stony, all the time.  Yes, there is that much Stony content, why do you ask?  Also, I'll be posting some stuff over on Dreamwidth, which I am just learning, so feel free to stop by and say hi and tell me how the hell to use that website.
“Aren’t you?  Happy, I mean?” Steve asked.
“I will buy my own retirement house, Tony.  You may come over anytime.  Bring a flamingo. We’ll put a funny hat on him and name him Bernard or something equally British and obnoxious,” Jarvis promised.
Well, Steve thought with a sigh.  It wasn’t as if it was his first time trying to charm a crowd.  It seemed the whole of the city had come out to see their small parade, Steve thought a few moments later as they rounded a curve and emptied onto the main thoroughfare, the High Road, lined with its many shops, stacked like hats atop a head, and manses that seemed to barely fit in their narrow confines, as if at any moment the whole street would burst at the seams.
“He grabbed at me, and I told him not to touch me.
so—larger than life, I guess.”
“Wait. Condo.  You—did you buy our apartment?” Steve asked, drawing back in his chair to look at Tony with an air of disbelieving fondess.
“Come on,” Tony urged, tugging at the sleeve of Steve’s borrowed jacket.  “You don’t want to miss this.”
“Nothing about what you just said isn’t suspicious,” Tony argued, then sighed, mouth curling into a grimace. “You really want me to do this, huh?”
“Director Fury,” Steve called out. “Good to see you, Sir.”
“Oh my God, seriously? Can you two focus for like, two minutes?” Rhodes demanded as he stepped out of the elevator and set his briefcase and what looked like a twelve-pack of beer down on the kitchen counter.
“You’re—what?”  Tony sputtered.
“I know,” Tony said, giving him a wan smile.  “I love teaching, I really do, but sometimes…I think I could do more.  Be more.”
“I would keep a careful eye on this one, fair warning.  He bit the ear off his last overseer.  Saw it myself,” Sitwell cautioned.
“Hello,” Steve said, then reached for Tony’s face and drew them together for a long, somewhat sloppy and very wet kiss. He pulled back, smiling, though kept his hands cupping Tony’s cheeks long enough to brush some of the droplets away with his thumbs.
“Wh—what do I do?” Tony asked.
“He’s…” Steve started, frowning, though he wasn’t quite sure why, except he didn’t want to give any piece of Anthony to this man, not even a description.  Rumlow would take it and turn it into something for Rumlow, something that took something away from Anthony in a way that Steve didn’t quite understand, but knew in his gut and despised with a vehemence that probably shouldn’t have surprised him at this point, but it did.  None of Anthony belonged to Rumlow, not even that much.  Steve stood up and walked forward, slowing just as he was in front of Rumlow and looked down.
Actually, being run roughshod over wasn’t half bad, Tony thought resignedly.
“You understand the need for discretion,” Tony cut in somewhat brusquely.  “It would be bad. Not just for me. For both of us.  The legal fallout alone would—"
“Really.  Uh-huh.  What’s it about?” Rhodes asked, cocking his head back as he regarded Tony.  Steve traded a look with Tony, who seemed at least slightly chastised. “That’s what I thought.”
“It can be a bit overwhelming at first,” Tony said.  “How do you feel?”
“A lot better than you think you are right now,” Tony replied, offering a wobbly sort of pleading smile. “Seriously, I was about to get on a New York City bus for you. I ate toast. And coffee from one of those foil packages. I mean, saw her open it and just dump it in there.”
“Yeah, but…” Steve began, then shook his head and wiped a hand over his mouth.  “Come on, you--you definitely don’t need to pay for...anything. Let alone...an, ah, evening with some random guy you just met, so why...why this? Why me?”
“A small one?” Tony said, with a slightly abashed wince.  “It will be sent back with the horses Lord Ellis is gifting us. Happy can help teach him to ride.  He should know how to ride. It’s an important skill. Stop looking at me like that. I can spoil the boy if it pleases me.”
“Of course, he is.  Those wings suck, by the way, I’ve said that like five hundred times,” Tony reminded him.
The kiss was wet and sloppy, but the dual sensations of Tony’s mouth and Tony’s body was enough to send Steve over whatever edge he’d been holding to, and he started to thrust in long, slow gliding strokes. Tony’s body rocked in time with the rhythm, losing Steve’s mouth, then finding it again.  Steve finally pushed himself back, settling on his knees between Tony’s thighs, lifting Tony again so he could find the angle Tony liked, then ramming home.  Tony’s hands, which had been reaching for him in protest, clenched into fists, then dove to curl in the blanket as he tossed his head back and forth.  Steve hooked an arm under one of Tony’s knees, and got his other hand around Tony’s cock again.
“The one Hirst did,” Steve said.
“Fantastic. Amazing, I--I feel…” Steve trailed off, frowning.  He felt...something.  Good, yes, but, not good, at the same time.  Empty, he decided. Then, no,
“Speaking of my happiness,” Tony started, looking over at Steve, “General Ross, my concubine, the Raj’Inama. His safety is, of course, of paramount importance as well. I’m trusting you and your men with that task, General, and know that however important my safety is to you, his is to me.”
Somewhere to his right, a bird cawed loudly and another responded in kind, probably hoping for a handout, since Steve often brought seeds with him when he visited.  He sighed and stood up, walking slowly back down the path towards the gate.  His mind was so full of disquiet, he nearly ran into the woman before drawing himself up short.  It was so unexpected that it took him a span of heartbeats to let his mind catch up to what his eyes were seeing.
He made a quick detour to the deli to pick up lunch.  He’d left breakfast for Tony this morning.   Tony had been eating the pancakes when Steve came back from his morning run.  The memory was still fresh in Steve’s mind.  Clear and crisp, like they all were now, and his mind conjured it, the memory somehow warm and bright.  Tony, sitting at the little table in the kitchen with a bite of pancake dripping from his fork.  He told Steve the breakfast was good, Steve remembered, though he wasn’t sure if Tony meant it or had just been telling Steve what he thought Steve wanted to hear. He had been looking at something on his computer tablet. Something he hadn’t wanted Steve to see, something private, and jealously guarded, like so much of Tony himself.
“Then don’t ask me for a promise you know that I can’t give you,” Tony gritted out, then sighed and shook his head. “Steve, listen to me, please. Please, I’m asking you, just listen. I—I will give you,” he broke off, blinking up at the ceiling of the tent, his voice thick and shaky. “I will give you anything that I can. Anything. But do not ask me for what is impossible. Ross was...he was baiting you. Both of us, probably. What he speaks of, it is...it is so unlikely as to be little more than fantasy, it’s...it’s just talk. That’s all. The last thing I want is to bring about war. Hell, that’s what all of this--the Jerak’ho, everything I do, it’s...that’s what I’m trying to avoid, you know that!” Tony broke off, his hands fisting against his thighs. He lanced away for a moment, then looked down at Steve. In the lamplight, his eyes were dark and glistening, though his expression was implacably set, betraying none of his thoughts. “I do love you, Steve. More than you can possibly know.”
Yeah, because it was the scientific inaccuracy that was the problem there, Tony thought glumly.
Some time later, he felt the knot start to subside. He shivered, already feeling empty.  Steve seemed in no hurry to leave him, but finally, he pressed his lips to the top of Tony’s head, sighed, and pulled out.  He moved Tony to one side, wiped himself off and fixed his breeches, then adjusted the furs around him. Tony thought of the wraps the Omegas used to swaddle their babies while they traveled and smiled.  Steve came back with the water bag and held it to Tony’s lips until he drank his fill, then pressed a wad of wool between Tony’s legs to absorb the rest of the wetness. Seemingly satisfied, Steve lay down beside him and curled around him, pulling Tony’s back to his chest.  Tony toyed with his amulet, tracing the shape on it again and again.
“It wasn’t your fault,” Tony cut in, instantly sure of that, if nothing else.  “It wasn’t, Steve,” Tony insisted when Steve didn’t respond.  “Look, I know that I didn’t know him or about what happened, but…if he was your friend, like you say he was, he wouldn’t want you to think that.  I don’t think,” Tony said around a swallow.  “Is that why you came to the mountains?  Because of…what happened?”
“Calumnies.  Lies. Aspersions,” Tony objected.  “I have never mocked the badges.”  There was a loose smile on his face, and it was obvious this conversation was a rehash of one of many, but Steve could feel the affection between the two of them.  How many times had he and Bucky spoken their own, secret language, he wondered a tad wistfully.  It had been a long time since they’d talked like that.  Well, it had been a long time since they’d really talked about anything that wasn’t overlaid with guilt and remorse, and at some point, the retread of those conversations got so tiring, they both just stopped talking. Listening to Tony and his driver, Steve couldn’t help a tinge of jealousy at their easy camaraderie, though it was the kind that simply coveted the same, not that wanted to take it away.
Tony shoved open the car door with too much force, making it rebound a bit, and climbed out.  A gust of frigid wind caught his suit jacket, making it whip as the breeze soughed down the alleyway where he was parked.  He bent over and reached into the car to grab his coat and the folder with the paperwork, switch the folder between his hands as he shoved his arms through the coat sleeves.  He ran his hands up and down his arms to warm them, then patted at his pocket, feeling for the solid weight of his phone.
The file opened, and the movie leapt to life with a sudden burst of staticky sound, it made him startle, though the image was still black.
Finally, Tony fixed himself in his breeches, got up and Steve heard the familiar splash of water from the basin.  The water would be heated and kept warm with hot stones, Steve knew, and knew that was for him, which always made the indulgence feel even better.  A moment later, Tony was back, standing in front of Steve with a wet cloth in one hand.  He sighed and pulled an exaggerated pout.
had been all kinds of awesome. It had been
“Toah, Tonah?” Steve said, then shook his head.  “Tony?”
“You,” Tony told him, leaning up to place a kiss on Steve’s lips where they curved into a smile.
“Then I’d have waited,” Steve said softly, barely a whisper, but it rang in Tony’s ears like a song.  “I would have waited for you.  I’ll always wait for you, Tony.”
“See?” Brock raised his voice so Steve could hear him. “Stark does crazy things for the thrill of it, that’s all. He was probably just trying to get a reaction. That’s what guys like him do.  I mean, it worked, ‘cuz a million dollars, that’s gonna have a reaction, am I right?”
“Not a dinner party.  Not his parents or the Board or anyone else. Just him,” Steve said.
Steve wasn’t sure which one of them moved first, but his mouth was on Tony’s as if by its own volition.  He thought maybe it was him who finally took that last step, closing the space between them, what little of it there was left.  He felt Tony’s warm gasp of breath against his lips as they found Tony’s, and then he felt nothing save for the warm heat of Tony’s mouth curving against his own.
“You don’t owe me anything, Tony,” Steve began slowly.  “I don’t need gratitude for basic human decency.  That isn’t how this works.  You don’t have to…” Steve trailed off and looked down at the ground between them before setting his shoulders and looking back at Tony.
I'm sabrecmc on tumblr and twitter.  Come say hi.
“So,” Steve started, then took a drink of his coffee.
“Did you hit him?” Tony asked, biting as his bottom lip until it stung.
Steve swallowed, or tried to.  His throat was dry.  He looked down, feeling every bit the fool in the finery Cam had chosen.  His stomach twisted and recoiled with embarrassment.  How had he misread this so badly?  This was supposed to—what?  Soften Tony to him?  Distract him?  That sounded like a familiar tactic, Steve thought with a grimace.  Everyone believes this is what Tony wants—the decadence, the indulgence, the hedonistic pleasures that go only skin deep--but it isn’t, not really, he wants…me, Steve thought, but quickly pushed it away for the folly it was. Steve didn’t know, but it wasn’t this.  He couldn’t exactly change now, though, and had little choice but to push ahead with it.
“Stevie?” Tony repeated.
“Oh my god, you have got to be—I give up. I give up!” Tony announced, throwing his hand in the air.  Steve mimicked the gesture, then looked at Tony and let out a watery giggle that turned into a burp and more spit up.  Tony sighed and wiped Steve’s mouth and chin with the edge of the shirt that was wrapped around his tiny waist.  Small and thin and wheezy, Tony thought with a frown.  Cute enough kid, sure.  All eyes and a soft, patchy down of light hair covering his head, but there was an air of delicate wrongness to him, a pinched sort of sallow, sunken look where there should be rolls of fat, happy baby.  “Just so I’m clear, our current plan is to wait it out and hope Loki was playing nice, right?  I mean, that’s it. That’s our plan.”
,” Steve thought with a rush of panic.  “
“First, Thor, whom I am almost certain is some kind of Scandinavian prince masquerading as one of us so as to study our customs—if that isn’t true, don’t tell me because Helen and I have it all worked out, and we’re going with prince--stopped by, and either apologized for insulting me or gave a soliloquy on paint drying while I stared at him.  Hard to be sure,” she said, tapping a perfectly manicured fingernail on her chin.
If this one didn’t take him, Rumlow would put him in the hot box again, because he knew Steve hated it more than almost anything else.  It was tiny and cramped and so hot, he thought his skin would melt off his body from the heat.  The thirst, though. That was the worst of it.  Thirst was like nothing else in the world, he thought.  Hunger was gnawing and then numb and weak. Familiar enough from when he was young, but thirst was all-consuming, like a bright beacon inside his head that wouldn’t stop.
A bauble, some trinket, a fine length of cloth, Steve remembered.  Patronage was public relations in its own way, Steve thought with a flash of insight as the carriage rolled forward through the gates, the heavy chains of his headdress swaying as they moved.   Another cheer went up, if possible, louder than the first, to Steve’s surprise and confusion.  It took a moment, and Cam’s enormous grin, for Steve to realize the adoration was aimed at him.  He looked around bemusedly as the crowd pressed forward, only to be rebuffed by the guards who rode along next to the carriage.  More flowers rained down, a few managing to fall inside the carriage at his feet.  Cam tossed a handful of copper coins, sending a score of children darting forward between the guards to collect them.
The water-cask was one of several similar barrels, all bearing different merchant marks, appeared the first morning he woke up on the beach, along with a long, silvery fish and several scallops, which had made a fine meal once he managed to get a fire going.  No small feat on such a waterlogged place. The creature had watched him in fascination for a while, finally floating up to the shoreline and making quick work of Steve’s rather poor attempt at using the friction from a couple of somewhat waterlogged sticks to get a flame going.  Turns out, if you have an extra six, very well muscled “hands”, this task is a lot easier.
, Steve remembered from one of the books he leafed through at the library, back when he was too embarrassed to check out something like that and have the librarian laugh at him behind his back.
“Riiiiight,” Pepper smirked.  “Nothing to do with it, um-humm.”
“Never again will I criticize the giant bunny,” Pepper said through laughs.
“Loving you has never been complicated, Tony,” Steve replied.  “That’s the easy part.  I just…don’t want you to get into something and then…then you’d feel obligated or, I don’t know, like you had to stay.  If it’s too much, you gotta promise me, you’ll say something. Walk away. I won’t hold it against you, Tony.  I wouldn’t do that.”
“It’s okay,” Tony said.  “I love you. Don’t,” Tony cut in quickly.  “Not yet. It’s okay. You fell for me once. Well, twice. Possibly three times, actually.  You’ll do it again.”
would not be doing my job if I allowed a security system to make you all complacent at night. So, starting Sunday, you’ll each be assigned to a patrol rotation,” Fury continued to speak as a groan rolled over the crowd. “There’s enough of you where we can do this in pairs, and a couple of pairs a night, so you’ll only have to do patrol about once a month. Assignments will usually be two older students paired with two younger ones. No, I don’t care if you already had plans. You can resell those concert tickets. Your date can reschedule. If it’s your birthday that night we’ll leave you a cupcake. The patrol assignments can only be altered if they conflict with some other academic purpose.”
A few months later, after a couple of small missions here and there, Tony thought about how he hadn’t seen the team in a while. The holiday season had already started, and maybe it was the hustle of the season, to prepare for gatherings and festivities with friends and family, that just made Tony miss the new teammates he had gained over the past year. A couple of weeks before Christmas, he decided to invite the team for an early holiday celebration.
Steve heard a scream - his own - let out involuntarily as the pressure of teeth tore into his side. A blur of a big dark mass was on top of him, and Steve took a hard swing of his shield to the creature’s forehead, causing it to release him and run off.
Toward the bottom of the slope, the tube hit a small hill, sending them slightly airborne. They landed on the ice with a bounce and slid to the right bank of the lake. With the distribution of weight, the tire lightly flipped on Steve’s side, tossing him into the fluffy snow on the shore, with Tony landing on top of him with a plop.
“And that fancy bamboo cutting board Chef Amelia was using to prepare her salad,” Sam called from the kitchen, finally giving in and making himself a meal after several hours of watching delicious food be prepared.
Steve spent the rest of the day in an anxious blur. Lots of time in the gym trying to punch and run his way to shake off the dream and the weird things that had been happening for the past several weeks. The weird dreams - let alone still not knowing how he ended up outside with cuts and no clothes. The way Tony was both avoiding and watching him. The growing feeling that he
That he lived with.
Curiosity got the better of Tony, and he joined them all on the couch. Tony’s plopping down on the couch was the only thing that seemed to break Steve’s concentration from the TV. He mumbled a quiet, “Oh hey, Tony” with a small blush behind the ears, as if he had a sudden awareness of where he was again. It was pretty adorable, Tony thought, getting comfortable and turning to the TV.
Loki raised an eyebrow. “Lovesick? Enchantress again?”
“Slowly. With baby steps. You are putting so many stakes on this that it will never happen if we don’t relieve some of that pressure,” Jan said, and when Tony looked at her he could tell the gears of her brain were fully in motion.
“Why?” Jan asked
“Thanks, Sam.”
A gift for Steve’s birthday. Steve was many things, including sentimental. Tony had pondered for weeks over the perfect gift for his boyfriend. He knew that while he could afford anything Steve would appreciate a personal gift thousand times more than just a valuable one.
Steve couldn’t believe what he was hearing. He felt like a dam in his chest had burst.
It hadn’t occurred to him until he was lying awake that night that he never finished asking Steve out.
it’s nothing like that at all. I - I -,” Tony stammered, feeling like the air had been punched out of him. “I promise you’ve done nothing wrong. The issue is with me.”
“I - I didn’t realize -” Tony stumbled for words, and Steve felt panic rise in his chest.
“Well I’ve loved you longer than that. Pretty much ever since we met.”
“Tony, we have to get down, there’s something at the gate.”
. An arrow zoomed over Steve’s head and into the chest of the AIM agent directly in front of him. The next second, a large slab of rock was hurled from behind him and crushed a few of the agents to his left. Taking the agent’s moment of hesitation, Steve raised his shield and tossed it.
Steve walked Tony to one of the smaller conference rooms, one that had the curtains closed so no one could see inside. Steve opened the door and gestured for Tony to enter. When Tony did, he saw an elaborate meal on full display. A table setting for two lay on the conference table, with a beautiful spread of food next to it. The harsh fluorescent lighting was replaced with many candles across the room. Soft music played in the background.
“Well no, I think you already dropped by the time he reentered the quad, but he first went to break up the fight between Loki and Scott before he noticed me hovering over you.”
From the closet corner of the quad, Loki walked over to where Tony was lying down in the grass.
The sounds of the forest were gone. No whooshing, no bikes, no smashing, no chaos of a pursuit in progress. He stopped and took a look around. Something wasn’t right. Steve couldn’t shake the feeling that he had eyes on him. He could feel his heart start to race. And suddenly, a searing pain in his left side as he was tackled down to the ground.
Steve begrudgingly eased himself into the pit.
his tsum asked.
“Now what are we going to do with you?” Tony said, looking at the ornament with a Black Widow logo on it. “I think you’d be great here,” Tony said as he placed the ornament on an open branch near the window. He then looked at an ornament designed like Steve’s shield, and smiled and put it toward the top of the tree.
Steve was quiet as he slowly opened the scrapbook and looked through it, pausing to admire the tickets and the program and the napkin and all the other mementos Tony had managed to fit in the book. “Tony, this is incredible, how did you get this all together?”
“Because between Hulk, Thor and Clint alone we’d need to make eight of them.”
Once they were settled in, Steve and Tony spent the rest of the day together on the couch, curled up in front of the fire as soft jazz played from the stereo. They both had their feet up on the large ottoman. Steve threw a blanket that had been on the back of the couch over both his and Tony’s legs.
“What was that?” Steve could hear Tony yell over the comms. “Everyone - where are you?”
Steve cleared his throat. “Uh - need some help?”
Steve stepped closer and got a better eye at the tree.
Steve had never even thought about the possibility that Tony could have feelings for him like that. He let out a whine, wishing he could talk. He had already cherished the bonds they had been building as a team and as friends - but more? The possibilities were endless, and Steve felt his heart swell. He was letting off happy grunts and began to wag his tail in excitement; for a second he had even forgotten that he was still a wolf.
Tony laughed as he could feel his heart do a little flip. He already had feelings for Steve, but now he could feel himself plunging deeper, falling for Steve more and more with each passing second. “Steve, I’m sure I’ll love it.”
“So . . . what the hell is that?” Tony whispered.
“Tony - “
Sore between tubing and the long hike, Tony changed and made his way to the hot tub when they got back, giving Steve an inviting glance as he exited to the yard. Steve quickly changed and joined Tony outside.
The third time Tony tried? Well, that had been the worst. Tony had been laying with Jan in the grass on the quad a couple of weeks later, enjoying a quiet and warm early spring day drinking iced coffee and eating some snacks. Tony rolled over onto his stomach and propped himself up onto his elbows to people watch.
“Blood pressure and heart rate seem normal but it seems sir has a fever. 101.5 degrees Fahrenheit.”
Steve remembered a passing comment Tony had once made at a gala.
“No idea. Big animal of some sort. It happened so fast and it was right on top of me and -”
They were laying in bed, Steve long asleep as Tony laid next to him in silence, wide awake staring at the ceiling. At least, Tony thought Steve was asleep.
“I’m literally not going to be able to watch you take the first bite.”
“Earlier this year it felt like we were really close - working on projects and missions together, hanging out, you even helped me run for class president. But we don’t do that anymore, not really. Not beyond the class time and work that we have to do together. You used to tease me and joke around with me a lot more. I promise that didn’t bother me - I liked it, but - it just feels like you’re holding back, I guess?” Steve confessed, as Tony’s head began to spin as he was processing what Steve was saying.
“How about this - go over to that side of the quad. When Steve comes back around, wave him over. It’s Steve. He’s gonna stop to go talk to you. Then just chat briefly, and say you’d like to hang out with him soon. Like maybe grab a burger and then some drinks at Club A.
“Yes, Sir,” Steve responded.
Steve blushed as he realized how loudly his tail was wagging happily against the couch cushion.
“What do you mean, Sam?”
“Hiya, Tony! What brings you out here?” Steve asked.
“We’re at the back of the campus, by Groot’s Grove, what was that?” Tony could hear Kate shout.
Tony was uploading footage of the training session as the team packed their gear to go change for dinner. Steve removed his cowl, and put his shield on his back as he walked over to Tony.
“What are we looking for -” Tony tried to ask before getting shushed by Steve. Steve quietly eyed the stairs near the ball pit, slowly climbing up. He motioned for Tony to join him.
Steve snapped out of his thoughts to see a cup of hot chocolate in front of his face, and as he took it he looked up to see fluffy snowflakes falling past the window. Tony sat down on the couch and cuddled right beside Steve.
And then to leave Tony behind, not knowing if they’d ever see him again?
Steve slowly woke up to the sound of Tony’s voice, and a gentle shake of his shoulder.
Tony looked around the room. While the doctor had been examining him Steve had set up a humidifier, gathered a supply of cough drops, some vapor rub, a stack of tissues and some hand sanitizer. The tsums were organizing a row of over the counter medicines for whatever Tony might need as Steve was folding a blanket.
, Steve-tsum replied.
“You know it’s mean to make an old man like me do sports,” Tony said, clinging to Steve’s arm.
His teammate.
“You’re just making an excuse, you want to watch me scramble around in there.”
He felt the wind on his fur, heard the crunch of sticks and leaves as he sprinted across the woods, running over rocks and around the trees, jumping over small streams. Just running, running, running.
Steve found a weak point, a part that connected the axels to the interior of the tank.
She slightly grimaced. “Uhh -”
It broke Steve’s heart.
The third time Steve had returned, it had been ahead of the 4th of July celebrations. Given how recent the Battle of New York had been, it had been determined that it would be a boost for public morale for Captain America to celebrate Independence Day - and his birthday - back in New York.
Steve cupped Tony’s face reassuringly. “Tony, I’m fine. The armor - it worked!”
Tony turned over his shoulder and smiled. “Oh hi, Cap. Of course you can help! The more the merrier. Figured this would be easier to do without the usual whirlwind of the team around, but I could always use a hand.”
Steve and Tony both jumped back as the balls began to uncurl and what should have been a pit of plastic balls turned into a pit of chirping beans that looked suspiciously familiar.
He hoped he might have just opened the door to invite Tony to ask.
The second time, it had been during one of their frequently occurring study sessions. This term, they were both in a class that covered adapting technology on the battlefield. Professor Pym had been adamant about assigning group projects this semester and paired Tony and Steve together, going in alphabetical order.
Steve softly smiled. “Of course I want you, Tony. I’ve wanted you for a long time now.” Steve leaned down to kiss Tony again, more sweetly this time, and as they began to undress each other the rapid momentum from a few moments prior had shifted into something slower, more tender. Tony didn’t want to scare Steve away. Steve handled Tony with care as if he were afraid Tony would break. The kissing, caressing and prepping shifted into a passionate embrace, Steve whispering Tony’s name over and over as he smoothly thrusted into him, leaving love bites along Tony’s neck.
“J said they seem fine to eat this.”
Steve moved his hands away from his eyes.
“We ran into Star Lord, Gamora and the rest of their friends, they were carrying boxes of snacks, walking out toward Groot’s Grove,” Kate replied, crossing her arms and clearly over patrol.
Steve laughed and put his face in his hands. “I should change my hero name to ‘awkward nightmare’.”
Tony snapped to attention and reached for Steve’s arm. “
“Bruce, would you like to help me look for a gift for Jane? I’d love to bring her back something from New York.”
“You could probably get Nat to go.”
to say is that if you ever need to talk, if
“Yeah, I think so. Thank you Tony, for finding me again.” Steve took a hand and softly caressed the side of Tony’s face.
Tony jumped up and ran into the Iron Man armor, as Steve grabbed his gear. Tony wrapped an arm around Steve’s waist as they jumped off the roof of Stark Tower. They dropped quickly, Steve grabbing tightly onto Tony. They landed at the front gate with a heavy thud.
“Huh?”
The next few days got weirder and weirder. Steve’s nights were filled with wild feverish dreams of sprinting through the woods, running through streams and hiding behind trees. He woke up feeling like utter garbage, and his days were spent with a low but ongoing migraine. His head hurt; when he went to the kitchen the smells of everything were too much; and he had a nagging pull in his gut - beyond any lingering pain from almost fully healed bite - that just told him something was
“Huh?” Tony asked, snapping to attention.
“What? When?!”
“Tsum?”
“What?” Steve asked.
. Not team captain, not super hero, no carrying the weight of the world on his shoulders - just Steve.
“Can you imagine if you had just done that and I still didn’t know this was a date? I would have died on the spot,” Steve joked, which caught Tony by surprise with a huge laugh.
Steve parked in the driveway as they exited the car and brought their luggage inside. Rustic but still modern - it was clear the log cabin was a smart house (Steve didn’t expect less from Tony) and the inside looked like it had come straight from a magazine.
The blue beans looked like Steve in uniform, head wings and all, small shields getting put on their backs. The red ones looked like the Iron Man armor.
“Happy birthday, Steve.”
Tony felt his stomach flip as Steve continued to talk. Both of the younger students hesitated to respond.
“Why does he even wanna cook so bad?”
They rented ice skates, and made their way onto the ice. Tony knew how to ice skate, but admittingly hadn’t done it in, well, a couple decades. Still rusty, he wobbled and grabbed for Steve’s arm a few times trying not to fall.
“Oh I don’t really need anything -”
“Of course! When did you have in mind?”
Steve also opened up the message. He felt a small jolt from his heart when he saw his name under Tony’s. But he quickly tried to lower his own expectations. He still couldn’t get a feel for why Tony was acting so strangely around him.
“You sure you don’t mind spending your birthday doing photo ops and media appearances?” Tony asked, looking through Steve’s schedule with concern. “It is your birthday after all.”
“Run!” Steve screamed as they came down upon them. The children bolted.
“I can’t get involved with whatever is happening.”  Bruce said quickly.  “There are innocent people here and I’m too much of a liability. I can feel him pounding, I don’t have much time.”  Bruce said straining to keep control.
Tony brought in Rhodey, of course, and made him swear confidentiality against the government. Rhodey was ready to disagree vehemently. However, after a thorough briefing of the Calamity case, he reluctantly agreed.
“They were breathtaking!” Steve gushed as Peter blushed a bit.
To be honest he was definitely looking forward to meeting the woman that made Howard want to settle.
“Indeed.” She laughed.
She led him through a series of doors before stopping in front of a room labeled M. Rogers. He did not like the look of five suits lurking about.
“Great.” He finally said after a moment. “You have advanced healing like Steve. You’ll survive the flight back to the tower without all this.” He said gesturing to the equipment.
All that pain, physical and nonphysical, started to recede and become numb. That was until the pain in Steve’s abdomen reared its ugly head again making him cry out suddenly, causing a massive coughing fit. The pressure receded for a moment before becoming more forceful. Steve saw Bucky’s hands on his abdomen where he was bleeding out. At first he thought Bucky meant to finish the job before realizing his palms were flat against his chest applying pressure to stave off the bleeding.
Oh look! There's anger.
"Okay Dumbass, it's time to really get down and dirty. Bet I can kill more than you." He challenged. "Already killed 158 of them."
Steve laughed, “Of course I'll show you. Mind you it’s not much yet.” Steve said standing from his seat.
“Yeah, and it’s easily petabytes of coding.” Tony stated forlornly.
Tony made his way down to the shooting range all the while resolutely avoiding the curious glances of his teammates he had passed along the way.
“What’s next Captain?” Ben asked standing unsteadily.
Scott, Johnny and Ben made a complete recovery and the only thing they had to report was funny dreams about prancing pink bunny and unicorn hybrids that liked to eat people. Other than that they were perfectly healthy.
He was a bit surprised at himself. He didn’t expect to be so forward. It’s just so ridiculously amazing that he could do something like that, freely and on a whim even. Without so much as a repercussion like a slap in the face or an air of revulsion. It was just instincts, something pure yet passionate. He loved her so much.
Clint began laughing like a madman. “Yeah? Figures. I do like how she pretty much had you folded up like a pretzel yesterday.”
So much for sleeping soundly tonight.
“No! It’s time you shut up and listen to me!” She cut him off sharply. Tony gulped audibly. “The universe is in trouble, Tony! The UNIVERSE!” She shouted causing Tony to flinch. “I know this whole situation is shit, I really do. But hating on S-Barnes is helping no one right now.”
“Now that was fun.” Tony stated as he stepped out of his suit.  He told Jarvis to take care of ‘it’ then the suit began to walk away on its own.
With that Steve’s face darkened the men silly. He began to stutter,
Did they know?
Was she cruel? Benevolent? Both? Why couldn't he think of anything useful to ask her? He still didn't know hardly anything about her, he didn't even know her name…
(See the end of the chapter for
“You sent this?”
She sighed, "I am sorry that each of you had to witness this. It is not an easy thing to bear witness to." She spoke of louder so all could hear her. "But it was in fact very necessary. You needed to bear witness to exactly what I am capable of."
"Three-"
“See Steve, I’m no better than you.” He thought with pride. Then he felt utterly stupid for taking pride in such a thing. He groaned to himself still mindful of security as he made his way back out of the building.
"Indeed, I think the hardest part was pulling all the strings that led your long-lost brother back into your path. I knew the guilt would consume you. Still, it wasn't enough. Leading you to believe that your mate was unfaithful to you took a bit of good timing. Finally, by that point your mind and heart were falling apart, yet, it still wasn't enough."
We were walking the Woodlands together, she was gathering various plants for sustenance when it happened. A sharpened projectile had sailed through the air and found purchase in her head, penetrating her brain. She was dead before I could even comprehend what had happened.
“So Cap, how was Asgard?”
“Please do.” She sighed comfortably.
The nurse must of saw his weary glance at them because she emitted a soft laugh spoke up, "It's for her protection, courtesy of Mr. Stark."
“What… is it?” He asked hesitantly all too ready to get this over with.
Steve shook his hand firmly and his gaze fell to the glowing blue object on the man's chest. Steve couldn't resist asking.
“Eleanor! Walk don’t run.” Peggy admonished.
“Yeah it was.”  Agreed Steve as he, along with Tony, started walking toward their assigned quarters.
“I never saw it that way! So, if you’re willing to see an alternative way of seeing things then good things may come out of unexpected places too!”
“Good morning, Babydoll. Did you sleep well?” He whispered into her hair as he pulled her all the way into the bed with him.
Tony took his hand instantly and hauled Steve up to his feet. "You all right there, buddy? You look like you're about to kill over."
Tony knows how much he hates to be controlled and confined.  And he especially hated when people hid things from him and lied to his face.  Which he now realized, that was exactly what everybody was doing.  Something was going on and they weren’t telling him about it, “for his own good.”
“You nearly died you idiot!”  He could no longer contain the tears that now spilled from his eyes. “Do you know how horrible it was to watch you dive into…” He inhaled sharply. “I nearly lost you!”  He said finally in a whisper.
"Oh, no, dear Anthony. The souls remain perfectly intact and unharmed within me."
“No! Not without you!” Tony’s response resounded through him like a lightning bolt.
“Tell me! If you had an honest to God choice, would you have killed my parents? Would you have killed Howard and Sarah Maria Stark!?”
A/N: How did you like this one? Leave me a review and let me know. I definitely cried while writing the last few pages of this one. There are tears stains in my notebook where the ink bled and smeared. Not that much further to go now. The only real question left to be answered now is how will this all come to an end. Will this story have a happy ending or will it end in bittersweet melancholy. Only one way to find out.
“Well-“
Tony found Steve pacing yet again in his quarters.
“Or, how about joining the Army?”
Just over the Rhododendron's left shoulder he could see Captain America's shield come in at an alarming speed. Barnes must have thrown it with his left arm. At the rate it was going it would lop the bunny's head clean off and continue on for miles more. And because of Tony's close proximity to the bunny he was able to see the exact moment when the Rhododendron's hidden force field suit activated, making the shield bounce off him harmlessly and sail over a few blocks, several thousand meters away.
“Okay, here it is.” He took a deep breath. “It was hell, plain and simple. You have no idea what I would have rather gone through instead of watch, front row seat, as I killed my friends. As I did innumerable things to ensure Loki had his way. Consciously, I questioned nothing. If Loki commanded it, it was done. Simple as that. If he told me to knife myself in the heart I would have done it instantaneously, without hesitation.” He bit his lips and wiped stray sugar, the corner of his mouth. He looked Tony right in the eye and continued.
“Bullshit! I’m close!” Shouted Tony, rising from his seat.
“I know it’s difficult for you to trust anybody with something so important to you, please…” He whispered not willing to shattered the moment. He leaned in and pressed a tender kiss to his lips as if to seal his promise. He pulled away slightly. “Please trust me.” His voice was near a whisper.
“Okay, for the record Steve, you are incapable of making a rational decision on a normal day, let alone after the crazy shit that happened in San Jose.” Bucky drawled.
He just barely grabbed the ledge of the window.  He nearly slipped as darkness obscured his vision.  He was barely hanging on with his right hand.  He tried to haul himself over the window but every time he used his legs to assist him he howled in agony.
“It must be.” Clint raised an eyebrow at him expectantly.
“Quit being such a baby and come here.” She held out her arms to him.
She nodded exuberantly as he lifted her from the bed and situated her on his hip as he stealthily left the room. He remained mindful of the squeaky floor boards as he descended the stairs to the kitchen.
"How long have you been here?" He asked, allowing Natasha to rest his head in the crook of her neck.
“Yep! He was so beautiful and he flew up so high in the clouds! Did you know the clouds are actually made of cotton candy!?”
Tony's only response was to bite down on his bottom lip resolutely resolved to allow nothing to distract him. He hooked together his face plate and arc reactor to what he had already managed to assemble. He repurposed the HUD into the function the tablet provided. He then deftly attached is deconstructed gauntlets using the focusing power of his repulser technology to act as a makeshift spatial disorder. He had already plugged that part into an iridium core he salvaged from the original device.
“What are you saying!? What do you mean ‘what time you have left??’” He demanded almost shrilly, grabbing onto Steve’s shoulders. It took so much effort not to shake the answer out of him.
"Sir, each and every anti-Calamity device is synced and activated." Jarvis alerted.
“Ah! You’re a jerk, don’t make me laugh!”
Soon enough due to the extreme stress of the day; they both fell into a light sleep.  Of course such peace can only last so long.
“We’ll get started!”
“Hey Pep, what have you come to badger me with today? Or did you just want to give me a nice view of that lacy number?” He said gesturing up her skirt.
Tony wasn’t going to bring it up but he was definitely afraid for Steve.
“Try to eat whatever you can stomach, not alcohol or coffee please.” Steve sighed as Tony laughed.
No pressure.
“Well, I’m pretty sure you know the worst of them at this point. Unless you want to know the graphic details of how I lost my virginity, then I’m good to go.” Barnes replied slyly.
Why?! Why this way? Why was he the one who had to carry this burden on his shoulders? Why was he the one who had to endure this sacrifice? Was it punishment for the things that he did and said? How had it all come to this?!
"It's heading for a group of straggling evacuees." Barton added.
"How can this be real?" He whispered to himself. "I know I've drawn this man and his armor. What is happening?"
“Tell me, how functional are you?” Tony asked suddenly.
“This is what she wants Steve!”
“Give me a moment! Jarvis, any suggestions?”
"That'll be four dollars."
“That’s why I love you JARVIS. Keep me posted.” Tony smiled and turned his attention back to Steve.
"I-I do love you, Ellie." He said grabbing his head.
Steve paused, ‘Yeah I know I just thought that.’  He thought.
“Tony, don’t joke like that. That is no way to live.”
“Daddy, I want to paint Rocky a girlfriend!”
Horrifyingly enough the opportunity had arisen later that afternoon. It was breaking news over every channel, network and station. The vice president had been assassinated along with his entire family. The shooter had been identified as the very same assassin that took out Senator Wolfram and Colonel Nick Fury Director of Shield, the Winter Soldier.
Steve hauled the fabric back over his right shoulder then gestured to the boy to hand him the crate in his left. Steve deftly heaved the crate on to his left shoulder, leaving the teenage boy slack-jawed and dumbfounded.
“Ha! Guess the right conditions have finally been met, then.” Tony mused absently, then froze.
“Well a greater cause always brings the misfits together.” Steve replied.
He does truly understand why Tony and the others are doing it.  He hates it.  He hates getting left in the dark only to be blindsided later on.  Tony knows how he hates that.  Yet he’s doing it.
“I couldn’t trust them. My team that was sent to find you had direct orders from the president to kill you on site. To seek and destroy was their exact order.” Steve thought back to the transmission he heard on the Shield radio he borrowed from Coulson. It was that very order that cemented his decision to defect. “I was banned from active duty and not allowed to participate in that mission. I knew they were wrong, that you didn’t do what they said you did. No one was going to listen to me based on a hunch.”
“Why was that your decision?”
“Steve already made that decision for you.” Bucky sighed, wiping his own face free of the tears. “If it’s any consolation, he’d be satisfied knowing it was you who pulled the trigger.”
Moments later Ellie bounded down the stairs having donned a little pair of Mary Janes.
Tony was certain Steve made him all hot on purpose just to pull away to smirk at him and remind him they had to take it easy. Fucking tease.
I would also like to apologize for any and all errors. I am dyslexic and can’t see them all.
Tommy shyly held out his hand to the little girl and she took it immediately.
"Stark!" Scarlet Witch called out. "The portal is no longer closing!"
Ellie began laughing heartily.
Tony stared at the soldier’s door uncertain on how to proceed.
Tony’s vision blurred and his chest began to hurt and burn. Just when he thought he was going to pass out he heard Barnes’s irritating voice.
“Never better.” He hummed into her dark locks.
(See the end of the chapter for
He idly thought back to one of his last encounters with Calamity, she said it was only going to get worse. Fury had said something similar.
The giant zapper was becoming unstable now that the crazy guy was no longer controlling it.  If a blew up it could take out the whole city.
Steve observed how excited Ellie got over the prospect of hearing someone play the piano for her. He could not help the warm fuzzy feeling he got learning that his baby doll loves art and music. So much like him and her grandmother.
He flinched away from her not quite knowing what to expect.
“You’re not dead…” Tony replied quietly, his voice barely above a whisper.
He took one last look at his dismal work and turned on his heel and left the barn. The paintings and drawings were all but forgotten about for the rest of the night as he spent the last of his evening in domestic bliss with his adoring family. Nothing was more important.
He checked for a pulse. When he found none he checked for a heartbeat, pressing his ear to her unmoving chest.
Thor brightened at that. “You, my friend, have the best ideas!” He shouted.
Steve nodded forlornly.
“Let him in.” Fury Stated giving a voice command.
Oh, how he wanted to headbutt him right now.
'Dammit!' He thought harshly.
Steve only nodded his eyes a somber blue gray.
Deep in the heart of a frozen wasteland, inside of a long forgotten facility, a short rotund silhouette paced idly in the dusty halls.
Steve watched as Bucky took a deep breath and slowly turned his attention to him. The moment they finally made eye contact felt like an enormous weight had been lifted and that he could breathe again. They stared like that for some time before Bucky broke their silence.
The more they moved the more his muscles tensed. He could feel goosebumps emerge as he began to break out in a cold sweat. Bucky looked at him concerned. All Steve could do was give him a look that he hoped convey that he was fine but stay alert. He could not trust his voice; he was sure if he dared to utter a single word it would have come out as a panicked squeak.
“Have you been fully briefed?”
Without any further ado, on with the show!
Barnes sighed. "Two reasons. He was an amicable to you. If he really hated you, even on a subconscious level, you would have been met with much more hostility. I know how he is when he really dislikes someone. It's painfully obvious, he can't hide his disdain well."
Bucky eyed him, lost.
“Looks like I am not the only one who tends to ignore his own health needs.” Tony said nodding to the crutch.
“Anyway I have an approximate ETA on the decryption.”
This is probably going to be the distraction he was looking for.  He hates that it unfortunately comes about by something wrong that he has to take care of.
"That's just it, Calamity is what we called you because we didn't know who or what you were. I'm sorry I didn't think to ask before now. You do have a name, don't you?"
“Well, how about you be the judge of that after I draw it.” He suggested with a smirk.
"What!?" The Rhododendron shouted in disbelief. "That's impossible!"
“Sort of? Not really, it’s complicated.”
“You’ll remember what I said?” She asked grabbing his chin.
Tony yawned deeply.
“How do you mean, Sweetie?”
Just before the soldier turned to leave he flicked a small bolt at Tony and hit him square in the forehead.
“We were all hoping we imagined that. It’s even worse that the guy got away.” Tony groaned.
Bucky laughed bitterly. “He said he watched her leave your room like she used to. Like she had been thoroughly fucked.” He bit. There was something like a hint of doubt underneath his malice, however.
“You know Cap, that’s a very sexy technique you got there. Though I’m sure I could give you a few pointers.”
"What happened?! Angie? Is she okay?!"
Upon further analysis, the microchips acted as neurotransmitters sending the soldiers neurological commands to the cybernetic arm creating a complex system of precise dexterity.
“You were thinking about something deep and heartbreaking from your past.” Tony uttered softly. Steve blinked again shocked this time.
Before he even knew it, Rockaway Beach manifested into view. The sandy shore was illuminated by the somber light of the moon.
Steve looked over at Tony questioningly but the genius gestured for him to continue to watch. The Captain looked back at the display thoroughly intrigued.
“So you really want to know what’s happening?” He asked darkly.
And if what Thor said is true every life in the entire world is at stake, they’re going to need all the help they could get. The X-men are definitely not going to like the news though.
“Y-you’re dying??”
“She never looked toward any camera so at best we have this partial of her face. She avoided surveillance skillfully.” Natasha stated. She stopped to allow the others to get a good look at her.
Iron Man slowly got up to his feet and face the Captain. Steve felt Bucky come up behind him and at a quick glance saw that he was in possession of his shield.
“Okay, repeat that one more time, please! I don’t think I heard you right. I mean, you’re doing great up there and-and I can hear you but I just want to make sure I was hearing you right!” Peter spoke up with his hand in the air.
“Ha! There’s at least a spark, but definitely no fire.”
And then that thread snapped.
“You are built like Steve, you would feel mild buzzing at most. I have it calibrated as close as possible to him but I need to adjust it to you since you are the one that’s going to use it.” Tony replied getting snarky.
He’s usually not this out of it. But considering the circumstances, he feels he should get a pass. He kissed Peggy and Ellie before heading upstairs.
“Ah, that’s why…”
This action then served to attract billionaire’s attention further.  Almost immediately the Captain’s eyes lit up.
Natasha rolled her eyes and muttered, “Children.”
*~0~*
Three officials were standing in the doorway unaware of the occupants of the elevator until they looked up utterly shocked.
“Oh come on Cap, you are going to go to Asgard. That’s kind of nuts and awesome you know. I just wanted to see how you are doing.” Tony replied excitedly.
A/N: And another one bites the dust. This took way too long to write and edit. It's still a little janky but overall I feel like it turned out okay. Only a few chapters left. I hope you all read and stay with me to the very end.
“Alright!” Everyone kind of jumped at Fury’s sudden bark.
One of the most surprising changes is the world’s tolerance for homosexuality.  Sure there is still much prejudice in the world concerning these subjects, but there is far more tolerance and acceptance now then there ever was back then.
“Don’t try, it’s written on your face and all over your behavior. Whatever you feel for this person is strong. This person means the world to you and you have no idea what to do about it. You hide yourself away trying to avoid the whole mess in front of you. You’re so full of self-doubt and self-loathing you’re afraid of messing it up, afraid that they would eventually realize they made a mistake and afraid to put yourself out there on the line to expose yourself only to get burned. So, you hide, hoping that they decide you’re not worth the effort and leave. Just so you can sit back and say ‘See it wouldn’t have ever worked out anyway.’” She sighed when Tony became visibly distraught.
All comments and theories welcome!
50 years?
After that the others were of his current team. He had one of Natasha laughing at a pouty Clint during a movie night and one of Bruce sipping his morning tea while reading a newspaper. He smiled brokenly at these long forgotten domestic scenes. He turned the page again to find Thor amid epic gesture as he told of grand tales from his world. Next was a comic of Fury pointing directly at the viewer stating “I’ve got my eye on you.” With Maria and Colson in the background making silly faces behind his back. Steve stared bemused at that one for a moment recalling the hectic day that had inspired that drawing.
Sometime after Tony had passed out in his arms Steve carried him to his room and tucked him in.  He proceded to track down the remaining members of his team to see how they were doing.  He made sure each and every one of them were in a more or less sound state of mind, at least as much as possible in these grisly circumstances.  He tried his best to give comfort where he could hoping none were too eager to give up just yet.
Then he noticed something peculiar. From the mother's large gnarled beak, foul acrid drool leaked out onto the pavement below. Tony realized with a start that it was caustic, eating through the pavement into the soft earth underneath. The fumes coming off of it was starting to accumulate and corrode the objects nearest it. Cars, streetlights, rubble and even some of the exterior of certain buildings seem to start to melt.
“Here, help yourself.” He said as he handed it over.
When he gets those kinds of thoughts in his head there’s no deterring them.
Just as he said that Dumm-E rolled by with the fire extinguisher and made sure to thoroughly douse Tony with flame retardant before moving on. Tony emitted a long-suffering sigh and Pepper laughed despite herself.
Tony eyed him queerly, the soldier now holding the genius’s full attention. He began moving the wand about again, this time watching Barnes closely. The soldier pressed his mouth together tightly and was staring at his right hand in utter determination.
“You can’t hear me.”  Steve declared finally with grim absolution.
His mind felt so heavy he couldn't focus.
Bucky leapt to the man and snagged a cinch wire he spotted and whirled around on the fifth agent, wrapping the wire around his neck as he simultaneously used him as a shield against Rumlow.
“How was I supposed to know that would happen?!”
Tony looked unconvinced.
“Not as done as I am!” He called back striding out the door.
“Which world was that?” Clint piped up surprisingly.
Ever.
Oh to kiss him was not the only thing he discovered he wanted to do with Tony.  He had always had the desire to pull Tony close into a deep and warm embrace. To hold him as close as he could to his own body.
Steve did not know how long he was suspended in the darkness for. It could have been hours or mere minutes. He could not tell which way was up or down, forwards or backwards. Everything, or should he say nothing, was just there in its empty blackness.
End Chapter 30
“What can I say? It’s a guilty pleasure.” Stark said and finally joined in the laughter.
‘Good.’ He thought bitterly.
Natasha and Clint had provided very detailed back grounds on most of the victims. With the added information, Tony inputted it into a special algorithm he developed to find any type of pattern or connection to the victims. He currently had JARVIS operating it searching out clues to this ominous mystery.
“Okay-“
“Now, you can change the camera angles and zoom in and out with those controls there.” Tony indicated.
"The fucking rabbit destroyed one of the spatial distortion units!" Barnes replied over the coms as he ran up to Tony.
Steve, still full of doubts and insecurities plus many thoughts that he still needed to mull over, just nodded in response after a moment of looking at Tony with such a soft smile on his face. He gave him a curt nod and decidedly started a brisk walk down the corridor.  Leaving Tony to enter the lab and continuing to work with Bruce on their simulations.
“Please do not misunderstand. It is not that I do not want to help, it is that I am unable to help.” She replied regretfully.
Peter nodded enthusiastically, “Yeah what did you think of them??”
I apologies for any and all errors.
He sighed again.
“Yup, yep, hmmhmm. Sure…” Tony said in a trancelike state as he left.
Tony looked upon the Captain with an unreadable expression.
‘Fascinating people… The worry and chaos… hmm’ the Professor was gathering information using his own methods. He was getting an overall feel of every one on the ship and the general tone and atmosphere of the situation.
"I know, I'm sorry, Babydoll. I'm so sorry but Tony is out there somewhere and I need to get to him."
His voice now held a robotic quality to it as he spoke through the suit.
It was not enough to soothe my grief, however. So, I hunted down their kin and killed them as well.
I love you so much Tony.
The facility appeared to pretty much be evacuated.  Captain America listened intently for any sounds of chaos emitted from the building.  He crept down various halls and corridors in search of the two remaining robots.  As he found himself deeper into the laboratories, robot shaped holes started appearing in the ceilings and floors and walls.  He began to navigate them to the best of his abilities.  It eventually led him to what appeared to be the power station of the laboratory.
The genius glared up at him best he could through bouts of gagging and coughing. Suddenly, Clint, Sam and Rhodey were coming up on him. Out of the corner of his eyes he could see the girl, Scarlet Witch, helping Peter to his feet.
“Sir, Mr. Barton is requesting entry.” Jarvis’s voice rang out.
Tony caught up to Steve in no time.  Of course the Captain was as cool as a cucumber just diving through the air as if he was made for it.  Tony flew down below Steve so the Captain could land on his back.  As soon as Steve was secure on Ironman’s back he whacked Tony on the back of his head with his shield.
They made their way back towards the hole and to the Franken-distorter. Barnes guarded Tony best he could as they evaded doom bot attacks. Their allies, realizing Tony was making a move for the distorters, came to cover them as well.
“Nat, he killed my parents! My mother.”
“Steve, I’m pretty sure we’re just as fucked as you are. You should really just spend the time you got left doing something fun. Go relax on the beach or something.” Bucky drawled out.
“Hey! I’m not that bad!” Steve protested.
“Okay! God, you’re such a jerk!” Steve said as Bucky released him.
Without any further ado, on with the show!
Afterwards Gloria had gotten into lots of trouble and ended up in a youth correctional facility till she was twenty-one. Jimmy ended up with his aunt in Alaska. Bethany’s older sister, Laura Mae Wiltkins, graciously allowed him into her life after the death of the douche bag.”
Back to be chained up.
And so it was that humans, mutants and aliens alike for the first time stood together under one incredible banner, Earth’s Mightiest Heroes, the Avengers.
From the corner of his eye he could see Steve cross his arms around himself uncomfortably.
Steve smiled at him and waited patiently for Tony to get back to the story.
Just when things really started looking up the universe had to intervene and give him a rude awakening.
“Okay, I’m going to attach this to the back of your neck now.” Tony slowly approached the soldier. Bucky made a few more adjustments to the cameras as Tony slowly moved the soldiers dark hair out of the way to expose his neck. “It may be a little cold.” He said and gently stuck the device on his neck. “Okay, step one done. How do you feel?”
“One of these days, Tony.” She sighed. “Come here.” She pulled him into a hug. “Really, Tony, think about it.” She whispered.
For a moment, he truly mourned… it really would have been a beautiful life…
“She said we have more or less a month to figure it out.”
“You had initiated your ‘Do not disturb’ protocol, Sir.”
“She got you too?” Steve asked slowly unperturbed. Clint blinked at him.
Steve was definitely head over heels gone for this guy.
Steve mused at how easy it was to please her.
Now he was eyeing Tony queerly.
That headache was back more fierce than ever.  Because of his enhanced metabolism taking painkillers has become literally a thing of the past.  Seriously, a normal dose would do diddley squat and three hundred more doses on top of that would barely scratch the surface.
Eighteen, that was all that was left of them.  For the last few weeks there had been fifty eight people in and out of the compound, now they were less than twenty.
“Nooo… How do you think I discovered their shocking abilities!?” Clint snapped sarcastically.
Steve turned to look at her with shock and horror.
The genius turned to Steve to find the Captain with a look of pure mirth and elation on his face despite his injuries.
This is where we find our favorite genius now, preparing the OR to receive Barnes and install the new upgraded hardware. He gingerly placed each mechanism and part down in precise order on a steel table next to the operating station. He was going over the physical procedure in his mind as he mentally catalogued all of the parts over and over again.
"Look what I've got!" Angie hollered triumphantly, holding out Princess Avalon.
He turned around abruptly in an attempt to get his head on straight. He could feel this escalating into a ridiculous insult match.
"But he was conscious."
Steve thought how fitting it would be to go like this. He thought of all the ways he would likely die since finding out he was the keystone. He thought of meeting his end by his own hand, by Calamity, or by attempting to save the world. Somehow Bucky taking his life felt the most comforting. If this was the end he’d be happy and honored that it would be by the hand of his best friend and brother.
Steve continued dejectedly, “Everyone is treating me differently, like I’m fragile.  Everyone.  My team won’t look me in the eye and Tony flat out refuses to acknowledge my presence.  It hurts, all of it!  I just wish someone could explain it to me.”  The Captain spoke barely above a whisper.
Bucky had already grabbed the pack and began rifling through it.
The figure chuckled darkly.
“This is internment! It’s no way to live!”
She led him to her writing desk where a number of art tools were strewn about and a few stray drawings that she had been working on were visible.
Without any further ado on with the show.
“It’s all based on unique reoccurring patterns they found by observing astronomy, the cube, and nature itself. The universe is comprised of these patterns that occur when certain elements interact with one another. They manifest in sequences like the helix formula, Fibonacci numbers, golden ratio, divine proportions, and fractals.” He explained as he continued to type.
Why did he not trust him?
Ellie looked up at him concerned. Steve looked down and saw the frown on her face.
He swallowed thickly.
“From what Scott told me witnesses stated seeing a raven haired woman walk the halls of the school.  After talking to two of the students they had collapsed almost a minute later.  Logan had witnessed the second child collapse and had rushed in to attack the intruder recklessly.”  Hank stopped for a moment visibly aged by the predicament.
She looked up at him apologetically.
"I do not have that kind of power."
“You should tell him about all of the latest ones.” Wanda interjected.
“No, it’s not like that, it’s… It’s beyond complicated.” Steve sighed again. Beyond complicated was a massive understatement.
“Okay, just watch.” Tony said as he put on a funny looking pair of glasses that had strange wires that curled around his head.
“I don’t know.”
“So what does the ghost want?”  Steve asked.
He had just finished his own investigation of the incident.
And so he began to climb.  For a moment he wondered if only he had flying abilities like Thor and Tony or even Sam.  That’d be nice right about now.  Then he wouldn’t have to take the stairs.  He couldn’t help but feel utterly useless if something as stupid as stairs could get in between him and his team.  Ridiculous.
“Okay! As you can see I am behind you out of direct view but very visible on the cameras.”
Barnes smirked and pulled another gun from his arsenal and with rapidfire precision, that could rival Clint, took down eight more. "166." He replied. "Try to keep up with me." He winked then bounded off shooting down any in his site.
“Stop looking at me like that! It’s not my fault.”
As he did he gasped. The Directors reaction caused everyone else to stop and focus on Thor. What they found sent chills down every one else’s spine.
After completing a satisfactory drawing of Rocky they decided to try their hand at illustrating their favorite fairy tales. Steve put down the pink colored pencil he was using to color in a princess dress and spoke to Ellie.
Hope you all stay tuned for the next chapter and of course as always; all questions, comments and theories welcome.
The Captain flinched back and held up his shield, not sure what to expect from her. Especially after watching her easily take out Johnny and Ben. Steve peeked around his shield when nothing happened. He saw a look of disbelief on the woman’s face. Apparently whatever she meant to do to him didn’t work.
Barnes bit his lip, desperately trying to force back is wretched emotions.
Hard… Adamant… Iron.
Natasha and Clint shared a look between each other.
'What is going on!? This can't be goodbye!'
He shakes his head and begins his search for the nearest common room. He started preparing himself a few sandwiches and can’t help but to berate himself a bit. The world may very well come to an end and he’s getting himself worked up over a crash. ‘Come on! Pull yourself together Rogers.’ He thought to himself as he licks his fingers clean of a bit of mayo that got on them. Little did he know he had company.
"Yeah, it's a total losing battle against a celestial God, but I'll fight it anyway." Barton added with a grunt as he attempted to roll over.
He grabbed the broken man and pulled him in close and held him tightly. Steve ran his hand through Tony's hair soothingly. Tony stiffened at first then relaxed a little. Steve did not know what to say, he wanted to tell the man that he forgave him and that he loved him so much as he felt his soul scream at him to do so.
“All right everyone, the world’s not ending yet. Suit up!”
A/N: And so another chapter has come and gone. I really hope you all have enjoyed this chapter as I had enjoyed writing it. Don’t worry, there is still more yet to come. We all still need to figure out what ever had become of the twins, what Tony chooses to do now after finding out the truth about his parents, and how will Tony figure out how to use Calamity’s code. And don’t forget Steve on the other side just on the cusp of remembering where he came from. We have all that and more coming up, so stay tuned.
To Steve’s utter annoyance Tony still calls him that infernal nick name. “I’ll get right on that. JARVIS?”
The man startled and took several steps back putting his hands up placatingly.
“… suicidal idiot!”
There was this one house that I’d ride my bike by.  It was a small and cozy looking cottage and the kids always ran around looking too happy.
“Nah Uh, you are going to sit. Right. Here.”  Tony countered as he directed Steve to a chair by his work table.
Over the past few months, surprisingly and yet not so surprisingly, Steve became the person Tony started to trust most, at times even more than Pepper and that’s saying something. After the Subway tunnel collapse, they had started to spend copious amounts of time together. Usually Steve would be in Tony’s lab when he was working on upgrades to the suit or just threatening to donate Dumm-E to some sort of educational establishment if he continued to break things. At times they would talk about a random assortment subjects or if Tony was focused on a certain piece of equipment, Steve would just sit nearby and draw. Just being near each other was at times enough.
“Look, there’s a lot happening right now they don’t understand.” The Captain replied.
He sighed.
Steve looked at everyone making sure they were all on the same page.
The one thing he would regret most, however, was how things ended with Tony.
Tony whipped around to see what the doom bots were doing now only to be washed over with another wave of utter relief.
“Good plan.” He said simply.
"Hmm, I've got a 1 ½ by three, will that do?" He said holding up a small stone.
“Have you been paying attention to the news as of late? Adverse cases have been popping up for the past two weeks, they’re very troubling.” Steve finally stated looking a bit perturbed.
His attention suddenly diverted from Steve’s eyes to his pink tongue.  The Captain had started to lick the fudge off of his spoon in a very provocative manner.  Tony was practically scandalized.  His pants had become quite uncomfortable yet again.  In an effort to distract himself from his erotic thoughts the genius started to quickly consume the last of his sundae.
Barnes nodded solemnly. He clenched and unclenched his fist in order to stay calm. He knew Tony was up to something.
“Thank you Jarvis.”
Steve stopped scowling at the charred meat and looked up at her sharply.
Chapter Twenty-Four: All Hell Breaks Loose
“Oh, I was fucking around with some ideas.” He said rubbing the back of his neck.
Tony looked up at him and emitted a long-suffering sigh. “Yeeeeessss!” He grated out a frustrated groan. “All that for her energy signature.”
“That’s… Awesome.” Barnes said after a long moment. He had been watching as Dumm-E made its way to the next room during Tony’s explanation.
"Distracted by what?"
WHAT!?
"Cala- no! You know what? It's better if you don't know."
“Go on.” He gestured for the children to head back to the basement. He swiftly picked up Becka and followed.
“Is it safe to assume everything we have regarding you is irrelevant?” Natasha inquired.
Still nobody moved. She sighed.
“Ahh. Exactly what I wanted to hear.” She patted the cushion next to her indicating for Steve to sit back down. He reluctantly obeyed.
“Peggy.” He greeted when he saw her.
“I’m heading to the south east side with some kids, I needed to focus on that area.”
Though he had berated himself all afternoon and well into the evening for getting distracted, he could not help but to meander back into the barn and view the drawings of the man again.
Steve felt lighter. Just a few laughs is just what he needed to alleviate the stress. Despite being a super soldier, stressing out over the past week still took its toll. He was willing to bet the Professor knew what he was going through, he could read his mind after all, he also knew just what he needed. Steve was willing to bet Tony did too.
“Yeah, remember when we were kids and Lloyd threw that rock and hit me in the head?”
Tony sighed. “I’d risk everything for him.”
“What do you think we should do with it Tony? She gave it to you.” Steve asked.
“Yeah, well I had to find you fast.  Something has come up and we all have to go to the super duper meeting room.  Or what’s left of it any way.  So come on Cap, we gotta go.”  Tony stated while grabbing Steve’s hand and pulling him off his seat.
“Jesus fucking Christ, Barton! Were you ever going to tell me or were you just going to let me be a potential threat to this guy and watch as Natasha brutally murders me in cold blood!?”
Thor of course will return to Asgard to find out more about the planet’s history before their demise. And of course our poor Captain has once again been put on standby. That did not sit well with him.
“I can tell it’s going to be good.” Peter said.
Behind them Dumm-E started to clean off the work station. Bruce entered the shop hastily and called out.
No, it was because that mother fucking pink bunny had apparently tore open a black hole in the middle of New York City.
“Draw your dream too!” She replied instantly.
"No, please don't say that. Of course, this is real, I'm real! I'm standing right here. I'm Eleanor, your daughter." She cried as she grabbed his hand. "See? I'm really here!"
“Pleased to meet all of you.” Steve greeted soothingly.
“OK, come on Cap, follow me.”  Tony ordered walking out of the room.
“What?” He turns to her lost.
“Sir, I detect a Calamity coma.”
“He was more himself.” She replied.
"Yes, well, the Asgardians do have a somewhat solid grasp of the concept." She conceded. "And as to how I went from seeking the secrets of the universe to harvesting souls, the answer is quite simple really, empathy."
"Soooo…" Barnes bayed irritatingly.
The Rhododendron's body fell to the ground in a disgusting heap. He was gray and utterly devoid of life. Calamity turned to the group with her hand held out still holding on to the beautiful white light. The entire group all remained completely still in petrified silence. All except Steve. He stood and steadily and approached her.
Tony with his infinite wisdom felt it the best time to insert a bit of bad humor.
After contemplating upgrading the pre-installed coffee maker to brew faster he found himself back at the worktable carrying two mugs of brew looking at the soldier as he briskly striked against the page as he put the finishing touches on his drawing.  Tony smiled warmly as he approached to see what the Man out of Time was drawing.
“Professor, you, Hank and Scott will remain here and protect our fallen comrades. It would be the perfect time for someone else to strike now that we are so vulnerable.”
Tony laced his fingers into Steve's Golden hair and pulled him down to capture his lips into a passionate kiss. Tony nearly swooned when Steve not only kissed him back but almost instantaneously deepened the kiss into fiery bliss.
"Hmm?" He replied absently, taking the plate and soaking it into the water.
The adaptability of the doom bots were confirmed when he tried to hit the second one the same way only to have it block his attempts. They have learned from their fallen comrade. At least that wasn't the only weakness he could exploit.
When they made it to town together, they had gotten on the bus first and headed on over to Cranston. Ellie was a ball of excitement the entire time, pointing out notable things out the window as they passed.
A/N: What did you think? I just could not resist bringing Bucky in on this somehow. After the events of Winter Soldier and Iron Man three it was hard to continue my story because so many things happened that contradicted it and no longer made my story cannon. That’s why it had taken me four years to get to this point. After Civil War came out I was finally able to come to terms that my story was simply going to be cannon adjacent.  I had to profoundly alter much of the story's content but I still managed to keep my main key points the same, that took a while to work out. So it’s going to be much bigger that I originally planned. You're welcome.
"You are entirely too precious Steven. You have no idea how happy it makes me to know that I will now bear the name shared with my dear friend and given to me by you. Thank you, Steven. I will cherish it always."
There was just no time.
The effect was instantaneous. Bucky sat up ramrod straight and screamed. Tony scrambled away swiftly but continued to watch the soldier like a hawk. Just as quickly as he sprang up, Bucky melted down into the chair with dismal abandon. He groaned deeply then began to breathe heavily. Tears flowed freely down his cheeks now. Tony approached cautiously.
So how do you like it? I'd love to hear theories about what you think may happen. Please feel free to leave a comment.
But wait, should he? What about Ellie, Peggy and the baby?
"You want to help me find him?" He asked perplexed.
Tony beamed and Wanda smiled almost fondly.
It was completely unspoken, neither of them brought it up to stay together, they just did.
“Wow…” Was all he could really say at that point. That whole account had completely cemented the fact that his best friend definitely made the stupidest decisions ever. But at the same time he did know why he had to escape. He really did.
His heart pulsed again and he clutched the fabric and flesh over his chest painfully. He could feel it, his heart was stopping.
“I know...” He smiled. “I know.”
“That’s exactly the way she wants you to feel. Just so that you can’t help to get involved!”
He knew whatever it was that happened or didn’t happen was because of Calamity. He kind of felt sick thinking that she might have interfered just then.
“Why do you still have it if it doesn’t work well?” Bucky asked nodding to Dumm-E who was holding on to a box of glass vials no doubt containing some sort of caustic fluid.
This was a complete nightmare.
He leaned down and planted a kiss to her forehead. For the next fifteen minutes or so, he was allowed to remain by her side. He kept talking to her and reminding her how beautiful, strong and amazing she was. And of course, he told her numerous times how much he loved her.
God, this child was so beautiful, by far the most beautiful creature he had ever encountered in his entire life. He was sure even if he couldn't remember...
Tony looked like he was going to throw up. The genius pressed his lips together tightly and his eyes darted about as if he was trying to figure something out. He let out a strangled breath and for a split-second Tony's face contorted to one of utter wretched misery before he had schooled his features.
“I would have Mr. Stark assist Hank in creating a device that would be able to see into the patients’ minds.  At this point in time my own abilities are beyond such an endeavor, but Hank has come up with a few ideas that with the help of Mr. Stark may be able to penetrate the minds of these people at least for a moment to glimpse and to see what’s happening.  If we know what’s going on in their minds we may be able to understand what this alien foe’s true intention is upon our people.” He waited a moment, letting his words sink in.
Does it fucking matter?
Oh my. So I was reading some back stories to some Marvel characters and was somewhat surprised to discover that everyone in the Marvel universe pretty much has shit backgrounds which works perfectly for my story. There is so much opportunity in it. Which is why I want to ask my readers to suggest a hero or villain they would like to see encounter the mysterious alien. Go on suggest someone. If it fits well it’ll go in.
He removed his own Iron Man helmet before reaching to unlatched Bucky’s. As soon as the helmet was off Barnes began to gulp air greedily. As soon as the identity of the man in the diving suit was revealed the various members of the Avengers gasped in shock.
On another note, as he had already concluded, Barnes's presence was invaluable. He had already rallied the team, consoled Black Widow, and implemented a new strategy for dealing with those nasty creatures. Scarlet Witch and Quicksilver have also proven immeasurably useful, their strange unique abilities were immensely effective against these things and when they worked together they were nearly unstoppable. The whole team had a good rhythm going, the flyers were bottlenecking the black hole, keeping the spray of eggs within the containment field while the destroyers decimated the foul creatures numbers.
“Come on in.”  He said to someone outside.
He sighed deeply, ‘Here goes nothing.’
As the genius was monitoring the device’s stability on his phone he happened to glance at what the soldier was currently looking at on the computer.
“You’ll only get in the way or end up dead!”
“Now that’s cool.” He whistled. “I’ll admit it, you get one giant ass point for these.”
Steve paused.  He could get out if lock down was lifted, however that would put the compound at risk.  He couldn’t do that.  But he did have an idea.
“Okay Rogers, if that’s how you want to play it, then fine, you may do the dishes. And,” She smirked. “Since you suddenly love doing them so much you should really do them after every meal.” Uh oh… “What kind of wife would I be if I begrudged my dear husband of something he ‘loves’ so dearly?” She smiled wickedly as she patted his cheeks.
“Yeah. It was one of the reasons I couldn’t go any further in art school. I could only really do charcoal and ink drawings. No teacher back then wanted to deal with a colorblind kid. They thought I was a joke. What business did someone who couldn’t even see colors properly have with painting and art.” He said with lament. He was not quite sure why he was even telling her all this.
After ignoring Bucky’s subsequent response at calling our genius a Dumbass again under his breath Tony placed the device on the back of the soldier’s neck right at the base of his skull.
He needed to stop them now!
“What if it is what he suspects, then there is no cure.  Would we just let those people live like that or would we let them die.  I mean, neither I feel comfortable with at all.”  Steve admitted.
“Not today, Stark.” The heavily accented voice whispered.
“Keep on that Mr. Stark.” Fury replied willing himself not to pull out one of the various weapons concealed on his person.
“And you think he wouldn’t have stopped it if he could? Tony, you chose to stop. You had a choice, the whole time. You could have stopped manufacturing any time but you didn’t. You could have figured it out sooner but you didn’t. You chose to ignore the signs. That’s the difference between you and him. You always had the choice, he didn’t. He never had the choice.” Her words cut deep as her voice cracked.
Steve only nodded, just barely comprehending the significance of what he had done.
"Can you even move?"
“It feels good. You did a good job.” Barnes commended.
The battle raged on. Cities were burning, people were dying, and Tony Stark was hyper aware that the fate of the entire world rested on his shoulders.
Thor continued, "I must advise that the Rögvava should be vanquished at once!"
“One of those warehouses belongs to Shield. And it so happens to contain an early model E–409 series Quin Jet. One of the first to receive advanced stealth technology.”
The tree was large and he noted a rope swing with a rough plank of wood swaying gently with the wind on the other side. Upon the next breath he took he detected the sweet scent of roses. There must be a blush nearby.
“Yes! I know this already!”
"Another doll, Steve? Peggy is going to tan your hide, just you wait and see."
"Daddy! Good morning!" Ellie squealed in delight.
I apologize for any and all errors, and please do not forget to leave me a review at the end and tell me what you think. Without any further ado, on with the show!
“All right, keep it up, asshole, and you won’t get any of this coffee.” Tony warned.
"The Rögvava had to be fully consumed before I got near."
“Well that happens when you bet on yourself.” Jane smirked.
If and when Earth fails Calamity will move on to the next planet. Like part of their age old original plan they intend on gathering as much information together to hand off to the next world. They ended up disconnecting the helicarrier from Shield and are using it as a sky base.
"Wouldn't miss this for the world." Iron Man replied as he took in the multitude of fake doom bots and fuzz buzz flitting about.
Steve was very relieved to know that Xavier was coming back, he felt much better knowing more help was coming in. That man in particular seems to have the capacity to put Steve’s mind at ease and for that he was glad of it.
"Wilson is already on the battlefield." Tony replied through gritted teeth. "You've seen the footages; the world is begging Captain America for help! Are you really going to let the world believe that someone like Steve abandoned them when they needed him the most? Steve wouldn't do that. Captain America wouldn't do that. Please don't let Steve's legacy die here." Tony pleaded.
“The hologram is Yggdrasil.” Barnes said stiffly, blinking as if coming out of the trance.
Beep. Beep.
“If you are trying to remove the screwdriver, I believe pealing it off with your hand would work better.”
~Flashback~
When they reached the property, Ellie ran straight to her room to introduce her new doll, Princess Avalon, to the rest of her collection. Steve set everything down and proceeded to make their dinner.
“BEEP
Tony didn’t even take the time to change out of his fancy suit before he issued his do not disturb protocol and began a project that had been nagging at the back of his brain for some time now. He could sense Dumm-E behind him retrieving the toolkits. He rolled his eyes before starting to draw up schematics for his experiment.
She shook her head. "I'm afraid not, although…" She tilted the sketchbook this way and that. "The shape of the head could almost be Howard." She laughed.
Just outside the evac zone there was a hurricane of angry genius.
“He’s my brother.”
He leisurely turned the pages of his sketchbook. There were a few scenes from his past: a tank, a rough silhouette of his unit and one of Peggy. Most of the other sketches after were random: skyscrapers, trees, flowers and such. Some were scenes from the city. A woman walking her dog, a man on a bicycle and one of a homeless man on a park bench.
“I can’t risk Calamity taking you out to get to me.”
At the Professors revelation Steve stared at Tony disbelievingly for a few moments before he started to outright laugh hard and deep. Charles joined him with gentle chuckles while Tony started snickering in an attempt to hold back his laughter.
Time seemed to slow to an absolute stop for Tony. And for the entire battlefield, as it would seem, as friend and foe alike paused with bated breath.
As he was now, he cannot comprehend spending more time by himself with his work rather than his family. Then again, he knew exactly how it was to lose track of time when lost in the art. He made a note to himself to set up an alarm clock or something of that nature to ensure he does not lose himself to his work any more than necessary. He would absolutely hate it if so much time slipped past his fingers, precious time that he’d rather spend with his family. It would be absolutely awful to wake up one day and realize so many years had gone by and they had been wasted.
Director Fury thought for a moment.  Clint’s fears were in a small, tiny, way justifiable.  They had only served to escalate to that point due to the fact that not only was everyone on edge already but everyone also was experiencing a significant lack of sleep.  It was not just last night that many had not slept.  It had been the buildup of the many nights since this case first became official that had gotten everybody so beat down.
“Hey, look at me.” Tony said as he gently grabbed Steve’s face. “You can trust me.” He said softly caressing his face. “I will find him, I promise.”
"What an odd-looking beard." She mused.
“I told them, the others.” She said simply.
He was a sitting duck in a dead suit.
"Yes, Anthony is my second Keystone."
He knew the memory that came and went during dinner was about that strange man, he barely remembered fleeting images of the man with a severe pout but for the life of him could not remember why. He turned the page in his sketchbook and tried to re-create that pout the best he could.
The boy, Dickie, snapped out of his trance. "Oh, yeah. Absolutely. Sorry." He said quickly getting the door for Steve and Ellie.
“Ah, I haven’t felt such amusement in what has to be eons!” She mused as she’s moved a lock of Raven hair back.
They got down to working. Ellie looked up every so often getting distracted as he began a rough sketch of the armor in his dreams. Soon enough he descended into the zone. He was completely immersed in the work. The more he drew the more the image became clearer and clearer. It was intoxicating, the kind of mindset he was in. Just the essence of creating and infusing a piece of himself into the page.
Fury and Natasha shared a look again.  Then he nodded.
“I’m going to go get ready. I have some errands to run.” She said as she began to waddle away. “Oh!” She turned back to him. “Howard and his new fiancé will be stopping by later today for a late lunch.”
Clint nodded and returned to his seat.
But what does it all mean? He was the keystone. Why send him back? It made no sense. The confusion was rolling off of him in waves and Calamity sighed.
‘Just this once.’ He thought. He would humor Tony just this once.
Suddenly, Tony’s suit burst through the portal bay doors and disassembled into a bunch of parts effectively zooming around knocking each one of the officials out cold before enveloping Tony completely.
"You don't say…" Sam intoned with derision.
The sound of breaking glass shifted to the harrowing sound of cracking ice. Then he felt something shift. The sensation was oddly nauseating like one second he was moving forward at a fast pace than all at once he was moving backwards without slowing or stopping.
Because it's not real…
“Okay, now I am going to turn the device on and start calibrating it to you specifically.”
Bucky shook his head. “That was sloppy.” He muttered. Before Tony could reply the soldier continued. “My arm throws me off balance.” He said gesturing to the missing one.
"Figures." He grumbled.
“Yeah, I do.”
They all sat in silence for a moment none moving. Almost at once Thor literally shook himself from his nightmare. He groaned deeply reaching for his sack that he brought with him. His slowly pulled out and incredibly ancient looking scroll.
Steve could feel it deep down; his very soul was screaming at him to figure it out. It was important.
He looked down at the child only to be met with the most extraordinarily devious puppy dog face in the history of ever. And that’s saying something considering that he had seen the business end of the Incredible Puppy Pout
“After San Jose. He said he got out of his restraints and went to go find you only to find her leaving your room instead.”
“How long have I been out for?” Steve asked, hoping it wasn’t days.
“Give it up Stark! Your suit and system functions are mine! None of your verbal overrides will work! And you, stuck in that suit, can’t very well type your way out of this!” He began to laugh maniacally once more.
"Me, of course." Barnes replied with a wink then threw the shield again.
Tony stared at him confused.
“Whoa there bird boy who’s pretty little panties do you have tight up your ass.”  Tony countered back.
Steve struggles to remember something very important.
“Well let’s continue watching.” Clint retorted.
“Why can’t you just settle and use your time to do the things you enjoy? Just sit and paint or spend time with us!?” Tony pleaded this time.
“You slept?” Tony repeated mildly confused.
“You know Cap those holes you’re wearing into the floor are gonna come out of your paycheck.” Tony smirked as he let himself in.
His response only served to widen the soldiers smirk.
“Because of me. Think dumbass, if you really were two timing him and he called you out on it, it would have been harder for him to find a way to get to me.” Bucky sighed relentingly. “He told me he couldn’t stay after that. If his days were truly numbered then he’d do anything he could to… To save me… The stupid punk.” Bucky turned his face away from the glass but Tony could recognize that gesture anywhere. The soldier was on the verge of crying.
Now, here he was, basking in yet another failed attempt to at least get more than an hour of sleep in. He was soaked in sweat and panting heavily as he desperately tried to stave off the anxiety attack that threatened to consume him. This particular nightmare, though similar to the others, was vastly more overwhelming. Ever since fighting against the Rhododendron his nightmares had consisted of nearly every presentation of his Iron Man persona losing control and killing his team. Everything from his suits being taking control of to his very mind becoming altered or brainwashed.
Steve realized instantly that this was not a scene from Earth. The colors all around him were so much more vibrant and numerous. The grass beneath his feet seemed to irradiate hues on the green and blue spectrum he didn't even know existed. He then looked up to the sky and what he saw took his breath away. It was a brilliant starry night sky that had an array of stunning colors such as blues and purples and pinks washed over the inky blackness that was littered with gorgeous diamonds. The three moons shone brilliantly, each emitting their own unique color.
“Shit! Look I’m sorry Pep. I’ve had a bad couple of days- weeks whatever and I just want to be alone.” He tried to smile apologetically but probably looked more like he was a little constipated… Maybe he was a little of that too but whatever.
All eyes were on him.
“I don’t know what this Harker guy had been telling you but you have no idea who Tony really is, who we really are or what we are fighting for. You have no idea what our purpose is!” He began to shout. His utter frustration over everything bleeding through his usual stoic mask.
“Depends on what you define as wonderful.” Captain America retorted.
“Perhaps our Captain can come with me. I may need assistance, there will be many books and scrolls to sift through.” Thor stated pensively.
“Obviously.” Tony retorted with an eye roll.
“You obviously wholly underestimate me.” Tony stated in a triumphant smirk as he snapped his fingers and gestured wide, signaling all his holo-image ports to display, all around them, every single design for the soldier’s prosthetic arm he had created thus far.
Steve blinked at her. "Why not?" He answered what was likely a rhetorical question.
Tony heard a few gasps of shock and horror emitted from his team.
“See, it’s because of yesterday that I’ve come up with a way to do this. Follow me.”
“Most of the intelligence community doesn’t believe he exists.  Several years ago I was escorting a nuclear engineer out of Iran, somebody shot out my tires near Odessa.  We lost control, went straight over a cliff.  I pulled us out, but the Winter Soldier was there.  I was covering my engineer.  So he shot him straight through me.”  She lifted her shirt enough to show a nasty looking scar on her abdomen.
“I just wish I knew what was happening.  I feel like if I knew I could be more useful somehow.”
Bucky rubbed his face harshly then ran his hand through his hair before gripping it tight. He whimpered audibly before sliding down the wall and huddled in on himself once more. He began rocking in an attempt to calm himself.
“No!!” He cried.
“What? No, were not dating.” Steve replied slowly.
“Hey Cap, we need to high tail it to-“
She nodded.
“And what will you have me do, My Lord?” Tony piped up.
“Are you hungry? It’s not much but I have a few things with me.” He began to fish through his pack pulling out granola bars and such.
Steve had awaited eagerly the arrival of the special guest. He had been pacing restlessly in his assigned quarters for hours. He ‘was’ pacing restlessly in Tony’s designated temporary work shop aboard the helicarrier before the poor Captain paced his way onto The billionaires last nerve and got himself booted from the workshop. There may have been threats having to do with repulsers and burnt asses but who’s really paying attention at a time like this. Steve sought out Bruce in an attempt to continue his idle pacing however Bruce knowing the Captain so well stopped him before he could start and directed him elsewhere.
Steve turned just in time to see a silhouette leave the doorway as Hank closed the door.  Steve could have sworn he saw a flash of soft blue light.  It was somehow incredibly soothing.  Like all the sudden all his questions have been answered.
She nodded.
“We don’t even know who this guy is. No one got a decent visual.” Tony sighed.
“She still remains on earth. But your absence has not gone unnoticed.” Heimdall replied with an air of foreboding.
Before any could respond they heard a shrill cry from down below.
That seemingly simple statement pierced through everyone’s mind and soul like an a-bomb. The end of days, the end of everything...
“Me too.” Wanda agreed.
'Idiot!'
“Hmm?” She turned to him.
“Can I just say, WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON HERE!?” He demanded feverishly.
"No, it's fine. I just never imagined Captain America flipping me off."
Realizing quickly that this man's head was all over the place, Steve decided upon a different approach.
The shot.
"Do you know how long I've waited for this Stark?" He said pulling out a blade.
“Hey! I didn’t start-“
It took everything in Clint’s willpower not to roll his eyes instead he took a deep breath and replied.
Tony wanted to smirk when he just barely caught the moment Barnes mouthed 'Bucky', his now instantaneous response to anyone trying to call him by any other name. However, he was unable to retort out loud considering the chance of igniting Natasha's ire.
“Honestly, this should have been done from the start. Would have saved a lot of trouble.”
“Captain? You up for the challenge?”
"Anuk." He spoke with gentle severity in his tone.
Steve resisted the urge to roll his eyes.
Steve looked over his shoulder to see Johnny looking at his work around the room in different stages of completion.
“Hello my Dears. My apologies for arriving a bit late but I had to take care of a cretin that had a knack for breaking the fourth wall.”
“Jarvis? Do me a favor?”
“Hey don’t look me kids, I’m done, kaput.” He said, “I don’t have any fire left in the right now.”
Tony brutally jerked behind the Captain but he dared not look away from her not this time.
'This is a win!' He had to keep telling himself.
Eventually Steve decided to just haul the rolls over one shoulder. He was very capable after all. Once he got them into position he turned to find Elaine staring at him pointedly.
That noise was completely aggravating and distracting. He shook his head, he had to focus!
"Can we get back on topic please!" Tony snapped. He turned back to Steve who was resolutely avoiding eye contact. "What deal?"
“Laugh it up asshole, just remember I am the one solely in control of your level of pain. Keep fucking with me and we will see how we match up at the end of this operation.” Tony warned darkly through clenched teeth.
It was a fair question. Tony sighed.
“Yes, sir!” The soldier saluted left-handed with a smirk.
Will this nightmare ever end?
Steve finally tore his eyes away from the sky.
The Final blow is delivered and Calamity comes to collect.
“I believe he said, ‘It’s all about the food Stevie, to keep your eyes peeled because dinner comes from unexpected places, especially for the fishermen who searched the waters for fish yet saw upon the land the opportunity for bountiful venison.’” He laughed at the memory.
“It was just an idea!” Tony snapped. “Let it go.”
“Yeah that’ll happened when everyone is up to it, including you.”
~-0-~
With the tiniest bit of solace, he promised himself that he was going to spend the rest of whatever time he had left helping where he could. Just because Calamity is taking over the world doesn’t mean the other villains are going to stop making a racket and hurting people. He would stop them while he could. No one was going to stop him from doing that, not even Tony.
"We shall see." He said as he swung the shield at an incoming doom bot knockoff. "Work fast!"
“Thanks Barton, you’re a real pal.” Tony derided.
He sighed deeply as he took in the hopeless state of his lab. He had just gotten it back in order after he blew it up a little over a week ago. He had gotten distracted and left some volatile components unattended. He really should have known better than to start that particular project while his mind was so frayed after everything that happened in San Jose and after. It really didn’t help when Pepper showed up to do her “I am really worried about you and I’m going to nag the shit out of you to show you” thing in addition to the “You made a shit storm on the media again and now I have to put out your PR fire, so I’m going to bitch at you and hope you don’t do it again” thing. He really liked that one the best, he thought sarcastically.
He hesitated to turn the page once more knowing what was on the other side. Finally, he turned the page with solemn reverence. On the other side was Tony making adjustments to a test piece he intended to use for an upgrade. He remembered that day clearly. Not only did the upgrade test not work, he blew up the entire workstation.
"Besides you couldn’t hope to stop me even if you’d did figure it out.”
Steve's only response was to blink in surprise.
As he was picking out an absurd color scheme for a spatula attachment there was suddenly a puff of warm air blown right into his left ear.
The soldier nodded.
She emitted a long-suffering sigh, "I suppose it is now the time to tell you my true purpose here…" She eluded. "There indeed was once a planet exactly like this, bewitching and so full of life."
Tony paused typing for a moment and sighed heavily. He was doing a real bang up job saving the world and helping his friends. God, Steve would be so disappointed in him.
Steve subtly reached for his left wrist where the marking was still very prominent but all he saw when he looked down was that Tony still had a firm grip on his hand.
