Toni’s thumbs patted at his cheekbones. “Would putting your head between your legs make you feel better? Hell if I looked like you I’d probably keep my head there.”
“Steve you didn’t
Bucky laughed. “Smothered between thighs wouldn’t be the worst way to go,” he said with a wink. “But no we—we work for some odd reason. She understands, ya know? She hasn’t done nearly any of the bad shit I have but she has her fair share, and she doesn’t judge. And she digs the arm.”
Toni scratched at her neck. “I’m sorry, what?”
“Oh. Alright what is your question?”
She frowned. “Just because you have super healing doesn’t mean you don’t feel pain. And worse? Like…3rd degree? Jesus.” Although it clearly wasn’t needed, she pulled the first aid kit from under the sink and popped it open, rummaging around inside for the emergency burn pads she knew where inside. “I didn’t know those stupid laser rifles were that powerful.”
Steve Rogers because our Steve died but this one is from another universe. And I know that sounds crazy but it’s true. I’ve tested him…he can catch the shield. And I ran his physical markers against those from Project Rebirth and they match.”
“I don’t see why you care to be honest. I’m not
of Steve Rogers was as perfect as apple pie, so she’d always assumed the real thing must have been saint-like. A pure, flawless bastion of walking ideals that would have taken one look at her and known she wasn’t good enough. But that wasn’t Steve at all. Steve was real and messy and
Of course she did. She wasn’t an idiot. At this point she fucking bled red and gold. “I’m Steve’s tether.
“No worries dear, I brought Adam with me. And I told you to call me Judith.” Mrs. Linley gestured to her son as he trailed out behind her. “Besides if I can’t carry a single tray what good am I?”
In all honesty he’d never,
Toni gathered her thoughts before speaking. “Why didn’t you tell Tony about his parents?”
Laughing, Steve put his sketchbook off to the side and sat up. “I’m not sure how to reply to that but from what I saw, Pepper didn’t have any complains when it came to dating you. You really ought to stop selling yourself short, Toni. By now and after so many years you should realize how amazing you are.”
Judith laughed and patted her shoulder. “You are such a troublemaker. I noticed you ordered more food than usual. Are your little friends coming to visit?”
“Yeah just…thoughts.” She tapped her temple. “Sometimes it’s hard to shut my brain up. But never mind any of that. Tonight is about good food and good friends.”
“Steve is fine.” He let his arms hang limply at his sides. “What are you going to do?”
Pepper arched a brow. “I see. Are you sure he’s not a Skrull or…?”
“Penny for your thoughts, Mr. Rogers?”
She arched a brow. “Should I? Wait is—is this him? Is this guy Tony?”
He nodded and took a seat on a stool at the counter. “I just don’t want you to think I’m taking advantage of your hospitality.”
Steve chuckled. “You don’t recognize him?”
Just like when he’d crashed that plane in the Arctic. Except he’d gotten a second chance and Tony had not.
Steve smiled; he’d wondered why Bucky would be putting himself in front of Toni if danger was around. “That was actually kind of wise. I guess you’re not so stupid after all.”
Whizzing around to the back of the line, Toni fired directly at the street, heating up the asphalt until it was thick like hot fudge. The soldiers tried to keep marching but found it extremely difficult; their black boots getting stuck as the road quickly hardened, trapping some of them in place. It was easy to then blast their heads to pieces. The ones she missed Steve took out with the shield. It bounced between them like a ball in a pinball machine probably hitting a new high score.
“Love.” Toni blinked. “Did you not just hear me?”
That she hadn’t been expecting. “Yes. It was hard to be honest but I don’t know. I could tell Nat cared about him a lot and Hydra used him to be their blunt instrument. It’s not the same but Obie did something similar to me.” She poked his shoulder. “What’s this really about? What does the super soldier want to get off his manly chest?”
Steve laughed but it was a terrible sounding thing, jagged and cut with glass. “I’m angry. Shit wasn’t so cut and dry back home, not by a long shot. The Avengers picked teams when it came to the Accords and when it came to what to do with you. I fought friends. I fought my Tony. Rhodey got hurt pretty bad and my team ended up in prison. You and I went to wipe out the other Winter Soldiers that were supposed to be around but when we got tp the bunker, Zemo had already killed them. ‘Cause it wasn’t about
“Sounds good. And it’s me. I’m faster.”
Steve gazed at her like he was committing her face or memory or something equally as sappy. It was a bit unnerving…wondering what he was thinking about her. Or about
I <3 you guys for being so awesome with all the reading & support! :D Much  appreciated. On to the incoming feels.
“Apologizes,” Strange said but he didn’t sound apologetic at all. “Please stand still Mr. Rogers.”
“Goodness you kiss your mother with that mouth? I’m not saying you’re wrong but…”
She itched at her forehead. “You really cared about him, didn’t you?”
“Indeed,” Jarvis responded. “He is quite fond of you Ms. Stark…as we all are.”
“Good. Charities are good.”
Usually that would have been the point where she’d analyze and sink inward until she was having some sort of crisis, and while that had sounded great, she’d pushed it all aside. God forbid she be the one to make anyone worry when things were coasting along quite nicely. Besides it was probably nothing. Sometimes people just…got sad.
“Okay.” Amused, he got up for orange juice and refilled her mug with coffee. “Did you get any sleep last night?”
“Yeah the universes can be dicks,” Toni murmured. “I’ll explain more later but you just got here! And I know there is a part of you dying to talk to Steve because of how much you love America, and he’s like the
“Can’t you just…do one of those pulse things and put them all out of commission?” Barnes inquired.
Toni smirked. It wasn’t that Adam didn’t like her per se, more that he’d been a little put off when his mother’s attempts to set them up hadn’t panned out. Mrs. Linley was the
“Thank you. Unfortunately, it comes with the job.” Steve cleared his throat and angled for a subject change. “So are you still an Avenger or…?”
In the few days that had passed he’d settled into a slight routine that had been easier than expected. Jogging with Bucky to Coney Island. Hanging out with Toni in her workshop or just in general. Sparring with Bucky and Natasha while getting to see how they functioned as a couple; which turned out to be very well. Where he came from the very idea of Buck and Nat ending up in a relationship was as foreign to him as some of the technical jargon Tony used to ramble off, but here—like other things—it fit. He could tell by the way they looked at each other that they were very much in love. And while Steve was happy for them he felt a pang of sadness for his Bucky who didn’t have this. Who would never have this because their Natasha was dead… Though he did get on well with Sam, and it wouldn’t be the first time an antagonizing relationship turned into respect. Knowing that Bucky had Sam to look out for him was one of the reasons he’d been able to return to 1945.
“No. He’s more the type to walk little old ladies across the street. It’s so freaking strange, Pep. My dad spent the better part of my childhood searching for Steve Rogers and when he was found, I don’t know. Happy but bittersweet because he didn’t survive, not that anyone really expected him to after so many years. Then one shows up here and it’s like—it’s surreal to be witnessing what could have been. How he could have helped us with the battle of New York and stuff.” Excitement waning, Toni flopped back onto the couch. “Or how it could have all gone terribly wrong once he withheld vital information about my parents’ deaths from me. Still part of me feels like I would’ve taken it over not having him at all.”
“Of course. What’s up?”
Clearing his throat, he snickered. “Yeah? Sometimes it’s like I can never get warm but I think that’s all in my head.”
“Toni can I ask you something?”
Easing down beside her, Pepper rubbed her thigh. “Well now you have the chance to get to know him. And so do I. How long will he be staying?”
“It’s
that look. You were checking her out.”
“I’m Iron Woman, kinda comes with the territory,” she said indifferently but he knew the truth. “Things have been quiet for a while though so yay. You’re the most excitement I’ve gotten in weeks and you still have all your clothes on.”
Toni smiled a little at the praise and in no time, they’d demolished the remaining soldiers and only caused minor flooding. Afterwards Toni helped turn off the spewing hydrants, promised to help pay for whatever cleanup was needed and then returned to the relative safety of the tower with the others. The armor receded as she made a beeline towards Steve’s room, interested in his thoughts about how they’d done as a
right here, you on the ground and bleeding could happen. Shit. Okay c’mon I’m taking you to the hospital.”
Steve exhaled and retrieved his plate when it was ready. “Ultron happened. From what I understand he destroyed a large part of Jarvis and what was left, Tony uploaded into the being that came to be known as Vision. After that he started using an AI called Friday in all of his suits.”
Like her male counterpart Toni tended to look good in whatever she was wearing, whether it was tattered jeans with holes at the knees or a fancy blouse just hiding the arc reactor. He had no trouble admitting that she was a beautiful woman—he wasn’t blind—but this was the first time he’d been brought up short by it.
sun. It was awesome and a story for later if you want to hear it.” She paused. “Why were you running out of the alley?”
it, not to your core. It’s whatever it takes with the
They finally got their dance…and quite a few more in the following month. Made so many plans for their future together. And yes in the back of his mind he knew this would create an alternate timeline or whatever but that would be okay. He couldn’t change his past anyway so the odds of things
“But there are multiple universes. Why this one and not say…one where I’m a giant clam?”
“You know she thinks a lot of you.”
“You do fit here. Anyway I—I didn’t ask because I don’t think I can do it I just, Rhodey brought it up and it got me to thinking,” she explained softly. “It’s a possibility so it should be out there.”
“Perhaps but I can say with crystal clarity it was not a decision my other self made lightly. Trading one man’s life for billions may sound good on paper but that’s not what he thought, because it’s not what
“Well if that timeline doesn’t exist anymore where exactly would he be going back to?” Rhodey questioned with a frown.
Snorting at her own silly little thoughts, she lit up at the sight of an elderly woman easing out of the elevator carrying a large tray of covered food. “Mrs. Linley! Why didn’t you have Jarvis tell me you were here? I would have come down and helped you!”
. Just as well…he’d have thrown a fit if he’d been benched anyway.
he’d say proudly with a far off look in his dark eyes.
“Yup. Said he should have destroyed them but he needed them to get it right for
can be plan B,” she muttered, breaking out into a big grin as Steve laughed in the background.
a Tony thing to say. “Toni.” Exhaling deeply he forced himself to look at her. She was sans armor again and close, smelling like metal and expensive perfume. “I think I’m losing my mind.”
Luckily Steve was handsome and as sweet as apple pie. Perhaps even literally.
“So I can save the world but I can’t find my place in it?”
“You expect—”
Toni sighed deeply as she gently smoothed the clear medicated pad onto his skin. “Well fixing it just became number one on my list. In fact, I should just make you another one from scratch.”
“Of course Ms. Stark,” came his dutiful reply. “Shall I contact Mr. Lang and inquire about obtaining more Pym Particles?”
Jarvis hummed in a very human like manner. “Dinner seemed like a happy affair…”
Toni shrugged. “Official reports say the cold probably stunted his healing abilities where the tear was concerned. If there had been no tear, then the cold would have just preserved him like it did this guy. Maybe it just wasn’t meant to be.”
“Sure thing, Cap.”
“While I would not be surprised to hear you are suddenly proficient in inter dimension travel, there is no way you could have caused this Toni. The universe is a large cluster of mystical, science and the unknown. I understand much about the Infinity Stones but it would take millennia to fully grasp all that they are capable of. From what Steve has said he was alone with all six for an extensive amount of time. Who knows the total affect they had on him?” Strange explained slowly. “It’s also possible this has nothing to do with the stones and everything to do with Steve himself. He is a man out of time and the universe would not abide him just settling into another on a whim.”
but in the end he had to be the one to finish it. And all I could do was stand there. A super soldier—peak of human perfection—and all I could do was stand there while my friend died.”
. “If I find that thing I’m gonna kill it.”
“I’m sure you helped him a lot. I mean he’d still be in Hydra town if it weren’t for you.” And then she was scrunching up her nose at him. “Hey Jarvis, put on a movie for us. Something ridiculous that will make Steve smile.”
“Ten thirty, sir. Breakfast is ready if you’re hungry. I..” He paused, his voice going dry. “I have been asked to inform you that you should come to the kitchen even if you’re
As usual Rhodey wasn’t wrong; it would just be the sensible option to have a backup plan on the off chance that she couldn’t get Steve rooted to the reality he wanted to be in. Though she wasn’t sure it was a conversation she wanted to have him with. Beside she hated admitting that she couldn’t
just my assistant but that she was everything. She was smart and graceful and
Steve was in the middle of removing his suit, the top pulled down to his waist. In any other situation Toni would have made a crack about his
Swiping a hand across his eyes, Steve laughed again. “I have to say I don’t remember my Tony being so…” He searched for the right word. “I don’t know. I mean he was witty and a lot of what you say sounds like what he’d say, but he didn’t…”
Steve wiggled his leg and the chains wiggled with him. “Is that a good thing or a bad thing?”
Toni shook her head. “No way. You’ll shoot him and stuff him down the laundry shoot and then I’ll be out one pretty new friend.”
Steve watched as she pulled the shield out of the case, blue eyes tracking over the bright red, white and blue stripes before settling on the shiny white star. “Is that—that’s the real thing?”
Steve chuckled. “I have your back too. If it’s needed. Which reminds me…are you okay? Earlier there seemed to be something bothering you.”
“I think he’d be okay. He’d have you. You can’t go wrong with Toni Stark in your corner.”
Before Steve could reply the door to the lab hissed open so that Toni and Rhodey could step inside. That slightly haunted look was no longer in Toni’s eyes, so he reckoned she must have talked things out with Rhodey. That made complete sense considering how close they were, but Steve already knew he was going to pull her aside the next chance he got to make sure she was okay. There wasn’t much he could do if she wasn’t but sometimes one just needed to be a shoulder to lean on. His shoulders were more than sturdy enough to carry whatever was bothering Toni.
wasn’t used she’d be very disappointed.
“Fuck. But…well would either of those things be that bad?”
Tony do anything, trust me on this. He knew what was at stake and what he had to lose, but he helped because he
. How could a grown man make throwing a metal Frisbee look so fucking…sexy? Technically it didn’t make any real sense and yet somehow Steve managed to pull it off. And it was so much more satisfying to see in person (and in color, ha!) as opposed to those old reels her father used to have. The sound it made as it crashed into a series of assholes before arcing back…epic. Toni didn’t want to fan girl but she couldn’t help herself. While she didn’t say anything over coms she secretly couldn’t wait to replay the footage over and over again at her leisure. For pleasure and for upgrades because she was nothing if not methodical.
Unwrapping his fork from its cream colored napkin, he started to eat. “You’re welcome.” Pausing, he looked at her. “She sacrificed herself for the Soul stone. So that we could bring back everyone Thanos had snapped away.”
“You say that like it’s a bad thing.” She chuckled lightly. “I have been told that I talk too much. By more than a few people. Usually while they’re shooting at me.”
Steve frowned, brows drawing close together until that little line appeared between them. There was
was actually a smart phone. A Stark Phone at that. On the bright screen was a photo of a man with dark hair and dark eyes and an impeccably trimmed beard. He was wearing a dark suit sans jacket with a blue tie and holding Cap’s shield while sporting a big grin.
“Then you’re welcome.”
He wet his lips. “The Accords. They didn’t happen here, did they? I mean I’ve brought them up several times but you’ve never really commented on them.”
“He was one handsome devil.” Toni crawled over the couch and dropped down beside him on the floor. “Mind if I get a copy of that? I want to show it to Pepper and Rhodey.”
“The helicarrier we were fighting on exploded with us on board. I went into the Potomac and you pulled me out—saved my life. That’s when I knew my best friend was in there somewhere and that I—I had to get him back. No matter what.”
With Pepper busy running Stark Industries and Rhodey serving his country, Toni didn’t have too many down time moments with friends. Usually she would be held up in her workshop and while she one hundred percent enjoyed that, she discovered that she also liked hanging out with Steve too. She already knew she’d miss him…when he left.
Toni snickered. “Yeah he makes fun of Clint’s sleeve tattoo. He says it looks like a drunken toddler took a crayon to his arm and just went wild. They get along though—I mean they kinda have to because of Nat. No way she’d have two of her favorite people fighting.”
“Not so much clones as different versions of us. Grown and born and all that jazz. But yeah this is him…or was him.” She bit the inside of her cheek. “He—he married his Pepper and they had a little girl.”
Arching a brow, Strange turned to face her. “Don’t you know?”
Toni combed her fingers through her long dark hair. “I don’t know. They say actions speak louder than words and before Gulmira, I acted like a fool. Some people never got over that I suppose. Or like the tabloids they never wanted to because
“I don’t think she needs me to watch her back. But I’m happy that you’re looking out for her.” Realizing his food had grown a bit cold; he sighed and popped it into the microwave. “Bucky really thinks I should stay?”
Rhodey made a face but he was smiling. “And on that note, Steve why don’t we let the science nerds geek out over your test results for a bit. We can…get more acquainted.”
“True. Oh well we’ll be ready for it. Hopefully.”
“No. The parts used to make the soldiers yielded no real results since they can be purchased wholesale from several retailers. Mostly for department store mannequins. The wiring was crude which I’m sure was to deter you from interfering. I suspect they will have to up their game if there is a next time.”
“No uh, no.” He cleared his throat as he came back to himself. “It’s just…I don’t really consider myself
She was at the door to his room when he caught her, wrapping strong fingers around her small wrist. “Toni, wait. Thank you.” He opened his mouth to say more but instead pulled her close for a hug.
Chuckling, he looked at her over his shoulder. “Why don’t we both go shirtless? I hold the flag and you hold…a piece of iron?”
Bucky shook his head as he strolled through—shirtless—on his way to the kitchen. He flashed Steve one of his patented asshole grins to which Steve promptly ignored.
Toni offered up an easy going smile and left the room.
“I’m okay. Really. Just having one of those
“Didn’t stop you from being a hero to a lot of people. As a symbol and as the actual thing,” Toni responded matter of fact. “I mean I…may or may not have had your poster over my bed as a kid.”
But so Captain America was considered MIA for years until he wasn’t, and then he was finally laid to rest and people started talking about how nice it was to finally have him home. “It’s what he deserved,” they’d said. “Now he can finally rest in peace.” Toni got the sentiment but…oh well. That wouldn’t have satisfied her father and had Aunt Peggy been really able to comprehend information it wouldn’t have satisfied her either.
“It’s okay, Toni. Really. But thank you for thinking about my feelings.”
Steve laughed again, so hard his shoulders shook. “Then it obviously got what it deserved. But I find it hard to believe anyone could think badly of you now, especially after Thanos.
She turned her attention to the wide square windows across the way and Steve gazed at her, wondering what she was thinking. She’d been upset about something earlier but talking to Rhodey had helped her, naturally. Still he’d noticed her quiet demeanor during dinner; the way she’d laughed without really feeling it. Tony Prime had done the same thing from time to time though Steve honestly wasn’t sure how many people picked up on it. Then again they’d all been going through shit before the Civil War; focusing on their own issues often made them blind to everyone else’s.
He snorted. “You know what I mean. You haven’t been able to stop talking about
“Of course, ma’am. Shall I alert the first responders in case there is need of medical attention?”
than nothing at all.
“Oh Rhodey you’re gonna flip,” she snickered aloud as she changed into something more comfortable. Plaid shorts and a t-shirt with Hulk Smash sprayed across the front. “Jarvis, do I get a cut of the Iron Woman merchandise?”
“True but if you need to talk I’m here for you Toni,” Steve said squeezing her wrist. “And it seems like we have some time…”
my best friend. I’m just looking out for her.” Rhodey straightened. “I get that she’s an adult and could probably make some sort of tech to take over the world, but we’ve been through a lot together. When she was in that coma after tangling with Thanos I was worried sick that she would never wake up again. Now I hear there is a world out there where Toni
Steve stared on in dazed horror so she kept talking. “They set every cell I had on fucking fire—I was burning up from the inside out. I could
Strange hummed. “In my studies since becoming the guardian of the Time stone I’ve learned about quite a few different anomalies. I’m curious though where you’d even hear the term
“And? Look you know how much I love Nat but saying I think Stark is hot doesn’t somehow diminish how I feel about Natasha. Besides one Nat knows Stark is hot and agrees and two, even if I were the kinda guy to go there it means squat because Stark wouldn’t touch me with a ten foot pole,” Bucky said matter of fact. “So what’s the issue?”
to fix a relationship you had no part in.”
She stifled a yawn. “I think we assume life would be easier if we could all be happy all the time. And maybe it would be but would we be satisfied? Unfortunately, we need the chaos from time to time. Small chaos would be cool but we don’t make the rules.”
exceptional physique and
“What did the magician say?”
totally implied. Tony was supposed to live and you were supposed to carry on together. Instead he died for you and everyone else…and that’s fucked you up. Would it be wrong to say that you probably thought
Toni lowered her voice but her eyes were shining with mischief. “Fury. Unofficially though. SHIELD wanted him back but after the Hydra stuff he just couldn’t go back. After they cleaned house Melinda May took over and she does a kick ass job. Fury started his own
that? How much could she really be damaged in the process?  Besides it’s not like she was a stranger to pain, enduring or overcoming. Sure it would probably suck but in the end it would be okay because Steve would be back where he belonged. Back with someone he loved.
Steve had never really thought about loving Tony. He knew they were friends and colleagues, and that he was fond of him but he’d never took all that a part and examined it. There just didn’t seem to be any reason to.
Bucky rolled his eyes. “I didn’t at first but thanks to Stark I feel a lot like my old self. And yeah I remember that. Shit Stevie. I—I mean it’s good to see you but it’s sad too. I get my head on straight here and learn Steve Rogers died cold and alone. But here you are.” He paused. “Ar—are you okay? You look okay.”
“I’d like that too,” she mused. “And I wouldn’t mind hearing about this other Pepper whenever you have a free moment.”
Toni frowned. “Well that’s a bad sign. It’s 2023.”
“No but I feel like they’re probably looking for a giant cobra to fight.” She dropped to the ground with a heavy clank and grabbed one of the twitching headless soldiers. “Let’s see. Rudimentary wiring, no on board computer for me to hack—smart—but ultimately pretty lazy if I do say so myself. I’m guessing whoever made these guys chipped them one by one with preprogrammed orders and then let them loose.”
Barnes was a…touchy subject where she was concerned but she could tell seeing him had helped Steve. Figuring it would was why she’d called in him and Nat in the first place. No doubt Steve was drifting and rudderless in this world not unlike his own, so seeing a friendly face would help to anchor him.
Toni made a mental note to ask him about that. “I hope Pepper got your size right from my—ah—descriptions. If not I guess I’ll just have to take your measurements myself.”
didn’t want Steve in 1945 then there was nothing any of them could do about it. Not even Strange.
Sometimes Toni wondered about Pepper and the what ifs.
. It took Pepper a while to realize I was flirting with her because she wasn’t expecting it. And I wasn’t exactly someone people took seriously. Or maybe he didn’t want you to know he was flirting with you.”
Steve chuckled; his heart was still racing, beating a staccato rhythm against his ribcage. “I’ll be there in a minute.” Guessing that Jarvis relayed his message to Toni, he crawled out of bed and made his way into the bathroom. Splashed cold water onto his face and stared at his reflection, resisting the urge to grip the sink and ultimately rip it from its mooring.  “I’m sorry, Peggy. I’m so sorry.”
“Well okay you’re going to need stuff while you’re here but you let me and Jarvis handle that. Not that you’re like on house arrest or anything. You can go where you please…I doubt anyone will really pay too much attention to you unless to like, check out the hot guy.”
was nice that way. He’d been worried about fitting in with the doppelgangers of the people he once knew, but honestly he’d slotted into place without trouble. Perhaps having Barnes and Natasha there had helped. In any case Toni had been surrounded by some of the people she cared about most in the world and yet instead of feeling pleased, she’d just felt sad. Not that bone deep sadness like when she’d learned her parents were dead or when Peter had turned to ashes in her arms, but just this sense that she was missing something. Which was stupid because obviously she wasn’t
an expresso maker but I let him have one because when I want to poison him it’ll be the easiest to go for.”
time?”
Steve arched a brow. “But you have goats?”
. I can go down to her workshop and she’s all over it…and if I make enough noise she’ll pop up on a screen asking me what the hell I’m doing. Always willing to drop everything to come back if need be.” She headed for the doorway. “She said you didn’t have that where you are from. The Tower I mean. James and I aren’t here as much as I’d like so you staying would work out for me. Maybe I’m selfish but I’d feel better knowing Toni had someone on hand to watch her back. Besides DUM-E and Jarvis that is.”
As invasive as it could be he’d actually missed it.
time things would be different. That this person would finally see how…worthy they were.
That annoyed Steve to the point where he found himself scrubbing so hard at a plate that he was rubbing the bright red roses off. “But they didn’t appear when we were collecting the stones. Wouldn’t that be a big deal? Traveling through time with the sole purpose of bringing back half of the population?”
so you don’t owe me your loyalty.”
Knowing that Jarvis would do his thing without her having to ask, she wet her lips. “So…sad times?”
“Hush. I’ll be eighty one in December; I’m allowed to say what I please.” Judith elbowed him in the ribs with as much force as she could muster, making him cough out a laugh. Her gold bracelet hit his shirt and snapped off with a tiny pop, flying off her wrist to slide right under the fridge. “Shit! I thought I’d fixed that damn clasp!”
only a matter of time before he sought her out. Of course it was just as likely that Jarvis had told on her. You could never be sure when it came to sentient AIs that housed a mothering streak.
“Unfortunately,” Jarvis mused and Steve laughed so hard he shook with it.
“Look man I get it. You’re sad because your friend died but at the same time, you’re a bit pissed off too. You resent him for leaving and I remind you of him because—you know—I’m him. And since you can’t yell at him…”
“Steve…” Toni reached out and gently shook his shoulder. “We’re home. Well the Tower which is sorta home.”
Captain America. Or I—I was.”
and wiser, aren’t you?”
“I know he annoys you but I hope Bucky Prime back home can have…that.” Steve gestured towards the direction Bucky had gone. “I hope that he finds a balance to his life and is able to experience joy. Be a bit of a smart ass again. I think hanging out with Sam will really help him. I foolishly thought having me in his corner was enough…”
“I…” Trailing off, he thought back to the strained relationship he’d had with his Tony in the beginning. How Tony had only ever called him Captain or Rogers or some other made up name, somehow making each sound like a dig against him. And then slowly over time he’d became Cap and Steve…until a bunker in Siberia turned those just as hollow as the others. Made them sound vicious in Tony’s mouth, laced with pain and betrayal.
“You had my poster but don’t wanna admit I’m the guy?”
“Fine no lies, geeze. Strange said it had something to do with Steve possibly carrying around too much energy and the Wraith aka time monster wanting to put him somewhere where he was already connected. Like here. Because of me.”
“No,” Steve replied carefully. Truthfully. “No I guess it wouldn’t be. Doesn’t mean I should stay though.”
“You know that wasn’t an invitation to just come over. I could have been naked. How did you get past my security protocols?”
She shrugged nonchalantly but he could see the way her pulse slightly quickened. “At first it was pretty painful and no matter what else I had going on, I could
Steve wasn’t convinced. Plate in hand he sat down across from her. “Really Toni it doesn’t bother me.  You can call me whatever you want. I
Steve laughed. “Shouldn’t I still hit you because of equality? Especially since you’ll be in the suit and can match me with no problems.”
“Toni learned at a young age that she would have to play the game. That being the smartest woman in a
Shit.
Her laugh was sudden and loud. She even let out a little snort that was sort of adorable. “While I usually never turn down the chance to check out a fine ass, I actually have a more foolproof idea. But it’s a surprise. For right now I…tentatively believe you…”
Standing again, Toni pulled her up and into the elevator. “I’d have to fight Barnes for him. Then again maybe showing him my boobs would do the trick. Oh! Jarvis show Pepper guy me.” As the elevator doors closed an image opened on them showing off the picture she’d lifted from Steve’s phone. “This is Anthony Stark.”
He shook his head. “No I—I don’t resent Tony at all. He saved all of us.”
“But why put me here in an alternate timeline? I mean is it to eventually erase me when this all disappears?” he questioned.
“Naturally. Totally worth the wait.”
“Remember when you made me ride the Cyclone at Coney Island? And I threw up?” He chanced a smile. “The zip line wasn’t pay back.”
And there it was. The answer to the question Toni had been wondering since he started telling this depressing tale. It shaped so much of Steve and it was like he didn’t even realize it. Pushed it aside or down—something she was familiar with—until it could be morphed into something that made sense. Tony Prime was dead and Steve needed it to make sense so he was replaying
For a split second he had no idea what she was talking about, and then he noticed the thin yet slightly puckered red scar disappearing down into the v-neck of her cleavage. “That’s from where you had the original arc reactor removed?”
. Your domain or whatever you wanna call it.”
“No.”
Soo hi lol. I apologize for the long lapse in updates. First I got terribly blocked on this fic and then real life hit me with a series of super soldier punches. That’s still sort of ongoing but I wanted to get back in the saddle with my stories. If anyone is still reading or if anyone new pops up, I hope you enjoy this! <3
, a small voice whispered in the back of his head.
Toni took her hair down and ran her fingers through it, blinking at the stylus that tumbled to the floor. “Huh. Was wondering where that went to. As for your question; it’s possible the Wraiths considered what you were doing acceptable because what Thanos did wasn’t natural. Overcrowding or no, the world is what it is and just deleting people at random because you feel like it is bullshit. Any of the people he snapped away could have been important to the future, and even if they weren’t it wasn’t his place to decide. Perhaps the Wraiths knew this so when you guys set out to fix things, they let you.”
Toni made a face. “Sure but only if you wanna knock Rhodey and I out of the sky too. An electromagnetic pulse would knock power out for at least three or four blocks.”
As she shampooed her hair her mind drifted to shirtless Steve in all his super serum glory. God he was one gorgeous ass man. Of course if his personality was shit his looks wouldn’t matter at all. Well, okay they would a little since asshole had never been a deal breaker for her. But that was the past. Truthfully she didn’t have the patience for an overly cocky pretty boy; just one of the reasons why she’d never accept Strange’s invitation for dinner.
Questions bubbled up in Steve’s throat and he found that he couldn’t hold them in any longer. He
Toni skidded into the elevator with a grin. “Well, this should be interesting.”
Without Tony—the space he’d left behind was so wide and so silent it was as if a black hole had swallowed everything up. The world mourned for him probably as much as his friends had though they felt it more keenly. After the funeral they’d all sat around talking about him and laughing at fond memories while the newcomers wished they could have known him better. Even Fury had a few interesting things to say; his voice going soft as he recounted how Natasha and Tony first met. And Steve had sat and listened to all of their stories and just felt it was all too quiet.
soldier,” she teased patting at her cheek.
Steve’s mouth quirked into a tiny grin. “Point taken. Though I don’t think there is a reality out there where Toni Stark would die of something so trivial.”
“And you?”
. After brief reintroductions I said
“I’d fight with you of course,” he replied eyes on where her fingers were tapping against her mug. “While I’m here, anytime you need me.”
“Eh you never know. In any case if I can’t die in an expensive nursing home surrounded by hot nurses, then blaze of glory would be my second option.”
. Did something…happen to him?”
Steve closed his eyes and absently leaned into her touch. Somehow it felt familiar even though it wasn’t. “And I said I’d be moving in permanently. I remember.” He paused to gather his thoughts. “I know you can do remarkable things Toni but I don’t expect you to do the impossible. Time travel notwithstanding. You have the Time Wraith to contend with this time around. If you couldn’t get me back to Peggy, I know it wouldn’t be for a lack of trying. I’d be sad of course but it’s not like I couldn’t easily make this place my home. Hell in a way I already have.”
pastries Toni had ever tasted. Really they were like a religious experience and Toni regularly ordered more than she should but who could turn down a honey drizzled glazed donut? Or twenty-four?
It took her about five minutes to find what she was looking for and another two to get the crate open. Then she was hurrying to the elevator and bouncing like a little kid as it sped up to the penthouse. “How’s handsome doing, J?”
“That’s comforting.”
expression, she threw her arms around his shoulders and squeezed, resting her cheek against the top of his head. “Thanks for the compliment, honey bear. I gotta say our little chat made me feel better. My thoughts are still scrambled but what else is new. Gonna be good cannon fodder for whatever I make later.”
isn’t as headline grabbing as
“Ah I see you’re having a crisis of identity. Makes sense. Well I could give you the scientific explanation about string theory or the astronomical theory but it would just be a lot of jargon not everyone even believes in. I’ve sort of been on the fence about it until you. To be honest Steve the point is that there
“You’ve found the one thing I’m not good at.”
wasn’t the right word but in the moment that’s just how you felt. Like you weren’t good enough or like everything you thought was real had just been a clever lie.
“Oh shit oh shit oh shit!” A female voice chanted, the sound of heels growing closer. “Oh fuck! Hey, hey are you dead? Please don’t be dead, the paper work alone would kill me and then we’d both be dead and I really don’t have time to plan a funeral right now.”
“You know the more I learn about this world the more I wish things had turned out differently where I’m from. It makes me wish I could go back in time and fix things. Makes me wish it actually worked that way.”
Steve—who’d been taking a sip from his water bottle—coughed as he started to choke just a little. “Wh—what?”
With a huff she stalked over to the fridge and yanked the door open, reaching for a bottle of water. “Why can’t you be more like Steve? Aren’t you both supposed to have that forties charm and stuff?”
And then Steve
. And then there were the stern texts from Pepper and
Damn if it wasn’t even better in person though.
Toni snickered but squinted at him. The things he said sometimes… “Ha ha. Anyway my penthouse is on the top floor but you probably already know that. I’m not sure right off hand who has what floor but I do know the guest suite on the floor under mine is free if you wanna claim it for now. Why don’t you go on up to the penthouse while I grab that surprise I mentioned earlier.”
She didn’t want to ask because a part of her didn’t want the answer but… “Are you sure you’re going to be alright…here with me I mean? Pouty lips and boobs aside; I am your dead friend. Grief is a terrible fucker and I would completely understand if—if I caused bad thoughts.”
Toni snickered. “It’s just a theory. Not like I would ever
“Hey Strange, how’s the cape? What took you so long to answer? Did you have to magic your phone from the fifth dimension or something?”
Steve exhaled deeply; that felt like a punch to the gut. “They were mostly about holding superheroes accountable for things they did, destruction they caused, that type of thing. I wasn’t—I wasn’t against them per se but there were parts of them I did not agree with. Mostly
“I—well I wasn’t thinking that but now I am. Don’t worry Mr. Rogers I’ll make sure everyone knows what a fabulous ass you have as you fight the forces of evil. People will salute it as you toss bad guys into store front windows.”
Toni exhaled deeply, weighing the pros and cons of even attempting to sort out what was going on inside of her head. “I just…have you ever had a moment where you’re like outside of yourself looking in? And even though it’s not sad what you see just sort of makes you sad?”
Toni huffed. “I think you’re equally to blame but since it’s two best friends getting to be the terrors they missed out on I won’t make a fuss. Might even rebuild it so that the next time you use it, it puts you through a wall.”
And now here he was…or a facsimile from another place.
There was one time he could remember above the others because it was mere weeks before SHIELD revealed its Hydra heads. Tony had called him up asking him if he wanted to try this new sushi place that had just opened up in Vegas. Offered to fly him out (
“Ms. Stark?”
Steve arched a brow. “You’re going to move the fridge?”
Or not hurting as much. Aunt Peggy married and had children; she’d had a good life. Maybe every once and a while she’d wondered
“I know that,” Steve said a bit stronger than he meant to. “I one hundred percent don’t see her as a substitute for anyone. Honestly when I look at her I just see…Toni.”
“People can come back from being destroyed. Some people. Starks can.”
Minutes later they were walking into the gym, the sound of Pepper’s high heels alerting that they were coming. They found Barnes and Steve stretched out on blue mats laughing about something, both perking up when they noticed they weren’t alone. Steve got a soft smile at the sight of Pepper and stood, slinging his towel around his neck.
“Alright chief you’re really making a good case here,” she breathed. “This is gorgeous work and it does look like something I would come up with because I do gorgeous work. Enforced against concussion blasts for optimal protection and dark for stealth purposes, but still very Captain America-y. You’ll have to model it for me. However the million dollar question; where is the shield?”
“No I get what you’re saying I just…it’s weird.” She pinched the bridge of her nose and drummed her fingers on the countertop. “Theoretically a being such as a Time Wraith could also be connected to speed and I mean if anything is made up of dark matter, it’s definitely those guys. But speed itself didn’t have anything to do with Steve’s trip. That was more quantum mechanics and Tony Prime’s brilliance. I just—” Leaning back in her chair, she rocked it from side to side. “Huh. Alright it’s possible that the Wraith was called because of the buildup of energy that Steve had to have been carrying from putting the stones back to where they belonged. Maybe all of that energy was supposed to go back to his actual reality and when he
Of course Toni had plans to badger Barnes a bit too but fluttering her lashes at him didn’t have any of the effect it did for Nat. That was probably for the best considering the can of worms it would open.
Toni squirmed a bit. “He
he thought to himself.
Toni sidled up beside him and bumped his arm. “Ready to prove you are who you say you are?” She jiggled her case and then headed outside onto the small balcony, hearing his heavy footsteps behind her. “I believe this is an old friend of yours.”
Tony Stark is Iron
Steve came awake at once, looking around frantically before ultimately realizing where he was. “Toni,” he said slowly. “So this wasn’t a dream, huh?”
And now here he was living in the Tower when not out on missions. It wasn’t easy having him around. But around he was.
After putting all of the stones back where they belonged—it’d taken longer than he’d assumed it would, having to dodge past versions of his friends and himself at times—he’d used the Pym Particles to jump back to late 1945 to be with Peggy. Naturally she’d been confused about the whole thing and he’d explained as much as he could but it hadn’t really mattered in the end. He was there and they were together, and things could finally be as they were always meant to be.
He chuckled again. “I think you two would have liked each other after getting over the shock. There would have been no problems left with two Starks running around.”
“Why?”
“Yeah.” He wanted to ask about SHIELD being compromised but there was something else tickling at the back of his mind. Something bigger. “You said you knew about Thanos and the stones. I—how did that go down for you? Were people not dusted? It took us five years to come up with a plan because that’s how long it took for Scott to get out of the Quantum Realm.”
Anyway when most people zoned out their minds tended to just jump around randomly, not focusing on anything particular because that was the main reason for zoning out. Letting your brain cool down or what have you from the stress of the day. Her mind however found running mathematical equations to be comforting. So as she sat at her desk down in her workshop, she stared into the middle distance while different equations for different types of enhances bounced around inside of her head. Improvements to the War Machine armor. A sleeker design for the Iron Woman armor; maybe black paint this time? A cybernetic arm that shot mini explosives…as long as it didn’t overheat and accidentally kill Barnes. Natasha would frown on that.
something. Technology was her domain and no matter what, she always managed to make it her bow down before her. Still she wasn’t God or an inter dimensional boogeyman intent on keeping the universe organized. If the Time Wraith
Watching everyone laugh and shovel dumplings into their faces just sort of brought on an odd sense of melancholy. Like being alone in a crowded room. Not to mention parts of the conversation had made her squirm with guilt she had no reason to feel. Tidbits about the Accords and briefs mentions of the tether keeping Steve in their reality. Things they hadn’t really touched on but should probably have a conversation about at some point, especially the tether.
“Why?”
“Before Thanos I’m not sure I would have believed you about alternate realities.” Rhodey shook his head. “I mean with Toni I always knew anything was possible but… Then he showed up and I met a talking raccoon from outer space, and we learned more about the Infinity Stones. Sometimes I really miss the days when all we had to worry about was Justin Hammer or whatever.”
In the end he’d ended up sending Tony postcards and annoying little touristy stuff from all the places he’d visited. They’d adorned a shelf in the Tower until it was sold.
One by one the G.I Joe knock offs began to jerk as if they were having a seizure, their movements becoming erratic and janky. Tiny, barely visible sparks of white electricity passed between their eyes and fingertips, causing them to lose their grip on their guns. Wisps of smoke wafted from their ears and upon further inspection Toni could see that they were actually melting. Motors shut down; a few even started to burn in place.
Steve smoothed down his shirt and stepped up beside Tony, drawing Nick’s critical eye. “It was me. I’m Captain America.” He held out his hand to be shook. “Steve Rogers. It’s…a long story.”
“He appears genuine and that’s all I care about, especially where you are concerned.”
Toni blinked and rolled her eyes up to the ceiling. “What is it, J?”
the power in my veins and in my lungs and in my bones. Hyping me up while snuffing me out. Then Carol was there and she just—she just grabbed my wrist and my arm like I’d fallen and she was helping me up. And I told Thanos to go to hell because I was Iron Woman and he did not know who he was fucking with.
to be here. When I think of all the places or worlds that Wraith could have dropped me? I’m damn happy there was a connection for him to draw on. You saved me…and I would never hurt you to get back to 1945. I couldn’t live with myself if that were the case. We’ll just wait and see what Strange comes up with.”
. She’s still Tony and it feels weird to think…” Steve trailed off, not sure how he wanted to finish that sentence. “I don’t know. I know she’s not the Tony I knew or remember but Jesus Buck, they’re so much alike. Sometimes I look into her eyes and it’s like I’ve known her for years. I showed up here and she had no reason to trust anything I was saying but she was willing to give me a chance to prove I was who I said I was. I’ve said some stupid shit to her out of misplaced anger and she’s forgiven me.”
grinned. “Yeah I know I must look like a drowned rat.” She peeped at her reflection in the tiny mirror over the sink. “Or not. This is what expensive makeup gets you. Feel like a drowned rat though. But yes I am she. With the money and the brain and the suit…and the lawyers so don’t sue.”
She motioned to the elevator. “You can crash if you want. You don’t have to keep me company or whatever. I actually have a few projects I should get on before people start blowing up my phone. I’ll be in my lab if you need me.”
Toni pouted. “Why? Is she mad? Does she look mad?”
Steve rubbed at the back of his neck. Seeing Natasha would throw him if it came to it but he’d deal. He’d adjust. “I think so. Now that I know what to expect.”
backwards with all the force Thanos had used to destroy the shield. He saw stars and then hit hard pavement, his head bouncing off solid concrete and slicing open a tiny cut above his left eyebrow. But because Steve was
“Maybe. Hot nurses seem more likely though.”
Yet somehow standing in the kitchen of Toni’s tower just—well it just fit. He already knew where everything was and although he was still reluctant to settle in, his room was shaping up to be
Bucky was still grinning. “Just a little robot to help with my training.”
“I got it.”
…” She waved a hand around. “Existed before you showed up. You didn’t cause this world—it’s not an alternate timeline of your making because you dealt with the Stones. If anything…since you had a guy Tony and I am clearly
Pepper smirked. “You feel like you already know me? Mm well it’s understandable if what Toni has told me is true, and this doesn’t sound like something even she could make up. However preconceived notions never did anyone any good.”
And although he’d never said so out loud; Tony dying was the catalyst for him going back to 1945. No more Iron Man had felt like the end of his era. Time to do what
Toni cracked a small smile and brushed the tear off his face. “Yeah. But if being a hero were easy, everyone would be doing it.”
Jarvis hummed and the curtains closed as a projector screen slowly lowered itself from the ceiling. “One ridiculous movie, at your request.”
Toni waved a hand. “You could just ask Jarvis for the details. Or why don’t you tell me about your version of New York. C’mon Steve you show me yours and I’ll show you mine and Jarvis will see it all.”
want it to have her physical prowess when it comes to fighting. It’s totally for sparring practice when Nat is away.”
in pieces and just really good at hiding it.
“The Audi,” she was saying. “We’ll take that and never speak of what happened to the Jag again. Ready to go Rogers?”
“Wait he kept the stones?”
“You look like you’re trying to solve one of the Millennium Problems.” Toni closed the door and leaned against it. “I’m not allowed to play because of the whole…you know…genius thing. What’s on your mind, soldier?”
a guy, the Wraith dropped you into another dimension
Rhodey flew overhead towards the front of the line. “Smart thinking, Toni. I’ll take care of the ones at the front.”
He didn’t want to pry but he was quite curious. “How did that feel?”
Tony so he had to go to her.
He snorted. “Okay. Tell me that stops you from creating the amazing things you create or from being Iron Woman and I’ll let you take all the shirtless pictures of me you want.”
reality. Like your world but with marked differences. Of course I’d have to look into the science and maybe check you over for that Captain America stamp I heard is supposed to be on your ass.  This all hedges on you actually being Steven Grant Rogers and not just a cute mental patient. As for why the Wraith would put you here? No clue. Yet.”
But that wasn’t what she wanted to do, not really. Yes, it was too late to sit both guys down and force them to say what needed to be said, but would offering up her own forgiveness not do
. Steve settled back into bed while Toni got on the phone with Pepper to do their Toni and Pepper thing. He could hear her from outside in the hallway and now that he was paying attention, now that he knew what to look for, yeah he could see it. He could see
organization with the help of Carol’s Skrull friends.”
Honestly the whole thing just made Steve disappointed that there hadn’t been more dinners and downtime back at Tony Prime’s tower. He’d say they should have made time but really, none of them had thought
Pepper kissed her cheek and flowed into the hallway the minute the door opened. “Good. Take care and I’ll be in touch. Oh expect a visit from Rhodey tomorrow.”
Pulling back, she made a face. “I guess I should go check on Steve and make sure Bruce is behaving himself. Who knows the kinda questions he is asking him.”
“Ms. Stark?”
“Why?”
“That’s all I’ve ever wanted.”
“It’s strange to hear about events here yet know I wasn’t apart of them. I keep trying to work out how things were solved without me around.”
“I’m glad to hear that, truly. You deserve all the happiness, Toni. More than you know.”
Steve smiled but remained quiet so she kept rambling. “For years I walked around with a freaking hole in my chest, I think I could handle whatever cutting this tether would do. Especially if it’s the quickest way to get you back to where you want to be. Maybe I should look into it myself.”
Her smile was small and secretive. “They don’t hurt but they aren’t the only reason or even the main reason. The tower is my home and at any given time it’s filled with misfits that I’m proud to call my family. They come and go—sometimes to different planets—but the one constant is Toni. Even if she’s in L.A. or Miami for some reason she’s still
Toni snorted loudly. “I agree and I would do it if I thought that was
and Bucky replied
Steve snorted lightly. “True.” He reached for something on a plate and popped it into his mouth, sucking a bit of cream off his thumb.
She chuckled before turning somber once again. “Seriously though Steve. I know what the serum does for you but you’re not a human pincushion. You might not experience pain like us mere mortals but you
“I’m Toni Stark,” she snickered. “First screw SHIELD and second…my dad made this so technically it reverts back to me. I totally stole it and left a very convincing replica in its place. Not like they go down there and play with it so they’ll never know…unless they do actually go down and try to play with it in which case it’ll break apart like wet clay.”
And one from Rhodey also letting her know he’d be by because
“I hope you’re never put in that situation, Toni. I hope there’s another way out for you.”
Steve perked up. “I bet Peter loves that.”
Toni wrapped the white strand of hair around her finger and tugged. “Hearing you talk about yourself isn’t the same as…experiencing you. Look never mind. I won’t stick my nose into this tether business. I’ll focus on the GPS though if Strange comes through I see no reason he can’t just drop you back into 1945. He’d probably say no though because he’s a dick.” Petting DUM-E on his hook, she meandered back to her holograms. “In the meantime I guess you’re stuck with me.”
If the word
Shifting, Steve twisted so that he was facing her. His eyes focused on nothing before settling on her face almost like they were forced. There was a resolute shine in them that she noticed from old clips where he’d been planning the next attack. Whatever he was about to say he was determined to get it out. “Bucky says you helped him after everything he did. Or was made to do.”
“Well the snap happened and people were blinked out of existence. Carol was off world helping her Skrull friends when Thanos arrived and try as we might, we couldn’t defeat him. It seems the only true constant for both of us is Scott being stuck in the Quantum Realm. He got out and Carol came back, and we decided to take the fight directly to Thanos. On Titan.” She wet her lips and gazed into the middle distance. “He was a bit mad by then. The stones had driven him even crazier and he kept rambling about some chick and how she didn’t care about what he’d done.”
know the details he can come by but he has to keep his stupid trap shut afterwards. No telling Hope or her dumb dad.”
“We were.” He nibbled on his bottom lip. “I had fun today. With you. Even though it makes me feel like I’m living a lie.”
“Duh yes.” She put her hands on her hips. “Might take a few but if guy me can do it then I can to. And I’ll make mine prettier. However what you should be asking is can I make something to keep the Time Wraith from chucking you out of 1945 again. And yes Virginia I can. Most likely…as soon as we figure out why they don’t want you there in the first place. Jarvis can you set aside some play time for me to start on that?”
consider myself retired though. That was the plan.”
Steve picked at the carpet, pulling up stray pieces of lint until he had a little pile. “Tony and I weren’t on speaking terms when Thanos first attacked Earth. If we’d been together—but we weren’t. It had been a year or maybe two. Sam, Natasha and I were on the run because of the whole thing with the Accords and being against them. Well I was…Natasha wasn’t. I think Sam just got involved because he’s my friend.” He paused to inhale and exhale. “Here Nat saved Bucky but there it was me. I knew what he’d done to Tony’s parents but I didn’t tell Tony. Nat and I didn’t tell him and he found out in the worst way possible. That asshole named Zemo showed him footage of Bucky murdering his parents while Bucky and I looked on. Tony asked me if I had known and I said yes. We fought. Bucky and I against Tony. That day changed everything.”
Toni drifted back out into the lounge area and then into the kitchen where a pot of coffee was nearly ready. She fetched her favorite mug from a cabinet and leaned against the counter, bare toes wiggling against the cool floor tiles. She needed to work on Nat’s Widow Bite upgrades and fix War Machine’s sticking servos and figure out why Clint’s bow was doing
Back out in the lounge area he found Toni in a wine colored tunic dressed cinched tight at the waist by a black belt. The arc reactor was nestled into place as always, the bottom hidden by tiny white buttons. She had on dark leggings and stylish shoes and it brought to mind another Tony that always looked good no matter the occasion.
Bucky remained silent so Steve kept talking. It was like he couldn’t stop. Everything was rushing to the surface, bringing with it the rubble of past mistakes and sharp memories he’d rather not think about. “I don’t regret saving you Bucky, not for a second but fuck if I don’t regret that it cost me Tony in the process. I never wanted that. I never wanted him to get hurt. I never wanted to have to choose between the people I cared about,” he whispered. “And yeah in the end we made up but all that lost time. I’ll never get that back. I’ll never get him back…”
Steve grinned. He was still going back for seconds though.
Steve smiled and felt his chest fill with warmth at this impractical person in front of him. They were strangers and yet they weren’t, not really. It didn’t make much sense to him but he supposed it didn’t have to. “Can you make one?”
Bruce chuckled. “That does make all the difference. Since Thanos things have been…well let’s just say not much tends to phase us anymore. We’re not complacent but going through all of that changed us. Me quite literally.”
“He said the chains will get stronger and higher the longer I’m here. They’ll eventually be to my shoulders though I’ll never feel them or anything; it’s sort of symbolic.”
robot and honestly, I’d rather go back to making weapons than do something that creepy. If I haven’t built myself a boyfriend or girlfriend I’m not taking the time to build him a second girlfriend.”
“True but I’m not sure how Steve would take that.”
“Hey Pepper and I argue all the time but we still love each other. Technically she’s been telling me what to do longer than I can remember and I was supposed to be
“How can I top that? What’s bigger than time travel? Like Thor and Carol have already got traveling to other planets in the bag. Hm I guess I could go down since they went up. What do you think Steve? Should I go down?”
Swallowing thickly, he sniffed and went about his brief morning routine. He had everything he needed thanks to Pepper and once he was done, he pulled on a grey t-shirt and headed to the elevator.
others wanted him to be so slacks and khakis worked their way back into his wardrobe.
So she worked on her experiments and fired off texts and wandered around the Tower enjoying her second chance at life to the fullest. Having Steve on hand though…well it was interesting to see all of the empty little pockets he was filling.
“I am Toni Stark,” she replied, voice modulated. “I am Iron Woman.”
“I’ll tell the team to come in tomorrow so we can get them up to speed. Send the jet for Bruce because he should be here for this. They are gonna freak out,” she said happily. “Good times all around.”
“Thanks for coming to check on me, Toni.” He reached up and squeezed her shoulder. “I really appreciate it.”
“No and even if it were possible, I wouldn’t do it.” Strange’s expression became severe. “A tether is a divine tie and trust me when I say they don’t develop out of the blue. Removing it could cause you serious harm. It could fracture you.”
” She made the sound with her left hand. “I woke up from a coma a month later with no hand and some odd scarring on my back that sorta looks like fulgurites. Consensus is had Carol not been holding me I probably would have died; that she helped absorb some of the energy. So no I’m not
“They’re all my rooms!” Toni shouted pointing at him. “Careful you don’t end up sleeping on the roof.”
“Your guest is currently enjoying the view.”
Wasn’t that what they used to say?
“Mostly. I’ve gotten deeper into scientific research which was my first calling. I like speaking to the younger generation about gamma radiation, and possibly perusing careers in the sciences. But if I’m needed to fight I come when called,” Bruce explained as he cleaned his glasses on a handkerchief. “I’ve always found teaching to be fun and these days more kids are into math and science. It feels good to prepare the next generation for whatever may come.”
“It’s possible I’m becoming too attached to him,” she admitted softly. “Having him around I mean. I catch myself making like, future plans of shit we could do together and then I remember he probably won’t be around that long.” Turning to her tablet, she tapped in a series of numbers and a bright blue hologram flared to life in the middle of the room. It was disjointed much like a broken mirror but all of the pieces had notes beside them. “I’ve already started working on a device that would fool the Time Wraith into thinking he belongs in that other timeline. It’s…slow going only because I’m not sure that timeline even still exists. The universe has a habit of correcting what it considers a mistake.”
Steve all but pouted. “It’s not the same, Toni. They aren’t my Dodgers anymore. But thank you for the offer.”
“Peggy!” Steve shot up in bed as if he’d been electrocuted, legs tangled in the soft cotton sheets.  He rolled onto his side and nearly brained himself on the bedside table, arm flailing out to knock over a lamp. It hit the carpet with a soft thump.
Jarvis scoffed. “DUM-E makes you smoothies out of motor oil.”
“Look I know Toni can be impossible but she
Toni snickered darkly. “Oh second thought, cancel that J. No supplies for the Captain. I can’t afford it. Oh and burn Barnes’ too just in case he gets any ideas about sharing.”
Rhodey hummed. “You seem to be adjusting well here though.”
Steve snorted lightly, smoothing his hand across his chin. “Of course it doesn’t have to be all or nothing. The question is though what
Glancing around like he always did before giving her a little smile, Rhodey made his way over to where she was currently perched. Grabbed up the extra stool with its shiny black wheels and pulled it close so that he could sit beside her.
“You mean after I ushered one sleepy super soldier to bed? Yeah I did,” she replied as he sat back down. “I got enough to function but I might nap later. I do that now. I nap.”
“Glad that doesn’t happen to my arm when it gets wet.” Barnes slowly lowered his rifle.
“I know, I know.” He looked downright miserable. “I thought there was time.”
She snickered but it was laced with warmth. “You can’t kill a Time Wraith, bud. They exist beyond time and space—they are eternal. From the bits I know about them they just are and hardly ever interfere in our mundane lives unless, well unless someone like you comes along.”
“Uh…yup. Are you sure you’re okay? I think you got hit harder in the head than you want to admit.”
“Bullshit.” Her frown returned.
Toni smiled; she kinda loved this old lady. “They are. We’re having a low key dinner so that they can meet a new friend of mine. And you know Bruce loves your croissants. I’ve had to put on the armor to get them away from him.”
“It’s Toni.”
“Whoa! Steve, hey look at me!” Warm hands caressed his cheeks. “C’mon handsome show me those pretty baby blues. You know you want to.”
story in
“True but that doesn’t mean you should let him slide if he says something stupid. Or if he keeps comparing you to that other Tony Stark. You’re a unique individual and he should see that.”
“I’ve never thought so. I have always enjoyed your conversation,” Jarvis said truthfully. “Besides I had thought you would be spending time with Colonel Rhodes. You were very excited for his arrival earlier.”
Toni poked her in the side. “I bet she has more shoes than you. I bet they have Jimmy Choos over there we’ve never even heard of.”
Toni dragged a hand through her hair, tugging idly at the ends.
Rhodey chuckled. “Hi to you too. Why are you down here by yourself?”
“With Peggy,” he replied slowly. “That’s—it’s where I belong.”
Chewing on her bottom lip, she shrugged. “I get that, I used to have a hole in my chest. Being a hero and wanting to help everyone is sort of anathema to taking care of yourself. But if we fall, who’s gonna be around to help those left? Whenever I go out I want to do it as a boss…not because I got gangrene because I didn’t get a cut tended to.”
Rhodey stood and flashed her a devilish little grin. “I’ll come with you. I think it’s time I got to know this Steve Rogers.”
So Toni had done what Toni did best; faked it. Laughed and cracked jokes and made fun of Barnes until everyone was full and itching to do something else. Bruce had practically jumped for joy when Steve agreed to let him run a few low level tests, and really it’d been the perfect moment for Toni to beg off citing science stuff so that she could disappear into her workshop to gather her bearings.
Grabbing up her jacket, she slipped it on and motioned for him to follow her. “C’mon. If anyone says anything just smile and nod. They’ll be too busy swooning for a follow up.”
Aunt Peggy on the other hand talked more about
the future and without him…”
“And Toni was okay with that?”
Steve squinted at her. “Thank you for helping me. I’m fine though, really. I feel better already.”
. It gives credence to your theory. However may I make a suggestion you are not going to like?”
Steve rolled his eyes but it was clear he was in a good mood. “How about you show me what you else you’re working on in here.  C’mon. Blow my mind, Ms. Stark.”
Toni visibly squirmed but she appeared pleased so he decided it was a win. “Yeah yeah so and anyway rules of the universe state probable changes depending on mitigating factors. There is most likely another universe where Pepper and I are both guys and we probably adopted adorable babies or something. Luck of the cosmic draw. As long as the multiple Peppers are having a blast all is right in candy land. Well unless one hooks up with Rhodey then I might have a few choice words and places to aim my repulsors. Gotta have a line somewhere, Steve.”
“Wow,” Pepper whispered. “He’s gorgeous. I can’t believe you’re a man in another reality. It’s hard to make sense of it—that we have clones running around out there.”
he was staggering to his feet within seconds, becoming drenched by the chilly rain pouring down from a now night sky.
Now it was her turn to squint at him. “Are you bullshitting me or…” When he didn’t reply she chuckled. “Okay. Well Steve it’s nice to meet you. I’m Toni. Toni Stark.”
“Of course,” Jarvis replied. “I’ll make sure there is double everything.”
Steve nodded. “What do you want to know? I can tell you shit that’s not in the history books. You can also ask Bucky but…not sure I want him recounting my greatest hits.”
“I understand that it could come off otherwise due to the situation but because of everything that went down with my Tony, I feel like I’m even more aware of things. There were times when I wasn’t very good to Tony Prime; it’s not a mistake I’m going to make twice.”
“Nope.”
“Yes ma’am.”
“Yes.”
“It never is.”
“Please don’t.” He smiled a little. “So you believe me? Just like that?”
Bucky nodded. “She found out when her and Nat cracked some usb drive or something. That’s why she didn’t trust me and wanted me dead, not that I blame her. It wasn’t me…but it was. I still don’t know how Nat talked her down from blowing my head off but she did. My name was cleared—what was left of it—and then started the healing to get rid of the Hydra shit. I spent some time in Wakanda and then came back here to be with Nat. Toni put me in that program she created to help brains and it did wonders.” He tilted his head. “Why do you look like you’re about to shit yourself and throw up at the same time?”
was an embellished ideal because of what wasn’t allowed to become.”
“Ooh you cougar you.” Toni chuckled. “You should let me do something nice for you guys. Sexy weekend in Hawaii maybe? I think they have nude beaches.”
getting hurt on my watch. We’ll find another way.”
“I don’t know. More often than not Tony and I were arguing about something. Never thought I would miss those fights but…”
were probably in his favor. At least that’s what he’d perhaps blindly assumed—giddy optimism Tony had called it.
“Steve?”
But anyway he didn’t hate this reality though a part of him kind of wished he did. It just…it would be easier if he did.
“What if she isn’t? What if she isn’t waiting for you? What if you being yanked out of that timeline put it back how it was supposed to be and she doesn’t even remember you were there in the first place?”
is. Christ look alive here man I’m asking you about
Toni grinned at him. “True. But we did miss out on the spectacular view.”
He couldn’t even see a panty-line…
timeline, then ours would run parallel except for some minor detail.” She tilted her head to the side in thought. “In theory. Frankly that whole explanation sounds like crickets to me but they were able to use it to get the Stones so… Anyway to answer your question if I could get Steve back to the moment he left, then it would be like he never left at all. So he’d be going back to the life he wanted. Retirement. Pickett fence.”
He snickered. “That can be plan B then.”
He sliced that thought off before it could fully form. “What do you know about Pym Particles?” he asked instead for the sake of his own sanity.
Rhodey shrugged. “I’ve met a talking raccoon and a talking tree. Captain America from a different universe almost makes the most sense. However Toni hasn’t had time to really fill me in on the details.”
You’d think he’d be used to nightmares of all kinds by now but in spite of everything he’d be through, a few could surprise him even now. A few could tear him apart from the inside out, and he figured had he not always been stubborn and strong he’d have broke by now. Then again there was a good chance he
like that while dressed like some type of Christian missionary? Toni wasn’t the religious type but she’d listen to him tell her about the good word all day long just to be able to stare at him some more.
Swallowing hard to keep the tears at bay, Steve managed a sloppy smile.
Bucky shook his head. “Nothing to explain. I don’t know you who are pal but putting on the face of a dead hero—
“Fuck no. She hit me dead in the chest with her respulors and blew me out a window,” Bucky mused. “Not that I blamed her after what I’d done to her folks and everything. She didn’t want me here and she didn’t want to help me but she did because Natasha asked her to. And, well, she’d read my file so she knew the deal. It wasn’t easy and she still doesn’t like me but she hasn’t sicced her robots on me in a long time so, progress I guess.”
“You have the best ideas.” Toni fluttered her lashes dramatically. “Though if Jolly Green is stopping by we’re going to need more food, and some of that weird tea he likes. Jarvis put in some orders for stuff the gang likes and make sure it’s here by nightfall.”
Toni jogged around a corner and ducked into a nondescript alcove that almost appeared to be a building flaw, if not for the fancy black keypad that only tended to be revealed when Jarvis deemed it so. She typed in the code, stretched her eyes wide for the retinal scan and then slipped inside once a door hissed open. Inside was an array of different things that she’d collected over the years; gadgets and paintings and old Avengers gear that she’d long since upgraded. Sometimes she destroyed them but other times she kept them around for sentimental value.
“Strange…” Toni sighed. “Not a bad idea, J. He is the keeper of the Time stone and he has firsthand knowledge when it comes to Thanos and other realities. But I’m not sure I want to put Steve on his radar…”
“What about Pepper?” he asked before he thought better of it. “I mean I…in my reality…”
Toni stood and stretched with a loud groan, bones popping as she twisted. “For the record I like how you keep standing up for guy Tony. Warms the cockles of my non shrapnel filled chest to think he had someone like you in his corner. All Tonys must be protected at all costs…as the internet is fond of saying. Now! Barring rabid frogs what do you want to do today? I have a few ideas but you’ll probably veto like five of them however in my defense having my very own Captain America shirtless calendar is something I need—nay deserve.”
“How…your hand?” He grabbed it and smoothed his thumb across the lines on her palm.
Perking up, she got that
“Look who came to threaten you to be nice to me!” Toni giggled cheerfully. “Pep this is Steve Rogers. Steve this is my Pep.”
Wetting her lips and eying him speculatively, she twirled her hair up into a quick bun and backed away slowly. For a moment Steve felt bad thinking he’d scared her, but then she tapped her chest and that familiar hum of power filled the room. He watched in a state of complete shock as armor—
“Abuse!” Toni shouted. “But I’ll let it slide because you’re one of my favorite people. And you’re coming with me to that charity dinner for first responders.”
it wouldn’t hurt if he was prepared for that one percent chance that this might be his new home now.”
was needed to function as a unit. And they’d been mostly right although Tony had always wanted them to do more random stuff together. How many times had he invited them on trips or vacations or to sporting events? And how many times had they all begged off with
there for Tony. I feel like her will to see Tony again kept her alive when everyone else was snapped.” He wet his lips. “This tether business.”
yet now you’re leaving him at Bruce’s mercy. And don’t think I didn’t notice how quiet you were at dinner. Well, quiet for you anyway.”
“Interrogations already, Ms. Stark?”
The world was such a colder place now.
Steve sighed. “Alright so I was glancing in her direction. Am I supposed to pretend Toni isn’t good looking?”
“You know what I mean!” he exclaimed with laughter. “In any case I know you’d be a great mom. There was…after Tony’s funeral we all got together at the cabin and Pepper released this beautiful flower arrangement into the water and in the middle was Tony’s first arc reactor. She’d had it framed with the caption
“Is everything alright Captain Rogers?”
And the shield. The
Suitably raw, Toni picked up her bat and inched around him. “Uh this hitting the ball thing is it—”
“I didn’t,” Steve replied softly. “I’ve made my fair share of mistakes. I’ve let people down.”
“Well…better late than never?”
To say that he was nervous about meeting this Rhodey would be an understatement. He was probably tied for first place when it came to who were the most important people in Tony’s life. Like Pepper, Rhodey was very protective of Tony and even when he’d stuck up for them with Secretary Ross, there had been
“No it’s not that,” Steve said honestly. “Really it’s hard to put into words. I never thought I would see Tony again, not—not as I knew him anyway and while that’s true here it’s also not. If I’d made sure Howard wasn’t a dick to Tony in my new timeline with Peggy and always been there for him, it would have changed him. Tony was shaped by the experiences of his life so changing the experiences changes him. But here it’s—it’s the truest version of him without actually
Rhodey grasped her wrist—the one with the artificial hand—and just sat there, letting her hug him until her heart’s content. After all these years Toni still had no idea what she’d do without Rhodey. She had no clue as to what type of person she would be without his calming influence, and she was happy she’d never had to find out. Stuck in that cave surrounded by the desert heat, she’d known if Rhodey was alive he was looking for her even if no one else was. That he wouldn’t stop until he found her…and in the end she’d been right. Granted she’d escaped on her own (not excluding Yinsen’s contribution at all) but it wasn’t a surprise that the first face she saw afterwards was Rhodey’s.
“I would,” Steve replied. “Nothing good comes from lying to your friends. But the tether doesn’t bother me. How could I not like something keeping me safe? I’d rather be chained here—literally and magically—than hurling through space forever.”
She hummed. “Alright but hey it won’t hurt to get checked out.”
—were safe, the world was safe and lately the only thing she’d had to fight were run of the mill bad guys. Everyone was thriving.
Anyone else would have slightly chastised her but Steve just laughed and shook his head as if he were charmed. He fixed her with that sad look again and then held out his arm so that she could slip the shield onto it. “It looks good on you,” she told him. “Now I’ve seen the old video clips of Cap handling his shield. No one else could throw it or catch it the way he could. Show me what you’ve got.”
slowly Bucky lowered his guns, blue eyes widening slightly. He
Before Steve could argue or whatever he planned to do, Bucky was clapping him on the shoulder and leaving the room.
Clothes had changed
Truthfully Steve did feel more at ease around her now but it would be silly to think she was
. I should have told him.”
“Hey!” she squawked. “Unless you want to take cold showers for the rest of forever you’ll take that back! And I—share. I share with Rhodey and with Pepper and sometimes Natasha; you’re the unknown here.  You
Another ball lost the wilderness. “Would you mind if Bucky and I used the gym to spar?”
He arched a brow. “How do you come to have it then?”
“Sound hypothesis ma’am,” Jarvis said with obvious affection. “My research has turned up quite a few instances of them being referred to as
She made a face. “Steve please stop thanking me, you’re gonna give me the heebie and the jeebies. It’s…fine. You need help and I can provide it.”
Groaning up at the ceiling, Toni combed her fingers through her hair with an aggravated jerk. “I don’t see a problem.”
Steve held his hand out to be shook again and Rhodey complied. “I get it. And you don’t have to worry about me. I also just want what’s best for Toni.”
Without warning he was sliding into her path and cutting off her steps. His hands came up to grasp her shoulders before smoothing down to circle her wrists. Startled she blinked up at him, the sound of the wrench clattering to the floor falling on deaf ears. “Please don’t,” he said faintly. “Toni being here with you isn’t some hardship I’m forced to put up with. It’s—well it’s not where I saw myself that’s true but it’s—it’s not
“Well not to me but Pepper thinks I should give other people chances to be philanthropic too.” Shrugging, Toni crossed over to the broken treadmill and gave it a pat. “Your watch is over, good buddy. Don’t worry I’ll make sure your sisters and brothers don’t suffer the same fate.”
of America. Not to mention you flew commercial instead of letting me send the jet, so you probably want to get a shower. Ooh Jarvis order us a couple of pizzas and some sushi. Would it be wrong to tell Pepper there is an emergency so that she’ll rush over to eat with us?”
It was a shitty thing to say but he couldn’t help himself. The idea of Tony’s death being a simple twist of fate? No. Fuck that.
return there, the Wraith got involved. Could be it didn’t even see Steve as a person but as an extension of the stones, considering their role in everything. So stones go back, Steve doesn’t and the Wraith thinks it’s an anomaly it has to correct.”
“Stark,” Adam replied as he headed into the kitchen with his armful of platters.
She shrugged lightly. “I adjusted to my new hand after inventing it and sort of…kept going. Eventually crime returned and Iron Woman was needed.”
“I know what you mean,” Bruce said lightly. “I don’t know how we would be fairing if we’d lost Toni. She can be a real pain in the ass but I couldn’t imagine her not being here giving me grief or talking me down when I need it. Hearing about where you came from makes me realize just how lucky we were in comparison. Our Nat and Toni are safe, and I’m so grateful. But I am truly sorry for the pain you’ve went through.”
Toni rested her chin to her knee. Her pajama pants had tiny Captain America shields on them. “What about all the evil shit in your reality that would eventually need kicking?”
still here. But thank you for considering our feelings.”
“How?” Bucky asked inquisitively.
“Seeing as how we are dealing with the subject of Time, perhaps it would be beneficial to call in an expert in the field,” Jarvis suggested. “I believe you have one on speed dial.”
He put his phone off to the side. “I want to believe Tony accomplished everything he wanted but with how he was, it’s like the sky was never enough. He could have done so much more. But he was happy before—before. With Pepper and their daughter. Tony was happy and I…”
Natasha patted his shoulder. “I’m sorry you lost your Tony. And your Natasha. Though if you stayed here you’d have both. Not as substitutes of course but I wouldn’t be against getting to know you. James has told me stories about you and it’s obvious you’re trustworthy. You could have a good life here.”
Avengers compound that he’d felt even a sense of home. Tony hadn’t touched their rooms though general weapons he’d stored there were missing. Everything else was the same however and sinking into his bed that night nearly made him weep. Half the population was gone, Tony was missing and everyone was adrift but for one brief minute he’d been content. Naturally he felt horrible afterwards.
As Rhodey headed for the door Steve glanced back to Toni—who offered up a gentle smile—before following. They walked in silence for a moment to the long glass walkway that connected the two sides of the tower, presumably for when you didn’t want to take the elevator or when it just wasn’t feasible. Rhodey stopped midway and leaned against the railing, hands clasped together. Far below was the lobby where during the day people milled around doing their jobs.
“So how are you Judith?”
to make it out of old timey bubble gum wrappers but she argued against it. Anyway as you can see water does it in a pinch. It’s like when you toss a toaster into a bathtub.”
“Iron Man?”
Steve grinned. “It was from a factory in Krausberg where they were making
Steve Rogers knew the moment he wasn’t coming back to 2023. It wasn’t tightening his shield to take on an entire army with the odds immeasurably stacked against him and it wasn’t in the heat of battle with dirt and shards of a broken ship raining down around him. It wasn’t even immediately after watching Thanos turn to ashes and feeling bone deep relief…before the inevitable weight of crushing sadness at having lost Tony. It was after when the quiet took over. When reality hit that they’d won but not everyone would be around for the celebration. They were missing two key members who’d been around since the beginning, and without them things just didn’t seem
Toni on his side, even the one from an alternate reality. It just felt right especially after…everything. “Thank you.”
Steve bit the inside of his cheek. “Maybe except you didn’t see the Captain America from here die. He was already gone when they found him but I’d been fighting side by side with Tony for…the whole battle. And before… We survived
A monitor off to the side flared to life, showing Rhodey in the elevator as it descended towards her location. “Yes. Captain Rogers is quite the hit with your friends. He would make a wonderful addition to your team…should he decide to remain here.”
“Ah. Does it have anything to do with that streak in your hair?” he teased.
hand…
“Your
Toni opened her mouth to reply but a doctor finally came in, looking quite curious as to why they were sitting on the floor. Although Steve was sure he was completely healed by now he let himself get a cursory check up, glad there was no need to have blood taken or whatever. He was given a clean bill of health but told they would keep him for a few hours
For a moment Toni wondered if she recognized him—it would be silly to think no one realized how much he resembled Captain America—but from the mischievous twinkle in her eye that obviously wasn’t the case. It was just Judith about to be completely inappropriate; something Toni loved about her.
But the point however was that Washington never felt like home. Being on the run with Sam and Nat—arguably the two people he was closest to at the time—hadn’t felt like home either. It wasn’t until he and the other Avengers were dragging their bruised and bloody bodies off their ship and into the
She picked up a miscellaneous wrench and smacked it against her palm. “Is he this annoying where you’re from, because he’s super annoying here. I’d heard about him when he was a doctor and it was always how much of a brilliant asshole he was. Why the universe thought someone with
“I don’t know why I’m thinking about this. It’s pointless,” he said aloud as he put on his boots.
“I…suppose not.” He adjusted the bed to an incline so that he wasn’t just flat on his back. “You haven’t told me your name yet though. I’m Steve.”
, since we’re both in the hero business and all. Kinda feel like he might just be trying to get me into bed though.”
Toni could understand that. More time to just be Bucky and Steve instead of Soldier and Cap. “I watch him and Natasha spar some times. Then I leave before they do something that blinds me. We should spar. I could put on the suit and you could not hit me because I’m a lady.”
Snickering at her own dumb thoughts, she turned her attention back to the task at hand. An army of literal plastic-like soldiers—like people sized G.I. Joes—were currently marching down Park Avenue, shooting at anything that moved with some type of laser rifles. Natasha and Barnes were picking them off from behind a few parked cars while Rhodey flew overhead, drawing some of their fire as he dropped tiny bombs onto them. They exploded like confetti; body parts flying this way and that.
“My name is Steve Rogers.” Steve offered a hand to be shook and Strange took it. “I’m from…well another reality.”
Steve had missed him. More than once he’d wanted to go see him but wasn’t sure if he’d be welcomed. Fear kept him from finding out until Scott returned, then not only did they have a chance to bring everyone back but he had a reason to see Tony again. Something concrete that wasn’t just for old time sake.
It was near ten thirty when they entered the Tower and the view from the wide windows was utterly amazing. She nudged Steve in the back when he stopped to admire it—again—and told him to entertain himself while she caught up on messages. That unfortunately took longer than she’d expected, with Scott yelling at her but also wanting to know what was so secret it had to be
In the beginning Steve hadn’t known how to take Natasha’s bluntness; it was only rivaled by her ability to lie to your face without so much as blinking. But—and he realized how ironic it sounded—he wasn’t one for secrets and when she deigned to tell the truth she did so without beating around the bush.
“Yes,” Jarvis replied with a note of a smile in his artificial voice. “His Uncle has expressed it’s good for him to have a female figure in his life since the untimely passing of his Aunt. Ms. Stark doesn’t consider herself a good role model but I can confidently say she has been a wonderful influence over young Mr. Parker.”
Peggy would probably find it less amusing…
Toni shrugged. “Not sure. Strange is going to look into the whole thing so we’re sort of in limbo. In the meantime he’s going to be staying here and hanging out I suppose. Meeting everyone. You’re going to like him.”
I'd just like to thank anyone who is still reading this fic, anyone who has left a comment or kudos and anyone just showing up. I know updates have been messy lol and I do apologize. My dad passed away in February after a rather sudden battle with cancer, and while I did write a little bit (mostly more self indulgent things ;) ) some stuff just wasn't flowing. This fic being one of them. But here I am getting back into the swing of things and I'm excited to hopefully update all of my work in the coming weeks/months.
“And yet very much his pragmatic style,” she replied nonchalantly. “The Strange here would have done the same thing without a doubt if he’d had the chance. While fighting Thanos the first time things got dicey and he lost the stone. That was how Thanos got it. Still not sure on the details since I was too busy trying not to get crushed inside of my suit by some big rock monster thing. Anyway after we got everyone back and things settled down, he suggested we should become more
“I lost mine before Stevie did. You can thank Hydra for that.” Bucky grinned and hopped up onto the counter. “C’mon Stark it would really help me out. And don’t tell me you don’t relish the thought of building something that cool.”
He smiled. “No I knew you could handle it. I just—it’s not something that needs to be advertised. Honestly it’s not something I like to think about…and there was no need for Bucky to know.”
“Calm down Steve it’s cool. Pepper and I were together here but it didn’t work out. She’s still my best girl but she’s with Happy now and I’m
“I don’t want her to feel weird about it or guilty like she did something wrong.”
like him. There are Toni Stark lookalikes ya know. One happens to have an amazing show in Vegas.”
—and unzipped it to peer inside. “Ooh this is nice. I’d say it’s too nice for cosplay but I’ve seen some awesome costumes at Comic Con. Is this…Carbon Polymer Kevlar weave?”
Steve exhaled shakily and balled his hands into fists. Several different emotions rolled in his stomach, making him feel green around the edges. One of his most vivid memories was finally getting through to Bucky. Stopping that helicopter by sheer strength and will alone; hiding him away until they could figure out what to do about the other Soldiers. The airport…fighting people who were supposed to be his friends. And then…
“Actually Stark made it for me. When she gets pissed at me she threatens to turn it into a toaster.”
He was reminded of that night in the Tower with Thor’s hammer, everyone trying to lift it multiple times. Tony tossing pizza rolls at Bruce, trying to land one in his mouth and then looking genuinely terrified when one went down Natasha’s shirt. Still offering to go get it though because that was Tony; diffusing situations with laughter.
Or would he have spent most of his time lamenting the genius of Howard Stark?
. It was about toppling us from the inside.”
“Um sure and if he asks why I need them tell him it’s for a top secret project.” She paused. “And if he
Groaning, Steve flopped back to the pillows and raked a hand over his face. “No, thanks Jarvis but I’m okay. What time is it?”
the thought drifted across his mind in a voice that wasn’t his own and he sighed.
“Something tells me you did more than stand there, Steve. If I know the other me he—he went out like a boss. He saw what needed to be done and he did it because there was no other option. No other solution except the one he could make.” Her eyes lowered to the floor. “It’s what I’d do. I flew a nuke through a space portal because it had to be done. Scared the hell out of me and I figured it was a one way trip, but what was the alternative? Everyone dies? Being a hero is about sacrifice. It’s messy and at times thankless, yet he
Rhodey cracked a smile. “Odd to think of Captain America as the retiring sort especially with the world the way it is. Bad guys might not be Thanos sized anymore but they still exist. He’s still needed. Seems like there is a lot of good left for him to do.”
Shaking her head, she splashed cold water onto her face, letting the droplets drip down her neck. “No but I will be looking into it. We don’t want to be caught unaware especially if next time they escalate to something bigger. Let’s hope it’s someone that wants money or whatever. I find those bad guys easier to deal with than the ones that want to be like, King of New York.” She huffed. “But first I want a hot shower and pjs. And maybe a sundae. I’ll find you after I’m done.”
“Yes. The proceeds go to various charities that you support throughout the world,” Jarvis replied seamlessly.
“Obviously that didn’t happen. So what did?”
, which made him snort but hug her back. Rhodey looked happy and healthy; his lower body not needing the harness because here there’d been no Vision to accidentally paralyze him. It was very clear his relationship with Toni was the same as Steve had experienced in his own reality, one built due to years of love and respect.
Adult Toni didn’t mind being alone anymore because it didn’t make her feel like no one cared nor had no time for her. No matter how busy her friends were if she needed them they were there; even Pepper who had her hands full being a boss in the literal and hyped sense of the word. Sometimes just
Not for the first time Steve was thankful for whipcord reflexes otherwise he would have dropped his entire plate of spaghetti onto the kitchen floor. Though they were so clean he probably could have just scooped it up and ate it without consequence. But as things went he was glad that wasn’t the case, and instead turned to see Natasha leaning casually against the doorframe, red curls held out of her face with a simple clip of pearls. He cleared his throat to buy himself some time but it was
“Oh good you’re still in one piece!” Toni announced dramatically. “See Rhodey? Bruce didn’t chop him up or put him in skin tight latex.”
She shook the fence. “We’ll figure out the details later. Do you want me to hack the ball thing and give you a real challenge?” She motioned to the people that were starting to pay attention to him. “Give the people a thrill.”
A brow rose. “A lot of people didn’t create a new timeline to make sure he got enough hugs though. That’s good, it’s good. Makes me think maybe me and the Cap here would have been good friends too. Kid me would be bursting at the thought.”
Toni shrugged. “It’s the thought that counts.” Giggling, she gestured at nothing. “Okay so I’ll look into Time Wraiths and time GPS but for now why don’t we put on our grown up clothes and then do something fun?”
. I’ve fought with him numerous times. I watched—I watched him die! I watched him save the world and die and there was nothing I could do about it.” He stood on wobbly legs to loom over her. “So don’t tell
. Nothing that Tony didn’t also send to say Bruce and Carol. Iron Man wasn’t seen as much either but perhaps that was because crime went down drastically. And well now that he was a family man Tony knew where his priorities were.
Bucky frowned at him. “Oh yeah? Prove it.”
Steve continued to smile. “Please call me Steve. I’d say it’s meet to meet you as well but…”
She wasn’t upset at Steve’s revelation about Barnes and the ensuing drama his appearance had caused in Steve’s reality. Perhaps in the past it would have stung but to be honest, Steve picking Barnes made sense considering all they’d been through. Though she supposed she could say that having not been in the situation, unlike Tony Prime. Still she also understood the pain he’d felt at being discarded because
“Then I—I’ll just do what I did when I first got there. Explain the bare minimum and we’ll start over. It’s not like she won’t be happy to see me.”
but that was natural.
“Sounds good Toni.” Steve rolled his eyes away from Bucky’s fake pout to watch her.
Slouched in the front seat of her Audi, Toni stared at the man claiming to be Captain America as he lightly dozed across from her. After devouring like five cheeseburger combos and two apple pies, they’d piled back into her car to go to the Tower. It hadn’t been a long drive especially not the way she did it but she supposed all that he’d been through had finally caught up with him. Well if you believed him of course and honestly, she kinda wanted to because how damn crazy would
A small part of Toni assumed they’d reconnect when the world calmed down but it wasn’t in the cards. Instead she watched Pepper and Happy grow closer and closer, though to their credit they did try to fight it, probably worried about her feelings. It hurt—of course—but Toni wasn’t the type to let others suffer if there was anything she could do to stop it. So she’d offhandedly given her blessing one day while they were all trapped on a private flight to India. Promised she’d be fine, that she just wanted them happy.
“I told you that I can’t make it though I can see why you’ve forgotten…” Pepper inclined her head towards Steve. “I have to be in Zurich remember? For a meeting with
Toni batted at Bucky’s metal arm. “Dude seriously he’s not a threat I swear. Nat please get your boyfriend.”
Okay so she didn’t want to get into
mirror the components needed to act as a successful tether. Steve, what was the Toni like of your world? Was she similar to this one?”
“What?”
about Tony Stark.”
at a problem and immediately know several ways to fix it; things others never would have thought of. Sometimes she’d hated being the smartest person in the room because not everyone understood or nurtured that sort of thing. Hell her own father hadn’t and he’d been the closest thing to an equal intelligence wise she’d had back then. But on any given day she was
moments about the whole thing. To think in another universe she’d somehow made it work with Pepper to the point of vows and babies; it was amazing. However she understood here that hadn’t been in the cards for a number of reasons. They’d been on the rocks for a while before the Mandarin incident because of her paranoia and afterwards while things had gotten better, it hadn’t lasted long. By the time Ultron almost happened they were well and truly over.
Stretching his long legs out in front of him, he shook his head. “Because the Tony Stark I knew
wanted and let someone else find their footing as the Captain. Maybe even find their version of Iron Man.
Perching on one of her leather stools, Toni rested her chin in the palm of her hand. “He really likes having you around. He’s acclimated well to everything since we got that brain washing taken care of. Sometimes I still want to punch him in the face with my gauntlet but…I don’t know. He annoys Clint so I feel like for that alone he deserves to not get punched.”
“I bet Steve would love it if you went down,” Bucky mused as he sauntered into the room, making a beeline for the elevator.
“Why would you want to return to a place that isn’t your home?” Strange asked Steve.
Seeing this version of Tony all vibrant and snarky severely reminded him how much he missed his Tony. How no matter what he’d never see him again.
“You know if you wanted to see the Dodgers play I could just fly us to Los Angeles,” Toni said as he cracked another ball out of sight. “Because I am rich and own many jets.”
Steve chuckled out a low sob. God that was
Tony laughed. “Hey it’s okay I’m just messing with you. I know it’s pretty eye catching. I usually keep it covered with the arc reactor but I don’t think aliens will be attacking today. And if they do I have you now.”
She returned his smile. “Ah. Well James would have been a bit un-nerved I’m sure but it’s hard to mourn someone you never knew. Not to mention
She wasn’t about to admit out loud that Barnes’ idea wasn’t terrible, especially as a last ditch effort. If things got out of control quickly she’d shut everything down and drag the armor home if she had to. Hopefully however it wouldn’t come to that. So far the ring leader of this rag tag band of whatevers hadn’t shown his or her face, which meant the situation could go either way. Could be someone bent on world domination, or just a very intelligent person bored out of their mind. It was hard to say which was more dangerous.
Strange absorbed this new information with a slight squint. “Thanos. There’s a name I never wanted to hear again. I realize there are other versions of us in other realities with their own trials but I always hoped they would be spared the monster that was Thanos. I’m sorry that wasn’t the case. Having experienced his brutality firsthand I don’t have to imagine what you may have lost.” Steve lowered his head so Strange continued. “Now you say you decided to stay in 1945 for personal reasons after returning all of the stones to their rightful homes. May I ask why?”
She strolled into the room and opened the fridge, pulling out a small jug of orange juice. “You thought I wouldn’t be able to handle it? Or you wanted to spare my feelings?”
“Are you a new one of Toni’s super friends?” she asked looking him over. “I’ve never seen you in my shop before. I would have remembered those cheekbones. I’m Judith.”
“Just like that huh?” he asked dryly.
“Hey Cap.” She put her tablet on standby and gestured to the food on the counter. “I didn’t know what you wanted so I got the full breakfast buffet thing. The pancakes are to die for. Eat up.”
Being with Peggy again had felt wonderful. Getting used to 1945 wasn’t easy but each day got a little better. Besides she was there to help and he figured that was all that mattered. Eventually he’d stop missing his friends and the internet. Get used to clunky stoves and action shows on the radio. Get used to Howard Stark bursting with energy and charisma that was so familiar it actually hurt. The days would pass and he’d remember the forties while looking forward to experiencing the decades he’d missed. He and Peggy had an honest to god house with a white picket fence and really, what could be more
. Of Steve Rogers. When Toni takes to someone she sort of…overdoes it sometimes.”
She fumbled for a black mug. “I was half asleep when I got a new idea for a Stark watch. Thought I would draw up some plans. Why are
gotten him back after thinking he was dead,” he explained. “It was just easier to not say anything. To wait until Bucky was okay and then I was going to explain it all. Sit the team down and air out all of the dirty laundry. But Ultron happened and then Wanda lost control and people died, and the Accords were drawn up. Then Zemo framed Bucky for another murder and it all just went to shit.”
type with any woman who came into her shop, and Toni being
Strange nodded. “I’ll do some research and get back to you. Thwarting the Time Wraith is what we should be focusing on so I shall look into that. I’ll be in touch.” With a dramatic swirl of his cape he was creating another portal and disappearing through it, the magic surrounding Steve leaving with him.
a Captain on my side thank you very much.”
Steve blinked. “I—what?”
, watching as Tony interacted with Clint’s kids. Children just seemed to gravitate to Tony and at the time Steve had idly mused it was because they were emotionally the same age. He knew better now of course. Tony was
before hanging up.
“Well that’s up to you.” Bucky stood. “However I wouldn’t run for the hills just because I thought Stark had a nice ass.”
“Yeah. So would my Tony.”
Toni grinned. “She punched him into
“No Toni.” Steve cut her off. “Removing the tether is one hundred percent out of the question. I won’t—another Stark is
“Thought you wanted to keep a low profile?”
in his eyes whenever Tony was mentioned. Something straightforward that said
“I was there when Toni used the stones. I thought I was about to watch her die, and in that split second I remembered all the times I’d been less than nice to her. It’s funny how that’s what went through my mind instead of fear or anger. It was just regret that I’d never get to apologize.” She uncapped her juice and took a long sip. “Once upon a time I thought she wasn’t capable of being a hero and yet there she was, wielding those stones like some kind of titan. And if shit happened an hour from now and she had to again, she’d be strapping them on.”
Steve smiled and his eyes crinkled just a little. “Yes ma’am. I’m…Steve. It’s very nice to meet you.” He shook her frail hand like it was made of glass. “Your food smells delicious. I can’t wait to try it.”
Bucky just laughed and disappeared as the door closed.
He chuckled and smoothed a hand across his face. “That you are, Toni. Well usually.”
If that were true, then was
Anyway with the enemy of the afternoon being some dumb guy with more weapons then brains, Bruce had decided to stay at the tower unless he was absolutely needed. After Thanos and lizard men, going head to head with some dude’s toys was like having a slap fight with a kindergartener. Yes, some kindergartners probably hit pretty hard but it still didn’t compare to having a planet thrown at you by a mad Titan. Though every time some new person popped up trying their luck at taking over the world, or taking over New York, Toni held her breath. History had a way of repeating itself and she wasn’t silly enough to think nothing else was lurking around the corner. If not more aliens, then another head of Hydra.
Toni’s relationship with Captain America had been complicated because on the one hand she’d resented how important he’d been to her father, but on the other hand she’d totally absorbed that love and admiration for him that everyone else seemed to have. That and staring at posters of that perfect bone structure had been an enjoyable pastime.
Toni noticed but didn’t comment, though she appeared pleased. “What’s the word, J?”
If he leaned closer he could press his lips against her knuckles.
“That’s two things,” she said quietly. “Alright so I didn’t somehow lure Steve here with my red and gold wiles. How do we make it so he can stay in 1945? Can we give the tether to Peggy instead of me?”
“Where is Clint now?”
Before Toni could huff about him being rude a yellow fizzing portal was opening in the middle of her lab and Strange was stepping through, red cape flowing artfully behind him.
The unknown was a terrible thing as was the inability to change the past. Right after Tony’s funeral he’d idly thought about using the stones to try and change things. Maybe doing something as small as leaving Tony a note, begging him not to put on the gauntlet. But according to Bruce’s rules that wouldn’t have brought back
Toni shrugged. “Hey you belong here. You’re already fitting in and even if you weren’t Captain America, people would still love you. Steve Rogers all on his own is pretty freaking great. No need to worry. Just be yourself. Besides it’s just Bruce and Rhodey that’s being added to the mix.”
want to date me. Sex with me on the other hand…”
“Being with your friends made you sad?”
Steve could see it. His Carol and Tony would have gotten on like a house on fire if given the time. “I gather with her powers Carol changed a lot for you guys. With Jarvis still being around Ultron must have not happened...”
Steve snorted. “Really?”
Nodding he let her go and pushed away from the table, getting up with the need to move. Perhaps there were more than a few unresolved feelings where Tony and his death where concerned. Honestly he hadn’t wanted to think about any of it because it had been too heartbreaking. Easier to bottle it up and bury it down especially once he’d landed in 1945. He’d told himself it would be okay because he’d make sure this alternate Tony would have a better life. If Howard was cold then
“You’re a sweetheart,” she said quietly. “But hey everything worked out alright in the end. Rhodey was there for me and I met a really cool kid who turned out to have a good head on his shoulders. He’s gonna be something special one day.”
“I’m not marrying him, Pep.”
it. Sleeping was bad because I had to find a good position that didn’t make it feel like it was crushing anything. Eventually I sort of got used to it more out of necessity that anything else. Don’t miss it though.”
He expected to be attacked next but instead it shot past him like a blur, disappearing out of the alley and down the street. Following it seemed both stupid and practical so he took off behind it, breaking from the mouth of the alley…and directly into the path of an oncoming car.
Fury harrumphed. “You don’t see a problem with someone dressed as
“Flirt?”
Their eyes met briefly and Toni watched him swallow, her fingertips tingling with touch memory at how soft the skin of his throat was. For reasons she couldn’t explain—but would probably obsess over later—she was hit with a sudden pang of sadness.
Sticking out her lower lip, she huffed. “You’re a mean man. However if those are your terms then I accept. It totally stops me. I’ll make it stop me.”
“You’ve got quite a few tales, don’t cha pretty boy?” Without waiting for a reply she hopped out of her car and headed across the garage. “Up! I gotta hit my vault. Hey Jarvis, unlock the elevator for my broad shouldered friend will ya? And open up the vault! Mama needs one of her toys.”
“Of course Ms. Stark.”
Toni exited the elevator with Bucky following close behind, smirking at her back. She was wearing tight black yoga pants and a blue tank top with a swoop neck over a black sports bra. Her long dark hair was up in a ponytail that swung from side to side each time she shook her head no. Which she was doing pretty much every time Bucky opened his mouth…
Naturally Strange did what he always did; conducted an elaborate series of movement with his arms and hands to summon his magic into being. The odd mystical shapes leapt from his fingertips and surrounded Steve like a full body halo, twinkling beside his face and skidding across his chest. They made him look even more handsome…if that were humanly possible. It was hard to improve on perfection after all.
If Tony Prime had felt even a fraction of the love and admiration Steve obviously felt for him, well of course he’d been devastated to learn he was lied to, especially about something like his parents’ deaths. In that moment every fucked up thing he’d ever thought about himself—that his father had said or Obie had said—had no doubt exploded to the forefront of his brain. And cut just as deep as shrapnel to the chest.
no point. If the multi-verse exists it’s a chaotic place formed randomly, and trying to make sense of it would explode your brain.”
Steve registered the car moving quickly and erratically; the weaving in and out of traffic making his stomach give a rather unpleasant roll. They reached the emergency room in what felt like record time, and she somehow got the attendants to give him a wheelchair as well as bypassing the waiting room to be put straight into a private room to see a doctor. He would have chastised her for it but it felt nice to be stretched out in bed, especially when the serum started to heal him.
“Stark meant a lot to you it seems.” Bucky rested his elbows on his knees. “For what it’s worth I’m sure the other me is eternally grateful for what you did for him. And if you and Stark fought side by side against Thanos whatever bad blood there might have been obviously didn’t exist anymore. He forgave you…if there was anything to forgive. Zemo played you. And maybe you should have told Stark about his parents but how do you tell someone you care about, that someone else you care about hurt them so bad it can’t be repaired? Sometimes you have to pick your battles and yeah the fucked up part is that someone will lose every time. Sometimes it’s you and sometimes it’s someone you love. But I know you Steve. If there was any way you could have been the loser, if there was any way you could have been the only one hurt, you’d have jumped on it without a second thought.”
being broadcast all over the world? The public is gonna have questions, not to mention the President. I’m not even gonna ask about the shield. You’re lucky it’s me here and not someone else.”
. “You just make fans wherever you go, don’t you?”
“It’s not but you gotta admit Tones, you were pretty excited about having him here and now you’re…” He trailed off. “Did something happen? You two have a fight?”
Like Tony Prime she’d been quick on her feet, cracking jokes while taking out the bad guys. The difference in the armor was quite noticeable and yet you’d never look at it and think it wasn’t capable of doing amazing things. It was so sleek and form fitting in a way he didn’t know armor could be. It almost reminded him of Pepper’s Rescue armor except without the attachments on the back. And naturally Toni wielded it like a second skin.
? Wouldn’t Bucky have worked just as well?
Steve cleared his throat and turned back to his drawing, blinking when he realized Bucky was staring at him with a positively shit eating grin that had
happened but Carol stomped him to death before he could upload himself to the internet. The scepter was retrieved without incident beforehand so… Guess we were lucky Hydra’s experiments had failed. Shame about those kids though.”
Even though Steve had never fought side by side with this particular group before, he took to it like a duck took to water. And while they were used to Carol calling the shots when she was around, none of them took umbrage with Steve giving orders. Everything flowed so natural—it was sort of weird. No doubt she’d be cycling back to it later wondering what the hell?
Just having someone in your corner—a true friend—tell you it was okay to be unapologetically gifted…well it was one of the reasons she always went out of her way to encourage others like her. Like Peter and Harley. She never wanted them to feel shunned because of the amazing things they could do.
“One of these days I’m gonna smother him to death,” she mumbled punching her pillow. “I’ll have the armor hold him down.”
“Oh geeze I didn’t need any of those images,” Steve replied with a cringe and smile. “Wakandian arm?”
“Hey what’s wrong?” A hand landed on his arm and he shuddered.
wore the gauntlet and brought their loved ones back to them. Only an asshole would refuse to see all the good you’ve done.”
Toni nodded. “I will. He’ll be there bright and early to buy them all I’m sure. Hope he remembers pants.”
“Okay. One of the doctors will be in to see you soon. I lit a fire under their asses but someone chopped off his finger trying to cut open an avocado and since you still have all your bits, I figured he could go first,” mused the woman from before as she entered the room. “Huh…didn’t you have a cut there?” Her fingers brushed his forehead. “Anyway don’t worry about insurance or whatever I’ll take care of everything. It’s the least I can do since I hit you with my car. Even though you also bear some responsibility in this situation.”
Pepper slapped delicately at her hand. “Stop it, Toni or I’ll sell your company to Reed.”
“Stop one…” Strange sighed and the line went dead.
“We can cuddle up anytime you want, Steve. I’ll even let you be the big spoon…but you have to promise not to roll over and crush me. Funny way to die but still.”
The love and fondness that Toni felt for him manifested in a bright grin that she couldn’t have hidden even if she’d wanted to. “Hi.”
“I’m sorry. I thought Pepper’s wrangling was reserved for me,” Toni said wryly. “But I
Jarvis cleared his nonexistent throat. “I could do that for you, Ms.”
to take accountability. Superheroes aren’t above the law just because they save people on a daily basis. We have people who monitor those types of situations.”
The machine rattled out its last ball and Steve caught it with his bare hand without even turning around. He swirled around the fence so that he could see her without a criss-cross of metal in the way. “Toni…” his voice was soft, an understated whisper that might as well have been a scream in her face.
Toni groaned before pointing a stern finger at Steve who chuckled. “Shut it Stars and Stripes. Okay lay it on me, J.”
hasn’t always thought so but that doesn’t make it any less true. Now I suppose after all the drama she’s more mellow. Doesn’t let certain things bother her anymore. On the outside anyway.” Rhodey turned his head to look at him. “She’s not a substitute for anyone. She’s her own person.”
red and gold armor—spread out from the bright blue light underneath her blouse, tiny pieces of metal converging together until her whole body was engulfed. Until…until he was staring at the glowing eyes of Iron Man.
meant she’d said something smart mouthed while Adam looked on and he apparently hadn’t appreciated it. It hadn’t been rude but not everyone understood her sense of humor.
and he’d gone because he was good at following orders. Most times anyway. He never found out what Doctor Moreland’s assessment of him had been. Loki showed up two weeks later and the rest was history. And honestly Fury probably would have put him to work either way, trusting or perhaps hoping he could handle it because he was
“You don’t trust him?” Steve asked. “I don’t know much about him seeing as we didn’t get to spend a lot of time together, but he seems like a decent guy. I know he sacrificed the Time stone to Thanos so Tony could live.” And then he was frowning. “Though I guess that was so Tony could get us into the past and then wield the gauntlet when it was time. Dick move, even if it did save the world.”
“Aunt Peggy was a boss. Literally and figuratively. She told me I could do anything I wanted to do and if someone said otherwise, to kick them in the bollocks.” Smiling, she drifted over and perched on the side of his bed. “She mentioned Cap from time to time. Said he could be a stubborn
“I was scared. I wanted to protect him from it but once I found out Bucky was the Winter Soldier, I was scared of what he might do to Bucky too. And I’d
smart—
There was a pop in Steve’s ears and a myriad of colors exploded behind his eyes, distorting his vision. He sunk down to the floor as his chest tightened; signaling the oncoming panic attack. They’d been frequent after first getting out of the ice. Waking up from a bad nightmare drenched in a cold sweat, unable to catch his breath because what if he was still there? What if waking up seventy years in the future was just a weird dream his inactive mind came up with? And he wasn’t relatively safe and sound but frozen solid in the cold. In the dark. All alone.
—there was a kernel of truth to it? Peggy reaching out beyond the realm of time and space for him, wondering why he wasn’t reaching back.
is amiss. Not sure I want to delve deep into feelings right now.”
“Surprised you didn’t offer to cuddle with me.”
He laughed. “And be compared to Pepper? No thank you. Staying here isn’t an option however.”
Steve had been struck dumb. It was one thing to see Nat again; he’d been more or less prepared for that but Bucky? Without him being there to get through to him he was sure Bucky was still the Winter Soldier. Still deep under Hydra’s control and doing God knows what. Truth be told he’d wanted to ask Toni about SHIELD and if they’d been compromised but there was already
meant she’d have a target on her back, one her last name couldn’t always shield her from. And one that sometimes her last name just caused more problems. She’s been through a lot of shit but Toni has always been one of the strongest people I’ve ever known.
“Okay,” he said softly.
. We should talk about him.”
so she already knew the truth before he spoke it.
He would have. He would have every time.
“DUM-E is a sweetie…when he’s not trying to poison me.”
She hummed and her expression softened. “I like it when you compliment me.”
“Throwing you?” Bucky chuckled lowly. “I’m still not sure I believe anything Stark just said. But she’s not an idiot and she wouldn’t have you here if you were dangerous or Hydra or whatever.”
going on. Not to mention a part of him had feared her answer. Had feared her saying yes Pierce was still puttering around with Project Insight in his back pocket.
Jarvis’ voice flared to life. “Ma’am, Miss. Potts is on her way up. I thought it prudent to warn you.”
Not that it actually mattered since in the end he was dragged in anyway.
He had to go to her because…because he didn’t have anyone else.
anything. Her friends—her
belong here. There is a force strong enough to root you here.”
know about Peggy Carter and their tragic almost love. Steve decided to retire with her in a new timeline, and I mean it’s not like he didn’t deserve the downtime. But the Wraith had other ideas. Now I can get him back there but we worry the Wraith will just kick him out again.”
“I think he’s extremely handsome and could probably crack walnuts on his ass.” Pepper chuckled.
Toni moved to the refrigerator and pulled out a bottle of water. “I’ve had to make sure Steve doesn’t wander into traffic.” She handed Rhodey the bottle. “But the gist is Steve is from a universe or a reality like ours but with a few marked differences. For instance I was a man there and I died. Jarvis can show you a picture of my handsome guy self later. At the root though was Thanos and the stones.”
the bags,” she said trying to shut the door. “Just calm down, alright?”
“You can still resent him. I sort of resent my parents for leaving me.” Show and tell over, she snapped her hand back into place and wiggled her fingers. “You said whatever it takes but you didn’t
Toni waved the feed away and hopped up, pulling her in for a big hug. “I’m fine! Just been busy helping Steve. And he’s not
“It is,” he said faintly. “You know I didn’t even know this was on my phone until a few days after his funeral. I—there hadn’t really been time to check it out. It was more for emergencies anyway in case our communicators messed up. He’d use the suit to hack into the phone.”
She nodded. “Jarvis can order you one but perhaps going in for a fitting wouldn’t be the worst idea.” Her cell phone chimed and she stepped off to the side to answer it.
Bucky hummed thoughtfully and slipped off the counter to sink onto a stool. “How do you
“Yes. I believe you were having a nightmare, sir.” The curtains slid open by their own volition, letting bright sunlight into the room. “Should I alert Ms. Stark?”
survive? You’re not a bad guy Steve—I can tell—so don’t take any of this personally. It’s a spiel I’d give to any newcomer.”
Jarvis turned on the coffee maker. “I am thankful that Captain Danvers was here to assist in defeating Ultron before he could cause any real damage. Especially now knowing that I would have been erased from existence.”
in particular was that while super guarded they also tended to go all in at the same time. That
Steve was about to ask if she was named
“You were named after Captain America?” she inquired arching a brow. “Well you’re not the first.”
She shrugged. “I’m not by myself. Jarvis is here and DUM-E is probably back there ruining something under the guise of helping.”
“But—”
She made a face. “Natasha. But most people just call me Toni. Anthony huh? Was his arc reactor bigger than mine? Don’t say yes because you might give me a complex.”
Toni slouched so that she could rest her head against his shoulder. “I know the feeling. Everything wasn’t roses and sunshine here either. People say things happen for a reason but I think that’s bullshit. But it’s nicer than saying life is a random collection of accidents. I guess you can look at it as…things happen that get you where you need to be. And sometimes those things have to be utterly terrible.”
“Peggy,” he said honestly. “I hope she’s not worrying about me if she’s even aware I’m gone. We were going to…”
Getting back to Peggy was something he wanted but Steve found himself quirking a smile at Toni and agreeing that going out sounded like fun. He wanted to spend more time with her; time just doing silly things where someone’s life wasn’t on the line. There hadn’t been enough of those moments with his Tony, and it was just another regret he’d never get to fix now. But maybe Tony Prime—as this Toni was referring to him—was looking down and smiling because an effort was being made.
Fishing her sunglasses from her shirt, she slipped them on and sighed. “But…thanks.”
Toni snorted but her eyes were alight with mischief. “He won’t be laughing when I tell Natasha he harassed me.”
“Riiight. And there is no chance I’ll walk in on you doing something weird with it?” Toni asked suspiciously. “Ugh whatever I came in here for a healthy snack, the kind Pepper still makes me eat.” She stood on her tippy toes and felt around on top of the fridge, back arching as she bit her bottom lip. “And buttery crackers. Ooh we should order like a dip platter with ten different kinds of dip and crackers.”
“Okay.” Toni hooked her arm through Pepper’s, waiting until they were in the elevator again to ask, “So what did you think?”
Steve couldn’t help it; he snickered. “Buck.”
Could it have been avoided?
But the thought of Peggy thinking he’d abandoned her cut him to the quick. Yes it was just a dream but what if—
Steve opened his mouth to reply when Toni trudged into the room, black tank top sporting burns and tiny holes. There was a smudge of grease on her cheek and her hair was a mess but she had a big if slightly tired smile. “Coffee,” she moaned making a beeline for it. “What time is it?”
Not even Nat or Sam had known but there were times—while on the run—that he’d have given anything for the flip phone tucked into his utility belt to ring. To hear
, not until their reconciliation. Then Tony’s presence was like a constant, low simmering thing that calmed him more than he’d realized. Just Tony standing close behind him as they made a plan to retrieve the Stones, hovering with that warmth only Tony could project.
Steve snickered. “I wouldn’t mind actually. I’ll need a tux though.”
with the Captain America seal of approval?
She grinned. “A lot does. And everyone was doing their own thing. Thor and Carol were off world and Natasha was on a mission. Clint was spending time with his family and Bruce was trying not to go green. Besides we were still new as a team and—and…”
experience it. There is no need to break yourself simply because you can be put back together again. And anyone that would ask that of you is a dick.”
Steve’s shoulders drooped. At the time he’d thought crashing that plane was a death sentence and he’d made quick peace with it because what else was he going to do? He’d never imagined what would happen afterwards. All of the amazing things he’d see and the people he would meet. Being able to save Bucky… “Oh. Him being dead probably changed a lot here then.”
a guy. He was—he was one of the best men I’ve ever known even though he didn’t always believe it, and I didn’t always show it. We fought a being named Thanos and Tony died saving the universe. A few days after his funeral Bruce said the Infinity Stones needed to go back to where they came from so that the alternate realities we’d created by taking them would be erased. When I was done with that I…went back to Peggy in 1945. I was going to stay there with her. Retire. Finally get a life.”
“I get that,” Steve said slowly. “The bigger your worldview the bigger the threats that can harm it. The idea that there is something, anything bigger than Thanos chills me to my core. I don’t
“That’s good to hear.”
Rhodey folded his arms across his chest. “Alright I get that. Though you didn’t have thoughts like this until Steve showed up, so I wonder if this is more about
“What the hell?” he gasped.
help me you will. I don’t think you’ll try to trick me.”
His eyes snapped to her face so fast it was a wonder he didn’t get whiplash. “What do you mean?”
Although Steve wasn’t a stranger to the city he revealed he hadn’t spent much time just…walking around doing nothing because if he wasn’t fighting he was in Washington for SHIELD or away. The
She huffed and dragged a hand through her long wet dark hair but darted into the alley, sending the water in the puddles splashing up as she looked for it. She found it wedged between the dumpsters and threw it into the backseat before diving back under the wheel. “You better have like, a life saving organ in there or something. Shit. Hospital.”
She would miss him whenever he ran back to Wonderland.
“I figured they were some type of legal documents pertaining to superheroes but no, we do not have any Accords.” She itched at her cheek. “If they made you and Tony Prime fight but there was no you here…”
think. If there was
Strange shrugged glibly. “Either or I suppose. The alternative could be the Wraith throwing you through alternate realities for the rest of your life. The fact that it tossed you here and left you alone means—on some level—you
She hummed. “And the shrapnel. I guess I’m lucky a scar is all I was left with. It still aches sometimes, like the containment unit is still there.”
It was clear Toni didn’t want to leave but she grumbled and followed Nat down the hall towards the small library that also doubled as a den. With them gone Steve turned his attention back to Bucky and motioned to the sofa where they both slowly sat down.
“Sure, Toni.”
Considering that information would probably be useful to have, Toni agreed. “Alright. J call Strange and let’s get this show on the road. Keep your fists ready just in case, Steve.”
It was a thread she would pick at. Maybe that was why she asked, “Are you being super nice to me because you feel guilty for how you treated Tony Prime?”
“Hell no. I don’t trust SHIELD as far as I could throw them ever since Fury split. And as for knocking you out if you’re really dosed with super serum I’d need like fifty horse tranqs which I don’t just keep around for shits and giggles,” she replied in amusement. “C’mon Cap you said you trusted me.”
“The Captain jumped out? It worked though! Usually Carol is the one coordinating stuff if she’s around so it’s not like we weren’t used to a bossy Captain. But yeah. If anything else pops up while you’re here feel free to join us out in the field again. You’ll have a snazzy new suit.”
Steve nodded. “It is.” He watched as she turned his uniform this way and that, slender fingers smoothing over the Avengers logo on the shoulder. “You—Tony made it for me. My Tony.”
The similarities between them; the long elegant fingers, the warmth and sure grip…
When she was a little girl the idea of meeting Captain America had been something that caused her to feel delighted excitement. It was something to bring her closer to a cold and calculating father who never seemed quite interested in the other things she could do. At first she’d assumed Howard had wanted a boy to carry on the Stark name but then she realized it had nothing to do with her gender. He just didn’t know how to be a father to a living, breathing invention. But when they talked about all of the amazing things Captain America had done he lit up.
Returning to his room, Steve got a quick shower and slipped into dark jeans and a black t-shirt before combing his hair back out of his face. Wearing modern clothes wasn’t something he’d thought he’d do again, not until they became fashionable of course. And even then he assumed he’d be too old to care. While in Washington he’d wore what everyone else wore to fit in, or to blend in. After being on the run and dealing with existing after the snap, he hadn’t cared much about being how he
He found Toni sitting at the table with one leg up against her chest, idly swiping on her tablet. There was a stylus stuck in her bun and upon closer inspection he realized she had a single streak of white in her hair on the left side. It was a testament to how fucked up he’d been last night that he hadn’t noticed it before. Then again it was possible she’d put it in this morning.
A woman’s face floated into view, big brown eyes stretched to capacity as hands grabbed at the side of his neck. “Hey yes alive! Dude what the hell? You don’t just run out into the middle of the street like a crazy person! Because
at Steve and then glanced to Toni. “I want to talk to him alone.”
to. Maybe you put the idea into his head but you didn’t force him to act on it.” She touched his thigh. “You more than anyone should be familiar with survivor’s guilt. Tony would want you to mourn and grieve and cry like, tons, but then he’d want you to live. Live and be beautiful and happy. It’s what I would want.”
“I kinda feel like he doesn’t see anything else considering I’m alive and his Tony isn’t. Also I’m a woman and his Tony wasn’t. However your points are valid. He’s had his asshole moments and I called him on them.”
He nodded and tucked into his breakfast. “I left my timeline in very capable hands. I’d always planned to eventually go back after, well after. Find a version of the shield that was still intact and give it to Sam. If anyone deserved to be the new Captain America it was him.”
Captain Pep he is
“Colonel Rhodes has just entered the building. He shall be with you momentarily.”
“Perhaps this one was the closest.
die and you were kind of okay with that for whatever reason? That you never once thought for a second it’d be Tony?”
“Just the one?”
Toni nibbled on her bottom lip. “Wow okay a lot to unpack there. Familiar with Thanos and the Stones unfortunately but no one on my team died defeating him. Carol did punch him into the sun though.”
Steve grinned and let Toni lead the way.
“This whole tether business.” She pinched the bridge of her nose. “You’d tell me if—if you weren’t cool with it, right? Not that there is anything I could do about it but still…”
own words.
“I’m making a mess of this, aren’t I?” Steve asked, completely discomfited. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have assumed anything.”
It turned out to be some odd eighties movie that was part sci-fi and part musical, but Steve enjoyed it for what it was. He woke up the next morning to the smell of Belgian waffles and raised voices. Throwing on a t-shirt and jeans, he quickly made his way into the living area to see Toni—hands on her hips—looking rather unimpressed at the imposing figure Nick Fury made in front of her.
“And that would be a bad thing?” Steve asked.
where he was actually supposed to be? It was clear that Nat and Bucky both thought so; he was a bit scared to ask what Toni thought. Not to mention he didn’t want to look too deep into his own subconscious. “Is that what you think?”
There was also this tether business that he couldn’t even begin to comprehend, not really. He understood the basics but
“Okay then tell me how she is different besides the being a woman part.”
“Iron
Steve smiled and set about putting the refrigerator back into place. Toni tilted her head to watch him, letting her dark brown eyes slide across his broad shoulders to his perfect ass. There was just something about Steve and the way he’d bonded with the serum. The way it had enhanced him to be this… flawless beacon of justice. Was it because the serum had been pure? Or was it all because of Steve’s character? She’d seen photos of pre serum Steve, heard about his heroics and his refusal to give up no matter the cost to himself. How in the end he’d surpasses expectations.
why the Wraith thought it would be okay to drop him here.”
Instead of replying, Jarvis unlocked the glass door so that Rhodey could enter the room. She supposed it
That it had been. Sitting around the table and watching everyone react to Steve had been amusing, especially where Bruce was concerned with his thousands of questions about Project Rebirth. And of course Steve had simply smiled and answered the best he could because
He smirked. “I think you already know the answer to that question. Now why did you want to know about—” He abruptly cut himself off as his eyes landed on Steve. “Ah.”
Toni slinked out of her jacket and laid it across the sink, ripping down several paper towels to wipe at her wet arms. “Should have told Happy to bring me a change of clothes. Oh well. So guy me died huh? That’s…a real mind fuck. But I guess it’s no weirder than learning Cap is dead here.”
in Tony’s smoky tone even if afterwards he’d told Steve to fuck off. And then it had rung but with Bruce on the other end and Steve was certain he’d never hear Tony’s voice again.
Crackers forgotten, Toni grabbed something out of the fridge with a big smile. “Yes honey bear is finally on his way! I’m gonna go get a shower so that I’m fresh and clean for when you guys meet.” She turned to leave but caught sight of his drawing. “Wow that’s really good. Hey can I have that when you’re done? I wanna frame it…or put it on the fridge.” He nodded wordlessly and then she was off, disappearing down the hall.
“Don’t I? Steve Rogers died here but everything before the ice still happened. Howard still helped with the serum and so much more…”
“You know Pepper gave you her seal of approval and said you had a cute butt.” She grinned and leaned against the counter. “I don’t think Rhodey will be doing the latter but I’m sure he’ll like you. Because of the patriotism and what not.”
“I suggest removing the Captain’s shield from plain view. Do you think he is going to wish to make use of it?”
Judith Linley was eighty years old going on forty with bright blue eyes and long white hair that she usually wore in a series of stylish braids. She was the owner of a charming little bakery downtown that made
other way,
“Toni…” With a sigh he dragged his hand through his carefully coifed hair. “This is about you and me. Apparently it’s always been about you and me. If the situation was reversed would you blow a hole in my chest if it meant getting home?”
“True but he’s been fighting for longer than any of us have been alive. If anyone deserves to kick back and put their feet up it’s him. Besides sometimes I think a person might be just looking for something to settle down for. He found that in Peggy.”
Toni shook her head. “No he’s not doing that. But I do think there is a lot of unresolved shit with Tony Prime that he’s just now thinking about, and realizing it’ll never be solved. And my dumbass wants to help him…but I can’t. You know I don’t like situations I can’t take apart and fix. At most I can figure out a way to get him back to Peggy and make sure the Time Wraith leaves him alone. I suppose it’ll have to be enough.”
His back was totally fine now, had been mere minutes after Toni pressed the bandage into place and yet a part of him hadn’t wanted to remove it. Just the gesture of it; remembering the chastising worry in her eyes as she’d checked him out. It was dumb but none of them had been in the business of asking each other if they were okay back home. If you were alive then you were obviously fine. Yet Tony always tended to check even if he’d played it off in jest.
Sighing, Toni leaned forward so that her elbows rested on her desk. “I’m super happy that Rhodey is here and that he’s gonna be sticking around for a little while at least. But…he’s gonna take one look at me and clock that
was not supposed to see, he suffered an aortic tear and the serum didn’t heal it fast enough. Bled out. His remains were recovered and he was given a major hero’s funeral. Laid to rest in Arlington Cemetery. There is a statue and a plaque.”
Received news about Morgan being born and a few Christmas cards but nothing
“Captain Rogers’ new things have been delivered to his room,” Jarvis replied wryly. “It will be a pleasure to have you staying with us, Captain.”
And then it was only a matter of time before she could shoot them in the face.
Exhaling deeply, he wrapped his strong arms around his waist and squeezed. “I was going to make sure things turned out differently in that new timeline. Not just for me and Peggy but for—for Tony too. It wouldn’t have changed anything in my timeline but it was something I needed to do.”
“No problem, Cap.”
“You okay?”
“I hope he likes me,” Steve replied eyes on her collarbones. “I want to get along with the people you care about.”
“Howard Stark was your father?”
However, he felt like he’d gotten better at picking up on the moods of others. And listening to others.
“Ooh let’s hope I don’t accidentally hit you.”
Toni hummed and wrapped an arm around his shoulders, tugging until he shifted and leaned into her, resting his head against hers. His hair was soft against her cheek, smelling slightly of the apples of her favorite shampoo. “I hate it too. It’s the worst.”
“You…want to know what time it is?” he asked rather incredulously.
Judith beamed, her eyes drifting to Toni. “Aren’t you sweet? I also do wedding cakes. Just…something to keep in mind.”
“A training robot does sound kinda fun,” he said as he pulled himself out of his morose thoughts. “Even with our abilities it never hurts to stay ahead of the game.”
“I keep forgetting things happened in a bit of a different order because you guys skipped stuff since Captain America didn’t exist here.” He paused. “I think had he not died Tony would have retired again though perhaps not completely. He would have wanted to spend more time with Pepper and Morgan for sure.”
“You’re terrible.” He laughed again, cheeks faintly pink. “Changing the subject—I thought we worked very well together. Very cohesive. Kinda felt like I shouldn’t have been giving orders though but in the moment…”
Toni wouldn’t pretend that Steve coming out with them was the best idea but she wasn’t about to stop him when it was obviously what he wanted. Not to mention she was excited to see him in action; to actually fight side by side with Captain America. He donned his suit and cowl—if there were consequences to people seeing a Captain America out in the world, they’d deal with them later—and she gave him the shield because, duh. Sure someone at SHIELD might take offence but she figured she could always just lie and say she made a new one. She was a freaking genius; who would claim she couldn’t?
While he’d talked with Bucky she’d received the third degree from Natasha not that she’d expected anything different. She’d told the truth as she knew it and how she was just trying to help a new friend navigate his new surroundings. Thankfully Natasha had believed her which meant Steve would live to see another day. No doubt Nat was going to look into
Blinking rapidly she stood and pulled her shoulders back, fitting a different type of armor into place. “Instead I just collect ‘em like strays. If T’Challa would stop playing hard to get I’d be adding Shuri into the mix. If Peter was single I’d put them in an arranged marriage. Think of the future spider-panther babies.”
“I shall relay those words exactly,” Jarvis said drolly.
Before Fury had cleared him for missions he’d been asked to speak to a therapist
. So we roll up to his planet and the battle for the universe begins. Carol takes him on head to head and he has to call in his lackeys to get a foothold. She manages to yank the gauntlet off of him though and it goes bouncing across the ground.”
She fluttered her lashes playfully. “You are welcome. Also I wanted to know what you thought about us fighting together. Please explain in great detail while standing exactly like you are.”
Steve nodded. “I did. A lot of people did.”
“Thanks Toni.”
Steve grinned and Toni rolled her eyes up to the ceiling. “I will mute you,” she threatened halfheartedly. “He’s so mean to me, Steve. DUM-E is much better behaved.”
What did someone like her even
Sure enough minutes later Rhodey was strolling out of the elevator with his bags in hand, dropping them so that he could catch Toni as she all but skipped into his arms. She hugged him tightly and kissed his cheek with a loud
But this Cap was a different Cap. He’d spent time with a Tony Stark and probably knew what buttons to avoid pushing. Plus there was something—
perhaps
Toni mock saluted and willed her face not to heat up. “It’s the least I can do for an American treasure.”
He let his head loll back to the headrest. “My—the bag. I need my bag it’s…”
make up for it, speak up about it. Yes it would be weird to be Uncle Steve but he already knew it was better to have Tony in his life as
“Sounds like something her and my Tony have in common.” Steve paused. “She uh, she’s a bit less encumbered though that my Tony. I know that some of it is because we don’t have that volatile history but it’s more than that.”
It hadn’t taken long for Steve to realize a lot of the bravado of Tony Stark was a deflection. Granted it took him a bit longer than he’d liked to admit, and there’d been that brief exchange with Pepper when he’d called to yell at Tony about secretly funding his road trip, but in the end he got it. A lot of what Tony did was because he’d felt if he didn’t go the extra mile no one would want him around. It wasn’t about flaunting his wealth it was about using it to keep people close—if that’s what it took anyway. And understanding that one facet about Tony had changed a lot for Steve.
Steve threw his head back with a full body laugh but made no moves to go anywhere. “Ah. Congratulations, you’ve finally got me out of my clothes so to speak.”
Tony but that didn’t explain her last name. Nor that naming people after other people usually happened way earlier. So… “You’re Toni Stark?”
“So you and Nat huh? I’d say I hope you’re treating her right but if you don’t she’ll just kill you.”
Rhodey arched a brow. “Still you know you can talk to me about anything. Even nothing.”
She grinned at him. “Cause I saved the world? I lost a hand!”
“Maybe. I don’t know about that but what I
Toni’s annoyed growl broke apart his thoughts. “I swear Barnes if you ate my crackers I’m going to crack you upset your stupid head.”
Toni snickered. “Then you really don’t know me at all,” she teased. “Man I’m starving. Do you wanna sneak out of here and get something to eat? I know a great place that sells the best cheeseburgers. My treat! I’ll even get you a malt to go with those khakis. Or would you rather have a root beer?”
“Jarvis, did you see Steve hug me? He’s such a sap. I bet he’s been itching to do that since the batting cages.”
“I heard you.” Strange smirked. “And before you say it yes I know what love is. But it’s a big step to commit yourself to another time on the off chance that things may work out. From what I’ve read about Steve Rogers and Peggy Carter they never exactly spent an ample amount of time together than wasn’t fighting a war. That means adrenaline comes into play which can heighten otherwise benign emotions. Most of their
