He manages to say teasingly, wiggling his eyebrows for pizzazz, “Maybe I’ll show you such a good time that you’ll thank me instead, I dunno. This is a bit out of my usual scene, obviously, but I’m still
when this is all over, but I can’t sit in my workshop twiddling my thumbs while you die in this cage. I
, and Tony works his hips just a little bit even though it’s oversensitive and painful. Steve whimpers, his head turning so he can nudge his nose through Tony’s damp hair, hips jerking with Tony’s movements involuntarily and riding out the last waves until he’s finally spent, both of them shuddering in the aftermath.
A bare-bones staff remains, to monitor Tony’s health and bodily safety, but the rest of the crew is sent to a progress meeting and Natasha manages to be the Avenger on call, so Tony simply walks in, clad in nothing but a silk bathrobe and a shaky smile, feeling wired from adrenaline but heavy with guilt. Steve – massive and snarling and gleaming in the over-bright florescent lights illuminating his glass cell, but noticeably emaciated and obviously weak – spots him almost instantly as he walks inside, Natasha right behind him as a silent, comforting presence.
have escaped to corner Tony, and certainly wouldn’t be sitting on his bed patiently while Tony hovered just outside his room.
— He sobs out another scream when Steve manages to turn himself around, his entire lodged prick twisting inside him in a sloppy, agonising glide against his painfully oversensitive prostate and battered insides. Then, after what feels like a year of shuffling and manoeuvring, Steve finally settles, his tail intermittently batting against Tony’s side and arse as he calmly begins licking at his paws, resting on the boulder behind them languidly.
The fourteen hours that Steve had been mutated back to his normal self gave them some insight, though, not to mention gave Steve the opportunity to rehydrate himself and gorge himself on calories for the next mutation. He’d detailed how he ran into Johnson, how it felt to mutate both into and from the wolf-like creature, and what he was feeling and experiencing while he was mutated. The others had given Steve’s inputs to Tony in flat, impersonal bullet points – making multiple, heavy-handed efforts to emphasise that Steve wasn’t a doctor and there was no scientific proof to his claims – but Tony could read between the lines: Steve had felt saner and more in control when he’d been...busy with Tony.
The next second, he hears Steve cry out through the comms, a loud and pained sound that echoes in Tony’s ears, and he’s already beelining in Steve’s direction before he realises that he’s doing it.
Tony takes a deep breath, drops his fork to his bed tray, and says to the silent room, “When—when he—well, when he
Tony’s torn between hysterical laughter and paralysing muteness, mouth opening and closing but throat too tight to get out a sound, and Natasha continues airily, “Though I will definitely admit that I manipulated the situation when I neglected to inform you that he was perfectly capable of understanding and remembering things people said while he was all furry, so I suppose the cat’s truly out of the bag now. Or wolf, as it were. He wants to talk to you when you’re ready, though I will also say that I will personally drag you to him if you even think about pulling a disappearing act, and I can guarantee that it will be both humiliating
at him, and then she says quietly, “He’s okay, Tony. Still processing everything, I think, but that takes time. What I can say is that he’s not mad at you.” Tony snorts loudly, but Natasha continues evenly, “He’s not, actually. Confused and...I don’t think ‘disappointed’ is the right word, but he is upset that you didn’t tell him how you felt
He can barely see her, definitely can’t suss out her expression (not that he’d be able to read her well anyway), but doesn’t hesitate to breathe out in a weak croak, “
, the epitome of human perfection and one of his closest friends to boot, even if he’ll never be more than that (
,” Thor says, electricity crackling and making Tony’s ears ring from the sound of it, almost but not quite covering up the sounds of fighting and Steve choking on his own saliva, his skin bright red and his eyes bloodshot. Tony’s practically hyperventilating now, half out of fear and the other half from the sheer exertion he has to apply just to keep Steve from hurting himself. “
“Naturally,” she says patiently. “We don’t want to make him panic before we can administer the injection, and you’ll need to go into the Cradle one last time in any case. We’ll do the necessary scans, see if he needs the Cradle after you, and then monitor you both for any further complications.”
There’s a chorus of affirmatives and Tony bolts off, his flight erratic due to Steve’s powerful convulsions but ultimately quick, but he only makes it about ten kilometres – well outside of comms range unless JARVIS manually hooks into satellites – before everything goes completely insane at breakneck speed.
, and despite the desperation Tony can see in Steve’s eyes – he might be fooling himself, but he thinks he sees just as much grief and sadness as he does mindless desire – Tony’s even more resolute in his decision.
They look at him with sympathetic pity, words coming out of their mouths to cut off any thoughts that Tony might have as they implore him to think of Steve’s wishes, and all Tony can do is mumble his promises (
A bright, overwhelming rush of hope flares in his chest, making him feel tight and stretched thin, and he says in a thin rush, “No, of course not, and if my vitals drop too low, you can pull me out to go through the Cradle again. There might be a bit of a fight, but Steve won’t hurt
He mulls and plots and tries his damndest to work out a plan as Avengers and doctors come in and out of his hospital room, coming up with ideas that he quickly throws away almost as quickly as he thinks them up, and he’s almost to the point of frustrated tears and uncontrollable screaming by the time Natasha finally makes her appearance.
of an experience, brutal and consuming and completely blinding, and between that and the bright validation that he actually
, his wolf-like body mounting him and pushing his face and chest hard into grass-covered ground, a sharp rock cutting into his already cut cheekbone with a bright bloom of pain.
“It’s okay, Tony,” she says, far away to Tony’s ringing ears, slim fingers hesitating before they stroke through his sweat-dampened and dirty hair. “We’ve got you.”
, his body changing right in front of Tony’s eyes in a way that his overstressed, anxiety-ridden brain simply can’t compute. The explosion of hair and muscle and changing bones is so sudden that Tony’s numb fingers slip without being able to stop it, and Steve’s in freefall, his density ensuring that it’s fast even as he mutates in mid-air.
this is, how Tony’s saving him and buying Steve time to survive. If it goes well – or as well as it can, at least – then there will be more Avengers on his side, like Natasha as well as Clint, Thor, and possibly even Bruce himself.
for Tony, and in literally any situation Tony would take that as gospel and celebrate the boundaries being drawn.
All he can think of is quiet nights in Avengers Tower, Steve laughing at films the rest of the team has decided is imperative for Steve’s twenty-first century education, Steve trying to convince Tony to accept a monthly payment from his military back pay in order to cover rent as well as the frankly obscene amount of food he consumes and frowning when Tony rolls his eyes, Steve painstakingly refurbishing things that he accidentally breaks like the microwave when he accidentally nukes aluminium foil or doors when he forgets his own strength – so many little moments that are integral to their team, their
, he can’t stop the thick moan that tears out of his throat as his body shudders with pleasure, tightening involuntarily as he rides the heady wave of it. Steve whines again, loud and sharp, and pummels his hips harder,
God, but he wants to touch himself. He’s not hard really, the lack of stimulation on his own prick ensuring that he doesn’t stiffen up past a sensitive swell, but he wants to snake a hand beneath him so he can fondle himself. He’s dripping from the prostate stimulation, balls heavy underneath him, and it wouldn’t take much to stroke himself to a full erection. He doesn’t though – it takes all of his energy to keep himself on his aching knees and forearms, weighed down by Steve’s dense heft and completely swallowed by pleasure, and he knows from personal experience that once he fully gets off, it’ll be
Steve’s teeth slide away, scraping his flesh gently and making gooseflesh flare out across Tony’s skin, and Tony pushes his upper body to brace his weight on his forearms before he whispers in a small, weak voice, “Steve? Steve, are you with me?”
, surrounded by the massive bulk of Steve’s mutated form and the echo of Steve’s pants ringing in his ears, making a massive effort to relax his trapped body in a desperate attempt to keep himself from being injured from it all. He has to do anything to make this easier on himself if only so he doesn’t end up in hospital himself, and even though his insides are coated with come, Steve’s prick is still massive, his thrusts brutal. Tony’s fully aware that if he doesn’t relax, he’s going to end up getting severely hurt, even with the heavily modified Extremis he still has swirling through his bloodstream after his reactor surgery.
,” Tony sobs, and the orgasm tears through him like a bomb going off, his entire body snapping up into Steve’s soft stomach and convulsing so violently around Steve’s rapidly inflating knot that he blacks out from the force of it.
According to the team, the mission had gone pretty much according to plan, other than Steve’s mutation – they hadn’t found the sceptre (unsurprisingly) but they’d found a horde of information regarding other HYDRA bases within Europe and Asia to hit next instead (this one had been surprising, actually, since HYDRA’s pretty good about keeping under the radar). They’d rolled up to the hostile that Tony’d restrained – a woman named Tilda Johnson according to SHIELD’s old databases – and put her in the quinjet once they’d salvaged everything and rounded up any of the HYDRA agents. She’d still been unconscious, but they’d found a syringe with an unknown substance inside and bagged it, quickly taking off to Landstuhl to get to Steve and Tony. They hadn’t made it but a kilometre towards the hospital when JARVIS had finally gotten their notice, directing them to Tony’s crash zone, and they’d restrained Steve – who’d gotten his teeth into Thor in the process – in one of the quinjet’s holding cells before getting Tony inside, taking off immediately and calling for Helen because of the alarming state Tony’d apparently been in.
Tony takes a deep breath, musters up his courage, and tries to plaster on his usual armour of easy nonchalance even as he prays to a god he doesn’t believe in that he hasn’t ruined everything, that they can be friends again, that they can continue being family, that
Tony swallows back any other words that he wants to say and then finally steps into the mantrap, pressing his palm against the glass right where Steve’s paw rests as the glass door shuts behind him silently.
Actually, it all feels pretty good, if Tony’s being honest. He’s dry as a bone because of all the prostate stimulation itself, and sometimes it veers into excruciating when Tony gets off despite his frantic attempts otherwise (God, but sometimes it’s fucking
“I fought it the first time,” Tony interjects roughly, clears his throat, and continues in a calmer tone, “but if I don’t fight it this time—”
His reaction is immediate: Steve’s entire body instantly loses all of the snarling aggression in his tense, starving body, eyes focussed solely on Tony’s slow advance, and he’s whining pitifully, panting heavily. The blue of his eyes is so familiar, despite being surrounded by golden fur, and Tony wonders if he’s reading it right, if he’s really seeing
All Tony can do is try his damndest to hold on, twisting his body as much as JARVIS will allow him to so he’s underneath the massive, hair-covered bulk.
this, because he’d wanted something like this to happen in the comfort of the tower, his legs splayed wide so he could watch Steve’s face twist with need as he hammered his prick into Tony’s willing body, blond hair sticking to his forehead and looking so fucking gorgeous that it takes Tony’s breath away just imagining it. This, though, this is all wrong, and he wants it to be over already, wants
when he says so. Except his brain is whirling with possibilities and complications, trying to figure out ways to bypass security protocol and the bodyguards and scientists that are absolutely posted at every square foot outside of Steve’s isolation pod. The security is easy, but the flesh and blood people are a different story. If SHIELD was still running, it would’ve been easy – Fury would’ve helped Tony inside in a heartbeat, because as much as they had butted heads, Fury had still been good at being pragmatic in the face of the greater good. If it could save Captain America, and if Tony gave his word that he could buy time until a cure or treatment could be developed, he’d be rational enough to deal with the immediate dangers.
, even if you hate me for it later, because I’d rather you hate me than die. I can’t watch you die. I can’t do it. I can’t. I
is going on – but that’s about as effective as anything else has been, Steve’s changed form still just as strong and intense as he is when he’s
” he hears Clint shout over the clamouring of fighting and the sound of Steve choking on something, something wet and horrible. The others echo Clint’s barking question through their own comms, and he hears Natasha give the order for someone to move to Steve’s location.
“We’re clear over here,” Tony says, gritting his teeth while he tries to get Steve secure in his arms, mentally praising JARVIS as he wordlessly sets a coordinate point on the Avengers’ private cloud and pulls up a flight plan. “The bastard who got Steve is contained at the marker, so as soon as you’re in a good place to send someone, get this motherfucker to Landstuhl so we can figure out what the hell she did. Until then, be safe everyone, and kick some serious ass for us, yeah?”
what happened when he’d mutated either, and he’s apparently not consenting to anything now that he’s in quarantine. That’s a big deal, for Steve
Maybe it’s a good thing that he breaks down before the knot deflates, because he’s unconscious before it goes down enough to separate them.
, heading to the people in the observation booth to shadow the cell. No need for everyone to watch the show so blatantly, since they’re capable of reading their vitals without visuals, not to mention Tony’s got an implant just like Steve does that measures that sort of stuff on an internal level.
And there isn’t anything Tony wouldn’t do for Steve Rogers, to save his life, even if it’s at the expense of his own.
He can tell by the heavy, but careful heaviness of Steve’s weight that he’s done for this round, and the last knot is always the longest, a good fifteen minutes or so rather than the spare few minutes in the heat of Steve’s rut. It’s probably a good thing, because Steve’s insatiable until he’s finally spent, and he doesn’t take his prick out of Tony’s body until he’s completely done.
“If I can make a suggestion,” Tony says in a hum, eyelids fluttering as he fights the urge to sleep, “I would recommend waiting until I don’t have a knot in me, Brucie-bear. That’d be vaguely awkward, don’t you think?”
He thinks he can hear a smile in her voice when she says, “Well, you’ve always been a master at self-deprecation and denial, so I’m unsurprised by that reaction, but it’s ultimately irrelevant.” Tony opens his mouth to say something, though he’s not even sure what, but she continues quietly, “I know you have reasons to distrust me, even after all this time, but I do care about you, Tony. If I get you in there, will this kill you?”
snaps into place, right as his unprepped hole is slightly breached by a slick, hard point that’s gone just as fast as it’d slipped inside, and oh
There’s still a glimmer of fear though – not for the situation they’re in, not even for Steve’s condition exactly, but more like fear of Steve’s inevitable hatred and feelings of deep betrayal, courtesy of one Tony Stark. It’s going to be devastatingly painful when Steve justifiably tells him to leave, and a small, dark, hateful part of Tony wishes that he’d stay like—no.
They all pause and watch as a lone shadow is cast across the middle of the plane.  For a few long minutes, they watch as the shadow doesn’t move and no others join it.  “JARVIS says it’s one person,” Tony vocalizes to the rest of them. “They disarmed the alarms and engine.  I can take them.”
“Hulk likes being the little spoon,” Bruce replies, very seriously. The tension is gone, broken as easy as that.
, he has to remember himself every time he opens his mouth to make small talk) glares at him.  She melts pretty easily, and Sam’s covering his mouth when Steve looks at him out of the corner of his eye.
“Yeah,” he says as he looks up into the night sky.  It’s deep blues and and purples splashed across the side of the wall.  “I think I can stay out of trouble that long.”
He has to blink away the white after images until he can focus on the red and gold circle of metal around Tony.  It has to be some last ditch effort for security, because Tony has told him countless times he doesn’t have a suit.  Not any more.
This is the Tony he’s grown to understand.  The rambling one. The one who tells stories inside stories with layered meaning and pointed commentary if you can figure what the commentary is about.  The one who talks around things.
Tony pauses for a long moment before returning with, “You just haven’t been hanging with the right people.  Now go, leave me alone. I’ve got to get this finished.”
Instead Steve tightens his grip on the chain and lifts himself up a little more.  “I don’t even know you,” he admits.
Tony stills, and it feels like even his thoughts have come to a halt. It takes him a few minutes to struggle to get it all together in his head. “Is it off?  We have the back up tracker on his suit.”
“I wouldn’t take that out,” a voice says to his right, and Steve ducks and tenses before the person adds on, “Shit, Steve it’s just me.  Tony?”
but there was a hunger in his eyes when he watched them leave.  When he was on monitors or comms talking them through something.
Reassured that they're not making things unnecessarily difficult on Tony, Steve pours some for himself.
Tony tosses the rocket launcher in the air, shoots it with a gauntlet before zeroing on on Rumlow again.  “So, ready to surrender yet?”
Tony hums before replying, “Yeah I just finished a write up with Jay.  Come by the compound, and we’ll get you all the gear you need.”
Steve can see the fire reflected  in her eyes. Between the tense lines of her face, Natasha seems younger - a little lost maybe.  She looks towards him a moment later, and Steve would almost call her vulnerable.
“You find him dazzling, we know,” Thor says, with only a hint of exasperation. Steve's only a little embarrassed. Tony's incredible. He's not ashamed to let people know he thinks so. Even if his friends are maybe a little sick of hearing it.
“Yeah, you?” Steve asks, barely able to breathe around the pain in his ribs.  They’re probably broken.
Suddenly the main cabin door opens and the steps fold down.  All four look at each other before Clint takes off, Natasha at his back.  Sam helps him make it to the stairs as fast as they can.
“Why'd I ask?” Clint says with a grin and raises his hand, pointing at Tony's place. “Can we get a coffee for this guy?”
He hangs up and Natasha puts the phone back in her pocket before eyeing the computer stack.  She goes back into the hallway and comes back a moment later with a rusted pipe and begins to smash everything until it’s in smithereens.  He, Clint and Sam silently watch as she methodically destroys any source of data.
Then he remembers Pepper’s glowing skin, Rhodey’s steely resolve, his breathless worry sneaking under his skin until he couldn’t think, couldn’t
He used to know a lot of things.  Ever since he’s woken up in the future, Steve feels like he knows less and less.
“What about the clean energy and reconstruction efforts?”  Steve counters. “You’re helping thousands, millions even, with that.”
Tony grimaces and Natasha's expression goes a little flatter, but they separate and JARVIS repeats the process while they huddle there unhappily.
“It’s okay Spangles,” Tony replies, clear and like he’s right there.  Steve half expects his hand on Steve’s shoulder, even though they aren’t friends like that.  “I don’t expect to be anywhere near your first five calls when it comes to something like this.”  Steve starts to say something, but Tony continues with, “I’ve trawled, sorry had
A man in a black ops outfit, similar to what the guys at SHIELD used to wear, comes into view.  He has a hockey mask on, like the man in Berlin had mentioned. HYDRA remnants, he remembers Natasha calling them when they all sat around one of Tony’s holographic displays and she flipped through some images.  He’s been following them mostly - sometimes ahead of them.
“It’s on the avengers account, seriously don’t worry about it,” Tony brushes away.  There is another noise in the background, and he can hear Tony distantly muttering something about dummy’s and fire extinguishers.
“You know I don’t just do this sort of stuff for anyone,” Tony says, finally.  Steve watches him keep looking out the window, careful to not look back at Steve.  But he can tell Tony is watching him in the glass, so he keeps his face carefully neutral and stays still.
“Don't do that,” he hears Natasha murmur and Steve looks up to see Tony with his head bowed, hands in his hair.
He looks up and sees Tony there, glancing back at him, gun in hand as he shoot back at the men across the room.  “You’ve got a gun?” Steve questions, dazed and not 100% believing this is happening.
They're ushered through a back hallway in the building and step out into the cool Los Angeles evening air to find their limo and Happy waiting for them.
“You love that bow,” Natasha states firmly.  “Now shut up, I need to figure out if I need to go in after Stark.”
“Nah,” Rumlow replies before pulling out some of the energy weapons similar to what Steve had seen on the helicarrier during the Battle of Manhattan.  He lets it off, and it seems to actually take Tony down a little bit, pushing him back a few steps. Steve stands up and starts running towards Rumlow, who clocks him and goes, “Nuh uh uh” before shooting him.
“I'm touching you, too,” Steve points out. Part of him recognizes that his hand has moved from Tony's shoulder to his neck and that that's...an awful lot closer than he usually gets, but he can't make himself let go.
Clint and Sam had been for it, Natasha had warily agreed, and Tony...Tony had been concerned,  Hiding it well, but concerned as they made their way to South Africa. Something about today had made Steve’s gut roll, so he had asked.  Half to get Tony back in the fight. He knows Tony had promised himself no more after seeing his family get hurt
Steve isn’t completely weak, but his shirt is soaked with blood, and he’s feeling a little woozy.  He’s too off his game for there to not be some drugs in his system. And if Rumlow is what he looks to be, then they probably have him on something that will take a while to get out of his system - if they don’t reup his dose.
It only takes a few minutes before JARVIS speaks again.  “Sir,” he pauses, and Tony sits back up for this, puts everything down because he knows this is going to be bad.  Knows it down to his bones, to his scars from Afghanistan. “I cannot ping his phone.”
Steve looks down at Bruce who shrugs.  “Like I said, he was been watching out for you all a lot.”  He take his leave as Steve sits hard down in the chair Bruce has been occupying for a while.  He stays there until the sun is high in the sky, just watching.
Steve looks around, doesn’t see anyone else coming before heading back to Tony.  “It’s Rumlow,” Steve tells him. Tony doesn’t look away from where he is taking his shots and quietly counting under his breath.  When he reaches 15, he ducks back down and pulls out the magazine to reload. “He’s walking around with some metal enhancements.”
Steve looks at Nat, feeling panic crawl up the back of his neck. She regards him for a moment and then says, “Thor. You'll sit with him, won't you?”
“I fear I must disabuse you of that assumption,” JARVIS replies.  “I was never the one texting you. That was all sir.”
Tony pulls his head back, frowning, and his hand comes off of Steve’s arm. “No,” he says sharply. “I’m sober.”
Tony groans and it feels like Steve’s hair stands on end. “That’s good. It’s been years, oh my god.”
“I am,” Tony replies. “Now eat your delicious meal before it gets cold.  I’ve got to run downstairs and get some work done before I go back to my side project.”  He winks at Steve and takes off down the stairs.
“Okay looks like we’re connected, “ Tony announces.  “I’m doing some digging, but it will take me a little bit.  Give me the time it takes you to get back to the jet before I have a lead on you, but it does look like the computer was turned on a few days back.  Trying to trace what was looked at then before I do a wider sweep.”
“Jay told me you had some information on a friend of mine?  I’m looking for him,” Steve says, and hopes he doesn’t sound too desperate.  The SHIELD issued phone creaks precariously in his hand.
There is a tense moment as the computer's boot up that Steve keeps looking for a face in the screens.  None appear, and he takes in a deep breath. Natasha pushes back on her heels and checks the room for something - someone.  Ghosts, Steve thinks, familiar with the hunted looks she gives the space.
Tony ducks his head to the side before grinning.  “Okay,” he tells Steve, barely above a whisper. “Stay here and just trust me.”
She’s promising things she shouldn’t.  They both know it, but it still makes Tony feel a little better.  He thinks it does the same thing for her. Thinking there is a chance this can turn out better than it is right now.
Tony raises an armor clad thumb up before flipping his helmeted head back against the concrete floor of the warehouse and groans, Iincoming.”
Tony looks up at him, his eyes seeming bigger than usual, gleaming in the patio lights. His eyelashes are so beautiful.
JARVIS doesn’t say anything, and they sit there for a moment while Tony continues working until he finally breaks and queries, “Sir?”
Natasha bristles the second they walk into the facility.  Steve doesn’t ask her until they have gotten past the abandoned hospital facilities that she refuses to walk into.  Just stands by an abandoned gurney, careful not to touch anything.
Natasha presses up against Steve from behind to look around his shoulder and the ugly feeling in Steve's stomach recedes. “Dosed you with something?”
“Sorry,” Tony says, and it sounds like he means it.  Steve’s just starting to learn what his tones mean, “I’m stuck downtown.  You find everything you need?”
His heart is in his throat, because maybe Steve is dead.  Maybe Steve is captured and being experimented on -
Steve laughs, even though it hurts because he hasn’t heard someone call him Stevie in that tone in years.  Never thought he would hear it again. “Just got in another fight. Of course you show up after.”
“We got jumped in South Africa,” she recounts.  “We were in a warehouse looking around, and all of a sudden HYDRA jumped out at us.  We were trying not to draw attention to ourselves after Kenya, so we were minimally armed, and they got Steve.  We just got back and were trying to regroup. I was about to call you.”
He flies back again, hitting one of the hummers and feels the impact down to his bones.  He tries to roll over and move, but everything hurts. Still, he sees Rumlow throw a glowing sort of grenade that attaches itself to Tony before going off in a blinding light.
Steve pauses, realizing the drink must be alcoholic. He glances around the table. “Hey, this is okay with you, Tony?”
“You don't even go to the grocery store without going for a fight,” Nat drawls and Steve rolls his eyes at her.
Steve could have his phone charging or be sleeping, or even winning a fire fight.  Tony unscrews a panel, cracking open the tablet’s back to get into the circuitry. Fine detailed work keeps him calm, busy, attention filled with trying not to screw this up.  He pulls out one of the microchips and brings it up to inspect the circuitry.
Instead he basks in the knowledge that Bucky is by his side, listening to Sam tell stories, nodding every once in a while.  Adding details or stories from his time growing up with Steve.
With a rush, the whole line drops until he hits the ground, breathless and groaning what little he has left because the meat hook has been pushed nearly back out after the hook hit the ground.  Rumlow fell further away and gets up and starts running towards some of the crates, shouting.
He should have left the second Steve asked.  Steve doesn’t ask for thing often and Tony know, knew in the moment just as he knows now, if he had been there on the ground or on the comm line - this would not have happened.
Somehow, Steve thinks that is a deflection, but lets Tony have it.  “I think I should go,” Steve says. “We’re about to head out.”
“No big deal,” Tony offers.  “It’ll make me finally clear all it up.  I should sell the old house anyway. Been meaning to throw a lot of that stuff out.  I’ll feel better if I just give it to you.”
He doesn’t hide when he slips into trying to help. Steve is grateful for that because then he gets to decide how he wants to engage it.  Mostly he avoid the topic and moves on. Sam always lets him drop it.
Thor puts a hand on the back of Steve's neck, cupping it, his thumb stroking the tendon in Steve's neck and the relief, the instant flood of it, nearly takes his legs out from under him.
They are getting ready to hike through the mountains will little cell coverage, no matter what Tony promises he can do.
“Sir,” JARVIS returns, unnaturally persistent for the AI, which makes the hair on the back of Tony’s neck stand up in a way he hasn’t felt in a while.  He keeps his head down, trying to work. “What about contacting Mr. Rogers again?”
Steve wants to tease Tony, but he also thinks he may puke if he opens his mouth.  Instead he grinds his teeth together and tries to walk with Natasha and Sam on either side, guiding him and helping him stay on his feet.
He feels the moment Tony hits the ground.  It rattles his teeth a little bit, and Steve pushes himself up again and takes in the scene as the dirt resettles.
“I didn’t need to know that,” Bruce says from Steve’s left. Steve has no response because he’s pretty sure his brain is dribbling out of his ears.
Then he rolls out from behind the box, arms held up, no gun on him.  “Hey so, I give up you guys,” he calls. “How about we negotiate? I’ve got a shit ton of money to pay for my way out of here.”
Nat finds them in Germany months down the line.  She slides into the seat beside Clint of the pub they are trying to keep a low profile in.  She’s in dark jeans, boots, and a motorcycle jacket. He hair is darker now, nearly the same color as her jacket.  “You’re not blending in as well as you probably think you are,” she says.
There are things Tony isn’t adding, skipping around the details and picking out the ones he thinks Steve wants to hear.  It’s selective and annoying, but Steve has gotten used to this when he talked to Tony. The half step between what is in his head and what comes out of his mouth that gets missed.  The careful filtering.
“Years ago. We were doing a business deal in Ethiopia. Clint's obviously had more experience,” he says, raising his voice to carry across the table.
“What did the mask look like?”  Steve demands. The man behind the bar has reappeared and looks to be catching up on what is going on in his establishment as he reached for a phone.  They have all of 20 minutes to probably wrap this up.
“Always,” Tony scoffs.  He pauses, and the familiar typing that Steve hadn’t even clocked in the background pauses for a moment.
Back in Tony's room, everyone spreads out. Thor makes himself at home on the settee in the lounge while Tony and Natasha move over to where Tony's luggage is sitting on a rack at the foot of his bed. Steve wants to follow them, but he crosses his arms tightly over his chest and mashes down the urge. Clint hops up on the desk where he can watch everyone and Bruce follows behind all of them, his eyes moving carefully around the room.
Steve is suddenly very aware he doesn’t have his phone on him anymore and that his gear has been stripped from him.  He’s very aware that he doesn’t know where he is, and that the other probably don’t as well.
Steve asks, because Tony is a private individual and JARVIS was not part of any search.  He was part of Tony’s private, non contractual work that SI didn’t own and his own attorneys had patented within an inch in so many various ways that no one could understand how he had actually done it, per Natasha one frustrated afternoon of attempting to decipher the paperwork.
“Right about what?” Steve asks, his stomach falling unpleasantly when his hand disconnects from Tony's neck.
There’s a way he says the words that make Steve pause.  The way his hand gestures and then immediately gets shoved into his pockets like he is scared too come to close because what he is saying could make Steve react poorly.
“I just,” Steve starts and then drops it off, looking over Tony’s shoulders to the city outside.  “I don’t like being a burden. I didn’t like it back then, and I don’t like it now.”
“Scan complete,” JARVIS says. “Sir’s heart rate and respiration are slightly elevated. UV scan indicates areas with an unusual powder substance, mainly concentrated on the face and hands. Blood analysis shows elevated dopamine levels.”
“Including the new suit, thanks for that by the way, I hadn’t even thought about the fact I needed a new one.”  Steve returns and takes a few steps into the dining area. He lets his free hand clutch onto the back of the chair and tentatively tightens his grip.  It doesn’t creak ominous, and Steve has to smile at that. That’s something Tony had to take into account for this compound - his and Hulk’s increased strength.
Steve catches his arm before he can back away too far. “No. Tony, it’s fine. Just something I noticed that’s all.” He glances down at his hand on Tony’s arm. The warmth of Tony’s skin feels… His hand flexes.
“You know, I got pretty good at this flashy stuff during the USO tours, but I was never anything like Tony.”
They stumble into the cabin and almost hit Natasha and Clint’s backs.  Steve straightens and bites back a groan before looking around them. Tony is still in his armor, but doesn’t have the gauntlets up.  Across from him is Bucky, sitting in a chair. Hair lank and dirty, and eyes dark. Rumlow is out cold, tied up in the chair beside him.
“Systematically cleaning house?” Steve questions as the gunfire pauses.  He peeks around the corner and sees no movement. He looks back to Tony and knows they both don’t feel good about this.
“What are you doing here?” he asks, studying Natasha.  She looks tired to be honest, but he knows he has bags under his eyes too.  He spends most nights imaging what happened to Bucky those years he was under the ice to get him to the man he saw in DC.  This isn’t the one he grew up. He’s completely different, and the more Steve thinks about it, the less he knows what to do about that.
“Give him J’s number,” Tony advises.  “That way I can coordinate a flight out as soon as you are ready.”
Slower than usual, Tony blinks. “Am I?” He looks down at his hands, then draws back further, the anger on his face turning to worry. “Is it bothering you?”
“What’s up Cap?” Tony says after one ring.  Steve takes a second before responding, he honestly wasn’t expecting Tony to pick up that fast.
Tony smiles at him and then tips his head to the side, letting his cheek rest on Steve's shoulder. Warmth flushes through Steve's belly. “Thanks, Steve. Glad you think so.”
Tony pauses for a moment before hunching over the table.  It’s not something he wants to talk about, that last phone conversation.  He shouldn’t have said yes. He needs to be here, finishing up the transition with Pepper - even though she could tun SI in her sleep at this point - and make sure the latest StarkTablet gets out on time even though the engineering branch has fucked the entire project beyond even Tony’s standards.  He’s probably going to have to start from scratch at this point. “Nah, I need to work on this.”
Bruce nods.  “I suspected.”  At Steve’s raised eyebrow, he adds, “Tony spends a lot of time with you guys on camera, even when he is working.  Trying to keep an eye on you or getting ahead of the things you need before you ask. He doesn’t have much spare time these days, so he’s gotten pretty good at multitasking.”
“I’m keeping you off the radar, it’s like you want HYDRA to find out in the middle of Berlin with some low level 12 year old hacker who should be spending time on Minecraft,” Tony rambles through, and Steve smiles as he looks down.
.  They need to talk about it, but all he can think about is how Tony’s looked at him, soft and sweet over the dinners he’s made.  The early morning cups of coffees where Tony has muttered things under his breath. And Steve gets it now - gets what Tony has been talking around and not saying.
Tony nudges Steve's elbow. “I'll take you anywhere you want to go, you know that, don't you, Cap? Seriously. Anywhere. You name the place, you name the time.” Tony puts a hand on his thigh and Steve feels it all the way down to his toes, up into his scalp. The palm of Tony's hand is hot, radiating through Steve's pants, feeling like a small sun against his leg. Steve's tongue suddenly feels too big for his mouth.
Tony groans.  “SI has eyes and years all over the world.  You can’t be the reason we do one little thing.”
Natasha catches Tony’s eye as they leave, and he flicks her off without looking back, trying to hurry past her.  Steve watches as she breaks into silent laughter. Clint, clearly disgruntled, goes fishing for his wallet before handing some money to Sam.  Bruce raises a mug of tea from his place in the corner before turning back to the movie he was watching. Bucky sits in a corner chair and cracks a smile when he sees Steve looking his way.
JARVIS pauses carefully before replying, “Yes sir.  I calculate now would be a good time to check in on the progress of Mr Rogers if you wished.”
Natasha and Clint burst through the door, survey the room before straightening and heading towards them.  “The perimeter’s secure,” Natasha notifies as she comes over and lays gentle hands on Steve.
The way Tony looks over at him before squeezing his fingers again, he thinks Tony was waiting for it too.
“Yeah, fine,” Tony says breezily, letting his elbow press into Steve's open hand. “I'm good. I just hate that guy.” With permission to touch, Steve isn't shy about checking to make sure Tony's really okay. His neck is a little red. Apparently, the other man had a good grip on him. Steve huffs, aggravated.
Tony looks back at him and smiles ruefully, almost like one of Bucky’s smiles these days.  Like it hurts for some reason, and something in Steve aches at the knowledge that smile is directed at him.  “You caught me in a good time in my life. Five years earlier and you would have hated me.”
He strips off his shirt and goes into his closet to pull off a fresh shirt and jeans to change into after he’s showered.  He needs something to wake him up, pull him out of the half feeling he’s in.
Steve doesn’t know what to do with that.  Instead, he puts the phone down and starts working on finishing up his discharge paperwork.
“I can tell it’s wearing you thin.  You don’t have to spend all this time helping me.  I could do it the old school way,” Steve blurts out before he leans back a little bit abashed at his lack of tack.
“What do you mean?” Clint says just before she ducks and slides down right when a bar stool breaks behind her where her head was a second ago.  He ducks too before slinking under the table.
“You aren’t,” Natasha replies briskly.  They hustle down the street in a fast pace, and once they clear three blocks from the bar, they all slow down.  Clint pulls up his hood and hunches, and Steve slows down to a stroll, putting a hand around Clint and keeping up as commentary of what they are passing - like Clint is being forced to be a tourist with an overly eager Steve.  They both follow Natasha as she navigates them in a winding path in the middle of Berlin for a few minutes before she ducks into a tea shop.
“Ha,” Tony laughs.  “You act like I didn’t come here for the vibranium in his shield and a sample of blood.  Thanks for making that easy guys. I hadn’t thought of a meat hook before.”
She pauses, static crackling on the line.  “Are you sure?” And there is something there in between what she is saying and how she is reacting that Tony should acknowledge, but there isn’t enough time to study it.  Pull it apart and figure out what she isn’t saying.
The scent of tea leaves is overwhelming and Steve has to take a moment to hold his breath before he can adjust.  Clint breaks away and straightens. Natasha, however, walks up to the front desk and nods at the proprietor who smiles in return.  They exchange a few words in German before pointing to the Employee Only signed door.
Clint’s silent as he watches them talk.  When Steve looks to him, he shrugs, silently.  Steve quells the urge to roll his eyes. He pulls out his phone and sees one text from Sam
Behind the curtain, it's like seeing Fury at the grocery store. All the polish and glamour is replaced with severe practical scaffolding and wires everywhere you look. Strange and not meant to be seen.
“I cannot ping it either sir,” JARVIS says apologetically.  “Would you like me to call Natasha Romanov?”
Tony licks his lips, sweat glittering at his hairline. He blinks and then his eyes pinch slightly at the corners. “I...feel strange.”
“You could come back out, be a superhero.”  Steve offers. He misses the air support of Thor and Ironman some days.  The problem solving they had in Manhattan. It would make a lot of things go faster, he thinks.
Natasha pushes to her feet and moves behind Steve, one of her hands staying on his shoulder even as she cups Tony's chin, tilting his face upward. “What kind of something?”
.  Because Natasha rarely looked like that, and it was the same look in her eye when she had turned to Steve, right before she turned on the emulator and said,
“You okay?” he hears, but he keeps his eyes out on the horizon looking for any more agents about to come in an attack them.
It’s like watching a horror movie in slow motion - time frozen as Steve tries to get there in time noise going out, until he realizes he can’t hear anything over the roar of an engine.  He watches as red and gold encompasses Tony, planting in the ground like shield. The rocket hits it point blank, erupting into a bright fire that sends Steve crashing back into the crate.
“Wow, you know how to make a girl feel pretty,” Tony returns as he finally pulls off the tie.  “God I hate these things. But seriously is there enough for me to grab some too? If not, I need to call the chinese place and get some because now I have a craving.”
“All the work you are doing here in Africa,” Steve replies.  “I can’t help but notice the trail of SI initiatives following in our wake. You know you don’t have to, but I would like to take some credit for it if it is.”
Steve breaks into a grin, too buoyed by Tony's attention and the substance to even think of smothering it.
“That’s not good,” he mumbles before grabbing at the chain to try and get leverage and hold himself up.  The more he comes into awareness, the more keenly aware of the pain he has become, and he wants to keep the weight off his shoulder.  Steve’s pretty sure his shoulder is separated and the initial wound is slowly growing from the weight of his body.
Steve pauses, a man in a  well tailored suit heading is way, “Tony are you sure about all of this?  You don’t have to.”
“I’m done,” Steve says and pulls out two bowls.  He evens out his proportioning before sliding the second one across to Tony with a spoon already inside.
“Yeah,” Tony agrees, rubbing his jaw. “Not usually a kisser, but it's been awhile.” He gives a full body shudder and shakes himself. “
Clint’s in the plane when Steve walks up to it on the tarmac.  He does a double take to Clint’s wide grin with his giant earphones around his neck.  “I thought you were on a mission.”
The laughter is startled, like it was released in a puff of air.  “Okay Steve. I’ll be able to head your way in twenty four hours. I have a few things I need to finish up.  Can you hold out until then?”
The way Tony is funding this trek across the world, and Steve still doesn’t know what he is getting out of this.
Steve hmms, and Tony continues, “So they use site crawlers. Think of those as a Natasha for the internet to index any and all new sites.  I use alerts when those crawlers add ny websites with content around ‘avenger’ or your general names or codenames.”
Everyone sits back as Tony goes up to the side door on the plane near the cockpit, touches the side and it opens for him.  “Goddamn biometrics,” Clint curses. “Of course Stark has that in his planes.”
“I swore I told you.  Maybe I told Fury and thought he would pass it to you.  Well whatever, you know now. I’ve got some of your stuff, some memorabilia, some of the Howling Commandos stuff too.  Maybe even some of Barnes’ things. Not sure. Dad’s got a whole warehouse of junk under the mansion. Next time you’re back, I’ll let you in.  You can take whatever you want.”
“True,” Bruce says, eventually when they have both settled.  “But I also don’t think he cares any more. He does what he wants and when he wants.  The only people whose opinion he cares about are the ones he lets in.” Bruce thins his lips.  “He’ll let us know if it’s too much, eventually. Or at least JARVIS will give us a heads up.”
“Like we’re going to believe that,” Rumlow returns.  “They have been flying around in Stark planes using Stark tech.  You’ve been the man behind the machine since day one.”
Tony nods.  “Yeah, Nat’s found your shield and making her way here with it.  She knows you need medical attention too.”
Tony had hedged the answer before distracting Steve with some other topic. Steve lets him because sometimes he thinks he wouldn’t even understand the answer if Tony gave it to him.)
The man on right with the rocket launcher reloads and shoots at Tony again, who stay still and takes it before quipping, “Now you’ve scratched the paint.  Guess you’ve bought it now” before flying towards the guy and shooting picking it out of his hands, while shooting sedatives into everyone in the vicinity.
Clint nods and leads the way out of the building.  Tony takes the rear, and Steve can feel his careful gaze behind him the entire way out.
“Wasn't he in jail?” Tony's muttering, annoyance thick in his voice. He goes with it easily when Natasha gently pushes his chin to the side, peering at his neck. “I feel like I need a shower.”
Bucky shrugs.  His clothes are a little big on his frame, but he’s careful not to move the metal hand.  “Mostly. Still missing some stuff in here.”
, but Natasha steps up besides him.  “Yeah that tracks.” She cocks her head to the side. “Let’s go.”
Steve opens his mouth to answer, but Bucky is the one who beats him to the punch.  “His momma’s name was Sarah. He put newspaper in his shoes. And the kid got the flu every year before he got muscled up.”
He’s learned to trust Natasha’s taste in people.  And if Tony is vouching for him, well Steve is learning to trust Tony too.
Tony has very little time he gets to spend on what he wants these days.  Sleep, surfing the web, food, and coffee are some of the things he like to spend in between the moments where he is signing papers, approving projects, firing people.
“He’s always liked you,” Natasha shrugs when Clint can’t stop laughing.  “He sells his motivations as something else. He’s always done that. Tony Stark doesn’t like admitting things like that.”
Rumlow starts laughing.  “I know you’re with Widow,” he says.  “I wasn’t dumb enough to keep you in the same place.”  He gestures to someone in the distance who Steve can’t even make out.   The wall begins to move, and Steve realizes it’s actually door, and if he looks around he can see large hummers filling the sides of the building with crates that have FRAGILE stamped on the side.
“Yeah,” Tony says, a hint of confusion in his voice. “As the whole world knows, my options are wide open.”
“I meant as partners! Partners in crime! I didn’t want you two sucking face!” Fury screeches. The vein on his forehead looks like it’s about the burst. Even his eyepatch is quivering.
At that moment, with the limited knowledge that his father was in the army, Steve stood as tall as his young body would allow him too, and told his mother that he was going to find his father. It was his mission.
Then, Tony pulls Steve closer, hands on his hips, and Steve can feel his brain shutting down. Right now, all he can think about is Tony, who’s-
In the corner of his eye, he spots a large, sleek black suitcase with a tiny eagle embedded on the bottom right side.
Steve inhales and looks at the ceiling before catching Tony’s eye. “We have to be undercover at a gay bar.” He exhales through gritted teeth.
Steve cups Tony’s face in his hands, then leans down to capture the other man’s lips in a searing and dirty kiss. Now it’s Tony’s turn to gasp.
Then, there was the serum, where Steve’s body changed and became the super-soldier everyone knew today. That was a dangerous operation; of course, it all worked out in the end.
Tony nods and darts his tongue out to wet his lips. Without meaning to, Steve tracks the movement, not noticing that Tony’s watching him.
Fury, damn him, dares to stay silent, until Steve takes a step forward. Fury’s still sitting, so the only thing he does is scoot his chair slightly backward, which in of itself is funny.
Steve chuckles again and goes to reply, stopping when he sees Tony’s eyes fixed on something behind them. They’re still swaying to the beat, and Steve wonders if he should still them.
Well, that was unexpected. But, it also proved one thing to Steve; that he clearly was not to meant Tony that he’s bisexual.
“I have to tell you something,” Steve manages to get out. This is it. He needs to say this. This is what it all comes down to. This exact-
“No, he’s not,” A voice from behind says, and when Steve whirls around, he feels relief pour over him like cold water on a hot day. It’s Tony, holding two drinks (both beers, even though Steve can’t really get drunk anymore) and wearing a lovely scowl. “Piss off.”
But, if Steve stayed right where he is and watched Hammer get his ass handed to him (let’s be real here, Tony is ridiculously and surprisingly strong), allowed the henchmen to run over to their boss, then grabbed the case and ran, taking Tony with him as they escaped, then they would have the weapons.
“Tony, you can’t go after him,” Steve tries, grabbing Tony’s arms, trying to ground him in place. “It’ll draw suspicion.”
Steve wildly glances around, trying to see where the hell Tony is when he spots him marching his way up to Hammer.
The white van takes a while to catch up, but finally, in some deserted, suburban part of the city, both cars pull over to stop.
The walk to the elevator is a short one. Not quick enough, unfortunately, to ward away his thoughts.
“Yep. Obviously, you can’t dress ‘gay’, or so Maria tells me, but we’ve noticed a pattern for what gay men typically wear, and you’ll be dressed in that.”
Honestly, it started innocently enough. Tony would be in his workshop (Stark Tower is enormous!), tinkering away, and Steve would occasionally drop in on him, mostly to make sure he wasn’t starving himself or dying or anything. If Tony died, then the Avengers would be down a member, and that would be the opposite of good.
Steve opens his mouth to say something but is cut off by Fury getting out of the van, his agents behind him, and screaming.
This will be the only time he’ll be with Tony like...this. Pressed together, the delicious friction and Tony’s tiny little breathy moans-
Whoever did his makeup must’ve been kicked out of cosmetic school, because his face is way too tan for the rest of his body. Plus- is that eyeliner? Thank God Bucky will never see him like this; Steve wouldn't hear the end of it.
“Fucking New York,” Tony mutters, starting the engine again (Huh. When did he turn it off?) and resumes their journey.
Deciding that arguing wouldn’t help anybody right now, Tony sighs and tells him seven minutes. Steve nods, then opens a window.
Still, even with that experience, none of it could’ve ever prepared Steve for what Fury had in store.
“Now, it’s not an ideal mission,” Fury starts. “But obtaining these weapons are very important. We can’t have them falling into enemy hands.”
For some reason, Steve threw an arm over Tony, clearly trying to shield him from the (brief) accident. After a moment, still shaken up, Steve snatches his arm back, cradling it with his right arm.
Fury sighs and hands Steve his fake ID and driver’s license. It looks surprisingly real, which isn’t that much of a surprise considering SHIELD has some of the best technology available to do shit like this.
“We have eyes on you both, by the way.” Clint’s voice cuts through the chatter, and Steve feels Tony scowl.
Tony waves him off. “Tomayto, tomahto. But hey, you did a good job on really selling the whole ‘fake dating’ thing. Really had me going there.” He laughs, probably to further hit home Steve’s pain.
One mission that stood out the most was when Steve ended up crashing a plane into the ocean and being frozen, lost at sea, for seventy years. Yeah, missions seemed to have gotten a lot more high priority as time went on.
The elevator does nothing to assuage Steve’s unease, and when he exits, he’s suddenly faced with the realization that he has to go talk to Tony about dating. About dating. And yeah, it was fake dating, but still. Steve hasn’t been in a relationship since 1945; can he really handle this?
It scared him, sometimes, how much he cared about that asshole. While Steve was assessive, Tony was reckless. They had many, many differences, but a lot of them were minuscule. They’re both loyal, determined, and want what’s best for the good of the people. Tony’s self-reliance and self-respect is something that Steve admires most about the other man; it makes him even more attractive.
Steve laughs, and loosens his arms slightly so that their faces are four or five inches apart. “My arms won’t kill you.”
“You-“ He points a finger at Steve, who steps back. “You stole my line! I’m supposed to confess my love to you, you idiot!”
Steve narrows his eyes in confusion before remembering the fake names, then remembers something else. “Oh shit, we were supposed to turn on the...things.”
“I have no idea what you’re saying,” Steve says, interrupting Tony’s babbling. “But Fury wants us back to his office soon so we can be given makeovers.”
“Here’s the earpieces so we can communicate with you. Turn them on when you get into the club.” They’re both handed small, black devices that look like hearing aids. Tony clearly thinks this too, if the scowl on his face is anything to go by.
Yeah, he’s right. It’s fine. Except Steve would never be able to touch Tony like that again, or call ‘dear’ or ‘darling’ or dance with him-
“That they don’t have fucking valets. I mean, think about it. Think of how much more fucking money they would make if they just had some fucking valets. I don’t want to park my vehicle in the back, you fucking asswipes. Fuck you.” Tony parks the car, furious, then takes the keys out of the ignition.
“Well, my dear,” Steve says (he’s settling into the role of ‘the boyfriend’, that’s the only reason he’s doing this. The only one whatsoever), effectively shocking Tony out of his tirade. “It’s a good thing there’ll be alcohol at this club because it sounds like you need a drink.”
“That’s, um, unexpected. A gay bar? Fury let AIM steal his weapons and then store them in a gay bar? And now we have to retrieve them at a-”
He stops in the middle of the hall, right before the door to the workshop (there’s a faint sound of rock music playing), and takes a couple of deep breaths as a way to control his erratic beating heart.
He’s never had an official relationship with another man, but, back in the army, sometimes men would seek comfort in their comrades. It was the product of war, Steve told himself as he kissed Jacobs in the dark of the bunkers, the smell of blood and dirt masked by the smell of sweat. There was also a hint of desperation in the mix, and Steve’s heartbeat going two-hundred miles a minute didn’t help him enjoy it. He was too worried about getting caught.
Once outside, Steve takes in a whiff of crisp, fresh, New York air. It’s the middle of September, and today seems to be one of those days where Mother Nature suddenly decides she wants it to be November.
After careful consideration, Steve schooled his face into neutrality. “Fury said we had to be undercover. Both of us. Undercover, together.”
Wiping away one last tear, Steve fixes Tony with a sad look. “It’s just that, well, I’m in love with you. And I think I have been for a while. Oh, and I’m bisexual, which I’ve wanted to tell you for a long time as well. I didn’t want to ruin our friendship, but after tonight…”
Of course, when Steve thinks back (again) to before the ice, he had relations with men and women, placing him in the bisexual category. Maybe he shouldn’t be in any group. He knows that he likes guys and girls; shouldn’t that be enough?
The backdoor of the van opens, and Clint, Natasha, and Maria Hill emerge from it. Clint gives them a little wave. “We’re gonna have so much fun together tonight, boys!”
“Knock it off,” Maria snaps, reaching over to knock Clint in the head again. “Boys, we need you to pay attention to the DJ’s. There seems to be something fishy going on with them. They might have the weapons.”
Steve almost opens his mouth to prove Tony wrong, then realizes he would be outing himself in the process and keeps it shut.
There’s a moment where they’re staring into each other’s eyes, Tony’s defiance written across his face like a billboard. Steve narrows his eyes, daring Tony to repeat his rejection, and to his relief, Tony sighs and backs down.
They reach the elevators, Tony stepping aside to allow Steve to enter first. He’s smirking, and Steve doesn’t know how the hell he’s going to be able to efficiently complete this mission.
“But we have to act the part. Together.” Steve says. His mind is a broken record, repeating the words ‘Tony’ and ‘gay bar’ over and over again.
Steve scoffs at that. Yes, the tabloids had made Tony’s relationships with men very well known, from one night stands to flings to that one-month relationship with some blonde guy that Tony had dumped because Blondie didn’t believe in climate change.
The ride home in the Mercedes is quiet. So is the walk up Stark Tower, where apparently literally everyone lives. As they should; it’s a big building.
The stranger matches Tony’s scowl, then turns and stalks off somewhere. Steve takes one of the drinks in his hand, wondering if he even wants to try any.
Steve knows everything about Tony; from the way he likes his coffee to his favorite movie (It’s The Other Woman, for reasons unknown) to his preference in men (and women!). All of their interactions are stored carefully in Steve’s mind, sealed away with a date and time. He remembers the smile on Tony’s face when Steve accidentally ran into DUM-E. He remembers tucking a blanket over Tony when he passed out in the lab again working on some insane new project. Steve has all these memories of his friend (is that what he still is, though?), but most importantly, he trusts him. Steve trusts Tony Stark with his life, with his mind, body, and soul, with every single ounce of his being. He’s fully surrendered any and all doubt, for he…
“I want you and Stark back here in less than an hour for your costume change, or whatever the fuck they’re gonna do. Got it?”
“Sir, yes, sir!” Tony chirps, grabbing his fake ID and strolling out of the room, leaving no choice but for Steve to give Fury a quick goodbye as he tries to catch up to Tony, who’s waiting outside the door for him.
It feels like everything is finally clicking into place. Here Steve is, doing the one thing he couldn’t stop thinking about, and doing it well. He’s come a long way from the barrack-romps, in his opinion.
Even the makeup looks good. Something shiny actuated Tony’s nose and cheekbones; his eyebrows are done, and his beard is neatly trimmed just the way Tony likes it. He looks goddamn angelic.
That moment, the car in front of them slams on their brakes, making Tony do the same. The car skids to a halt, and miraculously, no one was hurt. No car was scratched, either.
With another deep breath, Steve opens the door to the workshop, the rock music louder and louder with each step he takes. Soon, Tony is in sight, lying on his back under a floating Iron Man suit, clearly trying to fix some of the damage caused by the last Avenger mishap.
A little while back, during one of Steve’s restless nights, he decided to look up online different sexualities and what they mean. There are a lot. Some Steve has heard of, like gay and straight, and some are entirely new to him, like allosexual and androsexual.
Pink denim pants clung to his figure, making his ass look huge. A white cotton v-neck shirt hung loosely on his shoulders, so slack that it felt as if it would fall off at any moment.
He must’ve been about five or six; it was around the time that he started to become curious about his father. Sarah, Steve’s mother, had to gently explain to her son that Joseph wasn’t coming back, that he was in a permanent place now, and that visiting him would be very difficult.
Somewhere in the building, Clint turns on the coms, hears wet, kissy noises, and promptly passes out.
“Tony,” Steve says, swallowing thickly. Tony glances at him, still clearly worried, though never taking his eyes off the road.
As soon as the words leave Tony’s mouth, he turns to wink at Steve, who immediately smiles and shakes his head, looking at the floor.
“Not the-” Tony gestures vaguely to Steve’s arm and his body. “I’m talking about the car in front of me!”
The corners of Steve’s mouth turn upwards. Tony notices and grins, making Steve grin until they’re just two men smiling at each other in an empty room.
“Oh, I’m driving.” Tony says immediately, looking incredibly stubborn. Steve opens his mouth to argue, thinks better of it, then closes it.
Tony rolls his eyes. “Yeah, whatever.” Still, he taps his ear, just as Steve does the same. Immediately, they’re bombarded by Fury and Maria asking questions about the mission so far.
Tony shushes him, ignoring the weird looks the pair are getting from the three disgruntled (and one amused) agents. “It’s okay. Hey, relax. You’re fine. We got the weapons. It’s fine.”
“How do you wanna do this? Should we have, like, a safe word, or something? What about Cancun? Like, that’s an infamous vacation of ours because some chick tried to kiss you and you tried to turn away, but then you moved back and told me what had happened, and I got super upset, but then you kissed me to show it didn’t mean anything and then we-”
Yeah, Tony telling the truth when he said that revealing clothes was the dress code. All the men here (and a couple women, Steve later notices) are dressed in low-cut shirts and tight, form-fitting pants. Some have on fedoras. Steve makes a mental note to stay away from those people.
“Your mission,” Sarah said to him, bending down, so they were on the same eye level. “Is to stay with me. Alright, soldier?”
He’s being stupid. Why is he keeping this from Tony? He’s Steve’s best friend. He’s one of the only people that genuinely understands him, that doesn’t care about Captain America or righteousness or the super-soldier serum. He’s not Howard.
With no one around, Steve casually makes his way under the DJ booth, grabs the case, then says into his com, “Tony, I got the weapons. Let’s go.”
“How about,” Tony says, completely ignoring Fury. “Robert Downey Jr.? I think it has more of a ring to it. And can we change Steve’s name, too? Christopher Evans is long.”
Steve forces himself to take a couple deep breaths, ignores Tony’s worried glances, and says, “Please don’t pull the car over.”
The two men stood in Fury’s office, with Fury sitting at his desk and Steve standing in front of him.
“I didn’t...um, I mean, I didn’t mean to, uh-” Steve starts, but is cut off by Tony whirling around to look at him, indignation written on his face.
Tony stills, then claps his hands together. “Alrighty then. Sounds like a plan. When do we have to leave? We have to look the part, though, so what exactly constitutes as undercover? Plus, it really depends on the club we go to because at Pulse they wear shorts, but if we’re going to one in New York, say, Hardware, then we’ll have to wear something super revealing because they do not play around there. But, if it’s the Townhouse, then we’ll have to dress somewhat nice-”
“Thank you,” Steve says close to Tony’s ear, so he can be heard. “I’m not sure what that guy’s problem was.”
Okay, so it wasn’t an official mission. Steve’s going to count it anyway because his tragic backstory is what defines him today.
Steve’s stomach starts to turn. But Fury said that had to do it together...or had he? Had Steve orchestrated the whole thing? Without even meaning to?
Tony’s mouth snaps shut, and he considers this for a moment before nodding. “Alright. Anything else?”
Fury raises an eyebrow at the question. “Steve, your new name is Christopher Evans. You were born on June 13th, you have three siblings, and you have a Jack Russell Terrier named Dodger.”
“No, I understand, sir,” Steve says, wanting to escape this room as fast as possible. “Does Tony know, or should I go tell him?”
“So,” Tony says as they settle into a comfortable walking pace. It marvels Steve, sometimes, how easily they slip together. He quickly shakes the thought from his head.
It’s not that he and Tony aren’t friends, because they are. It’s that Steve may or may not have a crush on the other man.
“Now,” Tony continues, “I have a few theories. One; our enemy, who may or may not be AIM, is gay and chose a familiar place. Two; the thieves thought to go somewhere where they thought Shield would never follow, which is fairly accurate, I do say so myself. I’m probably one of the only people who-”
That’s what Fury meant, right? They had to act the part. They had to blend into this new environment, and to do that, they had to pretend to be involved.
Sometimes, Steve feels a prick on his neck, all too used to being watched from years on the field, and when he looks around, he sees Tony looking at the ground or the ceiling.
Tony decided at that exact moment to pull their bodies flush together, moving to the beat of the music, and start slowly grinding up against Steve with the sole intent of ruining Steve’s entire fucking life.
Suddenly, as if summoned, Tony comes barging out of the club, Hammer and five (when the hell did those guys get here?) men all dressed in black coats and matching suits hot on his heels.
“You know, I keep telling Fury that if he let me upgrade his security, his shit would be a hell of a lot safer, and every time, he ignores me,” Tony says, taking a sip of his coffee. “Well, look at what happened. Idiots. Who snatched them?”
Once the clock on the wall reaches seven o'clock, Fury tells them that they have to leave. He nods at the makeup artists, who scurry away.
As Tony graciously checks himself out, Steve tries very hard to look anywhere but Tony’s ass. Okay, so he lied. Big deal. Tony looks absolutely gorgeous in a form-fitting black shirt and green pants so tight Steve worried that the second Tony tried to run, they would rip.
“Well, you’ll both have to be undercover at a gay bar,” Fury says. “Which means you’ll have to look the part.”
Steve groans and rolls on his side.  He takes the length of the chain and pulls at it until it breaks apart, leaving him with a few links attached to the meat hook in his shoulder.
He looks down, because maybe he was wrong.  Maybe he doesn’t understand Tony, and he was just being a friend.  Or helping him take a terrible assassins off the streets. Anything but doing it for something other than just making the world better.  And he just crossed a big line of that is the real deal.
Tony laughs, but the sound is a little wet. Steve's stomach clenches and he sways forward before he gets himself back under control.
Sam leans into his space one dark night in Russia and says, “Who are you texting all the time?” as quietly as he can when they are all on a jet together.
floats under Tony’s rambling, and sometimes the future hurts to understand, so he just gives up questioning how things work for Tony.  He just knows they always have. It’s nice to have that constant in the continuously changing future. “I wanted to check in. See how you were.”
When Steve turns to look at him, really look at him, he can tell Tony’s tired.  There are bags under is eyes darker than some night’s skies, and he looks worn to the bone. Steve’s hands twitch.   “It looks like you don’t sleep anymore,” Steve comments.
“Your heart and respiration rates have accelerated significantly,” he reports. “Dopamine levels have plummeted.”
After swallowing some of the sweet yellow drink, Steve says, “You know, someday it'd be nice to go somewhere just to, y'know. Go. Instead of going for a fight.”
Helping Steve and the others is almost as good a high as a good cup of coffee these days.  Something he can grab with his hands and see the results of. See the way the ring of a phone eases the lines on Steve’s face.  Hears the laughter that he can startle out of Steve sometimes from halfway across the world.
“You’re an emotional child Barton, so it works,” Tony says, like he is only paying half attention.  Clint weights the statement back in forth as he thinks about it before nodding like he grudgingly agrees with Tony.
“Could you come help?” Steve asks in the quiet of the moment.  And for a second it’s too honest, too much to ask for, and he knows it.
It makes him look more like the Howard he used to see on the walls of SHIELD.  Steve isn’t sure how he feels about that.)
“Uh,” he starts, before shaking his head as he pushes his baseball cap low as he works through the crowd.  “I was told to contact you about information?”
“It’s gotta be HYDRA,” Tony bites out, bitter he didn’t see this coming.  Wasn’t watching Steve’s six as he would put it. “What I really need is a suit.”
that guy. Can't believe he got in here. Anyway.” He swipes his hands downward. “Time for dinner, right?”
Everyone piles back out of the limo and then into the garage elevator. Their dinner reservation is at a restaurant on one of the upper floors.
“Oh, they reached out and asked if they could borrow some stuff, or if we would donate some of the things Dad has in storage.  I’ve got a lot of your old gear. If I didn’t know better, I would think Dad was a hoarder,” Tony replies, distracted.
They chronicle the entire saga in salacious details, ending with Pepper Potts in the hospital - stay indefinite and Tony stepping back into the CEO position temporarily.  His face is grim, lined in a way that Steve isn’t familiar with.
Bucky and Natasha lead him to a seat and busy themselves with working with cleaning his wounds and debating whether they should sew him up.  Sam steps in and gives some feedback about how quickly he heals after the DC mess.
He narrows his eyes, and Sam’s shoulders start shaking as he tries to suppress his laughter.  But by that time, the phone is about to stop ringing and hit voicemail, so he just answers with a terse, “This is Steve.”
“Tony,” he hisses.  “This is an unsecured line.”  Well it was secure, before - but with everyone scattered to the four corners or dead - there probably isn’t anyone to secure it any more.
Tony chuckles, “You can just call him Jay and no one will think the wiser.  Jeeze, it’s like Nat didn’t put you through the ‘act like a normal guy’ wringer when you went to work for SHIELD.”
when Tony says, “Seriously, don’t worry and feel free to eat whatever you need.  They owe me for the disaster with the sushi back in 2003. You eating all their food would make us even and they have been trying to even for
“Hi, Happy,” they reply in a disjointed chorus. They pile into the limo. Steve's mildly embarrassed by the way everyone leaves him a space next to Tony, but he's also grateful. He loves being in Tony's orbit.
Steve shrugs off any comments about it.  Snaps at Clint once, and it’s not brought it up after the first week.
“You just hate technology,” Sam quips, picking up where Steve usually would make a joke. Instead he is almost too tense to even breathe.  The pain is radiating more in his shoulder, and everything feels a little blurry.
Tony chuckles again, “I’m just helping to coordinate.  Once I get a secretary or five, they will handle this sort of information.  Don’t worry about it.”
He gestures are JARVIS who hangs up before heading into the shower.  “Get everything prepped J. I want to be in the air in 15.”
“Of course I do!” Steve blurts and then goes stock still, mouth still open. Tony and Natasha's gazes turn toward him.
go through the most of the data Natasha released to the public.  I tried to pull back the too salacious things that you wouldn’t want out, but your phone number got out.  JARVIS is adding a little routine to make sure the caller isn’t some reporter or source you don’t already have in your phone.  Just some extra caller protection. So, at least check caller id from here on out, Cap.”
They end up traipsing through  Tunisia, Egypt, and Sudan. They spend a month in Libya alone chasing down a lead that turns into a black ops spot for HYDRA.
He tracked down to this room by systematically asking JARVIS questions until he could figure out what exactly the AI wasn’t tell him.  Sometimes he forgets how similar Tony and JARVIS are and has to remember that Tony coded him from scratch, so of course they are similar in the ways that aren’t obvious because Tony wouldn’t see that and make it different.
“Knew you wouldn’t forget my pretty face,” Rumlow says.  His face is a ruined mess of burnt and wrinkled flesh. He looks like he has been crushed and burned and then put back together.  His right eye is electronic, glowing an eerie red. He flexes the hand not putting the mask on his belt, and it whirs a little, like Bucky’s did in DC, and Steve is starting to see that HYDRA isn’t after Bucky to bring him in.  They want to eliminate him.
Tony’s face clears and he starts smiling.  “I’d be okay with that.” He reaches out and laces his fingers with Steve’s for a moment, looking down at them before looking back up.  “How about we have our first date right now?”
Rumlow ducks towards him to find cover, but Steve’s ready.   He swings his body forward, bringing his legs up so he can clench Runlow’s face between his thighs.  Rumlow reaches down to his tool belt, and Steve grips the chain tight as he lifts his lower body up. He groans as the meat hook pulls into his shoulder even more, but Rumlow’s forgotten about his tool belt with his air supply cut off and feet dangling off the ground.    His fingers are trying to pry Steve’s legs apart, so he locks his legs behind Rumlow’s head like Natasha has done to him so many times and before and squeezes. He can hear the other man’s skull creak ominously, a noise that isn’t completely the right noise, so there’s some metal in his skull, which means this just got a little harder.
I’ve hacked the cameras - he’s going to take you to a waiting area, and when my plane lands, you’re going to get on it.  It’ll take you to the compound. It’ll be about 45 minutes since I have to have the plane reroute. Anyone else you want to drag along on this expedition?”
“When was the last time he checked in?” Tony asks, deceptively casual, even though JARVIS is reading his body temperature and knows his body language better than Tony knows himself.  At this point, JARVIS can probably predict how he will react to a situation with 95% accuracy.
The circle creaks ominously, before falling down and revealing Ironman in his familiar red and gold, facing him.  The eyes of the mask glow the familiar arc reactor white blue. And even though Steve’s seen Tony in no sleeve shirts and no glow through it, there is still some sort of arc reactor in the chest of the suit.
Heat curls up Steve’s neck and into his ears. “Yes,” he admits, strangled. He and the rest of the Avengers—minus Tony—are in the front row at the 2014 Stark Expo welcome event in a specially roped off area just for them.
He pushes past a mother laughing with her child, careful not to jostle their load as he looks up at the leaving flights.
Natasha smirks. “Oh, he has his own Ironette costume, take my word for it. Play your cards right, Cap.”
Steve doesn’t end up seeing Tony until later that night.  He’s in the kitchen, cooking simple fried rice when Tony comes in, hand tugging at his Ironman red tie, and says, “I’ll pay you five times your salary to give me some of that.”
as quickly as possible, fighting the urge to grab his drop bag and take off running.  It’s hard sitting here with no leads, no ideas, but knowing Bucky is out there - lost.  He used to know Bucky well enough that he could find him after a fight in less than 30 minutes.  He used to be able to read the room quick enough to know exactly how Bucky was feeling when they used to walk to school.
“No I can hear your teeth chattering.  How the frost princess isn’t is beyond me.”  Tony casually throws out. Steve thinks it’s his way of caring.  From the roll of Clint’s eyes and Sam’s chuckle, he thinks he may be the only one who thinks that way.
“I really don’t actually,” Steve responds.  “We fought a battle, you took a nuke through a wormhole and almost died, ate food with us, gave us everything we all needed to start our next phases, and then you picked up the bill after SHIELD left me hanging.  You build us levels in your tower, you built and entire compound for the Avengers to train at. All I’ve ever seen from you is being generous and a little over the top.”
Tony laughs uproariously at the comment, and she even smiles a little at the sound.  It seems to warm the place up as the noise echoes around the metal building “Of course it is,” he says.  “Okay gotta go. I recommend destroying everything.”
“Yes,” Tony returns as he walks through the opened doors of his room.  “But with the modifications you and I have spitballed on over the last year.  Make what you can and that keeps it within 24 hours.”
“Peachy,” Tony replies, before there is some commotion in the background.  “I’ve got to run - JARVIS added himself and me in your phone as contacts. Just tell JARVIS if you need anything.  I’m working weird hours these days, so I can probably respond if you need some funds or weapons, but JARVIS would be your best bet.”  He pauses before adding, “Give me a heads up before you become another headline and I have to hack a hospital to figure out if your are alive or dead.”
She turns back to the path.  The rest of them follow in line, but Steve can’t help but question her statement.  “How is always answering the phone when I call a human moment? He’s funding this mission. He’s probably waiting for me to call it off.”
“Caught you getting beat up in some back alley.  I decided to lend a hand,” Bucky says. A ghost of a smile graces his face.  “Wasn’t the last time.”
He meets her eyes and raises his eyebrows before her lips quirk.  Then he straightens and puts a hand against the hair on his cheek.  “Thanks. I
“Yeah,” Tony sighs.  “Didn’t mean to break up your boy band, but there’s been some chatter that JARVIS has stumbled upon. You aren’t the only ones on the hunt for Barnes.  HYDRA’s mobilized and they’ve figure out you are chasing him too. I thought I had gotten a backdoor into their communication system, but apparently we rushed it.  They shut it down before we could get much more.” He pauses. “Rumlow is leading the charge, and he’s well funded and armed. HYDRA’s got a lot of resources out there.”
“I can’t thank you enough,” Steve tells Tony, days later in the middle of one of the side closests of gear that Tony keeps filled with for the team.
Steve puts his back to the wall, trying to keep himself still. Everyone is quiet while JARVIS runs the scan. After the light passes over Tony's body, he reaches out and puts his thumb against the keypad. A second later he draws back, sucking his thumb into his mouth.
Steve can practically hear the shrug over the phone, “Yeah, but JARVIS indexes all the google alerts and only gets the ones that need my attention to my phone.  And I already knew about the exhibit.”
“Also you’re about to need some back up in the fight that is about to break out,” she adds lowly to Clint.
Tony nods at him before lifting off and turning to the HYDRA agents remaining.  “Okay, now I’m just pissed,” he vocalizes before shooting up the hummers. Steve watches as they flip, trapping men underneath them.
“When has she ever followed a single order I have given?” Tony deadpans, and Steve has to stifle a laugh into a cough.  “Don’t think I didn’t catch that grin,” Tony adds.
Steve sleeps the first 8 hours straight before getting up and moving around the area, familiarizing himself with the common areas, wandering past the empty labs in the early morning until he walks into the kitchen.  Bruce Banner sits in a corner, mug in hand as he watches the sun rise.
His voice is low, but Steve can still hear when he mutters, “He doesn't even want to get close to me when it
Steve texts Tony every day.  It becomes part of his daily habits, mentioning something going on, taking a snapshot of something he would like to draw, would think Tony would find interesting, or even some terrible technology so Tony would just bitterly complain about the state of the world.
Steve laughs, startled, and Bruce grins at him.  “I think he has a skewed sense of things,” Steve admits, and that is what makes Bruce start laughing.
“How do you even know about that?” Steve asks, ducking his head again when a child tries to peer under the hat.
Tony chuckles again.  “Left hand side, upper right, security camera.  I’ve never met a security I can’t hack if I think about it long enough.  Like I said, just wanted to check in.”
“I think this is the most words I have every heard you say,” Steve replies, a little wide eyed at everything.  It’s like mini SHIELD, and the more he thinks about it, that’s probably what Tony did. Scooped up the ones he knew was good and put all of this together inside SI so he could control it.
He looks out into the night’s sky, and it’s the Sahara as far as the eye can see.  Sparse trees and desert. There is nothing out there for as far as he can see but nature.  No unnatural lights to hint at civilization. It’s not the area Steve came into, so they’ve moved buildings since.
Tony laughs like the world isn’t falling apart around them.  A carefree sound that Steve can only remember before the war, before his mother died, in stuttering images of his pre-serum memory.  Like they are images put together in a projector, missing moments between each picture. “You sound like a spy in an old film,” he teases.
Tony laughs, easy in a way Steve envies.  “Don’t worry. Your good looking friend sitting next to you reading the history of cod can explain it to you.  Also, I’ve taken care of the hospital bill since I’m pretty sure you don’t have any health coverage since SHIELD turned evil and got destroyed.  Meant I had to temporarily hire you as part of my security team, but whatever works, right?”
“Have a good time tonight, Anthony!” the blond calls in a nasally voice as Tony's security drag him out of the room. Steve glares after him.
He studies Tony, the way he hold himself carefully still in this moment as he stares down Steve.  Steve is still out of touch with a lot of things. Still trying to learn his way around the future.  But he thinks of how Howard used to look at him. Like he was the answer to too many questions. Like Bucky’s exasperated but fond concern.
He straightens his legs and realizes he’s hanging, his feet are barely touching the ground.  As Steve stretches to figure out how he’s gotten himself like this, he realizes there is a hook dug into the meat of his shoulder.  And the hook is connected to the chain holding him upright.
“Check cell activity.  I’m about twenty minutes from just leaving this until I can come back,” Tony says as he leans back down and tilts the chip so he can get better light on it.
“You mean the secret SHIELD agent Fury put on me to babysit me?” Steve replies, incredulous.  “The one I haven’t seen in over a year?”
“It’s just frustrating,” Steve says.  “He saw Sam last time and got spooked and ran.  I can’t help but think if he saw me, he may have stopped.”
“You didn’t even check caller id, did you?” a lazy drawl comes through the phone, and Steve starts a little.  “I know you’re still catching up old man, but come on, I thought Clint got that one drilled into your head before he headed off to the middle of nowhere for his SHIELD maybe HYDRA mission.”
Sam’s face goes rueful.  “You know I can’t help it.  I don’t get this whole dynamic you all have.  But Stark’s the weirdest. Basically he’s helping you track down your formerly dead best friend who he has never known and it’s like you never even asked for his help.  So how the hell did he know you needed help?”
“Okay, okay,” Tony said, waving his hands at them. “Come on and meet the new addition to the family.”
The baby mobile had been one of the team’s projects for the baby and they had hung all manners of items from it, each person contributing a little something of themselves for the new addition to their family. They gifted it to Julia for her second month celebration and she had loved it ever since, always watching it whenever it was in sight and crying whenever she couldn’t find it once she was laid down for a nap.
So Peter resolved to enjoy the other male’s company as much as possible. Peter was going back to school in a few weeks and Wade had college to think about, so they weren’t going to be seeing much of one another after this.
“Considering that this is a social visit, the Air Force might start making noise if he stays here for too long,” Phil mused, frowning. “Maybe I should check–”
“Yeah, whatever, punk,” came the soft, muffled reply. Bucky turned back to his room, already cooing down at the little sunshine in his arms, so gentle and sweet in a way he himself probably never thought he could be again.
“Wait. Before we hold her,” Tony rocked on his heels in excitement. “Gail, we’re thinking of making a monthly baby photo book.”
“Colonel, is there something you need?” Steve asked, one hand on his phone and ready to call SHIELD.
Julia looked up at Bruce, chicken leg in her mouth and smiled. Bruce looked down and stroked the flower pinned to her hair. Julia giggled.
Steve patted Bucky’s shoulder. “Breakfast is in fifteen, okay? Don’t be late or else Julia will get fussy.”
Steve bid the mother-daughter good night and took his husband to their room. After completing their nighttime routines, he and Tony got into bed, facing one another and Tony snuggling against Steve’s broad chest.
“I had to,” Tony protested. “How else was he going to get out of the evil clutches of the Air Force?”
Natasha sat down on the couch, shoving Tony’s feet aside. Phil collapsed on the loveseat close to Jane. Bucky immediately splayed out on the floor. Steve took a moment to check him over, but there were no injuries as far as he could see.
Steve grinned as Tony flushed, red and blotchy in that way he did when he was caught off guard and didn’t have time to compose himself. He chuckled when his husband hid his warm face in Steve’s chest.
Steve couldn’t help noticing the glaring fact that, even considering those of his playboy days, there were only a handful of pictures that had Tony smiling,
Steve immediately stood up and started rocking her, trying to get her to calm down, but she let out a scream as loud as her small lungs could go.
Steve had to resist stroking a finger over the photo in his lap or else get charcoal on the frame. It was of Pepper, Happy, and Juliana and Steve knew exactly what it was for. He held it out to Tony, who took it and smiled, one hand slowly rubbing Juliana’s back. Steve placed a hand on Tony’s hip.
Peter personally didn’t care. A lifetime of lessons from his Pops and Da, not to mention being around superheroes and villains, taught him that looks were literally skin-deep. There was so much more about a person underneath all that that was much more interesting and important.
“If you noticed, I was busy with our baby.” Steve flicked him lightly on the shoulder at that. “And I’m just processing it. You mean you want Bucky for Julia’s third month baby photo?”
Yeah, taking into perspective. Peter really was lucky. Wade lost his parents and no relatives took him in. He never even got adopted, and his ‘guardian,’ who Wade called Blind Al, was more of a roommate than an actual guardian.
“Yep!” Tony patted Bruce’s cheek. “There are a bunch of us so good thing we have about eight more months to go. That’s about a thousand more pictures to take. Pep hijacked her own thing and Steve had to take a candid of dinosaur Barnes over there because he’s allergic to cameras–”
There were eighteen sets in total, one set on the day of Tony’s birth and one set for every year until Tony was seventeen. It stopped then, most likely because of Howard and Maria’s deaths.
Tony scoffed, all shifty-eyed, which Steve knew was a sign of an upcoming deflection if he ever saw one. “Um, I just said that, didn’t I? Is your hearing going? Am I going to have to pull out the old man jokes on y–”
He chatted with his husband, about plans to take Juliana to visit Gail, about Stark Industries, SHIELD, and when their last day of leave was. Ever since they became fathers, he and Tony had taken a (conditional) paternity leave from SHIELD and the Avengers. Thanks to Phil’s arrangements with Director Fury, SHIELD had been gracious enough to allow Steve as much time off as he wanted and to call on him only for the most extreme emergencies or missions. Stark Industries was flexible enough thanks to Pepper, so Tony also had time off as long as he remained in contact.
Steve just smiled and repeated himself patiently. “I said that for Julia’s first month for her book, we could take a photo of her with her brothers.”
Steve was almost hit on the face when Tony held his phone in front of him. He leaned back and squinted at the screen. “Oh, so she did. Um, not that I don’t want Pepper to babysit, but why did she pencil that in?”
Anyway, out of all the things on Julia’s Calendar, one moment that Steve remembered with such fondness was the first time Julia met her brothers the day they took her home from the hospital.
Bucky had a video of them, the jerk. Steve managed to delete it from his phone, but he already sent copies to Clint and Natasha and Pepper.
“SHIELD is going to hold off on giving you field missions, unless said missions are a Level 7, require the intervention of the Avengers, or are close enough to the city and require immediate intervention.” He grinned wryly. “Director Fury and Agent Hill aren’t going to stop pestering you from taking missions though, but you can decline or accept within reason. I have the approval Director Fury signed months ago.”
“Thank you. Those look gorgeous,” she said, her brown eyes shining. “And I’m perfectly fine. How about the new Dads? You two seem stressed.” She grinned.
Peter crawled around the stall, trying to find a way to target the man. The webs were strong. A direct hit and he’d be able to web the guy and incapacitate him without a problem.
(Yet. Yet! Because Steve knew, had said it himself even, that he knew the bots would end up playing with the baby anyway.)
Bucky had been quiet about his, but the picture had a place on honor on his nightstand beside pictures of his Ma, one with tiny!Steve, and another with all the Avengers (Steve actually put that group photo there, but Bucky didn’t throw it out so it counted.) Steve and Clint, possibly even Natasha, were probably the only ones who actually saw those private photos in the sanctity of Bucky’s bedroom, but Bucky also had the photo as his Stark phone wallpaper and hadn’t been all too subtle on leaving his phone out a few times the past few weeks.
“There, there, darling. It can’t be helped,” Jane said, kissing the top of Thor’s head. “Julia’s here though, and she’s always happy to see you.”
Steve winced. “Please don’t do that to our child, or to us, or to our teammates, or to the people in this building.”
“I’ve got no problems with you,” Steve said, pointing a pencil at the nearest camera. “I’m more worried about Tony ignoring said limitations.”
“Here’s hoping.” Steve sighed. “She wanted to be there for Julia’s doctor’s appointment too, but she couldn’t make it.”
Steve frowned. “That’s not nice. I think we should tell them so that they don’t feel as if they’re competing. Maybe send out a schedule.” He grabbed his phone, taking pictures as Juliana started trying to roll over, making cute grunting sounds. “Goodness knows we send out enough emails. I don’t want anyone feeling left out. And besides, it’s Thanksgiving.”
Gail was also an easy birth mother. She was calm, confident, and endlessly patient at all the hovering, calling, guarding, and constant visits to her apartment. She only had five conditions – one, that she name the baby; two, that she was not going to move into the Avengers Tower; three, that Tony not spend too much money on the baby or on Gail; four, only the Avengers, Pepper, Rhodey, Happy and Phil were allowed near her. SHIELD and any other superheroes were not invited. And five, everybody could come to the hospital, but no one was going to come with her inside the delivery room when she gave birth.
“Clothes / What they’re wearing,” Bucky and Clint blurted out at nearly the same time before glancing at one another and bumping fists.
“Tony, we can’t go to the Parade,” Natasha said. “Pepper banned you and SHIELD banned the rest of us. That’s why we do Thanksgiving dinner instead.
Pepper laughed as the teens all exited the room. “I’m going to go before I get involved in your shenanigans.” She kissed Tony’s cheek then Steve's. “But keep me updated on that cute little development.” She walked off, radiating amusement.
“Close enough,” Bucky drawled. He and Steve shared a look and Bucky sent him a thumbs up. Steve finally let himself relax completely. They could talk later, once everyone had rested.
“Lady Darcy bears credit for the babe’s new skill,” Thor said, and then let out a mighty raspberry of his own, so loud it made Julia screech happily.
DUM-E waved his claw and dropped something on Steve’s lap. It was a crumpled photo. When he looked at it, Steve couldn’t help the chuckle that bubbled up. It was a photo of Tony and DUM-E, taken at MIT when Tony was seventeen for that engineering award he won.
“I’m gonna go make some calls and most likely soothe a few ruffled feathers,” Phil muttered under his breath.
“Because we know you’d take it the wrong way,” Da spoke up, and because he always had to have the last word, he added, “And besides, we arrived like, a day before you guys did, so by default
“Ooh, the others are so going to be pissed they missed this.” Darcy got down on the floor and started tickling the baby. Baby giggles erupted in the air and Steve watched as Clint swooped down with a cry and ran off to save the baby from the cackling Darcy following behind.
“And Tony,” Steve added. There was a loud yelp of outrage from around the corner and Da walked in, glaring at Pops.
“Of course I do.” Pepper cleared her throat and stood up, straightening her skirt. “Will that be all then, Mister Stark?”
“Okay. Thanks, Gail,” Steve said to the phone. “See you later tonight, hopefully.” He put his phone in his back pocket and swooped forward, leaning down and kissing Juliana. “Hey, baby girl. You look beautiful today.”
The doctor turned to them, eyeing Steve and then Tony. “First of all, she is going to cry. It is a natural reaction. When that happens, Captain, you sit down and hold on to your baby because you are not allowed to punch me.” Steve sputtered denials, but Dr. Pius ignored him. “And you, Mr. Stark, are not allowed to sue me for a normal and perfectly safe procedure or faint on my clean floors, because I will never let you live it down and I will tell your daughter the story every single time.”
“We want to avoid as much of her crazy episodes as possible.” Tony waved a hand, sleep still clinging around the edges. “Need anything, Pep? Anything wrong with the prototypes?”
Steve looked down at his quiet daughter, smiling down at her and rubbing gentle fingers through her hair and her headband. They already fed Juliana before leaving the tower, so she’s fine munching on her own fingers for a while.
Tony gasped again. “SHE DID!” He stomped his foot in petulance. “I showed her the Iron Man armor last month and she just stared at me! This is not fair!”
“All done, my darling?” Steve smiled. “That’s a good girl.” He swung her up against the bib on his shoulder and patted her on the back as he walked back and forth, trying to get her to burp. She spat on the bib with a gurgle and after cleaning her up, she was back to being smiley and ready to face the day.
Steve leaned back and smiled as Tony licked his lips, a soft warm blush rising on his cheeks. Giving his husband time to recover, Steve leaned down towards their princess for a kiss, but she was far too busy valiantly trying fitting her fist in her mouth and getting drool everywhere.
Juliana was babbling cutely, one hand pressed to her mouth and drooling on it and the other waving at Tony imperiously.
“NO!” Bruce jolted, strong enough to surprise them all. He coughed, fiddling with his glasses. “No! I… I want it! I… I want…” He trailed off, flustered at their looks and Tony’s smug grin.
Tony bounced over and Steve immediately stepped back, but ended up getting confetti stuck in his hair.
[Image 2: Rhodey is being stripped off the armor by the robot arms, his chest and one of his thighs are bare.]
“Oh, calm down,” Tony called out above the din. “It’s just a visitor.” He checked his watch. “And he’s early.”
There were some meat, fruits, and two tanks of mead. He also had a sword and a spear, which he had promised to Clint and Natasha for reasons Tony didn’t want to know so long as they didn’t wave it around, and some herbs for Bruce, and flowers for Thor’s dear Lady Jane. The rest was for the baby – wraps, blankets, and clothes made of rich, decadent cloth in different colors, some of the softest pillows imaginable, and toys too, like a circular teething toy; blocks that bounced, changed colors, and floated; a story book where the images come to life; not to mention the taufr from Queen Frigga, a magical protection stone that they hung from the mobile over Juliana’s bed.
“Of course you can,” Steve said, and he was looking at Tony, with a lot of love and a lot of understanding and Tony averted his eyes, not because he wanted to hide it from Steve. God knows Steve knew more about him and his issues than any person in the entire world. He just didn’t want to get emotional right now. Their baby was already crying. If Steve started getting all misty-eyed, Tony was going to cry, Dr. Pius was going to bring it up at every appointment, and the Avengers would
“That was nice of you,” Steve said, wrapping an arm around him and kissing him gently on the corner of his mouth twice. “You’re sweet.”
All of them had their own stories and secrets, and Steve knew the holidays were bringing out the melancholy in most people, not just him. Steve was once again reminded of how lucky he was – he was healthy and warm, surrounded by family and friends, and wanting for nothing.
Juliana was growing – so much growing! – into quite an adorable baby and, by twist of fate, seemed to be the perfect combination of her parents for all that she was adopted. Her hair was reminiscent of Tony’s curly locks and her blue eyes were slowly growing brighter into Steve’s baby blues. She had a dimple on her left cheek just like Steve, and a smattering of moles on her back almost in the same pattern as Tony’s. Steve said Julia and Tony also had the same giggle, but according to the baby books it was all just reflexive laughing for now and the real thing happened in about three or four months. Maybe their baby was ahead of the curve, but Tony didn’t want to put pressure on her. She was a happy baby, that was enough.
“Concentrate,” Tony said again, before turning to his prey. “So Brucie-bear, you good for next week?”
“Do not worry, Captain,” JARVIS interjected. “Despite Sir’s claims, I do have limitations. And I do enforce them.”
Today, they were supposed to watch Moana, and the others even brought Julia gifts. Natasha had dressed her in a pink top and white shorts similar to baby Moana, and even tied a plastic pink flower on Julia’s brown curls. Clint brought along a chicken Heihei stuffed toy. Julia had screeched at it, banged it on the blanket covered floor for a few moments, before starting to gnaw on one of the chicken’s legs. Clint counted it as a win.
Since it was Julia’s first winter, Tony had been adamant that Julia sleep on the bed and not her bassinet.
“I know. Papa’s got good taste, right?” Tony cooed as he slowly dressed her up in the onesie. “Oh, you look adorable, baby girl. Just perfect. We should thank Uncle Rhodey for this and send him pictures to make him jealous. And show it off to the bots too. They are going to get a kick out of this.” He slowly fitted the cap over Juliana’s head and she smiled gummily at him. Tony couldn’t resist smothering her with more kisses.
“Tony, you…” Steve stuttered. The fourth photo appeared on screen and he flushed. Bruce and Phil groaned. Natasha just laughed. “JARVIS, send a message to Colonel Rhodes! Now!”
“Oh, please.” Tony scoffed. He accepted his plate from Steve. “You’re Captain America’s best friend, you live in New York City, and you joined this mess of a clown brigade. You’re the most photographed assassin in the world. Your privacy’s already shot to kingdom come, you donut bumper.”
Juliana twitched a chubby fist at the bots’ direction. They chirped back at her, claws and camera vying for the best position. Juliana then opened her mouth a few times and her face scrunched up a little.
“–Oooooor?” Tony grinned teasingly. Steve hid a smile behind his hand. Tony was like a spoiled kid in the candy store, knowing he’d get his way soon enough.
“Wade Wilson, aka Deadpool – he’s a gamer, honey, a really good one too,” Tony explained as Pepper did the introductions. “Stark EG scouted him three years ago and he's one of their sponsored gamers competing in this year’s e-sports tournament. He’s actually pretty popular and,” his voice lowered, “Petey-pie’s a fan.”
Bucky scowled at him. “Just because I don’t want my face or my ass splashed all over the news like a certain douchebag–”
Steve crossed his arms. “Don’t be silly, Tony. Clint is Julia’s uncle and Bucky’s her godfather, you know that.” He shrugged. “I was talking about DUM-E, U, and Butterfingers. And also JARVIS, though that might be a bit difficult since JARVIS doesn’t have a physical form.”
“Oh.” Gail looked so surprised, which made Steve feel smug, warm and giddy. They very rarely managed to get one up on the smart lady. She looked confused, unsure even. “Are you… are you sure? But you’re her dads.”
“I brought you some doughnuts,” Wade said as he put down his loot on the table. “The ones you liked, plus some extra ones for your dads. I got their favorite flavors, which was easy enough because the donut shop knew what they were.”
“Thanks, Phil. You’re a lifesaver.” Steve sighed. “I know Pepper and Happy are going to be around and Tony can keep SI under control, but I don’t want to be too far from Julia, for now at least, not as much as I can help it.”
[Image 2: Tony is cradling a sleepy Juliana to his chest with Steve’s arm wrapped around both of them and his other arm holding up the camera. Tony’s nose and cheeks are red and Steve still looked teary-eyed, but they’re beaming.]
As with any mention of being godfather to their child, Bucky ducked his head, fingers of his metal hand twitching, but he couldn’t hide that pleased look from Steve’s sharp eyes.
Clint snickered. “Oh, lord. Darcy’s done it now. Juju-bean’s gonna drool us an ocean at this point.”
“How long is the Colonel’s leave this time?” Phil asked, watching Rhodey playing peek-a-boo with Juliana, who was shrieking at him and laughing as loudly as her little lungs could go. She had a thing for screaming now, which wasn’t good for super soldiers with super hearing. Tony was belly down on the carpet, camera tilted at them, claiming to be taking some kind of creative shot if only Rhodey would cooperate. Rhodey was intensely ignoring him.
“By the way,” Darcy piped up, suddenly brightening up. “Since it’s Christmas, what’re you gonna do about your little monthly project for junior-ette?”
Juliana’s mother’s name was Gail Antera. She was a Stark Industries Biotech intern and had been talking to Pepper the day Steve and Tony happened to drop by. Gail was confident, beautiful, and immensely brilliant, and Pepper already had an offer and a recruitment packet ready for her on the last day of her internship. Tony had even readily signed all the forms, already certain he was going to bring her into the fold of his top and trusted scientists once she gained more experience.
Just in time – or maybe JARVIS had been kind enough to wait, Steve didn’t really notice – the elevator doors opened with a soft ding.
Tony just smacked him on the ass, placed a kiss on his cheek, and then threw himself on the bed, making a mess of all the folded underwear.
“I see. Why the appointment though?” Steve tugged Tony to lie down on his chest. Tony did so, still with that petulant pout. Steve ran his fingers through his curly, messy hair, so much like Julia’s own.
[Image 9: A group picture of everyone gathered around the dinner table, with three gleaming turkeys in the middle and Julia in her high chair.]
“She’s brave to go through it alone,” was all Pepper said, before she and the Avengers commandeered Tony and Steve’s attention to stop their fretting.
“Why are we banned again?” Bucky asked, to which Clint motioned explosions, screaming, before dramatically fainting on the floor. Julia giggled at the image.
“I’m prettier,” Bucky huffed. Natasha cleared her throat and Clint outright snorted, and Bucky immediately rounded on them. “Don’t even. You all know I am.”
Bruce groaned and raised Julia higher up his chest, as if hiding behind her. “Don’t finish that thought, please.”
Steve smiled and pulled Tony close, tucking the other man under his arm and wrapping them both in his blanket. “You’re being a wonderful Da, sweetheart.”
Steve looked up and it was true. War Machine was bypassing the landing deck and was headed straight for the doorway.
The man raised his weapon gauntlet and fired. Instead of bullets, three blue balls of electricity was fired at once. The screaming got louder. Two bodies dropped and something down the street past Peter and Wade exploded.
It was only that much respect, fondness and love for Gail that kept Steve and Tony from respectively punching and suing the hospital staff when they reminded them that according to Gail’s wishes, no one was allowed inside the delivery room apart from the medical staff. Not even Bruce, even though Tony insisted he was their baby’s physicist.
“U, just make sure not to smash the camera on the baby’s face, and mine and Steve’s for that matter,” Tony said. “Butterfingers, no, you cannot hold the baby. Not yet. Ok, boys?” He waved a hand towards the ceiling. “JARVIS, they good?”
Rhodey waved a hand, giving Phil a slightly apologetic look. “I tried to stop him, but he used a baby against me. I was weak.”
Tony ignored Steve, busy giving Rhodey the stink eye. “What are you wearing under that? Did you even wear what I told you to?”
Steve sighed, watching his husband and his best friend and their manic avalanche of words that were secretly saying: ‘I am secretly super happy my best friend is here and I pissed him off so I will keep talking to distract him’. Rhodey was glaring at Tony, but even he knew that look: ‘I am secretly super happy to be here, but my best friend is an ass and I am not going to let him off easy.’
“Surprisingly, no,” Da stressed, rolling his eyes at Peter. “We rarely get time off, so now we’re actually on our honeymoon!”
“Upon awakening, JARVIS informs me promptly whenever I get calls from my love Jane or my dear Darcy,” Thor declared proudly. “Darcy always leaves Knock-Knock jokes on my calls. They are most amusing.”
Thor looked at him and if he had his hands free, he would probably be wagging a finger at Steve. “Ah, but as we are men, dear Steven, we would do well to listen to women on the matters of what young girls would want.”
Bucky jerked, wide-eyed, almost sending his plate of pancakes flying, but he held it down fast. Of course he did because, not to toot his own horn or anything, Steve knew he made damn good pancakes.
