I’m impressed you’ve seen the movie.”
Sam remains quiet and Steve gives him time.
Finally, when it seems like they aren’t winding down, Steve gently mentions his dinner plans.
It’s making me uncomfortable.”
He’s an international criminal who betrayed those closest to him.
“You startled me.”
He likes being alone.
“He does,” Rhodey shares.
He wants to keep it all to himself because that’s what he deserves.
“My talent for lying hasn’t improved.”
“Steve…” Sam stops himself as he can see the truth on Steve’s face.
Steve continues to wonder why Tony reached out, what does he want?
“I know how standoffish you’ve been.
Tony swipes across the phone, flips it over and leans back in the chair and looks at Steve. “In the flesh,” he says.
He shivers and Tony brings him in for a kiss.
Steve decides to run across the street to Dunkin Donuts when he had a break in appointments and brings back Sam’s favorite order.
His heart races as he directs Tony to lay on the table and slips out of the room.
I get it.”
Because it was me and you knew, deep down, that I would never truly hurt you?”
No one can understand you and you wanted to keep Elsa around.
“As you can imagine, I don’t let a lot of people close.
I like the time, the quiet, the clandestine feeling of it all.” Steve swallows, his heart tripping over itself as he feels as though he’s revealed something.
He’s a loud know it all who does whatever he wants.
Sam oversees the mental and emotional therapy.
Sam crafted a sign advertising free massages which provided plenty of people for Steve to practice.
He holds his clothes in front of himself like a shield.
“You’re not weak for accepting his apology.
“Do it again,” he begs.
He lives within walking distance, so he tries to be accommodating.
Sam looks incredulous.
Tony’s lips part and his tongue brushes across Steve’s lips. He exhales and chases after Tony’s tongue.
Is there anything else?”
“Don’t you think that will draw attention?” Steve calls down quietly.
I have extra time, just need the equipment.”
Steve blushes and brushes his hair back, which falls right back into his faces, trying to conceal his embarrassment.
And then I come along and he just wanted to tear me down to prove that I’m not as perfect as Howard painted me to be.
Steve smiles and tries not to blush, he doesn’t want Tony to know how much he’s affecting him.
“That son of a bitch!
Tony seems to startle before nodding.
“Uh, no thanks.
I like it that way.”
He starts to worry as it takes Tony several long seconds to react to the kiss.
He was lost and drifting, needing a purpose when Sam sat down and told him about his idea.
Make an appointment with Steve through the Center for Monday night.”
He takes his time until he’s followed each finger to Tony’s wrist.
“For how long?”
He is.
He thought he could make that happen.”
“We are very similar in many ways.
Now that he’s a wanted fugitive, he has all time in the world.
Tony stops fidgeting.
“What made Rhodey tell you now?”
Geezus Steve, I totally fell for it.”
Perfect.
Steve is making one last round through the reception area on the second floor space when he hears the back door click shut.
“I obviously think so.”
“Ohmygod really?
Steve is shocked and he just blinks at Tony because no one’s offered something like that before.
So we’re looking for a way to disable or delete it.”
Tony leans against the wall furthest from Steve and seems to consider the thought.
Tony walks past him toward the room they used the week before and Steve follows him, closing the door behind him.
“Admit it,” Tony says as he straightens, “You wanted a cliched movie moment.
Considering.
I wanted you to help me, and if you knew, I was afraid you wouldn’t.
Steve knows it’s weak.
“How is Rhodey?” asks Steve quietly, unable to look at Tony.
Steve is pleased to hear that Natasha settled with Tony and the others; he wonders about other former teammates as well.
“It’s not a perfect world.”
He doesn’t know how to interpret Tony’s appearance.
The hats help keep his anonymity, plus it keeps his hair out of his face as works through the day.
Bucky’s my friend, but Bucky is from
It was nice to hear all those things said about
Steve bites his lip and can’t control the grin that splits his face.
Sam found a semi-retired nurse, Denny, who was willing to come in every morning from 9-12 to handle phone calls for the Center.
Steve squeezes his eyes shut for a moment before turning the volume up trying to drown out his thoughts.
Sam had researched and found a place that wasn’t too far from New York or DC, with the idea that they were close enough if they were needed.
Tony shoves that thought away and starts making a plan on how to sneak around and see Steve.
“Want to get lunch today?”
It made Steve happy to see how at home Sam was and how well the Center was providing a service to the town.
He only lasts a moment before bouncing up from the chair and pacing in the small room.
They also encourage visitors to leave their favorite book in the hopes that another could enjoy it as well.
It happens with 9 out 10 people that get close to me.
“I forgot to turn on the music.
“Are you here to take me in?”
“Ross isn’t watching as I sweep for new trackers and AI software daily.
“We all made decisions we regret, that doesn’t mean we write the person off.
He rolls his wrists.
Tony wasn’t surprised that Steve fell into a routine with the regularity of his calls however he is taken aback at the increased frequency.
Shaking his head, he stands, locks the front door and walks down the hall toward the no-longer-employee exit.
His hands are on Tony’s back before gliding down into his pants to rub at the top of his ass.
He sighs and flips the phone end over end on the desk as he stares out the window and losses track of time.
“I can tell you that Steve is barely holding it together, he is also hyper focused and is using their Center as an outlet.
It allowed him just to
He attended the meetings as an observer, listening to the problems people were experiencing but found he had no words of wisdom to share.
In the end Sam insisted that he start an exercise routine in the hope it would get him out of the house and moving.
The second floor was the main area, however if a veteran was unable to climb the stairs, Steve used a second office on the first floor.
His heart is beating hard and fast as he approaches his house and he sees Tony’s face, momentarily lit by the glare of his phone before he lowers it.
Steve rests Tony’s hand in his left and then uses both thumbs to make circles on the back on Tony’s hand.
Steve can’t take it anymore and starts laughing.
After lunch Steve feels twitchy all day.
“He knows he continues to be a danger while the programing is active.
“Should I be feeling that up my arm?” Tony asks.
Is there something you needed?
“He’s never cared about the title and I think he resented Captain America due to his father’s obsession.
He knows that Sam cares and is worried about him but Steve doesn’t want to talk to him.
Call it pay back for watching him like a hawk and just following him around as though he’s going to break.
“I’m sure you’re aware of how often you come here and stew.”
He leans his arms on the counter and hangs his head.
“Ok Highlander.”
He takes a long drink before pushing the chair back slightly and resting his feet on the railing.
Tony interrupts incredulously.
“How’s your team?” he asks.
It doesn’t matter because he tries to approach it as he would a regular client.
Round and round he goes in his mind, dissecting the reasons behind his actions and always coming to the same conclusion.
Tony looks at him with a soft smile.
You aren’t some symbol for the masses to make good choices.
Steve can hear Tony’s shaky exhale every time his fingers dip further under the pants.
His thumbs moves in tight circles on Tony’s wrist before flipping his hand over and rubbing across Tony’s palm.
Steve knows that it confused and upset Sam but Steve couldn’t find a way to tell him that he just didn’t deserve the affection.
He glances up and Tony is still leaning against the wall, his hair is disheveled and his neck is raw but Steve can only stare at the large mark he left.
But I’ve started to wonder if you’ll go when called.”
Steve can feel the rain water running down his back and he shivers.
Sam needs to trust him to know what’s best and should see that he’s back to his running schedule
“No, he wasn’t.
But you and I, that was different.
Tony flexes his fingers, “Same.
It was located in a two story building which they shared with a pizza shop specializing in inside out pizzas on the first floor, and a sports memorabilia place and dentist office on the second.
“Uh, no, not tonight.”
Again.”
One more time and Tony’s hand is sufficiently covered with oil.
“I should believe you?”
“It wasn’t the decisions, it was the motivation.
His arms hang by his side, and he tries to project calmness but his hands curl into involuntary fists.
“Ah, true, but you flirted back.”
“I’m glad to hear that.
Tell you…”
As the months rolled by, Steve took less and less care about the way he looked. He found that people avoided eye contact around the Center the more unkept he seemed; he liked that.
“I know.
“You should’ve seen your face.”
“You look good.
As he pushes open the door, he stops in his tracks when he finds Tony Stark sitting in the corner chair, legs crossed, scrolling through his phone.
Steve brings his hands around to Tony’s waist and leans back to meet his eyes.
And I have to believe him; I do.
Of losing Bucky again.
Tony has been wallowing for a while now.
I’m just a man!
He supposes that it’s not surprising that Sam keeps looking at him.
“Are you a teenager?”
The new visitors come to know him as the quiet, keeps to himself, massage therapist.
His free hand fists Tony’s shirt and he pulls toward him even as he’s leaning closer to Tony.
Maybe if he convinced himself he was right, he would be able to move on.
“You don't know what you’re talking about.” he says lowly through gritted teeth.
His face flushes and he backs away with his head down.
. The dim lighting and the music/sounds help Steve forget about everything on the other side of the door.
Tony shrugs, drags the chair over to the table and leaves his arms lay flat on the table in front of him.
Still being a pain in the ass.
“Licking my wounds I suppose.”
Steve tenses at the amount of anger in Sam’s voice and crosses his arms, “A couple of months.”
The thumb on his hand starts rubbing again and Tony picks up the other one and uncurls the fingers so that he’s half caressing and half rubbing both hands.
Denny was a great addition to their small team due to her sunny disposition.
He swallows and looks down.
A few strokes and the slide is slicker and then he feels Tony’s hand on top of his own.
Leading up to the reopening, Steve keeps busy by painting and repairing simple items, but afterward he had no real purpose and felt restless.
“And many voicemails.
Steve sighs and rolls his eyes.
I’ve tried to get you to talk to someone else.
The bastard winks.
“No, listen, don’t just shove it aside.
They sit in silence and Steve notices that the silence is different than with Sam.
Instead he just concentrates on his task and when he arrives at the thumb he rubs the webbing hard knowing that it was bothering Tony.
It sounds sarcastic to Steve’s ears.
Steve nods.
Steve steps out onto the rear balcony and realizes that it’s pouring.
He hopes the dimness in the room hides it and he keeps his eyes fixed on the table.
“I want a fresh start.”
“Yeah, just washing up,” Steve pulls off a paper towel, dries his hands and tosses it in the nearby trashcan.
Steve tenses.
When Tony speaks it startles him as Steve has no idea how long the silence has been.
Returning to the room, he gently knocks on the door, waiting to enter until hears Tony’s response.
Tony shrugs, “It can be if you want it to be.”
The End
It’s not about him, he knows that, but he feels the incident as much as if it had been Sam that fell.
We disliked each other on sight so when we moved past that, things were sweeter.
Steve agreed just to make Sam happy but he never opened up with Sam about the past.
He can’t and he shouldn’t be.
Let’s go to the diner.”
Just like you had said,” Steve is mortified as the words just pour out of his mouth.
Wait… Sam?
He stops and seems to take a breath.
Tony demands.
“Next week then,” Tony says as he walks through the door.
In the silence that follows Steve considers the information and why Tony would share and assumes it was an olive branch, or information exchange testing the trust they’re trying to rebuild.
Sam says with a smile.
Steve admits to himself that it feels odd to be touching Tony in this way.
“No no.
This place is ours, these people depend on us, and now Tony knows where we are, which means Ross could know.
“My hands are sore, the work has a lot of detail.”
“I’m trying to.”
Steve grins and extends his hand.
But don’t hide too long alright?”
“Did you have someone in mind?”
“Did you get that reference?”
Look, we all made choices.
“Gentleman!
“I’m fine.
Tony’s head tilts to the side Steve kisses his jaw bone, right under his ear and then drags his chin down the side of Tony’s neck.
Tony laughs incredulously.
After Steve liberated his team from The Raft, he didn’t know what came next.
Sam is concerned.
Steve nods and finds his soup very interesting.
“Wasn’t sure how else to reach out, if it was welcomed.”
He does know, but he also knows he’s not going to burden Sam with the guilty loop in his head.
“You should, Old Man.”
They’ve barely settled into their booth when the waitress arrives asking about their order.
Another morning, another morning run, but this time Sam is waiting for him when he returns.
Steve smirks and hastily pushes Tony’s hand away before wrapping it around their hard cocks.
Steve nods and bows his head.
“I’ll rub off on you yet.”
Once inside Steve feels his lungs release.
“Are you comfortable?” Steve asks softly.
But he’s received texts and calls from them and things are good; and hearing how Tony’s group is doing Steve thinks that they should arrange a meeting.
Tony grunts in an affirmative way.
Rhodey nods, “And how does this make you feel?”
He rolls his eyes and sends a thumbs-up and selects his playlist as he starts down the street.
Sighing Sam says, “I meant for fun, not physical labor.”
Steve tries to be polite and not glance toward the clock, but it’s hard.
Red Skull, Aliens, secrets.
“Me too.
“How many suits?” he presses.
“I feel like there’s something else you want to say.”
He stares at Rhodey as though he’s morphed into an unknown creature.
Sam shakes his head and grins.
He picked up the phone once to call it off before convincing himself he was being ridiculous.
He was just aware that his persona was everywhere for months, but like so many things he found in this generation, it was easily forgotten when not shoved in your face every moment.
“But, he’s got the best medical care and tech I can throw at him and he’s up and around.
“Not sure how you can see me as a great friend but also say I don’t see
Sam had tried to draw him out but Steve had had no interest in talking.
This isn’t my first time working in secret as I’m quite talented for espionage and sleight of hand.”
“I… I wanted to protect you, but in hindsight I know I lied to protect him.
Tony follows his eyes.
“No, I’ll see you there and then we’ll have lunch.”
“Bad decisions were made with horrible consequences, if I didn’t pause and take stock of the situation,
“Let me help you with that.”
“Bucky is… frozen in Wakanda.”
And you wonder why I hold onto you so tightly sweetums.”
Steve shouts.
I mean.
One meeting?”
“I know.”
He can stop worrying about the how and when and just enjoy being with Tony and trying to figure out what this new thing is for them.
Tony smiles.
Steve’s already sitting at one end of the couch which means Tony can sit wherever he wants and Steve’s very pleased when Tony sits right next to him.
He’s still not sure how to arrange his life or what all the right answers are, but he’s going to concentrate on the here and now.
“Same shit, another day.
good at your job.”
He shouldn’t be handed that responsibility.
As he follows the fingers across the hand he struggles to find something to say.
He stops and looks at Steve.
Steve nods feeling disappointed, he hadn’t realized he was looking forward to the possibility so much.
“Sure, I’ll be down in a minute,” Tony says before going into the bathroom.
“I was in meetings and was going to miss our appointment if I didn’t take the suit.”
“Doesn’t
Steve shakes his head.
Steve and Sam meet with several contractors just a few days after reaching out.
Ever.
It doesn’t matter because Steve feels like he’s on fire everywhere they’re touching.
“I think that’s a defense mechanism.”
And I’m not perfect.”
As they head toward the rehab room Tony decides that he’ll show up unannounced and gauge Steve’s reaction.
Or worse.
Steve squints at Tony as he balls his free hand into a fist.
Just creates more paperwork and more meetings.
Tony clears his throat.
Steve wasn’t hiding his identity but he wasn’t flaunting it either.
He’s calling me but what if that’s out of some strong sense of guilt and he doesn’t actually want to see me?
“I think my time is up.”
Hopefully Barnes won’t remember details of his time as the Winter Soldier for Steve’s sake because Tony’s sure that would permanently wound Steve.
The colors were bright but calming and the doors had opened again within a month of their settlement.
Steve blinks and his face heats up.
“Whatever the last appointment is.”
“I tried to kill him too.”
Tony’s head is bowed, looking at the deck and Steve feels helpless.
“Maybe.”
Steve’s heart flips over.
Just to screw with Sam he bought a bright aqua blue, only a quart, and started painting.
He manages a small grin to himself as he imagines a BBQ complete with lawn games.
Sundays are always light on appointments but today Steve doesn’t have any which has left his whole day open.
“Tony?” Steve asks softly.
Tony holds the phone in his hand, frowning at it as though it had personally wronged him.
He rubs his thumbs slowly across the middle of Tony’s palm.
You up for it?”
He was afraid to go off on his own and once Sam laid out his plan, Steve convinced himself that helping others could start to fix what he’d destroyed.
Steve takes a step forward.
I lost control and I almost took his head off.
Steve grins and isn’t sure what comes over him but he walks up behind Tony until there is barely space between them.
“I feel like I have an unfair advantage here knowing that my advances would be accepted while he has no idea.”
Might depend on who calls and why.”
Rhodey rests his elbows on the arms of the chair and clasps his hands.
Also it made him a bit uncomfortable to think about going to meet Tony down at the lab after seeing Johnny. Which was stupid, he thought, because he didn't actually have anything going on with Tony. But still, it felt almost like cheating.
It didn't take long to take care of the rest of their clothing. Steve took Tony in greedily, the sleek form with most definition in shoulders and arms, the slightly tanned skin with only a little hair – Steve wondered if Tony did something to it – and the scarring on his chest. And of course, the arc reactor. Steve felt slightly guilty for liking it, for liking how unique it made Tony, because keeping Tony alive or not, the arc reactor was also an invasive piece of machinery inside Tony's chest.
The smile turned into something lewd. ”I can feed you, if you want.”
”I don't have a helmet,” Steve tried.
Steve maintained his silence and just glared at Tony.
Oh. Well. That was a nice thing to say.
As he continued, Tony melted against him and made low, approving noises every now and then. Seeing that he was practically sitting on Steve's lap, Steve began to feel turned on.
Harry and Ned get along really well but the two boys are different in so many ways and Peter is sure that’s the only reason anything feels unusual between himself and the blonde, he’s never had a friend like Harry. It’s just new and exciting, and nice to have found such a good friend in the other boy after only knowing for a few weeks.
“Clint! I didn’t think you’d be back so soon.” The older man beams at Peter as he shovels tonight’s choice of takeaway onto his plate.
It’s Sam’s turn to laugh now. “Hey, kid, chill out. We were just messing with you. But if you ever want to talk about anything, you know where to find us.” Peter looks up to meet Sam’s eyes and finds a knowing compassion there. “Right Buck, let’s go, we’ve had our fun. Goodnight kid.”
Without hesitation Peter webs his way up towards the noise. The heat of the flames is so intense he can hardly breathe, but he pushes forwards towards the figure of a woman huddled in the corner. He steps to the right just as part of the roof comes crashing down on the spot he had just been stood on. The apartment building is quickly crumbling around him, he has to be quick if they’re both going to make it out of here.
They stare intensely into each other’s eyes. Peter is thoroughly uncomfortable and entirely out of his element attempting to hold his own against a specially trained assassin and spy like Natasha Romanov.
Natasha is a much better teacher than Steve was, as good as the man’s intentions had been Peter just felt clumsy the entire time. Nat on the other hand makes Peter look graceful, which he didn’t know was possible outside of running about as a crime fighting spider.
The next time Green-guy zooms towards him Peter doesn’t jump out of the way, instead he waits until his foe is in the perfect position before jumping up and pulling one of the turbines off of the board.
“You are too, you’re the one that recognised it.” Their laughter dies down until they’re standing in the lab holding hands, smiling and staring deep into each other’s eyes. There’s a noticeable crack of energy between them exactly like that day in Harry’s bedroom.
He certainly hadn’t expected Natasha to be so blunt. “How would that even be possible? I’m just a kid.” Peter attempts to remain calm hoping he can throw Natasha off the scent. She doesn’t even dignify Peter’s poor attempt with a response, she just raises an eyebrow as if to say ‘really?’. With a shuddering sigh Peter asks, “Who else knows?”
Peter didn’t even get upset when the Police Officer informed him that they couldn’t release the body for a proper burial because the explosion in the building was part of a larger case, in which his Aunt’s body was considered evidence.
“My cue?” Peter asks, still not getting it. No one is attempting to hide their laughter now.
“Yeah, Saturday.” Peter agrees just as the train pulls into the station.
Thursday night finds Peter sitting at the dining table on his parent’s floor with Steve working on his History project. There’s a small part of him that thinks getting Captain America’s help could be considered cheating but he pushes that away, grateful for any help he can get.
There’s silence for a few seconds as the words and disappointment hang in the air between the trio.
Peter regrets the decision to open his eyes the second it happens. The morning light is streaming through his window completely unobstructed causing him to wince away from the light in a way that makes his head pound painfully. He feels like he’s been thrown into a brick wall, and he knows from experience what that feels like.
The next morning Peter is awakened by a loud and persistent buzzing noise. He cracks his eyes open and blindly reaches his hand out, searching for his phone. The light from the device almost blinds him at first but he squints through the discomfort to see Ned’s name flashing on the screen. “Hello?” He answers, his voice cracking slightly from sleep.
“Gotta get you back in the lab sometime soon Petey-pie. Put that full genius to use.” Tony’s tone is joking but Peter can see the glint in his eye that conveys a level of seriousness.
On the train home Tuesday afternoon Harry asks Peter to come shopping with him. Things have been anything but normal between them ever since Peter asked MJ out on a date and he would really like things to go back to the way they were. So, despite needing to go home and pack for the Decathlon trip Peter agrees.
century now in case you’ve forgotten. Ace’ll get the crap kicked out of him if he goes to school in a nice pair of slacks and a jacket and asks to meet the girl’s parents first.” There’s no malice behind Bucky’s words and Peter actually finds himself agreeing.
“No problem, just try and stay out of trouble… Later.” Peter decides to get out of there as quickly as possible, not trusting himself to be able to be discreet enough around Harry.
The thirty second timer chimes just as Peter begins the final part of the equation. Tony takes see this as a window of opportunity to get involved in their practice. “The answer is one hundred forty-seven, Mr Leeds.”
Steve inclines his head. “Well what happened at the end of the date?”
Eventually the pair make their way to the park where they sit on a bench and MJ tells Peter stories that cause him to practically double over in laughter. Being so observant and yet so quiet clearly has its perks as MJ seems to know just about every secret and sordid affair that goes on in their school.
Peter stammers over his words barely able to form a sentence.
Before long the spinning stops and Peter falls into a deep sleep.
Gwen and MJ eventually get up and disappear without telling anyone where they’re going, Peter figures this is something else better left unknown, so now it’s just him, Ned and Liz sitting on the couch. However, the latter pair are getting progressively sloppier and closer together as the night wears on, and Peter doesn’t really want to be stuck on a couch beside his best friend as he drunkenly makes out with a girl, so he decides to go find Harry.
Everything flows easily between them as soon as they start running Decathlon questions. Peter discovers a lot about MJ he didn’t know over the course of the next few hours; for example, on top of being exceptionally observant MJ is really funny. It’s a dark and dry humour built upon heavy on sarcasm and wit, it fits her perfectly.
He’s reached the uneasy conclusion that he’s just good friends with Harry, nothing more, and the only reason it feels so intense and different is because Harry is so different to any friends he’s had before.
“Most of them are away on a mission right now, so you’ll have some time to get settled in and acquainted with the place before you get overloaded meeting all of the other weirdos that live there.” Tony smirks as Steve reprimands him for calling their friends weirdos. “Well, they are, what else do you call a group of mildly unstable superheroes?”
Every time Peter looks at the suit, or goes to put it on, that guilt is there pressing and present at the front of his mind, demanding his attention, reminding him that he isn’t good enough. He couldn’t save Uncle Ben and he couldn’t save Aunt May.
Ned: Oh yeah bro sorry. Michelle asked for your number, y’know cause she’s the captain now, and I’m honestly scared of her so I just gave her it.
“It’s Tony Stark and Steve Rogers.” Instead Peter is the one with the shocked expression. “I sit at the same table as you at lunch every day, you and Ned are hardly discreet.”
Eventually they migrate up to the common area for dinner where Bucky is waiting on them, the table already set and dinner laid out.
He only manages to sleep for an hour or so, when Mrs. Baker comes to wake him up at eight o’clock that morning Peter is already dressed and waiting patiently on his bed.
With one hurdle already tackled Peter figures he may as well take on another. Opening up his call log he finds Steve’s name and presses call. He figures Steve might be calmer than Tony after hearing nothing but radio silence from their teenage son over the past twenty-four hours. He figured wrong.
Tony picks this moment to reappear in the room. “Bruce! You’re back. How was… Mumbai? Jaipur? Bangalore?”
“Peter, this situation appears to be something I should inform Mr Stark and Mr Rogers about.” He curses out loud, he had totally forgotten about JARVIS.
“Okay last question Peter. Subtract one hundred seventy-three from three hundred forty-two in base eight.”
Harry is fixing Peter with a confused and contemplative look when the brunette walks over. He doesn’t say anything as they begin walking towards the train but eventually Harry breaks the silence. “Did you just ask MJ out on a date?”
Harry and Peter are pushed around in the crowd as people run screaming towards the door. Their joined hands drop but Peter is frozen in spot staring up at the open space where the ceiling used to be, he’s aware of Harry pushing him, trying to get him to join the fray of panicked people but Peter is transfixed by the sight of two men floating at the edges of the warehouse.
Two nights in a row he’s been left alone here with assassins. “I need to stop coming to this kitchen after eight o’clock at night.” Peter mutters to himself as he gets into the elevator to head to his own bed.
Mr. Stark walks around to Peter’s side of the table, perching on the surface beside Peter. He removes his glasses and places a hand on the boy’s shoulder. “Peter, we’re here because when we heard about what happened Steve and I couldn’t stop thinking about you. Stark Industries is heavily involved in the clean-up of every Avengers-related tragedy, that’s how we learned about what had happened to you. So, we looked you up, spoke to your social worker and we think that you could be the perfect addition to our family.” Mr. Stark says all of this while looking Peter dead in the eye, not breaking eye contact once. When he’s finished speaking Peter feels a bit teary, he can feel that Mr. Stark is genuine in what he says, that he really means it, really wants to adopt Peter and make him a part of his family.
He shakes his head. “No, it’s okay Ned let’s go. I’ve been a bit of a party pooper over the last few hours, sorry.”
Hello everyone! This is going to be the final part of this particular part of Peter Parker Needs a Break, but I have already started planning and writing the third part which will be called 'Goodbye Yellow Brick Road'. I'm hoping to have the first chapter of that out by next weekend!
There it is, the million-dollar question hanging in the air between them. The very question Peter can’t figure out the answer to.
Of course, there’s also Harry but Peter shoots down that idea as soon as it appears at the corners of his mind. Harry has a bad enough relationship with his dad and the family company without Peter asking him to access private company files.
There’s barely a split second between the words leaving Harry’s mouth and Norman raising a fist above his head. Without even thinking Peter pushes Harry out of the way and lets the fist come into direct contact with the top of his cheek. The sting left behind promises a black eye by the morning.
He feels the loss of May every single day and tonight the pain hurts just a bit more because he knows she should be here. Knows how much she would’ve loved putting him in a suit, showing him how to tie his tie correctly, taking hundreds of pictures and teasing him about his date.
He tries to make a break for his bedroom but Natasha brings his escape plan to a grinding halt. “Stop. Come here.” She points to the couches and stares Peter down as he walks over and takes a seat. “Give me your leg.” Not wishing to upset the assassin by disobeying Peter lifts his leg into her waiting hand, he’s unable to prevent a wince and slight hiss of pain escaping his mouth at the movement.
This will be the first part of a series of Superfamily one-shots I'm planning. This really exists just to set the scene of how Peter ends up being adopted by Tony and Steve, so that I can let my imagination run wild knowing I have some-what justified Peter living with the Avengers.
Obviously he has to be careful and hold back on account of not wanting to arouse any suspicions about his his true strength and the pain that is still throbbing in his shoulder, but Peter finds that it truly does help.
*****
He couldn't quite make a show out of it, but he did take it fairly slow, so at least he didn't fumble with his shoelaces or something. When he started opening his belt and fly, Storm's hand went to the front of his own pants. Steve felt really attractive and wanted just then and he was glad it was Storm he was with, because it all was weirdly comfortable and easy with him.
“I know. I thought it'd be fun.”
“That's what you think is going on here?” Steve asked surprised, walking closer to where Tony was, because that was quite a leap of logic in his books.
“You think?” Clint said sarcastically.
The pain was bearable and he was almost glad to have something to concentrate on other than Tony, still in his suit, leaning against the wall. Because what was with that?
It’s just about to turn eleven o’clock when Peter rounds the corner and enters the ice cream shop. He immediately spots his best friend, sitting near the window with two ice creams in front of him; salted caramel, Ned’s favourite and Peter’s favourite, mint chocolate chip.
There’s a sinking feeling in his chest as Peter begins to piece together where this is headed. “The blast that hit your apartment block was from one of those weapons.” Steve provides, confirming what Peter had suspected. “Do you understand?”
”Great,” Steve said and took the helmet from Storm.
“Good.”
Steve could feel Tony pulling his fingers out and changing position behind him. He reflexively braced himself but instead of pushing inside, Tony draped himself over Steve and rubbed his cock against his crack.
Steve crawled on top of Storm, straddling him and was glad to see Storm looking almost overwhelmed. He liked sassy and bossy people, but he liked seeing them shut up even more.
Inside, there was a moment of awkward silence until Tony broke it.
“Not really, I guess. I don't think we need to go on dates since we live together already, but we should do stuff together just to see if we can actually stand being around each other for longer periods of time.”
“What?” Tony asked. Steve said nothing but tried to convey his wish through his gaze. Luckily Tony seemed to be good at wordless sex talk.
”Or nothing special.”
Steve found he didn't mind that so much.
“Yeah.”
“I was shocked by Cap being a cock hungry slut, not the gay sex.”
“Steve –
Tony's facial expression tightened notably. “I see.” And Steve really didn't understand what Tony's problem was. Even if he'd been in any position to give an opinion about Steve's choice of partners, he was a self proclaimed
Tony raised his eyebrows. “It should be just as flexible even with the more durable material.”
“It really isn't. Because I have no idea why you two broke up or if you still want her back or whether I'm your first choice anyway or just some fulfillment of your childhood's Captain America fantasies!”
”You do know he's just trying to score with Captain America?”
Steve lay down and stayed still about ten minutes before, with a groan, he took his phone from the bedside table.
Tony had a good tactical mind, Steve had to admit, because he was enjoying himself so much under Tony's hands that he could barely muster the energy to roll his eyes.
“No thanks. Better get home.”
And when Storm took his hand to show him the right way to hold the sticks he sort of understood the bow and arrow quip. He learned to use the chopsticks quite quickly, no surprise really, and found that sushi wasn't that bad. Certainly a lot better than he had expected.
Afterwards, lying in bed with his head on Tony's shoulder, gazing drowsily at the arc reactor, Steve felt content for being the one to distract Tony from his mind when needed.
Storm moved his hand and head in sync, applying delicious wet heat and suction. Steve glanced at Storm and seeing him doing it was what it took. ”Storm,” he breathed to warn the guy and Storm took his mouth away, jerking him to a quick completion.
“For his boyfriend he is,” Steve answered and that concluded the conversation as Tony pushed him against the elevator wall and began to take Steve apart with his lips.
“I know I'm not super soldier quality,” Tony started to say, but Steve didn't want to hear anything like it.
*****
When Steve checked his phone in the morning, he saw he had gotten two messages. Both from Tony. Steve groaned and waited for the worst.
”Well that's lies, since it's just you and other dull people. Bruce and Pepper for example – ”
“What?” Clint asked.
“I thought my life wasn't supposed to matter to you! But it seems like I'm missing something big here, because you make no sense!” Steve yelled.
“Jesus. You can just say 'no'. Or did the ice – “
”...you know what? Nothing. Let's forget about this charming conversation and I'll go do something fun and you can go fuck the fire-boy for all I care.”
“How did you know?” Clint asked Bruce.
Tony slumped against his back and Steve lowered them carefully onto the bed.
, he wanted to say. That he hadn't meant for Tony to be so subdued and careful around him all the time, even censoring himself.
How to put that into a few words, though?
Tony chuckled. “True.”
“Right.” That might have explained Tony's behavior in the car, Steve thought. They hadn't had sex yet, so getting reminded about it from someone Steve had had sex with most likely fed Tony's insecurities.
”Stay away from it,” Steve said. And since it was almost worse than 'none of your business', Tony just got a mean glint in his eyes.
“You are completely ridiculous,” he said, but decided it wasn't enough, so he rolled to his back and pulled Tony against him just to roll them over again, trapping Tony underneath him. Feeling a bit cold without Tony's attention to his back, he pulled the bed cover over them.
And JARVIS, the apparently evil AI, stopped the clip there. Their faces still together. Looking
“Great,” Tony said and migrated from the loveseat to the couch Steve was on, sitting on the other side of it. “JARVIS, put on something nice.”
”I don't.”
Steve froze and tried to make a little room between him and Tony.
Steve cleared his throat. “Is that – do you want that?”
He wasn't quite so comfortable with himself that he could have rocked his hips the same way Storm had done earlier on the sofa, so he took Storm's erection into his hand and started to pump it slowly. And that, feeling another man's full cock in his hand, the slight burn of a stubble against his face, was just as heady as he had imagined.
“Well, no. While I've been curious at times, I haven't really felt like I'd need it. When I was younger, when curiosity was all the reason I needed to do things, I didn't really do guys. Well. I've never really done guys. I mean, I've felt the attraction now and then and rarely said no to a free blow job, but that's about it.”
“But you're dating me.”
Steve cleared his throat. “Tony,” he started.
“Do you?”
And Steve wanted to ask what was going on between them, if there was anything. Tony's enquiries about his personal life indicated that Tony was perhaps interested in him, or at least having some sort of thing for him.
He felt the liquid landing on the back of his mouth and swallowed without a further thought.
”Oh, God,” he couldn't help but sigh. He had never thought about sex particularly explicitly, mostly that he wanted to be with somebody, to move with them, to touch and be touched. He'd probably think about having his cock in someone's mouth in the future.
“I'm serious, what's your problem?”
He did sometimes wonder if he in actuality was crazy. If the whole future gig was in fact him imagining everything. Perhaps he had gone into a coma or something from the super soldier experiment and was now living inside his head.
“Hawkeye, what does it look like up there?”
“Touch yourself,” Tony said.
”Yeah, well, the Avengers is for helping people and saving lives and you could try to remember that instead of taking offense at every little imagined slight against you! I'm not there to please you, to do as you like, I'm there to try to keep the team together so we'd be as good as we can be!”
a lot of women. Slept with, yes, but not really wanted to see them after.”
Tony adjusted to the situation remarkably fast. “Embarrassed? What reason is there for you to be embarrassed? You've landed
“The minute I leave you're off to shack up with Storm, a fact I learned from
”Leave her out of this,” Tony said coldly. ”And actually, leave altogether.”
”Tony, stop it,” Steve warned, but in vain, since he couldn't do anything to Tony. He'd never use violence on anyone outside a fight and Tony was hardly going to care if he got mad at him.
“Oh, right. Sure.”
JARVIS had woken Steve up so late it was practically morning, telling him that Tony was back and gone straight to bed.
“You're ridiculous,” Steve said affectionately after a while.
”Good thing I brought you one,” Storm said and pointed at his back bag.
*****
to move,” Steve answered.
”You going somewhere?”
Right. Steve cleared his throat. ”I don't know about all that fucking, but I guess I don't mind spending time with you.”
Steve had thought about how to say it for a long time, feeling the short note was impersonal and rude. But everything else had sounded like he was breaking up with Johnny.
Steve didn't know if he liked how the food looked like, but it smelled really good.
*****
Tony pondered that for a moment. “Does watching TV together count?”
“What?” Tony asked.
Steve raised his eyebrows, because that hadn't been mean. Not against him, at least.
Sometimes he was a bit dumb, Steve thought later.
“They're okay, but I'll keep that in mind,” Steve said, down to his boxers and undershirt. He hesitated only a second before taking his underwear off.
”I didn't 'get it on' with him and it's not any concern of yours anyway with whom I do what, since you're not my boyfriend and certainly not my friend!”
“Yes,” Steve said and pulled Tony to his feet. He took the glass from his hand and settled it on the ground. He kissed Tony because he couldn't not, but ended it soon since he really wanted Tony in a bed.
to go, but he was conflicted as to whether he should inform Tony or not. In the end, Steve decided that since Tony hadn't told him where he was or how long he'd be gone – Steve only knew because he had asked JARVIS – it wasn't expected of him either, no matter if it was with Johnny. Besides, it wasn't like Tony had anything to be jealous of anymore.
And that was nice, Steve thought. Not that he would be interested in going clubbing or whatever, but still. He sometimes forgot that they were friends.
Johnny moaned and pulled Steve's hips backwards, guiding him on his knees so he could get his arm around him and grip his cock.
Quarter to seven Steve was outside the tower waiting. He really didn't want anyone else to know about their date or at least not to be there at any point of it.
*****
“Did you use the measurements of the last suit?”
“Cap?” Steve enquired some minutes later when he felt like he could actually speak.
Being careful with his left arm, Steve opened Johnny's pants and pulled them down with his boxers. Johnny slid a bit closer to the edge of the couch so Steve could reach better.
“Thank God. That would have been too much for my heart.”
Steve was slightly apprehensive when he got back to the Tower. He parked his bike in the garage and took the elevator up. He had never stayed away the whole night for as long as they all had lived in the Tower. He hoped no one would notice or care.
“That's between Bruce and me, I think,” Steve hurried to say. Not that Bruce would have spread other people's secrets, but still.
Right. Steve had meant it as an invitation, but since it seemed that Tony would rather go to his workshop, he didn't say anything else.
”No, I'll be too embarrassed because I can't work the chopsticks to concentrate on how the food tastes.”
”Not that I'm actually interested in Storm, but wasn't it you who said something about me needing to get laid and who gave my number to Storm?”
“Yeah, do it,” Steve interrupted.
“Yes?” Tony looked up from his worktable.
“Weirdly enough, it gives me a sense of security that you dress and comb your hair like that, that you don't make profiles on dating sites and don't watch reality TV.”
“Okay?” Tony asked, sounding almost confused.
“Want to watch porn?”
and disapproving Steve's thing with Johnny Storm was nothing but hypocritical.
He had a fleeting thought about Tony and what he would say, if he knew. He remembered insisting that he had no interest in Storm, no intentions towards him. Funny how that had turned out.
Thank God he didn't comment on it, though.
“How long?” He finally asked.
“He was, but left for the party after he came home and found that you had deserted the premises earlier on.”
They sat in silence for a moment when Happy had gone, Tony staring straight ahead of him and Steve wondering how the hell he could be so nervous. It was their first real kiss, sure, but it wasn't like he had to be afraid that Tony wouldn't want it.
It wasn't like Steve would ask Tony for
“Jesus fuck,” Tony moaned and Steve wondered how you could want something so much. Not just wanting sex, to get off, but wanting to have someone so close to you and inside you and wanting to be inside them. Tony's cock was hot and big in his mouth and all he wanted was to gag on it.
Later on, Steve found himself lying on his stomach, rubbing against the mattress with Johnny draped across his back, moving in the same rhythm with him. He could feel precum from Johnny's cock smudged against his lower back and buttocks.
“Everything OK?” Natasha asked through the comm system.
It didn't take very long after that that a slight sweat broke on Storm's skin, probably at least partly due to Steve's considerable body heat, and he started to make all these half-choked moans that went straight to Steve's groin.
“It should hold up against bullets better than the last one.”
And maybe it would be better than to just mope around the tower, sketching and training.
“Sassy Cap always makes me so hot,” Tony said.
*****
Tony scowled. “That's different.”
“No, I mean – I haven't actually ever told anyone. Not something you wanted others to know.”
, Steve thought,
“I prefer topping, to be honest. And anyway, I usually sleep with women, so it's rarely an issue.”
“Maybe I have high standards,” Tony said. “It's not like I've really actually
Johnny flashed him a brilliant smile. “Don't worry, the thought of having my cock in Captain America's mouth is almost enough in itself to make me come.”
Storm chuckled. ”Fuck yeah.”
“So I'm the first guy you've dated?”
His third answer he couldn't keep inside of him, so he gave what he got.
Storm looked at him for a second. ”Cool.”
Steve was afraid of what Johnny might have said, but knew that he had to ask. They had been sort of okay when they had left for the gala earlier on. Tony had stared at him like
The flight stopped then, and they were floating still in the air a moment before Tony gently let Steve down on the penthouse balcony. Steve stared while Tony touched down on the landing pad and had his suit removed by the robot arms.
Another day and another fight and Steve hated his life. Well, no he didn't, but he certainly didn't like it at the moment. Their enemies of the day were bullies who wanted to cause damage and destruction just for the sake of it, which always left Steve on edge. On top of that the team's mood was somewhat strained. It was mostly Tony's doing, being prickly and difficult towards everybody. He ignored Steve, which pissed Steve off more than Tony's sniping, weirdly enough. Steve grew frustrated and couldn't always keep it to himself, so he took it out on the rest of the team and their adversaries.
Because he had no reason at all to be self-conscious about his body now – he knew what he looked like – but he had never been under any scrutiny in a situation like this. In a medical setting, sure, but not with a – a lover, if that's what Storm was to him now.
“Tony?”
“No, no. I just, I wasn't sure what we were exactly.”
The video clip started, showing a couple of guys kissing and groping each other. It wasn't so bad, Steve thought, when the men on the screen fell down onto a bed. He still thought he'd rather be doing exactly that instead of watching two strangers doing it, but if it was something Johnny liked – well, he could deal.
Steve returned to the tower later, after Johnny had woken up and they had eaten breakfast. He didn't see Tony anywhere, but was stopped by Natasha, Clint and Bruce in the communal living room.
”Great,” Storm said and turned to him. Storm put a hand on Steve's thigh and looked questioningly at Steve. For a second Steve thought about putting an end to the whole thing and just leaving, but instead he just nodded his consent.
“I'm fine, Tony,” Steve said, but decided to let Tony look.
, he had no idea if they were something else or had rules or anything. All he knew was that he had expected their meetings to be a lot quicker – but instead they hung  out, ate and slept together. It felt a bit like dating to him.
“You’re my friend Tony.
“Is it always this quiet?” Tony asks in a low voice.
“Tony,” Rhodey says so very seriously that Tony meets his gaze.
Steve remains silent and waits.
He grabs the table cover and wipes off his face.
Building legs for Rhodey.
I just want to be Steve.
Tony laughs and announces, “You’re wet.”
Instead, Steve threw his friends and reputation in the trash all for Barnes; a person who had committed dozens of murders and crimes over the span of decades.
Sam says as he walks out onto the balcony and Steve watches him pull out his phone as he walks down the stairs.
And he almost sees a dare there, as though Tony is testing him.
“We good?” asks Steve hesitantly.
“I actually have an early meeting, and god that sounds like a line, but it’s true.”
You work, you run, you sleep.
time.
He’s sitting in the front waiting area when he hears the door in the back open.
Their heads tip in opposite directions and they fall deeper into the kiss.
“Christ Steve,” Tony moans as his head thuds against the wall, eyes never leaving Steve’s.
He didn’t know how to relate his past to what they went through, which just seemed so much worse for them.
Tony’s hand squeezes them both and they groan.
Rhodey sounded disappointed.
I need a shower before heading in.”
“Same time next week?”
Steve likes days like this where he can concentrate on each person, give them what they need, and move on to the next issue.
After waking up in the ice Steve knew that most people only saw him as Captain America: an icon, a weapon, a tool, a symbol.
“Of course she does, she’s their age.”
of us.”
Steve’s barely aware of the sound of clothes rustling and Tony moving around.
No one was expecting anything from him but to make the soreness disappear.
His left hand still holding tight against Steve’s wrist.
Dreamed about it, daydreamed about it and made the offer to Tony so many times that Steve’s afraid it seemed weird.
“We’ll never know.”
Raining so hard it’s bouncing off the railing and steps.
He even had a few days where he succeeded.
He kisses him, his tongue runs across Tony’s lips and into his mouth.
“Looks like I may have overstayed.”
“Except you.”
“No, I don't think it would work the way Tony hopes, but I don’t disagree that we need some form of structure.”
“Is the pressure ok?” he says quietly.
“I’m not worried about the Center.”
He knows that may seem standoffish to Tony.
Sam asks, sounding very serious.
“It didn’t involve you.
Steve laughs.
Steve takes a nervous breath, pushes on his knees and stands up before walking the short distance to the other side of the room.
Tony rolls his eyes and crushes his hand.
“That wasn’t my intention.”
Steve shrugs.
“Man, don’t look at me like that.
He shrugs.
Tony’s head rests against his collarbone, his harsh panting is burning against the wet shirt.
“Sam, I’ve caused enough people trouble.
“Have it all?
“We aren’t hiding; just aren’t advertising where we are.”
To Tony’s credit he seems surprised.
What do you want?”
“We staying out here?”
We all thought we were doing what was right.”
He wants to trust Tony, that’s why he sent the cell phone and left all the messages, but he still finds it hard to let down his guard.
Soon enough Tony grabs one of his wrists, as though holding him still in case he changes his mind and the other hand pulls him him down by his neck.
“Alright.
Tony’s fist clenches in his hair and Steve’s head is pushed into Tony’s neck.
He had really thought he and Steve were at the start of something good, before.
“Geezus, you need to stop talking with Sam.
That maybe if he had opened his mind more and really
Tony shouts as he walks down the hall and Steve can’t help but think he’s running after such an emotional exchange.
He counts to five and slowly turns to look at Sam.
Tony looks at Steve, then back down to the beer he continuously spins.
“I’m not going to lie, so yes a little, but not… overly.
“Good.
He’s obviously not though because with a few words Tony’s brought it all up to the surface.
Steve shakes his head still not sure what to think.
Steve thumbs off the phone and quickly puts it in his pocket before crossing his arms and putting an annoyed look on his face.
“As much as I was angry at him, I was just as angry - but also hurt - at you.”
Tony climbs the stairs and looks questioningly at the beer Steve’s holding.
knows he thought Tony was a friend, a close one, but it seems Tony doubts that.
Steve wants to avoid that.
After Sam finishes chewing he levels Steve with a look.
He notices his hands trembling slightly and hopes Tony can’t feel it.
Steve smirks, then clears his throat to break the gaze.
“I want to believe you.”
he’s even upped the banter to try and lay Sam’s fears to rest.
“Sure,” Steve says and he thinks it was too loud and too quick but he’s so relieved to see Tony.
Softens you up, makes you look younger somehow, which is not fair by the way.
Part of Steve wishes Sam didn’t point it out though because all the fun Steve felt a moment ago is now gone at the reminder that he’s falling short in Sam’s eyes.
He turns on the radio system so the rooms are filled with the soft sound of water lapping at the shores.
He was more than willing to lend support but had no interest in leading.
He starts in the center and then works toward the outside.
He puts his hands on his hips, sighs and bows his head.
“That is an abomination.
Rhodey pushes the wheelchair closer to the desk, “Steve didn’t start out to hurt you or betray you.
I’ve known where you and your merry crew have been, well most of them, for months.
“Great.
The location was perfect as it was two hours in either direction of New York or DC.
Tony takes his hands away and Steve pulls them into his lap quickly, keeping his eyes down.
“You flirt with everyone though.”
I’ll deal with Sam.
Rhodey can’t walk; I turned the Avengers against each other.
He trusts that Rhodey isn’t steering him wrong about Steve’s feelings, so Tony just needs to take the first step.
Steve’s heart beats faster as he prepares himself for whatever is on the other side of the door.
“You ok?” Tony asks.
“You know, I did notice the pop culture reference earlier.
, at least try it, in theory. He was curious, and if the guy bottoming on the screen experienced even half the enjoyment he was broadcasting it was worth a try. But he thought it was more intimate than sucking someone's cock and required more trust. And if Johnny just wanted to fuck
But well, that had been when he had been in love with Bucky. Not that they would have ever done anything like it, since Bucky hadn't liked men and Steve wouldn't have ever told him anyway.
He glanced at Storm who had put two bottles of beer on the table and seemed to be rummaging around the kitchen looking for something.
“Yes. I was waiting for you to wake up.”
“Fine,” Tony nodded.
Tony smirked. “I think Hawkeye is trying to use reverse psychology on us.”
Steve laughed. He turned around when he got the pants on and Tony hadn't lied, he was staring.
Turning to look at Tony he saw him surprised and about to open his mouth.
“Why would you have known?” Steve said, hoping Tony heard. Or not.
And so now in front of them Johnny Storm turned around towards screen-Steve and pressed a kiss to his lips. And screen-Steve didn't deck him or jump off the bike, but instead answered to the kiss.
”Hop on,” Storm said, grinning, his helmet's screen up.
But anyway, he had sneaked out and Storm had been waiting and they'd stopped to pick up pizza on their way. They had decided to watch a WWII movie, and Steve had been somewhat apprehensive about it at first, but told Johnny that it was alright. While it felt wrong for him to see the war as entertainment – especially after he had learned about the scale of the genocide, about the concentration camps – he understood that it was important to the people who hadn't experienced it themselves to not forget about it.
“To answer your earlier question, marriage is not slow,” Steve said.
“Not my boyfriend,” Steve said without taking his eyes off the book he was reading.
“How is it with Stark, then?”
”You'll do no such thing,” he hissed to Tony, trying to fight embarrassment.
“You're not secret lovers or something?” Clint asked.
And they were still sitting pressed together.
*****
”I'm sure,” Steve said.
Steve swallowed his annoyance, because while it was none of Tony's business, it was also a harmless question.
”I'm sorry?”
Well. That was only true, Steve supposed.
”Never mind.”
And funny how even though Steve was extremely aroused himself, for a second his most pressing feeling was that of accomplishment.
It was because enthusiastic face-sucking made it hard to concentrate on anything else that they missed the elevator stopping before Tony's level.
Steve tensed. On the one hand, he was quite taken with Tony right then, but on the other –
“It's good already,” Johnny told him with eyes gone dark.
And it was ridiculous that he was feeling disappointed since he had absolutely no intention to have sex with Storm.
*****
And that was a line crossed, Steve realized, when Tony's face closed off completely.
”Yes.”
Steve for his embarrassment had sort of forgotten about Tony's driver. “I think I can restrain myself until we get back home.”
“Does it?”
“So you're telling me you're not friends with Pepper any more?”
Finding himself straddling Steve made Tony stop for a second and take a note of their position. Then, with eyes gone dark he went back to kissing, even more wanting and needy than before, if possible.
And oh God, it was from the trip back. Steve watched with ever growing embarrassment and horror as Storm's bike glided into the picture, in an annoyingly good quality. It wasn't obvious that it was Steve until he took his helmet off, still sitting on the bike.
”What isn't just because of what?”
Curious how it all seemed to come down to sex again.
And Steve had never been a good liar and something showed in his face.
“You want me to suck you?”
Steve glanced at Tony and found the man staring at the screen expressionlessly.
When the clothes had come off and the pair was rutting together, Steve admitted that it was kind of arousing. He looked at Johnny and saw him paying rapt attention to the screen while stroking his thigh. Steve swallowed.
“You'd like that, wouldn't you? Me licking you open?”
Steve thought it funny how casually Johnny proposed something like that.
”Oh, please, spare me your pep talk shit. Bottom line is, there's no way I'm going to do as ordered if I can clearly see a much better course of action. That's how I've always done it and it has worked quite well so far.”
Giving Tony a quick look  for consent (and getting it), Steve eased Tony out of his underpants. Feeling almost remorseful that he couldn't quite reach to take it into his mouth, he wrapped his hand around Tony's cock.
”You could call me Johnny after that, I think.”
“Don't,” Steve interrupted. “Don't. Just, what exactly do you want?”
“Sure, at eight?”
They didn't use any stitches, since the wound wasn't very large and he would heal so quickly. He couldn't put his suit jacket back on since it was ruined, so they brought him a SHIELD issue undershirt and hoodie.
“JARVIS, will you notify me when Tony gets back?”
“Yeah, the one he spent the night with,” Clint continued.
“Yes, but don't worry, he seems to be pestering Tony Stark, you're probably safe,” she said.
Steve, instead of saying to Tony that he could continue, squeezed his muscles around Tony's cock and was rewarded with a deep groan.
“I recover fast,” Steve said, now against the pillow because he couldn't look anymore.
Steve swallowed. “Yeah.”
Because even with it being Storm – who wasn't that obnoxious once you got used to him – Steve hadn't minded being physically close to someone. It sounded a bit pathetic really, but well. Maybe he was.
“It's crazy that you have actually fought Nazis,” Johnny commented after the movie ended.
Being with Johnny was weirdish now. They watched movies and ate (and what a great way to spend time, Steve thought), not really even talking that much, and every once in a while Steve caught Johnny giving him a look. Steve thought he got it. He too had fleeting thoughts about how Johnny had sucked him off right here not that long ago, how they'd been sitting just like this – even with the same beer – that first time they'd made out.
Well. He was there already and Johnny had done the same to him. “I won't be any good,” he warned.
Steve felt somewhat embarrassed when he took Johnny's cock into his hand, but a look at Johnny's face gave him all the courage he needed to just go for it. It was good to be looked at like that.
*****
that he felt lost to the feeling and wanted never to be found.
When he was about to tell Tony how ridiculous he was, it occurred to him that maybe Tony still was jealous and insecure. Steve hadn't exactly returned his love, even though he had tried to make it clear that he was serious about Tony. Since sex seemed to be a language Tony spoke, Steve decided to try it.
, which is a phenomenal improvement over Johnny Storm.”
“Oh yes, we're not friends.”
Steve felt heat rising to his neck and pondered what to answer for a moment. He wasn't really sure what was included in 'making out', or what Storm meant with it. But well, he could put a stop to it if things got too uncomfortable. And he could ask Storm what he was after.
*****
“I hate these things, too.”
But he could, in the end. Happy parked the car into the Tower's garage, and before he could get out and open the doors Tony addressed him.
Steve went to his suite in a good mood.
“You want me to fuck you?”
Storm crawled to lie next to him.
Oh. Right. “That's okay, I guess.”
Tony said nothing so Steve tried to ignore his flustered feeling and peeked at Tony over his shoulder. He had spoken the truth when he'd said he was fine. His ass felt perfectly fine.
Tony looked like he wanted to protest, but found Steve's sluttiness too funny to do that.
Tony pursed his lips and seemed like he wanted to disagree.
“God, you take it so well,” Tony said and came after a few more thrusts.
“I never want to get out of you,” Tony mumbled against Steve's neck.
“You'd rather be a cock hungry slut?” Tony murmured against Steve's neck.
Clint watched the TV show for several minutes before trying again. “So you just fuck?”
“God yes.”
”Yeah?”
”Not alone, I hope. If you want to go clubbing or something, you do know you can invite us?” Clint said.
So apparently Bruce knew about his thing with Johnny. And Tony was jealous? It certainly explained his behavior, but really?
“What?”
He wasn't in love with anyone now.
Tony answered almost immediately, meaning that he hadn't gone to sleep at all last night.
“A simple question, sure you know how to answer.”
Steve gave him a look, but complied, taking his time opening the buttons. Under the button down he had an undershirt which he pulled off quickly afterward, trying not to seem modest.
Steve felt that he had far too many clothes on still, but to get his shirt off would have required him to release Tony's cock and that thought was almost unthinkable just then. He tugged Tony down by his neck for another kiss, missing already the scratch of Tony's goatee against his face. He  fantasized about feeling it everywhere on his body.
Johnny gave Steve a once over. ”On the other hand,” he said, his voice a lot lower suddenly, ”now it wouldn't be incest.”
Tony said nothing else and when Steve went to sit opposite him, he stared at his sludge, avoiding Steve's eyes.
“Right,” Steve said and just stood there with the suit in his hands.
“I thought you'd be half-way to the next state screaming by now,” Tony commented, not moving his hands away from Steve.
Tony was silent, and then, gently, “Was he your first?”
“Crazy is that I'm alive in 2013 and watching a movie about guerrilla Jews blowing up Nazis with a guy who becomes a bonfire every once in a while.”
“What?!” Steve exclaimed when he was roused from his thoughts. “Are you an idiot? You think your telling me you love me is going to make me want to let you go?!”
Well. What the hell.
“Try not to pass out until we are high up: I need both arms for stabilizing until we gain speed.”
Steve hadn't seen Tony since the suit fitting the day before and they hadn't talked about what to say to people. They hadn't talked about anything, really. Steve had given Tony another show when he had changed back into his clothes and he had left with a kiss on Tony's cheek.
Steve would have gladly liked to stay just like they were for the foreseeable future, sated with a half-naked Tony in his arms, but he knew that Tony must be uncomfortable.
The thought came to Steve that perhaps Tony had been drunk the times he'd texted and was now regretting them.
Steve smiled. It could be that the man hadn't just been bothered to shower earlier on, but it seemed like he had made an effort to look nice for Steve.
“It wasn't a complaint,” Tony said.
“I just wanted to check you up,” he said and Steve was about to ask what Tony was talking about when Tony's hands were on his lower back and sliding down.
“No unfriendlies anywhere and I see a SHIELD clean-up crew coming.”
Steve tried to keep still, and mostly succeeded, but every once in a while he made an involuntary jerk due to Storm doing something wicked with his mouth.
Right. Steve had no idea what to think about Johnny searching for porn that he might like.
He didn't hear from Storm for a couple of days and started to think that he had probably driven the man away with his lack of enthusiasm.
*****
Steve raised his eyebrows enquiringly.
Steve hadn't even thought about that. He thought that feeling and
And he knew that a lot of people slept with complete strangers, but he had never seen any appeal in it. Even now, although what they'd done had been really good and he didn't regret it, it would have been nice if he could have pulled Johnny in his arms or kissed him good morning and perhaps had breakfast in bed with him.
“Of course.”
“But it's fine if you don't want to. I mean, it's not necessarily comfortable. Not everybody likes it.”
After knowing him for about a week, having met him twice before.
”Oh, really?” Now Clint was looking at him as well.
”It's also somewhat because, and it hurts me to say it, you're even better looking than me. Not hotter, though, but better looking. And some of it is the Captain America thing.”
Steve had sneaked out of the tower, which was ridiculous, he knew. Like when he and Bucky had sneaked out of the orphanage, except in this instance Tony Stark was analogous to a strict nun.
Before he could get out a polite 'no', Tony came to stand beside him. ”I'll send it to you,” he said to Storm. ”Cap here could use getting laid.”
“Oh.” He didn't think it was
The next message took slightly longer than the others.
*****
Steve thought about how weird Tony had been and what he would do if he saw Storm in his tower.
But it was too late now, so Steve just had to wait until Tony came home.
“Oh.” That was. Right.
“Sorry?”
Steve couldn't quite say anything, but the way he lifted his hips demandingly against Johnny was probably answer enough.
Tony moved closer on his lap and pressed their cocks together. Groaning into Tony's mouth, Steve adjusted his grip to cover them both. It was burning hot and slick with both of their precome and just so
“Too much?” Tony asked. “Bruce said I should be honest.”
But then
Steve woke up to the sound of his phone. It was close to nine o' clock in the evening. He had slept most of the day.
I've done it with,” Steve said and felt weirdly bitter all of a sudden. “Hope you get something out of that.”
“You've just broken up with Pepper and I – I have some things to figure out.”
Steve just gave him a reproachful look before standing up in front of Johnny and sliding to his knees.
Steve's thoughts got distracted when he realized they were going way over the speed limit. Steve thought if maybe Storm was trying to impress him. Scare him, perhaps? So he'd hug Storm tighter? Weirdly enough he wasn't really that annoyed about the thought.
Tony looked taken aback for a second before. ”And you think Storm is? Your friend or boyfriend – ”
He let the cock slide out of his mouth, but saw a drop of come gathering on the tip and licked it off.
“Tonight? I'll have to put some finishing touches to it before the fitting.”
Tony wasn't done, though. “You said in the car that you won't give up on me. I'm not doing that either. And if it wasn't clear already, I'm almost nauseatingly in love with you. Pathetic, really.”
“We should pay back to the mean man in tights by continuing to make out.”
“I'm thinking food and sleep.”
Johnny smiled wryly. “Well. Maybe a little?”
Apparently they had dozed off, Steve realized some time later upon waking up. He was cold–and no wonder–since they were naked on top of the covers. He looked at a still sleeping Storm –well, Johnny– and tried to come up with what to do.
Mostly Steve's apprehension was because he felt so disconnected from most people now, including Storm. He couldn't really see himself part of anything or being in a relationship with anyone.
. It's not – it's not you, you're not too old. I – “
Steve ignored the comment. ”Your turn,” he said instead.
Storm put his bottle away. ”Well. Honestly, I want to fuck you. But since you're cool and actually hilarious, I would like to keep hanging out with you. Or if we do fuck, I'd probably like to keep fucking you.”
He was down to his boxers and hesitated, but Storm's lips were parted and his eyes were dark and he was staring with his hand pressing against his erection, so Steve just went for it.
And it wasn't like he wouldn't
Steve gave the bottle to Storm and opened the other for himself.
“Speak for yourself,” Natasha mumbled.
They hadn't said anything for a while and Steve considered asking about their relationship status, wanting to be sure what was going on before he got too distracted.
And while he might not have minded getting started on the physical side on their relationship, he knew that was a quick way to get their emotions tangled up in it all.
, he answered, since it was weirdly hard to ignore a personal message. He actually liked the text messaging thing. You could leave a message if you didn't have anything pressing to say or the other one was busy. Or if you just wanted to avoid the awkward silences.
”Spread your legs,” Storm said.
– ! Yeah, fine, whatever.”
“More like he came to me,” Steve said, refusing to get defensive.
After a moment of hesitation, Steve combed his fingers through Tony's hair, his nails against Tony's scalp.
. As in not seeing other people. Ever again. Because we're in love. And will get married. And I will stop there before Steve dies.”
*****
“Sassy Cap?” Steve felt like he had to ask when they got to Tony's floor.
But there was nothing to really do about it. Johnny was his only friend or something like it outside the team and he didn't want to let that go.
”Take your shirt off.”
That sounded a lot like Tony was hitting on him, but the last time they'd spoken Tony had been silent and reserved and the times before that downright rude.
“Yeah, you do,” Tony said and pulled his finger out but kept his hands on Steve's butt.
“No comment,” Bruce just said.
Like now.
”I'm not
“You're gay?!”
Back at the tower he had got into the communal living room when he was faced with Tony.
“I didn't know you were gay.”
“If it's alright.”
“We ended our arrangement.”
Steve rolled his eyes. ”You're missing the point. I don't care who's idea the plan is as long as everybody's on the same page. If you think you know better, ask first, inform me and the team first. You're leaving me totally blind as to what to do with others if you can't be arsed to tell me what the hell you're up to!”
To try it on. Right.
”No,” Steve said.
He kept the rhythm going, sometimes twisting his head slightly to change the angle. Johnny started to push his hips forward just a bit, moaning and groaning every once in a while. The grip on Steve's hair tightened and Steve thought to pull his head away, but then he felt the cock in his mouth starting to pulse and-- he sort of got curious.
“Still want to continue this?” Tony asked after a prolonged silence.
“I know,” Tony interrupted him. “I know, okay. And it's hard and awkward and not going that well, and, I don't know, maybe you feel I'm too old for you, or something, but – but don't give up on me yet. I'm trying and I'll try harder, but don't. Not yet.”
”Just out.”
Steve slowed his ministrations down to a complete stop and even put the sponge away. He wondered if he was maybe too touchy-feely or something, if this wasn't appropriate, if men didn't – if Tony didn't like touching outside of a sexual context. He could deal, he supposed, but he was, maybe, a bit starved for physical affection. He had never really had any except for Bucky's one armed hugs and elbows to the ribs and nobody touched him now outside of sparring or more lately, sex.
“Sue Storm, right?” Steve asked.
“Yeah, God, you
Clint snorted. “See you at our weirdly homoerotic morning training,” he said and left them.
for Tony to be his playful self in his company.
Tony nudged Steve to lie on his stomach and he went easily, trusting Tony. “What are you doing?” he asked when Tony didn't come to lie beside him.
“And anyway, we have a lot of things to talk about,” Steve pointed out, thinking about their somewhat antagonistic past.
”Fuck,” Storm just breathed. He didn't move to take his own shirt off and Steve was unsure what to do, but then Storm gave him a look that was half lustful half challenging and Steve decided to take the rest off. Storm probably got off on having Captain America stripping for him.
”I don't think so. JARVIS, bring forth any video material you can get to about Cap here in the last few hours, anything where he's with someone.”
Well. He could be really, really crazy.
Steve huffed. “I'm just wondering if I can wait till we get to your bedroom or if I should just ravish you right here.”
“Yeah,” Tony said, still leaning against Steve his eyes closed even though Steve had once again stopped the petting. “Also, the first guy I've ever really wanted to date.”
“I want you so much,” he interrupted and gently pushed Tony to lie on the bed.
”Well, that's going to change. The best sushi in town, I swear.”
Steve cringed. “It's just that my last suit was – really tight.”
Tony didn't say anything more and Steve was left dumbstruck, because when had that happened?
Well, to be honest, Steve actually was, a bit. Not like he thought he had any say as to how people should live their lives. Even though he rationalized that it was perfectly fine to sleep around as much as you wanted if you didn't lead your partners on, he couldn't quite smother down the feeling of disapproval. But he could ignore it. And that wasn't it, anyway.
He was about to get up when Johnny woke up too.
“Good,” Steve answered, not knowing how true that was, but not feeling like talking about personal matters. However, there was something he did want to talk about. “I saw you talking to him at the gala.”
“Jesus,” Johnny breathed.
Tony was looking at him possessively and Steve had to swallow.
Steve entered using his code (at least it worked; not a bad sign) and found Tony sitting in his chair, a glass in hand, not doing any work as far as Steve could see.
Steve stared at Storm for a little while, because while he wanted to, really quite badly, he had his issues. The fact that he hadn't ever done this before, for one. And the perhaps naive and overly romantic notion that he wanted sex to mean something, for another.
, Steve wasn't interested.
Right. That is. “Oh.”
“What?”
Of course he'd never cheat – and to be honest, he wasn't even slightly tempted – but he couldn't deny the tension between them.
Since he was staring at the two men, he saw when both of their gazes turned towards him. Johnny was smirking lewdly and Tony's smile was so fake Steve had trouble looking at him.
While Storm ordered for them both Steve thought that he had been a bit harsh on Storm. He hadn't said or done anything inappropriate on their date so far, while Steve had questioned his every move. Because maybe the guy didn't just try to score with Steve. Maybe Steve was just being narcissistic.
Steve was taking the elevator to Tony's workshop. He was still a bit damp from his shower and hoped Tony wouldn't guess where he'd been and what he'd been doing.
“That's – really nice of you. Thanks,” Steve said. And it was nice. His gear was mostly SHIELD-made, so having Tony on it was unusual.
“Well… enjoy that…” The two laugh again and say their goodbyes.
“Didn’t realise there was anything to avoid here, might need to keep you around…” He breaks off looking expectantly at Peter, clearly waiting for his name.
“She-she’s not my girlfriend or anything. Just a friend… She’s the captain of the Decathlon team actually. That’s why she’s coming over, to practice.”
“I mean, not really.” Peter shrugs. “I asked her if she wanted to do extra Decathlon practice on Wednesday after school.” They’re waiting on the platform now, neither boy meeting the other’s eye. Something heavy is hanging in the air between them and it’s clear they can both feel it.
As she observes him now from the doorway of the gym she notices something else. Peter is currently sparring with Steve who recently decided to teach Peter some self-defence after the boy came home from school with a nasty bruise on his cheek bone. He claimed it was nothing more than a silly school fight but once again Natasha didn’t believe that to be the full truth.
“So, you know about Bucky?” Peter nods. Who doesn’t know about Bucky? Is how he really wants to respond but he bites his tongue on that one. “Well, adjustment wasn’t easy for him, and sometimes he can still be a bit sensitive to things. But don’t worry, he’s good at telling people to back off when he needs space, and I’ll talk you through topics to avoid and things like that.”
It’s only a few hours later, when he’s lying on his bed in the dark, that the events of the night truly catch up with Peter.  The pain of losing Aunt May envelopes him, he can feel the grief in every bone of his body. He curls up into a ball, pulling the sheets tight around him and lets the tears flow.
Someone, he’s not sure who, manages to get Harry to confess to being a rather proficient piano player. Before he knows what’s happening the whole group has migrated over to the grand piano standing near the window. The piano is never played and Peter thinks it was just bought to fill space more than anything.
The other villain lowers slightly so that he comes into view. He’s definitely human, wearing a jacket and a pair of goggles but the most impressive and terrifying part of his ensemble are the giant wings sprouting from his back. Peter can hear the tell-tale whir that confirms the wings are mechanical.
Peter figures it’s because he will be going back to school tomorrow, something he has been dreading the closer it gets. Part of him wants to beg Tony and Steve just to have him home-schooled, and he knows that they would do it for him in a heartbeat, however he realistically knows that he needs to go back to school. Besides, it would be unfair to leave Ned to fend for himself.
------
“It’s so good to meet you Peter. How’s life with these two idiots as parents?” Bucky’s smile turns into a smirk as Steve and Tony protest him calling them idiots.
Also just a bit of insight into how I view Harry in case anyone is interested; I view Harry in this fic as a bit of an Indie boy, who loves 70s Glam Rock and the Smiths. He's got a lot going on in his past, which we will unpack eventually and a not great track record when it comes to dealing with authority figures, particularly with his dad and school.
As he swings into view of the commotion he realises quickly why there is such a large crowd. The building under attack is none other than Oscorp.
“Getting grey here Pete.”
He spots her as soon as the elevator doors slide open, stood at the kitchen island carefully stirring something in a mug. Natasha doesn’t even look up as Peter approaches to stand on the opposite side of the island.
Peter shrugs. “Just some Chemistry, and History, which I’m terrible at but Steve is some what of an expert on World War Two so he always helps out.”
Another soft smile. “Thanks Peter.”
“So…” Peter begins to panic slightly, what is he supposed to do now? What do people do at the end of a date they didn’t initially realise was a date? “Do you want to go on another date? Maybe we could do something a bit more fun than running Decathlon questions.”
“Aw come on, he looks so cute! We have to take pictures before he goes.”
“Okay, well I’m glad we have that established.” He pecks Peter on the cheek. “I love being able to do that.” They smile at each other; Peter is certain he has the most love-struck look on his face right now. “But what else was bothering you? Because I know it wasn’t that simple.” How this boy has the power to see straight through him Peter will never know. He must have a spider-sense trained to Peter’s emotions, a Peter-sense.
“Had a little too much fun?” Peter groans pitifully in response. Tony is clearly annoyed but he pushes it aside to take pity on his son. “Right kid, let’s get you to bed.” The older man hooks an arm around Peter’s shoulders and helps guide the boy towards his bedroom. “Don’t think you’re in the clear though, we are definitely having a conversation about this tomorrow.”
Finally deciding just to take a chance Peter says, “Yeah, if that’s okay with you?”
“No, you shouldn’t have!” Peter knows he’s shouting, but he can’t help it. “I’m going out.” Bucky tries to call him back but the teen doesn’t listen, scared of what he might say if he turns back now.
As Ned leaves the room Peter decides he should probably check his phone now. Talking about not wanting to cause his adoptive parent’s any stress reminded him that they’ve probably tried to get in touch with him and might be panicking, Tony tends to do that.
Harry is just waving goodbye to the retreating figures of Liz and Gwen when Peter catches up to him. “Well this was a total bust. Sorry Pete, I had hoped this would be a nice end to our… shall we say, complicated, day.”
Peter nods. “Yes sir, that’s correct.”
A silence falls between them that is neither comfortable nor awkward, there’s a definite tension but neither teen seems willing to break it. Until Harry does.
The first thing he spots upon leaving the elevator is the stack of books waiting to be packed in preparation for returning to school tomorrow. The sight causes dread and anxiety to rise so Peter grabs his backpack and heads down to Tony’s workshop, planning to tell the man he’s going to meet Ned, then to actually go out and patrol for a while.
“And so what if it is? What does it matter to you? What does it matter to anyone?” Peter raises his voice slightly catching the attention of a few other passengers in the carriage they’ve just climbed into.
“That’s him.”
Tony looks almost baffled by the question. “Of course kid. You can tell whoever you want to.”
“Thanks Peter, you were good too.” They smile shyly at each other, acutely aware of the fact that they’re standing alone.
After watching the brunette struggle to figure out where to sit on his own couch, Harry finds it all very endearing and takes pity on the teen, he grabs Peter’s hand and pulls him down to sit on the couch beside them with hardly any space between the pair.
This is where Bucky finds him, sitting at the coffee table surrounded by poems with various lines highlighted and notes scribbled all around in different colours. The older man wanders over and takes a seat near Peter with a small smile as a greeting.
He carefully unlocks the bathroom door and creeps back along the corridor. Thankfully for him the couches where everyone is currently seated aren’t in direct view of the elevators, so he successfully gets into the elevator and pushes the button for his floor without alerting anyone to his presence.
“I should really get home now. Thanks for the coffee, nerd.” She walks away without another word but from MJ’s attitude alone Peter is fairly certain he missed something.
Peter tells him about some of the homework they had to do and after a few more questions explains briefly about academic decathlon and what that involves.
Lunch is finished, everyone dispersing, Tony asks if Peter wants to join him in the workshop again but Peter declines, excusing himself to his room.
It takes a few weeks, but eventually things at school start to feel like they’re back on track again. People still stare and whisper, and more often than not Peter struggles to stay awake in class thanks to the constant nightmares, but there’s finally a small piece of his life that feels familiar again.
Steve rolls his eyes, clearly this is not what he had wanted Tony to say. “Peter, we want you to be comfortable here. I know how hard it can be to settle into a new environment, trust me on that one. It helps sometimes to have a space that is just yours. So that’s what we wanted to give you.”
Peter looks up to meet Ned’s concerned gaze. “That’s exactly why I can’t tell them. Tony and Steve would never let me be Spider-Man if they knew. I couldn’t put them through that stress.” Seeing the clear determination in his friend’s face Ned decides to drop the topic knowing that he won’t get anywhere.
He shrugs. “She didn’t really say anything, just that she was only going to go if someone asked her.” There’s a smattering of laughter around the table and Peter looks up to see everyone trying to contain themselves. “What?”
The workshop is anything but quiet yet Peter finds it an extremely peaceful place to be, something about the environment that Tony has created is very calming. Peter has been spending a lot of time in the workshop, in particular when his anxiety is bad, he’s discovered being in the space settles his nerves quiet significantly. Today is one of those days.
Under Tony’s gaze Peter suddenly doesn’t feel as confident as he did five minutes ago, which wasn’t very confident at all. “Erm, well… It’s just… I was wondering… Umm… Never mind it doesn’t matter.”
Ned arrives earlier than Harry does and quickly settles down on Peter’s couch with a can of soda to watch TV. Peter rolls his eyes good-naturedly at the puzzle that is his best friend, wondering to himself how it is possible that Ned is more comfortable in the Tower after only a few visits than he himself is when he’s the one who actually lives here.
“Any chance you could just call me Peter?” He asks jumping out of bed and heading towards the bathroom attached to the guest room.
“We were talking about the dance next week and then she just kinda got up and left.”
The pair launch into a conversation that involves a lot of enthusiastic hand waving and laughing.
“Peter! Oh, thank God. Are you okay? Where are you? Do you need us to come home?” Steve’s voice comes through clearly before Peter is even able to say hello.
They’re just about to turn down the street that the Tower stands on when Peter resolves to tell MJ what she’s about to walk into. “So, you know how I got adopted a few months ago?” MJ nods, her expression never giving anything away. “Well
With one last explosion the green-guy flies away. “We’ll meet again Spider-Man!”
Peter moves in a daze to sit down at the same dining room table he has sat at for months, across from other foster children who didn’t like him, and a couple who were supposed to care for him. Only this time it’s different. This time two of his childhood heroes are here in the flesh, apparently wanting to adopt him. The young boy didn’t think his life could have gotten any more bizarre after he was bitten by a radioactive spider, apparently, he was wrong.
The next day Peter wanders down to Tony’s workshop around midday, he’s been working on a new upgrade for Falcon and Peter’s been enjoying watching the genius work. He usually just perches on a stool near Tony and occasionally hands him screwdrivers or any other tool he requires.
“No, we haven’t. It’s a school night and we would never throw a party you couldn’t attend Peter.”
“Well I guess we know who his favourite Avenger is now.” Clint’s joking tone breaks Peter out of his trance as he turns to glare at the archer.
“I shouldn’t have said all of that. If you’re happy with MJ that’s all that matters.” His pleading eyes lock with Peter’s, and as always with Harry Peter finds himself entirely entranced.
Peter swings back home relatively early that night, landing on his bedroom floor with a soft thud. JARVIS tells him that leftovers have been kept for him in the common area fridge so after a quick change into some pyjamas Peter heads up.
“… we will care for him, the best we can…”
The adrenaline rush he has felt all afternoon and evening is almost addicting and Peter didn’t want to lose it again. He decided that the next night he’ll sneak out of his room and go on patrol, to test how it feels after so long. He’s already breaking rule three, why should he quit while he’s ahead?
“Out with-it kid. I promise it won’t be half as bad as the things I said to my old man when I was your age.” Tony smiles kindly at Peter attempting to put his son at ease.
The trio stand awkwardly at the edge of the crowd, neither one of them exactly what to do in this situation. Peter had been hoping Harry would stick around a bit longer, everything is so much easier with the other boy.
“GPA?”
After many reassurances to both of his guardians the trio set off for school, Tony driving.
“We had a bet on who would slip up first.” Tony pockets the bill his eyes shining with childish glee. “Steve thought his and Barnes’ long-standing bromance would prevail and eventually you’d give in and tell him. I on the other hand bet on Wilson’s never-ending stupidity.”
There’s something vaguely familiar about Harry but Peter can’t place what. That is until the teacher addresses the boy by his last name.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You’re okay Pete, we’re here. You’re not alone. That’s it, just breathe.” The boy makes eye contact with his adoptive father and the man gives him a nervous smile. “Alright bud? We’ve got ya. You’re okay.” It’s then that Peter recognises Steve’s strong and reassuring presence to his right, rubbing slow and calming circles into his back.
Michelle briefs the team on what she wants them to practice for the upcoming tournament, then asks Peter to follow her outside.
He really needs to apologise to Bucky. All the other man had been trying to do was help him feel comfortable being himself, of course he had been right all along, but Peter had been unwilling to admit it and he’d been awful to Bucky in the process.
The entire table is looking at him now, Tony and Bruce in particular are giving him looks akin to someone trying to peer into another person’s mind.
Peter spots the cause of the explosions easily from his vantage point. The flying Green-guy is back, and he seems intent on causing as much damage as possible.
Peter’s is frozen in complete shock, but Harry seems to have expected this as he opens his mouth to respond. “Sorry dad, can’t help it. I just love dick too much.”
Thankfully MJ had gotten bored and wandered off leaving just Ned and Peter to read the board in absolute shock. They turn to face each other slowly with twin looks of astonishment.
Peter rolls his eyes at this logic. “Ned she was the one asking us questions. I had to look at her.” MJ had stood at a makeshift podium taking on the role of question master in order to run drills with the team.
After breakfast the trio head out into the city. Peter meets Happy Hogan, a man he has seen in the press numerous times and who is just as grumpy in person as he appears to be in pictures. Tony and Steve have put on disguises, poor ones Peter muses to himself, but they want to do everything they can to make Peter feel comfortable so he appreciates their efforts to not get stopped by crowds everywhere they go.
Spider-Man is too unpredictable. Familiar, yes, but much more unpredictable than school. School has a routine; always starts at the same time, Peter knows which classes to go to and when, he knows the teachers and the students. It’s rare that anything changes at school, it’s a nice comfort. Being Spider-Man is unpredictable and dangerous in a way that school could never be.
“Tony.” Steve fixes his husband with an unimpressed look.
Sure, Harry looks great in his new suit, spinning around with glee to show Peter all of the different angles, but Peter didn’t grow up having the money to spend in places like Gucci and he doesn’t feel the need to start spending it just because he can. Plus, he’s fairly certain Harry could wear a second-hand suit from Goodwill and still look like he walked straight off of the pages of Vogue.
Anger at Bucky for putting ideas in his head and inserting himself into situations that don’t concern him.
I just also would like to say a big thank you to those of you who go out of their way to leave me comments on each chapter, I appreciate it more than you can know!
He almost escapes but Natasha appears and joins in, so for the next twenty minutes Peter is at the mercy of five super-heroes who coo over ‘how cute’ and ‘how dapper’ he looks. As if it couldn’t get any worse Bucky pipes up with another wicked grin and quite possibly the evilest question.
Peter’s adoptive father smirks at him. “You do now.” Tony produces a box that Peter hadn’t realised he had been holding from behind his back. It’s huge and Peter seriously doesn’t know how someone who is supposed to be as perceptive as he is didn’t notice it before.
It takes him a second to regain his composure, what an odd reaction to a smile, he thinks to himself. Shaking it off he responds. “Of course, it’ll be nice to have some company.”
Norman Osborn has just walked out onto the balcony; his face is bright red as he takes in the sight of the two boys pressed so close together. “Harold Osborn!” The furious man stalks towards the pair with an intensity Peter has never seen on a parent. “We spoke about this. This ridiculous behaviour was to stop when you came back here to live with me. I will not have a fag for a son! Do you hear me boy?”
“No, don’t go.” He pulls Harry back onto the couch. “I’ll reply later. It can wait.” Harry looks like he wants to protest so Peter pulls him into a quick kiss. “Please stay.”
Tony lays out the plans for Peter who is practically vibrating out of his seat in excitement. They hope to leave early tomorrow afternoon if everyone is ready to go by then. The husbands release the ball of energy that used to be their son as he says he wants to go back, but even as the elevator doors close they can hear him on the phone to Ned telling his best friend the exciting news.
“Yes, yes, yes! A thousand time yes!” The smaller boy throws himself at the two superheroes pulling them into a family hug. “This is so cool!” Tony smiles smugly at Steve over Peter’s shoulder, mouthing
Tony catches the lead singer with similar success, Captain America’s shield flies through the air towards the Green Goblin taking out one of the engines on his hover board. He veers off to the side struggling to stay in the air before giving up with a cry of anguish and flying away. The other man lets out a similar frustrated cry and flies off after his accomplice.
Natasha Romanov is many things, observant is probably at the top of that list. One thing that certainly is not appearing on that list is the ability to figure out Peter Parker.
Mrs. Warren chaps on the door lightly before entering the room. “Peter, this is Mr. Rogers and Mr. Stark. They wanted to meet with you and got in touch with me personally to do so.”
“Whoa! Peter, no, can’t we just go to the hospital or something? Can’t you phone your dads?”
Peter smothers a laugh and responds with similar excitement, less interested in the details of what happened to Michelle because, duh, he was there. He’s more interested to see if Ned knows anything about this new Green-Guy. Unfortunately, he doesn’t, only able to tell him some of what Peter already knows from first-hand experience.
“And who might that be?” Mr. Baker enquires.
It’s on his third hour of reading OSCORP experimentation journals which vaguely reference his dad that JARVIS helpfully suggests Peter asks Tony for help.
He pushes through the crowd of sweaty bodies dancing in the centre of the room and manages to make it out into the long hallway Harry had led him down the time Peter came here to study. The time they listened to music. That time Harry kissed him…
“Do you know how to dance Ace?”
Harry says nothing else for the rest of the journey, only saying a short goodbye as they part ways when they get off the train again.
The brunette pushes himself up into a sitting position and is thankful to find a fresh glass of water and two pain killers waiting for him. The pain killers won’t be of any great help, thanks to the enhanced metabolism, but they might take the edge off slightly. Peter’s not the biggest fan of his mutated abilities right now, they’ve screwed him a bit too much lately for his liking.
He had been nervous to reveal this to Steve and Tony, terrified they would react the say way as the Balers. But Peter is overwhelmingly happy to discover that the pair are nothing by sympathetic to his struggles, both of them struggling with similar issues.
“Thanks JARVIS.” If a few days ago someone had told Peter that he would be living in the Avengers tower and talking to an A.I. in the ceiling as if it wasn’t anything out of the ordinary he would never have believed them.
Natasha doesn’t say anything she just lifts Peter’s pant leg up far enough to view the injured area. After inspecting and prodding the area a few times she gets up to go to the bathroom and returns with a roll of bandages. Wordlessly she wraps Peter’s leg tightly and he instantly feels some of the pressure on his leg alleviate.
A loud crash wakes Peter from a deep sleep, he jolts up on high alert searching frantically for the source of the noise.
Peter wolfs down his sandwich in record time as Ned waits on baited breath to barrage the boy with questions. Peter can see the desperation clear in the other boys features and thanks the heavens once again for blessing him with Ned Leeds.
Not much, but it definitely moves. Peter feels it and hears the noise of it scratching against the glass table. He looks up and meets Thor’s eyes full of questions and confusion. He can feel Natasha’s familiar gaze trained on his back. Peter schools his expression quickly, desperately masking any surprise and let’s go of Mjolnir stepping back and raising his hands as if to say ‘knew it wouldn’t work’.
“Peter, I need you to come- What on earth are you doing!?” Mrs Warren stops in her tracks, taken aback by the sight of the teen crouched on the floor scrubbing bleach into the tiles.
“All that aside. Everything is all set up and ready to go, all we need is the go ahead from you Peter. We’re one hundred percent sure about this, but at the end of the day it’s your decision and we don’t want to pressure you into anything. But we would really love it if you said yes. Based off of everything we’ve seen, we think you’re a great kid Peter.” Steve smiles sincerely at him and Peter allows himself to return it.
“Is Bruce here?”
Tony flops down onto the couch on the other side of Peter from Steve and nods. “Makes sense for Bruce to be here because we work on projects together a lot, and because they finally got their acts together and became an official item Nat’s here much more often than she used to be. Which basically means hell for me because I now have two trained assassins creeping about my tower.”
“My dad always does this, says he’s sent a car for me but it never shows up when it’s supposed to. What good is having a driver if they can’t do their one job right?” With a chuckle the tension is lifted.
“Well I made plans to go to Ned’s to build his new X-Wing with him.” A small amount of worry settles in Peter. Why is Tony asking? Is it not okay for him to go? “But I can cancel if you need me to…”
“Someone’s having fun in the kitchen? Unheard of.” Tony walks in and wraps an arm around Steve’s waist. “So, I’m intrigued now, why was there fun being had?”
MJ nods. “Wouldn’t be here if it wasn’t. So…”
The boy shrugs. “I’m just used to it I suppose.” Peter wouldn’t be quick to admit it but he really does enjoy school, and even homework at times.
“Oberon and Titania.”
“You look like your dad.” Harry says over his shoulder.
Thor smirks at the man and places the hammer back onto the table. “Be my guest.” He gestures to the object with a humorous glint in his eye.
“Whatever man, the hammer’s not even that impressive. It’s all just a trick.” Clint voices from his space on the floor.
“It’s nothing honestly. Some kids were fighting, I tried to break it up and one of them hit me accidentally.” This seems to placate the men however now that the black eye is no longer an issue they get back to the drinking.
“Not the most social, is he?” MJ drawls as they watch Harry’s figure retreat from sight.
Eventually Tony and Steve let up on the mini-lecture, both heading off to bed so that, in the words of Steve, “we can be ready for your big day back at school tomorrow!” Steve asks him not to stay up too late and leaves with his husband.
He groans in frustration as his mind reels. The self-pity party gets cut short when his Spidey-senses tingle just before a massive explosion sounds to Peter’s right sending an entire apartment block up in flames.
“Oh good, you’re awake. Mrs. Warren will be here at ten, but Mr. Baker and I were wondering if we could speak to you before the other kids wake up.” Peter nods and rises from the bed to follow Mrs. Baker downstairs.
Over the past week Tony has been piecing together just how smart his adoptive son is. Obviously, he knows that the boy attends a school specifically tailored towards science and technology, that he has a high G.P.A, and conversations in the workshop recently have been clueing Tony in more and more. But even this admission shocks Tony.
Towards the end of dinner, when the debate has gone unresolved, the topic changes to where the two boys have been all day.
A police officer approaches them and Peter can hear him talking to Mr Palmer. “This is Peter? … And he knows that she didn’t make it? … Need him to come with us…” He can only make out parts of the conversation, but Peter figures that it isn’t good. The words ‘minor’ and ‘care-system’ are thrown around a few times and before long Mr. Palmer is trying to get his attention.
“Go and have fun kid, we’ll see you tomorrow.” He hugs each of his parents again and then leaves with a smile permanently etched on his face. Although it shouldn’t be possible, the smile grows a bit bigger again when Peter pulls out his phone to see a text from Harry:
Unfortunately, when the doors open to his floor Peter sees that Natasha is waiting for him.
“It’s a pleasure to meet you Mister Stark, thank you for having us over.”
Despite encouragement from everyone there all three of them refuse. Steve and Natasha say they’re simply not interested and Bucky says he’s still mildly freaked out by smartphones, so adding a magic hammer to the mix isn’t something he’s keen to do.
So, he finds the bar and asks the bartender to give him whatever she comes to first. He gulps down the liquid, ignoring the distinct burn at the back of his mouth. Now seems like as good a time as any to put that theory about his metabolism and alcohol to test.
“Hey miss, I’m here to help.” He approaches the woman slowly now, not wanting to startle her. She has a blanket wrapped tightly around her but Peter can clearly see her shaking in fear. “I promise I’ll get you out of here safely, you just need to come with me.”
Then to Peter’s utter embarrassment, and just as Ned predicted, he passes out again.
Now Peter doesn’t just have to get home, he also needs to hide a sprained ankle when he finally gets there, otherwise his deal with JARVIS is null and void.
“Good morning Peter.”
The movement is indirect enough that Peter could pass it off as nothing if Harry were to question it, but luckily, he doesn’t have to do that as the other boy places their palms together and intertwines their fingers in the space between them.
“So, your dad that’s named Steve, he’s…”
“Shut up and let us enjoy our dinner Legolas.” Tony ushers the three boys over to the table. “Band of idiots meet Ned and Harry.”
“We understand that you have been through a great deal of hardship in your life Peter. However, we want to make it clear that no amount of recklessness or poor behaviour will be tolerated here.” Mrs. Baker becomes very serious, fixing Peter with an intense stare. “You seem like a very polite young man, and I’ve been informed that you perform well at school. Our hope is that this continues. We have several rules here Mr. Parker and we expect them to be followed at all times. Is that clear?”
The sight that greets him when he reaches the apartment block knocks the air from his lungs.
The scene at Harry’s apartment doesn’t come remotely close to the words ‘small’ or ‘gathering’, it’s full on chaos.
As if reading his thoughts his phone beeps with a text from Harry asking what he’s doing. They text back and forth for a few minutes until Harry invites Peter over to his place because,
Someone clears their throat causing Peter to jump, he hadn’t even noticed someone else was out here. Not someone. Harry.
Peter is regaling the other boy with the story of Ned’s reaction and laughing hysterically as they step out of the elevator onto his floor.
“Why must you hurt me like this Rhodey? Be nice and say hello to your nephew.”
With a quick goodbye to them both Peter gets into the elevator and leaves into the streets of New York through the tower’s main entrance.
Peter pulls on his arm to bring them to a stop. “You need to come as well, I can’t leave you here. What if he hurts you?”
Peter’s frown deepens. To his knowledge the only person on the team with his number was Ned, and he definitely hasn’t given it to anyone considering he and Ned tend to stick to themselves during practices. Which, upon reflection, is pretty rude and they should probably start talking to their teammates, but that’s beside the point. He decides to reply simply asking who is texting him, and also sends a text to Ned to see if his best friend has given anyone his number.
“Before we leave, Peter we just want you to remember that if for any reason you need to come home early, if it does get to be too much or if someone is giving you trouble all you need to do is give me, Tony, or Happy a call and someone will come and get you right away. Okay?” Steve smooths down Peter’s hair and looks into his eyes, conveying that he means every word. Peter believes him.
The pout l eases up slightly. “Still though. Please tell me you haven’t met him yet Peter, I think I’d die from jealousy if you had met him too.” Peter assures Ned that he hasn’t met Spider-Man.
The first thing that had alerted her to something strange going on with Steve and Tony’s son was that night in the kitchen. The boy was very clearly limping in an attempt to avoid putting weight on his foot, Natasha could admit that he was doing a decent job of hiding it and to any untrained eye nothing would’ve appeared out of place.
The whole situation last night should probably be filling him with anxiety right about now. What does Natasha know and why isn’t she saying anything? But those are the least of Peter’s concerns. Monday morning means school, and school means seeing Harry.
Mr. Stark looks at him with something akin to sympathy in his eyes. “You know who we are, correct?” Peter nods quickly. “So, then you’ll know that our jobs are dangerous, and sometimes the things we get involved in tragically result in other people, innocent people, getting hurt.” Peter’s a bit unsure where Mr. Stark is going with this, but nevertheless he listens intently. “Peter, five months ago we became aware that someone has been selling powerful weapons on the black market. Weapons created using alien tech from the battle in New York.”
“Did you see that fight on the news a few nights ago? It was insane dude! Right outside of Oscorp too. Do you know anything about it Harry?”
.’ “I really hope this surprise involves food of some sort, I’m starving.”
“Sorry we interrupted kid, were you busy?” Tony approaches the work station and leans over Peter’s shoulder to read the screen. “The Bugle really has it in for that poor guy don’t they?” The boy nods in agreement as Tony continues reading. “I heard about this new idiot on the hover board. Rhodey didn’t you say something about this Goblin freak?”
Throughout the duration of this conversation Ned’s head is whipping all over the place, trying to make sense of what is happening. “Hang on, did you just say Tony and Steve?”
Oh. Peter sees it now, that makes perfect sense. He groans into his pasta bowl. “I am such an idiot.”
The pair are waiting for him smiling like the cat who got the cream. Bucky shoots him a sympathetic smile as Tony and Steve begin a barrage of questions.
Bucky’s flesh hand comes to rest around Peter’s shoulders. “Well if they do start driving you crazy, and trust me they will eventually, you can always come and find me. I’m basically like your uncle now considering Stevie’s my brother.” Steve smiles at the pair, his eyes conveying both immense happiness and something akin to sadness at the same time.
Harry nods. “I was actually there, and prepare for insane jealousy Ned, I got to meet your favourite spandex wearing Super-Hero.”
Everything descends into further chaos from there, Peter’s problem all but forgotten. However, he is mildly relieved as he doesn’t think they were getting very far with the issue anyway.
Content warning: Homophobic slurs, specifically the F word, and implied child abuse/violence against a minor by a parent (not their own).
Harry and Ned visit the tower at the weekend, and Bucky and Sam notice something between Peter and Harry that neither boy has even realised yet.
“I don’t like those people Steve.”
“Everything okay Peter?” Steve breaks off from his conversation with Sam looking concerned. The boy tries to soften his features to no avail, painfully aware of the scowl that is currently etched there.
In all honesty Peter is bored.
The other boy looks like he wants to take Peter up on his offer to bail but quickly steals himself. “I’ll stay, you’re my best friend… and someone has to be here when you pass out again. What do you need me to do?”
“About to get luckier if you keep that up.”
Peter laughs the man off and feigns innocence about the whole situation, desperately hoping the whole topic will be dropped. Thankfully Tony chooses that moment to walk back into the room, hanging up a call as he walks.
“So, tell me all about your wild night. Who broke up? Who hooked up? Did someone spike the punch?” He stumbles over to the sink, letting Tony’s words wash over him, totally blinded by his desperate need for a glass of water.  “Peter?” Tony gets up from his seat leaving whatever he was doing on his tablet (probably work) on the sofa. “Are you okay kid?” Watching Tony’s expression morph from confusion, to concern, to angry and back to concern when he finally sets his eyes on the boy is really something to behold. It also confirms Peter’s suspicions as to just how awful he looks right now.
“Have you got much homework to do tonight?” Harry asks once they are situated on the train.
“Okay, just tell me where you are and I’ll do my best to get you back on track.”
“Erm. No, I don’t think so. I believe that decision is one only my husband and I can make. So now, if you could do what you’re supposed to do and go and get Peter for us. Thanks.” Peter’s eyes widen at the way this man is able to put the Bakers in their place. These people must be serious about adopting him if they aren’t put off by the attempt to persuade them otherwise.
Sam and Bucky are sitting casually on his couch when the boy steps out onto his floor. “Hey Pete.” Sam greets him as if it is a common occurrence to find the pair here and not the last thing Peter was expecting.
Closing his eyes and taking a deep breath Peter faces the reality of what he needs to do. “It’s broken. I’m gonna need to reset it.”
Natasha has witnessed enough that she could very easily guess that he’s Spider-Man. He really shouldn’t have let her get to him earlier in the gym. He figured out quickly what she was trying to do and instead of giving up he had experienced an intense need to prove himself. Sitting here now under her withering gaze he doesn’t feel quite as confident as he had earlier.
Apparently, Harry had started sending people along to his house before he had even left the school grounds, so when they finally arrive there are at least a hundred people already wandering around dancing and drinking. The apartment is certainly big enough to hold this many people but Harry has hired a DJ to play and the flashing lights on the DJ stand make the space feel a lot smaller than it actually is.
