“Agent Carter?” he asks. She says nothing, instead slipping an envelope into his hand.
Tony cringes slightly, his oldest friend’s justified anger making him guilty.
He didn’t.
Howard’s healthy tan face turns white, and he looks just like someone in episodes of
to go along with that swatch of color on their wrist.
laugh;
Steve winces slightly; Winnie Barnes’ hot temper is notoriously famous in Brooklyn Heights. She has scolded many a kid
But sees blankness instead.
He stares down at his Markless wrist, imagining the myriad of technicolor that could appear on his skin at literally any given moment, and wondering which one he would prefer to have to look at for the rest of his days. But looking down at his wrist and trying to decide which color he’d want is like trying to imagine what the actual color of those stained glass windows were back when he was colorblind--he knows it's something he can't comprehend. Even though he’s attracted to men, and is more than aware of the looks he gets in his new body from
Tony honest to God has to think back on it - and draws a blank.
bedroom.
He blinks a few times, but the spot stays on Jarvis’s wrist. Anthony pinches his eyebrows together and squints at it - it’s green, but not as dark as the spot he was seeing before.
Momma turns all the way around in her seat until she’s facing Anthony. Her lilypad green eyes are serious, dark blond eyebrows going upwards, and pink lipstick perfectly drawn on her lips. One of her golden earrings catches in the light and it momentarily shines in Anthony’s eyes, making him squint up at her.
An image flashes through his head: a red gloved hand, a gentle grip on his chin, and a pair of determined eyes looking at him.
, Steve realized--with some sadness on her face. Granny McDonald gave her hand a comforting squeeze before letting go of both of them.
Howard!”
Tony hardly thinks it’s fair that Rhodey gets to scream and shout at him while all he’s allowed to do is lay back and take it. It’s all well and good for
His body heaves as he spews chunks of what may have or may not have been nachos and cheese, and a yellowish looking liquid that makes Tony think
Bucky hadn’t liked the concept of soulmates to begin with; he never understood why the Mark taken so seriously in the first place, or why it should dictate a person’s happiness. In a way, Peggy shares the same sentiment. It’s as she’d said: Marks aren’t like fairy godmothers, they can’t be relied on to solve anything.
outside
to get away; he couldn't bare to spend the week like he'd planned stuck at the mansion with his family, especially not with the tension between his Aunt Peggy and Good Ol’ Dad so thick in the air Tony could choke on it.
Before Anthony can respond, the doctors reach the doors where his guardians can’t follow, and he’s reminded of the urgency of his situation; that he has a bomb in his body that’s ready to explode. He watches as the three most important people in his life disappear behind the metal of a door that slowly swings shut after the foot of the bed has passed through.
Steve clasped his hands over his bent knees, pausing in his whittling. “She does, doesn’t she?” Steve asked. “Too bad she’s English.” He said with such seriousness that Bucky laughed.
“No,” Aunt Peggy corrects, “he thinks his soulmate is Steve Rogers
“Y-yes, Ana,” Anthony says, gulping. “I’ll be out in a minute.”
good. She also said that she’d be at his party on Saturday and Anthony is so so
Damn it, he groans in frustration, it’s
The ambulance people let Aunt Pegs ride with Anthony to the hospital, and Jarvis and Ana follow closely behind in one of Howard’s cars. Once they arrive it’s all a whirlwind of activity - he’s rushed in on the stretcher with Aunt Peggy running at his side.
doesn’t believe the memories he has of the situation. How can he expect his best friend - his
After five or six fingers of the stuff, trying to preserve the liquor for as long as possible, he stares listlessly at the ash in the air as it dances around the green liquor bottle, waiting for the alcohol to take effect. He takes another shaky breath, beginning to feel the drink. Steve becomes aware of the blood rushing through his veins, the alcohol travelling to his brain, making him feel light-headed and flushed. Steve looks down at his hands, his vision going hazy. He quirks a smile.
he panics, biting his lip.
Tony thinks,
- he can walk around. But Tony’s strictly confined to his hospital bed, dressed in an uncomfortable gown, lying underneath starchy sheets and an itchy cream blanket.
Steve nodded, not sure what this had to do with him, especially not now after...just after.
“Hello,” he says to Anthony, quietly and what seems to Anthony like uncertainty - which is
“I didn’t know that!” Tony exclaims, cutting his friend off.
, neither gave him the time of day--what had bothered him was was that they were Markless. Before Bucky had shipped out, Steve and him would always get into an argument over it.
One of the doctors comes back into the room, and quickly explains - in small words that make Anthony frown in offense - what they’re going to do. Soon more doctors file in, fluttering around the room like sea green butterflies as they go about their tasks. They lower Anthony’s bed, so that he’s lying flat on his back and staring up at the bright fluorescent lights. They wheel him out into the hospital hallway, where he’s pushed past Aunt Pegs and the Jarvises.
“The date for your and Carter’s wedding,” Bucky said, a gleam of mischief in his eyes.
Steve is getting so sick of hearing that.
“Why should a
They had been sitting side-by-side, talking about nothing until a comfortable silence settled over them. As Steve was whittling something from a stick with his pocketknife, Bucky spoke up again from his sprawl on the dusty earth.
“What’s your name, son?” the hero asks, his right arm draped over his knee and eyes meeting Anthony’s.
“Oh, Tony,” Jarvis whispers with so much sadness in his voice that it leaves Anthony very confused. Jarvis wraps his arms around him, holding Anthony tightly against his chest.
Anthony stares back down at the Mark. It’s like a glob of paint, but doesn’t have any cracks or peels where normally paint would start to wear away; it doesn’t even show skin through it! It’s like a giant mole on Jarvis’s skin that happens to be warm green, with flecks of blue and a swirl of yellow added in. Anthony furrows his eyebrows as he stares down at the color in concentration; he's seen it before, but he can’t remember where…
“Yes.”
Jarvis chuckles, but doesn’t pull away. Instead he leans forward, his head bowed like they’re sharing a secret. “Because the veins in your left arm lead up to your heart, it’s theorized that your soulmate will also be the one to have your heart.”
“Anthony?” Ana asks, her gentle accented voice muffled by the heavy wood. “Are you awake?”
he thinks, satisfied.
“Oof!” She grunts eloquently as she catches him; wrapping him up completely in both arms. “Tony!” She exclaims with a bright grin as she lowers him to the ground, kneeling down in front of him, her brown eyes shining.
“I’m…” He gulped, his throat working with the effort to form words. “I’m queer, Buck,” he said at last, closing his eyes and letting the words go, and with them the heavy burden of holding them in. “I like men.”
Anthony,” Momma soothes, her hand sliding down her seat to touch his hand. “One day, they’ll know. But for now they can’t know because it’s classified.”
“Tony!”
Once there’s a lapse in spewing, Tony spits into the toilet with disgust at the whole situation. He manages - barely - to lift his cheek off the lip of the toilet and turn his head to look at his companion. The voice turns out to belong to a black guy - older than him, probably in his twenties - the sides of his head shaved and a small afro of hair above his forehead. He’s wearing a red jacket, obviously trying to look like Michael Jackson in that one video. He has a hand on Tony’s shoulder.
So now Anthony sits and waits. He doesn’t really understand why he’s here at all. Last night he had been on another mission with Steve, looking for a jewel that could turn back time, and it had gone successfully. He had gone to bed last night and was in the middle of sleeping when Howard’s shouting woke him up. He doesn’t understand
of all people an elegant brush off, he’d never been able to let Steve hear the end of it.
Steve,” her voice cracking on the word. “Losing you isn’t going to be like losing a ruddy hair pin. You are
Steve takes a shuddering breath, before taking another drink.
her?!”
, and so much has changed. Whenever I tried to work on this chapter, nothing felt right and I'd be forced to put it back down again. It's only with hindsight I know that the stars were not in position. Finally this chapter's done and I can move on to the next portion of this story!
He looks away.
Which it doesn’t. Not anymore anyway.
He rushes ahead, shield strapped to his arm, and eyes focused forward. The soul band around his wrist scrapes underneath his red glove, making him all too aware of the adrenaline racing through his veins. He has to make sure no one is in the burning building. As he approaches the building, he slows. The roof is gone, and the walls have fallen, but the remains are still smoking. The fire burnt itself out a long time ago.
There’s a pinched look that comes over Cap’s face, like he’s been hurt. It confuses Anthony for a moment just before the hero says, “Happy Birthday” with a shaking smile.
Steve was confused at the conversation starter, but he couldn’t help but feel bad for the Londoners. “I’m sorry to hear that,” he said with sincerity. “Were there any casualties?”
He looks up from his pants and sees a very large man standing next to the hutch, holding one of the black-and-white pictures in his hand. Anthony blinks, surprised that he hadn’t even heard the door open, or the man’s big boots squeak on the polished floor. His brow furrows in confusion. He
Jarvis stares down at him, and Anthony tries very hard not to squirm.
“I had to go to the bathroom. I didn’t want to wake anyone up, besides I didn’t need help to go,” Anthony explains quietly, as Jarvis helps him into his huge bed.
He breathes out a sigh of relief. “Stay on the line?” he asks, begs. “Please?” He’s proud that his voice doesn’t even crack.
“You’re ‘bout three years too late wif that jacket,” he raspily informs his bathroom mate.
to break the silence.
fault he got sick! “I slept enough at the hospital already! I don’t
The morning of his birthday party, Anthony wakes up early.
“Thanks, Jarvis,” Anthony replies, stretching a little, before wincing with a new pain in his tummy. Aunt Pegs gives him an apologetic smile, one corner of her mouth lifting slightly before it’s gone.
,” Momma says in relief, leaning forward to grip his tiny hand in hers. Howard gives a disapproving frown from behind her, but he plasters on another one of his fake smiles when he catches Anthony looking at him. The hardness in his eyes remain.
He laughs. “S’okay,” he assures, patting Tony on the shoulder. “I’m not in a hurry to get back out there.”
“Jarvis, what’s that?” he asks, pointing a finger; momentarily distracted from his mission, and leaving Cap alone in the wild blue jungles of the strange new world.
Once they made it back to London, and Steve had seen to it personally that Zola was in the hands of the SSR, he decided the team needed a break. He called a meeting and simply sent them all on leave to get their heads on straight.
Steve rolled his eyes and smiled, his knife making a
Anthony nods immediately, staring intently at Cap’s face.
But of all the things Steve learned about Peggy, he never in a million years expected her to be Markless. She always wears a wristwatch in place of the customary soul bands, but on one occasion when he was down and had confessed to her that he was nearly twenty-five and still didn’t have a Mark, she had stared at him a while, a pensive expression on her face. Then she wordlessly took off her watch and showed him her wrist.
“I never said that, Buck,” Steve said in exasperation. “I said I see your point in Markless people finding happiness in each other, and that
He keeps walking. He doesn’t care where, just away. He lets his thoughts wander, as he passes familiar streets and strangers straggling out in the grim daylight. He’s never thought of London as a home, Brooklyn will always be his home. But after being transferred out here, the city had almost felt comforting and familiar after being away so long in the fight. Coming back to London after being gone for months at a time, felt almost as good as coming home to his Ma after a long day of doing everything and nothing with Bucky. That’s how it had felt now during the war: that they were doing what they always did, only this time with guns and destruction instead of sticks and baseballs.
“Oh,” Anthony says, eyes wide, drawing out the word until he looks away.
Anthony grits his teeth against another stab in his tummy. “M’kay.”
There were no objections. Everyone went their separate ways, each of the Commandos looking weary and ragged, like they could fall dead asleep where they stood. Before they left, each of them came over to Steve and paid their respects. They either gave him a squeeze on the shoulder, or a pat on his back, accompanied with a sad smile, but never said a word. They didn’t have to. He’s grateful to them for it.
He sobers suddenly at the thought of them listening to him describe days like yesterday: standing in the church, picking up pieces of charred wreckage to look for survivors, and in the end finding only a ghost of a town. Even the thought of them knowing that on his travels, he is constantly witnessing the destruction caused by war. His chest aches; they would have been saddened by this war. It’s best they’re gone now, he reasons, then they don’t have to see what the world’s become.
excited! Even though Jarvis said his parents won’t be back from their trip in time, he’s still happy.)
It felt like his insides had been cut loose, and they had fallen to his feet in a heap. Steve couldn’t breathe, and for a moment it was like he was asthmatic again: struggling to draw in air. It took all his focus to stay standing upright instead of falling to the ground. He took a deep breath. “How bad?” he croaked, his fists clenched at his side to ground him.
Honestly he doesn’t know why he expected this time to be any different.
There’s a short pause, Cap’s hand still rubbing up and down along Anthony’s small back. He feels a light, soft pressure on his forehead that’s nice before it’s gone. “ ’S nice.” He murmurs drowsily.
queer.
want you to die now,” Steve ordered, his voice brooking no argument while inside he was panicking at Johnson’s lax expression. “Don’t you
Steve smiled at him gratefully before turning away. They sat in silence for a long time, just sitting there and watching the stars.
“Yeah,” Tony says with a sniffle. He can feel Rhodey rubbing circles into his back. “Knowing my luck, mine would hate sex.”
Once he’s dressed, Anthony stumbles down the corridor of the mansion until he makes his way into the foyer. He places a hand on the rough floral wallpaper for balance, his other hand pressing against his side. He keeps his eyes to the floor, watching where he steps in case he trips on the rug or stumbles.
And immediately zeroes in on Rhodey.
to get sick,” Anthony whispers sleepily to his feet, swaying forward slightly as his sense of balance becomes compromised. “I didn’t
“Two people who are meant for each other,” Jarvis answers readily.
being Markless?”
Bucky would grouse the entire time they were there, but he never left Steve’s side even when Steve reassured him that it wouldn’t matter if he went away. By the time Steve finished his sketches, Bucky would always be impressed by the results of Steve’s labor. Steve had been young, and untrained, but after a few years of visiting the different churches in Brooklyn, and sketching each glass window, each pew and altar, he developed an eye for detail and a strong desire to accurately capture the aesthetic and layout of everything he saw.
Steve wasn’t naive: he knew how queers were looked down upon, and treated, especially in his neck of the woods. But no matter how hard he tried in the beginning to banish the images of men from his head, and think about girls in the same context that he thinks of men, it was
It took Peggy Carter punching Hodges in the face on the first day of basic training for Steve to finally begin to understand what Bucky meant. Steve had been impressed by everything she did during Basic. Even while being stationed in London after he quit his bond-selling days, as Steve got to know her better, he had more and more cause to admire Agent Carter. He’s continually inspired by her displays of ferocity, the dangerous glint in her eye whenever anyone gives her shit sends shivers running down his spine. His knees get weak at her sharp mouth and her shrewd mind. On the whole, Peggy Carter makes him feel awed and terrified of her all at once.
“Is that your best impression of a fish, Rogers?” She’d asked with some amusement as she put her wristwatch back on.
“And they
He blinks and squints his eyes hard. He scans everything in the mansion’s kitchen, trying to get the spot to go away and leave him and his Captain America action figure alone.
The guy frowns, his full lips pulled downwards into a pout and furrows appearing in his forehead. “Fuck you man, Michael never goes out of style,” he says, big eyes that are like rich soil after a rainstorm evaluating Tony.
He doesn’t dare to smell the air again to check for the telltale sign of an incoming storm, for fear of taking another wiff of charred wood, hair,
“Do you remember anything?”
Homes are a pile of bricks on the ground, storefronts are blasted out onto the street, the cobbled road is littered with giant holes. Steve takes a deep steadying breath, feeling disoriented. It’s like being back out on the front again: the familiar sight of burnt buildings and smelling the charred remnants of brick and plaster in his nose that he had become accustomed to. But experiencing it in London? It’s almost like two memories overlapping each other, creating an alternate reality.
kept their names secret. “Yes,” he answers.
“M’kay, Jarvis,” Anthony muffles against his chest. He puts his small arms as far as they can stretch around Jarvis’s waist and they stay like that for a long time.
“They were
Steve can see the smoke from a mile away.
Bucky’s blue eyes had been the last thing Steve saw as he watched, helpless, as his friend fell into the ice below.
“Maybe if you
I'm so so
. And that there’s no trace of him left. Every sign of Bucky’s life--in photographs, in Steve’s sketches, in his letters--all of it is just
Scattered memories of the two of them: holding hands, Jarvis giving Ana flowers, kisses exchanged and wrists touched briefly flick through his head before they’re gone just as quick, and Tony feels numb.
For Steve, it’s not about having a Perfect Person Meant For Him to spend his life with, but a partner. Someone who will always be in his corner; have his back and support him through thick and thin. Someone who won’t flounder at the sight of him because he’s Captain America, nor flinch at being around danger all the time--because Steve’s life
The doctors come in to check on Anthony one last time.
It isn’t exactly normal being Markless, especially at his age. In fact, it’s a topic people just don’t talk about, given that anyone over the age of sixteen--the socially acceptable age difference between soulmates--and
“Don’t make promises you can’t keep,” she told him firmly, her Hungarian accent crisp and clear.
These days, sleep comes harder to Steve than it used to.
“Quite, Anthony,” he says fondly and it makes Anthony preen at the praise.
anything,” Bucky huffed in amusement. Steve smiled despite himself.
His right hand travelled to his left side, towards his left wrist where it wrapped around his gray Mark possessively.
“You’re
Anthony’s eyes grow at the fact that
Steve was silent as he mulled this over. “But someone who could love you unconditionally? Doesn’t that--”
“Sorry,” Tony says, expelling a breath. “I just - I don’t remember anything else.”
“We brought Zola in. Our job is done,” he had said. “Now we just have to let the SSR’s intelligence agents do theirs and figure out where Schmidt is and what his plans are.”
Steve gave a sigh of relief. “Oh.”
Now he hates the shield. He hates the burden of it. He hates that he’ll never be done. He curses what he’s done to himself; that he boxed himself into a corner by his own sense of duty and responsibility. He’s given this one chance to be
“That’s all that means, honey,” Sarah cut in with a small smile, turning back to him. “Anyone without a Mark just means their soulmate hasn’t been brought onto this Earth yet.”
“I’m not going to be able to,” he interrupts, his voice desperate for her to listen as he squints into the sunset. “If I don’t get this plane into the water, a lot of people are going to die.”
“It’s just easier to keep it on.” He finally decides, his shoulders hunched and everything inside him tensing, ready for anything.
He pouts as he’s asked a gazillion and one questions, Momma and Ana and Jarvis at his sides. Ana asks if Anthony’s okay to eat birthday cake, but the doctors inform her that
It takes so much effort for Steve to hold back his tears. He folds the letter carefully, and places it into a pocket on the hip of his Captain America uniform, straightens his back and walks out of the War Room, after the Commandos.
could.
A poster of Captain America hangs on the wall. His favorite hero is running, draped in red, white and blue, a bright orange explosion behind him.
Anthony’s heart feels like it’s stopped in his chest. His mouth drops open in complete surprise, breathless at the thought of going on an adventure with Cap. Quickly, before his hero gets the wrong idea, he nods eagerly and practically lunges to take Cap’s hand; his big fingers gently close around Anthony’s small hand.
Steve has gotten so many condolence letters, he could paper his old bedroom in Brooklyn with them. He thinks he’s gotten more now than he ever did when his Ma died. They all start off the same.
“Haven’t you noticed that about ninety percent of the student population don’t wear soul bands?” asks Rhodey.
But thinking about the future he could have had with this wonderful woman only brings him back around to his soulmate, the soulmate that had never come. All his life, he’d thought of soulmates as the final puzzle piece that completes a person, when maybe that just isn’t the case. He had thought that soulmates were like a pair of trousers that were tailor-made to fit someone, but when he thinks about it now, that isn’t ever what he’s wanted out of true love.
sacrifice myself just so that you could die at twenty-one over something so stupid!” the man’s voice snarls. But then his voice warps, changing in pitch, becoming higher.
“Why?”
“It’s very important, and only a very special person can do the job,” he says very seriously, his barely-visible eyebrow lifts underneath his helmet. “Think you can do it?”
His ears perk up when he hears the doctor mention his name.
All eyes turn to him.
mope,” Bucky said bumping his shoulder against Steve’s playfully.
“Peggy?” he asks, his heart nearly sinking.
now - that’s practically an adult! He can go to the bathroom by himself; he isn’t a baby.
He was just preparing to leave when Peggy stopped him in his tracks.
- before he finally relents, nodding.
the striped wallpaper. There are wrapped presents, big and small, scattered around the room that make it look a lot smaller than it did before he went into surgery.
Rhodey chuckles, his hand changing directions. “There are worse things,” he murmurs, giving Tony a squeeze.
There’s a comfortable silky sensation that’s wrapped around him but it doesn’t block out the cold air, and there’s something hard underneath his head. It feels entirely too different from where he just was, where everything was toasty warm and comfy, and where he felt safe in Cap’s arms. He opens his eyes.
doesn’t even cover the amount of pain and suffering and death he sees each day.
Steve looked around the medical tent to make sure no one had heard, but all the attendants were busy trying to save lives and didn’t care about the admission Johnson had made.
“Steve’s my best friend,” Anthony told him simply, “he’s the best person I know apart from Jarvis and Aunt Pegs.” As he said this, he held his Captain America action figure tightly.
He remembers that night he recruited the Commandos vividly: the haze of cigarette smoke thick in the air, bodies so close to each other it generates a heat, the smell of beer and ale and gin, the frivolity in the music. The atmosphere was warm and golden from the lamplight.
“Yeah,” Anthony said with confusion. “Steve is Captain America.”
Howard cries, waving his arms. Some of his drink splashes on the carpet, but he doesn’t notice in his incredulity. “He’s a
“So?” Rhodey finally asks, after a bit of silence has passed. Tony chews on his bottom lip, his hand travelling to cover his wrist, the black bracelet feels rough against his fingertips.
“She was in her home, on a warm summer’s day, and there, reading at the fire, was a young woman she had known long ago. But this young woman had died when they were both young. Joanna, coming out of her vision, told others what she had seen. One man didn’t believe her, but when she touched his hand, Joanna had another vision.
Tony remembers, vaguely, of seeing that same color on a wrist, and a conversation at a kitchen table in a brightly lit room.
“Oh.” He coughed again, falling into another fit. Once he fell silent, his patient mother continued.
“Tony, what happened to you?” asks the man quietly, but his lips don’t match up with the words. Tony’s eyelids feel heavy, and he wants to sink back down into sleep.
“You did - ” Rhodey blinks at him like he was just slapped across the face, and there’s hurt and betrayal in his eyes. The look makes Tony’s stomach churn before it’s immediately replaced with burning rage. “What did you think was gonna happen when you mixed
the radio croons softly.
The waiting room outside the doctor’s office has a floral wallpaper pattern.
has to finish. He’s never resented being Captain America; not really anyway. Throughout the USO show, he’d...grudgingly tolerated his “title”. He felt silly doing the song and dance number, and everyone slinging the name around as though it meant something; Peggy got it right when she’d asked if being a trained monkey was his only other option to being studied in a lab. It wasn’t until he rescued Bucky and the rest of 107th that he realized that he could use the name. He could turn Captain America into something he could be proud of; a tool to be used to stand for something.
They didn’t even known Bucky. To them he’s just a name, a pal of Captain America’s. A character in a comic book. Not a living, breathing person who had crippling moments of self-doubt, stubborn opinions about Markless people, devotion to his sisters and mother, and unwavering loyalty to his friends.
Then, like a button being pressed inside his brain, a dozen memories flash through his mind: a skinned knee and a chocolate chip cookie in an afternoon lit kitchen, nightmares in the early cold dawn, beach-side resorts, countless vacation homes in Paris, Switzerland, Greece, Spain, and Italy. A birthday spent in the hospital with the promise to talk more in the morning.
“Not attract--” Bucky sputtered, as though the very idea were impossible. “Why not?” He asked, offended on Peggy’s behalf. “What’s wrong with her? Don’t you
His grip on the controller never wavers. He wonders at his soulmate’s future. At the future they’ll have without him.
he had asked, his startling blue eyes meeting Tony's. Crystal clear blue, with a ring of indigo on the outside, and the smallest flecks of green, his brain helpfully supplies. The knot of nervousness he felt at meeting Captain America, and the gradual ease as they became comfortable with each other.
“No,” he replies, shaking his head. “I’ve had, maybe four cigarettes in my life.” She nods and writes down his answer.
No matter how he looks at it, in the end Steve always loses. He can’t see a solution where he and his soulmate would be happy, even in his musings. He would be uncomfortable either way.
“Then why don’t you--” Bucky started, but Steve cut him off before he could finish that sentence.
“Master Anthony?”
Steve groaned. “Buck, we’re not like that! We’re not--”
This had caught the doctor’s attention. “I see you have a Captain America doll there,” he said, pointing. Anthony nodded. “Do you like Captain America?”
play matchmaker for me?” Bucky always asked angrily. “If I find a good gal, who doesn’t have a Mark like me--why should we
The doctor’s watching him, waiting for a response, and he doesn't even remember the question.
He can’t be still as Ana helps him dress in clothes that Jarvis had gotten from the mansion - he’s just so excited to leave! When he’s all ready, he takes Aunt Peggy and Momma’s hands in his own and they walk him out of the hospital. Howard, Jarvis, and Ana trail behind them. Anthony has a big smile on his face as he walks with his Momma and Aunt in tow out into the nearly deserted parking lot. They look on in tired amusement, shoulders slumping forward slightly and eyelids half open.
“But nobody else does!” he shouts, clutching his toy. “He did so much good for them! Aunt Peggy always says so!”
Anthony glances around the room, an idea forming in his brain. He sees more posters of Cap; in each one he’s in a different action pose, shield on his arm and a myriad of colors around him. Anthony fidgets as more and more evidence begins to point to his idea being correct. There’s another glass display case that faces the entrance of the room, it’s taller than Anthony can ever reach - it almost touches the ceiling! - with dozens and dozens of toys inside.
At each blinding blue light that flashes and every whine of a Hydra weapon that’s starting up, his stomach lurches. He hopes that the Commandos will be safe, that Howard and Peggy and even Colonel Philips won’t be taken out by a blue blast of light, and that every acquaintance he was forced to make while at Fort Lehigh will make it out okay.
“Once upon a time,” she started again. “A long time ago, in Jerusalem, which is far, far away from here, and covered with sand and so so hot; a young woman named Joanna had been washing her clothes in the village’s well when she found a gray spot on her left wrist that hadn’t been there before. She scrubbed and scrubbed and scrubbed, but no matter how hard she tried, the spot wouldn’t come off her skin. Then she had a vision.
“Cap, we gotta get going,” Bucky says, interrupting Steve’s thoughts. Bucky’s boots crunch loudly on the splintered wood as he navigates his way towards Steve.
he is Markless. Steve, in his worst moments of self-pity, can’t help but be jealous of his fellow soldiers that have gray marks. Despite losing their soulmates, they had
Steve hunkers down further in his seat, crossing his arms over his chest and resting his head against the truck. The landscape is beautiful, and reminds him of the paintings he’d seen in books about the Louvre. The only sort of landscape he’d been able to practice drawing when he had been younger had been the packed and crowded neighborhood of Brooklyn Heights. He has to admit, looking back, that there had been points of interest in those works: a clothesline with drying white sheets and shirts and socks, the old men with their push carts, fishmongers working the oyster food stalls. He remembers the bustle and noise and the awful smell of Brooklyn and smiles, missing his home so hard there’s an ache in his chest.
Anthony blinks. He owns Captain America comics, a few toys and even has posters, not to mention different pairs of pajamas with his hero printed on them. He’s drawn countless pictures of himself and Cap battling Hydra Nazi bastards and fighting bad guys. But he’s never noticed how
that the man wasn’t there before, but he can’t think of how he wouldn’t have noticed the man entering the room.
If it helps, Tony's up next.
Howard had even started shouting at Momma, but this morning his mother had come into his room and told him they were all going for a drive. They drove him to an old building and that’s when he met the doctor. Anthony had tried to explain he was feeling fine, but nobody would listen and he still doesn’t get why he’s here.
“Wha’s with the disgust?” asks Tony, before he shakes his head. “Wha’ver man. I’ve sucked enough of your guys’s dicks to know y’don really care whose lips are on your cocks, s’long as I don’t talk to you tomorrow - ”
“Steve, are you alright?” Peggy asked, placing a concerned hand on his arm.
thing,” dares Tony.
“When’s the last time you left the science labs, Tones?” asks Rhodey with an amused shake of his head. “There’ve been student demonstrations for
“Howard,” Aunt Peggy says in her Very Serious Conversation Voice. “You remember. I know you do. Tony
he wants to say, but instead replies, “It was warm. Like getting into a bath that’s the right temperature - comfortable.”
“Anthony,” she says gently, as she takes a seat on his bed beside his knees. He lifts his eyes up to her face, knowing that when she uses his full name, it means that the conversation they will have is Serious and that he needs to listen. Despite the pain, he’s determined to obey.
“What’s wrong?” Cap asks, frowning in confusion. “Don’t you want it?”
He blinks again, but just blinking isn’t enough to make them disappear - it’s like staring at the fucking sun; the spots are burned into his retinas and aren’t going to leave even with an eviction notice. Bits and pieces start to come back from years before, and he feels like he’s piecing together shredded paper.
“Hm?” Cap hums softly.
“Hello darling,” Aunt Peggy greets him as she leans forward and gives his ankle a reassuring squeeze.
“But Howard says - ” Anthony starts to protest.
“Cool,” Anthony says, more than a little impressed.
If he were to choose the lesser of two evils though, Steve hopes his soulmate is a female. He prays each night that the person who shares his Mark will be a woman for their safety, regardless of what that future may bring.
“My aunt and uncle think so!” Anthony exclaims, excitement vibrating inside him. “Jarvis says I am too!”
“...it’s perfectly natural for a child to think of their favorite superhero as their soulmate,” Anthony can hear the doctor say to Momma and Howard. “And Anthony’s fixation on Captain America is quite common.”
Steve frowned down at his own blank, bandless wrist. “Does everyone have a Mark?” he asked, rubbing his empty wrist self-consciously.
Even though he’s Markless, it doesn’t make Steve bitter. Not always, anyway; only on the worst days does he feel any sort of anger. But on the good days, he’s optimistic. Either way, the fact that he’s Markless doesn’t diminish the comfort he gets from rubbing the band he keeps on his wrist, or his enjoyment of rereading the passage about Joanna from the Bible, or change the way he feels about himself.
Rhodey lifts an eyebrow. “Do you really want me to go there? How about last week, when - ”
Jarvis smiles down at him. “Exactly, Anthony.”
“Oh, Tones,” Rhodey whispers, making Tony flinch.
“No, they’re
“Because,
Most of the soldiers that he and the Commandos encounter on the battlefield are either Markless, like him, or have Marks on their wrists that have turned gray. Hell, the only reason Dr. Erskine's nomination for Project Rebirth was approved in the end was
Tears spring up in Tony’s eyes, and he can feel the scabbed over wounds of grief break open until it becomes a yawning abyss in his chest. He squeezes his eyes shut, his hands coming up to clench the shirt on his friend’s back between his fingers.
is the smile that Anthony is used to.
- informs him, a smile in his voice.
his hero’s eyes are until just now.
Steve searches through the glasses that are behind the bar. It’s the same story as his search for the liquor: crushed glass, shattered glass and only a few cracked. He finds one small glass that’s whole. It’s dusty as all hell, so he spits into it and cleans the inside with a handkerchief from his pocket. He sets the bottle and glass onto the bar.
to Captain America. Much like with their parents, children aren’t aware that their parents have an outside identity that’s separate from what they are to their children. It’s more often than not that they will call him ‘Captain’ or ‘Mr. America’, or sometimes use his whole title.
Anthony listens carefully, holding his breath. Ana’s shoes click down the hall as she leaves without another word, much to his relief. He crawls out of his large bed and goes to the giant toy chest at the end of it, where Jarvis had laid out his day clothes the night before. He doesn’t bother using the toilet or brushing his teeth; his entire focus set on pulling on his clothes. It takes effort to stay upright, especially with the pain stabbing him in his belly, but he manages to do it.
“Not alotta them agree with you,” he quietly informs him. “Most woulda already taken ‘vantage of the sitch - ” Tony frowns in concentration. “Sitchu...sit..”
Tony nods, snapping his fingers. “Yeah that, by now.”
of this would have been possible without
There it is again, coming closer.
“You don’t get it,” Tony murmurs, dragging a hand over his face to block himself from view.
“Sleepy?” asks Cap, staring down at him.
Steve nodded, his throat dry. “Yeah,” he agreed, “but how did you find out?” he asked.
Steve laughs at the memory of Bucky’s face now. He would have laughed at the time, if not for the fact that he had been so terrified by the uncertainty of what his lifelong friend would say that he could have died of a heart attack.
He had still been colorblind at the time, only able to see reds and greens, often confusing yellows and blues, so he hadn’t known that when the sun hit the glass just right, bright light projected bursts of brilliant color onto the faces of the men and women gathered together. It hadn’t been the few colors he could make out that drew him to them, anyway. What had captured his attention was the compositions of the windows themselves. He was transfixed by the thick, dark lines that wove their way through each character and each pane of glass, yet instead of separating them, united them. The details amazed him the most: the delicate lines in a person’s hair, the bunched fabric in an arched knee, the smooth texture on a cup. The play of shadows and light, the reverence displayed on a person’s face, the gesturing of their hands--all of it left him awestruck.
Thanks, Howard.
Beside him, the heart monitor’s beeping slowly speeds up. Tony squeezes his eyes shut, throat clicking as he forces himself to take a deep breath. Or as deep a breath as he can, with an oxygen tube in his nose and the pain in his ribs; he hurts so much, he feels like one giant bruise.
But he knows how rare those are, and despite him and Rhodey being friends for three years now, people have used Tony for longer periods of time and for a lot less, and he doesn’t want to ruin this precious friendship thing they have. Besides, even
“Look for any survivors!” he yells out, once the Commandos get closer and Bucky’s at his back. “Search everywhere!”
Steve stopped whittling outright. Frowning, he angled his head to stare at his friend in confusion. “What date?”
The doctor’s brow was furrowed by the end of the story. “I see,” he said, but Anthony’s sure he doesn’t see at all.
Two years is a
to play with
He keeps running.
“We’ll be right here, Tony,” Aunt Pegs says, warmth in her brown eyes as she walks on the right side of the bed, her heels clacking on the linoleum floor, with the Jarvises following on his left.
There’s a heavy silence; the gravity of the situation pushing down heavily, almost like having an elephant sitting on their lungs. The radio crackles with static, but it’s another moment of quiet before either of his friends speak.
She stares down at the ground. Her back is to Anthony, and she must make a face because Howard takes a sip of his drink.
Steve squeezed his eyes shut, feeling small and like he was back in Fort Lehigh all over again, with the other soldiers in Basic for company and not being able to find a moment’s peace. Suddenly the laughter and joking cut off, and Steve’s ears only met silence. Confused, Steve trained his ears and caught bits of conversation.
“Yeah!” Anthony exclaimed. “He’s the best - he was so cool when I met him!”
But then just as quick, the feeling passes. The warmth from the alcohol that had been working its way through his body is burnt out, evaporated like all the water in the air of a fire. He’s left behind feeling heavy and even more aware of his surroundings than he was before. His heart crushes in his chest.
Anthony frowns.
“I didn’t
“Is there anyone left?” Steve asks softly, trying not to disrupt the quiet around them.
Tony doesn’t want to be disturbed from his sleep.
“A Mark, Master Anthony.”
“Steve says I can play with it,” Anthony informs him seriously.
“Peggy, Steve
have yogurt and cream. Anthony frowns and crosses his arms over his chest, unhappy with his options.
Me: I need to follow these movies as closely as I can!!1! But how do I include all these movies I missed???! Aaldjflsdjafldhfdlajdfsls
There’s nothing left of this church. He can’t even be sure if it had
“Aunt Pegs!” Anthony cries in delight once he catches sight of her. Before he can think better of it, he takes off into a running leap, and springs into his aunt’s waiting arms.
“No! Don’t!” Anthony yells, stomping his foot, but his vision doubles and he feels even warmer. “I just wanna have my party - ”
Once he’s done, Tony spits back into the toilet. “Tony,” he replies. “Stark.”
“No, Anthony, not everyone has a Mark,” he explains, gently taking Anthony's small wrist in his large hand, his touch just as careful as Anthony’s was. “A person gets their Mark when their soulmate is born. The fact that you don’t have one only means that your soulmate hasn’t been born yet.”
“Nope,” he says, shutting and locking the door behind him.
Steve sees a lot of men like Johnson out on the front: men in the service who either have gray Marks, or shared a Mark, or found their soulmate in their brother-in-arms like Horowitz and Edwards, or like Steve’s fellow Commandos: Gabe Jones and Jacques Dernier.
shatters the silence. Alarmed, he quickly lifts his boot away. But instead of crushed bones of an animal or a person like he had been expecting, his eyes meet a shattered pane of glass. Steve's heart clenches at the sight of the cobwebbed, ashen shards on the dusty floor.
“I like to be called Steve,” Cap quietly whispers into Anthony’s ear.
He opens his eyes and blinks blearily, his brow furrowed in concentration as he takes in his surroundings. He stares up at a pastel ceiling that’s way too high above his head. He sits up slowly, remembering that the pain in his tummy was worse whenever he tried to sit up - except now he doesn’t even feel any pain. His hands rest on the floor, and he stares down at the polished, gleaming wood under his palms. He recognizes the pattern of stains on the hardwood floor beneath his fingers, but his brain feels fuzzy and he isn’t as quick to place
“Okay,” Tony sighs, and nods for her to go ahead.
Tony sniffs as he pushes himself off the door, wiping his nose with the sleeve of his black jacket before shrugging it off and letting it drop onto the floor. He decides what he
“I swear I’m not going to do anything to you,” his companion assures. “I just don’t feel right leaving a kid alone to puke in the bathroom. Especially a bathroom at an
There’s a noise in the destroyed pub, almost like a cry of agonized pain, and it takes a moment for Steve to realize that the noise had been ripped from his own throat. He never knew he could feel such pain before; the grief he’d felt for both his mother and his adopted grandmother seem insignificant in comparison. But it’s the first time that Steve’s
With shaking fingers, Steve opens the flap to the envelope, pulling out the letter and unfolding it. There on the page, was the familiar elegant handwriting of Bucky’s mother.
“Not afraid I’m suddenly gonna try and turn you for the other side?” Steve said, trying to tease, but worried about what the answer might be nonetheless.
There's not much room for a sketchbook in his pockets, though, and there's even less he can do to divert himself from his demons while they’re on the road.
He stares down at it, his brow furrowed in confusion. He raises his head to look at her. She gives him a pointed look, with comfort in her brown eyes, before she turns around to follow the rest of the team out.
“Anthony,” he replies, staring transfixed.
to him, praying over him when his illnesses took a turn for the worse, or sitting still at his bedside for hours as he tentatively drew them-- he’d wouldn’t even
“Got it, doc,” he assures, giving her a thumbs up with his hooked-up hand.
“Shh, Tony,” Aunt Peggy hushs soothingly as she strokes a hand along his cheek, her calloused fingers warm against his skin. “I’m going to stay a few more days, and we will do whatever you want.” Anthony smiles in relief. “But it’s
Markless is viewed as a pedophile. Steve knows it isn’t fair; no one gets to decide when their soulmate will be born, and speaking as someone without a Mark, he would much prefer to have a soulmate already alive than not even conceived yet. As much as Steve hated wearing a band over his left wrist, back in New York it was easier to give people less ammunition to use against him when he had so many health issues and a stiff wind could knock him flat.
The night air had been crisp, clean and clear, nothing like the dry stuffiness of the pub Steve’s sitting in now. He and Bucky could make out every star above their heads in the inky black-blue of the night sky, and the moon shone so brightly that they could see without a fire. It was something they had never been able to experience growing up in the glowing lights of New York until they had been sent across the world to fight on the battlefield, and Steve still thought it was the most amazing thing.
Howard scoffs but does as suggested. The door closes softly behind him, and Anthony lets out a breath of relief as Aunt Pegs turns back to face him.
almost leaves his lips before the words get stuck in his throat. He huffs out a frustrated breath, and shakes his head.
Tony blinks in surprise. This is
From here on out, it's canon divergence all the way.
“You’re being very brave, angel,” Ana assures him, the corners of her mouth turned up in a small smile.
And so Anthony explained about his last birthday, how he met Steve and how Steve had made him promise to take care of the toy that he’d been given.
Even though they were both Markless, their attitudes about it were completely different. Bucky was more cynical about soulmates, whereas Steve was more optimistic. Instead of looking down at his blank wrist and wondering with hope in his heart and a smile on his face what his soulmate would be like, Bucky sneered derisively whenever he was reminded of it. Whenever Steve spoke excitedly about the subject of Marks or soulmates, Bucky would make a face or roll his eyes, but he always listened to what Steve had to say and even had a word or two to contribute, but mostly didn’t enjoy talking about Marks or soulmates.
Steve just wants to be left alone. He wants nothing more than to crawl under the blankets of his bed, curl up into a ball, and stay there forever. Ever since he came back from the Alps, he hasn’t been able to sleep a wink. All he’s been able to do is stare at the ceiling in the barracks. It’s gotten to the point that he can actually see shapes and patterns in the rough-textured wall.
“I didn’t mope,” Steve defended, a self-conscious blush staining his cheeks. Eugene had been his first crush, of course he moped.
“But he
Well. Here we are again.
“Steve,” she said gently. “There are plenty of things I value more than a soulmate. A Mark doesn’t bring respect or validation. Even if I had a Mark, I’m still a woman, and would still be treated as less than a man.”
“Steve,” Peggy said gently, her brown eyes warm with empathy. “Your and Sergeant Barnes’s flat was amongst the buildings that had been bombed last night.”
“Name
Tony asks in confusion.
Steve sighs heavily, lifting a shaky hand to swipe at his eyes.
“Why’s that?” Anthony asks, tilting his head to the side.
There’s one man in particular that sticks out in Steve’s memory, from one of his earliest battles on the front; the memory often surfaces in Steve’s mind when he tries to find respite. Lieutenant Johnson had a gray Mark on his wrist, and his heart had stopped before the doctors had managed to bring him back to life on the operating table.
“I’m calling an ambulance,” Jarvis says decisively, laying a reassuring hand on Aunt Peggy’s shoulder before heading for the nearest telephone on a table by the door.
“Perfect,” replies the doctor. “It’ll be good for Anthony to be with his own age group.”
The truck hits another pothole, knocking Steve around in the truck. He grunts before scrubbing a hand over his forehead, trying to ease the throbbing in his head. Sighing heavily, he resettles into his seat and scrunches his eyes shut. He tries again to sleep.
Steve smiles a little, remembering how something so extraordinary came out of nothing.
“So the kid has a craving for cheese and bread!” Howard shouts. “So what!”
you?”
The puzzle slowly begins to come together, and it’s like fog clearing, making Anthony’s eyes widen. The white ‘A’, the colors of his uniform - then he sees the large round shield strapped to the man’s left arm. Even though Anthony can only see the inside of the shield, he
“You gave us quite a scare,
He looks around through the rubble, everything is gray and black and it’s odd compared to the bright, colorful-filled memories he has of the place in his mind. He finds a miraculously intact table that he dusts off with his handkerchief, running the cloth carefully in each decorative carving in the wood. He’s never noticed before until he clears the dust off and he’s running his thumb along the smooth wood that the decorative curls and intricate cuts in the wood are roses.
on accident. The air is heavy, but it’s not with anticipation, instead it’s with a resigned confirmation: the damage has been done.
“Jarvis, what’s a Mark?” asks Anthony curious, hoping Jarvis will give him a serious answer.
After the lights went out, and everyone was laying in their beds, it was quiet for a long time as Steve tried to find peace. He had finally managed to shut his eyes, and he had evened out his breathing to sleep. Then he heard Bucky’s scream and images of the train, the cold, flashed through his mind, and the smell of burnt skin filled his nose, making Steve sit up in bed, breathing heavily and back slick with sweat. His fists had clenched the sheets and he squeezed his eyes shut, trying to banish the images from his mind.
He marvels at the gifts and the larger, more colorful balloons before his eyes settle on Aunt Peggy. She’s sitting at the foot of his bed, frowning down at a magazine in her hand; Ana and Jarvis occupy the two chairs on his left, both slumped in sleep.
born? What happens then?”
Jarvis, Ana, Aunt Pegs,
Anthony lights up, giggling and pain momentarily pushed aside.
The Captain America toy that Steve made him promise to take care of is standing proud on the wood, with a red ribbon tied around his waist in a fancy bow. Anthony can’t help but grin at the sight of it as he wriggles down into his blankets and closes his eyes.
“Would you two mind giving us a moment alone?” the doctor asks, resting her clipboard on the edge of Tony’s bed as she turns to Obie and Rhodey, her glossy raven ponytail flicking across her shoulders with the movement. “Once I finish these evaluations, you can come back.”
have a Mark, but what Peggy did for him was to help him realize that it shouldn’t matter if a person had a Mark or not in order to love someone else. They just had to be themselves and hope for the best, but remember their own value and worth first. That encounter had cemented Bucky’s belief that Markless people can find happiness in each other, and when Steve told him this, Bucky only smirked and patted him on the back.
When Johnson’s glassy eyes had focussed on the tent above him, and when the realization of where he was hit him, his face fell and his eyes looked like the light had gone out before they quickly welled up with tears. Steve hadn’t yet seen a man break apart before, but Johnson shattered like a glass window after meeting a baseball. His chest heaved as he gasped for breath, and his face was streaked with a flood of tears that wouldn’t stop. His voice broke on a sob, and his hand clenched the gray sheet over his stomach; he sounded like he was in pain.
He doesn’t remember exactly when he passes out.
"Thank you. Agent Carter."
Now without further adieu, here's Tony.
So he’d lied. It came out of his mouth easily, like a practiced bit of a soliloquy. And he has to snort at himself, because he should’ve known better. Ana always
Tony groans again.
“What can you tell me about that?” she asks, her pen held high. The movement draws Tony’s eye from her poised left hand to the soul band on her wrist: a jade bracelet that glitters in the light.
me, Tones,” Rhodey says with exasperation. “I’m your friend - I care about what happens to you, idiot.”
“Oh, and you’re the expert on talking to children?” Howard growls, his eyes glinting like steel. “
“What isn’t?” Rhodey asks, and it’s an age-old phrase between them, but right now instead of a comfortable sweater, it feels like a worn out scrap of cloth.
His toilet buddy raises a thick eyebrow. “Situation?”
The doctors are there to greet them. He’s led into an office where Aunt Pegs helps him take off his clothes, replacing them with a hospital gown. He sits on a cold metal table with white paper on it as the doctors poke and prod at him, pressing on his tummy and making it hurt more. Anthony squirms in the itchy gown while Aunt Peggy stands behind him with a frown on her face, her eyebrows scrunched together. He scowls at the doctors, and answers their dumb endless questions with either yeses or nos. They stick a needle in him to take out some blood, and he does his best not to cry; Aunt Pegs calling him brave once it’s over makes it worth it.
Steve catches the shield thrown to him and runs down the corridors of the Hydra base, chasing after Schmidt.
“You know
is the smile that Jarvis is
Bucky nodded. “Damn right,” he’d said as he stared up at the swirling black sky. The sound of Steve’s whittling filled the silence.
It’s times like this, standing in the ruins of another town, far away from his perfect church in Brooklyn, that make Steve wish he can’t see details and colors so clearly.
“ - all over the
There had been a smile on Jarvis’s face, but now it drops, and he lowers his eyes, eyebrows scrunching together. Anthony frowns in confusion; wondering why Jarvis looks like he’s in pain. Then, just as quickly, the look disappears and it's replaced with a smile. But this smile isn’t like any of Jarvis’s other smiles, the ones that make Anthony’s insides feel warm and happy - it’s like Howard’s: forced and
“I know that - don’t be stupid, honeybear,” Tony says, the endearment just slipping out. “It’s just not easy for me.”
he had as a kid matches up to his drugged up hallucination feels like he’s managed to get a spark plug slotted into place, but the entire engine’s still not working right for whatever reason. Is Captain America - Steve Rogers, because that’s not classified information anymore; hasn’t been since ‘82 - his soulmate? And if he is, why doesn’t Tony have a Mark?
that they’re in Trouble, and a shield strapped to his arm and little white wings on his blue helmet.
He only managed to get into art school after she had died, and he’s sure she’d have been pleased about his going, despite the short stint that it was. “The first Rogers to go to college,” she would have said, her face beaming with pride. She’d known he wanted to follow in his father’s footsteps by becoming a soldier in the 107th, and it wasn’t a secret that she disapproved of his choice in career. Regardless, she encouraged him to fight for himself and told him to always stand up no matter how many times he was pushed down.
Steve is getting so sick of hearing that.
Tony averts his eyes from his friend’s face, afraid of what he might find there. He blinks rapidly, trying to staunch the flood of tears that are threatening to spill. Silence reigns heavily over them as neither move an inch.
“Bucky, of
“Okay,” he says in a small voice.
“Because nobody’ll believe you,” Howard says, turning his face away to look outside the window.
“I was back on my family’s cottage,” Johnson explained, a pained smile on his lips as tears continued to flow. “It was out in the country and we’d go there every summer. And he was there. My Freddie--oh God!” His face crumpled in agony. “My Freddie! He’d died! He’s gone! I’d seen it with my own eyes: he was blown up in The Blitz--”
Steve and Bucky pass two soldiers from the regiment they’d accompanied. It isn’t long before they’ve caught up with more of the soldiers, and the various members of the Howling Commandos.
After all, it would be illegal if anyone witnessed what they did.
“We’re arranging another housing situation for you, but it’s taking longer than we anticipated.” She hurriedly explained, trying to assuage any worries he had, which is pretty laughable, all things considered.
“Why are you out of bed?” Jarvis whispers, holding out his hand. Anthony takes it, and follows as he leads him back to his bedroom.
His parents are quiet. “Yes,” Howard finally says. “His godmother and I had a friend named Steve that died in ‘45. She talks about him a lot, especially to Anthony.”
Tony groans in displeasure and grudgingly opens his eyes.
“Night, Steve,” replies Anthony as he slips deeper into sleep.
“Four - I mean, five,” informs Anthony, lifting up a hand to show Cap how many that was on his fingers because adults liked when he did that. “It’s my birthday today,” he explains so Cap won’t be confused.
The doctor nods, her cool pink brow crinkling. “And now?” she asks, expectant, like everything hangs on his next answer. Tony tips his head in confusion and she hastens to explain. “Your friend had to revive you, Mr. Stark - you weren’t responsive at
Once the doctor leaves, though, his family holds his birthday party in his hospital room. He stays in bed, gleefully unwrapping each gift, taking care not to rest any of them on his tummy, which is still in some pain. He presents all the birthday cards to Aunt Pegs so she can hold them. He thanks each person for their gift extra enthusiastically before his aunt even has a chance to give him a pointed look. It’s decided that they won’t have birthday cake, but they’ll save it for later when he can enjoy it. Anthony’s disappointed but glad all the same.
“Thankfully not, but the city took quite the beating. Many people have been left homeless due to it.”
“Captain," she nodded in acknowledgement before getting right to the point. “I’m sorry to report that the city was bombed once again in the night.”
of Catholicism that he’d discovered his love for art at all.
he growls, getting up into Tony’s space.
He hopes he’ll see them all on the other side of this fight, unscathed and still standing.
“There’s a note on your chart that at the time, you had a bad reaction to the anesthesia and needed to be revived,” she replies, raising her gaze completely away from the clipboard to evaluate him.
Anthony scrunches his face in thought. “Y’mean like a secret?”
dangerous, and he
, to mourn his best friend right--but as hard as he tries, the tears
get a soulmate, they’re gonna be
It isn’t until he reaches the small steps leading into the foyer that he takes his eyes off the floor, glancing up at the sound of the heavy door to the house shutting. Jarvis has just stepped through, his light brown suit neat and tidy as he talks happily to a woman beside him in the grand entrance. She stands tall, with a grace that comes from knowing
“It’s just,” Bucky heaved a sigh, as though it was difficult trying to get the words out and they weren’t cooperating. He ran a hand through his dark hair. “It’s gotta be lonely being Markless and queer,” he said at last. There was so much seriousness in his blue eyes as he evaluated Steve, that Steve couldn’t help but be mesmerized. “You deserve to be happy, Stevie, more than anyone else I know. And with Peggy, if there’s even a
Tony stares down into the disgusting muddy mess inside the toilet bowl, studying the lumpy mysterious chunks before lifting a heavy hand onto the silver knob and flushing it. His head pounds painfully between his temples, and somehow the latest conversation he had with Ana before he left the Malibu estate swims through his mind.
“Um,” he starts, articulately. “What do you mean?”
Bucky smiled up at him. “She’s a dynamite alright, buddy. But be careful with her,” he continued. “She strikes me as the type who would set fire on your ass if you give her any lip.”
“The marks aren’t gray, sweetheart,” his Ma replied with a kind smile. “They come in all sorts of colors--beautiful, beautiful colors--until they turn gray.”
platonic soulmates. Steve even knows that there are family members who can be soulmates, like Kelly and her father Patrick who had lived with him and his Ma in the tenement apartment.
“Good,” she says with a nod. “Do you feel up to visitors?” she asks carefully. The
Tony tells his traitorous brain, as panic wells up in his chest.
