“Yeah,” Anthea agreed. “Bye.”
The stone floor was never cold on his bare feet, and there was always a fire blazing in the fireplace. Bilbo could have hot tea first thing if he’d remembered to put the kettle on the night before. Warmth, his host could provide, but not breakfast in bed. Bilbo washed in a luxurious bathroom where hot water poured over him like rain, and drained out a hole in the floor—marvelous technology. Dragons had a keen sense of smell so cleanliness was appreciated. When Bilbo dressed, he had a dozen fine suits of clothing to choose from, some with slightly odd fits and none with quite as much color as he preferred, but the fabric was silk, fine wool, supple leather, materials he couldn’t even name.
John left them and took Taffy outside, letting the little dog run around the yard while he checked his email on his laptop. London still existed, that was good to know. Magical travel could be a bit disorienting sometimes; he had a vague fear of accidentally time-traveling, and then not being able to get back home. He pretended that was what had happened to his father.
“Sorry, have we met before?” He was beginning to wonder if Magnus was
angry, unfathomably.
Magnus could clearly see him still typing—if he bothered to open his eyes, that is. “Yes.”
“P—s off,” Magnus revealed succinctly, and for a millisecond Bay smiled involuntarily before he got himself under control. Yes, he could picture that—like with Anderson and Donovan, spouting people’s private failings for all the world to hear, because he was too brilliant to not see them, and too mad to keep them to himself.
The report pleased his master, whose attention and hands drifted down Aquamarine’s neck to his shoulders and arms. It was almost like a light massage and he found himself relaxing incrementally, resting more and more of his weight on his master’s lap. “Much better. No pain? No soreness? Limited movement? Good. You’re very fair-skinned,” his master pointed out, which Aquamarine of course knew. “Quite prone to sunburn, I’d imagine.” Naturally; between dirt and sunburns he hadn’t seen his own arms looking so pale in years—they contrasted sharply with his master’s. Aquamarine wondered if he found that attractive, or sickly.
more nutrition than a single vegetable could provide. As soon as they got back to London—and John thought he wouldn’t flip out—he was going to give him a complete physical, and possibly start him on some vitamins.
“Oh. Um…” This was clearly not on Magnus’s list of priorities. “I think I threw it away,” he remembered, dismissively. “Or left it with the salesman.”
to be injured; that was simple logic. Once he wasn’t injured he could think faster, plan better, resist more fully—There were blisters on his feet and they burned suddenly, and he let out a howl.
“Sorry,” Bilbo told him regretfully. “I was just cleaning up—”
Slowly Magnus raised his head and frowned at Lestrade. “Say that again.”
His gaze flickered between Nico’s eyes and his full lips and he moved in slowly, brushing the boy’s mouth lightly with his own. Nico inhaled sharply, but didn’t pull away. Ivan pressed a little more firmly, trying to stay conscious of the mechanics and not get carried away. His tone snaked out and trailed along Nico’s lower lip and his mouth parted slightly; Ivan plunged in. After a moment he felt his shoulder being shoved and he broke off, nuzzling the boy’s jaw and neck while he panted for breath. Forgot about that whole breathing thing, oops.
“You’re very bold,” Ivan observed. He would have to go slowly, then, if the memory wasn’t there yet. Otherwise he would never be forgiven. He turned and eased himself down into a chair, wincing as the day’s efforts caught up with him. “Take my boots off.”
“No, I didn’t,” Ivan assured him. Seemed like a sore point. “In my land musicians can be men
serial killers!” Magnus declared in delight, causing everyone to stop their activities and stare at him. “There’s always something to look forward to.” Bay arched an eyebrow, safely out of view, and Lestrade huffed, something more than exasperation.
“Your master, who abandoned you at a crime scene, without even a proper jacket?” the man asked archly.
from? Not lanterns or lamps, surely. Frustratingly he couldn’t reach that high and there was nothing to climb on.
Magnus shouted for him three more times as he made his way up, the last as Bay was opening the door to the flat. “BAY—oh, there you are,” Magnus added in a normal voice. He was stretched out on the sofa with his shirt sleeves rolled up, pressing on one arm as he clenched and unclenched his fist and breathed noisily. There was definitely the air of a junkie enjoying his fix about him, and Bay raised an eyebrow. Drugs could perhaps explain Magnus, but not everyone else. “What took you so long?”
And the voice. “Why’s he limping? How long ago was that? Still not healed? How interesting. Get him a cane.” You didn’t give a solid
He pushed his forehead against Master’s knee, hoping for more food—traitorous body, always
Bay appreciated the positive attention, but now he felt anxious to reconnect with his master. “Was he angry?” he asked her hesitantly.
to say.
” he shouted, and vanished again.
“They take the poison themselves,” Magnus was muttering to himself. “Somehow they’re induced to kill themselves.”
“You got
“Yes, indeed,” Irene agreed, lasciviously. She waited a beat, still reclining against the pillows, and when Aquamarine didn’t respond the way she wanted—however that was—she rolled her eyes and went to get some bowls of food from a cabinet. Aquamarine stepped around his master’s feet and knelt down on the floor between him and Irene, not sure how wise it was to get close to his fellow slave, even when she was just preparing a bowl of food for him.
Ivan had been trying to find things to do that would naturally turn his back on the boy, to give him some privacy, but now he faced him and rolled his eyes. “Yes,
“Yes, exactly!” Magnus agreed with delight. “We’re generally rather hardy, but a head injury in very early childhood can delay the development of our memories—it has to be something deliberate, not just an accident.”
him, and saw that the tent he’d just walked through and stepped out of was actually quite small, a domed structure just large enough for two people. He had to drop to his knees and crawl back in—and found himself on all fours on the floor of the spacious foyer, with more rooms beyond. Aquamarine scrambled back out. The tent was small again. He circumnavigated it and poked at it to be sure.
“I can fight,” Nico said suddenly.
idea? You must have one.”
. “Illogical. Minimum maintenance would vastly increase his chances of being sold.” Was he
“Okay,” Bay nodded readily, because what else could he do?
But then the dragon started to rise. “But, I suppose I really ought to go, um…” A dragon at a loss for words was an interesting sight. “Patrol the entrances,” he finally finished. “Thought I felt a draft the other day. We don’t want anyone sneaking in and bothering us.” He bared his sword-like teeth in a grin.
Aquamarine had
But then it didn’t; there was only Magnus, moving to the dining chair and putting his hand over Bay’s, rubbing his taut knuckles gently. “Hey,” he said softly. “I’m not going to hit you. I’m
“Um, Magnus?” Bay dared to venture, when he just stood there.
Lestrade rolled his eyes. “Your new wildling, huh?” he surmised, unimpressed. Master gave him a pointed look and Lestrade sighed and held out his hand to Aquamarine, who sniffed it avidly. Master said he was a
of you, not just your feet and face.” The look Nico gave him was anxious, but honest. A girl would be screaming her head off by now—a well-born girl, anyway—because his intentions were clearly not good; so he supposed he should be glad that Nico didn’t fully believe the innuendos, or maybe didn’t completely understand them. Ivan did not hope he could be anticipating the night with pleasure.
“Aha,” the man replied, as if he’d found what he was looking for. Bay spared little brainpower to figure out what that was. “You’ve suffered a head injury.” Yes, many. “As a very young child,” the man went on. “Someone who was supposed to care for you. A deliberate attack.” Bay only shrugged slightly. He couldn’t remember all the injuries he’d been given as a child. “Well, that explains it,” the man decided, sitting back. The loss of contact between them made him seem less real to Bay, more a fragment of his vivid imagination, through which all manner of delights bobbed.
, it’s German for ‘revenge.’ She could be trying to tell us something.”
“I’ll carry you to the laundry room,” Magnus offered—well, really it was more of a declaration. “It would be a very long way, with your tiny legs.”
, he would frankly welcome the release, but would rather not know it was coming.
something—and Master angled his head to look down on him. “Sit up here if you want to eat,” Master encouraged, patting the empty chair next to him. When Aquamarine didn’t move, just stared at him, he shrugged and went back to his own breakfast.
“Well, you should’ve thought of that,” John replied shortly, and Sherlock fell silent. Technically, Lestrade’s ban applied only to Sherlock; John could leave him, and spend all the time he wanted in London. And the only thing Sherlock could think of that would be worse than being stuck out in the country, was being stuck there without John.
—you were missing!”
“No, he didn’t like them much this morning, either,” John recalled dryly, and Irene laughed. “Don’t stomp, Aquamarine,” he suggested. “You’re doing really well. Try walking around in the grass.”
didn’t kill her,” he added dryly.
His master seemed pleased. “Very good. And what’s your name?”
“It—it needs to go around the neck, somewhat tightly,” Bay offered, feeling slightly light-headed with the surreality of the situation.
“Turn around, please,” his master told him, so he did, shifting his legs around until he was straddling his master again but now facing the rest of the tent. He felt warm fingertips trailing down his spine; the touch stayed with him after the hands had moved on and he twitched slightly, unsure if he should allow himself to arch into the contact or not.
The action shocked Nico, he could see. He picked up the knife suspiciously and examined it, as if Ivan could somehow have blunted it first. Ivan just shook his head like he found the boy hopeless and blew out the candles on his side of the room. “Lights out,” he prompted Nico, getting into bed. After a long moment the boy followed suit.
“Well of
“Sometimes I think you’re just not very
When he thought he could stand it he introduced soap and shampoo to the mix. It was agony, but in the way of disinfectant on a wound, where you knew it was doing good. Then he rinsed for a long time, letting his muscles relax as much as he dared.
“I don’t think he’s quite ready for that yet,” John replied dryly.
“Yes. Sorry.” Appropriate punishment. Swift, too. But he was uncomfortable with it. Inexperienced at owning slaves. Did well enough dispensing imperious attitude to other free people, but managing a slave was different.
It then occurred to Bay to wonder if he should look at this as an opportunity, rather than an inconvenience imposed by his careless master. Unsupervised, new city… Bay squashed the thought right away. The police had seen him. Lestrade even seemed to know him, somehow. He might be able to take off his makeshift collar and join the homeless population for a while—but honestly, at his age and with his leg, that prospect was unappealing.
Still in the tree, Aquamarine shook his head. He didn’t eat much, which John found interesting; with food plentiful most slaves tended to overindulge at first, until they realized they would always be fed adequately. Aquamarine was just the opposite, pushing food away after just a few bites. He didn’t hide or steal it to eat later, either, as far as John could tell. He just didn’t like eating and preferred to spend as little time on it as possible. John wondered if he’d always been that way, or if it was the result of mistreatment in his past.
They entered a bare room on the third floor, lit only by police lamps that cast eerie shadows across the scaffolding poles supporting the sagging ceiling, and through the random holes in the walls. The building obviously didn’t see much traffic, at least not the reputable kind. In the center of the room lay a woman, facedown. She was clad all in pink, from her overcoat to her high heels to her fingernails—two of which were broken and ragged from scratching the letters RACHE into the wooden floor.
“Oh, not really,” Bilbo claimed. “I was good at getting
“Perhaps I could just meet you there.”
,” Magnus proclaimed. He was proud of himself, but there was a certain childlike aspect to it, in the way he eagerly presented the information to Bay. It was something about how because the suitcase was pink, the killer would be eager to get rid of it discreetly, so Magnus had found it in a dumpster near the crime scene. Bay nodded along and kept his eyes focused, but he was only half-listening; his thoughts were mainly occupied by Magnus’s earlier revelation. Something inside him wanted to trust that Magnus’s intentions were good, even if he was clearly missing a few connections in his mind. For Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson, perhaps he’d merely showed them Bay’s picture—plenty of time to do that from the transport—and talked him up so much that when he finally appeared in person, they
done. He knelt up again, as if he was done moving, and waited to see his master’s reaction—he suspected very strongly that he was not yet close enough.
to let your man take me—” He broke off, no doubt replaying the scene in his head, searching for evidence.
“That’s right,” John agreed. In the upper crust of society, then, at least before you hit barons and earls. So were the Holmeses, on the rare occasions they chose to socialize. “All three of them belong to her? Why is she selling them?”
Of course Aquamarine understood
” he choked out.
He wasn’t. Instead he felt cool hands on him again, pressing his raw wrists under the restraints, ghosting over his hot neck. Something pulled sharply at his throat and he hissed. “Sorry, sorry,” the man murmured. “Your collar—“ It had rubbed the skin beneath it for so long that it was practically part of his body now.
“You’ll get used to them,” John predicted. “Wear them for a while every day. You’ve given them a good workout today.” He checked his watch. “You’ve worn them about an hour. You can take them off if you like.”
“Or his socks!” Molly added, over Irene’s shoulder. They both stepped out onto the deck so John’s mother could go back inside, where the normal people were—she liked chatting with Mrs. Hudson, at least.
Ah, here we go, the paranoia, the accusations. “No,” Bay assured him calmly. “I’m in pain, I’d love to not be.”
. He sniffed at them avidly as they walked into the house. “Tomatoes from Mrs. Rogers,” John announced to his mother. “Yes, you can eat that, but let Mrs. Hudson wash it off first,” he added to Aquamarine. “And wipe your feet.”
Aquamarine sniffled and staggered to his feet with Master. Maybe Master just didn’t
“No, she never got to the hotel,” Magnus denied immediately. Bay squeezed his way past Lestrade and started the slow, painful trip down the stairs to his master. “Look at her hair. She color-coordinates her lipstick and her shoes—she’d never have left any hotel with her hair still looking—“ He stopped talking suddenly, and Bay froze a few steps above him. “Oh.” Magnus’s eyes widened and his face lit up, like a child receiving the best Christmas gift ever. “
“Well perhaps he just kidnapped him to share some witty banter.”
“Come on, let’s go in before it rains,” he murmured to Aquamarine, trying to get him to stand. “Come inside, maybe you can figure out a better explanation. There’s a good boy.”
“Um, better,” Bay claimed, after a quick calculation.
He stopped walking, not because he inherently recognized his new name, but because he was walking, and someone had said stop. If they hadn’t meant him, he’d be prodded forward again in a moment.
“I was
, he wanted to respond, to warn, but he couldn’t form the words before sleep overtook him.
John was at the kitchen table having his morning coffee across from his mother when he heard the noise. He turned in his chair to look out the back window, then jumped to his feet. “S—t,” he swore, hurrying outside. His mother was always worrying about what the neighbors would think; a man screaming in the backyard just after dawn was probably a bit not good. He could hardly blame him, though. “Aquamarine!” he called as he crossed the back deck.
Aquamarine looked up from his kill, meeting his master’s gaze with blood dripping down his chin. At that moment, he probably
Magnus waved this off as unimportant, and somehow Bay was not surprised. “That’s for building a case,” he scoffed, “for judges and lawyers.”
him, but not
“What?”
“I’m to meet him at home,” Bay maintained steadily.
“Why not?”
condition? Ridiculous. I don’t care about his history. That’s none of your concern, is it? Get him up.”
Magnus moved to lean against the bed, across from Bay. “You really don’t, I can see,” he judged. “You wouldn’t let yourself get into this position if you knew your true power.”
He took his time eating—Magnus didn’t rush him, but seemed fascinated to watch him—and then finally pushed his plate back. “Ready?” Magnus inquired.
you are,” she continued, teasingly. “What a big baby you are, hiding under the table.”
here, my little gem,” Magnus complained as he crossed the treasure hall.
Bilbo dragged the basket out of the closet. “That’s very reassuring.”
His eyes popped open, brain instantly processing everything around him without moving further, like a switch had been flipped.
“Well, thank you,” Bay replied without thought, waiting for a cue as to what to do next.
Magnus had pulled his long black coat on and was heading for the door. “Are you going to call the police?” Bay wanted to know, in case they would be showing up any moment.
Well that sounded—An image flashed through Bilbo’s mind, of a dark-haired Man with sculpted cheekbones and a dragon’s smirk, racing through the streets of an exotic city, contraptions Bilbo had never seen before dodging and protesting his carelessness. After a moment he came back to himself, a half-eaten egg in his hand, blinking rapidly. He dared to glance over at the dragon, who seemed to have expected this reaction.
On the final branch Aquamarine lost his footing before he could grab elsewhere with his hands, and he thumped to the ground—only a couple of feet, but still. “No, I’ll go check on him, you stay here,” John told the girls, rising from his seat. This was another one of those times when the slave would
“It’s so boring in the country!” Sherlock just had to whine, as they turned down another aisle.
Footsteps echoed in the hall, then Molly and Irene burst in. “We thought we heard Aquamarine,” Molly explained in confusion, looking around.
, which I grant you is a bit odd, but when he got old enough he changed his name to Magnus.”
“Do people
“What? No, milord,” Nico replied. Ivan covered his mouth to hide his expression at the unbidden use of a title. He probably shouldn’t read too much into that. “In Marios only women play music,” he added, a bit snidely. “Perhaps you didn’t know that.”
would cause his new master to beat him, and the sooner Bay discovered it, the sooner he could avoid it in the future. He preferred his tests to be
“Thank you,” Bay responded again, and shut himself into the small room, drink in hand (no way would he leave that behind). There wasn’t much room—just a toilet to one side of the door and a sink to the other—but it was the first place he’d really been alone for what seemed a long time, and he sagged back against the sink. Just the necessity of being so alert was exhausting, hence why his daydreams or whatever they were held such an addictive quality—he wasn’t sure he actually
“Making sense isn’t the same as being simple,” Bay countered, which seemed to be the right thing to say. “So, you’ve got the case—is there something about it that will lead to the murderer? Were there security cameras near the dumpster, or—”
pack. For good measure he snapped at Irene, who was giving the man a flirtatious look as he backed away. Irene gave
He tried not to show too much affection in public, though. It would only upset and embarrass the boy, and any onlookers. His own men wouldn’t care about Nico’s gender at least, but they were not the sort to engage in soft gazes and gentle caresses, at least in front of others. As the days passed and life tried to return to normal Ivan saw daughters and widows emerging from the woodwork, taking curious sniffs of the fresh air brought in by new blood, and calculating their odds of both success and happiness. He predicted many of his men would be smitten before long—the women here did have a certain exotic, beguiling charm that the straightforward women of Vladim lacked.
Sally’s face took on a look of mild alarm, and Bay knew Magnus had been correct. “I don’t—“ Then she spotted Bay and decided to use him as a distraction. “Er, who’s this?”
Aquamarine tipped his head back to look up at him then, blue eyes filled with confusion and perhaps even a little fear. That would go away soon; he couldn’t allow himself to show that for long, but John took it as a certain amount of trust in him, that he was witness to it at all.
“Oh, there’s a whole other room in the back!” Magnus revealed. “Bathroom, too. Well, traveling is tedious,” he complained. “The transport has so many needs… The body, I mean,” he clarified. “Just transport for the mind. Bloody nuisance sometimes.”
“It has its moments,” he finally said, deeply hesitant, and Magnus barked out a laugh.
“Um… what’s big, then?” He slid his hand down to the back of the slave’s neck, rubbing him soothingly.
“Oh. No, I have to solve this,” Magnus denied after a hesitation. “The police will never get it. I’m a private detective, I told you that.”
At least he knew his master’s home address and mobile number, thanks to the tag on his collar; but of course he didn’t have a phone of his own, and Baker Street was a long walk from here, if he could even find it. He knew London, but not at Google Maps level. A cab would be ideal—okay, he didn’t have any money on him, but hopefully once he got to 221B, Mrs. Hudson the housekeeper would be home and could pay.
look like a crazed wildling, who acted on nothing civilized men could understand. Though in this case Aquamarine thought his motivation was pretty obvious. Master stared back at him, shock morphing into acceptance and perhaps even a tiny touch of pride.
Bay ran through his options quickly. Late at night, not the best part of town, no free person would go out of his way to help a slave under threat. On the other hand, as someone’s properly-marked property, he did have certain ‘rights’—he was like a car that could call for help if it was being stolen. Someone might call the police after the fact, or at least notice what was going on—big, unmarked black car had to be suspicious, right? Wouldn’t do much good for Bay once he was
If you ignored the fact that dragons were notoriously unpredictable and treacherous, it really wasn’t a bad life, and there was more than a grain of truth in Magnus’s characterization of him as a ‘stray.’ But Bilbo was not fooled; like any pet, he might be novel for a while, but that could eventually wear off.
“Oh.”
Naturally. Of course they could. They could all wear funny hats and clown shoes if he wanted. Magnus was the one with all the power here. “If you’re this—magical being,” Bay began carefully, and Magnus nodded readily, which said something right there, “why don’t you know the answer to this mystery already? Why don’t you just catch the killer right now?”
Anderson could not just let him leave after
heard Magnus’s tone brighten. “This is my new slave—“
was magic, even if he couldn’t explain it to Aquamarine’s satisfaction. So why would he say
“Tell me an adventure,” Magnus demanded in the silence.
“No, never,” the man assured him contradictorily, with a friendly smile. “Detective Inspector Lestrade, Scotland Yard.”
Plans: Test security, test body, explore, locate resources, identify key personnel, push limits, experience discipline, plot escape. Decide where to escape
Bay nodded thoughtfully. “Have you any cats?” he asked. “Or other pets?”
Magnus sighed; fortunately he wasn’t facing directly into the room and Bilbo’s bedclothes only fluttered, instead of being blasted off the frame. “You don’t believe me,” he surmised. “That’s very disappointing. It’s been a whole month, I would’ve eaten you already if that was my goal.”
“I haven’t even told you what I want,” the man protested, slight disbelief in his tone.
Taffy, the little black dog of the house, didn’t like him at first, but that made sense to Aquamarine; he was invading Taffy’s territory, and he was quite a bit larger. But Aquamarine made the appropriate submissive noises and gestures to him and he and Taffy reached an understanding. Then together they chased off an intruder who was trying to put
first,” he qualified.
He recognized Molly and Irene’s legs under the table. The other woman was Master’s mother, and he wasn’t supposed to bother her, because she was scared of him. He’d been
“Why wouldn’t you fit in?” the dragon probed.
lover—she’d never sustain the fiction of being single over that amount of time, so more likely a string of them. Simple,” he ended with a flourish.
“It would be easier if—“ Molly murmured. “—all the damage—“
Aquamarine dropped to his knees and crawled closer, watching for any sudden moves or traps. His master gazed at him curiously; his eyes were deep blue and patient. Aquamarine grabbed the cup and pulled it back to a safer distance, sniffing the tea before he drank it. There was no sense that he could see in drugging or poisoning him now, but masters often did things that made little sense to him. He drained the cup and set it down, then stared at his master, who raised an eyebrow expectantly. Aquamarine knew what he was supposed to do and his master wasn’t going to repeat it. Unless of course Aquamarine really
John tried to take this as a compliment, that Sherlock was content with only his companionship. “Some people, yeah,” he told him. “And considering she takes care of the entire house and grounds all on her own—”
more than one?” Sherlock asked curiously. “Thief.”
“Yes!”
“I’m interested in your master,” the man went on. “You can imagine he doesn’t have very many friends. In fact, he’d probably call me his
“My name is Magnus,” the man told him. “I’ve just bought you. Absurd, really. Interesting idea, to preserve the institution, but quite indefensible on a moral scale. Not that I care about that, really—you’re usually the one who gets worked up about such things.”
Magnus was still genuinely mystified on this point, it seemed, and Bay found himself actually trying to come up with a reason. Then he checked himself—he was a slave, he was here to attend his master, witness his feats, help irritate people by his mere presence. He was not here to
“Oh.”
, not after all this handling. “Oh good. Here.” Something was pressed into his hands, a cane, and he put his weight on it tentatively, feeling a minor relief of his pain that made him want to weep with joy. “Free his hands. Yes, rather hard to use a cane properly when your hands are bound.” His voice could be pure acid when he wanted it to be. “
“Oh?” Bay remarked, because he thought he should.
The man’s eyes flickered disdainfully to the makeshift collar. “Well, at least he told you where it was,” he noted, though this was faint praise. He smirked a little more. “You don’t seem very frightened,” he observed curiously.
“—that leaves only one person in the house she can have a conversation with,” John finished dryly.
Ivan splashed the fresh water over his skin before the fire, slopping it messily onto the flagstones. Sometimes he wished he
No matter. He wouldn’t be here that long, anyway.
Finally Master began walking towards the Jeep. Aquamarine scrambled out to meet him partway, then remembered he needed to watch the girls and returned to them, then couldn’t help himself and ran back and forth between them until Master snagged his collar and stilled him at his feet.
“Well, it’s true, you won’t do much
world still hurt.
Bay finished tying his shoes, the whole act of showering and dressing exhausting to him. Magnus had unfolded a bed from the cabin wall and it hung there like a great white elephant, taking up space both physically and mentally.
“Oh, tell him not to hide food, Master,” Irene suggested, with superiority. “Because that attracts
Well-dressed, money, free. What was she doing dead in a dump like this? Magnus was convinced it was murder, not suicide, and that this was the fourth one by the same person. A serial killer, preying on people who had every reason to think they were safe in this world, who had no reason to be wary. It made Bay terribly sad all of a sudden, thinking about the people who would undoubtedly miss this woman—and more selfishly, that no one would miss
“The country expects them to be defiant, to repel the invaders,” he added, then glanced up cautiously to check Ivan’s reaction before continuing.
The two vehicles stopped side by side in the road and the back side window on the SUV rolled down, revealing yet another pale Westerner in a fine suit. “Dr. Watson,” he greeted, with a kind of secret amusement, as though he wanted you to think he knew much more than he was saying.
to tell me the white hairs on the murderer’s coat match the victim’s cat, it’s perfectly obvious from a glance there can be no other explanation, given the rest of the evidence.”
“Just toss the old ones out here,” Magnus told him.
After breakfast the girls got dressed to go out, and Master tried to introduce Aquamarine to what he called ‘the conveniences of modern life.’
“Yes,” Bay confirmed, lurching more into his eyeline.
“Like… a bad hit?” Bay guessed. “Heroin cut with rat poison?”
” she repeated snidely.
Aquamarine dressed quickly—just trousers and a blood-stained shirt—and left Master’s room. The tent was eerily quiet. None of Master’s belongings were packed or missing. Same in Molly’s and Irene’s rooms, except for a few toiletries. Aquamarine let out a questioning yip into the stillness. There was no response.
were amazing—your own private waterfall spouting from the wall, except deliciously warm. Only apparently you weren’t supposed to bother someone who was taking one; he was sure Irene had just been too polite to mention that.
“You remember the marks that were on your back, don’t you?” his master asked. “You’d been flogged, I guess. A long time ago. D—n shame, spoiling a beautiful creature that way.” Well, he didn’t know what the beautiful creature had done to
Molly joined them, watching Aquamarine worriedly. “Should he be climbing that tree, Master?” she asked, and Irene looked smug.
to be in the battle?” He couldn’t tell from the boy’s tone.
“Yes?” Sherlock was looking at him questioningly. “Oh, I thought you were just summoning me,” he realized, as John’s attempt at a clever comment failed yet again.
The dragon’s eyes burned bright with curiosity. “Well, I don’t think I’d fit in very well,” Bilbo replied, turning his attention to a velvet dressing gown. He suspected it might have been meant for a female Dwarf, despite the patches of leather armor. “The Shire is all about fitting in.”
Suddenly the house was quieter, except for thumps down the stairs. “Ah, they’ve finished now,” he pointed out. “We’ll see how he looks.” She should be glad if he was wearing more ‘normal’ clothes, John would’ve thought.
Anderson rolled his eyes. “Oh, don’t pretend you worked that out,” he said, unimpressed. “Somebody told you that.”
“Oh. Sorry.” He walked with a more deliberate pace. “Is this better? It’s not far to the gate.”
Bay thought he might indeed remember that from the string of nonsensical prattle earlier. “Oh, yes. How exciting.”
“Did you want me to tell you?” Bay asked politely.
“And how old are you, Nico?” Ivan inquired, tipping his face up in the firelight. He saw no deeper spark of recognition in his eyes.
Magnus turned back the way he’d been going, his blue searchlight eyes finally leaving Bay. “Yes, almost there. Come on.” He dug his mobile out of his coat pocket and, presumably, summoned his transport. “Bother, there’s a lot of people here,” he complained of the crowd already waiting. “It might be a few minutes. Do you want to sit?”
Master nodded at Molly, who tugged Aquamarine closer to the Jeep. “Hold still,” she told him, trying to wipe his face with a damp cloth. “I don’t
“His name is Aquamarine,” Master reminded her. “And I’ve told you not to just barge in.”
Irene gave her a look that suggested she was embarrassingly naïve and nodded towards the bodies on the ground. “They didn’t die from heart attacks,” she commented dryly.
“I’ll try.”
? In his condition? Send your grandmother to chase him down, then.”
She laughed gaily. “So this is the wildling! He cleans up rather well.”
“Well, good.” Magnus grinned, clearly pleased with himself, which was oddly infectious.
. Suddenly madness seemed like too simple an explanation.
“What for?” Bay asked, though he could well guess.
With a frown Aquamarine did as he suggested, twisting his head in a futile attempt to see down his own back as well when his hands didn’t encounter the puckered ridges he expected. “I told you, Molly is very skillful,” his master remarked proudly. Skillful enough to remove
, but he knew Master was looking more for an acknowledgement and acceptance of his order. Finally he nodded tightly.
It was not forthcoming. “What’s wrong, Mrs. Hudson?” asked Molly from behind the screen. She peeked around, arm and shoulder bare in the glance he risked upward, and ducked back quickly when she saw him.
“Don’t bother,” Ivan warned him. “The guards outside know you aren’t supposed to leave.” Then he tossed the knife he’d taken over to the boy. “Here, keep this. Use it on someone who’s actually trying to hurt you.” Which in this brutal age, could be a lot of people.
“Oh, he can say his name, and mine,” Master replied, a bit dismissively. Aquamarine was not offended; he understood this was merely a ploy, to make the Detective Inspector think he was a complete savage whose actions were instinctive, rather than anything he might be held responsible for.
“Lazy,” Sherlock deduced of a young man John was glancing at.
women. Surprised?”
The man was right about one thing, though. Sort of. Bay would not say he
“Just stay away from it,” John advised.
“The dead woman’s missing suitcase, which you predicted the murderer had accidentally kept,” Bay reiterated, and Magnus nodded. “How, and where, did you find this?”
a lot of things, and also curiously few, compared to his observations of other people. His master would want a useful answer, he decided, not a perfunctory one. But did he want to know how Aquamarine felt physically, emotionally? What sort of answer was he expecting? Did he want something overall positive, to validate his treatment of Aquamarine so far, or something negative, indicating what was still needed? Not that
Lestrade huffed and Bay froze, but then the policeman nodded in exasperation and Bay approached the body. Not his usual sort of activity, forensics, but he lowered himself painfully to the floor beside her. He’d been a battlefield surgeon—no shortage of horror, combined with time pressure and often enemy fire as well—so in some ways this coroner thing was downright leisurely. Bay leaned down and sniffed at the woman, checked the skin on her hands, peered into her mouth, pushed an eyelid open.
“Only they have sex with each other,” Sherlock commented confidently.
Deprived, Aquamarine continued his antics, squirming away from Irene until he was actually upside-down in the chair, his back resting on the seat and his feet waving freely above his head. It did not look very comfortable to John, but he figured this was Aquamarine’s own problem. Gritting her teeth in determination not to be outplayed, Irene stood and went behind the chair, trying to capture a foot for the shoe she carried.
“That’s right,” she purred flirtatiously. “I’ve never been domesticated.”
“I still need a tag,” Bay was forced to remind him, and Magnus’s expression fell.
Sneaking a look back to make sure his mother was otherwise occupied, John let his hand drift down Aquamarine’s back to land on his rear end, squeezing firmly. Aquamarine purred in response and John predicted Irene would have no further trouble putting fitted trousers on him. “Now give the socks and shoes a try,” he added matter-of-factly, patting the slave before letting him go.
“Yes, obviously.” Magnus looked up at him suddenly. “Oh, perhaps I should mention—
fill him entirely with despair.
“I—“ Bay didn’t trust himself to speak. Suddenly the transport beeped and the red light came on, indicating they were starting to slow and descend. Magnus swore under his breath and moved away, and Bay mechanically transferred himself from the bed to a seat and buckled himself in, glad of the distraction.
“Ah. You have another?”
“We’d like to
to have a wildling about, John?” she asked him, not for the first time.
“Here,” Bay finally said, bringing the mobile over. Imperiously Magnus held out his hand, palm up, and Bay laid the phone on it. Magnus pressed it between his hands, which were steepled under his chin, and didn’t open his eyes. Bay waited a moment to see if any other orders were forthcoming. When they weren’t, he went back to a chair, this time one closer to the lit fire.
,” he added. “Thought
“I’m sure,” Master replied dryly. “Come on, everyone into the car,” he ordered. “Irene can drive. Molly, hang on to his collar, I don’t want him to get scared and jump out,” he added, pointing them towards the backseat.
To Bay the atmosphere was very odd, though, and he looked uncertainly between the man and his master. It didn’t seem like Magnus thought an introduction was beneath him, more like it was somehow unnecessary. Unnecessary because they were all acquainted already.
been a slave, then. Sorry, mate.” This was addressed to a very confused Bay.
Aquamarine did
“Yes.”
“Anyway, why don’t you go to sleep,” Magnus suggested again, backing off. “Shower, food, sleep—people feel better after those things.” He settled into a chair and propped his feet up on the edge of the bed, intently studying his mobile.
“I wouldn’t get into a car with a nun,” Bay claimed, and Magnus snorted.
“Sorry, Master,” she cooed, not very contritely. “Molly said he was awake and I wanted to see him. Am I interrupting you?” Her meaning was clearly salacious.
Might be a long-term project, though.
John pulled Molly up from the deck and sat her on his lap. “Did you get any rest?” he asked solicitously. “You should take a nap later.” He brushed a stray hair back from her face, enjoying her shy smile at the attention. Molly was the quiet one, the one who was always doing things for others, obeying the rules, not causing trouble. It was sadly easy to overlook her. But when she was really happy she lit up the room, and John loved to see that.
Nico whipped away from him, slender body in a fighting stance—and in his hand was a knife. Okay, Ivan would admit to being pleasantly surprised by that one, and he grinned openly as they circled each other, which he could see discomfited the boy. “Very spirited,” he allowed, “but you’re just delaying the inevitable.”
Aquamarine stood quickly, the hand on his waistband practically holding the pants up. He hesitated to remove them, curious how his master would react to the refusal. There was no hope of retaining dignity as a slave; he had not been bought as a guard or laborer and his master clearly found him attractive, so the trousers would be coming off sooner or later. Flexing a little he hoped it was later; he wasn’t fully healed
“Ah, Anderson,” Magnus greeted archly, glancing back at Bay as if to check the slave’s expression. He was being carefully neutral, as was proper. “Here we are again.”
—Suddenly Aquamarine reached behind his neck and unclasped his collar, letting it fall into John’s lap. His eyes said this gesture was meaningful, and moreover that John was slow for not understanding him. John really appreciate the last part; it was so hard to chastise someone for how they
A flap in one wall was the way out. Bells attached to it jangled when he pushed through, startling him. A way of alerting the occupant to a visitor, perhaps to request permission to enter. Was a slave afforded such courtesy? The bells appeared easy to remove; being left in place suggested significance. Now he stood in a fabric hallway, also mysteriously lit. Rather elaborate engineering for a tent. No one else passed through but he heard murmurs here and there.
“The Loic never leave their lands,” the boy said suddenly, and everyone turned to look at him. “Not even to help us.” He sounded only slightly bitter.
“How are you feeling?” his master asked again. “Better?” Aquamarine nodded once. “Molly is very skillful,” his master agreed. “My name is John Watson. Say it aloud, please.”
it would really bother him, but these days he never knew. “Do you have my collar?” he inquired.
“No,” Magnus denied flatly. “I like watching you.”
“Is that what happened?” Bay asked carefully. “You blacked out?” The transport could’ve brought him home automatically—
Aquamarine was now racing back and forth across the yard, regaining his natural grace as he got used to the weight of the shoes. John figured he would, as soon as he accepted their necessity. Wildlings were as intelligent as anyone else, though good luck getting people like his mother to believe that; and Aquamarine was exceptional, no matter what his origins. John grimaced as this reminded him of Mycroft Holmes’s comments. That was not a man given to idle chit-chat. He didn’t seem like the sort to be interested in owning a wildling, though, even after John had tamed him. And John was already beginning to wonder if he might not keep Aquamarine permanently, instead of selling him on. He had to see how he got along with the girls better, though. They were John’s first priority.
“Aquamarine!” Molly chastised, putting her hand on his shoulder. He continued to glare at the man, who prudently decided he could take another route wherever he was going. It was rather obvious the man was having a secret affair with a slave owned by either his mother or an aunt, and Aquamarine didn’t want him getting any ideas about anyone from
Magnus did not believe him, but Bay clung to his bewilderment stubbornly. “Did you say London?” Bay asked, by way of distraction.
“You probably heal quickly,” Magnus continued, “and there might have been times when unexplainable things happened to you—like surviving against all odds, or something impossible that you desperately wanted coming true.” He watched Bay’s reaction closely.
“Hmm?” Magnus responded distractedly, gazing at his mobile.
, you live in this building! So I was able to rather easily obtain some of your own clothes for you. You’re welcome.”
“A human skull?” Bay asked faintly.
Bilbo wasn’t sure how long he’d been working when he felt a soft breeze and sensed he was no longer alone. He still managed to jump when he saw the dragon at the doorway, however. “Don’t blame
What a ridiculous question. Of course he couldn’t trust him. Bay was a slave; a sword hung over his head at all times.
Irene handed him the fork. Aquamarine speared an olive with it and ate it, demonstrating that he knew the proper use of a fork as well. Master nodded, satisfied but not complacent. “Irene, pour him some more tea, please. What did you see at the market today?”
“Do you have dreams, though?” Magnus asked him, probingly. “Dreams of other lives, other times and places? Dreams of
“Most people aren’t,” he asserted confidently. “They’re like… video game characters. Just filler.”
him to be compliant, wildling or not. “Do you want Irene to leave?” he offered reasonably. She made a disappointed noise, not hiding her eagerness to see him naked. Irene had clearly not been bought as a guard or laborer either.
This was not the response Magnus was looking for. “Well, I don’t understand why it’s not working,” he insisted, frowning. “Unless…” He fixed his blue gaze on Bay. “Are
what I’m like, don’t you, sweetie,” Irene cooed to him flirtatiously. It was clearly over the top, and Molly was rolling her eyes in the background; but Aquamarine looked intrigued.
at you.
Ivan looked at the boy thoughtfully for a moment, then turned back to his men and nodded at them dismissively. They all had their orders and filed out, each one taking note of the boy being left behind. The door slammed shut with finality.
Bay did not move to get up. “Sorry, what?” As if he could hope for a sensible explanation for anything from this man.
the battle, he would have gotten a good look at it, and if he’d never seen brutality on that scale before, it could be rather disturbing.
Molly was kneeling on the floor now, too, peering under the table in concern. Irene must have poked at Aquamarine; John heard him snarl and her squeal, and she sat down hard on the floor in surprise. “Irene, I told you,” he reminded her. He resumed his seat at the table with his coffee. “Just let him get used to things. Come on, Mum, sit down and have some breakfast.” Clearly she wasn’t sure if the table was safe, what with the wildling hiding under it. “He’s over here by me,” John added, feeling Aquamarine against his legs. “He won’t bother you.”
Bay glanced over at Lestrade and found his expression was attentive, mystified, but also oddly satisfied, like he knew Magnus was going to crack this one somehow, once he got going. He sensed Bay’s eyes on him and his face went more neutral, slightly concerned, and he glanced at the slave, who quickly went back to watching his master.
“Look, I’ll give you a drink when we get on the transport,” Magnus promised. Weak point. “Only I want to get out of here—“
“I got some clothes for Aquamarine, Master,” she told him innocently. “Like you said.” She held out her hand to the kneeling slave, waggling her fingers and smiling like a witch offering candy to children. “Come on, Aquamarine, let’s go try them on.”
This made the man roll his eyes. “Sometimes I think he doesn’t even try,” he judged, which seemed rather insulting. “He was supposed to be
Nico sighed. “Stop, you’ll just get it dirty,” he ordered, taking a closer look. “I said
“Of the body,” Magnus clarified. “Go check it out.”
There was a shout and the man’s slave furiously rushed them, moonlight glittering off his knife. Without another thought Aquamarine threw himself at the man, between the attacker and his master, sinking his teeth into the flesh of the other slave’s throat with a ferocious snarl. His scream was cut short in the still night air, and then he too was bleeding out on the dry earth beside his master.
“You’re doing very well against my boots,” Ivan grunted as the boy wrestled with the second one. Fifteen, sixteen, Ivan guessed idly of his age. Some his age would be considered men.
“Oh, he might fall—“
“Stop it,” John told both of them with a sigh. He hoped he wasn’t always going to be moderating spats between them. “Aquamarine, it’s not yours, is it, so put it back. Irene, why don’t you and Molly go and have a lie-down, you’ve been up since before dawn.”
Master abruptly put a hand over his eyes and turned his head away. “Don’t stare at the lights,” he ordered. “You’ll hurt your eyes. I’ll show you how they work later.” He removed his hand cautiously and black spots danced in front of Aquamarine’s eyes. “When you’re at the bookstore,” Master added to Irene and Molly, “get him some books. Children’s non-fiction with lots of pictures,” he suggested. Aquamarine was already learning how to read the language Master’s books were written in; Molly was
“Twenty-two Northumberland Street. Hurry up!”
. There was
Bilbo treated the endearments like a cultural quirk, something that didn’t translate quite right. “Fine, thank you,” he replied politely. “And you?”
Aquamarine turned and took several almost normal steps with great confidence, and John nodded. Then suddenly he tripped over a boot and fell face-first onto the deck with a smack that made John wince. He stopped Molly and Irene from going to him, though, waiting to see how he reacted. After a moment Aquamarine rose up on all fours, shook himself, and clambered gracelessly to his feet, jaw clenched with determination. He started walking again and John relaxed.
John resisted rolling his eyes. He was glad they were concerned about Aquamarine; sometimes they didn’t take to new slaves well, even those who seemed more compatible, on the surface, than a wildling. “He’s fine,” he assured them, though he found himself watching Aquamarine’s ascent closely. It was slower this time, and his shoes occasionally slipped on the branches the way his bare feet hadn’t. He disappeared behind the leaves, portions of the tree shaking to indicate where he was. Only when he reemerged on his way back down did John relax slightly, and realize he’d been tense at all.
John sighed and turned back to the map on his phone. “Let’s just get this over with,” he insisted. “Domestics are this way.”
It was all deliberate—Bay was not fool enough to miss that. But he also knew he couldn’t play mind games with a mad man. So he laid back down, still facing his master who was pretending to ignore him, and closed his eyes.
His master waited calmly, fully
A woman came out from behind the screen, but not Molly. Older, plain clothes, no collar, understandably startled by him. He dropped to his knees quickly and bowed his head, expecting a cuff on the ear for the intrusion.
“Well, it
,” she complained, glaring at Molly, who’d flopped down on the couch.
“Um, the fire—” Bilbo pointed out delicately. Magnus’s chortling could easily extinguish it.
. Maybe… he was a genius. Geniuses were often eccentric. Didn’t necessarily mean they were bad. Bay shook his head slightly, telling himself not to let his guard down for cheekbones and cleverness.
any friends in childhood. After this brief assessment, he tossed the search out, and sipped his tea.
“John?” He tried not to sigh as his mother stepped out the back door to join him. There were logistical reasons why it was easier to transport himself here rather than directly to London; but sometimes he thought the extra hassle might be worth it. His mother glanced around as she approached, giving the small tent a long look. “Where’s, um--?”
At this Bay took a deep breath and let it out, then stood, wincing as he did so. He’d have a bruise on his leg, he predicted. “No,” he replied firmly, and turned to go.
“My will is all I have,” Bay snapped, without meaning to. Once out the words hung on the air. “I’d like to not be in pain but I don’t see how just staring at me is going to do it,” he added in a quieter tone. He kept his eyes firmly on his hands, clasping the cane between his knees.
wind—too strong to use her umbrella. We know from her suitcase that she was intending to stay overnight,” he continued confidently—again Bay did not remember any such object, but maybe Magnus had spotted it downstairs—“so she must have come a decent distance but she can’t have traveled more than two or three hours because her coat still hasn’t dried. So, where has there been heavy rain and strong wind within the radius of that travel time?” He brandished his phone, showing a regional weather map. “Cardiff.”
Sherlock’s lack of response to this was response enough. “Domestics,” he pointed out, and John made a sharp turn down the aisle he’d almost missed.
,” John suddenly realized. Slave collars came off when slaves were sold to new owners. “You’re worried I’m going to sell you soon?” The way Aquamarine’s gaze skittered away was answer enough. “Why? Because I said—not because I said you wouldn’t be sharing my bed tonight!” He couldn’t stop some disbelief from entering his tone; obviously feeling mocked, Aquamarine turned away from him stiffly.
“Alright.” His master left and he whimpered, involuntary really, he felt dizzy without the anchor of the man’s voice, touch, scent. That was foolish, dangerous, but right now he would cling to anything. Then his master returned, pressing a cup of earthy liquid under his nose. “Drink this, Aquamarine. Come on, drink it.” He drank, messily, suspecting what it was and welcoming it. “Shh, you’ll feel better when you wake up,” his master promised, as an unnatural heaviness suffused his limbs. “Good boy. Good boy, Aquamarine.”
; he was a wildling, after all.
“John!” his mother called from the back door. She wanted him to come in before the neighbors—who were probably still sound asleep—saw him holding the man who was having a nervous breakdown in the yard.
“Yes, ma’am.”
Magnus gave a short sigh, having predicted this. “You might have dreams that are really memories of our previous lives,” he went on anyway. “Something historical, or sci-fi or otherwise nonsensical.”
“Don’t ever leave without my permission again,” Master ordered him. “Do you understand that you went off into the desert with a murderer, and didn’t tell anyone you were going? Hmm?” He gave Aquamarine a little shake. “If I hadn’t been able to track you, you could have been killed. And that’s not very clever at all.”
“Aquamarine,” John supplied. It wasn’t that odd of a name for a slave, John had just let his previous two keep the names they were used to. There was an answering yip from above them and John looked up to see how high he’d gotten. “He’s climbing the tree,” he added—unnecessary as a statement of fact, but it let his mother know he approved of the activity.
“I don’t think he’ll fall,” John countered mildly. Without his father’s more adventurous influence she might have smothered him and Harry as children, with all her worrying. The leaves rustled and a green acorn bounced off his head, and then Aquamarine crouched on the lowest branch, blinking at them. “See, he’s fine.” Aquamarine, for his part, seemed slightly suspicious that he’d been allowed to do such a thing. “You’re a good climber, aren’t you?” John praised. “Are you ready for some lunch now?”
Bay stopped in his tracks, stumbling only a little as Magnus was yanked back. “I’d rather have a drink now.” He kept his eyes on the ground. Fear entered into it very little these days; there was so little to lose.
“You’re Mrs. Hudson, the housekeeper, right?” Bay checked, just in case.
“No,” Bay agreed.
Fortunately Aquamarine was shaking it off and getting up before John even made it out to him. He plopped back down when he saw John coming, though, sitting flat on the ground as he discovered the shoes made it difficult to kneel comfortably.
Resolutely he turned and hobbled back onto the sidewalk. If they wanted him, they would have to take him.
tasted bad and stung his eyes, though.
“Hush,” he murmured to Aquamarine, giving him a final squeeze. Then he climbed to his feet. “Hello, Mrs. Rogers,” he told the woman politely, yanking on Aquamarine’s shoulder to make him stand. He wandered over to the hedge. “How are you today? Just visiting Mum for a couple days.”
He did not like the
He still jumped when the phone began to ring. The Caller ID showed only an anonymous caller, and he looked over at Magnus questioningly, desperately hoping his master would not make him answer.
think, don’t you?” It was not something nice.
“You’re not too hot with that jumper?” John checked with him, then chuckled at Aquamarine’s look of disbelief. Clearly he wasn’t sure it was
“You’re not here to
“Well come down anyway,” John told him. “You don’t have to eat much.”
, personally warm, alone.
He rose and followed Molly into the hall. “Master said he wanted to see you when you woke up,” she chattered, constantly turning back to look at him. “You were out for three days!” This seemed a long time to her; it matched what his internal clock told him, but wasn’t nearly enough time to feel as well as he did. Triple-checking that mind was clear.
There was a pause, and then Magnus suddenly flipped the pink suitcase shut and shoved it onto the floor off to the side. Bay closed his eyes and braced himself for the first blow, feeling almost relieved that it was finally going to start.
“I want you to get some clothes for Aquamarine, too,” he added.
“Suitcase, yes,” Magnus repeated patronizingly. “She’s been married at least ten years, but not happily. She’s had a string of lovers but none of them knew she was married.”
Passage of time: a few hours, should be shortly after sunrise. Little sleep had been required. More would be appreciated, the body requisitioned, but was denied; mind needed stimulation more than body needed rest. Why was the air
Aquamarine growled at Irene and John distracted him by running his fingers through his hair. “Those jeans are marvelous, Irene,” he complimented her, and she smirked knowingly. “How did you get him into them?”
“Yes, I prefer to avoid those,” Bay agreed.
“We don’t go on long marches much,” Nico pointed out. They had been a prosperous and largely peaceful kingdom, for several generations at least. Unfortunate for them that something Ivan wanted had been born in their midst. And that he was not the type to just ask for things politely.
Magnus’s voice dripped with sarcasm. “I think he wants me to take a look.”
was magic? Magic was for children and old people and slaves in denial of reality.
“You’re a clever boy, ain’t you?” the man said, his smirk slightly twisted. “Cleverer than all them fancy masters with their shiny boots and loose cash. Well go on then, if you’re so clever. Swallow it down.”
“Well, we’ll have to get them trimmed sometime,” John decided. Irene snorted, imagining the work
he remembered it, the man had just
“I was invited.”
“I need a collar!” Bay snapped, forcefully enough that Magnus stopped in his tracks and slowly turned around to face him. Bay clutched the cane between his knees until his knuckles turned white, trying and failing to keep himself quiet. “Do you know what happens to uncollared slaves who get picked up by the police?” he asked, and tumbled on when Magnus didn’t respond quickly enough. “They’re held in jail for thirty days while the police advertise their picture. They won’t contact the owner, even if the slave gives them their information. If the owner doesn’t come to claim them—and get in trouble for letting them out uncollared—they’re sold at state auction.”
think I ought to do with them?” he asked.
He made Master uncomfortable, but he was powerful, a social superior, Aquamarine judged. Thus Master tried to remain cordial. “I already gave Lestrade my report,” he said briskly. “And we’re headed home, you can find us there if you need to.”
“Who is Mrs. Hudson?” He remembered the name being mentioned before, but not her position.
Master finally eased his hold on Aquamarine and slipped probing fingers through his hair. “No, I’m making sure his injuries have healed. He’d been badly mistreated.” Aquamarine heard the anger underlying his tone; both that and the actual words surprised him. Not that he thought he’d been
slavery in this world? And then the head injury. Bad luck, that.” He stopped suddenly, making Bay stumble, and turned to the slave with a sober expression. “I suppose you’ve had a rough time of it,” he suggested seriously.
“I’m not a nursemaid,” Nico protested.
during them, but they made him feel like he wasn’t under scrutiny, even if he was.
“Does he, um, speak?” Mrs. Watson asked, clearly not sure if this was the sort of thing one discussed.
Molly touched the lashes on the back of his thighs and he made the loudest noise possible, while keeping his mouth shut, his fists clenching the blanket beneath him. “Sorry,” she said again, miserably.
“Was he going to eat the
“Obvious?” Lestrade clearly did not find it so. Neither did Bay. “What about the message, though?”
The large vehicle loomed right in front of them and Magnus gestured for him to get on first. The cabin was spacious and Bay sat in one of the seats automatically, reaching for the restraining belt to pull across himself. Magnus tapped at the control panel on the wall and the door slid shut, sealing them off from the heat and the dust of the market. The interior was cool and clean; Bay felt like he was soiling it. Well, it was just a transport. He leaned his head back and closed his dry eyes.
“I can look after myself,” Irene countered, shifting gears and speeding up abruptly down the empty, sand-covered road.
Aquamarine looked at the pill in his hand. He looked at the pill in the man’s hand. Had he made the right decision? Had he played the game correctly? There was only one way to find out. Kneeling on the hard-packed earth, he raised the pill up to the moonlight, as though he could see some difference in it.
“Come closer, please, Aquamarine,” his master repeated, drying his hands on a towel. The ‘please’ was polite, but not pleading.
to Bay. “That must have been interesting.” He seemed to expect a response, and Magnus was just going to let Bay dangle.
“He’ll fry to a crisp if he goes outside,” she deflected. “He’s
“Yes. Thank you,” Bay added, with more sincerity than he usually allotted. He wondered if he ought to apologize for his outburst. But the outburst had impressed upon Magnus the seriousness of the situation, and Magnus didn’t look like he was waiting for an apology. So he kept silent.
“He was a serial killer, Greg,” Master remarked dryly.
There was another room just across from his and he peered inside, careful not to set off the bells. The room smelled like Molly. He could see several pieces of furniture, a trunk, a low table, a chair back, a rod holding clothing, a wooden folding screen. Behind it there was movement, faint splashing. He slipped inside, drawn by curiosity. Molly had helped him. It was difficult to trust people, the dynamics were always complex, but she
magic, though, so you should be able to understand it well enough. Just have a little patience.”
Aquamarine made a pleased noise. Then he held out one foot to John. “Oh no,
“Also required?” Magnus surmised.
“Why don’t you lie down and take a nap,” Magnus suggested, moving away from the bed, “and you’ll feel better when you wake up.”
“Okay.” Bay pushed himself up and tottered to the bed, lying down on his side facing Magnus. It was not a fast or painless process.
“Yes, Master,” she agreed, with resignation.
“Sorry, it’s involuntary,” Bay dared to respond, making eye contact briefly. He didn’t
A salesman in a dark suit stepped up to them smoothly. “Can I help you gentlemen?” he asked.
customers, mind, but in rival taverns, or in the street.”
Such was life as the guest of a dragon.
was the sort of furniture he was used to, not the grandiose kings’ ware. Though, he did usually prefer a bit more… life around him. Fortunately there were no dead bodies he could see, but the place was as silent as a tomb.
“There is a security camera on the building to your left,” a man replied, who was
they didn’t usually have patients sit on their laps.
“Yes, he ripped a man’s throat out,” Master told them matter-of-factly. Molly made a distressed noise and Aquamarine momentarily draped himself across her lap, staring up at her with crystal blue eyes. He wouldn’t hurt
or the
Magnus was literally tossing things over his shoulder as he discarded them. “Oh, hmm, how about this?” he said triumphantly, pulling out something narrow and black. He wobbled into the bed as they hit some turbulence but hardly seemed to notice as he brought the object to Bay.
Magnus waved his hand dismissively. “No, I know who gave you a lift,” he claimed. “Did he offer you money to spy on me?”
“Honestly, you need to heal up,” Magnus told him impatiently. “I doubt we’ll have much downtime over the next few days.”
was still wrong with Aquamarine, at least if you discounted the whole ‘slave being bought and sold, with no control over his own life’ thing. Surely he didn’t want to know how Aquamarine felt about
“Did Aquamarine attack someone, Master?” Irene asked innocently. She glanced pointedly back at Molly.
Bay perched on the edge of the booth and Magnus handed him a plastic bottle, cold from the mini-fridge. He opened it immediately and took a sip, grimacing slightly at the chalky flavor, then examined the label.
Then he went for his head, turning it to either side to look at his ears. His master’s touch was firm, clinical, but also gentle, the necessary contact augmented by an extra caress or lingering graze. “Ears fine, jaw, nose, mouth better,” he murmured to himself. “Eyes… can’t even see it now.” His thumb brushed the skin above Aquamarine’s left eye. “Very nice. Is your vision alright?” He nodded. “Not blurred?” He shook his head. “How do your teeth feel? Are any of them loose?” Aquamarine ran his tongue along them experimentally, then shook his head again.
“See, he’ll get it,” he soothed Irene, who was still looking peeved over the whole adventure. “You picked out very nice clothes for him. Mrs. Hudson gave you the sizes?” Somehow the housekeeper always seemed to know the proper fit.
John tried not to worry. Aquamarine seemed very adept at climbing, and knew to test the branches before putting his weight on them. Being up that high was probably quite novel to him.
“Depends on what you want,” Nico decided sensibly. “Do you want to sit on our throne and rule? Do you want to carry off some plunder and then go away? No one can figure it out.”
Interesting description of the housekeeper’s duties. “I see.”
“If you like.” He had to catch himself from adding the ‘sir’ automatically—it covered so many sins, like an intemperate tone.
“Stop
“You’ve not taken very good care of him,” the man accused; for a moment Bay thought he was talking to
“Your deodorant told me that,” Magnus claimed.
“Well, you can bring me some,” he allowed. “Molly, see if you can catch him and put some on him, the sun is getting fierce out here.” Nothing compared to the desert they’d just been in, but one didn’t want to get complacent.
Magnus seemed to really want an answer this time. “Maybe she left it at home,” Bay suggested. That was the kind of normal bad luck that happened to people.
Bay relaxed as the call ended. “Someone who stole the phone from what they thought was a corpse might panic, too,” he suggested. “Or conversely, someone who was trying to return the phone to its owner.”
But the idea of a criminal Hobbit delighted the dragon. “So small and adorable, who would believe you’d just stolen their money?” Magnus chortled.
John did not want to hear Sherlock’s answer. “They’re not a package deal, though, are they?” he checked. “We’re really only looking for one domestic.”
Location: tent, floor, blankets, pillows, dimly lit but not dark, cool, dry, interior room, good quality, unfurnished, alone.
If so, best to give him his money’s worth.
This was not a summer camp, Bilbo wanted to point out to him, where he could just play all day free of care. That seemed imprudent, though. “Well, I like to do useful things,” Bilbo told him.
Master had other ideas, though. He cupped Aquamarine’s cheek with one hand, then mimicked the action on the other side, and then suddenly his hands were a vise keeping Aquamarine in place rather than caressing him. “I know you went with that man on your own,” Master said in a low voice, meeting Aquamarine’s gaze. “You weren’t kidnapped. You suspected he was the killer and you went with him to find out how he did it. Because you think you’re so very clever, much cleverer than anyone else.”
Bay remained standing, pushing the man’s temperament. “I need to get back to my master,” he stated, pointedly.
He limped into the foyer, full of doilies and complicated clocks. “Magnus is here?”
“Yes. These murders should keep him happy for a while,” the man observed, as if this was a silly little quirk of Magnus’s. “We wouldn’t want him to get bored, would we? But
Bay cleared his throat, surprised at how suddenly it constricted. He
“Yes.” Okay then.
Ungraciously, Aquamarine crawled across the tent—in no hurry—and tugged Master’s boots off. He wondered if he’d be assigned to polish them, as the others were polished. Rich Westerners liked to have shiny boots, pointless as that was in this environment. Was Master too pragmatic to insist on that, or would he tip over onto the side of military cleanliness? More data needed.
“Oh, we’re
online filtering.
“Stop,” he whispered.
Bay judged where the main road might be and awkwardly lifted the police tape to get past it. “No, lots to do,” Bay agreed with her lightly. “I’ll just pick up a cab on the main road, ma’am.” Because cabs stopped for slaves
it. Slavery, like the Army, was filled with terror and boredom—but this master was
“I’m not implying
Aquamarine saw the Jeep pulling up with Molly and Irene and became agitated all over again. There was too much commotion here; he needed them all safely home. “What happened?” demanded Irene, jumping from the driver’s seat.
“Well, sort of,” Magnus clarified. He was reading through something on his phone. “It changes each time, the specific person, some of the details. Get boring otherwise. I know it’s someone easily overlooked, who has free access to most places, someone people will get into a car with, no questions asked. I’ve already ruled out cab drivers and car valets, also EMTs and the police, and nuns. Been there, done that.”
“The three of them work better as a team,” the salesman explained. His tone tried to make this seem normal, but it finally attracted even Sherlock’s attention. “They were raised together from childhood, like siblings.”
John thought he heard raised voices coming from the upstairs, and growling; he rolled his eyes. He’d warned them. Some people thought John too lenient with his slaves, but he knew Molly and Irene would obey without question when he gave them a true order. Maybe someday Aquamarine would, too; it was too soon to tell. But he didn’t like to micromanage every moment of their lives.
Then John caught sight of Aquamarine, who was digging through a bag and chucking items of no interest over his shoulder, much as Taffy would have done but at least without the drool and teeth marks. “Aquamarine—“ The slave was twisting a blue lace bra around, trying to figure out what it was for.
Tugging and pulling at his wrists, and the restraints dropped away. He felt ten pounds lighter. That’s probably what they weighed, anyway. He experimented with walking with the cane, always keeping near the pole he’d been bound to, his good eye able to look up and around now in brief, furtive glances. The world came into focus around him, bright and colorful. The man in the silver-grey suit was tall, held himself with confidence; Bay swept his eye over him then dropped it back down subserviently.
“Opinions differ,” Bay replied, and dared to shut the door. It didn’t lock, of course. Quickly he stripped off his shoes and clothes, so filthy he didn’t even want to contemplate them, and chucked the whole bundle into the hall. He followed the instructions on the wall to activate the health scan first, including the finger prick that would reveal the secrets of his DNA. Nothing that hadn’t been done before, and he tried to relax and stand still as the red laser beam washed over him, front then back, detailing all of his injuries for his new master to see. The reading should keep him occupied for a while.
He was some kind of warlord, Viking-esque really—which was rather odd, okay, he was blond, but he’d never been a
“Get some sleep,” he suggested, and closed his own eyes. Behind them he envisioned the person Nico would grow to be, to remember; the memories must already be returning, perhaps as dreams, fragments of other times and places that didn’t make sense. Maybe they confused and frightened him. Maybe when he first saw his conqueror’s face he was astonished, because it was familiar from his dreams, impossible as that seemed. It reeked of magic, and magic was as forbidden here as same-sex relations. No wonder the boy was so tense.
but dull.
“Oh, mud probably,” he claimed. “He can be rather messy. I’ll get him cleaned up after breakfast.” Aquamarine made a soft whimpering noise, trying to look innocent.
Ivan smirked. “Well I have to
; she just bought into the stereotype that wildlings were untrustworthy and violent, and owned only by people with dangerous, kinky tastes. Not really something John was comfortable with his mother thinking about, frankly.
Since Master was right there, Aquamarine met Irene’s gaze suddenly, boldly, and raked his eyes down her body, immodestly presented in the black lace gown. Wildlings had a reputation for being wild in
he would be obeyed, and there was no need to be overbearing about it.
“I do get bored,” Magnus admitted readily. “If I were going to play psychological games, I would pick a more powerful mind than yours, though.” He seemed to mean this reassuringly.
Ivan wheeled back around and shut the boy up with a look. “Actually, I sent one of
“No,” Bay sputtered, intemperate and worse, unconvincingly. Other lives, times, and places, yes; when he vanished into his mind, leaving his body to its fate, he cherished such fantasies, so vivid and detailed, and sometimes surprising to him, literally dreams rather than conscious imaginings, he supposed. He was certain he had never pictured this tall stranger, with his cut-glass cheekbones, piercing eyes, full lips. He could never conjure anyone so striking. But maybe there was sometimes a presence lurking in his dreams, just out of focus, magnetic like this man was magnetic, drawing him in like they were halves of the same whole. “No,” Bay repeated reflexively. One
“Calm down, boy,” Ivan hissed in his ear. His voice was thick with sleep, grumpy almost; it was humanizing to Nico and he stilled as his mind righted itself. “I’m just keeping you warm. Your chattering teeth woke me.” The air outside the blankets
The woman relaxed slightly as she remembered who he was. “Oh, right, you’re the doctor, aren’t you?” she remarked. Her eyes drifted over to Aquamarine and John took a quick look to make sure he wasn’t doing anything strange. She could see his collar plainly enough, and slaves weren’t normally introduced unless some sort of interaction was necessary.
“I am a consulting detective, the only one in the world,” Magnus announced, “brilliant, eccentric, antisocial. You are my new slave who assists me in cases—your medical and military background is invaluable in the field, and because you’re a slave, you just have to put up with the misanthropic things I do.” He grinned, so cheeky and self-aware, that Bay chuckled involuntarily. “But I’m going to be a good master,” he promised sincerely. “I know you don’t believe that either. But you’ll see. Only, you might have to remind me of things sometimes,” he conceded, “or just take care of it yourself. Can we start with that?”
“Bay! Come in here,” Magnus summoned, so he did as he was told. There was a narrow hallway, with a little room for the toilet on one side and some other little room on the other, and then the second cabin, which was more kitchen-like with cabinets and a built-in table and booths. The windows here were uncovered and Bay could see the city rushing away in a tan haze, the fields zipping by below them, the roads with their terrestrial autos.
Magnus rolled his eyes. “I doubt that.” He dropped his mobile in his pocket. “Alright, I’ll fix your leg,” he declared. Bay blinked at him. “Well, how does it feel?” Magnus prompted, expectantly.
The other police officers glanced at him, then each other, then their boss as Lestrade, with Bay limping behind him, stepped out onto the landing. “Magnus, there was no case!” Lestrade called down the stairs.
“She’s German,” Anderson stated from the doorway. Bay hadn’t noticed him appear there. “
“No idea,” Magnus shrugged. “Does it fit?”
“Already?”
“Bay? Bay, wake up. Are you asleep?” He blinked his eyes, always slightly shocked to find himself back in reality—and slightly shocked at how he’d been awakened this time, with a gentle touch to his cheek and his name softly called. Usually it was a sharp smack that disrupted his dreams, and made him burrow into them all the more.
turn off. Though a medieval battle was perhaps not the best situation for finding something admirable about humanity.
barbarians, though,” he allowed. “Tomorrow
“Her coat!” Magnus insisted. “It’s slightly damp. She’s been in heavy rain in the last few hours. No rain anywhere in London at that time.” Amazingly. “Under her coat collar is damp, too. She’s turned it up against the wind. She’s got an umbrella in her left-hand pocket but it’s dry and unused—not just wind,
“Sell,” John repeated, frowning. Or was it ‘cell,’ like a living cell, or a prison cell? Aquamarine made a noise of frustration. “Alright, I’m not sure what you mean,” he admitted, trying to be patient. “You’re very tense all of a sudden. Can you come here? Lie down.” He got Aquamarine to lie down on his side with his head in John’s lap, though the slave still insisted on keeping his knees drawn up tight. John glanced idly at the gap this made in his clothes, now at his lower back. “Trust Irene to get the low-rise jeans,” he muttered, stroking Aquamarine’s hair. “Now what’s the problem? You were fine until I mentioned the sleeping arrangements—”
. So instead of trying to stare the boy down, he
“What
“Oh.”
“Right, then. The case.” Magnus retrieved the pink suitcase and placed it between them again, and Bay sat up attentively. “You were going to ask me how I found this,” he prompted.
“Okay. Definitely send it?”
like being towed through the tent by his collar, it choked if he didn’t keep up with Master. And it made him feel like he’d done something bad. But he hadn’t! He’d done something good and saved Master’s life. And, he’d helped catch a serial killer, when no one else realized who it was. But now he was being dragged along like an undisciplined child, and he growled to show his displeasure.
Bay nodded. “Thank you.” He could see that in this situation, he needed to take what he could get.
For once in his life Aquamarine could not formulate a coherent thought. His master had killed someone to save him. His master had tracked him and his kidnapper (Aquamarine used the term loosely) through the desert, and had killed him. This was something wholly new in Aquamarine’s experience and he didn’t know how to react to it, staring at his master dumbly and no doubt only further alarming him.
Aquamarine growled in frustration. ‘Come and tell me’ like it was so easy to articulate the ideas, the connections, racing through his brain—and even if he
“You won’t be unduly traumatized by a dead body?”
John glanced over to check and did a double-take at Molly’s hands. “Did he scratch you?” he asked in concern, leaning down to take one of her red-streaked hands in his. Aquamarine whimpered in protest but John ignored him.
“Very evocative,” the man agreed, again looking at Bay. It was phrased almost as a direct compliment.
to be too hot here.
,” he added firmly, and the slave finally dropped from the tree to kneel at his feet. John ran his fingers through his hair. “What’s the matter? It was alright for you to climb the tree, I would’ve called you down earlier if it wasn’t. Come on, then.” He nudged Aquamarine slightly with his knee.
going wrong,” Magnus persisted, staring at Bay’s leg as though he could convince it to surrender.
was amazing; the
They pulled up to the tent, the guards at the entrance jumping stiffly to attention. Aquamarine bounded out of the Jeep, eager to move freely once again—the Jeep was
“Yes, I’m sure you do,” his master remarked dryly. “Enough with this ‘sir’ nonsense. No more ‘sir.’ Call me Magnus.” There was an expectant pause.
Master did not pay much attention to that. They entered Master’s room, the bells at the entrance clanging as Aquamarine stumbled into them, and Master pulled Aquamarine’s collar until he was kneeling. Master could just
idea. He knew perfectly well what a motorized vehicle was, he’d ridden in them before and even knew several ways to disable them. He tried to express this by hopping confidently into the backseat, and then wedging himself between the front two seats for a better view of the road. Master signaled to Irene to go and she navigated out of the cluster of people and vehicles.
John sighed. “That’s Aquamarine,” he told his mother, who was looking very uncertain about the whole thing.
A couple of police officers hurried up the stairs past Bay, seeing him no more than they would a post once they’d spotted the collar, and one of them actually knocked into him as he took the turn too wide. Neither even glanced back and for one horrible moment Bay thought he might fall, painful and humiliating, but he managed to steady himself.
Both Aquamarine and Irene made noise beside him. They were two of a kind, really, both dramatic and attention-seeking. Obviously John didn’t mind those traits, either—he was looking forward to watching them play together, their competitiveness could be quite combustible. Which was not really something he should be thinking about while holding Molly.
would know not to f—k with him.
“It has protein, carbs, vitamins,” Magnus listed, sitting down across from him. “I expect you’re malnourished, it’s good for you.”
He finally paused. “Was I? I didn’t realize.”
“Some people like that sort of thing,” Bay dared to respond.
“Yes, good idea.” Bilbo tried to sound pleasant but his voice was increasingly strained. Sometimes—not surprising really, he supposed—being the guest of a dragon really started to get to him. He clutched at some fabric to keep his hands from shaking, pretending to scrutinize it closely.
“Well thank G-d
He seemed to be waiting for a response. “Ah,” Bay acknowledged.
John sat down next to him. “You alright?” he checked.
. They were too tight around important bits, and Irene laughed at him when she saw him and said he had them on backwards; Master sent her away before she could “help” fix them. Master tried to tell him they were the civilized thing to wear, but once he’d whimpered and writhed enough Master let him take them off. Torture device, really.
“General spiritualism? Humanism?”
!” Lestrade refuted in irritation.
helped him, which was a good start.
“That’s how you want to play, is it?” Ivan murmured in his ear. “Little boys shouldn’t play with knives unless they know how to use them.” Nico was speechless with rage, his face flushed, squirming in Ivan’s grip in a way that was a little too enjoyable. “Calm down,” Ivan ordered him, then nuzzled his dark curls. “Calm down and I’ll let you go.” He dropped a kiss on the boy’s neck. “Stop struggling and I’ll let you go.”
Aquamarine contemplated the object. He knew what it meant to sit on a chair-like object—benches, stairs, car seats. He just felt awkward doing so. Molly and Irene were obviously allowed, even expected, to sit on the furniture. He pulled the chair away from the table and, with only a small loss of grace, climbed up to crouch in it.
“Sorry,” Bay gasped, trying to muzzle himself.
“What links the deaths?” Bay asked reasonably. As previously established, he wasn’t really up on current events. “Are they all thirtyish Welsh women in pink?”
“Good boy, you’re a good boy, aren’t you,” Molly was telling Aquamarine as she spread the sunscreen over his face and neck. Irene was too independent for Molly to coddle, but Aquamarine seemed to enjoy it so far. John saw him lick her hand, then twist his face up as he tasted the sunscreen, and he tried not to laugh. Molly did, though, in a pleasant way that didn’t seem to irritate the other slave. Then Aquamarine was off and running around the yard again.
“She was writing ‘Rachel’?”
“How hard did he try to defend you?” Ivan asked, his voice persuasive. “You think he didn’t know what I wanted you for? I bet he let you go rather easily.” He could see from Nico’s expression he was right. “So I’m guessing you’re supposed to be either a spy, or an assassin.” Or an offering, from a captive king willing to sacrifice his stepson to appease a conqueror; but Ivan didn’t have the heart to suggest that idea.
“What?” Bay asked, not keeping his tone as subservient as he ought. He was getting tired of all these games, though—that was not his purpose, he was sure. He was just a slave.
He knelt down on the grass himself and pulled the slave close. “Hey, you’re going to be alright,” he assured him, rubbing his thin back. “I know there’s a lot to understand, but you’ll figure it out. You’re very clever, after all.” He said this lightly and Aquamarine rested his head on his shoulder, but only for a moment; then he tensed and snarled. “What?” John leaned back and saw him looking over his shoulder—when he twisted himself around he saw his mother’s neighbor watching them over a low point in the hedge.
“Beautiful,” he assured her, and she nodded and went back to her phone.
“Goodness,” Mrs. Watson commented as they crossed the deck. There was dismay in her tone, but then again there usually was. She moved aside to let John and Aquamarine enter the kitchen.
John stifled a sigh. “Mum, could you go check on lunch, please?” he asked politely. She was reluctant to leave but finally did, casting nervous glances back over her shoulder. Once she was out of earshot he turned back to Aquamarine with an expectant look. “What’s wrong?” he asked. His neck was starting to get stiff from staring upwards. “Aquamarine, get down now.
,” he said with loathing.
“Mrs. Hudson is our housekeeper, she’ll see to your meals and laundry,” Master went on pragmatically. “You’re to do as she says. You can wander around the tent as you like but don’t go into someone’s room without permission.” He gave Irene a slightly pointed look.
Magnus sprang to his feet and threw open the door. “Suitcase!” he shouted as he clattered down the stairs. “Did anyone find a suitcase? Was there a suitcase in this house!”
“You’re like my
“I usually keep a skull on the mantel, but sometimes Mrs. Hudson takes it,” Magnus explained.
Master’s fingers tangled through his hair soothingly. “Hey,” he murmured. “Do you understand?”
He didn’t
“You sent one of your barbarians
Mrs. Hudson rolled her eyes. “You’d better go up and see him, dear,” she advised, and bustled away. Bay shook his head and started to climb the narrow staircase.
Irene nodded, appreciating the praise. “He wouldn’t wear pants, though, Master,” she smirked, “but I didn’t think those were essential.”
“I’m afraid it still hurts,” Bay replied carefully. “Uh, thanks, though. I appreciate—“
she was writing Rachel—no other word can it be. Question is, why did she wait until she was dying to write it?”
“He doesn’t remember,” he finally informed the man. “Head injury.”
“No,” Bay agreed.
He was facedown on the floor of the tent, naked, his new master straddling him. Naturally he was trying to fight this, despite the futility of it. He’d been beaten by masters, beaten by their guests, beaten by the slave merchants when the masters finally gave up on him. But still he fought, whenever he could. He couldn’t resign himself to the life he was confined to. That was his flaw. His mind was too active to shut down, like the slaves around him. Even though it might actually be better for him. Perhaps that was what his new master had seen in the marketplace. Perhaps that was what he wanted, a dangerous toy who was smarter than he was, who would always be plotting something.
be quiet and obedient, though,” Nico countered, and Ivan raised an eyebrow at him.
have a string of lovers, and one
“Castlemaine,” Sherlock supplied, watching the bold woman’s reaction carefully.
“I can give you two minutes,” Lestrade offered.
The dragon crunched through the gold coins like snow, his movements sinuous and sure-footed. From this high Bilbo could see none of it clearly, but he still winced slightly at the thought of the valuable objects that were being trampled underfoot. He spent a certain amount of time sorting through the treasure most days and had found so many crushed paintings and shredded tapestries, he’d started a pile of them in an empty room. If it wasn’t gold the dragon didn’t care so much about it. And apparently he wasn’t afraid of splinters, either.
Magnus shook his head, though. “She has a string of lovers and she’s careful about it,” he insisted. “She
flirtatious looks; Aquamarine had seen plenty of bad things happen to slaves who drew too much attention to themselves.
Aquamarine suddenly spread his arms, as if trying to encompass everything. Well, maybe he was. “You could probably see a long way from the top of that tree,” John realized. “Other houses, cars on the road, maybe the buildings downtown and the fields outside of town?”
Aquamarine pouted; but he held still while Irene put the other shoe on him. Then he slowly swung around until he was sitting upright in the chair again, getting used to the feeling of the heavy boots on his feet. Irene tapped her foot impatiently behind the chair, but John merely watched, letting Aquamarine adjust. Awkwardly he pushed himself out of the chair, standing in the boots and trying to get more comfortable all over again. Irene sighed loudly and John held out his hand to her, letting her settle gracefully on his lap.
“Thank you.”
“What about
to a slave. At least, not right away, not before you’d taken the measure of his temper. “I
“If somebody unrelated had the phone, they’d ignore a text like that,” Magnus predicted. “But the murderer…” He paused dramatically, and the phone stopped ringing. “…would panic.”
“John Watson,” he pronounced carefully.
,” Bay requested, for what little it would be worth.
He walked away from the conversation a few minutes later with a bag of freshly-picked tomatoes, still warm from the sun. Well, actually Aquamarine was carrying them, because that’s what slaves
“Go on,” Molly hissed, giving him a push, and he ducked inside. She didn’t follow.
She put her hands on her hips and surveyed the purchases thoughtfully. “Well, there were a few more stores I wanted to get to, but someone was getting
Aquamarine shook his head. “You’re not hurt?” John interpreted. He relaxed his grip to massage the back of his neck instead. “Then what’s wrong? Come on.”
“Why does Mrs. Hudson even
Aquamarine awoke suddenly, because his mind had had enough sleep and decided it was time to do something else.
“No, not at all,” Bay admitted freely.
Bilbo was not sure if he was being ironic or not. “It’s a bit difficult to keep stable, when you talk while I’m here,” he responded mildly, giving the larger situation a pass.
“Get in,” she repeated instead, with some exasperation.
“Dr. John Watson.” He froze at the woman’s voice, the name and title sounding so shocking and yet familiar to him. He tried to tell himself it didn’t mean anything, his birth name and career history were a matter of public record. Still, they’d managed to look him up so quickly, and with the phone thing, obviously they had resources…
The yard wasn’t very big—his mother hadn’t wanted too much to take care of—but there were some nice trees, and the hedges prevented the neighbors from seeing
“Stay up on your knees, please,” Master said, fingers grazing the back of his calves and thighs. “You had whip marks on your legs, fairly fresh,” he reminded him. “Those have healed nicely.” Aquamarine reached back and felt only the smooth unmarked skin. Quite amazing. Master’s satisfaction suggested that this was not always the expected result, advanced Western medicine or not.
Magnus nodded. “Every story needs a villain. Anyway, you really
Aquamarine did not want to obey; he was still mad. Master raised an eyebrow, repeating the command silently.
“No, not at all,” Magnus assured him. “In my dream I was a Man, and so were you, and we lived together in a big city, and we solved crimes!”
His master gave him a serious look. “I don’t want you to go outside during the day unless you’re fully covered, and wearing sunscreen.” Aquamarine gave him a curious look at this unfamiliar word. “Ask Molly about it before you go out. I don’t want you to burn.” He nodded obediently, mystified. Burning in the sun was difficult to avoid in this climate, especially for those with pale skin.
The boy stood suddenly, though Ivan merely lounged in his chair. “I’m neither,” he insisted hotly, like it was a matter of honor. “He didn’t have any choice, did he, he
“Well
“Came at us with a knife,” Master supplied. He rubbed the back of Aquamarine’s neck. “Good boy.” Aquamarine played into it, pushing his head against Master’s chest for more petting, as if that was the only thing he cared about.
Well, this was a new one for Bay, he had to admit that. “You’re going to attempt to solve the crime?” he confirmed.
would indicate more power than he actually had—and pushed himself up.
It didn’t make any sense. No matter how Aquamarine’s mind raced, he came up blank. He spun around, as if the desert might merely be
“Yes, that’s understood,” Magnus assured him in a patronizing tone, lifting him high aloft.
“I’m interested in the
“Great at parties, I’m sure,” Lestrade responded sarcastically. “Alright, go over it one more time.”
want a fuss made, John decided.
Funny, usually “Nico” was the one causing massive destruction and loss of life, and shrugging it off as unimportant. But Ivan had been born and raised in a brutal place where only the strong survived—true, his perspective had changed somewhat as his memories had returned, but they didn’t alter the character he’d developed here and now. At least, he chose
“I’m no
“My feet are killing me,” Molly said in response. “You always take forever to decide on things!”
Slowly, Aquamarine crawled out from under the table. Master glanced at him but didn’t make a fuss—Aquamarine hated a fuss, well, sometimes anyway. It was much brighter out here, the overhead light practically blinding Aquamarine as he tried to determine if it was caused by candles, or perhaps oil—
“It’s no use, there’s no other way,” Magnus murmured, more to himself. “We’ll have to risk it.” He held the mobile aloft, but without looking at Bay. “On my desk there’s a number. I want you to send a text.” Bay was already limping over to take the phone. He did not think to himself, why didn’t you tell me this when I was up before, because a slave couldn’t expect that kind of consideration from his master.
“No.”
,” Sherlock pointed out. “It’s hardly difficult. Poor personal hygiene.”
understood. So he stripped the trousers off.
house. I’m not going to have
“Except by mutual consent,” Irene purred.
Lestrade nodded soberly. “Well, you’re here now, right?” he offered to Bay, as if this was an improvement. “Shall we get on?”
Magnus watched every movement closely. “How did you get back here?” he asked curiously. “Couldn’t have walked—taxi? Should’ve been faster. You’ve been in a car, a nice one, too nice for the police—” He broke off.
“He’ll be fine,” John told her, with more confidence than he felt.
“Yes, came back a little while ago,” she fussed. “Oh, you don’t even have a jacket! And poor dear, look at your eye.”
“Aquamarine.” He looked up from contemplating the boots. “Come here.” He scooted closer to Master, ending up between his knees with his arms resting awkwardly on Master’s thighs. Awkward, because he was still feeling resentful, and didn’t want to be this close to him.
Magnus was crouching on the other side. “Well?”
That was what Magnus always said. Did dragons also have super-hearing? “Right, of course,” Bilbo promised, wishing the dragon would just go away already.
The scene was lit by police car lights and delineated by yellow caution tape, the sort of thing Bay had learned to shy away from. Magnus looked back over his shoulder at him then, tall, sleek, and imperious amid the chaos, and Bay kept limping towards him.
Finally the idea of leaving the shower occurred to him and he shut off the water. There were no towels within view; he cracked the door open, as quietly as possible, and looked around. Two shelves unfolded from the wall near the door, one bearing a towel and the other some clothes. This thing did not miss a trick. Bay dried and dressed efficiently—the clothes were light and loose, and he predicted he would be cold soon.
John rolled his eyes. “You, who run through the sewers, socialize with homeless people, and keep eyeballs in the microwave.”
very comfortable as it bounced over the rutted roads—but Master suddenly grabbed his shoulder, then his collar. “Packing,” he reminded Molly and Irene, pulling Aquamarine along into the tent. “Tell Mrs. Hudson. And don’t disturb me!”
She stopped at another door-flap; he memorized the location in the maze of tent hallways. She jangled the bells cheerfully. “Come in.” He tensed suddenly at his new master’s voice.
,” Magnus claimed, pushing past Donovan towards the door. “I’m sure Sally came round for a nice little chat, and just happened to stay over.” He turned back and raised his voice, attracting the attention of the other police officers roaming around. “And I assume she scrubbed your floors, going by the state of her knees!”
Irene seemed pleased by what she saw. “Irene,” Master remarked, his own expression carefully neutral. He was sticking with the story about checking for injuries, trying to maintain his clinical detachment as Aquamarine returned to his previous position. Well, more or less; Aquamarine didn’t have much experience with doctors, but he
He headed towards the entrance of the tent, knowing he wasn’t supposed to go outside during the day without proper covering and Molly’s foul-tasting sunscreen. But the tent’s foyer was even cooler and moister, full of fresh, wet, green scents he couldn’t identify. Aquamarine slipped his hand through the entrance flap and peeked out, then shoved it aside fully and stepped out all the way, astonishment making his jaw drop.
“It’s a crime scene,” Anderson snapped, contempt dripping from his tone. “I don’t want it contaminated. Are we clear on that?”
“They’d be easier to get on, at least,” she grumbled, refusing to sympathize, and John rubbed her knee lightly.
the flogging, Aquamarine reflected pragmatically. His new master might feel moved to do the same at some point. “Reach back,” his master told him, rest his own hands on Aquamarine’s hips. “They’re gone, too.”
“What?” Magnus said suddenly. “No. No!” He popped up from the couch, energized, and stepped onto and over the coffee table rather than going around it on his way to the kitchen. “Type and send it. Quickly.” Bay continued typing, slow as he wasn’t used to it, and rather distracted by trying to keep his eccentric master in sight at all times. From the kitchen Magnus picked up a small pink suitcase, then placed one of the dining chairs in between the armchairs, apparently as a table on which to put the case. “Have you sent it?” he asked impatiently.
“Were you listening to what the salesman said?” Magnus went on, with some amusement. “Bad attitude, that’s what he said about you. Sneaky and intractable!” He laughed suddenly, as if this assessment was hard to believe. “Not a very good seller, is he?”
Donovan had called Magnus a psychopath. She and Anderson didn’t like him; there was some history there, something beyond just Magnus exposing their secrets and treating each other with mutual disrespect. On the other hand, Lestrade brought him in to help solve murders—he had professional value to him, at least.
“You know why he’s here?” she went on suddenly. “He’s not paid or anything. He likes it. He gets off on it.” She was crude, but not amused. “The weirder the crime, the more he gets off. And you know what?” Bay just stood there, accepting her rant. “One day just showing up won’t be enough. One day we’ll be standing round a body and Magnus Holmes’ll be the one that put it there.” Bay had a sudden flash that it was
Ivan gave him a moment. “Finish what you were doing,” he prompted, pointing towards his foot. Looking slightly embarrassed by his outburst, Nico complied. Ivan decided to stop toying with him, at least for the moment. He’d had a hard day, after all. Even if he hadn’t actually been
waiting!” Magnus countered, racing further down the stairs. Bay had no hope of keeping up. “Look at her, really
“What will you do with my family?” the boy asked as he dabbed at the wound, his tone deceptively mild.
?” Magnus pressed.
“I’m here to see Detective Inspector Lestrade,” Magnus replied brusquely. His body language indicated this was the gauntlet he had to pass through first—unpleasant but necessary.
This was the wrong approach. “What’s missing?” Magnus asked, indicating the suitcase. Bay was not going to dig through a dead woman’s clothes, so he just shook his head. Magnus was eager to tell him anyway. “Her phone! Where’s her mobile phone? There was no phone on the body, there’s no phone in the case. We know she had one—that’s her number there. You just texted it!”
There was a pause instead of an answer, and Bay looked up to see Magnus giving the man a scoffing look, as if the answer ought to be obvious. It was not, apparently, and the man waited expectantly.
“You want me to take a nap?” Bay repeated, dubious. It seemed too innocent, and helpful.
“Anthea,” she repeated and he looked over at her again. Her smile was different now, like there was nothing she was allowed to do or say that would help his situation, but she wished it could be otherwise. It was at once comforting and not.
“And how do you feel?”
, get him a cane. Well, it’s
“Yes. Could I go back to my room and pick up my clothes?” Bilbo suggested. He carefully climbed onto the dragon’s snout again when invited. Very important to wait for an invitation for that one.
The phones gave Bay an idea at least and he ducked into the next payphone booth, quickly calling Magnus’s mobile number collect. It rang four times, then Bay was cut off—voicemail couldn’t accept his charges, he supposed. He decided to keep walking, and to try calling from each phone he passed—maybe the string of calls would intrigue his master enough that he’d answer at some point.
“Well I suppose I’d better stay here then,” Irene conceded, in her usual tone of dark amusement. “Wouldn’t want him taking a bite out of me.” She leaned back against the Jeep.
“May need longer,” Magnus tossed back without concern.
His blue eyes were so earnest. Could someone fake that kind of sincerity? No, not fake, that wasn’t what mad men did—they believed, fully and completely, in every moment, no matter how much they contradicted each other, or reality.
Irene started out by kneeling in front of Aquamarine as Molly had, her flirtatious looks keeping him in place. But he really didn’t like the shoes and he twitched away from them, ending up with his feet dangling over the arm of the chair. Irene huffed and changed position. Aquamarine tipped his head back over the other arm, trying to get someone’s attention. John ignored him except for a quick progress check. “You want to buy anything online?” he offered to Molly. “Did you get to the bookstore?”
Magnus popped back in for an instant. “
They continued talking as Aquamarine picked up the knife and fork in front of him. Knives he was not allowed to touch normally and he gripped it in an unfamiliar way that made Mrs. Watson lose the thread of conversation as her eyes darted over to him. He watched Master closely then smoothly rearranged the implements to match his hold, finally cutting into the soft bread.
,” he commented neutrally.
he get worked up about such things? It seemed dangerous. “Well, you don’t remember that, I suppose.” Pause. “Bay? Bay? That’s you. Are you listening to me?”
Yes, that made perfect sense, in Magnusland, Bay decided. “But you’re talking to
Bay wondered if this was going to cause Magnus’s carefully-constructed assertions to come crumbling down around him, like the baseless hustling they were. He fervently hoped not, and was surprised at himself for that. But he knew his hopes didn’t influence anything in the real world, so he let them live this time.
John went back to his laptop, or pretended to; despite his endorsement Aquamarine was going to resist the footwear, and if he did so in an entertaining way, John would be amused, Aquamarine would know it, and the task would never be accomplished. Instead John wanted the slave to know he would only regain his attention by doing as he was told, and dressing properly. Couldn’t walk through London barefoot, after all.
Aquamarine gave him a quizzical look, but Master declined to explain further—the girls apparently knew what he meant. Their home was somewhere in the West, but Aquamarine didn’t know exactly where yet; surely it wasn’t someplace you could get to in one night, though, especially since it was already after midnight. Some people preferred to travel the desert in the night, under the stars; but it was closer to sunrise than sunset, and they’d all had a long day already. Maybe they were taking a late train or ship.
“Good boy,” Master praised him. Then he turned back to his mother. “Did the Doyles ever get their house sold?”
“Oh, stop,” John advised, rubbing his shoulder. “Put your collar back on. We’re at my
“No, stay back, I’m still trying to—“ Someone else in the room, young and feminine by scent, nervous. Good. She should be. Pressure on his shoulder, his hips. The man was shorter than him but more muscular, better fed. Westerner playing in the desert among the savages, wealthy of course. “Shh, calm down, I’m not going to hurt you.” Wasn’t that exactly what someone who was going to hurt you would say? “I know you can understand me. You’re injured. I want to help you.” Of course he did; it was no fun playing with a broken toy. He would fix it first, then try to break it in his own way. “Calm down. Can you calm down for me?” His voice was measured, even, his whole weight pressing down the slave’s body. His hand started to run through his hair, filthy though it must me. “Shh, that’s it, calm down. I want to help you.”
, the truth,” Magnus proclaimed grandly. “Which can almost always be worked out using observation and logical deduction. Physical evidence is part of that,” he conceded, “but I don’t need a
to remember all this by now, but you don’t because—”
Nico examined them. “These are
like they knew him already. Lestrade in particular could’ve been humoring Magnus to a certain extent, too, since he was professionally valuable.
The kitchen was close to the laundry room, which Bilbo supposed made sense, and connected by a back hallway so he didn’t have to go through the main hall with its ankle-breaking treasure. A month ago Bilbo would not have called an enormous room filled with gold an annoyance, but there you go.
“Yes,” Magnus encouraged. “You must be tired. Regular people get tired.”
“Didn’t look like he was coming back,” Donovan added pointedly.
“Doesn’t matter,” Bay dismissed. The man should’ve stopped with the offer of money. Offering his freedom, too—that’s when Bay knew he wasn’t sincere. Or at least that the plan was too risky for him—freedom had been dangled in front of him far too often for him to put his trust in it.
Magnus had pulled a small magnifying lens from his pocket and was examining the woman’s jewelry. After a moment he pulled her wedding ring off her finger and peered at the inside, then replaced it. He sat back, seemingly done.
,” he realized, sounding indignant.
“Irene,” Master prompted. He gave Aquamarine a level gaze. He was no fool, to give an obvious weapon to a crazed wildling. It was a test, a challenge perhaps, even a measure of trust. Aquamarine lifted his chin a notch in response. He was no ordinary wildling. He would not stab them with a fork in the night. Unless perhaps he felt they deserved it, but so far Master was making a good impression.
was, so he just nodded and turned to look out the window, trying to figure where they were going. He felt the tug to vanish mentally but resisted it; he needed to stay alert in this situation.
“What do they usually say?”
to let them; it was a conscious choice on his part. He didn’t know if his companion really understood that or not.
In front of the man was a chair and he pointed at it with the umbrella. “Have a seat,” he suggested, his demeanor affable. Bay walked past the chair and stopped, gazing at the man with a neutrality that masked his assessment—something he’d learned years ago, when meeting new people who had power over him. “The leg must be hurting you,” he observed, more sternly. “Sit down.”
above all that,” Bay bit out flatly.
Bilbo’s room was in a niche on the wall of this treasure chamber, with a rock-cut stairway leading down from it for when the didn’t have a dragon to ride. That seemed a rather odd place for the king’s bedchamber to be—there were no others nearby—but whatever. Perhaps if he was a king with this kind of golden hoard he’d want to sleep near it, too.
“Don’t crash the car again, Irene,” Master warned her blandly, as Aquamarine and Molly clutched the seats and each other to avoid being bounced out onto the ground.
“Yes, I’m sure you’d find it so.”
He stood, waiting to become used to it again. His eyes drifted up to the ceiling of the tent, to the soft golden lights in the corners. Where did those
“Not much,” Magnus claimed as he stood. He ripped the latex gloves off and pulled out his mobile.
Magnus hadn’t mentioned how her makeup was streaked with tears; obviously she’d realized she was going to die. And yet she’d had enough time, presumably alone, to scratch those letters into the wood floor—wouldn’t the killer have stopped her, if they’d been together? And if she could scratch letters into the wood floor, could she not have called or texted for help? Bay accepted there
“So you’re coming with me to the crime scene, then,” Magnus pressed. His voice still held a hint of question.
“Who’s this?” the man asked curiously.
Even with the fire in the hearth the room was incredibly dark and increasingly cold. They didn’t even have glass over the narrow windows here, just wooden shutters. Marios was supposed to be a lush land, but the breeze from the sea could be chill and damp this time of year, and the thick stone walls were better suited to a crypt than a bedroom.
“You tell me to stop, and I will,” Ivan promised him. “For the night.”
The man smirked more, but his eyes were troubled. Bay—whatever—closed his again, too uninvested in this reality, even with the presence of a beautiful stranger. The name might indicate he was serious about purchasing him, but it was hard to get excited about that anymore. More interesting was the hand that slid from his cheek to the back of his head, cool, strong flesh willingly burying itself in his sweaty, grimy hair. Prelude to a pull or a jerk? Apparently not, as the hand merely drifted around his scalp.
Maybe it was time for Bay to go a little mad as well.
Bay took a deep breath and nodded, and Magnus stepped away and let him sit up. His dream had been so vivid, so immersive, it was hard to believe where he really was. Sometimes he wondered if
Fine shoes and trousers filled his vision suddenly, of which he was very much aware. The material was grey, with a bit of sheen to it, expensive and tasteful. The wearer crouched down suddenly, effortlessly, energetic and slim, his jacket matching the pants, his shirt dark. His face was startling—pale, angular, topped with dark curly hair, bold blue eyes that froze on the spot. A face made for sculptures and fashion shows, he thought idly. Yet the eyes—they had something in them, in their depths, that was warmer. He shouldn’t have been staring; but what more could they do to him?
would be. Aquamarine frowned at the idea as well.
“Of course, yeah,” Lestrade shouted down after him. Rather obvious, that part. “But what mistake?!”
Approaching sirens distracted him. “Okay, okay, come here,” Master ordered. “Are you alright? Are you hurt?” Aquamarine spat a mouthful of blood, not his own, onto the ground nonchalantly. “Try to—clean up a little,” Master suggested, as the sirens and the vehicles that bore them came closer. Aquamarine swiped his shirt across his face, not really sure if that would reduce the grisliness of his appearance. He didn’t
“But not you.”
“Well, come on,” Magnus encouraged, hovering by the door. “I think better when I talk aloud. And Mrs. Hudson’s taken my skull again, so—”
Bay blinked at him. “Sorry, well what?” Obviously Magnus wanted him to go out as well, but frankly Bay was not interested.
And really, let’s not forget that Magnus had not so far done anything bad to Bay. He’d given him food, a shower, clean clothes, a nap. All his touches had been gentle, and sex hadn’t even been mentioned. He’d gotten Bay a collar when he asked for one, and a cane when he’d needed it. There had been several opportunities when even a reasonable master might’ve punished his new slave—but Magnus tried to see his point of view. Not a pushover, though, Bay decided, remembering his refusal to get him a drink at the market. Let’s not forget he
“Dreams are often nonsensical,” Bay countered, a bit defensively.
Magnus was playing with his phone. Compulsively unable to keep still, to keep going without some stimulation—boredom would be a problem with this one. It would be on Bay to keep him entertained, then, or risk being discarded. Hard to say at this point if that was better or not.
“Is it really
Every day, or rather night, Ivan pushed a little further. When Nico said stop, he stopped; the novelty had not yet worn off for the boy. He was not allowed to run wild, though; during the day Ivan kept him busy on domestic errands or set him to practicing with his sword. He had some skill with a blade as he’d claimed, quick and strong as Ivan had predicted. Defeated nobles, in between trying to parley with Ivan about their estates, mentioned that the boy’s mother was worried about him, and so Ivan sent him along to her chambers for an hour or so, showing how magnanimous he could be in victory. He regretted it when Nico came back looking tense and guilty.
With a sigh he disappeared down the narrow hallway. They hit an air pocket and jolted a bit, and Bay heard a rather loud thump from the other cabin. He debated whether he should ask if his master was okay, and ended up staying silent long enough that Magnus returned. “Alright?” he checked mildly.
“Bring me that phone,” Magnus suddenly ordered, gesturing vaguely away from himself, so Bay pushed himself back up and began to look around. It was not his place to question his master about the philosophical conundrums of life, like why so many people seemed to recognize him or why Magnus had an archenemy. It was merely his place to locate and fetch his master’s mobile for him, even when it had tumbled off the edge of his desk into the bin.
