She watched the shiny blade shift end over end in Jo’s capable hands, the moonlight glinting off the shiny blade.  There was one rock left that she hadn’t turned yet.  One she’d vowed never to so much as think of.  And at its best it was one hell of a Hail Mary. But she was out of options.
Sam cleared his throat significantly.  Right.  Dean glowered at his brother, scooping up his crate and carrying it over to stand next to the oversized lug that was his little bro.
“I completely agree,” Cas said, his gaze serious.  “The angle of your neck is geometrically very pleasing, and the skin surprisingly soft given your lifestyle, but there’s many more interesting parts of you I could be tasting.”
Dean had his head tilted up toward the showerhead, eyes closed, hair slicked back while the powerful spray sluiced down his naked body, combining to form rivulets of sparkling water.  Castiel watched, fascinated as the delicate drops coalesced into a shallow stream, gliding down into the indentations and crevices of Dean’s muscular body in a way that was surprisingly enticing.
Dean leaned back, the deep green of his eyes nearly glowing as they bored into his.  “You know something about Halos?”
Sam moved to the swinging porch chair, sipping tea and looking up at a black night filled to bursting with stars.  The air was brisk, but not yet freezing.  The hint of a cold snap only just touched the air, but he could smell it coming in the wind.  He made a mental note to make sure they were stocked for a hard winter frost.
Regardless of what Sam may say aloud, it was good to see his brother at his usual tricks.  Sam ducked back inside and curled up in his bedroll.  Dawn was fast approaching and he wanted go get at least a few hours of quality shut-eye.
When the chirpy young woman in the belly-baring tank top flounced over to take their order, Castiel expected Dean to make his typical series of overtures suggesting to their waitress that he’d be amenable to exchanging sex acts if she was interested.
A few minutes of eavesdropping clued him into the fact that there was a small river nearby.  It wasn’t much, but it was cold, and people were popping down in small groups, eager to wash the dust off.
Dean growled, a deep, ominous rumble.  All voices in the clearing instantly went silent.  The Alpha glared at his people, a dangerous glint shimmering across his retinas.  Several of the closest pack members took a few wary steps back.
Sam groaned, dropped his head in his hands.  “I’ve never heard of an omega initiating a mating bite on an alpha.  Not only that, his Alpha.   Only you, Cas.  What are we going to do with this mess?”
The two men rose, disappearing into the woods.  Ellen stared into the fire for a bit, before reaching for the pie.  Damn it was good.
Cas lay on his back, eagle spread, his arms stretched so tautly his shoulders ached from the tension.  Ropes wound tight at each wrist, knots perfectly worked so that he had no chance of sliding free.  A similar rope wrapped around his abdomen multiple times, the effect nearly artful in its perfection.   It too, was impossibly tight.  Were it any higher on his torso he wouldn’t be able to inflate his lungs.  Which his captor certainly didn’t want; if Cas couldn’t breathe, he couldn’t scream.  He had the distinct impression that his screams and pleas were a source of pleasure for his captor.
Ellen nodded, careful to hide her relief.  She’d already gotten nearly everything she wanted, but there was no reason to show her hand.  This was a negotiation, after all.  And she had yet to discuss the most important part.
Dean didn’t give him a second to catch his breath before resuming pounding into him, slamming into his ass at a demanding pace.  A small part of Cas wondered how the hell the alpha was managing to maintain that pace without tiring, but the rest of him was too busy glorying in the ride.
While the Winchester Clan weren’t exactly horticultural debutants, they made a point of growing their own food.  Particularly the grains used to make Hunters Helper.  According to Ellen, the particular strain of corn she’d brought with her during the Harvelle-Winchester integration was a vital ingredient in their hooch’s success.
“Prude,” the man sitting next to him commented loudly at the retreating woman’s back.   He rolled his eyes, turning to face Castiel with a smile.
“Umm, Dean,” he began tentatively.  “This room you procured?  Does it have an extra bed, by any chance?”  Sam was nowhere near the motel, so Castiel’s presence would pose no threat to the injured hunter.
The sound of a four-wheeler roaring up the road caused her to turn east, her hand automatically going to the Peacemaker on her right hip though she didn’t draw the hefty gun.
His audience came alive with catcalls and jeers.  It had more than doubled in number, word of mouth apparently faster than wildfire.  Bets were flowing hot and heavy.  Whatever Crowley had paid out for his prizes, he’d easily double it.  Dean hated to admire the bastard, but he had to admit, Crowley had always been a clever one.
He was shaking too hard to stand, the world would not stop spinning, and he’d vomited so much he was reduced to dry heaves.  And he was so ridiculously horny that he’d fuck a fallen tree branch if he could find some way to manage it.  Even some of the more phallic shaped pinecones were beginning to look like a viable option.
“Yes,” Dean replied firmly.  Apparently the angel had needed the assurance.  At least Dean’s instincts were intact, because his brain wasn’t exactly firing on all cylinders at the moment.
“Yes.  Yes.  Please, yes.”  He’d been feeling the catch of Dean’s knot against his hole for some time now, and if Dean didn’t give it to him, he was going to roll them over and take matters into his own hands.
This experience taught him, that when facing a new challenge, it was best to gain as much information as possible ahead of time.  He’d also learned that you could not always cherry-pick where this learning came from.  Sometimes you had to have dealings with dubious sources; a necessary evil, as it were.
He couldn’t have been more surprised to hear her voice when he’d answered one of his older phones.  A person who chased death with the ferocity of that little lady should have caught up with it by now.
They rode for half a day before the trucks came to a halt in an old lot that appeared to have once held some kind of market.  The skeletons of old stalls dotted the area, while faded signs advertised the cost of various offerings.
His enthusiastic new friend was plenty willing to get bent over the hood of the sleek muscle car and be taken hard.  A little intense necking to get the ol’ juices flowing and wham-bam-thank-you-man, they were done.  A quick kiss to seal the deal, and the man left; slightly dazed, with a dopey smile on his face.
A dirty, tired, but cheerful group of hunters had came in during his first meal in the community Canteen, the group laden with dead rabbits, game birds, and a mid-sized stag.  That in and of itself wasn’t remarkable.  The interesting part was that the team lead, a cheerful young man who had instantly hugged him and introduced himself as Garth, was omega.  The team included two betas, one actual alpha, and the omega.  There was no reality that Castiel was aware of in which the omega should have led. And yet he had.
“Oh, that’s alright,” Dean said, finally catching up with reality and fumbling with his pants. He blushed as he stepped out of them, not sure why he was embarrassed all of a sudden. He’d stripped hundreds of times before.
As some way to thank him, to show his appreciation, Dean would make things for him, give him things. First it was a full set of clothes (accidentally too large - Dean’d used himself as a reference), but Castiel was thrilled, and always wore them every time.
Now, he needed to take care of Dean. His Omega was badly hurt, ripped open, and in shock. Despite his heat, they couldn’t breed - it would just injure him further.
“Castiel! I have to see him! I have to find out how to break it!” He said, trying once more to right himself. Megara just held him down.
“Couldn’t have that, catching stops the heat, and heat’s good for business! That’s when you have to work quick, until their channel runs red with blood. That’s how you know you got ‘em,” he said, laughing despite being gutted. He licked his lips at the memory.
When Dean entered, he found Castiel slouched over the dining table, looking absolutely miserable, poor thing. Dean immediately slithered behind him, asking, “I have to be behind you, right?”
“I thought the restaurant would be a lot slower by now. I apologize for coming to your place of work, but I didn’t have another way to contact you.”
“Excuse me, everyone. Dean is needed at the recording studio, so I’m afraid you will all need to take my card and schedule an appointment to speak with him another time.”
“No,” Castiel said, holding his wolf close again, listening to his heart. The heart that wasn’t going to last much longer. Not like this.
He would walk everywhere if he could, but that’s hardly ever allowed. Dean is only given permission to be outside when there is an opportunity to be photographed. When he was younger, especially in his teens, he tried to argue for being given that freedom, but since fans became desperate enough to risk death to meet him, he’s stopped asking.
He didn’t know what it was, but something just didn’t feel right. Was it the weather? The air? Something he’d eaten?
Sam scowls at him, grumbling about his brother and his live-in boyfriend, but still, he leaps up the stairs three at a time. When he flops down on one of the deep, plush couches, Dean and Cas share a quick glance. Outwardly, Sam carries himself like the world is one big party, so when he is quiet and contemplative, he has something important on his mind. Cas nods toward the door of the room and winks at Dean before leaving. He and Sam are friends, and the younger man would most likely speak his mind with him there. Some things just call for family, though.
It was heaven, to please him, to feel him. He wanted to make his love cry out, come on himself again, bring him every pleasure in the world. Wanted to hear these cries every night.
“I understand why you wouldn’t have electricity out here. Do you have light to see in this darkness?”
Obediently, Dean drank up the potion, something green, but not altogether unpleasant. It felt so good in his throat, and he for some reason he couldn’t get enough of it. He was so thirsty all of a sudden.
Cas chuckles. “Not by much. You’re thicker.” He raises up on his elbows to watch Dean discover a man’s body for the first time. His body.
Dean has been introduced to several sexual activities by now, but Cas hasn’t broached the subject of penetrative sex with him yet. He grins as he licks up the side of his cock. This might be the perfect time.
Once they have him scrubbed back to his natural state, his personal assistant, Cesar, reminds him of his schedule for the next day before he is guided into a magnetic vehicle and shuttled back to his home. This completely pollution-free form of travel has been the mainstay of the upper castes since the inception of their domed society. It is silent, explosively fast, and terrifies him every single time. Once the vehicle is engaged, there is no way to stop it but to pull the emergency polarization switch, which has been known to make the vehicle either fall to the ground or break apart entirely. That last option is the one that truly terrifies him.
It was the pills that’d done it. He and Cas had been trying for pups and were having trouble, so Dean’d started taking fertility supplements. Must’ve fucked up his cycle.
He yanked his brother to his feet, dragging him stumbling along behind him, running through the brook, hoping it would mask his twin’s growing heatscent.
Dean pled as he did his best to help his mate breathe, putting his mouth to the Angel’s mouth, trying to stir something within him.
Oh, he was wounded. Badly. “I got you,” Dean said, grabbing the angel and carrying him in his arms, clutching him close.
Sam has never broached the subject with Dean because his brother has always been the epitome of Yumeijin perfection. Now, though, Dean is so changed by Cas’s presence in his life. Cas has cracked through the ridiculous shell that Dean has been building since they were boys, and now the real Dean is shining through.
It was a fairly long list, with some details of how to find this root or that creature penned in on the sides. Dean watched her like a hawk, but she wrote down the list nearly verbatim from the book. This was legitimate. This was it.
It takes Sam a minute to figure out what conclusion Dean jumped to, but he clarifies himself almost immediately. “No. Of course not, Dean. That’s not where this conversation is going.”
Cas leans back and thinks. “Very green. Nature has taken over what used to be a city right outside of the dome walls.
“You’re as beautiful here as everywhere else, Dean. Cas strokes up to the head of him, squeezing lightly to force the flared edge through his fist. Dean gasps at the sensation; his eyes closing as his head drops back. Cas braces him, holding his weight with his other arm bracketing his chest.
“No, please, Dean,” Castiel whimpered. “Please don’t be afraid. I’m sorry, I should have told you sooner, I’m - I’m so sorry,” he said, nuzzling into him closer. “I’m so sorry, Dean.”
Sam nods and watches his brother leave with a furrow in his brow. He and Dean have always been held to different standards, but it’s never bothered him as much as it does now. Dean was a rebellious youth who spoke his mind and fought for what he believed was right. Now, he bends to the will of whoever is in a position of authority. It’s not right.
Cas hears his beautiful Dean panting to bring enough oxygen into his body, and he decides to push. The tip of his slicked finger pops through Dean’s resistance, and the man howls.
At last, he felt Dean’s warm tongue lick at the slit of his hardening cock. Cas immediately buried a hand in his Omega’s hair, grasping it and running his thumb through the prickly softness.
As Cas shakes out a large blanket and drapes it over the bed with Dean in it, Dean tells him, “You really know how to live out here. You’ve thought of everything.”
. All over the back of his wings and his scapulars was a persistent, incessant itch. And that would be bad enough, if it wasn’t also accompanied by a prickling pain, like thousands of tiny needles were jabbing into him.
Cas shakes his head. “Only you can go from full seduction to goofy jokes and not lose an ounce of appeal.”
Without warning, Cas thrust his hips and shoved Dean’s head down to take his cock, forcing him to adopt his rhythm. He was so warm and wet, and his low whines rumbled against him. He was so fucking tight.
The little Omega continued to glow blue, the glow now spiralling up his arm, finally reaching his right hand, where it glowed a pure white. And, mechanically, the hand clamped onto the wolf’s shoulder, squeezing.
“We parked our truck in the hospital parking lot. We have him tied up in there. I figured you’d want to pay him a visit.”
That rebellious, adventurous side of him that he’s kept locked away for so many years is tearing down his walls with frantic claws. It’s screaming that Dean mustn’t live so lightly anymore. He can’t float through his years on the current of anyone else’s will but his own. It tells him to be an active participant. ‘Stand up. Take what you want.’
And while the backscratchers did help, it didn’t solve the matter. Because Angels weren’t supposed to go through their molt alone - it was supposed to be a bonding activity, when the angels would sit in a circle and help massage the wings and clean them out. An Angel couldn’t comfortably make it through a molt alone - they can’t reach so many parts of their own wings.
“I don’t think I’m supposed to be the one reassuring you, Cas.” Dean teases with a dick-filling smile. Cas had been well on his way to hard, just thinking about what they are about to do. That smile, though. Fuck.
But he had to hold on. He had to stay conscious, despite the surging power. He had to hold Castiel. Keep him warm.
It was early autumn, and the trees were alive with color, but everything felt so lifeless and grey. Normally, in a couple days, he’d be getting ready to take the trek to the lake. But what was the purpose now? Castiel probably didn’t want to see or deal with him anymore. And it’s not like it would change anything. Castiel still wouldn’t - couldn’t - stay.
And then he realized something. Something that made him feel ashamed for presuming so much. Something that pained him to his very core.
Desperately, Castiel looked up at the carving wall. Where the niche was, it was carved to look like it was being held by a figure in a fur coat, smiling, with symbols of fire all around him. Below it, an inscription.
“I’m sorry, Dean,” Castiel said, quietly. “I never meant for this to happen.” Silently, Castiel offered the amulet back to the wolf, unable to meet his gaze.
His friend has a way of pushing him into confronting uncomfortable truths. He has opened Dean’s eyes to the extent that the world is impossible to ignore now. Night after night, Dean has spent staring at the ceiling, coming to grips with whatever knowledge Cas had given to him that day. He is now in a constant struggle with himself, existing in an orbit that he feels is less and less important by the minute.
Cas’s brows raise at the curt tone, but he doesn’t respond at first. Dean often retreats into this false, yet safe, persona when he feels challenged or unsure. Cas has learned that he just needs to let it pass. Except, that doesn’t get them anywhere. If Cas retreats every time that Dean does, they will never get closer. That isn’t what Cas wants, and he is certain that Dean doesn’t either.
He was in the pack druid’s turfhouse, surrounded by other wounded wolves in various stages of wellness.
He took Castiel’s head in his hands, holding him close and kissing Castiel deeply, pulling a light whimper from his lips before breaking away, kissing along his love’s jaw and down his throat, making the Omega quiver in his arms. “What do you want to do, my love?”
When he finally relaxed, twitching slightly, he looked down at his mate, who met his gaze with adoring, loving eyes. He reached down to caress his cheek.
Dean spends the rest of his evening furious. It’s the first pageant dinner of the new season, and he wouldn’t be able to eat anything he wanted anyway. This is just the first time that it hasn’t bothered him because he’s too full of emotion to consider eating. He hasn’t quite figured out if he’s more angry with Cas or himself, but he’s leaning towards himself now that he’s been thinking about the exchange for hours.
“No, I take care of myself,” Castiel responded before leaning against Dean’s shoulder and sighing happily. “You are very warm. It’s nice.”
But yet this traveller, this werewolf, this one was alone, for he had no choice but to be so, even on this most dangerous of nights.
Castiel himself was ecstatic, utterly delighted at the feeling of Dean beneath him, at moving so quickly through the snow, at the the biting cold against his cheeks. “Where are we going?” Castiel shouted over the roar of the wind.
love you, Dean? After everything you did for me, a stranger? After all you’ve shown me, after all the care you’ve bestowed upon me, after your kindness, your gentleness to someone that gave you so little in return? To someone that hurt you so much?” Castiel said, taking a breath. “Please, please believe me, Dean. I love you. I’ve loved you from that first night. I wouldn’t lie about that. Oh, please, Dean, I’m so sorry. Forgive me. I love you. I still love you. I’m still me, I’m still Castiel. And I love you,” the Omega said, holding Dean once more, burying his face in his lover’s neck. “But I’m not worthy of you.”
, he’s stumbling blindly towards a life he doesn’t want, and a woman he doesn’t know and who doesn’t know him, and if she had any sense she’d tell him to fuck off. But he promised Sam.
Soon some of Castiel’s siblings spend more time Earth than they do in Heaven. He always refuses the offers to go himself. Uriel tells him he’s wasting his time. That he was Created for war, and humans have so many of them that need fighting. Anna tells him that he’s missing out, that you can’t live among the humans and not be drawn to them, not come to care for them. That they
Castiel looks upon them. Not large, but not small either on the scale of Earth’s creatures. Somewhat unremarkable, even: two arms, two legs, two eyes. No interestingly shaped parts or amusingly disproportional protrusions. But there is something about them that is undeniably intriguing. Without claws, without armour or any great speed or wings to fly, they carry themselves with the confidence of an apex predator; straight and tall, focused entirely on each other, so sure that nothing can touch them. And Castiel knows for certain that this entire world, it was created for
family business. Sam and Eileen and Bobby and everyone else’s too, but– Theirs. Him and Cas. It’s fucking heady just saying it. Sam and Bobby, Charlie and Jody and Kevin and everyone else, they’re family. But Cas is
Dean laughs. “Sure, buddy.” He swivels back to the screen as the synth starts up its little whistling tune. Privately, Dean thinks all his hunts would be at least 50% creepier if the X-Files theme was playing in the background. He also thinks that Cas has a bit of a thing for Agent Scully, which, he can’t exactly blame him. Fucking, who doesn’t? Cas may not be human, but he’s got
; whether to return that part Cas gave him or to take a bit more, greedy and lonely and desperately wanting connection, he can’t say.
Dean lets his head loll to the side, his cheek settling on the arm he has stretched out across the back of the couch, fingertips brushing at Cas’ shoulder. There's some pawn shop show on the TV that Dean had been staring blankly at for the past five minutes, but Cas is already looking at him so he clearly wasn’t even pretending to watch. “How long?” Dean says.
Dean really had tried his hand at retirement for a few weeks there. He’d interviewed for a job. He’d been given a salary offer to go home and think about. He’d started filling out the paperwork to open up a bank account in his and Cas’ made-up identities’ names. He’d thought idly about what he and Cas would do with his corporate-mandated vacation time. Like, maybe they’d get started on seeing Cas’ favourite parts of the world before he died, even. Dean had bought a
a heartbeat - something so small and useless and nothing he would have ever thought of on his own - for the sole purpose of making Dean comfortable is how he knows Cas would chose humanity every time. He’d just prefer to do it as an angel. What good is free will if you can’t hold on tight to everything you want, anyway?
His brother Uriel Creates some particularly amusing looking fish; some with teeth far too big for their mouthes, some with a truly excessive amount of long, willowy fins, a couple with such poor structural integrity that they practically collapse when not forced to hold a shape by outside pressure. Another of their brothers takes one look at Uriel’s Creations and shoves them into the deep sea where no one else will see them. Castiel has the uncharitable thought that some of his siblings do not appreciate a good sense of humour; so when Uriel comes to him with the design for a bird with preposterously large feet, he distracts them with a question about a large rainforest they are coaxing into life while Uriel sneaks the finished bird onto one of the middlingly-sized landmasses.
He tried to help them rebuild, but there weren’t enough anymore. Weren’t enough of them. Weren’t enough Omegas for the remaining Alphas.
But Castiel ignored him. He could only see his wolf, his precious Speckled Wolf, as it reached for him, somehow still thinking of Castiel even in such pain.
Sam bowed his head. “Most left around seventy years ago. Gabriel comes around to stay sometimes. But I haven’t seen anyone else for so long.”
“I have earned those tips. You have no right to take them.” Cas knows that he is starting a scene, but he’ll be damned if he is cheated out of money he earned.
“Leave?” Dean said, dismay in his voice, and feeling suddenly chilled by the loss of his warm companion.
The scent was beautiful, sweet as honey, with a spice and tang to it that rushed through his veins, making him painfully hard.
Dean hardly ever lets himself think about these things. He accepts their money, their patronage, and just lets his life run its course. All of the concerns that he shoves down and represses are for future Dean to deal with. It’s never bothered him before because there was never anything he wanted badly enough to question his path. Now? He wants something a thousand times more than any fame or career.
There was a needle in his arm - more drugs, to keep him dependant, to keep him pliable, to keep him quiet. He shook in terror at whatever horror was in store for him.
free me, Dean. You can’t,” he said, weeping quietly into his lover’s chest. “You need to give up on me. Please. I don’t want to hurt you anymore. Please. Please give up on me.”
“I-” he said, shakily. All this was terrifying, frightening, wonderful, new, and he felt so selfish for wanting more.
These questions haunted him. He couldn’t help it, Castiel was always on his mind. Castiel was his whole world, his light, his reason for living.
“Yes. Now. Please.” Dean’s breath is light and fast, arousal written all over his face. Cas isn’t going to let this moment go by without giving Dean what he wants.
Dean ran as fast as he could towards their little den, torch still lit, and lay the little Omega on the bed. Castiel had stopped convulsing, but he was still trembling, and still so very pale. Dean immediately wrapped him in all the furs on the bed, trying to warm his cold little body.
“Damn you,” he growled. He wasn’t sure at whom. At himself, at the world, at fate, at Dean… he didn’t know. “Damn you,” he said as tears ran down his face.
Sam furrows his brow. Dean is never this easygoing when it comes to the laws of their caste. Taking his plate back over to the table, Sam scrutinizes him as he takes a massive bite.
Then, suddenly, Pamelia touched his forehead, and a horrible clawing numbness ripped through his mind, making him roll his eyes back into his head. It seemed to last for hours, like his mind was being shredded, torn apart, stripped away.
His wig is the only part of him that looks unscathed. His reflection looks as though someone crumpled him up into a tight ball, wet it, and then tried to flatten it back out again. He can’t see Dean like this. No fucking way.
He contents himself with the fact that he isn’t missing much. His workouts are strenuous and designed to keep him in perfect physical condition. His diet is regimented down to every calorie and nutrient. That antiquated expression that your body is a temple is the perfect slogan for Dean Winchester.
Suddenly, claws buried themselves in his shoulders, ripping Dean backwards with sore-covered wings. The wolf roared in anger, spearing the beast and rushing forward to clutch his beloved once more, but more and more creatures kept grabbing him, latching onto his limbs, pulling him back, laughing maniacally. He kept fighting, flailing wildly with his arrow, but more kept on coming, before finally tearing the arrow from his grasp.
Dean rose, rubbing the back of his neck as, suddenly, words didn’t form right in his mouth. “If you - if you need a bath there’s a hot springs through that, um,” he said, pointing towards the doorway, “through that way.”
Dean averted his eyes. “Yes, so I am the wolf that no one wants. I don’t blame you if you- if you want to stay away. You are a magnificent Omega. You deserve better company than I. Lone wolves are dangerous.”
They move out of the archive room slowly, as it is difficult to see with only the light of one candle. “What will you do when you come to live here permanently?”
Dean takes a step closer to the camera, his eyes mournful and glassy. “Please. Please don’t let this person’s tragedy become yours. Know the laws and obey the laws. Be well.”
A spark of lightning shot up his spine, and his heart began pumping once more, spreading its warmth throughout his dead body. Color spread back into his face, rock cracked and gave way to flesh, and a flush returned to his cheeks.
Dean does as Cas asks, and Dean’s eyes practically cross with the clenching heat. “Cas, this can’t really work, can it?”
Castiel lay there, quivering and terrified and helpless, clutching onto his brother, when he bothered to look up.
“Yes, Cas. I know that you’re under some kind of curse, some curse that states you can only become human on the night of a Black Moon, and binds you to be a wolf somewhere else the rest of the cycle. But all curses can be broken somehow, Castiel. It doesn’t matter how it happened or what it will take to break it - if it takes my heart I’ll cut it out, I don’t care, just tell me what you know, and we’ll figure it out together.”
They walk in lock step, Dean following Cas without question. He is sure that Cas will need to vent some of the anger he’s holding onto, but he can wait.
Dean looks up at Cas’s intrigued face. “He wishes that he could be Gakusha instead. He would be a great teacher.”
Dean picked up the pace, ignoring the branches scratching his face, only focusing on getting to the den. Getting to his love.
Dean sits back, his body slumping with the weight of the revelation. This road that Sam is starting down will not be easy, if not impossible. He feels for his brother because he is also involved in an impossible relationship that will never have a resolution. “Damn. That’s hard.”
Castiel immediately complied, cooing happily as he wrapped his arms around Dean’s neck, gripping his fur tightly.
“Nothing to worry about, Fergus,” she curls her lip as if tasting something reprehensible. “We need him to dress out here because he won’t be able to walk in the tail.”
“Nothing, it’s stupid. When will we be back in the city?” Cas handles the travel so it’s not surprising that Dean has no clue about where they are.
, either. It was mostly weird - with very strange undertones. Not completely unpleasant, but not the worst tea he’d ever had. After putting some honey in it, it actually wasn’t too bad. He finished the cup and set it down, moving to crawl into bed.
Dean tensed as the pleasure building up within him was finally released, rushing through him. He immediately stilled, pulling Castiel flush up against him to get as deep as he could as his cock twitched within his love, filling him up with hot, thick come, the Omega clamping down on him, milking his cock and knot.
People didn’t ask how. They didn’t ask why. Which was fortunate, as Dean didn’t exactly know how to tell them about Castiel in a way that didn’t make him sound terrifying.
And he couldn’t. He was utterly spent. He didn’t even think he could move anymore. He barely felt real. Nothing felt real.
So they went down the list. Mostly they sold to Omega ranches as breeders. Were able to break into a few, to find and free a couple of claimed Omegas.
“Dean, I have to go. I’ll wait for you outside.” He uses his sweetest tone of voice that belies the anger and embarrassment he’s feeling.
“Dean! You’re alive?!” Naomi is the first one to notice him in the doorway, but at her shrieking, the entire room full of people turns.
“Claire,” Dean gasped out, voice scratching his throat, raw from screaming. His heart ached, he wanted to reach out, to hold his little crying daughter, to strengthen her weak grace from being so premature. She was so small. Dean loved her so much; he wanted nothing more than to wrap her up and hold her close, keep her safe.
Cas howls with unexpected laughter and tries to retreat. Tangled up in his robe, he falls over Dean’s leg and lands on his back. Dean is on him in a second. His lips capture Cas’s, the pressure a little too light until he gets the feel for it. Then, it’s like Dean has spent his whole life ducking into dark corners to have dirty make out sessions with boys his age.
As soon as he exits the elevator, he sees a masculine-framed blonde woman backing out of one of the rooms carrying a thin but unwieldy package. Her outfit is short, tight, and giving Dean all kinds of ideas that he immediately evicts from his mind. None of them are approaching morally appropriate. In a misguided attempt at making it up to her, he calls out, “Let me help you with your burden.”
Dean glowers at his brother, but Cas seems to light up. “That’s perfect. If they see you as timid and fragile, they aren’t going to look too deeply into your activities.”
than his own, and pointed, with a partially formed knot at its base. “Is mine supposed to be that size?”
“Oh, hush, Inchworm. Listen, Cas, you seem like a nice guy stuck in kind of a shitty situation, and I want you to enjoy it as much as possible.”
“Because…” Dean drifted off. At last, though, he sighed, heart aching at the thought of him. His beautiful beloved. “Because he… he loves me.”
When he frowns, the other two share a look. Crowley continues, “Well, there was an incident in the crowd. It was handled professionally, so very few people are even aware it happened.”
“Dean…” Castiel said, hurt by his words, reaching for his precious wolf. “Dean, please. Please don’t.”
When they are far enough away that no one could possibly hear them, Cas explains, “You looked like you needed a break, so I took a chance that Naomi didn’t pay attention to your schedule beyond this event.”
“Use your eyes, wolf!” Pamelia said. “This creature is an incredibly powerful dark force. Who knows how many he’s killed? How many he’s planning to kill? Things like him can reduce entire civilizations to ashes. He must be killed before he can harm anyone else.”
If it even is Dean. Devon doesn’t know him, and he’s only ever seen him on a screen. It could just be a lookalike. Pushing the sweat away with his less dirty shirt sleeve, he goes out to discover the truth.
“I’ve got you, it’s okay,” Cas said, standing and pulling his mate up with him. “I’m gonna take you to the hospital, so I need you to stand up for a minute, okay?”
He takes Dean over to the oldest piece he has ever seen, opening the long metal drawer where it is housed. “This is part of a manuscript that was written by the ancient Celts somewhere around 800 A.D.”
Cas snorts. “That is one of the many differences between us, Dean. I see it all the time. Just put on these robes, and you’ll witness it aimed at you, too.”
“If you get it - and that’s a big fuckin’ ‘If’ - you’ll need to get the owner’s name. Worthy blood only works if you invoke the Worthy one’s name. I suppose to keep demons from using it, but that didn’t really work well, so whatever. Just be sure to get the Worthy mortal’s name - which won’t be easy, as they fear you’ll use it for dark magic. So you’ll have to convince them you’re honest. Good luck with that.”
The Pageant had ended in the way everyone assumed. Dean won with a clear and decisive margin. Now that his sponsors have settled their endorsements for the coming year, Dean has some free time. Of course, Cas being as street-wise as his  twenty-six years have made him, that time is spent mostly together under the guise of Dean bettering himself for upcoming projects.
“No,” Dean breathed to himself, forcing himself to calm down. “No, no, don’t you start that,” he scolded himself as he donned his sleeves and finished fixing his hair.
He was so beautiful. Dean almost never got to see him like this, asleep. He looked so content, so peaceful.
His adorable friend glances up with pink cheeks. “I don’t really know how to do this for someone else.”
His mate was naked and in his arms and all happy smelling, and his skin felt so soft beneath his fingers…
Dean still can’t get used to being invited, to being wanted, not like this. Intimacy with Cas is addictive. Dean craves his touch, wants to be in constant contact with him. He can’t imagine a time when the answer to that question would be anything but a resounding, “Yes, please!”
“Where are we going, Cas?” It is killing him not to reach out and take Cas’s hand, but that would draw the attention of people around them, which could be deadly right now.
“It’s been two weeks,” Cas said, his voice growing commanding and deep as he grabbed his Omega’s jaw. “Hope that mouth of yours can still open wide enough.”
“My work assignment is just a few streets over. We can go in and get all of that cleaned off of you. You have clothes that you can wear in here, right?”
“It will be easier to just show you.” Cas swings his arm wide in invitation for Dean to enter before him. There aren’t any locks on the door, no alarm.
“Not a monster, a demon.”  Yes, I know it’s a little much, but it goes with the theme of the art or something.”
Except, when his eyes lock on those plump, bowed lips, Dean fidgets and licks them. The shine of them makes Cas’s cock twitch and he sucks in a breath. Glancing up, the flames in Dean’s eyes make him reckless. His hands come up to the collar of Dean’s shirt, fingers gently settling the fabric while his thumbs skirt along the skin of his neck. Dean closes his eyes in satisfaction, leaning into the touch with a sound that has Cas’s cock filling.
When Dean shakes his head to signal he doesn’t know what that is, Cas rummages around the shelves to find a sketchbook. He flips to a page and hands it to Dean.
At Castiel’s gentle nod, Dean rushed out, grabbing the pot and setting it on the table before scooping out a bit with a spoon, blowing on it to cool it off. Only when he felt it wasn’t going to burn Castiel’s tongue did he bring it over to the Omega, who was feebly undoing the tight wrap of furs around him. Dean gingerly slid one arm below Castiel’s head, propping him up so he could eat without choking. “Here, drink this. It’s broth. It’ll warm you up.”
The horror on Cas’s face is the last thing he sees before he feels a jolt race through his body and turn off his conscious mind.
So the Naga bit his lip and just kept on trucking, trying his best to redirect bloodflow from his lower torso.
Once they were brought back to the lord, they would never be given the chance to escape again. They would probably be locked up for the rest of their lives.
Dean paused, taking in the exquisite form of the petite Beta guard that had been so into him back at the Fifth Ring.  She was still posing in the middle of the rode, using the moonlight to artfully frame her deliciously curvy assets.
A retrofitted four-wheeler turned out from a small path she hadn’t noticed buried among the tall grass.  It was a clever bit of illusion, and highly effective.  Curiously, she wondered how many sets of eyes watched her from that tall grass, guns ready.  Not that it mattered.
Sam lifted the binoculars to his eyes and looked back over to the giant hay bale and its occupants.  He needed to know what his brother was talking about.  It could provide some desperately needed insight in how to capture the annoying bastard.
That was good.  Dean knew he was well and truly caught, and that happy little hitch in his voice told Cas that his omega was perfectly content with the current situation.
He’d learned a number of valuable lessons during that existence, developed tools that had served him in good stead when faced with an unknown challenge or adversary.  When you are as old as the planet, you experience a lot of firsts.
Dean came back to full consciousness gradually, aware he was lying on cold, uncomfortable concrete.  His throat hurt and he needed a drink badly.  He was also more relaxed then he could remember being in what felt like forever.  If there’d ever been a time he’d come that hard before, Dean couldn’t remember it.  And he’d definitely never passed out before.
Naomi shrugged.  “Here is as good a place as any.  And there’s no time like the present.”  The halos formed a wide half circle, the elegant maneuver perfectly executed without a sound. It was designed to be extremely creepy, and they'd succeeded masterfully.  Dean stepped forward.
That was not entirely true.  Meg knew.  But he hadn’t told her.  She’d found out on accident, and for all that she was a sarcastic little bitch the vast majority of the time, she was also true and loyal friend.  She’d kept his secret.
In that moment, there was only one thought filtering through Castiel’s mind.  Castiel wanted Dean.  And he was keeping him.
“Way I see it, there’s really only one way handle this,” Dean said with a fatalistic shrug.  “We treat the symptoms.”
“But Cas.  You need to get this. I mean really get it.  You do not go off with enemies, or run away cuz you think it’s the right thing to do.  You’re ours now.  As entitled to aid and protection as anyone else in this Pack. I’m your Alpha.  It’s my job to protect all of my people.  I can and will fight for you.  That’s what I do.”
Seeing that Dean was still liberally bleeding, Castiel rose and went to the kitchen to dig out a medical kit. Wordlessly, he handed a fresh antiseptic cloth over.  Dean absently accepted it and held pressure on the wound, lost to his thoughts.
At last, when they arrived home, a very tired Castiel immediately set about preparing for bed. Just before climbing in, though, he looked at the small bag of tea he’d been given.
Cas barks out a laugh. “You don’t need to be appropriate with me, Dean. You have my permission to say anything you want to say.”
Now, he just has to get into Dean’s cell and release him. He’s dressed in the same uniform as the other workers here, thanks to a young man named James, who will be missing his uniform and work id card when he returns. Surreptitiously, he makes his way down the hall, listening for every sound that might signal another person entering. Luckily, he is alone tonight.
He looked around at his world, at his land, his forest, so different from when he last saw it, and yet so similar.
Pointedly clearing his throat, Crowley lays out a tragic story. “One of the fans got out of control. She was pushing through the crowd trying to get closer to the stage. She was warned several times to stay back from the fence, but she kept trying to climb over it.”
Castiel couldn’t stand - his legs were too frozen - so he pathetically crawled around to the far side of this large alcove.
With a signal to be silent, Cas locks the handcuffs onto Dean’s wrists and makes him walk ahead of him, just like any guard transferring a defendant. Because they’ve been through enough, they make it out of the building without incident. From the courthouse to their destination is only a fifteen minute walk, but they have to avoid cameras and people, so it takes them much longer.
Dean’s scandalized sputtering is exactly what he’d been wanting, but it still makes him feel a little bad. It’s bad form to rub salt in that particular wound. He and Dean have never talked about sex because it isn’t appropriate for their caste. They aren’t allowed to date, or to be in the presence of a woman alone unless they are family members. Again, Sam is afforded so much more leniency than Dean. He’s had fans that offered to show him the ropes, so he lost his virginity while he was still an undergraduate student. He has a healthy sex life, even though he isn’t allowed to pursue a relationship, which is what he really craves.
“I can’t, Dean. I have... things I must do. Somewhere I must be. I can’t stay,” Castiel said, a new, strange sadness filling his heart. “I’m sorry.”
For a while, they both lay there, Dean kissing Castiel’s head and petting through his wild hair as the Omega slowly regained his senses. He blinked his bright blue eyes open and nuzzled into Dean’s shoulder, kissing Dean’s little speckles as he felt his belly fill with come, felt the thick knot within him, felt his lover’s cock twitch deep inside him.
I know it is difficult to get into a story with complex world-building, so I have tried to give context clues whenever I have added an element that is different from our world. Other than the castes and their requirements, there isn't much to worry about.
Knowing just how right he is, Sam adds, “Her parents are Jinushi. They protect her with their money and status.”
“So you did all this… why?” Castiel asked pointedly. After all, people never did things for him without expecting
“Well,” Dean said, pondering where to begin. “My mother, Mary, was our pack leader, strong and wise and kind. She was also our druid, able to perform powerful spellwork. To combat the demons and evil beasts that constantly befell us, she crafted enchanted arrows, arrows that could slay even dark gods. She even taught me a bit of spellwork; she was sure I had the gift.”
Cas and Dean spend two days with them in total, much longer than anyone anticipated because no previous visits with the monks have lasted longer than an hour or two. They stay without Dean’s typical entourage because if there isn’t an opportunity to be photographed, there is no reason for either Crowley or Naomi to be present. Cas shakes his head when Dean tells him as much after they are invited to stay for their evening meal.
Dueling scowls face off once Dean closes the door behind him. Both men set their jaws, stubborn and righteous. “Why are you here, Cas?”
“Oh, if you’re there,” Castiel prayed desperately, reaching to touch one of the handprints in the wall. “Please, god, protect us.”
Maybe the interest he feels from Dean is a little personal. Still, he isn’t going to let himself feel any expectations. It will be enough to have this gorgeous man close by, to flirt with him, and become better acquainted. It’s certainly a magnificent step up from his last post.
Fortunately, Dean understood his voraciousness, setting them all down beside him as Castiel greedily dug in.
“Cas!” he shouts and his cock kicks. Ropes of thick come shoot from him, but Cas doesn’t relent until he is over-sensitive.
A pair of Peacekeepers charge off the elevator, stun flares armed. They see Dean and halt, moving the flares away from him immediately. “Our apologies, Mr. Winchester. Have you encountered anyone in this hallway?”
“He still does,” Cas agrees, flushing a little admitting that knowledge in front of a Jinushi woman. Instead of looking affronted, she smiles and gives him a little wink.
Dean’s hands release him and he stretches his arms up over his head when he laughs. Cas pushes both fingers deep, searching along the front wall of Dean’s channel. It’s deeper than he expects, but he finds it and rubs unerringly against it. Dean’s body locks up, his back bowing from the onslaught of sensation.
Castiel yelped as thorns dug into his leg, and he fell to his side, dropping his brother, now completely lost to heat, unable to think, only whimper as slick soaked his legs and his twin’s shoulder.
“Because you are a family that needed my aid. I want to help you. And you’re Omegas, the most precious person there is.”
As he winds through the crowd of servers and cooks in the kitchen, Cas feels the steamy heat of the warmers crank up. Sweat has been trickling down his temples for hours. He would rip this shirt off if he could. Made of thick, black fabric, it doesn’t breathe at all. Because of the other employees, and a few of the customers, his arm is covered in various stains along the sleeves.
“That was good, Dean. That was so good. One more push, only one more push. Please. This is almost over. You’re almost done.”
The Omega’s bright blue eyes turned to him, even more vivid in the dawning light. For a moment, there was a hint of sorrow in them. “I am alone. I must always be alone. That is how these things are.”
Cas nods. Dean knows he should stop the impulse to say the blessing for the dead, but he can’t. It is tradition for his caste to recite it when hearing of someone’s passing, especially a close family member. To ignore the loss of Cas’s parents would be a slight to him that Dean can’t live with.
Claire has told him how it had felt being possessed. How mostly what she remembers beyond her own fear is that Cas had been lost and confused and
But Castiel sees past the façade of humanity, and his Grace ripples and churns in revulsion; an instinctual horror at something that should not be. The Nephilim is a monster, it’s form cobbled together from parts of other angels that do not fit. In Heaven, the angels exist in the same space, each wavelength subtly different to stop them from colliding. With it’s stolen Grace and stolen form, the Nephilim’s various parts all resonate on different frequencies, glitching in and out of existence as each celestial wave jostles to take form, at times taking shape in the same place; a hand inside an arm, a head inside a torso, eyes appearing impaled on teeth and claws. It’s its own miracle at the Nephilim exists at all. It must be in great pain.
So, Cas’ jokes are like Claire’s memes, except exactly the opposite of them because Cas laughs at shit from millions of years ago that would baffle experts in their field. If Dean were much interested in history beyond ‘were there cowboys?’ and ‘has anyone killed this monster before?’, he could write several groundbreaking thesis on anything from Ancient Sumerian innuendo to dinosaur bonding rituals to the single cell amoebas that the Archangel Gabriel had coaxed into lewd shapes, long before what they were representing had actually been created. Cas once told some long, meandering story about a shepherd and his sheep and some long-defunct farming implement that Dean had never heard of being somewhere it shouldn’t, and he’d laughed so hard he couldn’t get through it. Dean has no idea what the joke actually was, but it’s his favourite one ever told.
The angels loom over humanity and all their creations, as alike to them as Balthazar’s beetles would be to their species in their eyes. But even across that great distance, Castiel can hear them
than coming up with one of their own. In a pinch they will default to obedience rather than leadership. It’s just how they were Created. But Castiel has watched and he has learned, and the humans under his charge have never lost a war. His strategies
“I was in the area,” he told the ex-angel who was currently glaring at him across the coffee-stained counter.  “I’m starving and was getting ready to head out to grab some grub.  Wondered if you’d like to tag along?”
Benny nodded.  “Yup.  Calm as a cucumber when I left him.  He’s walking the town perimeter, making sure all’s well before heading in to bed to sleep for the next day or four.”
Against a powerful, blooded fighter like Dean Winchester, he didn’t stand a chance.  Not anymore.  Castiel found himself uncomfortably nervous, trapped as he was in the cradle of the other man’s muscular arms.
Dean stepped out of the shower, looking his body over.  Cas really had done a slick job on the heal.  His knees hadn’t felt this crackle free in months.  He looked into the mirror, trying to decide if shaving was happening.  Then he smirked.
Dean had looked at him in anger, betrayl, rage, affection, friendship, and lust of course, throughout their time knowing each other.  But none of those expressions cut at Cas quite like this.
Dean took a deep, cleansing breath, and let go.  Gripping the car hood with both hands, he shuddered through a long, powerful orgasm that was nearly painful in its intensity.  He felt the sensation of rhythmic swallowing against his cockhead as the other man wrung him dry.  Cas didn’t let up, maintaining suction until the post-orgasm sensitivity began to hurt.  Dean didn’t stop him, even then.
Dean pulled himself up to rest his muscular forearms at either side of Cas' shoulders, displaying a taunt chest above delightfully chiseled abs.  “You have a smart mouth, did you know that?  Not wise for a man in your position.”
Castiel remembered the one remarkable taste he’d had of this human with crystal clarity.  Even one had been far too much.  If angels could become addicted, his drug of choice was surely Dean Winchester.
In other words, a typical horny Alpha.  Cas wasn’t exactly surprised.  But a typical Alpha would even now being screwing Castiel’s ass through some flat surface, as was his right over an unclaimed omega packmate.  Dean had been scrupulous in respecting Castiel’s boundaries since the day they’d met.
“Dean’s injured.  Down an arm and several ribs are cracked.   We need to replace him on patrol for the next two weeks, minimum.”
The man could forgive damn near anything done to him, but God above help the fool who dared hurt anyone he cared about.  Cas was still surprised Dean had forgiven him for breaking Sam’s mind.  He probably never would have, if Castiel hadn’t sacrificed his own sanity to undo the damage he’d wrought.  Dean understood sacrifice, too.
Even loose as Cas was, Dean was a lot to take.  He flinched a bit at the initial penetration, but Dean didn’t slow his thrust, confident that Castiel could handle a little rough action, wanted it, and would not be shy in telling Dean if he didn’t like something.
Dean opened hazy green eyes and met his gaze, smiling and peaceful, before sliding into much needed sleep.  Trusting his angel to watch over him.  And Castiel fell all over again.
And once he knew to look, there’d been signs aplenty. On rare occasion Dean even had Sam drive for a while. An unusual occurrence, but Sam had seen it before, when Dean wanted room to shift and change positions during a long car ride.  It used to highly amuse him.  But that was when Dean had brought whatever caused the discomfort on himself.
Dean slid carefully into the passenger seat.  He’d put the best shocks available into the car the last time he’d rebuilt her, so hopefully they’d have a smooth ride.  It would help if His Godliness, Saint Castiel the Lord Douchebag had bothered to heal Dean after he’d finished getting his rocks off.  Sometimes he did.  Usually, in fact.  But Dean had gotten mouthy again last night.  Apparently Cas had decided to make a point.
Sam actually managed to stay away until afternoon, when the creaky sound of the bunker door opening preceded the welcome smell of O’Malley’s pizza.
The trucks rumbled to what appeared to be more or less the central area, and with a final metallic whine, ground to a halt.  One by one, the engines cut off.  The ensuing silence was eerily disturbing. Castiel had grown accustomed to the constant thrum of powerful motors.
“Are you sure? This is my first time, after all.”  Cas’ motions slowed to a crawl.  “Maybe you should talk me through it.”
So, this is mostly smut cleverly hidden beneath a thin veneer of angst.  Like ice cream with that magic shell stuff on top.  The chocolate shell is the angst.
Sam finished the class a few minutes later and headed over, wiping sweat of his face with a towel.  “What can I do for you, Castiel?  Settling in okay?”
“Yes,” the omega replied bitterly.  “Simple.  I’m going to make it even simpler.  Yes, despite my attitude I’m really an omega.  Yes, I’ll be going into heat shortly.  If you so much as think about sticking your knot in me, I’ll cut your alpha testicles off and feed them to you.”
“Nah,” Dean replied offhandedly.  “Cas isn’t going anywhere.  He’s this close to completely succumbing to his body’s demands.  And an Apex Alpha in rut only wants one thing.”
Long after Meg had left, Castiel stared at the heavily marked up list.  His eyes kept going back to the top name.  No, Castiel.  No. Fucking. Way.  As annoying as the Alpha could be, Castiel had the very real concern that one taste would be too much and never enough.  He had vowed early in life never to mate with an Alpha.  He wouldn’t break that vow for some dumb, sweet smelling, green eyed, perfectly muscled, okay, maybe a little smart, dreamboat of an Alpha who fought like a demon and had a reputation for great sex.
He wanted to leave the pack. Be out on his own again. But he’d die or starve without being able to shoot his bow. He couldn’t take down prey with a knife all by himself.
Why did things have to be this way? Why did he have to meet that lone wolf? Why couldn’t he just be content with how things were?
At last, she sighed, shoulders drooping. “Very well, then, lone wolf,” she said grumpily as she turned away, searching her bookshelf for something. “Is that what you came to me for? You want his curse broken?”
Dean faces him, eyes crazy and breath heaving in fear. Cas stands up as he hears him ask, “What would have happened?”
“Yes,” Cas sighs and leans his head on Dean’s shoulder. His head knocks gently against Cas’s, always eager to find contact. Dean points out things in the sky and Cas explains them long into the night. Their eyes are getting heavy out here in the fresh air. Dean thinks that it smells sweet and fresh, like purity. He could be happy with that scent tickling his nose forever.
Cas’s fork tumbles to the plate as Dean chokes on the bite of bacon he hadn’t yet started chewing when Sam dropped that bomb. Smug Sam is going to get payback, but not until after Dean can breathe again.
Dean gasped for air, his body fully healed as he woke, eyes brightening and color flushing his cheeks.
His only experience with anything sexual has been pleasuring himself. He is banned from anything pornographic or overtly sexual in nature, so he only knows what he has heard in whispers from those who didn’t realize he was listening.
“Yes, Alpha. I'm yours, your Castiel. Always,” The Omega replied, whimpering softly at his lover’s soft touches, at the warmth surrounding him, at the sound of his wolf’s calming heartbeat. “Dean?” He finally breathed.
Castiel groaned, and tried to pull his feet back under the sheet, while also trying to pull it down to cover him, but for some reason his feet felt so sluggish and heavy. He tried again to move them, after all, maybe they’d just gone to sleep, when he had a sudden, horrifying revelation.
Dean is learning. This world is an entirely new existence for him. He’s never washed, cleaned, or cooked for himself. The callouses on his fingers from playing guitar are not anything like the ones he has now. Of course, he still has the callouses on his fingers because Cas brought his guitar and his notebook.
“Cas?” The voice called out, immediately followed by the door opening to reveal Dean, having just fastened his belt, and even now running his hands through his hair in an attempt to fix its fluffy disarray.
“Dean-” Before he could finish, the Omega was holding onto him as tight as his weak body could, weeping openly into his arms.
“Oh, no, I’m so sorry,” he said with a gasp. “We can’t keep doing this, I can’t keep doing this to you, making you want me. What have I done?”
“Are you cold at all?” Dean asked as he wrapped Castiel’s arm next. “Are you able to breathe easily?”
Yet Dean forced himself to go on. Because it was worth it. For Castiel, it was worth it. Every second with him was amazing, a light in the wolf’s dark existence, a time when life was good, when life was clear.
Cas gently set his Omega down in the backseat, gingerly curling his legs up so he would fit. Despite Cas’s tenderness, the Omega still hissed in pain.
And the first time that Cas felt a pull towards humanity, he didn’t see a human again for thousands of years. But he couldn’t turn away from Dean; even in Heaven, he would do little but watch him until he made his own way though the Gates. Because the truth is, that Cas doesn’t really have opinions on things. Or: Cas doesn’t really have opinions on small things. What to eat, what to wear, where to sleep; these things don’t matter to him. But the big stuff, questions of right and wrong, good and evil? That is what he is made of.
After, Castiel spends more and more time upon the Earth. The humans call on him often in the days before a battle when fear is at its highest peak, just as they start to lose the ability to think rationally. Castiel has watched them for generations. He knows how they will fight, and he can make plans free of the knowledge that he might die the next day. Original and independent thought are not angelic strengths. As a species, they are far more comfortable following
. It feels like every scrap of fate in the universe was trying to keep him from having this, but Dean got it anyway.
Outside of the Impala, Cas can feel everything. He feels the Earth itself spin. There’s a song about that; feeling the Earth move. He remembers hearing it once in an advertisement for a car in Australia. He likes songs. They’re full of allegories and metaphors and all sorts of things he doesn’t always understand, but the sentiment is clear. They remind him of Heaven, the Song that his very being resonates to. He should go back, he knows that. The Song of the Host is now barely an echo of what it once was. So much of the Chorus is now empty.
. Angels have form, after a fashion; eyes, arms, legs, heads. More than other beings as a general rule, but recognisable as a body. But beneath it all, as their truest selves, an angel is simply celestial intent given Purpose. They are a wave of light, of divine wrath and infinite mercy. In his true form, Castiel could not fit inside his vessel. But as a wave, he can fit anywhere.
big no. So whatever the angelic equivalent of homophobia is, almost all of Cas’ entire species has it for him, and has had it
to make you, Dean Winchester”; about how he would hardly consider it a sacrifice if they were all to flicker out just so he could have Dean near.
Castiel has not, in fact, existed since the Beginning. No matter that Dean insists that he’s “old as balls”. Cas had reminded him that, relatively speaking, balls aren’t even that old; and that he is, if he’s being truthful,
