“I don’t know why I expected something more satisfying,” it said. “One moment of true happiness, just one, wasted like that.”
“Stop that,” Dean growled and Castiel let go of him only to press his fists against Dean’s chest, clenching hard enough for Dean to hear his knuckles pop. The pressure was almost a bit too much, but he let it slip and bit the soft lobe of Castiel’s ear. “I want you all around me Cas,” he hissed, each worth punctuated by either a kiss or a gentle bite to Castiel’s cheek. “Come on, baby.”
"That exists?"
"Oh…" she said, picking up on Dean's worried expression. She looked at the picture and then she nodded. "Yes… Lovely young man, he and a young lady sat at the breakfast table next to me yesterday. He departed for Lawrence in the afternoon. Sorry, dear," she said, heartfelt. "I'm sure he's fine. It's just a fire." A man cleared his throat and Dean looked at him. He stood next to the lady.
"A portent?"
"There should be a motel coming right up," Sam said, still ignoring his brother. Dean stowed his grumbling for the time being, going through the familiar motions of booking themselves two rooms, with the firm insistence that Jack is supposed to sleep through the night this time. It was evening now, with Dean insisting on driving the 9-hour trip without longer breaks. He was beat but Castiel had, in a show of parental generosity and sheer spousal neglect, promised Jack a milkshake. Dean wanted to fall face down into the sheets, maybe spoon, maybe fuck if Cas did the majority of the work, but he certainly wanted to sleep rather sooner than later. But Castiel had looked at him with his big eyes and Jack had quickly assessed the effect it had on Dean and copied him. Sam, the dick, laughed and grabbed the keys. So they all bundled back into the car and drove to the Culver's down the road.
"I did, but now I'm back. It's clear that Castiel needs support and any mother worth her salt assists her children in difficult situations," she answered. Dean looked up from the catalogue and turned his head in her direction. Naomi was apparently not interested in a conversation, but Dean was interested in information. Information that she probably had and maybe was even willing to share for the sake of Cas' health. He'd just have to try.
"Let me put this into the storage for you, Naomi," she said and sent Castiel an encouraging smile before she left. This close, a hint of Hannah's emotions brushed him. She was excited and genuinely happy that he was finally being initiated into the coven.
"And?"
“Well, as far as I can say everything looks fine. I’ll run some more tests and will get back to you in about a week or two,” she said and Cas sagged a bit in relief.
"Do you give all your conquests free coffee?" Dean teased, clearly trying to defuse the situation.
"Your welcomes are duly noted. Dean Winchester, if you please," she said, her voice harsh. Mary was at a loss of words and Dean did understand her. After what they've seen of Gabriel, Anna's attitude was downright scary. She was clearly here not to negotiate, but to present themselves as victors who had a debt to claim.
"The egg will not be called Hatchiette," Castiel objected.
"For the moment our arrangement works, but I know it's taking a toll on Dean to travel so often. I'd be happy to move in together, wherever that might eventually end up being, but right now I have a son to see off to college. And I'll need time to get used to that change. I know Jack's dad and my family will remain close even if I move away, but I'm not ready to be hours apart. Not yet…," he answered and Dean was a bit in awe at his level of diplomacy. Dean would have probably told his parents to stop being so nosy if Cas hadn't spoken up.
"Oh no, it's fine if it's alright with you," Dean answered, somewhat flustered, then making a conscious decision to make himself available to Jack if that was what the kid wanted. Who knew how affectionate his alpha father was. Dean had constantly been looking for approval from and closeness too his dad and other alphas in his life as well while he was growing up. If Jack was the same, then it couldn't hurt having some alpha to turn to that didn't have totally antiquated ideas about omegas and relationships.
"Sitting on the egg at this stage is strongly discouraged as the shell hasn't hardened enough to take that kind of pressure," Castiel snapped. Dean rolled his eyes, then he put his hand on the door to Cas' apartment. Castiel shot it and then the alpha attached to the arm, an alarmed look.
"Uh, maybe my life?" he said but Sam waved his hand dismissively.
"You're mighty sure that this friend of yours will provide for you," one of the other omegas said. Castiel didn't know her name, but she was maybe around his vessel's age. Usually the other omegas in the shelter avoided him. According to Cara this was just how it was. Cas didn't understand why, but he didn't think it necessary to ask. He didn't mind being left alone. Sure, he got bored now, a sensation that was very peculiar to him, but it was alright.
"I had to give you some time to talk," he said and Dean grumbled at that. The god crossed his arms over his chest. "I do want to get back to my beloved, so we should get started on the actual issue." He tilted his head to the side, a grin on his lips. "Unless you need a bit of help with issues of fertility?"
"Please change into that," he asked, then he went back to his horse. Castiel hesitated on the porch for a moment, then he turned around to get changed. Once Castiel stepped to the gate to present himself to Prince Dean, he wore dark pants and a white shirt. A beige overcoat thrown over it to protect him from the elements. Normal clothes, a bit scruffy, but fine to wear. Dean thought so too and gave him a thumbs up.
"That's discriminatory! Omega pairs and alpha pairs can also raise eggs together!" the same high voice spoke up again. Some of the other young adults groaned and muttered but Cas liked her already. "It's 1999, folks! Get a grip!" Dr. Visyak just heaved a sigh.
"But it didn't come. They could have attacked but other than pestering Rooney they did nothing," Castiel said. "Which means that they knew that me involving myself in Winchester's business would have been too risky."
"You want to meet me there? So spontaneously?" Cas asked.
"Your egg will be rebooted after you bring it in, so don't try to get out of this by killing your egg as soon as possible. The aim of this course is to familiarize you with egg care. I will let you go out into the wild with the egg for two weeks, see how you'll manage on your own. Each group receives a hatching kit, containing tools and information booklets. It's up to you if you want to make use of it, if you want to consult with family members or check out the library for information. Or maybe you want to wing it and see what happens. After that we'll check in, see how you fared, and then we'll have experts here to teach you proper egg care."
"Well, use it." Dean had to snort at that, shaking his head in amusement.
He knew that Cas wasn't usually up as early as Dean was, so Dean didn't expect a reply anytime soon. He decided to answer to his family chat later and allow himself a small detour to the nice coffee place before work.
After three days, they finally pushed aside another thick bush with too many thorns and there it was; Rapunzel's tower, bathed in the golden light of a summer evening. After the eerie sounds and equally as unsettling silences of the Wild Forest, Sam and Dean both breathed in relief to step over the threshold back into the world where they both felt they belonged, with the chorus of birds and insects and the plants swaying in the wind accompanying their almost childlike joy of having made it home.
"I'll better go," he said and started to move to the side, aware that there was no way out but to squeeze past the angel. Castiel however lifted his hand, which made Dean step back instinctively, even though there was quite some distance between them still.
"I'm networking!" she said cheerfully. "I quit my job at Roman Enterprises." Dean stared at her.
"Oh, uh, sorry to disturb you," Charlie said. "Are you the librarian?"
"We will not leave without the crown prince," he said bravely even though Castiel could see his pained expression.
"What does appropriately mean?" Dean wondered, momentarily putting aside his surprise that Cas agreed so easily. "Like, skirts that show no ankles, hats and cravats?" Cas snorted.
He went back to his room, acknowledging Charlie by kicking at her feet in passing, then he sat down at his writing desk.
"Maybe… But I'll learn to cherish the time I had with you… Or maybe…," he said and touched his chest with his free hand. "It will be different…" Dean wasn't sure what Cas meant, but he accepted the soft smile and the somewhat calming emotion that echoed through the bond. "Finish your food, we should make it to some shelter before night falls. It still gets cool." Dean nodded. "Okay," Cas told him with a smile, then he gave Dean's hand another squeeze, before he got up to see to their horses. Dean watched him go and there was something inside of him, a soft, almost painful tugging. But Dean let it happen and he was surprised to find that it didn’t matter to him if this was his own emotion or Castiel’s.
"So far yes but I think that Michael might soon come to a decision regarding Dean. I don't expect him to reprimand me, but maybe someone else will challenge my decisions… And if they demand retribution against Winchester… I'm not sure I will be able to follow my orders…," he admitted. Hannah studied him silently, but Cas wasn't sure if she was judging him for his admission. "I would have liked human-angel contact, I had hoped having Dean here would allow for it to spark…"
"You look younger than I assumed," Jack blurted out when Millie was back, which made Cas frown lightly at his son's lack of tact. But Millie merely laughed at him.
“Uhm… I don’t know. I was dressed like this when I came back…” When he looked back at Dean, he was still staring. Despite it, Cas felt such profound fondness fill what had been such a deep void inside of him for too long. Dean was here, he was alive, he looked healthy. Cas couldn’t help smiling. “Dean…” Dean startled, but then he looked at Cas again, looking at the smile, then eventually he took a deep breath and let go of the door.
good to hear that,” Cas admitted softly. Dean sent him a small smile, then he finally started the car.
"I see," John said, far too neutral for Dean to guess his chances. Mary as well seemed pensive, turning the wine glass around in her hands.
"That there are plenty of roses in the garden, yes I know," Jack said impatiently. "But the point is that you wanted them and you didn't buy them." Castiel looked at Claire, hoping that she would telepathically understand his sarcastic "thank you for this". From the way the kid grinned, she probably did.
"I have done a lot of weeding," Castiel answered.
"Sure!" he said then Cas stepped aside and let Dean get out. Dean was a bit nervous for a moment, rubbing his hands on his pants indecisively, but then he pulled Cas into a hug, kissing his cheek. Cas returned the hug with a small, pleased sigh. Dean let him go again, unsure about how much PDA was appropriate outside of beach holidays. "So, I'm sure you're dying for the most important of introductions! Cas, baby. Baby, Cas." Dean gestured towards his car and Cas laughed, putting his hand on the hood.
“I’m god,” Castiel simply retorted.
"The banished witch," he breathed and the Castiel nodded. Dean was surprised, but not quite enough to lower his guard.
The case had been routine. Boring almost. If you could put slamming the gates of hell shut on your hunter CV, then ghosts, not even particularly restless ones, were just laughable. Still, Dean had enjoyed getting out of Raurica for a moment. It was peculiar. Like a weight had been lifted off his chest to finally see something else than the same streets, the same houses. The same monotony. But at the same time, he was glad to know that he'd be returning to Cas.
Dean stared at him.
"What happened to your patience, Sam? You know that sometimes investigations take weeks."
"I agree. Humans would be stronger, more secure, if we angels weren't just passive watchers. Maybe this is an argument to pursue," he agreed. "Thank you, Uriel."
"Not necessarily. But that you might think that we're rushing things," Cas admitted.
The lands lay before him, quiet, empty and serene. The stars were impossibly bright here, different than in the capital, but not anything Dean had never observed before. He'd seen plenty of foreign skies, on other nights, during different battles. Still his eyes were drawn up, instinctively seeking out familiar constellations among the sea of lights.
Whatever Jack had been feeling about the incident, it calmed down eventually. Dean came back from the beer run and said nothing. They had dinner (Jack got to put the toppings on the pizza) and nobody asked. Dean and Sam didn’t know and it looked like Jack didn’t have to tell them. But a light uneasy feeling remained. No almost violent bubbling anymore that threatened to burst past the lid, just a low simmering worry. Because maybe one day Sam or Dean would cross paths with one of the teens. Or maybe Cas would. Or maybe Dean would ask him to go grocery shopping again (even though he would not be able to buy beer so maybe not). What then?
"Yes, but I'd much rather come up to visit you, as soon as possible," Castiel answered firmly. "I want to see you and it sounds like you need a bit of company."
human, Dean."
"And maybe now you and Dean get to spend more time together?" Jack suggested. "You do like him, don't you?" The question took Cas by surprise but he only took a moment to nod.
"The crown prince has fallen, this war is over," Castiel said and looked over his shoulder, quickly determining who was the princes' second in command, identifying him as a knight not far away, who stared at them with a pale face and wide, wet eyes. "This war is over," he repeated and the man seemed to realize what he wanted and gave the order to his men to stop fighting. Almost instantly the noise on the meadow died down, revealing the moans of the wounded and the bird song once again.
"Hey. How about we see each other again tonight?" Dean said, taking hold of Cas' wrist again before he could pull away and go give the teenagers some menus. Castiel smiled down at him.
"Oh come on. You're having a crisis because you're lusting after another omega. Is that the only issue you have in your life?"
He shouldn't be improving at the rate he did. Dean wondered if it was an effect of Castiel's Grace. Cas insisted that it wasn't harmful, Naomi had somewhat evasively confirmed that he wouldn't stop being human because of it. But surely there must be some sort of consequence for Dean too.
“Not quite… I’m in the Empty,” Cas told him with a small smile on his lip. He still didn’t know if any of this was really happening and this wasn’t just some dream he was experiencing at the Empty’s behest. But he couldn’t care, not right now. Whatever had happened, clearly Dean was alive.
"Not quite. I'm Dean Winchester and I was looking for you, Sam."
he quickly typed and fired it off. He didn't think Cas would answer because it was the middle of the afternoon after all. They both should be working.
"Maybe when this is over we will meet again as rulers of our respective countries. Since we are neighbors," he said. Dean had to chuckle at that.
Maybe next year they'd be able to host Thanksgiving at their own house, in some fancy suburb of Chicago. Maybe he'd even decorate the house with Cas and Jack, who would hopefully come visit them. He didn't want to get ahead of himself and imagine that his mom would already get to play with her grandkids then but maybe the year after that.
"Can we trust Castiel?" John was quick to ask, closing the door before Dean had even had a chance to inspect his room. "We don't have to fear that him stationing his angels here would lead to a gradual hostile takeover?"
"But despite that, despite my mother punishing you for something that wasn't your fault, you blessed me?" Dean wanted to know. Castiel turned his head to look at Dean, his blue eyes glowing.
that the place of worship was a warm, lavish room with wooden paneling, ornaments on the ceiling and high windows providing a view of a bright, star-lit sky.
"Congratulations," Hannah said with a beaming smile, when she opened to door to the chariot for him. Dean only grunted, getting out of the chariot. Hannah made a small grimace at Cas, but soon smiled encouragingly again, holding out her hand to help him down.
Dean glared.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Uhm… yeah… Okay. Cas, that'd be great, thank you," Dean managed to say. "But don't rush. We can meet tomorrow."
"An alpha. And you trust him?" Castiel nodded, puzzled by her distaste. "Don't you think he's just using you? An omega down on his luck is pretty easy prey for an alpha. Even if you're friends."
"So what now?"
"Is there anything in that small wood over there?" Dean asked the mother. "Maybe a place where your daughter likes to go?"
"Cheese, Cas. Really?
“Fluffy bathrobes,” Dean said with a grin and then presented them proudly. They were a charcoal color, with the roadhouse logo stitched on the front. Then he turned them around to show Cas the lettering on the back. One Winchester and one Novak.
"Yeah, that's a comfort."
"Do you even have a soul?" Dean asked dubiously which seemed to offend the god, so Dean lifted his hand in a placating manner. God Dean didn't have the chance to start a lecture on souls, or whatever else he had geared himself up to saying, because the sound of the door opening reached them. Not much later Castiel was back in the room with them, a basket in his arms that he presented proudly.
"I have eyes," Jimmy said. "Anyway. I hope you two know that Cas might get upset over this, so be careful." With that warning, Jimmy darted one last look at the screen, then he shook his head and left the room. When Claire turned back to Jack, he grabbed the phone out of her hands and started typing.
"Wow, Cas, I can't imagine it! You're pregnant!" Dean started right away, surprising Castiel with his enthusiasm and joy about it.
"Do you really think that?"
"Dude, come on. It's not like I never interrupted your beauty sleep with a case," Sam said with a laugh.
"Your interference was rather unfortunate and it is clearly against the code to sabotage one of our witches" he said, "but Cas is a novice, so we consider this a minor transgression." Raphael sent Castiel a sardonic smile.
"I'm so sorry," Dean managed to say, forcing the words past the pain that wanted to cut off his air.
Just as he thought that a sound reached his ears.
"And you're sure? If the bond works, won't that be a commitment?" he wanted to know. Dean shrugged.
"It's not as bad at Gabriel makes it sound," Castiel assured Dean, trying to cover his unease. Dean must have noticed because he showed him an encouraging smile. He didn't ask any other questions while they finished their pie and coffee. Gabriel had apparently gotten his dose of amusement, because he excused himself to deal with some other business.
"Uh, hi Hael," Dean greeted, studying the girl in her blue dress and yellow cardigan. She had the same intense blue eyes as Cas did, though then again, many angels here seemed to have blue eyes. Charlie made an encouraging gesture towards the girl, who lifted her head high.
No matter what Cas had said about the state of his Grace and health, he seemed to be sorely missing that little bit (or lot?) that he lost to Dean when he healed him. A part of Dean knew that he should ask for clarification, to understand exactly what was going on. But a bigger part still was reluctant to bring it up, so he merely stored this issue away in a corner of his mind.
he typed before he really could stop and think about it. Cas sent him back an umbrella emoji not long after. Dean felt relief at that, like he had avoided a crisis, at least for the moment. After that he continued to work with the fog somewhat lifted. He made good progress, had some cheerful conversation with his work colleagues and even managed to leave the office at a reasonable 6PM.
“Oh, no. That was the blade of one of my fallen brothers. If an angel is killed with its blade manifested, it will remain in this realm.”
"Kids? As in plural?" Dean asked, not keeping the grin off his face. Cas chuckled. "Because there's space for three in the backseat of the Impala." That got Cas to laugh.
"Oh you mean Ketch?" Rowena ask with a laugh. "I know Ketch well and we've already dealt with each other before. Ketch has no real loyalty, not that I'm one to judge. He takes orders not only from Hess. Most recently he has been working with Asmodeus."
"Alright, Jack. I will remember your words," he vowed and Jack's face changed back to a smile.
“Thank you, Jack. That is very good advice. Please be affectionate with me,” Cas said firmly before Dean could say anything to Jack, then he turned the key in the ignition. Pop music came from the radio, drowning out Dean’s defeated “oh my god”. He slumped down in his seat, rubbing his face with his palms, but eventually he did extend one hand to drop it on Cas shoulder, giving it a light squeeze.
Castiel breathed in deeply and then wordlessly cast the spell. It activated at once and Castiel barely bit back a gasp as the spell wrenched open the barrier between him and Dean. Castiel had to breathe through the torrent of all the emotions mixed together, forcing himself to open up as well. His magic guided Dean's focus towards him to give it something to cling to.
"This isn't over yet, Jack. I'm still disappointed in you," he told him but Jack was unaffected, moving right up to him and told him where to click to open the app. Cas caught a glimpse of a very short chat exchange with this man called Dean but then Jack was already tapping an image.
"I would have it you hadn't meddled," Dean said. Gabriel laughed.
"Sure, here's your kit," she said and bent down to grab the box.
"Yes," Castiel said and then Raphael seemed to notice Dean because his eyes focused on him, narrowing instantly. Castiel tried not to react but something must have passed over his face because Raphael's head turned slowly and his eyes fixed on Castiel, the look calculating and harsh. Full of disapproval. Most likely, Gabriel had already informed him and the entire coven of his run in with the hunter. Gabriel was the kind of person who caused trouble simply to see where it would lead.  He enjoyed the chaos that developed, without a care for people who got hurt. Castiel pushed down the long familiar bitterness about his life here in Raurica, because he didn't want Raphael to pick up on anything but cool disinterest.
of May, the king and queen would retreat for the day and not show their faces to anyone, not even Dean. Dean, who had been too young to remember too many things but old enough to know that he had lost a brother that he loved dearly, was aware that it at least had to be connected to the disappearance of Sam Winchester.
"There are some chat groups with other new students that I joined. We've been talking for weeks! And we're gonna meet up for burger and fries!" he explained, then he showed Cas his phone. "I've put together a list of things I want to do and places I want to visit!"
"No witch should be able to get to Sam or any of us. The ten years pass and nothing will happen," John assured her.
"Obviously!" Charlie exclaimed at the same time Benny said: "No, we're just concerned about your well-being." Benny shot Charlie an annoyed look. Dean shook his head at them.
"You know I'm not one to judge," Millie told him, "I knew Henry was the one the moment we met. And I'm glad that we didn't hesitate to do what felt right to us." She looked from Dean to Cas. "I assume you're finding yourself in the same position."
"So what? I'm ready. Since I'm an adult and not technically the King and Queen's child, I can make my own decisions. And my decision was to enter my name!" Charlie said, then she looked over to Bobby. He and Anna were going through the list. "I'm not sure if Bobby accepted my application or if the scary but hot angel lady will. But I said I'm your handmaiden." Dean couldn't help snorting at that.
"God, I smell and I'm sore! Sitting in a carriage with 20 other people for hours and hours isn't really my idea of a good time!" she exclaimed, then she took a sip of her tea. "No offense," she said, holding out her cup towards Tessa, who sat next to her. Dean finally took the time to look around the tent at the people who had been brave or foolish enough to accompany Dean to his imprisonment. Most of them were people of his army, but he was glad to also see Pamela, Ellen, Jody and Donna sitting together, with blankets and furs wrapped around them, chatting. These were all people Dean trusted with his life, people that had seen Dean and also his family through many difficult times. That they were here now filled him with a greater warmth than the fire or tea ever could.
Grace couldn't be easily measured, therefore the only indication he had of how much of his Grace was left now that it was no longer bleeding out or turning into poison inside of him was his general health. And it was fine, as far as Castiel could tell. He wasn't back to full strength, which was to be expected considering that it had only been two weeks of Dean and him trying to build a bond. His Grace needed time to be recharged and, if it would happen, it needed time to flow out of Dean and back into Castiel. There were no records on this, so it was only Flagstaff's hope that the half of Cas' Grace that he had willingly sacrificed, would be returned to him. Maybe it would also be Dean's wish for everything to return to normal.
Even though Dean had denied Cas the initial bond that sex would have promised, Cas was glad to find that daily meetings with Dean had at least marginally slowed the rate with which he was bleeding Grace. It was therefore no surprise to Cas that he kept looking forwards to sharing breakfast with Dean, even though it meant he had to get up earlier than he would have liked.
"We'll see about that," he hedged, then he wrapped his arms around Dean, pulling him down.
“Hey Clarence,” he heard Meg say and he reached up to open the window. It provided no relief for the musty smell, as the cold air that streamed into his office wasn't particularly fresh either. Most people used the backyard to have a quick smoke.
"You too," Cas said and then there was Sam, even taller than Jess.
"Okay, buddy, be careful with her. She's a very classy woman and you need to treat her well," Dean said, slipping into the passenger seat.
“No,” Cas said resolutely. “I’m way beyond that. I am in love with you, Dean.” Dean did blush again, but he also smiled, seeming pleased. “You don’t seem to be upset with me about it.”
"I just have to clear him from the list of suspects," Dean muttered. Cas had never made that list and why should he have? He didn't seem to have any ties to Sanders nor to the orchard. Also, Cas was in his shop when the storm was raging and he had a power outage due to the storm. Surely, a witch that planned the destruction of an orchard (or the man tied to it) would protect himself against that.
"I actually have done that before… I've been in love before, you know? And it's always been inconvenient and it's always on the job or just between jobs. You know how it is."
"Oh, Dean. I didn't expect to see you," he said and Dean was amused to see how Cas tried to pat down his hair.
“Yes, please don’t.” Cas huffed. Despite his serious expression, Dean had to start laughing at that. Cas frowned. “What?”
Cas had been cautious around Dean afterwards, apologetic and unsure until Dean had assured him that it wasn't a big deal.
came. The witch knight, every part of him covered in black armor, gleaming with the blood of foes he vanquished. You know the tales," she said. "But no matter how dreadful the witch knight looked, he faced the entire army of demons and destroyed them all. Not uttering a single word or sound.  He left as quietly as he came. And our village still stands." The old lady looked at Dean, her light blue eyes searching him. "So you keep a good eye on him, dear knight."
Whatever Dean had expected from the battle against the angels, this wasn't it. When they had arrived on Dean's decided upon battle ground, it had looked far too lovely to be the site of a hopefully quick battle. It was a pretty meadow with colorful flowers, with a small copse of trees on one side and some bushes that were alive with the songs of birds. It was idyllic and beautiful. It was still beautiful on the day a small army of angels stationed themselves at a distance, waiting in their light armor without shields, without helmets, just standing there like shining statues among the flowers. The intelligence had spoken of a disorganized people who were unable to properly guard their borders, of in-fighting and loss of stability and at first, confronted with the laughably small amount of underdressed angels, Dean believed it.
"Yeah right," Charlie snorted, but she seemed to lose interest quickly, turning back to her book. He could tell her to get lost, because this was his room, but that would probably be more trouble than it was worth. And he had a letter to write to Bobby.
"As do you," Castiel told him, happy when Dean's arms came to wrap around him.
He reached the gate, awkwardly looking around. He let his eyes sweep over what wasn't the overgrown, hostile wilderness that he had come to expect. This was a garden, one that was still wild, with human hands barely able to contain its natural desire to spread and grow. But it was a garden nevertheless and right there, watering the salad, was Castiel. Of course, he was a witch, so the traveler found Castiel's eyes already on him, his face pulled into a puzzled frown, but there was no malice in his expression. Castiel put down the watering can and approached. His clothes were dirty and in disarray. His hair had grown long again, held back in an unruly, dark braid that had a day's work of gardening stuck to it. His cheeks were scruffy too and he looked more like the wild creature he really was than he had back at court.
"I would like to engage you in a mock battle," she said, seemingly testing out the word "mock" which had Dean suck in his lips to stop himself from laughing.
He found his way back to the library on his own, eager to find some information on Grace and whatever the hell it was that Cas did to him. But when he got there, Naomi was sitting at one of the desks, reading.
"Castiel obviously didn't request to investigate Lucifer's involvement but to investigate your claims. Castiel might have implied that you are dishonorable liars, but I'm sure you'll forgive him for it." Anna didn't say it like a question and Dean merely nodded. He didn't care about that to be honest. "However, the downside of the correspondence is that Castiel had to officially disclose your imprisonment and marriage to Castiel. Of course, Lucifer must have been aware by now, but now that he officially knows a visit by him or to him will most likely be inevitable. I don't think I have to tell you that this will be dangerous."
Maybe he should be grateful for small mercies. Maybe he should be relieved that this wasn’t happening on a cold concrete floor with blood-stains and shattered glass and Bobby and Sam watching. He should thank
"Well, at least I'll be paid for it. Not that I will do a good job of it. But apparently this is what I have to do as a sign of gratitude to my future alpha. It seems like he has been promised some perks for agreeing to this arranged mating." Castiel sighed. "I didn't know that there were still States that had rules like that." Gabriel shook his head.
("Should enroll the kid into college. Give him something else to do than steal you away," Dean had grumbled once they had been reunited after the three-week hunting excursion.)
"You're the only alpha I tolerate," Claire said, blowing Jack a kiss. As expected Jack beamed at her, very pleased with the (arguably underwhelming) compliment.
"What kind of god are you anyway?" Dean asked and the god drummed his fingers against his arms in amusement. He shifted his head slightly, the golden earrings he wore catching the light of the fire.
Castiel cried pitifully and even Sam couldn't stop the tears from falling.
"Well, he tried, but clearly it didn't stick," Gabriel said with a shrug. "But yeah, we knew."
Dean got out of the car and slammed the door. He didn't wait for Cas to speak or to follow him, he simply went into the house. Castiel stayed seated, for just a while longer. He brushed his fingertips over the worn leather of the car, feeling the comfort of it, chasing away the last lingering remnants of Raphael's black magic.
"So you worry about him?" Dean asked, unsure of what the relationship between Sam and Castiel was, but trying to sniff it out. Castiel nodded and Dean didn't doubt that Castiel cared about him, but as to why and in what capacity still evaded him. "That seems reasonable even though I'm sure he's just fine. He's young and sometimes people forget the time when they're partying." Castiel frowned at that, clearly displeased. "Why not go check together, see if we can find him?" The mistrust was clear on Castiel's face.
“You can’t do that to Dean!” he shouted into the gentle silence of this realm. Amara started laughing and even though the sound was so painfully familiar that the ache Castiel felt almost outweighed his surprise.
"We're strangers so I…" Novak nodded at that. "Did you want to…?"
"You didn't show up when we did this during high school," Castiel said sharply and Dean shrugged. Did this man take nothing seriously?
Dean Winchester
"Fuck!" Dean exclaimed. "Awesome! Thank you!" He jumped up, unsure what to even do with all his emotions right now.
"Dean isn't like your father. He won't take from you," Ellen said, surprisingly insistent to defend him. Castiel knew that Dean was charming, funny, intelligent and kind. And Castiel missed his scent when it faded from his shop. But he was a hunter, barely better than a wanderer. Castiel shook his head. "He has so much love to give, just like you do," Ellen added.
"I hear you, Dean. And I support you. But give yourself a break from time to time," he said. "You haven't even decided who you want to accompany you. Do you honestly want to leave this all to Bobby?" Dean scoffed at that, but followed Benny as he headed back to the covered path that lead back to the more modern part of the castle.
"A Sennentuntschi," Cas repeated, taking a seat on the chair next to Dean. "I couldn't make sense of it before, but now it's obvious."
"Ha, was it though?" Lucifer asked, his grin simply widening. Dean realized that Lucifer was the kind of guy who knew that he'd get away with pretty much anything. Those people were a pain in the ass to deal with. "Not everybody looks favorably on your decision to let the humans off this lightly. Some might even find it a disgrace, or even think it's treason that you are now investigating where you are investigating."
They didn't really talk about it, they didn't have to. Maybe it was thoughtless to place his faith in the power of the love spell, but Dean had crossed what seemed to Cas like one of the ultimate bridges. The chains and lock across his secrets had finally been eased open by the spell and Dean had confided in him. For Cas it was only right to open up in return. At least partially.
The ceremony that followed was very short. The priest asked them to kneel on cushions on the floor, both facing him. The angel who had accompanied Castiel came to bind a red ribbon around their hands, tying them together. Then she held out a chalice with something to drink, first to Castiel, who sipped it diligently, then she moved over to Dean, pressing it against his lips. He scrunched up his nose, but he did take a sip before she could spill it all over his uniform. It turned out that the content was sweet wine.
“Cas is fine,” Castiel told them, then he wished them a good evening. Eliot accompanied him to the door. Alarmed, Jack dashed away from his hiding place, to hide behind the car instead.
"Do you have a portrait of Kelly? Something I can show Jack as he grows up?" Castiel asked.
"Cas kicked me out of the parlor, again. And then Gabriel gave me a lecture," Dean said gloomily. Confusion flitted over Benny's face and he dropped his winter jacket onto a stool, unbuttoning the top of his collar.
His parents' quarters were down two flights of stairs and over in the modern extensions of the castle. He hurried through the corridors, somewhat slowing down whenever he crossed someone, but not too fussed about decorum at this point. The guards let Dean through without any fuss and Dean felt like his heart was about to explode out of his chest when he stood in his parents quarters. The light was still on and they had even put on a fire. Both of them were dressed down, sitting on the sofa with wine in their hands. His mother noticed him first, finishing her drink and got up.
"The kids made an argument that I have been wearing the same swimsuit for years. I agreed with them and got something new," Castiel told him, but still kept a hold on the bag. Luke studied him, then he crossed his arms, leaning back against the wall.
"Back to Dean," Naomi said, clearly disinterested in Sanders' misfortune. "An unrelated hunt is a good place for a hunter to die."
"Take care of Hatchiette," Dean told him, his expression and voice exaggeratedly serious.
Dean took the next week to really think about what he was going to do with the time he still had here. While Dean and Castiel's talk had been very enlightening (and highly concerning) most of their theories were nothing but that: theories. Dean didn't know the angels enough to be able to judge the likelihood of them being accurate any better than Cas did. Still, he wrote home about what he had learned and what course of action he would advise the crown on. There would be no exploiting of Cas' vulnerability since working together with him seemed to promise the best results. Basically, what his letters came down to was asking his family to stay on alert but not to do anything for the time being.
"Dad, they've got pie too," she said and Cas spotted a man making his way through the people.
"Yeah?" he asked.
"Have no fear," the god said gently, not lifting his eyes off the task, but Dean felt himself relax slightly, watching the magic happen. He hoped with all his heart that it worked, praying in his mind to whoever was listening.
“I think I’m nervous,” Jack said, tilting his head. “It doesn’t feel comfortable.” He turned his head towards Cas, frowning. “I don’t understand why I have to feel those emotions. It’s rather inconvenient.”
"I guess that answers my question," Dean said, "but what do you do?" He looked at Sam, finding him fretting slightly, widening his eyes when he found Dean's attention on him. "I suppose you're some kind of nerd. Something with wisdom or law? Definitely something boring."
"Alright," Castiel said, surprisingly calm and that was an immense relief. "What happened?"
“The kid was like some kind of vacuum. It started gradually, but we noticed that he was sucking up power,” Dean explained. “Like he went supernova inside the Empty and then he sucked up energy. Especially divine energy. We figured, hey why not use it on Chuck?” Dean shook his head, chuckling mirthlessly. “You should have seen his face. The dude didn’t even see it coming.”
"Oh, gracious me! Found yourself in a bit of a hassle, didn’t you?" Rowena asked, when she let herself into the tower. She dropped her bag on the floor and took a seat at his table. Castiel took a moment to compose himself, closing his eyes with a deep sigh. Sam was resting on his chest, chin hooked over his shoulder, crying. "We haven't seen each other in what, 10 years? And now I show up and you have a baby?"
have he liked to spend on his phone texting and eventually, after some prompting, also calling Dean. Since they had met on a dating platform, Cas felt no shame that the question of actually meeting came up pretty quickly. Dean had offered to make the drive from Ohio to Illinois ("I travel for business all the time, I'd be happy to travel for fun" had been Dean's argument) but Cas felt embarrassed about living in a motel. And Cas couldn't justify spending 10 hours driving with all the work he still had to put in at his job before his well-earned holidays. And he was uneasy leaving Jack alone or dropping him off with family just to meet a man.
"Not for witches, not for Sam," Castiel told him. "But I still worry." Dean remained silent at that, pensive.
"With the noises you're making you must be an old man," Dean teased, taking off Impala's saddle and then handing it over to the staff at the stables. Castiel shot him a disgruntled look.
"Yeah. But I gotta go now. Work to do, people to observe," he said and while Sam started talking, Dean quickly said bye and ended the call. He could imagine Sam's bitch face and sure enough by the time that Dean had reached Gabriel's bakery, his phone vibrated. Sam had sent him a pissed off emoji. But at least that was all, no follow up questions or comments.
"As we've seen Rooney has had contact with angels and it hasn't been particularly hostile," Bobby explained, not letting himself be distracted by their new arrival. "But we got confirmation that there have been some casualties in the last year or so, people ending up dead on the steppe."
"What?" Sam spoke up when Dean just nodded. "What's going on?" The god smiled, then he reached out to grab Castiel's sleeve, before he also grabbed a hold of Dean. And then there was fire and warmth and the next moment they stood in the main hall of the Bunker.
“I only need to touch my fingers to your forehead,” Cas told Stacy. She hesitated but eventually she nodded and took a step forward. Cas raised his fingers and pressed the tips to her skin.
"I… don't know… The omega is supposed to guard the egg." Cas could see a frown appear between Dean's brows again.
"Uh, sure," he said and Emma did so, her hand flying up to her ear. Castiel felt his heart hammer in his chest at the thought of speaking to Mr. Winchester on the phone. His face heated up and he hoped that he wasn't as red as a tomato already. Emma waited for a while, then she rolled her eyes, removed the phone from her ear and dialed again.
"Uh, you sure?" Dean asked. He hadn't even thought about that. He didn't know what kind of currency they had in Enoch. He really hadn't learnt much about the place in the months he'd been here. Castiel nodded again. "They'll be glad to know it. Okay, I'll be getting out of your hair now. Enjoy dinner."
"Cas, chill! There's no need to panic. Just lie down a bit and recover," he said and after some hesitation, Cas did lie back down next to Dean. His nose twitched and he wiggled around a bit.
Something about Dean was… different. When they woke up together in the morning, Dean seemed to smile at him first, bright like the morning sun, but then it wilted away behind a stormy face. And Dean turned away from him, rolling out of bed.
"You're being too optimistic about the continuation of my lineage," Cas said and Gabriel chuckled.
"You can't be serious!" Raphael shouted. "Castiel has to be punished for the incompetent way he dealt with Winchester! He let the hunter roam free, harass us and potentially expose us to other hunters!"
"Oh yes. Charlie told me you might be doing a bit of family planning," he said, wiggling his eyebrows suggestively. Dean heaved a sigh, shaking his head. Such a gossip.
“And?” Jack wondered. Castiel smiled.
"So, what are you here? Loki? Gabriel?" Dean asked, keeping his tone unimpressed. Gabriel laughed at that.
And then there he was. Rowena stood there, speechless and shocked (a rare emotion to befall a witch of her caliber). In her door stood a child, soaked through with darkness and power, far too dense for a child that small. It was dirty and thin, hard to say if it was a boy or a girl, with its thin frame and long, tangled hair. But she would recognize that little tingling feeling of a blessing that chimed like a faint bell on Rowena's mind.
"What…? Winchester? You're a royal? Why are you looking for me?" Sam asked, guarded now.
"You're a sap," Dean muttered. "But same…" Castiel chuckled and Dean felt some of the tension inside of him ease. "So… what now?"
"Hm, I don't know," Dean said, his voice dropping down a bit, which made Cas look at him. They were at a red light now and Dean took the moment to send him a look. "There are some alphas out there who find that pretty sexy." Castiel felt his cheeks burn at that, surprised by Dean's suggestive smile and wink, before he had to drive again, leaving Cas to his thoughts.
"Agents Smith and Smith, no relation," Dean said, holding out his fake badge and then motioning it to Cas. "We've come to assist the police in a murder case you've witnessed?" Now the guy gulped, putting aside his jelly, suddenly looking pale.
"Alright…? But you'll have to tell me what's up, because right now I don't know what's going on with you."
Dean resolutely turned away from him to talk to the angel next to him. Something about horses, Dean didn't even care, as long as he didn't have to look at his husband.
"Hello, agent!" Dean greeted her with a grin and saw his mom roll her eyes.
“Oh, thank you,” Cas answered, taken aback by the compliment, though not as flustered about it as Dean was. That was unusual. Dean and Cas looked at each other, with Dean rubbing the back of his neck. “Thank you… for saving me.”
“Oh,” Cas said and watched Dean’s face fall instantly.
"When Dean touched the object," Mary started, looking up at her son with a stern expression, "which he obviously shouldn't have." Dean shrugged helplessly. "He was transported into your world. Did the same object lead you back home?"
"It's a testament to your magic that people don't notice that the coffee is mediocre and the food bland," Uriel commented dryly. There was no mocking in his tone, but that didn't make it any better. "Your magic has ensnared them enough to make them come back even though they don’t particularly have a reason to." Castiel showed him a tense smile and some of the other witches laughed at his uncomfortable silence, though Hannah shot him a bit of a sympathetic look.
Typical alpha from the Midwest with a muscle car and competitive job by day.
At the same time, somewhere far, far away, up on the mountains, a bright morning sun rose above the white peaks. Summer would end soon, the lonely days of standing guard would draw to a close and they would guide the cows back down into the valleys.
The two brothers were silent, Sam clearly surprised while Dean wore a serious expression.
"Awwww!" Sam said, but there was genuine happiness in his voice. But Dean would get him for all the laughing on the plane. One day. Right now there was nothing better than having both of his feet on the ground and Cas in his arms.
"Only the best for me, huh?" he teased, but he followed Cas out of the room.
"Force of habit," he admitted. He had gone through all possible scenarios. If Dean ordered eggs or if he took pancakes, if he had nothing but coffee or a soda for a change. He was prepared and while he felt sick to his stomach, he gradually calmed down the more his mind went through his list of possible ways to cast his spell.
There's a very short discussion between Dean and his parents about children, where there's another mention of Cas' ability to become pregnant. Also, there are more examples of Luke's outdated views on relationships.
"Yeah, pass on that one, it's too risky," Dean said at once. "Another idea?" The god didn't seem bothered at all by Dean's rejection.
"Hah, Sam! Have you heard that? You're a
"But Anael was here and she's a member of the High Council, which means that people already know," Dean argued. Castiel nodded.
"How is life at the edge of Winchester?" Dean asked charmingly. "Probably has its challenges if you have kids," Dean asked. He was trying his best to make conversation with Castiel, partially to distract the man from his worries and partially to fill the silence and the awkward rattling of the cart.
Cas hesitated for a moment, thinking how to best summarize it, the impulse to tell Dean that this was just the scheming of two teenagers was slipping to the back of his head.
"Yeah, I suppose that's the issue here," she answered cheekily.
"It's so good to see you, Dean. I believe you've already met our daughter, Claire," she said, "who is somewhere doing something very important I'm sure." Dean laughed and nodded.
Cas hadn't even noticed what was happening until it had been too late.
"Nope. Crappy mattress," he said, chuckling. "Cas doesn't usually stay the night."
"But Dean wasn't truly defeated," John argued, "he is standing right here in this tent." Dean knew that John was well aware of the damage that he had suffered, but he was clearly trying to find anything they could use to their advantage in surrender negotiations. Because Dean was sure that there was no possible other outcome. They had been defeated and Dean would not send his men to their deaths again.
"Uh," Dean started, darting a look to Cas who merely shrugged, seemingly not sharing Dean's worry that he might say something stupid or stereotypical. "I think it depends on the person. Some people enjoy it, others don't. It's not that you have to enjoy building just because you're an alpha. I do like it. I have a job where I usually sit in front of computers or inside meetings for hours and hours. For me going into the garage and working on my car or fixing up old things is a hobby… It's something I enjoy doing. It's also something I did together with my dad so that made me like it more. But I can definitely imagine more interesting things to do than putting together Ikea shelves." Jack pondered that.
"Oh, you are horrible!" she said with a giggle, but she sobered up again after a while, studying the letters Cas hadn't sealed yet. "Is everything alright?"
"Sure babe," Dean said with a smile, wheeling his travelling suitcase to Cas room. Cas knocked at Jack's door, opening it a moment later. Jack was sitting on his bed, scrolling on his phone. Cas felt a pang of sadness seeing the suitcases and bags all packed up. Jack's room was small compared to what he had at Luke's, the walls bare and the furniture still looking brand new and unused. And now even the little ornaments Jack had were gone, probably tucked away in one of the bags. Jack looked up at him.
“Come in,” Max decided, pushing Eliot out of the way so Cas could enter. Once the door was closed, Jack crept a bit closer so he could peek into the house through a window. Sound was no issue, since he heard better than he used to as a human.
"We were ambushed, by-"
"He's just shy," Anna whispered, far too loudly to actually count as a proper whisper.
"Yellow eyes dreams of fire?" Dean repeated, receiving a nod from Cas. "That doesn't make a lot of sense. What are they on about? There's no fires anywhere." Castiel was still looking up, then he took Dean's hand and pulled him away.
"Are you… Because the way I see it you're not really making a lot of progress with Dean," he said. "Maybe we should tie him down so you can at least consummate the relationship properly." Castiel scowled at him. "Right, you're too noble to demand your wedding night."
"Dean…," Castiel muttered and Dean stopped talking. "Please."
Keep your head up, Dean. You'll get your freedom, but I'd prefer not to play into the angels or our enemies' hands if we do have enemies. Sit tight."
you?" Dean answered incredulously. "How? How am I supposed to do either if you always shut me out? Instead of talking to me about Heaven's stupid plan, you go dark. You don't talk to me and the first chance you get you steal the Colt and disappear!" Castiel lowered his head at that, the shame written on his face even though he still looked angry and hurt. "I want to trust you, Cas. There's nothing I'd rather do than just trust you, but you haven't exactly given me a lot to work with here, Cas. And look, I get it." Castiel looked up at him again and Dean tried to reign back his own hurt. "You've been beaten down a lot. You haven't had a stellar year or a good track record with happiness lately."
"Come on babe, it's where I do my secret stuff. Research monster lore and creepy spells observed by nothing but your flower tapestry," Dean said passionately, but Cas just shot him a look and then he disappeared down the hall into the guest room. Dean chuckled to himself and then he breathed in deeply, feeling himself relax. It was good to be back.
He went to the reception to find out what room they were in. He received a key card from the smiling receptionist and the info that Mr. Novak had already checked in. Dean was a bundle of nerves when he got upstairs. He fumbled with the key card a bit, hanging out in front of the door. But eventually he opened the door and stepped into the room.
"We tried to flatter him," Mary added seriously. "Congratulate him on his wise leadership. We never met the guy but we guessed it couldn't hurt." John chuckled at that, holding his wine glass out to his wife.
"Now don't get your panties in a twist, Dean," Benny told him, "I hear you, but I'm just saying… we're here anyway. Why not bring back information? I've always got the feeling that the angels are pretty accommodating and interested in us. Not all of them of course, but just the regular manor staff? They're… normal. Almost human."
"Thank you," Castiel said, then he lifted his hand to wave. Charlie waved at him too and Dean said his good-byes as well. Then they were through the gate. Castiel decided on a leisurely pace, which enabled Dean to look around and gather his thoughts.
Castiel loved his niece, he really did. She knew what she wanted in life, she was unfailingly kind and she had no qualms about speaking her mind. Unfortunately, her charming and strong-willed way had the side-effect of making Castiel do things he knew he'd later regret.
"Hm, but what if I bought them? As the new boyfriend I think it's my duty to buy your dad some flowers," Dean suggested. Jack pondered that while Cas shot him a dubious look. Jack decided that was a good decision as long as he got to choose the bouquet. Jack let go of Dean at that point and greeted one of the florists.
He wasn't sure what exactly Dean had meant. He didn't remember Luke being particularly enticed by him taking care of Jack and seeing him in a traditionally omega role. And when Jack had been down for the night and the scent of poopy diapers had been aired out, Luke had been appreciative. Was that what Dean meant? That some alphas liked seeing omegas in their traditional nurturing role? Did it tickle some base instinct in them? In Dean too?
"The police searched the cabin, but there was no doll," Jack reminded them. "How will we defeat her if she doesn't have a body?" Castiel had remained silent up to now, his expression severe as always when they were on a hunt. Not that Cas personally had anything to worry about as the Sennentuntschi had no power over him. Therefore nobody objected when he motioned them to stay behind, while he approached.
"I know, but…" Castiel said, but Sam was quick to interrupt him.
"I think we can do it, but we won't go near the actual crime scene until we have confirmed that we're dealing with this… Sennentuntschi," Sam said, trying hard to get the name of the creature right. "Until then we can ask around, figure out if anyone actually knows anything about where this thing came from. There's a history museum, they might help."
"I'm a witch," Castiel said.
"I suppose it's an honor to raise a child of such blood," he said with a sniff, leaving Dean incredulous.
Dean found that he was actually nervous about the upcoming beach holiday with Cas. While he had informed his friends and family that he would be going to Florida for two weeks, he hadn't told people what exactly he was going to do there. It wasn't that he was embarrassed to fly somewhere just to meet a man he had been talking to for less than two weeks. But he didn't want them to make a big deal out of it, when Dean was already nervous. So he kept it to himself. He supposed they would find out eventually if he and Cas hit it off.
"I have been banished. I'm not welcome to set foot into the lands of Queen Mary."
"What is that?" Can wanted to know, when Dean took a moment to grin down at his phone.
"You mean I need a guide," Dean said, vaguely seeing Castiel nod in the darkness. Dean saw shadows dash through what little light the lantern cast. The mood was decidedly subdued and for a long time neither of them spoke.
"Are you staying with a friend?" Cas asked, eying the bag by the door that had gotten an extra dose of neutralizer.
"Dean Winchester?" Novak said and Dean snapped out of it. This was still business.
"Well, you'd better be sure now. The impetus curse was a wicked thing, but you overcame it. Finally, wholly." Now that got Castiel's attention and he turned to look at Gabriel. "The final key to undoing it was your selfless act. You were willing to die in order to undo Dean's death. Even though you thought this was black magic. It isn't, Cas. You're just so terrified of what you can do that you never understood that…"
Growing up, Castiel had never really put a lot of stock into the fact that he was an omega. Omega discrimination had been something that didn't happen to him. Of course, the fact that he was what Gabriel called a "pitiful hermit" also might have added to that. He rarely left the house unless it was for work, so the chances to get harassed for being an omega were slim. Not that he made a point of letting people know that he was an omega. In his opinion it was nobody's business and in Illinois it wasn't required by law to state your status when you applied for a job. Only once Naomi had suggested him for a position in Sandover HQ and had been refused based on his status, Castiel thought to even mention it.
The people were lining the street leading from the castle gates, far beyond the city limits, where the pavement became cobbled stone, houses scattered, faces grimmer. The noises died down to a hush when the castle gates were thrown open. The guards were dragging someone out, hands wrapped around a rope, tugging the unresisting figure. Mary watched with a stony face as Castiel was dragged out of court, stripped off his robes and garments that had collected the dirt of days spent in the dungeon. Banishments were great shows that were often accompanied by people shouting their anger and disgust, throwing things and spitting at the traitor. But as Castiel was pulled through the town as a show of his disgrace, no choruses of the mob calling for his destruction followed. Castiel was silent, sad as he was expelled, and so were the onlookers. For Castiel had served the kingdom with a heart rare to people of his creed, unfailing, righteous. A proper witch of the realm.
"Rapunzel, Rapunzel!"
"Okay," Cas said. "Thank you."
"I assure you that Dean will be well guarded," Castiel told him calmly though Dean for his part was definitely not reassured in the least. There was no way that he was going to become some angel's play thing!
"I think that's just an old wives' tale," Dean commented since he wasn't the one who had had plenty of discussions with Luke about that before and knew there was no point in trying to convince Luke.
"No! I mean yes! Yes he has powers, but they're not bad. Not demonic. He can move things with his mind. But that's all," he said and Dean approached him, arms lifted.
Castiel found that to be somewhat reasonable. It wasn't that he expected to have children anytime soon, but he was entirely sure that if he did, then he'd be perfectly ready for the task.
"I must find Sam," he said, holding up his hand when Dean pulled out his sword with a grim nod. "It's not safe. You should stay back." Dean frowned.
Dean's tension was slow to relax, but at one point someone rolled him back into bed, propping him up with pillows, rearranging his blanket. Dean dully became aware of people around him, of someone who must be a doctor and of his father, their faces worried and terrified. Dean looked at them, blinking a few times to make sure that he wasn't dreaming. When his father nodded at him, Dean finally calmed down a bit but with terror receding it made space for him to be embarrassed about throwing up in front of the king.
"Alright. Tell me Dean, how are you coping with the separation from Castiel?" Gabriel asked. Dean was prepared for the questions to go there, because there was no other reason for Gabriel’s sudden appearanc, but he was surprised by Gabriel's sudden serious demeanor. "And don't lie." Dean snorted.
"Uh, Gesundheit. What?" Dean answered, at the same time Sam asked "what? What did he say?"
"I had orders to proceed with you however I saw fit," Castiel said. "I had planned to capture and interrogate you, but then I saw you wounded. I had to save you." Dean opened his mouth to argue. "Because it was the right thing to do." Castiel insisted.
"Of course, my loyal and royal handmaiden!" he said and she swatted at him.
"Unpleasant," he said and Dean laughed. "I was always reluctant to let Sam go to the town. It's a long journey to make for a child, but I used to accompany him with substitutes, so I do know the way."
"I'm not sure it's worth losing everything for," Hannah told him carefully. "I understand you care for Dean, whether he deserves it or not. But Cas… Maybe they're not ready yet…" She got up from her chair and put her hand on his shoulder, giving it a small squeeze. "The High Council will decide, you don't have to worry about it," she told him. He nodded, receiving an encouraging smile in return, then Hannah waited for him to seal his letters before taking her leave to have them sent.
it take to play a game? And what if it was a whole game series and he never came home, the lure of the comfort of luxury and the never-ending supply of snacks too strong?) Luckily for Cas, he at least could share his sorrows with Dean now, who might chuckle a bit at Cas' laments about his son's current game addiction, but generally had an open ear for the more serious underlying reasons for Cas' unhappiness.
“Green light from the doctor, it seems there is nothing wrong with my reproductive organs.” It took a moment for Jimmy to reply but once he did Cas had to laugh:
"Not for me to use, you dick. It was made in my image. A fancy and somewhat uncomfortable form of flattery," the god explained and Dean pressed his lips together, then his eyes dropped down to the god's crotch.
Why would a cursed dildo send him to some random countryside, Dean wondered as he started walking. Maybe this was a sexy fantasy? Dean looked around. Nope, not enough naked people for a sexy fantasy. Actually, no people at all.
"Not all that different from you," Benny reminded him but Dean hated to hear it. They weren't alike at all.
"Uh, hi, I suppose."
"Yeah… police first thought they might have meant a toy that a kid had left behind, but the witness report insisted it was creepy. Dark, leather-like material, open mouth. Vaguely female shaped."
"Your banishment doesn't look that bad," Bobby said instead of greeting the witch, looking around the garden. Castiel interested gaze closed off and Bobby knew he shouldn't have joked about it. He coughed uncomfortably.
"Obviously," Castiel answered, walking towards his dorm room, Dean in tow. "And I will take care of it. You don't have to bother."
Dean never took notice of her this time.
"I want you to come home with me," he finally said instead of answering. Dean blinked at him in surprise. "Please."
"Hey, nice to meet you. I'm Dean," he said, clearly not to be outdone in the charm department, holding out his hand to shake Luke's. Dean was after all in sales and marketing, Cas supposed he knew exactly how to deal with people just like Luke.
"I don't know… Anything suspicious at the crime scene?"
"It's a Sennentuntschi," Castiel announced.
"Think of Cas what you want, but he is trying to help you, all of you. Let him." Then she waved at them and left for good. Dean scrunched his nose. Angels. He turned to Charlie, who had been suspiciously silent the last couple of minutes.
"Come here, sweetheart," he said with a smile and Cas went with a sigh of relief, letting himself be wrapped up in Dean, gladly accepting that Dean was willing to carry his weight and let him forget what was going on outside of Rapunzel tower and all the questions the world held, just for a little while longer.
"You've done enough, Rapunzel," an old lady spoke up and Dean looked at her in surprise. "You've done enough good to last the kingdom for decades."
But then he got home and like a swarm of birds, his thoughts descended upon him the second he sat down on his couch to relax. He felt his phone inside his pant pocket, heavy like it was a cursed artefact taunting him. He pulled it out and looked at it. The black screen lit up once he clicked the button, showing a photo of him and Cas in Florida, kissing over their colorful drinks.
"Thank you, Millie," Cas answered, happily accepting the hug she gave him.
Right up until Zachariah Adler waltzed into his office at 9:47, Dean thought that life would continue how it had been for the last three years.
"I hope you didn't think I'd cheat on your establishment by getting my food somewhere else," Dean said with a wink.
He also didn't want to think of it right now. Since he already went through the trouble of actually getting up, he might as well make use of the day. He had some letters piled up to deal with and that occupied him for some hours.
Castiel remembered being wrapped into the folds of his mother's robes, feeling the wool and cotton and the softest silk brush upon his winter red cheeks.
"Very well," was all Castiel said until Dean retreated to bed and got a "good-night" in return. It looked like Castiel was settling down to spend the night in the armchair. Dean didn't want to overthink it and closed the door behind himself.
"I see it as my job to guard the people and keep the peace," he said, his voice low and rough. Dean felt himself drawn into another intense stare off with the angel. Charlie coughed uncomfortably at his side. But it was Uriel who interrupted them, by landing a heavy hand on Castiel's shoulder.
"Sure," Castiel agreed easily, happily turning the page. Dean did too. Castiel found it easy to let his mind come to rest and to simply ignore what awaited him once he returned to Pontiac.
"Hm, debatable. Back in the early 2000s I had my phone strapped to my belt, you know, all sexy and powerful, always ready to work."
"Six weeks in prison," Cas said and Dean looked down at him. "It's nothing compared to what you've suffered in Hell. I don't understand how you could possibly say that six weeks of prison were worse than the torture you had to endure."
Huh. Full signal.
"There was nothing for you to check. It's a standard arranged mating contract, or "omega transfer" contract as they liked to call it in corporations," Dean said and studied the new desk he put into the guest room. He didn't know what Novak liked, so he had decided to give him plain furniture to begin with.
"No… It was! I just wanted to see something of the world but after what has happened, with people wanting to use me because of my blood and powers… Maybe it's best if I stayed home," he said. Dean and Cas exchanged a look, but then Cas reached out and put his hand on Sam's shoulder.
"No. I'm still in Raurica. The freak storm, remember?" There was a break while Dean listened to Sam's answer. "Nah, I'm not sure. It's not a demonic omen. No signs of pagan rituals. Could be a witch." Castiel folded his hands nervously. "I was inside the dude's house and the orchard but nada so far. He's definitely shady though so I'll have to look into him some more. Maybe find some clues as to who his contacts are." Dean huffed into the phone and then he stepped away from the window. "No, no need. Just stay put and I'll call you again. Okay. Bye."
omega at all. Dean and Cas weren't idiots. They knew that they should just get it over with and fuck, but somehow… Dean didn't. And Cas didn't.
"Yes, your Highness," Dean said and went out of the tent.
about it? He didn't have Facebook so he couldn't just change his relationship status for the entire world to see and speculate about.
"Can't fault him there, dating can be stressful," Dean said wisely. "I was a nervous wreck until I walked through the door and saw you."
"Fuck," Dean said, feeling the tension inside of him snap. Castiel patted his back. "Shit, really?" Naomi didn't react to his cursing.
He was almost glad when they had put Lawrence behind them and were now on the open road. Benny tried to distract Dean by chatting about the preparations he and Bobby had done, but Dean was only half-listening.
"I hope so," Castiel told him genuinely and Dean remained standing there, holding his eyes for a long while. Eventually Dean ducked his head with a small, embarrassed huff and shuffled away.
Castiel looked at the fabrics Dean had brought him and the flowers that were on top of it. Castiel wasn't an idiot.
Dean had listened to him intently and Castiel wasn't sure what his alert expression meant, but after a moment the man cracked a grin.
"The angels care," Flagstaff snapped at him. "Castiel enjoyed great respect from everyone in Enoch, a well-liked leader which we would have loved see represent us in the High Council. But now this puts all of his efforts into jeopardy. It is a shame, really, that he gave his heart to you."
"Wait, Dean," Castiel said, detaching himself from mouthing at Dean's jaw with some difficulties. Fuck, Cas looked amazing when he squinted at Dean all seriously, both of his hands now on the side of Dean's neck. "Do you even want this?"
"I did for years," he muttered.
"Cosmic consequences?" the god asked, looking at his brother who shrugged. "I don't think I understand."
"Thank you, Dean." Dean kissed back, but then he drew back and grinned at Cas.
"Damn, this is an inferno, I've never seen a whole city on fire!" Dean shouted over the roar of the fire and people's cries. Castiel paid him no attention, since his gaze was drawn upwards. Hundreds of crows were sitting on the roofs of the houses that hadn't yet caught on fire. They were silent, watching, unhelpful. Castiel's eyes met the one with golden eyes, starting right back at him. Gabriel was here, watching.
"Well, what do you say about us going back to Pontiac. I treat you to a nice dinner and then we fuck," Dean suggested, wiggling his eyebrows suggestively before he turned the key.
"That does reek of Gabriel's hand. He's such a trickster," Rowena said, but from her it sounded impressed and admiring. "So," she continued, composing herself. "You have a little cursed princeling on your hands and you decided to raise him." Castiel nodded. "And you don't plan to harness his power and use him to destroy those who wronged you?"
"Oh, relax! While the wedding night is required to cement the union, a tradition that I'm sure you humans are familiar with, I highly doubt that Cas will jump straight to making babies. That's not his style," he said and then put his hands in his hips. "Far too mushy, that guy."
"I missed you!" Charlie threw herself at Dean the second he was off the horse and on the ground. "How was it like? Did you talk to mom and dad? What does Rooney look like?" Dean didn't even get to say hello under this barrage of questions, but he laughed and pulled her in for another hug instead.
"I could have gone to the library. Or a bar," Dean insisted but it was half-hearted, since he crowded Cas against the counter almost right away, brushing his lips over Castiel's cheek, lightly nipping at his skin, brushing his hands over his sides. Evidently opening up was the key to the love spell working, Castiel mused somewhere in the back of his mind.
"Sure thing, Dean," Benny said in answer to his request, then he left Dean to his own devices. Dean reluctantly turned on his back, staring up at the familiar ceiling. His body was screaming for him to take that hot bath, but now that he was here he felt like never getting up again. Still, he forced himself to sit up and remove his shoes and most of his clothing. He staggered into the bathroom and breathed in deeply when he noticed the scents of the bath oils. He stripped and then lowered himself into the already prepared bad, hissing in delight.
I apologize for the wait. November and December have been very difficult months for me and even though I wanted to write my mind was just a lot of white noise. I hope there won't be a month long wait until the next chapter :3
"Are you alright?" Castiel asked but he also felt the question reverberating in the Grace, a gentle, inquisitive pull. Even though the bond had been properly formed between them and Dean could guess Castiel's emotions relatively well, he wasn't sure how to wordlessly communicate with him yet. Maybe he never would, since he wasn't an angel, but Cas seemed perfectly happy despite Dean's limited abilities.
Dean wasn't exactly worried about what Naomi had said, but he was irritated. He went back to his part of the manor and got a hold of Donna, knowing that she was in contact with Hannah.
"I… uh… was investigating a case and I accidentally touched some cursed dick and landed here. On some hill two hours or so away from here," Dean explained and Castiel listened, somewhat dubious but still attentive. Something Dean said seemed to make sense to him, because his eyes widened slightly. He turned around and bent down to the floor, grabbing something that was under his bed. He got back on his feet and held it up for Dean to see.
Castiel felt no small amount of satisfaction of a clothing job done right, when Sam saw them in the library.
"I might still knock up some poor omega," Dean argued with a grin and yes, that was a worrying thought.
"Mom actually didn't have a pie for me this time… Don't know… maybe didn't expect me even though I said I'd come…" Dean continued talking and Cas wondered if he was mostly asleep with how slurred his voice sounded. "Got me one from the bakery… It actually tasted better… Don't tell her I said that."
"Could still be not our kind of thing. Maybe the people are related or friends and got to their positions through networking?"
"I… uh… I kinda met someone," Dean admitted and felt his cheeks heat up. God, what was he? A teenager with a first crush?
In the following weeks, Dean gave his parents the cold shoulder even though they tried to spend as much time in the company of their children as possible, more actually than they had in years. All meals had to be taken together and they tried to involve them all in activities whenever work and studies allowed for it. Dean stopped walking out on them because it just led to Benny receiving the order to drag Dean back. Those had made for highly awkward family meals.
"Dean, yes," Castiel told him impatiently and Dean complied, putting pressure against Cas' hole until his finger slipped in without resistance. He moved it around lightly, but a second finger slipped in just as easily.
“Wow, Clarence. You
"That's commendable, Dean," Cas said and Dean had to smile at the phone. "But I still worry about you." Dean sighed, putting down his fork. "I'm your boyfriend, I can't help it."
“Good,” Dean said, then he licked the tip of Cas’ nose. Cas pushed Dean off the couch in retaliation.
"Yes, I do, Cas! I promised I'll make you see the sky and you
"What? It's true!" John told him. "Cas might be over 40 but he's an omega. As long as omegas have their heats they can pop out babies! Tell him Mary."
a read or check out
"Yeah well, we're not coming with you to become part of your little zoo!" Sam spat, straining against the demon's magic.
"You mean apart from being a prisoner and forced to marry a fucking angel?" Dean spat. Castiel wasn't in the least impressed by Dean's outburst, his expression not changing at all.
"You bring death to my door and you bring a demand. Pretty insolent, don't you think?" he asked, his voice amused. He was slouching in his chair, resting his cheek on his fingers. Witches traditionally didn't care for monarchs and this particular witch was no exception.
To add insult to injury, it was a very boring, painfully slow day. One request for a consultation from Hendrickson that ended up being a 20-minute debate about vampire bite patterns, a butt dial from Garth and one check in call from Sam. As if Dean couldn’t manage the phones for one day, emphasis on
The sound carried, echoing, even though the void of the Empty should have swallowed it. Before Cas could however find the cause of it, the space around Cas started to tremor. Alarmed, he braced himself, expecting the Shadow to finally show up to torment him. And if not the Shadow, then Billie or some other creature Cas had killed. But all that happened was that the void around him shook and rumbled, but soon it quieted down again and everything returned to its eerie, profound silence.
"Maybe not to you, now that you know nobody will be ravaging your booty."
"Nice," Dean said and stepped out of the door, finding himself on a stone porch, slightly sheltered from the elements by the awning. He took pictures of the landscape around him, the green hills becoming hazy in the distance. Then he turned around and looked at the building from the outside.
“Yeah?”
"Did he communicate through your bond?" Dean asked, fascinated because while he had seen the golden eyes before, he hadn't witnessed this yet.
"I would like to formally introduce you to His Royal Highness, Dean Winchester," Castiel spoke up and Dean held his head high, not bothering to look pleasant. Instead he quickly made his way towards the chair next to Castiel, sitting down. Castiel didn't comment that. "I want to welcome him and his people to Milton Manor. And I want to thank all of you, who joined us here to make this stay as agreeable as possible." Dean resolutely stared at his empty plate, fully intent on showing his disinterest. "An alliance of humans has invaded Enoch and we have to understand why so we can avoid clashes between our races in the future. I have requested marriage to Dean as reparations from Winchester for the invasion of my country and not the angelic realm at large. While eventually The High Council and Michael will have to review what happened, this move allows us time to uncover the truth behind the humans' puzzling choice. Let us hope that our marriage, however temporary, will benefit us."
Cas was treated to a big dinner and then he was ordered to load his pictures on his laptop and present a slideshow with commentary. He had taken a lot of pictures of the beach, of his drinks and of his food ("typical Cas!" Claire commented) but he also had pics of Dean. Lots of them actually. Of him in the water, sitting on the balcony with a towel on his head and making funny faces at the camera while eating fruit salat, of him texting on the bed or sleeping on the beach. There were also selfies of them together and Castiel felt warm again just looking at them. He couldn't wait to see Dean again and thought to send him a quick text that just read: "I miss you" followed by a heart emoji.
Castiel however hesitated. He felt the old magic deep inside of him dancing around a part of him that he had long hoped sealed away. But it was alive now. Did he deserve to go back? To step into his home? Into a world that wanted nothing to do with magic?
“I’m on suppressants anyway,” Dean added. “If you want I can stop taking them now, so that my hormones get some time to adjust. But it will take some months… There might be a chance of us synching up though. I read that this make it easier to conceive?”
"No, stay seated," he heard Uriel say when Castiel was once again getting up. Uriel pushed him back down and then grabbed the decanter to do his rounds. Dean took a second to look over at his husband and found him a bit pale, his eyes staring unseeingly ahead.
"Hey Charlie. You have news for me?"
But this wasn't about what he felt like doing, maybe his wasn't even what Cas wanted him to do. He was here to complete a task. He sat up, Cas having to let go of him with a displeased frown. He put his hand on Cas' leg, pulling it slightly until there was enough space for him to climb over it into the space between Cas' legs. Cas was clearly aroused at this point. Dean caressed Cas' hip, but then he sneaked his fingers under the fabric of his underwear. Cas was quick to undo the drawstrings of his pants, then he reached out and plucked at the string of Dean's underwear. Dean chuckled but let him proceed.
He observed him further, magic brushing across the uneven patches of him, slipping into the well-hidden cracks, softly pushing deeper to get a read below the surface. Self-doubt, didn't want to be alone, fear, loneliness, a bit of a drinking problem and there was so much more there, deeper inside, buried, a glimmer that called to Castiel to be found, exposed, taken advantage of. Castiel pulled back quickly, mentally chastised himself for trying to spot all the little cracks into which he could stick his finger and pull in order to worm himself in. That was the bad thing about being born a witch.
"Sorry is not good enough! You are supposed to help! What good are you magic scum if you don't help! My wife is innocent! She didn't deserve to die!"
"Ah, I see," Castiel said, then he returned to reading a letter. Dean huffed, leaning back in his chair.
He was almost done with his breakfast, when he saw one that caught his eye.
"I thought about that too," Dean admitted. Raphael was a huge enough douche that he'd be as much deserving of it as Sanders. At least the few interactions made Dean's hackles rise in his presence. Something about the dude wasn't quite right. Dean scratched the back of his head with his free hand. "But if he's not the witch, then I have even less to work with to find some other culprit. Apparently, the city will clean up the orchard and then sell it to someone local, seems they don't trust an outsider with it after Sanders… But there's nobody who directly profits from that… it's just dead ends everywhere."
Dean had a work commitment coming up this weekend, which involved a business trip to Seattle for a big construction project kick off, so he had already warned his parents and Cas that he wouldn't be able to make the trip. He'd probably be working in the Seattle office for a while, catching up with the head of sales and marketing there to make sure all branches were doing what he told them to do. It would be quite a busy couple of day.
"Wouldn't dream of embarrassing you, sweetheart," Dean said and Cas snorted at the disrespectful way to address the woman, but Dr. Visyak only eyed Dean up and down with an appreciative look. That was clearly inappropriate, so Cas reached out and took the egg out of Dr. Visyak's hands. He held it in the recommended hand position, fingers splayed properly, hands maintaining a slightly raised temperature, before he pressed it gingerly to his chest. The egg was surprisingly heavy and weirdly textured, hard below with a softer rubber covering. But most interestingly was that it was warm and pulsated slightly. Really, far more advanced than it had been in high school, where they had used basketballs with painted on faces. Castiel wished Dr. Visyak a good evening and then he left the room, his steps careful and eyes looking for potential threats. Human adolescent males on skateboards with headphones on seemed the most challenging obstacle between himself and his dorm. Dean trailed after him a while later, the things in the hatching kit rattling in the box with Dean's steps.
"Father!" he called and swiftly walked up to Luke, who slung his free arm over the kid's shoulders, pulling him close and patting him on the shoulder.
Zachariah Adler has brought the topic of your transfer to Sandover HQ to my attention this morning. I write to inform you that I have signed the paperwork and have been assured that Naomi Falke will finalize your transfer within the next two weeks.
"I have no balls," Cas reminded him. "And it's not that cold," Cas said with a laugh, but followed Dean up the path to the house. The path was lined with pumpkins, three big carved ones decorating the small porch. Dean rang the doorbell and they didn't have to wait long for Mary to open the door, a big smile on her face.
"Where are your feelings for the romantic! A lonely witch, a handsome man, this is a fairy tale writing itself! Charlie would be all over this if she were here!" Sam has to laugh at that. He really doubted that Cas would be all that impressed by some random knight, or whatever he had been, to show up at his gate, looking for favors.
"I wish you could come with us! It won't be as much fun without you," she said. Dean reached out to ruffle her hair.
"Jack's mother must have lived in Rooney, maybe we can find his grandparents there," Castiel said stiffly and Dean assumed that was a relatively sensible plan. Cas looked down at the bundle denting his jacket. "Raising other angels' offspring is common among angels… so even if his grandparents won't take him, maybe I can find a way to… handle this." Dean was doubtful, but he understood why Cas couldn't just have denied Lucifer's "present".
"I lied earlier… I actually don't have to work this weekend," Dean admitted tiredly. "I just said that because I didn't want to disappoint you… Because I'm just so tired, Cas… I'm so sorry, I just can't make the drive today…"
Dean was highly reluctant to let an angel go anywhere inside the castle at all, especially since Gabriel's presence here meant that Dean was definitely running out of time to find a way out of his predicament. But there was nothing else to do but send word to request an audience with John and his closest advisors.
"I guess."
"Awww," he heard Sam say. The ass already had his phone out and he was either taking a pic or recording Dean's torment. What did Dean do to deserve such a horrible little brother?
"Hey, if you doubt me, why not pack your frying pan? Might come in handy," he joked. Castiel rolled his eyes at him.
"Yeah, I heard that part, but what do you want?" They young man asked, not any less suspicious.
"So it wasn't Sam," he said, suddenly turning around, causing Castiel to stop. "I mean… Man, I don't get what's going on. Is this dude trying to kill Sam or did he abduct him? What's his angle here? And what's with the fire?"
"No," Cas said at once, his voice almost stern. "It's too dangerous."
"Yeah. It always is," Sam said. Once everyone had received all the hugs they wanted, John got everyone to sit down and take a glass of wine.
"Were people not coming for you? Have you so little faith in the abilities of your allies?" the god asked and what got to Dean more than the mildly disappointed look he got from the deity, was the sudden sadness and guilt that took a hold of Cas' expression. And he yearned to say something to Cas, to soothe that pain he saw in him, but he felt his tongue tied yet again, the words painfully stuck inside his chest.
Cas was good. Cas was
"Can you… be okay with that? With me wanting this? I don't need you to want the same thing, I know you're not in a position to. But… can you be okay with me wanting it?" Castiel asked. Dean studied him silently and didn't feel like Castiel was pressuring him for an answer.
"Other than you, I do have to work." Dean looked up when he heard the words spoken in Latin. "So we'll see each other later." Castiel smiled at the god, then he got up from the bench. He walked around the table so he could put his hand on Dean's shoulder.
For now.
"Good, happy to know that," Dean announced with a grin, then he yawned loudly. Castiel had hoped that this was the end of this particular conversation. He was flattered and there was no denying that he was drawn to the prince. But this wasn't a good idea.
"You could have made the drive tomorrow," Cas told him, slightly worried about the tired smile Dean sent him. The smile soon changed into a cheeky grin.
"Okay," Dean said, somewhat insecure about it.
He had somewhat refused to think about what he felt regarding the information Gabriel gave him yesterday. He didn't exactly fault Dean, but even though he could understand the logic behind Dean's actions, the issue was that Cas still had an emotional reaction to what happened. He was upset and humiliated to have Dean expose his vulnerability, despite the fact that Dean didn't even know the extent of it.
"Yeah. Just wanted to be quiet, in case you were sleeping already. Clearly, you're not." Dean said and stepped into the room. Cas frowned and looked to the side.
Dean's best guess as to find the elusive cursed dildo was to check out various pawn and sex shops, so he hit those while the others followed their own leads. The archive notes from the Men of Letters came with a small description and a grainy photograph. Dean forwarded Cas a picture he had snapped of the page. It was a long shot, but maybe Cas would surprise him with his arcane knowledge of ancient, cursed sex toys.
"Yeah. Sometimes it's hard for people to listen because they've got this idea in their heads about alphas always wanting sex… But we don't."
It was John's signature that would seal Dean's fate.
"Oh, hey, buddy! Nice to meet you for real," he said, a bit surprised by the affection from a teenaged alpha, but it was also kinda nice. Jack pulled back a bit and beamed up at him.
It was a long, long journey back home to Lawrence, but despite the chill autumn day, the whole city was alive with color and music and cheers, everyone coming to the streets to celebrate their returning crown prince. He hardly had time to turn around, to try to find Cas in the mass of people swarming the courtyard of Winchester castle, before Sam had him in a fierce hug, crying into his hair like a puppy that had been left alone for too long.
"I have received word that Castiel put in a request for Uriel and an accompanying flight to visit Lucifer's main garrison," she announced, taking Dean by surprise. "His request has been granted. Lucifer informs us that reports from Winchester are concerning and that he is interested in disputing the claims made by humans."
"Dude, my dad was just as involved in raising me as my mom was," Dean told him with a frown, then he studied Castiel's face. Some sort of cold feeling swept through Cas even as his face heated up under Dean's scrutiny. "I'm sorry if your dad was a shitty parent."
"Yes. You're on your way here?"
"Fine. I might have been a bit pushy, but I just want to make sure you know what you're doing. I get you're in the honeymoon phase of your relationship but…"
"Why's the FBI investigating a break in?" the lady asked, though she opened the door further.
"Okay, Dean…" Castiel said, though he didn't quite feel it was okay. But he couldn't force Dean to talk, especially not after how well the meeting with Millie had gone. He just had to do what Dean said and trust him. And Cas had his own issues to worry about after all.
Cas didn't have a lot of things, because he had left most of his furniture in his ex-husband's house, but with the three of them and the tiny elevator it still took a long time to haul everything into the new apartment. Exhausted, Dean was lying on the mattress in Cas' bedroom. He didn't have a bed frame yet, but he had curtains and his clothing was properly stowed away in the built-in closet. His desk was built already and currently stood in the mostly bare living room. He had a TV but no couch yet and he had borrowed Jimmy and Amelia's foldable patio table and chairs to eat at.
"Maybe not, but I'd prefer if I get to hang out in the corridor, if it's alright with you," Benny told him. Dean heaved a sigh but smiled at him.
"But who knows. Maybe later," Jess added and Castiel had to laugh at Mary's reaction. She sat up straight at once, almost spilling her wine.
“Did it work though?” Sam asked again. Dean grumbled, then he took Cas’ hand in his and pulled him out of the library, flipping Sam off. Cas looked over his shoulder, seeing Sam laugh.
"It's fine. It's not like dad would ever pick a hook-up over me," Emma said with a confident shrug. "Though I do sometimes feel bad for him. He tells me he's happy with how things are, but I think he is a bit lonely…" Castiel knew that feeling…
"The audacity of humans! How do you even dare to invade a country and wage war without knowing anything about your chosen enemies?" he asked. "Castiel doesn't only command the majority of this circle's army, he's also a Lord himself with ties to the High King! Eventually he will become the ruler of this country that you so carelessly have tried to invade, and maybe even a High Council member!"
“I couldn’t even say good-bye. I couldn’t… I couldn’t say good-bye to you either.” Dean’s voice was hoarse and he avoided looking at Cas. Cas watched Dean’s expression crumble, saw the tears in his eyes that Dean didn’t particularly try to stop. “What point is there in being free of Chuck’s damn hamster wheel if-“
"Uh… Sorry for showing up so late," Dean muttered, rubbing the back of his head sluggishly. "I just couldn't drive anymore. I'm dead tired… I thought… maybe before I crash my car and leave you a widower before we even got married, I could…" Dean made some weird, uncoordinated gesture with his hands. But it was enough for Cas to go up to him and hug him, feeling Dean slump against him at once. "Sorry, just four hours. I'll be gone before you know it."
"Unjust! My, my, Castiel! You advanced to judging humans, I'm so proud of you!" she teased and Castiel stared down at Sam, contrite.
"Would it hurt you to actually write something more than that?" Dean muttered under his breath but then the phone vibrated again.
Cas didn't know if his own discomfort was showing, but he tried to be calm.
"Well fuck, that's not gonna happen. What's the second option?" Dean demanded to know. Flagstaff snorted.
"Great," Dean grumbled, getting up from his seat to close the doors the angel had left wide open. "What do you want?" Gabriel grinned at him.
"You've never been too keen on big changes," Sam said, "and you've always been pretty defensive about your job."
“This hunt, we, uh... we didn't want you coming along because we didn't want you using them,” Dean explained. Jack looked at him, taken by surprise. Dean was visibly uncomfortable and he shuffled around a bit when Jack looked at him.
“What?” he asked, taken aback. Pretty face and intense eyes aside, the whole situation just became a whole lot more dangerous. Dean’s hand went towards his side, where he kept his ipad with the emergency button and where his gun was. Cas clearly saw Dean’s hand twitch towards his gun, but his calm demeanor didn’t change at all.
Cas shot up when his alarm started blaring, startling him out of deep slumber. He turned it off, seeing that it was 7:30 AM. He frowned at the time, then he looked around. He hadn't just dreamed Dean's surprise visit, had he? He got up and walked out of his room. Dean wasn't here, but there was a little box on his table, with a post-it on it.
He was pondering that, somewhere suspended between cool self-reflection and self-pity, when he felt a peculiar tingling at the back of his mind. Someone or something had crossed into the confines of his banishment. Something was stalking through the vegetables, rustling, the magic in the corn salad plants brushing past them, not resisting, merely curious.
Ill at ease, Castiel watched Raphael push the door open, disturbing the bell and making the door knock against the door stopper with a clatter. Raphael moved through the world exactly like his magic did; with violent focus, constantly combative. He cast his magic out quickly, like thunderous clouds to crash against Castiel to remind him of his power and higher standing in the coven. Castiel allowed it without any retaliation. Partly because he knew that it wasn't a good idea to challenge him but also because it annoyed Raphael that he never reacted.
"What have you found?" Castiel asked. Uriel sighed, lifting his hands. Knowing that he wouldn't be able to get some more support for his cause (whatever that was) from Uriel, Dean threw up his hands and returned to sulking.
"Of course," Hester said, then she excused herself, leaving Castiel and Anna alone in her grand, light flooded study. Anna looked up, a genuine smile on her lips.
"What a blow to your stubbornness," she teased. Dean decided that he would just accept the invitation when Castiel asked for him tomorrow.
"I love you too, Dean," he whispered, a rosy color on his cheeks. He kissed Dean's forehead and then he returned to his reading, a small smile staying on his lips even though before his face had been almost stern with concentration.
Dean thought that didn't sound too good. What had Jack to do with any of this? Castiel and Dean had barely taken a seat when Naomi held out the scroll towards Dean.
"What about you? Do you want to try?" Dean wanted to know, then he put the little satchel on the table. "Benny got us some lube if you want."
"No shit," Dean said and studied Cas. "So what now? Can't you just… I don't know. Send me back? At least get people to shut up about going to war to release me?" The moment he said it he found himself at the receiving end of Castiel's frown.
I mean. Maybe he can send you back home."
"Then he'll get a taste of my angel killing blade," Dean said with a snort, finding that getting out of the wedding night had greatly improved his mood. Sure, he was still a prisoner here, but he had defied Castiel once and he'd do it again. Since Dean came with him and married him, he honored the treaty (mostly, he hadn't read it but he was pretty sure it didn't specify that sex was part of the deal) so he'd be a hypocrite if he took his displeasure out on Dean's friends. He didn't feel safe but he felt… less powerless.
"Hm… Just enjoying the view of having you in my bedroom," Dean said with a grin, then he leaned down to brush his nose against Cas, before kissing him softly.
It was frustrating and it was unfair but Cas couldn't change it. He just had to find a way to be an angel again. Then scents would just go back to being a vague concept for Cas. It would all go back to normal.
"What is he saying?" he asked impatiently. Dean looked at him, his expression amused, clearly enjoying torturing Cas by taking his time to read the text.
"We dueled and I won." He lowered his weapon, but Uriel remained on his knees.
"And we're not moving to fast?" Dean asked, prompted by that last little incredulous part inside of him. Cas shook his head. "No?"
"What exactly did Raphael do?" Michael asked even though Castiel was sure that all of them were already informed.
"What? Come on, I'm not the kind of partner who lasts two minutes and then leaves," Dean said with an offended sniff. Charlie continued pulling at him until he was sitting at his table, Benny and Charlie taking a seat as well. "What is this? An interrogation?" he grumbled.
"I'm not here to report on Castiel. I have information for you," she said.
"Sometimes," he answered with a small smile. "I don't know if we are alike, but I know how much disquiet inside our family can unsettle me. And I can see that something weighs heavy on you." Despite his words, he leant back in his chair, shrugging easily. "Then again, you are a hunter. You bear the burdens of your vocation." Dean felt that the god was giving him an easy out of the conversation, knowing fully well how little Dean loved having to put his emotions in the spotlight, especially when Sam was around. Dean thought about shrugging it off, but he felt the weight of his phone in his pocket like a brick. He thought about Cas' anguished expression and about their petty arguments skirting around the actual issue. He felt the pain of Cas' dying declaration of love and the anguish of his own answering silence. He realized that he wanted to talk about it, to someone at least, maybe someone who wouldn't add more to the guilt.
Castiel steeled himself. He was back and he was ready to rejoin the fight. Now he just needed to find his way back to the Bunker.
"Very well Benny Lafitte. Don't try to flee or enable Dean's escape," he warned and Benny looked at him grimly, but he had no other choice but to nod. "I'd suggest you call for the King and Queen. I will accept their surrender." With that he turned his head towards Uriel. "Bring in the Riet-Zien. Tell them to treat everybody who can be treated." Uriel opened his mouth in protest. "Everybody, Uriel," he pressed and Uriel rolled his eyes.
"I have no idea. Gabriel assured me that Cas isn't the kind of guy to punish others for my missteps. And that an apology would go a long way… But I just don't know…" he said. Benny sighed.
Dean however shook his head.
The new interns always brought fresh scents into the stale, stuffy rooms of the archive. Castiel was sad to see Kevin go, but at the same time he was excited to meet a new face. And with that would also come a new scent. His office was in the basement and it constantly smelled like the archive because, as tidy as he kept his space, the manila folders towering high on his shelves didn’t smell all that pleasant. Some even had the mold to show just how little people cared about the things that got tossed into the archives.
"Jack helped pick them, he wanted that noted," Dean said and while Mary and John looked at him quizzically, Mary quickly smiled and ushered Dean into the living room. Dean had been on the road for hours and he was glad to finally stretch his legs.
"I guess you know how to sell me an idea," he joked and Dean huffed into the phone. "Alright, Dean. I'll send you a text with all the relevant info, so your assistant can book your flight." Dean groaned.
"Castiel here is good at following directions of recipes, but he doesn't have passion," Gabriel said with a grin. Cas guessed that this was at least nicer than what he had said at the meeting.
talk about this. Anything that was said or done when one faced imminent death didn't count. Every hunter that made it through another almost deadly hunt knew that.
"At three weeks after birth, an egg's shell is slowly starting to harden up but it's still very fragile. If you drop it now it would probably crack on the concrete floor," Castiel told him, keeping his voice calm.
"Oh… oh, okay?" Dean stuttered, weirdly touched by those words for reasons he couldn't quite decipher yet.
Alerted by Dean's yelling, Benny fetched Hannah who in turn called back the doctor from Milton Heights. Flagstaff, which was a peculiar name for an angel ("you wouldn't be able to pronounce my real name"), had surveyed the scene with her usual disgusted expression, but she had allowed Dean to stay this time. Dean was banished to stand around in a corner of the room, out of Flagstaff’s way, as she easily maneuvered Cas into bed and then performed a number of tests on him. Dean merely watched, feeling unsettled by Castiel's total unresponsiveness and the ashy tone of his skin. It didn't look good to Dean but Flagstaff didn't make any kind of indication that the situation was as dire as it appeared to Dean.
"I've loved humans before," the god said, "but it's usually been fleeting. The way I love Cas is something I've never experienced before. I don't know what it is about him but his soul… It's radiant. It's warm, compassionate, kind. Full of love. It's like there's something inside of me that's drawn to him. That feeling has been there from the very start," he explained gently and smiled at Dean. His expression was open, soft, something that Dean hadn't seen on himself before. The god folded his hands on the table. "Maybe it's the Fates' doing, but I am grateful that Cas is in my life."
"Yes…" Castiel finally said and he showed Dean a small smile. "I'm glad to hear it." Cas leant forwards, kissing Dean softly on the lips, then he got up before Dean had a chance to properly reciprocate.
"He doesn't like humans, never has, but he follows the laws," Castiel eventually said. "But," he added when Dean meant to argue. "I'm merely speculating, but maybe Lucifer told his armies to stand by. To guard a bit less fiercely." Dean widened his eyes. "Whether they acknowledge it or not, the humans in that region rely on the presence of the angelic armies. If they guarded less fiercely, then the demons can move against them. The angels' failure to protect the informal border and consequently the human inhabitants might suggest a disorganization or even chaos."
"Hi Mom," Dean said, then the corner of his mouth pulled up into a small, involuntary smile. "It's good to hear from you."
“I fixed it!” Jack told him. “I healed her. I had it under control and I fixed it!”
"You know what I meant…! I thought this was all clear between us! I thought we didn't need words!" Cas huffed but didn't say anything.
“That means everything’s okay down there?” Dean asked, pointing his fork towards Cas’ stomach.
Castiel
"I might regret this tomorrow, especially when I have to listen to Bobby and the council," John said with a sigh, but then he looked over at Dean, his expression serious. "Dean, you have my permission to propose to Castiel."
"My name's Gabriel, by the way. Sure you haven't forgotten all about that, right, little queen?" the witch asked. "Because it would be a damn embarrassment if you hadn't only lost my invitation after we had agreed to meet again ten years after our pact but also forgotten my name!" A low murmuring and some gasps went through the people in the room at that revelation. "And all those sigils and scribbles on the castle grounds? A new art project?" he asked with a teasing voice and looked towards Lady Harvelle. "Not very well done, right? Is their court witch on vacation?" Lady Harvelle frowned at him.
"Yeah. Bye sweetheart," Dean said and Cas sent him a fond look before he left the kitchen. Not long after Dean heard the front door and then the sound of Cas' car rumbling out of the driveway.
"And I can go straight to asking you out on a date without seeming like a creep." Castiel shook his head in amusement.
"Is there any chance Charlie and some of my people could go too?" he wondered. The instant Cas' eyes narrowed Dean hastily added: "I get that I have to stay behind, but I think some of my friends could do with a change of scenery."
“You’re not a mere mortal,” Castiel told him and Dean widened his eyes at the small smile playing on Castiel’s lips. “You’re Dean.”
“Hm, I suppose you’re right,” Cas decided, not sure if he should be relieved. His next heat was some months off, maybe he’d be ready by then. Or maybe he wouldn’t be. But he agreed with Dean regarding wanting to get started sooner rather than later.
Then?
"The Nephilim I've met so far sold their stuff out of dark alleys or in the back rooms of certain establishments," the alpha commented, pulling a jar holding griffin feathers off a shelf to study them. "Good quality."
"Yes… we've had trouble establishing communication. We've sent information around Winchester, but I don’t think it was spread in Kendrick and Rooney is so far away…" She trailed off when Jack made a noise. All eyes were suddenly on Cas, who had probably been doing his stoic statue impression, but now his nose twitched. Eventually he put the basked down on the ground and got Jack out. The boy started fussing at once and Cas patted his bottom.
"We're good," Dean said and Charlie put her elbows on the table, leaning forwards.
"Well, the worst thing on my plate right now is probably that Mom's struggling a bit," he said and the god tilted his head at him. "Uh… she's been dead for over 30 years. The world's a different place, me and Sam are grown up and dad is gone. But all immediate dangers have been averted…"
"Cas could sacrifice something of equal value as a Winchester's life. For example his Grace."
Then the priest told them to rise and pronounced them wed, followed by solemn silence. And just like that, it was done.
"And what's that about? Is Castiel some blushing virgin bride or what? Because I certainly am not!" he groused after he was turned away again. The servants actually laughed at that, but not in any malicious way. Dean was surprised at how familiar the servants seemed to be with Castiel.
"Good going, Agent Smith," he said under his breath, quite impressed, and Castiel nodded at him, never losing his stern expression.
"Just leave it," Dean grumbled, which only made Charlie look at him with more displeasure. Dean had no time for it. He sat at his writing table and pulled out pen and parchment. "Political stuff."
"I'm not making millions," Dean argued with a grumble. "And I like Sandover. I like the job."
"I'm working at the gas-n-sip until 10 PM…"
"All context aside," she insisted, when Castiel helped her into a carriage in Milton Heights. "You have made a good match. He's a crown prince."
"I don't understand what happened," she said when John wasn't forthcoming with any kingly wisdom. "We had all our information and they looked completely reliable! This shouldn't have been possible!"
"Was that an invitation?" Dean asked with a leer, ignoring the look one of the other customers shot him.
When he thought about it, then there was no denying that Dean harbored little favorable feelings for Raurica itself. He disliked the drab, boring town. Most of the people he interacted with on a day-to-day basis (which were mostly just the patrons in Cas' Café and the people in the stores) appeared perfectly normal, amicable even, but some of them made his hackles rise. Like that douche Raphael who he sometimes had the misfortune to see on the street and who never had anything but a hateful scowl to offer him or the world at large. Or Michael who eyed Dean's ass with more appreciation than was suitable when Dean ran into him in Gabriel's bakery. Even Sister Jo caused a shiver to run down his spine. He seemed to be able to tolerate Gabriel, but pretty much everyone else in Cas' closer orbit made Dean apprehensive. And maybe that was just because he was the new boyfriend. But maybe, just maybe, his instincts hadn't been smothered by the slow Raurica life.
"Well, this is definitely a Christian twist to a creature that has existed for a longer time. It is a low-level demonic creature. And it feeds on human desire. As exchange for its sexual services, it makes a kill and devours the life of the Senn that had summoned it," Castiel explained. "Many old creatures roam the wild nature of the mountains, some of them vicious. There used to be chants the men up in the mountains would sing as night fell, to call upon divine assistance and repel evil. But whenever the men got ready to return to the valleys at the end of Summer, the protection wavered and the Sennentuntschi was free to feed."
"Come on, a man can dream. If you're not interested I'll go dream about someone else," Dean said, his voice light. Castiel heaved a sigh.
“Before you go all X-Men,” Dean finished. Jack was momentarily confused by the reference. Dean still looked somewhat uneasy. “It was crappy of us not to tell you. You know, we were trying to be nice. 'Cause we care about you. But because we care about you, you deserve the truth,” he said.
Dean laughed at that and shrugged.
Dean leant in and kissed him, swallowing the rest of Cas' words. Castiel looked at him with wide eyes when Dean drew back.
"Hello Dean," he greeted and shot Dean one of his small smiles. Dean grinned. "Thanks for coming."
"I don't think this is a good idea, Dean," Sam told him, shaking his head. Dean frowned at his brother, and then he shrugged.
"Wait a moment… What does that mean? For us?" Dean asked.
"There are multiple ways of going about solving this situation," the god said and Dean instantly relaxed. "It would require a bit of work but if I were to revive Billie then she'd be able to channel the magic of the blood pact again. But the chances are that she would simply choose to still demand her sacrifice and renegotiation might be difficult since the magic was a life for a life."
"Dean, I'm asking because I want to know what you want," he reminded him and his expression was soft enough that it took the edge off Dean's alarm. Dean scratched his head, messing up his hair. "Why are you nervous?"
"I can't tell you that either," Gabriel said cheerfully.
"Cas, drop the servant act, will you?" Dean said with a laugh. "You're not here as my valet, okay?"
Luckily Benny was quick to come back with dinner and a pie.
He was Dean Winchester! He had stared down God himself. He could be the alpha Cas deserved!
"Well, fuck. I don't think I deserve it, but thanks, Cas," he said and then he reached out to put a hand on the angel's shoulder. The moment his palm made the contact a spark of Grace exploded between them. Dean cursed, removing his hand at once. Cas eyes flickered dimly and for a second Dean could see his wings and a halo that looked like a crown of light. He could feel what Cas felt, the pain and the regret. The sadness and loneliness. But also his fondness for Dean, a fondness Dean knew for sure that he had done nothing to deserve in the five months of his stay here. This all passed through Dean in a mere matter of seconds and when it was gone he and Cas were staring at each other, silence hanging heavily between them.
"No… I don't have that kind of power. Maybe it's best if Dean comes with me, so we can research with Sam," he said and that sounded like a good idea to Dean. He was actually curious how a god lived.
"Yes," was all Castiel said.
"I don't know what to do with a child," he told her. Rowena looked temporarily surprised, but caught herself quickly.
"Careful. The ghosts are watching," Castiel said into the eerie silence as they passed through the houses. Dean could see movement in the corners of his eyes. He pulled up his hood and kept his eyes down.
Castiel was fussing with his collar, nervously waiting for Jack to come out to the car. It was Sunday morning now and they were both waiting in the parking lot, in the crisp morning air. Dean had a take away cup of coffee and he had had it pressed to his lips for the better part of five minutes now, which made Cas wonder if he was intent on inhaling the coffee vapors or if maybe he had decided to fall asleep with his nose inside the coffee cup.
"What else should I have done when I was handled the bundle? I couldn't have abandoned him or carelessly locked him up," he said, sounding surprisingly bitter just talking about the idea. All of a sudden that uncomfortable, dark thought was pushing itself back to the front of Dean's mind, his stomach slowly knotting up. But he had to know.
“Cas, cool,” he said.
want to impose if she'll feed me," Jack argued. John and Mary started laughing even though Cas seemed somewhat consternated by his son's disregard for manners.
"If you want to?" Dean asked and even though he seemed confident enough, Cas could spot his insecurity.
"And relieving Cas of his command is being sustainable how?" Dean wanted to know, though he did put his arm around Cas now, pulling him close because the feelings Cas projected through the bond were just making Dean miserable.
As promised, when the angels did come to formally pick up Dean, it was with a great ceremony. There were probably a hundred of them, a long white and silver train, marching through the high town and towards the castle. Dean didn’t know what the castle's explanation of this was but he doubted that they had officially announced their defeat. But the train of angels, in shining armor far more elaborate than what Castiel and his angels had worn to battle, holding swords and banners, did probably clue the people of Lawrence in on what was happening here. Dean was standing by the doors in the formal courtyard, where the king welcomed most of his guests. It was thankfully removed from the prying eyes of the people, so Dean's shame wouldn't have to be witnessed by the entire town.
"Magic isn't black and white like that, Cas. You did a good thing to revive Dean. Dean didn't die by natural means. It was evil magic and evil deeds that stole his life. Healing Dean, even if it meant sacrificing your own life, was a good thing," Gabriel insisted. Castiel looked at him, uncertain.
"What do you mean?" Castiel asked curiously.
"I must have been more tired than I thought," Cas said, then he sat up and adjusted his robe. Dean dashed out of the room and asked the nearest angel to send Hannah. It hardly took two minutes of Dean lingering outside of Castiel's room, feeling embarrassed and uncomfortable, for Hannah to show up. She seemed very interested in whatever it was Dean wanted, looking from him to Castiel's door and then back to Dean, with a small grin.
Cas made a sound of surprise next to Dean and he looked up at him. Cas was frowning, clearly deep in thought.
Dean wasn't really in the mood to join them, but a cup of tea might help him. A somewhat younger looking angel walked out of a tent close to him.
"How are you so calm?" Dean asked, exasperated, but then he rubbed his palm over his face. "You probably don't even understand us."
"The case, Dean?"
"You don’t need to torture yourself," Castiel admonished, but then his stern face fell. "I would prefer for you not to have you see me implode," he confessed. Dean hesitated, but then he looked up towards the god. It was warming up in the dungeon, the fragrance of herbs and burning wood filling the small room. The god was still unmoving, looking at them steadily, motionlessly. His eyes seemed to pierce right into Dean's very soul. It was starting to make Dean uncomfortable.
He whispered the words of the spell in practice so that he would only have to send the intent through his mind for his magic to do its work. Silently he let his mouth shape the words as he combined ingredients and imagined how he would have to open himself up, what it would be like to unchain all of Dean's rage and guilt and his ravenous need and to reshape them into desire that would narrow all of its raw power onto Cas. How it would feel to have it wash over him, plunge deep into Cas to stir the magic in him into a whirlwind of unleashed power.
"Not necessarily… Not in this instance," Castiel admitted. Mary put her hand on Castiel's shoulder, making him stop walking and face her.
"It's mostly a comforting presence inside of you. Sometimes you pick up on their feelings and yes, sometimes they communicate. It comes naturally to children even though they only have the instinctive nest bonds. It takes intent to form a bond that children aren't able to commit to yet." Dean nodded at that. "In older times, the communion was even more wide spread, with the entire host being connected in a harmonious symphony, but we've become more individualistic over the centuries."
"Get on your horse," Castiel advised Dean and the prince was too apprehensive to waste any time asking questions. Castiel took Impala's reins and he held out the light. Then they started moving. As soon as they had set foot into the forest, Dean cursed. It was dark and cold like during winter. Impala moved nervously but Castiel tugged at the reins, whispering something to her, and she calmed down.
Dean grinned, the unsettling feeling of loneliness fading away.
"Fuck, I'm so glad," he said and then he drew back to look at Castiel, who was smiling happily, his eyes shining wetly. Dean was pretty sure he had some tears in his eyes too at this point, but who cared.
"Then we should do some bonding," Dean teased. Castiel swiftly agreed.
"I think this proves it, but just for the record… Are you a witch, Castiel?"
"I don't care if you do. I did my little trick because I was curious what would happen. Raurica is pretty boring if you haven't noticed." Gabriel sobered up a bit. "Also… I kind of felt like I owed it to him and to Anna. Castiel has always been too soft, far too human for the gift that he was born with. We should never have taken him into the coven. He wasn't made for that kind of life, but what else could you do with someone as powerful as him? If left unchecked, he could have quickly become another monster for you guys to kill, or rather to be killed by…"
He didn't know why he was so upset but human emotions were ridiculous and confusing so he couldn't do anything but just letting them happen reluctantly.
"Lucifer has all of his bases covered. I don't think there's any chance to blame anything on him. And even if you did by some chance find out that he orchestrated the invasion by spreading wrong information, it wouldn't make a difference," Uriel explained. Castiel nodded but Dean sat up straight.
But here, wherever she was, summer was continuing on, the guardians never called, nothing to keep her but habit, and she was… she was hungry, she was raging. The men that had resided in the lonely cabin and had called upon her, were withdrawing from her as she approached. One of them clutched his arm to his breast, fear written all over his face. Oh, but he was not the one. Not the one she would take. Maybe next season.
"Yeah…," Dean said, though he knew that while destiny had a lot to do with how they met, it had nothing to do with how they developed.
"Maybe back when our ancestors were still living in mountain caves, only swooping down into the valleys to steal some sheep four hundred years ago!"
hanging over his head, in case you forgot that," Dean argued sharply and Sam closed his eyes, sighing. Dean ineffectively stabbed his cereal with a spoon, causing milk to slosh over the rim of his bowl. "This year alone he was possessed by the devil, got himself saddled with we don't know what because he made dumb choices-"
"You know… we should decide if we want a house or an apartment," Cas said, surprising Dean with the unexpected topic. When Cas moved, Dean lifted his arm so that Cas could roll off of Dean and onto his side. He propped up his elbow and rested his cheek on his knuckles, studying Dean.
Dean let go of their dicks and instead guided his own down to bump against Cas's balls and then slide lower in between his cheeks. Cas spread his legs a bit more, giving Dean easier access. Usually Dean was a bit more involved in foreplay, maybe a blowjob or some rimming but Dean just wanted to test the waters. Also, he wasn't sure how angels did this. How much prep did they need?
"Yeah, I think so too."
"Take your time, babe, I'm not going anywhere," he said with a wink. Cas showed him the kind of rare gummy, eye crinkling smile that Dean loved so much, then he disappeared into the kitchen. Dean looked around the café as he had nothing better to do. It obviously hadn't changed much in the last couple of weeks. It had a peculiar, comfortable atmosphere, like he was sitting in someone's living room, but it wasn't really anything special. He guessed that the cheesy phrase applied here: Cas was the heart of the café and he was what made it special. While letting his gaze travel, he noticed that a woman was sitting with the group of seniors, chatting with them. She was pretty, with auburn hair. Maybe the type Dean would have gone for if it weren't for Cas. He caught her eye when she looked up. She smiled at him, but there was something mischievous, flirty in it. Dean's mouth pulled into an easy grin in reply.
"Actually, I-I don't think that's it," Dean said even though that was probably one of the main issues that made his stomach church uncomfortably. "It's because Cas did something stupid and now he's got cosmic consequences hanging over his head. And instead of staying with me, he still goes running off!"
"Yes," Castiel told her. Mary seemed surprised and to some extent even uncomfortable.
"Uhm," Castiel said, the least eloquent he had been since Dean met him. "Okay? I am able," he said and darted a confused look towards Hannah who Dean felt lingering behind him, watching the scene.
"Here's to flattery," he said and they clinked glasses.
"I'm totally calling dibs on that one. I've already dealt with cursed pornography once, so why not also some cursed sex toys," Dean said with a grin.
"The police alerted us that they have received befuddling-" Dean lifted his eyebrows. Who the hell said befuddling? "-contradicting statements from all of you. And there has been no evidence of a woman being present at all. So if you don't want to become a suspect in a murder case, we strongly advise you to give us a proper statement," he said, taking Dean by surprise.
"I… I will. Just, please. You might be in danger," Castiel said.
"Talking to the child obviously! She's got ears at this stage of development, doesn't she?" He put the egg on the counter, softly enough not to make Cas flinch. "But if she fell and cracked she wouldn't make it."
"It's blood," he said. "Demon blood." John turned to look at Gabriel, disquieted by Bobby's and Knight Anna's grim expressions, but not sure what this would lead to. Gabriel gave the vial a spin, tossing it into the air and catching it casually. He was waiting for Mary to make a move, keeping his eyes fixed on her. Mary breathed in deeply and then she approached. John still made a move to catch her but she evaded him and Anna put her hand on his shoulder to stay him. The kingdom couldn't risk losing both the queen and the king today.
"Peachy," Dean grumbled, then he did a double take when he took notice of Charlie's outfit. She wore a simple riding outfit, her hair braided. "What's up with the get up?" Charlie met Sam's eyes.
Despite Cas driving to Illinois in the hopes of giving Dean some time to relax, he felt dead on his feet once he was back at work on Monday morning. He knew he looked bad in ways no amount of coffee could cover.
"He's going to ruin it," Raphael muttered under his breath and some of the others seemed dubious as well.
"Hello. I would like a place to sleep," Cas said, unsure what to make of the man's now carefully blank expression. His mouth was hidden under his mustache (that oddly looked similar to the kind of bristled cleaning utensils Dean and Sam used on their muddy boots) but the mustache was twitching along with the man's nose. Maybe Castiel was doing this wrong. Dean hadn't been very forthcoming with information when he had said to "catch a nap at the men's shelter". Maybe this involved some complicated human ritual first. Or, Cas pondered this with disappointment, a money transaction.
"Rowena…" Castiel said, feeling sick to think back to those days, to how it had felt to be so used for violence while his entire being screamed for an end to it. But Rowena paid him no heed.
"Sure thing, Cas," Dean answered with a smile. Castiel's smile was small and a bit shy, but then he left Dean to finish breakfast, while he probably got dressed to deal with the preparations. Even though Dean knew he had his own letters to write next to his weekly updates for his brothers back at home. But he remained seated, slowly drinking his coffee and eating his breakfast.
"No, no I swear there was a woman! And she killed Tom! I don't know how she did it, but she definitely did! She broke my arm too when I wanted to leave before she allowed it!" he said agitatedly.
"Of course. Thank you for your time, mother," Castiel said, then he hung up the phone. He looked at the egg, then he sighed. Humoring Dean. That didn't sound very enticing. It didn't seem like his mother expected Dean to do anything else but play at being an alpha father. Of course, the very nature of this exercise was make-believe.
“Okay. Well,” Dean started, then the image flickered slightly and Cas watched Dean hold the phone further away from him, giving Cas a look at more than just Dean’s face. Dean was lying on his bed, the covers rumpled, books and pizza boxes strewn around him on the bed, beer bottles and cups littering covering all the spaces Cas could see. Dean lifted his free hand, showing Cas another half-empty cup of beer.
"Hm, yes," Castiel said gently, lifting his hand to Dean's face, his touch featherlight against Dean's skin. "Actually, I love what I see," he said, lowering himself enough to kiss Dean good morning.
"I amend; at least one of you, out of a group of 20. Sit yourself down, sir. You're late." Dean shrugged, then he shook hands with some of his friends before, their hands connecting with obnoxiously loud clapping sounds, before he sat down towards the back. "When you're taking care of your egg, you can't afford to be late," Visyak finally continued after the noise had settled. She lifted one of the eggs, using both hands. "You will be paired off and given one of these. They are average size and weight for an egg shortly after delivery. The egg has sensors which send information to this little control device." Visyak balanced the egg in one hand - having Cas tense up at once because it was in violation of one of the major rules for egg handling - then grabbed the little electronic device. "This device will measure temperature, movement and impact." She pressed a button, some red letters flashing on a small display. Then she let the egg roll off her hand. It smashed to the ground and while it didn't break, the device started beeping loudly, more letters flashing on the device. Visyak looked at it, then she made an exaggerated motion of throwing up her hands. "Oh, would you look at that. Fall damage, trauma to the egg. It's dead."
As Anna had predicted, they rode until the sun was very low in the sky and the air was turning uncomfortably cold. Castiel once rode by to supply everyone with thicker coats but even though Dean had tried to stare at Cas defiantly, Cas only tilted his head at him and still didn't say anything.
"Just call me Dean. And I wasn't. This isn't actually my case or any case the FBI is interested in. It's possibly no case at all. I'm on holiday and don't know what to do with my time. I have a cabin in Whitefish and was on my way there for some boring solitude when I heard about the storm," Dean explained, putting away his fake badge.
"Okay…" Cas said and retreated into the bathroom.
But truth to be told, now that Cas finally had some room freed up in his brain to think again, the worry he had been carrying around unacknowledged reared its ugly head again. While he was putting up another shelf in his home office, with Dean being secretive in his “walk-in closet”, Cas let his thoughts stray to the many other rooms that still stood empty and unused.
It was a relief when Jess woke up. She was disoriented when she came to, staring at Cas like she had seen an apparition.
"Sure. Have a nice day at work, Cas," he said, not making a move to get out of the car.
"You should end his pathetic life right now," Uriel said with a sneer. "He deserves nothing less for even daring to wage war against the angels." Castiel didn't turn to look at him, keeping his eyes firmly on Dean's face, who stared at him with wide eyes even though Castiel doubted he was still able to register what he was seeing. He was in great pain and afraid as death claimed him.
"You have plenty of hook-ups, you don't usually linger. Not on a case," Sam told him as if he knew Dean better than Dean did himself.
"Maybe we can eat some pie together and then figure out where to go from there," he offered. Castiel nodded, smiling brightly.
"Just until we can be sure that he's fine. His prospects were pretty dire… I don't want him to die just because I didn't put enough effort into it." And that sounded good to Dean's ears, reasonable even.
"You have to get dressed and look presentable. There's no way we will let you face those angelic bastards in your underwear," John admonished when Dean opened his mouth to argue. So he stood still, letting the valet dress him up like a doll. It wasn't his army uniform, but one of his best sets of clothing for important functions. For some reason that embarrassed him. He had come to this battle field as the leader of the armies and now he wasn't even allowed to face the angels like that. Instead, he was just a prince. He was glad that nobody seemed to have bothered bringing his crown to the battlefield. That would have been even more humiliating to feel like he was mere decoration.
." Castiel didn't reply and Dean heaved a sigh, then he rubbed his yes. "Look, man… I know I was a dick to you. I mess up a lot. But I know that we can work it out if you just… I don't know. Stay. Talk."
"I have to be armed, it's how we humans do it," he said, keeping his voice strict so that she wouldn't call his bluff. Hannah merely nodded, letting Dean keep his weapons. He thought that the angels were either stupidly naïve or absolutely sure in their ability to overpower Dean should he make troubles.
"No, Ca-" but it was too late. Cas disappeared with a flutter of wings and a mighty gust of wind that almost sent Dean to the floor.
"I'm fine," he said roughly. "I'm in pain and I don't have a lot of energy but I'm managing."
"Your Ma is from far up North," Ellen told him, when she treated him to a cup of hot chocolate after he had renewed the warding around her inn.
"No…" Dean told her with a frown. "It's fun and if you haven't noticed, I'm bored out of my skull here most of the time." Charlie rolled her eyes.
Cas hated his job and he hated his apartment and he knew he was being a dramatic asshole, but he also hated whatever neighbor thought it was a good idea to make a ruckus at the door at – Cas heaved himself to the side, squinting at his phone – 12:34.
"The cursed dick sent you into another dimension? I sure hope that you didn't…" Sam made a vague gesture and Dean felt his face heat up.
“Great! How about we get drunk in celebration. Remember that you can’t drink once you get pregnant.”
"Woah! Dude! Keep it in your pants!" Dean said, catching a glimpse of what looked like further markings on his stomach and a sizeable bulge in his leggings.
"Good choice. The humans do seem to like alcohol," she eventually said, then she put a covered plate on top of the crate. "Some sandwiches. In case you engage in rigorous sexual activities." Castiel kept his face neutral and thanked her. The moment he left the kitchen he could hear giggling from it. He should be glad that the people here were so accepting of his relationship with Dean. Things could have gone very differently. Though Cas supposed that here, especially in Enoch this close to the border, angels were curious about humans.
"Humans do seem to do strange things when lonely," Jack added sagely, clearly already an expert on the topic.
"Considering that he showed up in Castiel's establishment at least twice in the last days, one wonders why he didn't report it," Raphael spoke up again and Castiel looked down at his shoes. He heard Raphael huff disdainfully, surely thinking him too soft again, one of his favorite insults to throw Castiel's way whenever they crossed paths.
"Cas!" he shouted and helped take part of Jess' weight. "Fuck, is she alive?" Dean asked as they carried her out.
Maybe there was some grain of truth to his mother's assessment of his so-called flaw. He hadn't expected Dean to actually show up.
Dean was glad how easy the interactions between his parents and Cas and Jack were as the evening progressed. His parents could be overbearing at times, but also a bit reluctant to fully trust a good thing when it was in front of their noses. They were kind and interested in their interactions with Cas and Jack, but Dean knew his parents well enough to see that there was a slight reservation about Cas. Almost as if they didn't quite believe their new relationship was serious enough to lead to them meeting again. And hell, maybe that was to be expected, considering Dean's track record with relationships. But so far they hadn't asked any difficult or embarrassing questions to assess just how serious Cas was about Dean so he counted it as a win.
"No, this is not who I am, I would never let Dean come to harm, especially not by my own hand." Gabriel exhaled loudly, shaking his head.
"What happened?" Dean asked, finding a dark cloud rising in the distance.
"You're… alive!" Sam said and Cas squinted at them both. His eyes, hair and face were quickly gaining back their color and soon he was sitting before them healthy and totally fine.
"No, that's ridiculous."
“Heaven doesn’t approve of Nephilim, since they pose a danger to humanity. I was sent to monitor him and deal with him if he was too dangerous. But he’s just a child. If I raise him right then he will fit in among humans,” Cas explained, then he looked at Dean. “If you are not here to harm him then you are in no danger.” Dean lifted his hands.
