"-You get to come on our tour! Super exclusive, highly practiced and not at all overhyped tour. Yep." Darcy said, ignoring the joking scowl on the deputy's face at being interrupted.
The ceremony was huge, and swarming with the kind of men Obie would refer to as ‘Iron Mongers’. War profiteers, people who rose up from the ashes after World War Three in the early 2400s. Tony was quite used to being lumped together with these morons, but he knew what he and Rhodey were doing for the United Empire of America was far greater than anything their counterparts’ pathetic minds could come up with.
With a foot on the pedal and a quick flick of the wheel, Steve and Bucky watch as Hammer Tower fades into the skyline as they drive out of the city.
“Ladies, gentlemen and all folk in between, today we are here to commemorate the great service of Mr Tony Stark and Lieutenant Colonel James Rhodes. I know we haven’t told the greater public much about their work, and for good reason, but I believe their dedication to this empire deserves wide recognition.”
Steve, despite popular belief, is not a fool when it comes to people. As much as the twenty-first century is difficult to navigate, when it comes to good old-fashioned friendship, he is pretty apt.
"Must be strange for you." Tony mused.
And, glancing over at Steve, Tony wondered if they might ever become friends.
Steve read, re-read and re-re-read the page. After the fourth re-read, he started questioning his eyes. After the fifth, he sorely needed to question Hammer.
“If we ignore pointless metaphors,” Romanoff spoke for the first time since she got in the car, “Clint has a point. Pierce is being shady, and the way he was looking for an excuse not to send the best STRIKE team and the tin can shows us he’s trying to cover something up.”
“Don’t,” Tony snarled. “Don’t assume shit, Maria is one of the most competent agents in this entire joint. She’d be insulted by the mere
Steve fought the urge to roll his eyes and instead did as requested, giving the man a firm handshake. Bucky just sat down and glared, and both men took secret delight in how their boss twitched slightly at being so blatantly ignored.
"Hey!" The man grinned, "Clint Barton. Deputy head. For some reason."
"Did Justin call you in on your day off again?" Steve sighs. Their boss has no regard for any employees that earn less than the top salaries.
Bucky turned the engine off and got out of the car, whilst Steve kicked the stand into place and pulled his helmet off. The older guy came bounding down the stairs, with the woman following behind in a similar fashion- they both wore the same expression of barely repressed excitement.
Happy turned abruptly and went back to his car, grabbing a HammerTab from the front glovebox. (Steve had always thought HammerTabs were terribly designed. Their screens cracked at the slightest pressure, the interface was clunky and they were so
“I know you all want to get back to whatever you normally do, so I’ll make this snappy.” Tony said with his winning smile, walking across the stage in a sharp suit and shades. “Last week, my mother Maria Stark left this world, and I took charge of Stark Industries. Many thanks to the New York lawmakers who lowered the age for that to sixteen, I owe you one!” There were quiet chuckles from the audience, and he knew he had them.
A few seconds later, he realises that this may be a terrible idea. What does he do? What does he say? Is he ready for this?
"Fuck you, Rogers. Who put
Tony, at that moment, decided he was entirely done with this. “Has anyone found the body of Maria Hill and called it?” He looked at Rumlow expectantly.
Instead, Steve turned the page to figure out what kind of character he's going to have to play.
Before Steve can say another word, the flustered billionaire is rushing towards the elevator, asking JARVIS to take him to the workshop and lock it down.
Clint laughed at the quickly forming pout on the receptionist's face. "Aw, don't be down. You'll find someone, it just takes time. Although I guess you don't have much of that."
Tony saw Rhodey’s eyebrows shoot up in surprise, then turned to see Barton run his hand through his hair in what seemed like disbelief. Obviously, Romanoff was trying to murder Pierce with her eyes.
Steve sighs, and heads for his apartment; he really wants a bath to clear his mind.
"Hand me one then. I'll keep you company."
Barton, the swimming trunks of the guys are
His eyes fought back tears, and he lost a fair amount of his composure. Maybe he was being dramatic, but never before had he felt such… anguish. But anguish turned to anger and before he knew it, Tony had picked up the frame and hurled it across the room, where it hit the ground loudly and smashed the glass. A ruby rolled along the wood and ended up back at his feet. He kicked at it with a growl, and barely even registered the shocked stares from his teammates.
Bucky patted the steering wheel and got out of the Audi, popping the trunk on the way. Steve grabbed his battered leather suitcase, and dropped the black one on the ground.
"Whatcha think this one's gonna be?" Bucky piped up, wearing a weary grin. "Chinese military base? Iranian terrorist group?"
“The nerve on you, Stark!”
"Yes." Hammer replied simply.
There was a tan biker jacket and a shiny black helmet placed neatly on the seat of the bike, both inevitably tailored to his measurements exactly.
All he can think about now is that perhaps this is his chance at happiness. After losing so much, maybe he finally gets to
in charge?"
Tony took a sharp breath in. “Hill’s dead.”
“Can it, Brock,” Clint hissed, “did nobody teach you the concept of
He shucked his suit jacket and shirt, leaving him in his slacks and undershirt, one of the ones with a space cut out for the arc reactor. Clint did a double take when he saw him.
Tony followed him outside to their seats, which were front and centre and surrounded by security guards. He huffed at that, he’s 47 and still surrounded by people who think they can defend him better than he can himself.
Tony remembers the time when Steve promised to be there. He wonders how delusional he must have been to have seen love in those eyes.
Steve nodded, swinging a leg over the side of the Harley. He turned the key and gave the bike a couple of revs; Bucky took this as a signal that he was ready to go, so he pulled out of the parking lot with more speed than was strictly necessary. Steve smiled fondly and followed suit, feeling the bike lurch forward.
I'm an autistic kid with a real bad need for validation, otherwise I never carry on with the story. Please hand over ya love 'n' helpful comments before I delete this outta some misplaced sense of self hatred.
"A real feat of engineering, Justin. You've outdone yourself, and we both appreciate it greatly."
“No, we should never assume anything.”
“Congratulations, gentlemen. You both greatly deserve this honour.” President Fury almost smiled, and Tony was glad his glasses had cameras in, maybe he would leak a photo of the almost-smile tonight.
The reporters erupted into shouts and flashes of cameras, and Tony grabbed his glasses and stalked off, Pepper effectively crowd-controlling behind him.
Bucky on the other hand wore a sharp black three-piece, impeccably cut and clearly tailored. His black silk tie was impossibly neat, and his grey shirt looked like it cost more than one of those folding phones that break instantly.
“Sir, may I suggest putting an encrypted call through to Miss Lewis?”
"I'm telling you! It could happen! Maybe he'd like me? Like, I know he's a blonde super-hunk but like-"
"Fuck you forever, Spangles."
“Finally, my third red flag was how quick the Director was to call Hill’s death. His explanation was-“
At this point, Bucky burst into Steve's living room, flapping a sheet of paper with vicious anger. "What the actual fuck is this shit, Steve? We gotta bring our own documents 'nd everything!" Steve blinked twice, and picked up the list. Sure enough, it included their own proof of identity.
undermining Hill’s death.” Rollins, Sitwell and a few other slimy agents were nodding and making noises of agreement.
With a deep breath, Steve turned his attention back to the file, and continued reading past the lines with his identity.
"Catch."
Without thinking, Tony says "Let him in."
They did as instructed, and Steve's eyes landed on a photo of a middle-aged man with an interesting beard design and cocky expression.
Before Tony could respond indignantly, Peter took the phone back and said he was heading into the lab to work on the web formula. Waving him off, Tony sat back into the chair holding his glass of whiskey contemplatively.
"Yeah, sorry, just in my head a bit."
The pair spent almost two hours in a comfortable silence, the only sounds from the traffic below and the occasional click of the lighter.
"It's either that or be hate-assigned to pilot one of those drone suits. I know which I'd rather do." Steve whispered back, before quickly straightening up, seeing Hammer turn around. He crossed the room and threw two files onto the glass table.
"And I'm Darcy! Not really relevant...kinda just a receptionist. But hi."
He followed Clint and Darcy as they turned left, walking down the corridor. Bucky was at his side, pulling at the glove he put on to hide the metal arm.
Tony smirked as the wall at the back of the lot slid open to reveal his personal parking spaces- all fifty of them. Almost all of them were full, with cars of all different colours and types filling the spots. The car pulled into an empty space and the doors opened- Tony ushered everyone out of the car and through another secret entrance in the east wall. The door took them straight into his workshop, where Tony was quietly proud of Delta’s reaction to his space.
The two men rushed out to the car, suiting up and rocketing over to SHIELD. (Well, Tony could’ve suited up anywhere with his new nanotech suit, but Rhodey didn’t have one yet.) With the helmet on, Tony allowed himself a moment to grieve Maria Hill. From the silence on the other end of the open comm between them, it seemed that Rhodes was doing the same.
Bucky sighed, and Steve turned to him.
A month after the war ended in 2435, Howard flew out into the Arctic circle with a miniature atom bomb attached to his chest and blew himself up, leaving only an old-fashioned letter to his wife and son behind. He’d disabled the AI on that particular bomb.
"Ya seriously sucking up to this guy?" Bucky whispered disbelievingly.
Also, I'm so sorry it took me so long to update. Lockdown did a number on me, but I'm looking forward to getting back to writing this. I can't believe that one chapter got 50 kudos!!
The first night, on the balcony, where he arrived with sudden comfort and a slight fire in his eyes. Today, in his apartment, where the first friend Steve saw was
"That shan't be necessary," JARVIS replies, entirely unfazed by the threat of eternal paperwork. "I would merely like to inform you that Captain Rogers has returned from Brussels."
"You're sad. Unimaginably so."
Steve raised one eyebrow at the tone of the confused woman- despite the walls, this place already seemed too friendly for it to be his mission. He definitely didn't mind though, and from the loud chuckles coming from the Audi it seems that Bucky didn't mind either.
“Sure, I’ll get some old footage on there. What’s happening?” She sounded fairly panicked now, but there was also frantic typing in the background.
He leaned in close to Clint’s ear, whispering something before kissing him roughly on the lips, hand bunched up in the other man’s shirt. Clint seemed to melt, clasping his hands around Coulson’s neck. After a few (extremely long) seconds they pulled apart, both men having the audacity not to look remotely embarrassed.
Happy grunts, which Steve decides to take as a yes. Bucky simply offers a reassuring smile to the man, which seems to make him soften slightly.
“Tones, are you okay? You were totally out of it then, staring into your drink like it’ll save the world for you.” He raised one eyebrow accusingly.
Steve noted the comment from Clint; apparently their target gives out nicknames liberally. "And I'm Steve Rogers. Sorry about him, he's-"
Steve is left standing on the balcony, faintly concerned about the future of kissing,Tony is wondering what statistics he can twist to get his mouth back on Steve's and JARVIS is pleased that his creator is no longer facing the world alone.
someone. And Steve really wants to keep Tony. Unfortunately, he just ran out of the room and locked himself in his workshop.
Time stops. Tony loses all the courage he had just moments ago, and scrambles to think of a way to cover his ass, to stop himself from making the mother of all confessions. He can't think of anything, too distracted by the man in front of him. "Nothing really," He says quickly, "just rambling. Sorry to cut the welcome back party short Cap, but I have some work to be getting on with. See you around, yeah? Yeah, around."
"Oh, Steve!" Tony mock-gasps, one hand hovering in front of his mouth, the other clutching his chest. "I would be so honoured! I am so looking forward to being escorted by my knight in shining-"
Deciding to change tack, Tony closed the document and reached for a pen and paper.
“Tony? Tony! Are you like, alive? Tony!”
Steve saw Happy snicker out of the corner of his eye, and he smiled. He and Bucky had grown particularly fond of the man, as he always quietly disliked the boss, and looked out for the two agents.
Romanoff sighed, but conceded “You can call me Natasha, I suppose.”
"I'm sorry, I must be reading this wrong. Was that you questioning my authority? Because honey, that's not how this works." Hammer snapped. "This mission is easily the most important of your careers. I need your best acting skills, so what's better than not having to act at all?"
Tony did some quick thinking to appease the frowns. “Don’t wait up! Feel free to empty the bar, it’s on me.” Smiling a winning smile, he walked away, dragging Rhodes behind him.
Even the ugliest truths show their faces eventually.
The fourth and fifth people not yelling at him were Bruce and Darcy, but that was less out of agreement and more to do with the fact that they were engrossed in a computer screen.
When Tony was satisfied, he folded the page in half and tucked it into the locked drawer of the desk.
Eventually, his joints started complaining about the rough treatment and even the large expanse of his workshop made him jittery and painfully claustrophobic. Tony found himself in the lift to the common room, suddenly achingly desperate for some form of human interaction.
“That’ll do nicely,” Tony smiled, “now, let’s save Maria Hill.”
"Well Hammer, is that any way to treat the man who could kill you?" Bucky retorted.
"Hey, this is Bu-James Barnes, and tailing me is Steve Rogers. Can ya let us in?"
Steve came to him, again. That has to mean something. Tony turns to face him, unsure but determined.
“My office is bugged. Stark, can you make it look like we’re in there?” He seemed to be looking for a key to the engine. Tony smirked, the textbook smirk that screamed
"Ah, of course. You boys have always brought a certain... charm to the business, yes. Speaking of, I have your next assignment here. Isn't it exciting?"
"Rogers! Barnes! My two best agents, my two greatest decisions! Sit down, sit down, please."
“Tones? It’s 3am, what are you doing up?”
He shook his head in defeat and focused on putting on the jacket and helmet. Taking this as a cue to get moving, Bucky hopped into the Audi, letting out an obscene noise of appreciation at the interior design and upholstery. He turned the key and held the clutch to the floor, impatiently waiting for his oldest friend to buckle the helmet. The satnav had a pre-programmed address, and so Bucky took the handbrake off and slowly drove up to Steve.
The noise in the room escalated and escalated until there was a loud whine of a repulsor and the sound of shattering glass. It was Rhodey, arm raised menacingly with a thunderous expression on his face. He’d smashed a window to get everyone’s attention. “The next person who raises their voice at Tony Stark will get a blast to the head.”
This is the point in the story where Pepper truly made a place for herself in Tony's heart. She swept him up in her life like a suited tornado, keeping him sane. Even when he wanted to wring Cap by the neck, she calmed him down and made him see some semblance of sense. And, as a byproduct, made him try even harder for the woman he truly didn't deserve.
“So I make it smaller,” Tony replies flippantly, “I’ve been meaning to do that lately. Guess it just got bumped up the priority list then? I’ll let you know when I’ve built a suit, bye Rhodey!”
Words that once flowed smoothly like clockwork ground to a bitter halt, depriving Tony of his last healthy outlet. Thinking nothing of it in the haze, he tucked his notebook away and reached for the whiskey.
Tony’s neck snapped upwards, and he looked up to see Rhodey staring at him with an unreadable expression- somewhere between concern, fondness and annoyance.
"And who's fault is that, Mr Just-Once-I-Swear, one day I'll stop doing your shitty paperwork." Darcy looked pleased at her retort, as this time Clint was sulking.
The drive up to the school was uneventful, save a couple of traffic jams and some frustrated beeping from Bucky. (Since becoming an agent, his road rage has slowly got worse as nothing he ever does could revoke his license. Steve has never worked out whether he's actually angry or finds it funny to fake being angry.)
Alpha Team is headed up (befittingly) by Brock Rumlow, a cocksure bastard whose team consists of a slimy asshole called Jack Rollins and some other goons who Rumlow seems to treat as disposable.
“We’re trying to make our way through all the coffee-shops in New York to find the ultimate caffeine-rich experience. Tasha tags along too, sometimes.”
Steve took a moment and looked him in the eyes. Sometimes they do this; he can see straight into the inventor's soul if he looks hard enough.
There was a long pause, where everyone in the car turned to look at Coulson.
Steve chuckled. "Will do."
For the first few days after the breakup, he shut himself in his workshop and worked. And worked, and worked, and kept working until his brain shut down and he collapsed on the floor, passing out for a few hours before he woke up jarred and disoriented. And then he repeated, working his way through a lifetime's supply of liquors.
A little part of him still believes. Tony is fully aware that he poured expensive alcohol on a flame and expected it to flicker and die, when deep down he knew that it would burn brighter than before.
"Come on jerk, calm down." Steve elbowed Bucky, who huffed and slouched even further in his seat. "However, he has a point. You're really sending us in without cover?"
"James Barnes. But ev'ryone calls me Bucky."
On the first page was a short explanation of the school and its (public) aims. According to the document, SHIELD was a school for kids with a high intelligence, but that made some bad decisions.
“God, I never liked you for this exact reason. Get out!” Tony was surprised to see that one came from Brock Rumlow.
, with his wide-eyed wonder and eye-watering sarcasm. As the sun finally dips below the horizon, Tony has a realisation.
Before he can spiral even further into mania, the lift doors open to reveal Steve Rogers in an extremely well-fitted suit.
"What is it, JARVIS? I swear if it's not important I'll donate you to the DMV."
“C’mon, they’re seating us for the ceremony now. I know you got a history of skipping out on awards ceremonies, but this one actually matters.” Rhodey scolded, pulling Tony along behind him as he headed for the huge double doors. He stopped for a moment to straighten his uniform and, annoyingly, tug at Tony’s tie.
"Boys! Welcome to your last-minute briefing. I'm sure you're itching to get on with this awesome mission, so I'll keep it nice and brief, yes."
Steve hopped back on the bike and followed Bucky round to the car park, where they chose spaces a little further away so that they could park next to each other (because they're both total saps).
There was a huff of breath and a pause.
"It's a fine evening, isn't it?"
Job description.
"We lost. And I'm sorry." Steve said, trying to hide the uncertainty in his tone, "I broke a promise, and I hurt us. We both made mistakes but..." A shaky sigh exits Steve's mouth, and Tony feels the familiar ache to kiss away the pain for him.
“Hey Rhodey! We’re needed. Sorry folks, we’re gonna have to ditch our own party.”
"That's what I thought, boys." He smirked. "I know it's, perhaps, a bit unorthodox. But when anyone searches you up, all they'll ever find is glowing reviews and Instagram holiday snaps. So calm down, hm?"
"Sure! Welcome, Mr- uhh, Barnes, right? Yep. Gates unlocking."
The call connects, and there’s faint background noise from the ceremony. “Stark, why are we on your blackout line? You’re supposed to be at SHIELD.”
As night fell, he found himself drifting out to the balcony. Turns out clearing his mind can actually be useful, rather than just clogging it up with science. It was a blissful few minutes with just the midnight air and a bottle of red.
Up until that day, Tony's life had been like endurance racing- 24 Hours of LeMons, full-on with minimal rest and a complete disregard for the time of day. But then aliens showed up, shit went down and Tony was so exhausted that he could do nothing but stop.
“JARVIS, blackout mode. Absolutely nothing in or out, capiche?”
“Not a chance, Tony.” He said, at the same time as Tony said “Um, his name is Agent.”
That was 47 days ago. Now, whenever he thinks of the midnight balcony, all he sees is the shattered remains of the crystalline glass 40 floors below- and the shattered remains of his trust in love.
Bucky rolled his eyes and took his folder, opening it up. Steve did the same.
All it took was an old photograph, tucked behind the others on the shelf in the common room. Natasha had been describing, in great detail, an old mission with Clint, when she asked Tony to get the photo in the red frame, far left. He got up and moved to the shelf, allowing himself a small smile at the memories, and- what?
“What the fuck is wrong with you?!”
Tony choked on his martini and tried not to show the pain that shot through him. “Right, yeah. I’ll get Rhodey, we’ll be at SHIELD as soon as.”
"But." Steve spoke more surely now, "I made the bigger one. That mistake was leaving you behind. I love you, Tony, and I have completely failed at expressing that in a meaningful way."
“What makes you think he’ll listen to you? Pierce is practically his second eye.” Romanoff is glaring at him through the rear mirror.
"Your best pal and an awesome guy? Yeah, I knew that already."
"I'm sorry if I offended you."
Sitting at his desk, his eyes linger on the phone Steve left him when he, well, left him. Ran off with his childhood friend because he never truly loved-
The whole table turned to stare at him, half of them gawking and the other half attempting to mask what the first half couldn’t.
"I decided not to mope? I did socialisation with the team and everything."
Tony jumped, not expecting the company, although he probably should've been. He turned his head, shooting his teammate a scathing glare.
The call cuts out, and everyone in the car is looking at him like he’s grown a second head. Tony sighs, figuring he’ll have to explain himself. “My father and Fury’s father were… allies is probably the most accurate. We’ve known each other since long before he was president, before I was Iron Man even. We have our differences, but we see eye-to-eye-to-eyepatch on more things than you’d imagine. And he owes me anyway, but that’s a whole other story.”
"Uh, yep! Definitely. That's what we're doing. Right now. And that's what we're talking about. Yep." Darcy dug herself further into a hole with every word, and Clint didn't even have the decency to look embarrassed by the conversation.
Bucky followed behind him, and Steve listened to the harsh footsteps as they trailed him at close proximity. He can hear the way that Bucky syncs his footsteps with Steve's; one of the brunette's older habits.
"Damn shame- I mean, sure. Cool- uh- leave your stuff in the reception, you can come and get it after the tour." She just about managed to string the sentence together, and seemed to be slightly proud that she managed it. The two men obliged, tucking their cases by Darcy's desk, and proceeded to follow Clint and Darcy in through the large glass doors that separated the reception from a large entrance hall.
"Look at me!" Steve gestured wildly at his general being. "I'm the most white male American there is! Old people love me, and you
"I will be overseeing the security planning and implementation
"What's it say??" Rhodey pulled his screen close to his face, suddenly interested in the conversation. Tony nervously opened the message.
"Do you want to get on the bed now, Steve? You'll feel better there. That way I can see you, make sure you're okay.''
"Oh my God,” Steve’s laughter died down, and he held out his hand to Tony, who was still sprawled out on the floor, “I could use some fresh air."
"What, assemble the team? Yes."
"You're a lost cause." Rhodey threw an arm around his friend and led them down. "Don't bother me with this shit again until he actually makes out with you."
"Yes." Steve reached up and pushed Tony's hair out of his face, settling his hand on the back of his head, just now realizing how much he meant it. Here he was, happier than he ever thought possible, with this man who's very touch grounded him, made him feel at home in a world he thought was no longer for him. "I love you, with all my heart." He simply stated. Someday, he would tell Tony about every way he was loved, every reason, and he would have the rest of their lives to do so.
When Pepper turned back around to keep talking to the other board members, Tony started texting back furiously.
"No." He quietly confessed, almost at the verge of tears. Steve couldn't bear to see him like this.
“I don’t know if we were
After they ate, Steve opened his gifts, most of them small things to make his home life more special - a warm blanket, some house slippers, some candles. The team said it was so he wouldn't 'try to leave them' again. He just laughed - as if he would ever try to leave this wonderful new life he had. He started to pass out his own gifts to everyone, when Tony got up and announced that it was time for him to head out.
"But, my bike!"
"Then make me one of those."
Steve was taken aback. This had happened to Tony too? Multiple times?
"What? No!" Steve responded, a little too loudly. He saw Natasha raise an eyebrow from the other side of the room and he waved her off, lowering his voice again. "No...Howard and I were ... good acquaintances. Colleagues. I mean, I guess if I were pressed, I could call him a work friend. But we certainly weren't very close, and I definitely didn't become your friend just because you're his son." Tony eyed him suspiciously.
“Tony?” He mumbled out, eyes heavy, voice still rough with sleep. He struggled to make out the figure of the man who was in his bed for some reason.
"Pep says I need to leave you alone now," Tony looked out the window, "But there's this pizza place on 2nd Ave that you've GOT to try and-"
“Tony-” Steve whispered.
“Seriously? You’re worried about what the crowd thinks right
"Yeah. I could." Tony sighed, "But they're saying that what I'm proposing is action against the good of the company, and they want to discuss it
It's not that he didn't like dancing. He loved it, in fact. But he never seemed to have a steady dance partner, and to be honest, he'd been hoping a certain someone would show up tonight, but it was an hour into the celebration, and there was no sight of him.
"Sorry!" Shit! What was Steve doing? "There was something right....there." Steve pulled his hand back quickly and took a sip of his drink. What was he thinking? This really wasn't like him. He wasn't normally so openly...affectionate. With anyone. He's not sure why, but with Tony - it's just so easy to reciprocate small touches like that.
Tony thought about it. He knew what this was about, and he wouldn't be able to run from it any longer. He really did like Steve. More than just a crush. But this was too much, too fast, and Steve was too straight. It would probably be better off for Steve to leave for a while, see the country, and leave Tony to work through his feelings and let them go. Tonight though, tonight he couldn't imagine himself looking Steve in the eyes and trying to explain himself.
“Oh, it was all Tony.” Steve beamed. “He was the one who kissed me first. He asked me to go steady, and he was the one who asked me to marry him. How was I supposed to say no? He’s so wonderful, and handsome, and smart and funny… really, he’s the best - I don’t know what he sees in me. I ask him all the time, and he just says it’s because I’m his Sunshine.”
nice to him.” Steve glared at Bucky.
"Alright. Goodnight Tony."
"Tony, it's 1 PM."
"It's not about the destination, Tony. I want to see the country and its people. That means getting to know everything
"Then I'll wait, I don't mind. You go ahead first, hun." Steve pulled him into a smooch.
"Look, if you guys can't come to Tajikistan it's fine. I'm a big boy. I can handle bad news."
“There’s my ride.” Tony turned. “Find Dr. Strange at 177A Bleecker Street. Tell him you want to know about the Infinity Stones, and he will get you back in touch with Thor. He needs your help soon. Oh, one more thing. You might want to wash those bedsheets before Tony finds them.” He winked. “Goodbye, Sunshine.”
He made Tony promise to get some rest before ending the call and starting his hike for the day. As the day progressed, he received a couple more calls, one from Nat and Clint, and one from Bruce, all wishing him a happy birthday. He even got a text from Fury that included a little cake emoji.
this morning to help me with the technical stuff. She got me all caught up. I think I'm ready for today, thanks to you two." He walked over and smiled down at the handsome man, hair disheveled, still in half a crumpled suit, socks riding down, his cheek red and imprinted with lines from the pillow he'd set under him. Yep. Definitely handsome.
"Good." Steve pulled him in close. "I don't wanna clean sheets tonight. I wanna sleep with my sugar daddy." He stuck his nose into Tony's neck and chuckled when Tony huffed, pretending to be annoyed, and tried to squirm away from his tight hold. "Love you, darling."
“Okay. But tell me if you need me to slow down.” Steve said. He added another squirt of lube for good measure, and began to push his way in. Tony tensed up for just a second before moaning at the feeling of Steve,
“Of course they will, Tony. They’re so grateful that you helped them come home. They know it wasn’t easy for you, they saw all the hard work you went through for them. Let them show you.” Steve decided right then that
Because of that, Steve hadn't had the heart to enjoy baseball since coming out of the ice.
"Just...wasn't expecting this." Steve couldn't believe it. His teammates - no - his
“No…” Tony replied. “But...I have it on good authority. Other-Tony isn’t anything like me.”
Jarvis took a long pause before answering again. "I'm sorry Captain. It seems Sir has some time sensitive projects that will require his attention all night. I can relay a message, if you'd prefer."
Steve looked at him, and after a second, laughed with him. "Sorry," he said between breaths, "It's just, it's a big deal. I'm proud of my team." Steve radiated with happiness.
This was his chance, the moment felt right, and natural, exactly like he wanted. It must've been the adrenaline from all the dancing, or the glow after being so close to Tony all night, but he felt so connected with the man, like everything tonight was intimate and theirs alone. It was now or never.
But that would never be good enough for Steve anymore. Being a good man wouldn’t be good enough to keep Tony in his life.
“You know they all love you too, right?” Steve gently reminded him. “They care about you. They aren’t the best at showing it, but you haven’t really been around since they came back. If you give them a chance, maybe you’ll see how much they missed you too. Clint was just kidding around yesterday.”
“Yeah, 8 hours, and it's come to an end. I’d better step through at the right time, otherwise I’ll be pulled in by force and I might fall on my ass on the other side.” He looked over and noticed the disheveled looking Steve, almost on the verge of tears. “Oh, Stevie.” Tony wrapped Steve in a big hug. “Baby, it’s okay. Soon you’ll have your Tony back. And I’m sure he loves you too. In his own way.”
That's it then! He had plenty of experience in recon and forming battle plans, he would just need to put those skills to use. He stood up, and was about to walk out when - ding! His washing machine slowed to a stop. That's right, got to finish this first. He moved everything to the dryer and sat back down. He could start in a couple hours, after all.
Tony shrugged. "Don't want you to lose interest in the things you love."
“I’m sure Morgan will love it.” Steve smiled back. Tony slipped his hands around him and they held each other close. Soon, they would have a little addition to their happy family.
"Wanna talk about it?" Steve nodded and took a moment to compose himself before speaking up again.
"Just try and breathe, Stevie. That's it. Big breaths. You're doing great, honey. Just think about baseball. Remember how many runs the Dodgers scored when you went to see em' last?"
"Well we can't exactly take the Wonder Twins from SHIELD, Fury will have my head."
As Sam’s mouth opened in shock, Bucky slammed a fist on the table and bellowed out a half-choke half-uncontrollable laugh. Sam turned and gave him an icy glare.
"H-WHAT?" Tony spun over in his chair, a huge grin on his face. "Hah!! So you
the crazy one." Tony smirked back, but followed Steve's lead and sat behind the soldier. They took off, Tony holding Steve's waist tight. Steve relished the contact, knowing it would be the last time in a while that someone would hold him. Tony must've been lost in thought, or distracted, or sleepy - because soon Steve felt a heavy weight on his back - Tony leaning on him - and a thumb sweeping slowly over his stomach. He wanted to place his hand over Tony's. Wanted to pull him closer, feel all of him. Wanted to pull off the road, get off the bike and hold Tony back, to tell him to stay, to spend one more night and fly back in the morning. Wanted to tell Tony to always hold him, even when they weren't racing down the road at 80 miles an hour, even when he wasn't consoling him, crying over lost time and desperation. But he didn't do any of that, because he didn't want the small but precious feeling to go away. He didn't want to break whatever spell was currently letting him have this perfect moment. So he just enjoyed it, until they reached the runway.
"Oh." Tony looked away. "Not important."
“Believe me, he’d rather know.” Tony smiled as he pulled Steve’s hands down. He gave Steve a sympathetic look, rubbing his arm with one hand, and placing the other on his chest - right over his heart. It grounded him, and brought Steve back from a near anxiety attack. He breathed, slowly, in and out, until he felt a little better. “That’s it. In and out, baby. There you go. Good job. Come on, you’ll feel better after I do some math.” Tony pulled him into the elevator and Steve let his shoulders relax as the man held on to him, continuing to provide some comfort. This Tony was a nice guy, at least.
Sorry, it's been a rough week (I'm sure you all relate), so a little slower than usual.
"Miss Everhart's pupil dilation does increase by 29% when faced with Mr. Rogers." Vision calculated. "I am not an expert at human interaction, but the data suggests that-"
awkward. He didn't even say anything after, I just up and left, like the moron I am."
"I know." Tony smiled as the elevator stopped on Steve's floor. Steve was about to step out when a hand grabbed his elbow, loosely, just for a second before letting go. "Uh. Thank you. For helping me today. For everything. You know. With the meeting and you know...just helping to keep me distracted in general. I tend to overthink things sometimes and get reckless. So just, thanks again." Tony cut his rambling short. Steve just stared back for a minute, taking in how nice it was that Tony was opening up to him like this.
"The Notebook, though? I've never seen you watch anything more romantic than Die Hard."
“-Can just learn to deal with it.” Pepper finished. “You need to stop assuming everyone hates you. They signed the New Hero Deal, they’re adults. They know what they got themselves into, and that means they have to work with you and Steve as their Commanding Officers, whether they like it or not.”
"It's nothing, Cap," Tony looked away, putting his hands in his pockets. "I...I might have said some stuff that I regret and I definitely shouldn't have said. For the record, I don't think you're stupid or anything. I just don't want you to be caught off guard is all."
obvious that he didn’t know what he was doing.
to say stuff like that. What if the others don’t like me?”
the one who worked for weeks on end with the man who hurt you in order to revise the legislation.
meant. He thought back to what Tony had said about going to a strip club.
"Smart man. Well, contrary to popular belief, even Captain America couldn't build Rome in a day. Why don't you take a load off and watch some motion pictures with me?" He moved over, making room on the couch and patted the cushion next to his.
“W-What?” He asked, his voice cracking.
All too quickly, they were descending on the park field. When the cargo doors opened, he could see the cheering crowd outside, the stage overlooking the Potomac. He wondered who’d set this all up. Probably Tony’s people. He should have helped.
"Hey Cap."
"Let's go!" Tony grabbed Steve by the arm and led them out the door. Steve wished Tony would never let go.
"Sure, soldier. If it helps to see it that way." He beamed. Steve lost himself in the music, in the flow, in the way Tony pushed him, pulled him, any way he wanted, commanding his every move. Tony laughed when the tempo sped up, turning and turning Steve. He had perfect equilibrium, thanks to the serum, but he still felt dizzy, bubbly, drunk, like he was a whole new person with Tony and he never wanted to look back. Tony clutched him by the waist after catching him in the middle of a twist at the end of a song, and Steve caught the distinctive flash of a camera from their left side. He froze, holding his breath.
.” He stubbornly muttered again through a full mouth.
Even though every single cell in his body was screaming at him to stay, he knew that he needed to leave, right now. It was almost physically painful to pull away, gently setting Tony down when he whined and tried to follow the body heat, pushing a pillow into his arms instead, and pulling the covers over him. Steve walked out into the hallway, quietly closing the door, not looking back, in fear that he might be tempted to climb back into bed.
"Sure thing." Tony walked over to the pantry on the other side of the kitchen wall, disappearing from sight. Steve took a sip of his coffee, trying to calm his nerves.
"Mmmph.." Tony threw a couch pillow over his face and groaned. Those stupid comic books. They lied. All they ever said about Captain America was that he was strong, and brave, and determined. They never said anything about his smile. About his laugh. About how sweet and sensitive he could be, how he could make you feel like the only other person in the world. The way
"What does that mean?"
“You could say, you got cockblocked by an errand photon.” Tony grimaced. “Sorry.”
“I know that.” Tony shuffled his feet. “But...what if they don’t like that we’re together now? What if they don’t approve of us?”
called himself his boyfriend earlier, hadn't he? Maybe he was just overreacting again?
“Captain Rogers? It seems that Mr. Stark is in his lab now, and has not set privacy mode on.” FRIDAY chimed up. Steve dropped a pair of pants in shock. He didn't think FRIDAY would
to make it right. I
about you. Please - just come home with us. I'll - I'll leave if you want me to. I’ll pack my things and go. Please just come home." Steve begged, not knowing what to do or say. Tony turned anyways, pushing the button to open the cargo doors. Steve could hear the crowd outside.
“From a mirror universe, actually.” Steve went on to explain how Other-Tony noticed the small differences in him, how they went down to Tony’s lab and how he saw him go back to his dimension, right in front of his eyes.  How Other-Tony called him nicknames, and how nice he was, even after realizing that he wasn't actually his husband.
"I thought you'd never ask."
He saw Tony and Nat staring back at him with blank faces. Tony was reaching over to Nat's tea with a spoonful of honey.
They all froze when there was a light knock at the door. They held their breath a second before a harder knock finally prompted Bucky to get up and go open the door. A bleary-eyed Tony started back at him.
"Yeah!" Steve replied, slightly too loudly. "I guess I'm just wondering where we're going."
Tony tossed and turned. He felt like an idiot for not seeing it before - how hard it was for Steve to lose his whole life, then be brought back just to be thrown into another warzone. I mean, he'd had what, a couple months tops to greive?
"Not yet." Steve breathed, his figure towering over the smaller man. Tony glanced up at him with big, questioning eyes. "Told you I'd get you back for that.” Steve said, his fierce gaze was piercing, making Tony shiver in suspense. The supersoldier leaned down, letting his mouth hover right over Tony's. Tony stretched his neck up, trying to take a kiss, but Steve pulled back just a bit, just enough to say what he needed to say.
of those options. At least they had an open bar.
"You may want to know, Captain, that lane splitting is technically legal in the state of California for motorcycles."
"I guess I can just ask Google then. Hey Jarvis?" Steve started to reach for his phone.
“Yes.” Steve replied. “I’d like that.”
“Uh, thanks. To you, too.” He awkwardly turned to Steve. “Say hi to your husband for me.”
“Fuck! I mean, coming!” He yelled out as he scrambled for it. The picture was still there, thank god. He quickly saved a copy - he never wanted to lose this photo - before standing back up and running to his front door, swinging it open a little too hard.
"I don't know what to say." Steve walked up to the gates, Tony quietly following. Security let him right through and he walked all the way to the field entrance, gingerly putting his hands on the railing and looking out to the floodlights and perfectly manicured field. "You did all this just so I could figure out who to root for?"
Surprisingly, that's where he was met with some resistance. Specifically from one billionaire, philanthropist engineer.
universe.” Tony explained, scooting a little further from Steve. “He’ll be back in a couple of hours. We can’t occupy the same universe at the same time, it would break the law of conservation of mass. So I switched us out for a bit while I gather some data.”
"Hm. Nothing exciting really." Tony started to clean his hands on a rag, then tried to straighten out his hair. "Just working with some new materials to make the next Ironman model a little less clunky, but the cooling system is giving me some problems. Not a lot of space in there, you know." He tapped on Ironman's chestplate. "So, what brings you down here? I've gotta tell ya, I've gotten into the habit of working without assistants, especially after Romanoff, but I'd make an exception for you."
"Hey Tony- whoa!" Steve turned and caught Tony by the elbows as he almost crashed into him.
." Tony poked Steve, who didn't even feel it through the jelly that was his arm. "I can't believe
"Don't get me wrong. He's like a brother to me." Pepper set her fork down. "He told me that you two had a rocky beginning. I know he can come off as irritating at first, so I don't blame you if you lost your cool at him." Steve looked down at his plate, ashamed of the reminder. "But I'm glad that you two are getting along now. From what you saw today, I'm sure you've gathered that a lot of people close to him tend to use him, or hurt him."
He remembered back to that photo Tony had sent of himself and the other Avengers. Steve hadn't tried to take a photo of himself yet, though he supposed he could just ask someone to do it for him. However, there was no one in sight right now, so he turned the phone around and attempted a few shots. They weren't coming out the way he wanted, when Jarvis chimed up.
"Mhm..." Tony's voice was so soft and nice. Steve wasn't really sure if Tony was asking him for something. But he wanted to keep hearing him talk.
to trust you Tony. But look at all the provisions you had to take out of the Accords. They were going to treat you guys like weapons. Like you weren't even people."
"Actually Captain, Sir arrived at his penthouse not long ago, and has forgotten to eat since this morning's activities, despite my repeated insistence. I believe another gentle reminder would be beneficial for everyone. You do have authority to enter the penthouse at your leisure."
"It's not that easy." Tony pushed his food away, and Steve took the tray, setting it on the nightstand. "They're greedy pigs, they won't listen to reason. Once the initial building costs are out of the way, it would just be maintenance! It's cheap and efficient. But they want to make money on it. There's no need, though. We make more than enough money from the rest of our tech sales, we don't need to become an electrical company on top of that. But they see dollar signs and that's it. That's why I'm going over all this." Tony waved around at all the holograms, books and papers. "I took all the law books I had from my library, I'm trying to find some legal loophole to give me the rights to do this without their approval. My attorneys have been useless, so I have to do it myself. But I don't think it's possible. And they vote on Tuesday. I just don't think this'll happen." He put his arms back down, defeated.
"Here's yours." Tony tapped Steve on the back. When Steve turned around, he almost fell over.
"Yeah, that sauce is amazing. Here, your turn again." Tony cut up a piece of chicken and lifted it to Steve's mouth. Steve closed his eyes and chewed thoughtfully, trying to hide just how much this was affecting him, hoping the darkness of the room would conceal his blush.
"Pepper invited me. She said something about a flying car." Steve scratched the back of his neck. "But I got stuck on a mission and couldn't get here till just now. I guess I missed it."
I know." Tony sighed. "But, they
"Come on, please?"
“Contractors?” Steve squealed. Was Tony building them a home in the penthouse? What on earth was going on?
"I know." Pepper sighed, "You should see them when he unveils a new Starkphone or security system though, anything they can sell. Then they all treat him like a savior, and can't sing his praises loud enough. They're fickle people, Steve, and only answer to him when he's their cash cow. But that's business. Today, you showed that you're willing to stand up for him, even when it gets tough." She reached out and placed a hand on Steve's. "I guess what I'm trying to say is - I hope you stick around for him. He needs more good people in his life, like you."
like that, and I’m okay with that, I promise.” Steve pleaded, “But I just want
"I really can't thank you enough Tony. And again, I'm so sorry for what happened on the helicarrier, it was out of line-"
Steve - was waiting for his beautiful husband to come home. They walked over to the metal frame, the machine was just starting to turn on in anticipation.
“Shut up and stay.” She ordered. She turned to give Tony and Steve a kiss on their foreheads. “Congratulations, you two. We're all very happy for you.” She smiled, and Tony was shocked. It was
Tony teased. "
only chopping vegetables. They finished the stir fry just as the rest of the team - all except Tony - got settled down at the table. If it was up to Steve, he'd want to wait until everyone got home, but you never know a superhero's schedule, so they all began without him.
They were so happy together, in fact, that he almost forgot about what brought them together in the first place.
“And the fact that he was crawling into your bed in the middle of the night didn’t give it away?” Bucky raised an eyebrow through some more chuckles.
“I was wrong.” Tony showed Steve something on his phone - a bunch of numbers and equations that meant nothing to him. “This
An interlude/flashback to Tony's visit to the Mirror World.
"Yeah." Tony said at the same time. Their eyes met and Steve saw a hint of sadness in Tony's face.
Was it weird to take a picture of your coffee? The last few weeks before arriving here, Steve had been eating pretty much exclusively at mom-and-pop diners in small towns. But he thought back to the restaurants in big cities. He could have sworn people had been taking photos of their food and drinks, so it couldn't be that odd right? He looked around him now, and sure enough, there were a group of teenagers all aiming their phones at their meals. Certain it was a normal thing to do, he snapped a photo and sent it to Tony.
kind of spring the Accords on them." Pepper reached over to place a coaster under Tony’s ice cream. "You already had all the details worked out with Ross before even talking to them. You know how they feel about him. And Steve - he was going through a lot, he'd just lost Peggy -"
"Is it going to happen a lot now?" Steve asked.
“I thought you said you guys were friends.” Tony gave him a look.
If only...ugh. Steve should be thrilled. He's been so lonely these past few weeks, and really, he did feel a lot better now that he was home, surrounded by loving, caring friends. But he still felt a little empty for some reason. After showering and changing, he threw himself back into his bed. The sun hadn't even set yet. He wondered what Tony was up to.
Surprisingly, Steve enjoyed the spa day. Really enjoyed it. It was so relaxing to be waited on, hand and foot, literally. And it felt really nice doing it next to Tony. They made lazy, casual conversation sometimes, and sometimes just sat next to each other in a steam room or during a foot rub, silent and tranquil. It felt like something a couple might do.
“No! You guys just don’t see my genius!” Clint declared before Nat shoved him into the recliner.
love you. We
"Congratulations, you two. I'm glad you finally figured it out." Natasha pulled Clint over and nudged him with her foot.
They were apparently going to stay on an entire floor of this hotel. Steve's shock must have been clear on his face, as Tony grinned at him, clearly amused.
“Something
"It'll work out." Steve picked up a few abandoned bags of popcorn and soda cans. "Those people, they're...well lets just say I wouldn't want to be in your position. But I think they'll listen to reason."
"So we just have to convince them otherwise."
"Goodnight, Stevie."
"Mm." Tony mumbled as the waiter thankfully interrupted the awkward vibes with plates of tacos and enchiladas. "Well don't fill up too much. You're getting a snack at our next stop."
“Yeah, that’s...kind of why I was down in the lab in the first place. I wanted to go back to the mirror universe to ask them how it all happened. How to get you to like me.”
He turned around and saw Tony looking very...Tony. He had on faded jeans, a band shirt under a sports jacket, some shoes that were working very hard not to look like platforms, and a dazzling smile behind his lightly tinted sunglasses.
Anyways, more coming soon! Everyone be safe 💗
“What I meant was, they came back.” Pepper pointed out.
"Oh. But you'll be back later, right?"
“Are you really gonna make me spell it out for you?” She let out a frustrated snort when he just gave her a blank stare. “He
"Thank you." He said. "I'm not lonely at all when you're with me." He put Tony back down, and Tony was blushing and looking at the floor.
"It's complicated."
"I apologise, Captain Rogers. It seems Mr. Stark would like to relay some more information to you as he makes his way downstairs." Jarvis said in a remorseful voice. Steve thought he might never get used to the AI, it was a little nerve wracking to suddenly hear a voice or see floating images around the tower without warning.
On his nightstand, he spotted the phone Tony had given him when they first moved in. Sitting up, he grabbed the phone, looking it over. He'd only used it a few times, when Fury would call him. He would take it to SHIELD meetings, but otherwise it mostly stayed on the nightstand, connected to its charger.
“Can you tell her I’m on my way, Fri?” Tony whimpered into his HUD. FRIDAY wouldn’t tell anyone if he shed a tear or two in the privacy of his own suit.
"C'mon! I thought you liked these science schools!"
on keeping me company, you might as well help me with a few more tests I need to run in the lab.” Tony gathered his things.
He looked up and Tony was staring right back, eyes half lidded, pupils big and dark, one hand still in Steve's hair, the other reached down and caressed his cheek. Steve leaned into the touch, and felt such a strong connection, loyalty, a bond like he'd never felt before. They didn't move, both unable to look away. Tony was the one who broke the silence.
"Thank you, Mister Rogers. Next up, we have Mrs. Emily Dickinson - Board Member."
The sunset, reflecting in his gorgeous, deep eyes. They were usually brown, and warm, but right now, the light from the horizon made them glow a stunning golden hue. The color of the wedding ring Other-Tony had worn. He suddenly remembered his counterpart’s nickname - Sunshine. It’s funny - the name was much more appropriate for Tony. His eyes were like fireballs, bright and beautiful, beckoning him, luring him in, and he didn’t care if he got burned.
"My BFF?" Steve asked.
Steve stood there, watching him go, swinging his tight tush around the corner. Wow. He really did need to go clear his head.
If Tony reacted this badly to finding out about Steve’s escapade - there was no way he was still interested in him. He’d probably never been interested in the first place. Other-Tony must’ve had different tastes in men. Or maybe Other-Steve was a completely different person - someone charming, and honest and loyal, completely unlike him. It was obvious that he was holding out hope for something that was impossible.
Steve, unbeknownst to Tony, was stroking over the words of his poem, having copied it out as soon as he received it. "What is lost, as you said yourself, can be rediscovered. What love we had can make it, Tony." He paused, before adding;
STRIKE Team Delta is absolutely Tony’s favourite, hands down. It’s as if Phil Coulson had taken the two most difficult recruits in SHIELD, thrown them in a blender then jumped in behind them. Natasha Romanoff and Clint Barton, otherwise known as Black Widow and Hawkeye, are an unstoppable duo with excellent banter. She never loses a fight (unless she wants to), he never misses a shot and Coulson writes paperwork the length of War and Peace. It works well, and Tony always agrees to any mission with Delta.
“You disrespectful little shit!”
"Tony." Steve's serious tone shuts him up immediately. "You move so fast and you burn so brightly. Almost everything you do is on a whim so meticulous that it looks like it was planned a decade ago."
He watched his best friend fighting a smile, forcing his face to stay neutral whilst he received the medal. When it came to Tony’s turn, he plastered a cocky smirk on his face, as if to say
“The only female science bro-“
“Huh.” He says eloquently, “Um. Interest, yes. Oh fuck it, hey Steve, can I be your boyfriend despite my current emotional instability? ‘Cause I really want to kiss you.”
He wasn't sure if that was the right word, he sure hoped it wasn't, but there wasn't really any evidence of students.
"I love y- you too," Tony said, voice small and stuttering slightly. All his residual anger was fading hearing from the man he loved speak to him again. "We really lost, Steve. Can we really continue the story of us? When all I have left is the ashes of what we were?"
Darcy stepped forward, broadcasting perplexed happiness in every single mannerism. "Wait wait wait, you guys know each other? That's so cool!"
He didn't sleep that night- instead, he sulked out on the balcony until the sun started to rise.
Tony sighs. God, he really is a dick sometimes. "Sorry, J."
The four of them headed down the corridor, but they bypassed Coulson’s office and headed straight for the lift. Barton opened his mouth to say something, but his handler abruptly covered his mouth and shook his head. The lift took them down to the car park, where they headed for the personal carpark instead of the SHIELD carpool. Coulson pulled out some keys, unlocked the doors and gestured for everyone to get in. Tony went to do so, but noticed that one of his cars was still in the lot from the last time he drove to SHIELD then flew back home again.
Obviously she realised that.
"My thoughts exactly! But, alas, we're not here to investigate the whole institution, or not at first glance. Who knows what could transpire? But no, I want you to focus on one specific target. Turn the page, boys."
He's always loved motorbikes. The freedom that comes with them, the way you become one with the machine and road. Feeling the harsh wind against his body, pushing aside all his anxieties and worries, feeling them blow far away. Steve sometimes imagines them lying on the roadside, left behind and unimportant. Unfortunately, the busy streets of Queens are miles away from the ethereality of dusty highways at twilight. Snapping himself out of it, Steve focuses on Bucky's Audi in front of him, making sure he stays close enough that nobody tries to push in between them.
He took one look at his wasted mentor and pulled out his phone, frantically typing something.
"Director Fury." Steve was clearly unimpressed, and his raised eyebrow had even Tony feeling like a scolded child.
"Sounds real niche, Hammer. What kinda irrelevant majority fits in that gap?" Bucky questioned.
"Where is everyone? A school gotta have students." Bucky chimed in, seemingly reading Steve's mind.
"Well Barnes, is that any way to greet your employer?" He prompted.
Unfortunately, the list of not yelling ended there.
Steve briefly looked surprised, before quickly schooling his expression to thoughtful. He hadn't expected anything close to understanding from his arrogant teammate. "I- yeah. It's like waking from a fever dream and realising it bled into reality."
“Right, so what if we made a… shell? A suit of armour almost, but with all the capabilities of our best fighter bots? Repulsors and flight and everything, but with a human mind inside to maximise effect. They’d be expensive, difficult and downright ostentatious, but if that doesn’t describe me then I don’t have a damn clue what does.”
"Ah, that's why you're here Barnes! You and Rogers are the very best covert ops this agency has, and I need you to find out what he's up to."
“Maria Hill.”
SHIELD was located just outside of Queens, a stone's throw away from a neighborhood called Little Neck. The building itself was sleek and modern, coming across more like one of the CIA's training facilities than a boarding school. It's surrounded by large grounds, they stretch far and look pleasant, but there's a tall wall bordering the area. There's one gate, seemingly automated, that's the only way in and out of the grounds.
The night after the Battle of New York was the first of many under the stars. He sat out on the balcony, windows blown out behind him, a glass of brandy on the ground next to him.
"Hm? What is?"
The meme was a yellow dog in a room on fire, sat at a table with a mug. There was a speech bubble saying 'This is fine.'
"No, I haven't."
Tony sat on the floor, taking a long swig from the wine bottle. Maybe he was being immature, but he was sick to death of being unappreciated. Tired of board members taking credit for ideas. Hated how Howard used to take anything smart Tony said and made it his own concept. And now, all his resources went entirely unappreciated.
"You're also nervous, and a little happy. Your head has always been a busy place, Tones." Steve's brow is furrowed, undoubtedly trying to work out the story in the depths of his friend's eyes.
It was short and fairly unemotional, but the last line has slightly haunted Tony ever since:
That thought was very far from his mind a week later, when the two men were embroiled in a rather violent argument.
“JARVIS! You’re a genius. Y’know, cause I made you. Throw it back in their face and call it the Iron Man project.”
Now Steve was genuinely surprised, and you could almost see the shock dancing in his eyes as he took in the open honesty. "You should. It's- uh, not like it was your couple thing. Unless it is now, because that's fine."
“Then go and do your job, Stark. Have I just decorated you for nothing?”
Steve, completely ignoring the comment, speaks again. "Have you been out on the balcony recently, Tony?"
Before Steve could utter a single protest, Tony is already in the elevator and heading for the lab.
Ten years ago, SHIELD created five STRIKE teams: Alpha, Beta, Gamma, Delta and Epsilon. Tony has worked with all five teams on many occasions, for whenever the agency had to borrow a heavy-hitter.
Steve sits down on the couch next to Tony, sensing that something important is about to be said.
“Tony I like your idea, but the best fighter bots are powered by your father’s arc reactor. They take up the entirety of the inside of the bot.” Rhodey sighs wistfully.
Wondering if he would regret this, he quickly added a short line at the bottom:
“We are- well, we were. I made some executive decisions. Director sent me and Delta out on a mission.”
"But maybe it wasn't romance. Maybe it was passion and obsession and a desperate need for stability."
"Tony Stark." Steve said. "Male, 43, chemistry teacher."
"Yes." Bucky said, defeated.
That same bleak night Pepper packed up and left, jetting off to run the business in Malibu, leaving Tony alone in the expanse of the penthouse. Only when she'd gone did Tony realise just how desolate the cold, sleek space was. He'd grown used to the gentle feminine touches, but they had all been hastily grabbed and thrown into the hangar of the jet. It was almost like she'd never walked through his door, never walked into his heart.
idiot.
With Steve back, he doesn't feel quite so alone. The ever-present feeling of blank isolation subsides, leaving him with the quiet knowledge that he has friends in his teammates, and even more with Cap.
Steve's eyes widened, and even Bucky shifted a little at the threat.
. Inside, he was cringing away from the whole situation.
“Therefore,” President Fury continued unaware of Tony’s inattention, “we are holding this event to celebrate the completion of the one-thousandth mission.” Tony’s eyes shot up, wide and shocked behind the lenses. “In 2440, Mr Stark created the first Iron Man suit. In 2442, Lieutenant Colonel Rhodes convinced him to work with the United Empire military, and he agreed to do so on the basis that Rhodes worked with him. This led to the creation of War Machine. Together, these men have fought for their country in dangerous, highly classified situations and we have a lot to thank them for.” A man walked up onstage, handing two boxes to the President, who paused for a second to take them.
"Bucky?" Clint grinned, "Stark's gonna give you about a million nicknames with that."
JARVIS, having compiled a list of everyone in the room, only flagged up two non-STRIKE bodies in the room: Head Scientist Bruce Banner (yay!) and Pierce’s right-hand man Thaddeus Ross (shit).
Steve seemingly decided that the best way to shut him up is to kiss him, pressing his lips firmly against Tony's.
These circumstances are what made losing Steve so jarring. Somehow, Tony had convinced himself that his boyfriend loved him and would never leave him behind, but... it turns out even Captain America was a bastard.
she’s dead?”
“C’mon J, don’t torture our favourite agent. Put the engine on, he can drive.” Tony grinned as the engine started and Coulson scowled but took it in his stride. As they pulled out of the car park, Tony activated the holographic screen and keyboard that only works for him. As they drove, he quickly glitched out all the security cameras as they drove past them, leaving the four of them entirely untraceable. SHIELD however, that was tougher.
After a month or so of quiet movie nights, long discussions and sparring, Tony found himself staring at the super soldier's biceps, because
All except one.
"Christ, don't remind me pal. That was some bullshit."
He sat down on the ground next to Tony, and the two sat in a semi-comfortable silence for a few minutes.
The silence was deafening. Pierce was trying to have a staring contest with Coulson, but the sunglasses over the agent’s eyes were preventing that. The Director sighed. “Specialists Barton and Romanoff, do you have an opinion?”
"I'm so done with bad end-"
“I’m no fool, Tony. I know interest when I see it. And… I know it when I feel it, too.”
Before he even realised it, Tony was speaking. “I’ll do it.”
“However,” Pierce spoke firmly, “this mission still needs doing; it’s a top priority. We need volunteers to take the place of Team Beta, and
There was Yinsen, a saviour before he even spoke a word to Tony. He knows he owes his life to the man, and that debt shall remain unfulfilled until the day he himself drops. Tony tries to believe that death was truly what his companion wanted.
, clearly offended. "Huntress? Dude, she uses a crossbow. As a weapon, crossbows are-"
"Hi- Hey. Steve. You good? Cause I'm good. One hundred and ten percent good, no, twenty." He starts rambling, not trusting himself to leave any silence.
"Sorry, JARVIS." Steve says, lightly admonishing himself for challenging Tony so blatantly.
, he barrelled on. “I need you to make it look like the four of us are in Coulson’s office as soon as possible. Like, now. And five minutes ago.”
From the moment he read that line, Tony knew what he had to do, and he was willing to fight a thousand soldiers to do it.
Coulson shifts in his seat, and turns to face him. “He always said there was only one other person who called him that.”
Without the luxury of read receipts, Tony went to bed troubled that night, silently begging the universe to give him a break for once in his life.
The universe, unsurprisingly, didn't reply.
He grabbed Coulson’s arm, and pointed at the sleek black Audi near the back of the lot, tapping a couple buttons on his highly customised top-of-the-range StarkWatch. The headlights flashed, signalling that it was unlocked. The man hesitated, before locking his own car back up again and heading quickly for the Audi.
He was informed that Bucky was going to be teaching also, but his subject was history. This also seemed well-judged, as Bucky had a lot of knowledge about the past. Stories about the roaring twenties, Russia and World War Two that Steve had been told over the years. He used to listen attentively, utterly enthralled, and on the odd occasion that Bucky has something new to tell, he still found himself hanging onto every word.
that she died out there.” Out of the corner of his eye, he noticed Romanoff’s nod, the sudden glimmer of hope in Barton’s eye, the way that Coulson stood up a little straighter than before, and he knew he had to be right.
Friendship is reading in a comfortable silence with Bruce, or learning to play video games with Clint (he is yet to win a single game of Mariokart against the archer).
"Okay first!" Darcy exclaimed, turning to face them and instantly gaining the attention of the agents. "We need to go to Fury's office. He's the head and like, the most important person to meet. Seeing as he's our employer and stuff. Yeah." She paused, possibly trying to collect herself after that jumbled statement. "Yeah. Um. After we meet Fury, we're gonna take you round the classes and stuff to meet the rest of the guys! And like, show you your classrooms and stuff. Then probably something else I'm currently forgetting. Cool?"
"Hey! You're not-"
Steve takes a moment to think about it, as the billionaire actually had a point. "Let's compromise. You can be second in command. I'll have it written up officially."
He was hers. And now he was nothing. But was he ever?
It's a little known fact that at fifteen, Tony Stark was a gifted poet. The combination of his genius mind and his complicated teenage emotions made him an able writer, collecting and polishing words like a machine he has to restore.
“This car’s now more secure than Fort fucking Knox. What’s happening, Coulson?” Tony questioned, tugging off his tie and chucking it into the footwell.
“Keep me updated, Anthony.”
“Don’t sound so sure.”
"Sure Tony, whatever you say. If you can prove that's a genuine condition, I'll consider changing my mind."
"So what's the plan, Cap? You gonna lay out a plan of attack to get into bed with me?" Tony grins, a smile which turns dazzling when Steve shakes his head fondly.
Without sparing anyone a second glance, he left the room swiftly and went back to his penthouse.
"I've seen that video, Tony. We're not supernovas, we're superheroes. And we're not going to burn out if I have anything to do with it."
Steve raises an eyebrow. "Are you done?" Tony looks away, slightly embarrassed at being called out. "Am I missing something, Tony? I was expecting to find you moping, or shut up in the lab with the suits."
Now, it's been about a week since Tony's outburst and despite increasingly concerned comments from JARVIS, he hasn't left the penthouse for even a second. All he sees is how he lost control and acted irrationally, how he made a fool of himself. All he hears is his father, and his cruel mantra: "Stark men are made of iron."
"Yes, sir."
Deciding that settled that, the four of them drove back to Stark Tower with a newfound friendly banter, interspersed with mission planning and Darcy’s confirmation that she’s fabricated their time in Coulson’s office, then cut the cameras in the time it would’ve taken them to leave. She hung up with a cheerful goodbye just as the car drove into the underground parking lot of the Tower.
The tower itself was a monument to the conceited nature of their boss. Hidden in plain sight, he played with two very different roles, switching between them like a moody child, (which also happens to be an apt definition for the man) and seemingly loving how he deceives the world.
Imma love you and leave you guys.
Shit, Steve thought, he forgot about that. He got caught up in the bike and the grandeur of the school and entirely skipped over the most blatant difficulty of arriving together with such obvious chemistry.
Tony fought to prevent the groan of displeasure at hearing Alexander Pierce’s voice yet again.
"The Arm!" Hammer cried. "How is it? That arm is my baby, I worked on it personally you know. Top of the range Hammer tech. You feelin' it?"
He dug into the food and downed the coffee, then launched himself into creating a suit of armour powered by the arc.
Barton chuckled, and held out a hand. “Call me Clint.”
“Excuse
"Wait, what?" Steve panics slightly, realising he may have just started something big.
Steve was about to continue reminding him, but the elevator chose that moment to arrive. They both stepped in, and hit the button for the top floor of the tower.
Tony saw Rhodey’s eyes light up with pleased surprise, and whilst he was happy for his friend, Tony wasn’t particularly keen on being decorated for his work. Nevertheless, he told himself he’d accept the award because Rhodey would want him to.
Unfortunately, the blonde couldn't think of any of the better ideas Bucky was referring to. Steve has always stood by his love for motorbikes, but occasionally they can be entirely inconvenient. Such as now, when he had a vintage leather suitcase full of vital possessions.
Fortunately, Bucky was way ahead of him.
The less said about Epsilon the better, honestly. Jasper Sitwell is trying too hard to be like Coulson.
There was a moment of awkward silence, before Steve chuckled dryly. "Apologies Justin, I think that was a terrible attempt at humour."
“J, they’re wearing earpieces right? Get me into their comm link.”
Steve shares an alarmed look with Bucky. "Sir, you don't know?"
"Just wanna do what's right." He replied stubbornly. "Name's Steve Rogers."
"The plan, if you are willing, is to to ask you on a date. Would you like to go out to dinner with me?" He tries hard not to blush, but feels the heat creeping into his cheeks nevertheless.
Clint's smile somehow got even wider, and he high-fived Darcy. "You guys are gonna fit in so well, it'll be like you've always been here. Oh, right, you should park up round the side of the building and grab your cases. Then you-"
"Yes, Tony?"
“Of course, Sir. Hello again Agent Coulson, Agent Romanoff and Agent Barton. It’s a pleasure to see you once more.” JARVIS flicked a red light on the dashboard to signify a complete shutdown of external communications. He also took the liberty of tinting all the windows, then mirroring them.
A siren wailed as the gate slowly slid open, and they drove up the long drive to what seemed like the main entrance. Waiting on the doorstep was a fairly short young woman with a woolen scarf and an older guy with a punk hairstyle and a cheeky grin. Neither of them particularly looked like teachers at an exclusive academy. Steve wasn't sure if this put him at ease or made him even warier than before.
"Frustratin'."
This seemed to appease the man, who stood up abruptly and headed for a filing cabinet at the other side of the room, muttering something about how he "designed it better than he would've".
It was 8am when a bright blue glow illuminated the room. He sat back, grinning manically at the miniaturized arc reactor for a while before dragging himself over to the bed in the corner of the workshop, where he promptly passed out and slept for fourteen hours. When he woke, it was to the smell of fresh coffee and bacon- Pepper had brought down some supplies for him (and left a bunch of papers to sign).
"You're on."
Pierce nodded and walked off, crowd parting for him. Tony truly rues the day Fury made Pierce the head of security for the Empire, the fucker just won’t leave him alone. With a silent prayer that SHIELD intel is incorrect for once, Tony parts the crowds himself to go and get his best friend, who was currently mingling with some generals and higher-ups of the military.
When Rhodey got up to leave, he placed one hand on Tony's shoulder and said "Don't break yourself over this."
“Whatever, whatever, I’m assuming you didn’t answer this highly encrypted call with JARVIS’ warnings in the room full of agents?” At Darcy’s affronted
Steve fumbled and dropped the shirt, allowing the memory to fade along with the naivety of his youth. Shaking his head in a fruitless attempt to return to reality, he bent down and picked up the shirt he dropped. He quickly finished the packing, forcing his mind away from the past.
"Don't worry, Captain Rogers. Someone would have provoked him eventually."
What he and Tony have is unlike anything he's really experienced before. It's almost a combination of the wide-eyed wonder of his relationship with Peggy and the easy comfort of… whatever he and Bucky were.
“Motherfucker,” The President hissed, “what do you need?”
“Oh come
“The second red flag was the mission itself. It was listed as medium-priority, risk level five out of ten. Should’ve been easy, especially with an experienced team like Beta. And yet, Pierce was saying this is a top-priority mission.” Coulson was driving them through backroads now and Tony was quite pleased to have less security cameras to deal with glitching out.
"Looking out on the city you should know like the back of your hand, and seeing a whole new world of inconceivable differences."
"They didn't really think this through," Steve complained, "how exactly do you put a suitcase on a bike?"
Tony heard the footsteps of his best friend fade, and wondered if he'd ever open up again. Ever trust again.
Bucky pulled up to the gate, rolling down his window to talk into the intercom.
“Yep! All good. The crowds and the company reminded me of old times, that’s all.” He grinned up at his best friend, who rolled his eyes and dragged him up off the bar stool.
Peter handed Tony the phone, saying "This is you, Mr Stark, seriously."
Pierce glared at him. “You asked me who died. I told you, Agent Hill is dead. You need to come in for debriefing.”
“Damned if I know. Pierce sent me as a side-piece to Delta to finish the mission she apparently died on and try to retrieve Hill’s body, but here’s the thing; he has no concrete evidence she died, and he was trying to stop us from being the ones to go.”
“Who killed Maria Hill?” Snarled Tony, sadness having quickly turned to anger. “And are you
When his parents died, he felt the violent roar of grief, simultaneously overwhelming his mind and numbing his emotions to the point where he was so changed that he couldn't do it anymore.
"What? You haven't? Man, where have you been? SHIELD is one of the most prestigious, well-known schools on the face of the earth. No?"
He startles out of his head at the sound of his name, spoken with a dash of worry and a large quantity of amusement. "Sorry Cap, you threw me there a bit." Tony blinks twice, dragging his thoughts back to the present.
“Make this an Iron Man mission. I’m with Team Delta currently in one of my cars, and Coulson doesn’t know it but he’s currently being autopiloted to Stark Tower.” He receives a glare from the man, and a resigned sigh before he took his hands of the wheel and sat back. “I need to do this with my technology, and I can’t have SHIELD involved if we’re going to figure out what he’s hiding. Tell Pierce I phoned you for a second opinion, or whatever, just make it happen so Agent Lewis can stop hacking Coulson’s office.”
“Pierce! Well, this is certainly surprising. Who died to make you come talk to me?” He grinned, paparazzi smile in full force.
"Not a chance." Tony scoffed, taking a particularly long drag.
“Tony, is that-“
“I think it’s a good idea.” Coulson said plainly, and the room quietened down immediately. “If this mission downed Mar- Hill, then it’s going to need some extra power. I volunteer Delta Squad to take this operation, and I am requesting that we’re joined by Iron Man.”
With the help of his assistant Pepper, Tony called a press conference in front of Stark Tower (which he had helped design at ten years old, it was the tallest building in the world). There were the usual swarms of camera drones and bots, but there was also a surprising amount of human reporters. Usually, they didn’t bother to attend these things.
Then, the man himself rounded the corner.
He built new bridges, he made loose threads into exquisite tapestries, and the team had never seen such an altruistic, kind-hearted Tony Stark. But he never before had felt so disconnected from the world. Pepper had been his rock, his anchor, his everything. And despite gaining such deep connections with the people around him, he still felt as though he was trapped behind a wall of crystalline glass, looking in.
Rhodey was smiling proudly like a good soldier should, sitting up straight in his uniform with all his medals on display. Tony however was not a military man- he was slumped down in his chair in an expensive suit, wearing the sunglasses that projected a hidden screen onto the lenses. He was watching Ghostbusters, because he’s always believed that films went downhill after 2100.
The lift decided that this conversation was over too, as they arrived at the floor and the doors pinged. Steve lead the way to the large glass doors, trailing his old case behind him. One good thing about being sent in as himself is having his own possessions with him; he doesn't have to miss the family photos, or the treasured possessions, or the necklace that he truly hates to take off.
"As you know, you're undercover as well, yourselves, to teach at SHIELD. Your exact mission details will be sent through once you're settled, but I can grace you both with some extra information now! You need to gain the trust of all the staff who work there, become part of the family. Beneath people like you and me I know, but needs must. Once you're accepted into their little team, you gotta start sneaking around after dark, you boys know the drill. Find out everything about Tony Stark. I'm counting on at least one of you to develop a close relationship with him, both for the usefulness and the satisfaction of breaking his pathetic little heart- anyway. Trust nobody, agents. Hammer out."
Happy threw two sets of keys at Steve, before turning to get the cases out of the car. Bucky grabbed the Audi keys with a grin.
"The School for Highly Intelligent and Exceptional Learners with Disconformity." Steve parroted, hoping he found the right thing.
He and Steve had started off rocky, but after their original testosterone-fuelled arguments, they calmed down and became tentative friends. This was considered a minor (major) miracle at the time, due to Tony's astute lack of giving a fuck about his social life. They developed an easy, amicable friendship built on hope and necessity.
He can still feel the rush of relief, the band-aid on his ageing heart when he believed he had Steve. The feeling of being wanted and trusted is burned so strongly onto his very being that he still dreams about it- even now. Standing in the ashes of the Avengers fever dream. Surveying the wreckage of his naivety.
"Yes what? I can get my gun, agent."
"You gonna talk about it, Tones?" He asked softly, without judgement.
Pierce nodded, and Team Delta started to walk out. Tony fist-bumped Rhodey on the way out, who chuckled and said goodbye through their private comm.
After a few minutes of small talk, President Fury stepped onstage, and everyone fell silent. Not so much out of respect- out of fear. In the war, Fury’s father was president, and he was the one who created the Empire. Thanks to him, his son was now in charge of almost the entire world. (The European Union, the UK and Russia managed to escape the Empire’s rule. Everyone else is now governed by President Fury.)
"Pepper didn't sit out there with me so often. Was beautiful when she did but… well, I guess it doesn't really matter now." Tony turns his eyes to the ground, begging himself to focus on anything except how beautiful those aqua eyes are. And how gorgeous those arms are. "Aw fuck." He mutters.
"What's he hiding?" Bucky asked immediately.
“She was out in the field with Thor and Loki, all three went dark for 48 hours. We recently heard from the brothers, but not from her. We have to assume-“
and that was a feeling he had only ever experienced with Bucky. Unfortunately, this was an assignment, and he was fully aware that he wasn't a teacher, he was a highly skilled agent and assassin.
Tony, despite his current pessimism, hates bad endings. His life seems to deal him those cards constantly and unrepentantly, ending everything painfully and pairing them with beginnings that were so beautiful he couldn't bear to ignore them.
Tony lost his train of thought whilst worrying about coffee spillages in his ventilation shaft. He shook his head and tried to remember what he was saying. "Anyway, almost all of Avengers funding comes from my bank account. Surely I get a say if I'm gonna throw my money at you. Right?"
“Apparently it can.” Rhodey grimaced, “Sorry, duty calls. We’ll continue this conversation later.”
Bucky's words jolted Steve out of his train of thought. "Oh, uh, yeah. Just got lost in my own head a little. Sorry."
They walked back round to the front, where Clint and Darcy were engaged in very animated conversation.
Romanoff clocked him lightly in the back of the head. “We’re going.” She said simply, as if there wasn’t any other option.
Tony paused for another breath, and Rhodes hummed thoughtfully. “I’m listening.”
Only now, Steve's back.
"you asked to read my poetry a couple of years ago. i didn't like that idea. you taught me that we don't always get what we want, or even what we thought we already had. -ts"
Steve's first thought was dedicated to the sheer scale of the building. It was very obvious how expensive this school was, if the large grounds and even larger presence hadn't already convinced you. It had a very industrial feel, seeming quite lifeless and- cold?
Rolling the window down, Bucky said "I should go in front, I got the address in the nav. You cool to tail me?"
"I'll prove it. JARVIS, start looking for some studies that vaguely resemble this. Steve, great chat, let me know when that date is my great warrior knight!"
Three weeks later, with a cigarette in his hand and a determined expression, he pulled out the burner phone and typed it all out into a text message. (It had been a while since he used an old-fashioned keypad, so that took longer than he would care to admit.)
President Fury huffs, before saying “Fine. I’m already putting the call through, I owe you Stark.”
. Every other time when the supersoldier chases after Tony and his reckless moves in battle. Had Tony somehow managed to entirely overlook the possibility that Steve… wanted him too?
Then he takes a deep breath, mustering up some semblance of courage from within. "Steve?"
"Oh, you guys?" Steve said, "For the record, I don't swing that way. Sorry to disappoint. Shall we?"
, surely you can call me Tony now? All of you?”
"No. That's all you're getting until you go on that date." Steve stated firmly, and Tony groaned.
Figuring it wasn’t a good idea to sit in a car in his armour, Tony tapped the reactor and let the suit slide back into its casing, leaving him in the Armani number he wore at the ceremony.
“Well, after your press conference I was tasked by Miss Potts to gauge the media response. Many major media outlets were quoting your father when he said “Stark men are made of iron”. Perhaps this could translate into a name?”
Tony thought, as he hugged Steve back. He had been trying to come to terms with this whole 'just friends' rule he'd set for himself, when Steve went and did something like this. He was promising Tony he'd be safe.
"Then come on! Food's awaiting!" Tony hooked his arm into Steve's elbow and started pulling him inside.
Clint is a dummy but he means well :)
Well, Steve certainly didn’t want that.
"Thor is excited to come back to help. He knows he would be great for carrying the heavy equipment. Bruce says he's fine with the flight, he has things he wanted to pick up from India anyways. He wants to do...science stuff that I didn't really understand, but he said it will be fun."
“I can’t believe you unpacked everything, that was quick.” Tony kept digging through clothes, ruffling past Steve’s underwear drawer unphased.
. Then he kissed me and...well, you know.” Steve blushed. “We didn’t realize until the morning after that he wasn’t you.”
for you, Tony. He questions you. He lets you be yourself, but still reigns you in when you need it. He isn't afraid of your superhero lifestyle. He
That was it. He didn't have any footage of any freak-out Steve surely must've had. But it was apparent that he called Pepper soon after. Maybe it wasn't so bad, then? Who was he kidding. Steve couldn't get out of there fast enough. He was obviously not interested. In fact, if anything, this proved how straight Steve was. Tony thought back to his conversation with Rhodey. Rhodey. Tony and him had fallen asleep next to each other after raging college parties plenty of times, and if they ever got too close, Rhodes would just push him off and go right back to sleep. Maybe Steve didn't like the touch?
"It's okay. I can..." Steve didn't get to finish his thought before Tony was sliding to the floor, pushing his chest down until he was laying on his back, Tony on top of him.
He took a deep breath and pulled himself together. With misty eyes he looked over at Tony and grinned wide.
The way Tony said it, insinuating that this wasn’t a one-time thing, the way he begged so sweetly, made something click inside Steve, and the last of his hesitation melted away. He lined himself up, and clutched Tony’s plush thighs before pushing in. He wanted to go slowly, but Tony kept tugging at his shirt, pulling him in more and more. Steve chuckled and pulled his shirt off, guiding Tony’s hands to his neck instead. Tony gladly let him, content to pull Steve by his hair instead. When Steve was finally all the way in, he stopped to catch his breath, but Tony had other plans.
"Yes?"
"T-thats great!" Shit. Steve was NOT ready for this. He held Tony by the waist and gingerly set him back down, he couldn't risk having Tony feel a hard-on from him right when he had gotten such wonderful news.
"Hey guys! Nat, are you joining us? We're watching the finale of Iron Chef today!" Steve walked in, oblivious to the tension in the room, and sat right next to Tony.
Steve grabbed Tony's thigh with one hand to keep himself steady as he fumbled with his belt with the other hand. He alternated between focusing on trying to pull on his zipper, and taking Tony's leaking cock back down his throat over and over, pushing closer again every time he pulled back a little too far between undoing his own pants. Finally, his dick sprung free, and he rubbed himself, his throaty moan vibrating through Tony.
"Mmm....Fine. Gimme the rest of the slice, meanie. Since you insist on tricking me into eating my veggies by making them taste good." He huffed as Steve beamed, and they all enjoyed the rest of their pizza from their first ever 'Boyfriend Cooking Competition.'
"I thought Bruce moved in last week?" She asked.
“What? Wait...you…” He looked down at Steve’s hands. “Where’s your ring? Where’s…” He looked back up at Steve’s face, examining him for a second before gasping and pressing something on his chest plate, quickly engulfing himself in an Ironman armor that Steve had never seen before. He lifted up one arm right to Steve’s face, the blaster making a high pitched whine, preparing to shoot.
"Nonsense. Let me return the favor, gorgeous." Tony kept one hand on Steve's chest so he would stay put while he made his way lower, kissing and licking Steve's chest, his nipples, abs, the curve of his hips. Steve was so sensitive right now, ready to burst any second.
“Hmmmm…” Tony almost slipped into sweet unconsciousness when Steve suddenly poked a finger behind his ear. Tony screamed, and almost fell over laughing.
"I apologize Captain Rogers." Jarvis responded, "Sir is working and has requested privacy at this time."
"Fine, ugh. How am I supposed to say no to that face." Tony pretended he was relenting, but secretly he was enjoying the attention. "But there better not be any singing 'happy birthday' at restaurants or I'll tie you up and throw you in the back of my jet to New York, and your little adventure will be over." Steve smiled, he wouldn't mind that one bit, he thought. But he agreed and they settled back down, both leaning on each other under the blanket as they watched TV for a while. When Steve started to nod off, Tony tapped his shoulder and helped him get up. Tony threw the blanket over himself like a cape, and they walked to their respective bedrooms. Steve's door was closer, and Tony stopped him before he was able to walk in.
“What are you talking about?” Not-Tony raised an eyebrow at him. The wrong eyebrow.
“But I didn’t.” Tony cut in. He took a deep breath, clearly trying to keep himself composed. “I did the math right. It’s not my fault. I knew it would work - I just didn’t account for a small change in direction in recent history. FRIDAY, where’s that simulation I asked for?”
"I can put on a shirt if you want," Tony looked down at his chest, covering up the reactor with one hand. Shit, Steve must've been staring. "I know it's gross."
“It’s...it’s not that.” Steve finally found his voice, though it croaked out of him. “The other Tony said it was...something about photons. Light.” He weakly offered. Tony looked up from his notes and gave him a once-over that made him feel naked and exposed.
The line disconnected. Steve wondered if he'd said something wrong, but decided he'd probably just praised Tony a bit too much and flustered him. He just couldn't help but say all that stuff, though. He really meant it, and wanted Tony to know how special he was to him. Putting his phone away, he looked up at the radiant blue sky. Today was a better day. He turned his bike around and headed back to the small town, he'd need to grab some lunch before heading out.
“Hm?” Tony hummed, taking in the view.
Steve shivered in nervous excitement. His nipples were rock hard, and somewhere off in the distance, he was aware of his swollen cock being pushed up into his abs by Tony's perfect, soft stomach. The pain receded and Tony let go of his hair, now lightly caressing it again while he slipped another finger in, this one sliding in easier than the first. Tony must've known it was coming, because he braced himself right before curving his fingers up, rubbing against Steve's prostate, making him yelp, almost jumping up in pleasure.
“Yes?” Steve answered, and watched as Tony pulled up some more articles on his phone. Something clicked inside him, and he looked back up.
“I’m sure.” Tony scanned his surroundings. “I think I woke up over here, by the generators.” He walked around mountains of scrap and mechanical parts until he finally reached a big, circular metal frame. It was hooked up to a large board of switches and screens, which were all running a long string of numbers. Steve watched as Tony read the screens, occasionally looking something up on Steve’s phone, and scribbling down some notes on a nearby notepad. The fact that apparently everything, even all the numbers, appeared backwards to him, didn't slow him down at all. He was in the zone, just like the Tony that Steve knew. There was no doubt that this man was - somehow - also Tony. Finally, after a while, Tony slumped into the office chair behind him, and let out a big sigh.
Steve shrugged, Clint liked to mess with everyone in the tower, so he didn't argue.
"Uh. Oh." He heard from the other side of the door. Then he heard some quiet, muffled arguing. If he didn't have his super senses heightened he may not have heard, but it was obvious to him that Tony was arguing with Jarvis about checking up on him. Maybe he shouldn't have come after all, maybe this was over the line- "Uh, yeah." Tony spoke back up, louder so that Steve could hear him. "Come on in. Door's open."
“The sunlight?” Tony perked up like an interested puppy.
a ballroom if it came down to it.
“Tony-”
"I do trust you, you know I do. But...yeah there might be times when I'm insecure, or scared. So just...I promise to do my best if you promise to hang in there with me." Tony leaned in.
"Sorry, Cap." Tony started to put on his shoes and sunglasses. "Work stuff, you know."
to tell me!" Steve smiled and told him all about his fondue mix-up. They shared stories of Peggy, Steve from his time and Tony from what he could remember growing up around her. It was nice to get a glimpse of Peggy's life after the war. To know she had moved on, and was happy in the end. Tony remembered her fondly, Steve could tell by the way he recounted afternoons playing Dominoes or reading with her when she would go babysit. Steve liked to think that Tony was such a feisty person now, thanks in part to Peggy's influence.
"It's not like he's in any danger, Tony." Bruce looked up from his corner, where he had been quietly reading until now. "He's Captain America. Plus, weren't you famous back in the 40's, Steve? I'm sure he's used to it."
Steve fixed his eyes firmly on his coffee cup. Was he really that obvious? He really needed to get it together. He's a grown man for goodness sake! Surely he could act normal for one minute around the most gorgeous man on Earth-
?” He asked, as clearly as he could manage.
"I have no idea what you're talking about Tony." Steve was still chuckling, "But you're right. Those SHIELD orientations were so slow, I thought I would die of old age before we got to the 2012 portion of it." He poked Tony in the shoulder. "So why don't you educate me."
As he settled in, his phone buzzed again and he looked down.
“Were you trying to open the door with your elbows again?” Steve took a few bags and helped them unpack the food on the kitchen table.
Steve walked alongside Tony without another word. He didn’t want to spook him, and at least for the moment - it seemed Tony was being amicable and coming home. That was enough for now - he could try to pull Tony aside later for a private apology, away from the rest of the team. He’d just have to get over this. Tony was obviously not interested, but was at least talking to him now. This was as good as it was going to get, and he should just be thankful for that much.
"It's no problem." Steve stood next to the man, watching lines and lines of code appear from his hands, like another language that worked in hyper speed; complicated but powerful. "I should be thanking you, for doing this for us. For the team. Actually I just came down to let you know that I talked with them. They're all clearing their schedules for September."
"In case!" Tony shot her a look. "In case...well what if he needs to find me and I'm down there? You know I'm down there all the time, Pep."
“W-what?” The back of his neck felt like it was on fire now. He tried to think of a respectful way to get out of this, but was coming up blank. “Uhh...the thing is...”
identical, but Tony was none of those things that Steve had just described. It’s no wonder this Steve was so in love - it sounded like this Other-Tony was the perfect guy. Maybe he
"I don't think that's how exposure therapy works." Rhodey sat up and and snapped his fingers in the air a few times, making sure Tony turned to look at him. "Why are you putting yourself through this? You know you're not going to get over him. You've been obsessed with the guy your whole life. You didn't exactly hide your Captain America comic book collection very well in our dorm room."
The word made Steve shiver from his neck to his toes, and he unwittingly rolled his hips up, his thick, heavy cock bouncing off his stomach at the movement. Tony’s eyes snapped back down, and he crawled lower, his attention returning to the task at hand. He was face to face with Steve’s crotch now, clasping him with one hand, giving him a long, tight tug, granting Steve some relief. He moaned, his hands reaching down on their own accord, running through Tony’s hair. Tony kissed the tip of his leaking cock, getting his lips nice and wet before running them down the side, all the way down to its base, then nuzzling down there for a moment. Steve was going crazy at the sensations, his release so close yet so far.
Anyways, happy new year to everyone out there who follows the Gregorian calendar! :) And thank you all so much for all the kind comments and kudos, they've really made the last few weeks of 2020 so much happier for me <3
was the only thought he had as his cock squirted between them. He felt Steve thrust erratically for a moment before his mouth pulled away, and he was gasping, pumping his hot spray into Tony too. Steve panted, arms shaky, and pulled out carefully, stroking Tony’s hips with his hand, comforting him even then. Once he was out, he trembled to one side until he collapsed next to Tony. They both stared up at the ceiling, catching their breath.
feels like!” Tony was screaming now. He didn’t even realize he was shaking and had tears running down his face. “Shit.” He wiped his cheeks, and tried to turn away, when Steve grabbed his hand.
"Of course it's for you, daredevil." Tony rubbed his eyes and squinted at the bright sunlight. "You know anyone else around here who likes to ride their bike at a hundred miles an hour with absolutely no protection?"
"I like the cute outfits you used to make for us, and keeping you company at those parties was such a delight. I can't wait for everyone to see us together."
“Dum-E!! No!” Tony yelled out, covering his face with his arms as Steve tried to get up. “Stop!” The robot had helpfully decided that they both needed to be sprayed with the fire extinguisher, after the fact. Steve finally scrambled up through the thick cloud enveloping them, and took the nozzle from the robot’s claws, patting it on its base.
"I think I've got it. Thank you for picking me up, and taking care of me. I'll see you tomorrow?" That wasn't too much to ask, was it?
He let himself be manhandled as Steve spread his legs open and kissed his way down slowly, whispering sweet things to every inch of his body. Tony sighed, he closed his eyes and relaxed, head falling back, waiting for Steve's warm, soft lips on his dick.
“Good luck over there, handsome.”
He'd only just arrived to New Orleans yesterday, falling in love with the city right away. It wasn't his usual scene, but everyone was so friendly and willing to talk to him. The streets featured parades, colorful flags and fun, albeit drunk, party-goers. Deciding to spend the weekend here, he finished his breakfast and left the crowded cafe to head out to the docks nearby to see if anyone was willing to chat with him this morning. He wanted to find a jazz club in town. He'd never actually been to one, but remembered swing was popular before the war.
“Sunday, October 9th, 2016, sir.”
you wish
"Just gonna clean up my station, I'll head up in a few." Tony stood and started making his way back to his work table. "You go on to bed, sleepyhead."
"Say no more." Clint, wisely, ran off as quickly as he could.
They parted ways. Steve was exhausted, when his head hit the pillow, he was out like a light. He dreamed of beautiful dark eyes and a laugh that sounded like a song.
Tony might've had some ulterior motives for this peace offering. It had only been a couple hours since he'd flown that nuke into space, and he was still coming to terms with the existence of aliens, weapons beyond anything even his dad had ever thought of, and the destruction of a few blocks of New York City. If he felt slightly safer with a group of superheroes nearby, then that was no one's business but his own.
"I agree." Natasha. Sweet, beautiful, frightening Natasha was backing him up. "This way, SHIELD and Thor know exactly where to find us if we're needed."
Tony.
"Maybe." Tony slumped on the countertop, watching Steve place the last of the dirty bowls into the dishwasher.
"Yeah, well none of this changes the fact that he lied to me. About my parents, and Bucky."
said she’d like to meet with Steve in the past.” Wanda piped in. Everyone looked over, it wasn’t usual to hear her chime in on gossip like this. “I just think she really likes you, is all.”
Steve almost jumped a foot in the air. He turned around to investigate where that other voice came from, and saw a disheveled looking Clint laid out on the floor behind the couch, covered in pillows, blankets and a lot of empty water bottles that Natasha probably made him drink.
No time to ponder that, he needed to get back to it. Tony started scanning his notes for anomalies again. Steve continued to watch as Tony tried to focus on the numbers. But it was hard to do with this Steve so close, completely in his personal space. When he rested his chin on Tony’s shoulder, he slammed the notebook shut and looked over at him.
He'd spent hours that day trying to think of ways to just come out and say it. 'Hey so, by the way, I like men too.' - 'Tony, I need you to know, I can't get you out of my head.' - 'Would it be okay if dinner tonight turned into a date?' No. Nothing sounded natural. He couldn't even get the flirting down right. He would overthink it. He was a strategist, he couldn't help but to try to attack the task from every angle, and try to predict every outcome. And in the end, every outcome led to the same conclusion: Steve finding one way or another to make a fool of himself.
Before he could process it all, the kiss was over. Steve sat back, smiling shyly at him. Tony touched his fingers up to his lips, and looked at him in confusion.
"What if he doesn't like me back?" Steve stared up at the ceiling, not wanting to meet Natasha's piercing stare. "If we had to just be friends, I think I could live with that. But if things were to get weird between us, or if I scare him off and then he wants nothing to do with me...I can't lose him like that. I need him in my life. Isn't there just some way to let him know I like men and I'm interested? That way he could make up his own mind if he wants to reciprocate - like some code? In the war, we used to put a baby blue handkerchief in our back pocket, or say we're 'a friend of Dorothy's' as a signal. Something like that?"
"I just felt so lonely that day. Don't know what's wrong with me."
He threw his phone in his bag, grabbed the lotion bottle from the bathroom, and pulled his boxers down just enough to let his dick spring free.
universe, who is married to
“It would’ve blown up in your face anyways.” Tony mumbled.
“We finally met again face to face just about a month ago. Ross was removed from involvement due to conflict of interests - too many super-powered people objected to his leadership. Everyone would only agree to sign the amended Accords if Tony and I were co-leaders. It was...scary.” Steve’s heart skipped a beat just thinking about it. “I thought Tony would hate me forever after I hurt him so bad. And maybe he still does. But he looked me right in the eye, in front of everyone, and welcomed me back. He shook my hand. It felt like I was shaking hands with a robot. We did talk after, though Rhodes and Bucky were in the room. Tony said he forgave me, but...” Steve sighed. “Things aren't the same anymore. He hasn't spoken much to me since. I try to reach out but, it doesn't really feel like he's forgiven me yet.”
see Tony today. The thought of that made him queasy - he took a seat next to Bucky before speaking up again, trying his best to sound like a Captain that wasn’t on the brink of hysterics.
Steve was overjoyed that Tony had taken the time to get to know him well enough to give him such a fun day together. He couldn't remember the last time he'd smiled so much - his face hurt from all the laughing he'd been doing all day. They stopped by a sushi restaurant, but didn't stay - instead they carried lots of boxes of takeout to the car and made their way to the hotel. Tony had suggested they eat in, after such an eventful day. Steve agreed, it would be nice to relax out of the scorching California sun. Soon they were at the hotel lobby, picking up their hotel keys - or rather, key.
By the time he made it back downstairs, everyone in the tower was already sitting around the TV, snacking on pizza and waiting for him.
7-14-12
"I'm not the one who got so drunk that he tried to drive the floating car." Steve joked.
just gone up against the government with the biggest firepower in the world. Scrubbed their dark histories clean. Gave them a home.
Keeping these thoughts to himself wasn't helping anybody. If Tony was here, brave enough to open up to Steve, then he needed to do the same.
"Yeah. Forgot to tell you. Hawkass didn't want to go to bed last night, he wanted to build a pillow fort and refused to let me take him to his room." Natasha rolled her eyes. Steve grabbed his untouched coffee and reached down, handing it to the sleepy Clint, who took it and hummed happily after taking a long sip.
do anything. I was just going to pay some people to go do the work. I mean, SHIELD has more than enough lackeys to set up a security system for the right price, and I'm sure a construction team would be easy to scrape up on that side of the world....maybe. I mean, I would pay someone to figure that out. And hire some lawyers and engineers to make sure it's all done correctly. And probably pay someone I trust to supervise. It's just in writing, Cap. I wouldn't force you guys to actually take time away just for this."
"Yep. Good." He shot her a glare, but she innocently smiled back. He didn't elaborate, he hadn't been able to really talk to Tony yet, and so he didn't want to assume anything about where they stood.
After a second, he felt Tony relax into him, even move a little closer, resting his chin next to Steve's neck, and heard a tiny whisper.
. No one had touched him like that, or at all really, in god knows how long.
“Fuck!” Steve hissed as Tony squeezed around his dick, bringing his thoughts back to the present. The smaller man was whining now, squealing out an incoherent
"And you're okay with this?" Steve asked Thor, thinking back to his days of being poked and prodded in labs.
“Great, so
Unfortunately, that's right when their fun had to come to an end. They both turned to Tony's watch when it beeped.
"Pull up security footage of last night, my bedroom, after I fell asleep." Tony didn't keep any cameras in any of the Avenger's apartments or common living areas. His penthouse was a different story. Every inch of that space was monitored, bathroom recordings available in an emergency...or with two consenting voice verifications. Trembling with nervous energy, he watched himself on the screen as he turned away from Steve after flicking the hologram over, falling asleep almost immediately. Steve tried to read through the last article, his eyes drooping shut every few seconds. After just a couple of minutes, he slumped down and closed his eyes, hands over his stomach, likely wanting to take a break. Treacherously, Jarvis picked that moment to dim the bedroom lights, and turn off all the holograms around them.
Steve stared at his phone screen for a long time. Tony was probably back to the party, so it was unfair of Steve to expect for him to respond right away, if at all. He held up the photo and looked at it until the screen dimmed, then turned off entirely. Maybe it was a mistake to leave? He was still fairly new to this century, was he losing the first real friends he'd made here? His thoughts started to spiral, maybe he should go back. Maybe it wasn't too late.
“Wow.” Was all Steve could say to that. Who could imagine that something so seemingly insignificant could have such drastic consequences?
Sam and Bucky looked at him expectantly. When no one said a word, Steve groaned and buried his face in his hands. He was going to have to recount this whole story, which was a lot harder than he thought it would be.
you for anything. I know you don’t want
"I don't think I'll be doing any heavy lifting, but I could definitely help with the integration to the old power structure, and converting the reactor output to usable wattage. I could probably translate if needed too, Tajik is pretty close to Farsi, I could learn it by then. It would be fun." Bruce said as he inspected one of Thor's hairs through a microscope. Steve chuckled at Bruce's idea of 'fun', but if he was enthusiastic about helping, then all the better.
with Other-Tony if he didn’t feel
need you here.”
"You sap." Tony teased, but he closed his eyes anyways and blew out the candle. Steve had turned back around to finish plating his own breakfast, but Tony couldn't wait any longer and took a big mouthful. "Mmmmmmmmm....good God Rogers. If I'd known you were good in the kitchen, I would've have taken you on a man-date much sooner." A spatula dropped, making a loud clanging sound.
"Jarvis says there's water here next to the phone. Wanna drink some for me, honey?"
Last night, he'd had the foresight to set an alarm for this morning so he wouldn't sleep in again and miss his checkout. He was still a little tired though, seeing how he stayed up for hours talking to Tony. They chatted about all the things Steve should watch and listen to when he got back to the tower. Tony even made Steve a playlist of his favorite music through the ages while they were on the phone, and had Jarvis set it up to play while he drove to San Francisco today.
"Huh." Tony got a little uncomfortable. "Mm. 'Kay. Uh, Jarvis'll let you know where to meet me Saturday morning. So just...call if you need anything, 'Kay? Okay. See ya then, Cap."
Just fluffy stuff now :)
Or maybe the limbic cortex in his brain was fried and permanently dysfunctional from seeing Steve in those practically painted on, absolutely delicious looking pants. Tony had tried to keep his eyes to himself, but that ass was just screaming to be worshiped. He normally detested department stores, but decided right then that he'd buy out all the JCPenney's in the state if it meant Steve would wear
"Shhh. It's okay, Stevie, it's okay. You don't have to say anything."
After eating and talking with the stadium employee, who happened to be a security guard off duty, they were led to the trophy gallery. The worker opened the door for them and let them look around for a while.
Steve shrugged. "Guess it was raining too much for them to keep going." They both looked out the window. Sure, it was raining, but it wasn't exactly a storm or anything. "Foreman said the rest of the day was shot, and to come back tomorrow."
"Oh. Sorry." He flexed his hands a few times before finding the rail behind him and gripping it tight, knuckles turning white under the pressure.
“Maybe.” Tony grumbled.
Tony presented himself so lewdly, wiggling his ass in the air, looking back at Steve in the most mischievous way, without an ounce of shame, and it worked - Steve pounced back on him. He slid back in, all the way to the hilt easily, cooling spunk oozing out around him.
him. Oh God, how he wanted him. But he had work to do. He had a point to prove, had to show Fury he meant business, had to find out what SHIELD was
Steve barely got any sleep. He was too excited, nervous, delighted, anxious...he didn't know what to do. He wanted to hide away and text Tony some more, to see what this all really meant, were they really on the same page? How would things change now? They had agreed to go on a real date today though, and he didn't want to come off as overbearing, so he forced himself to maintain radio silence. At the same time, he couldn't wait to see Tony again. He gave up trying to sleep and got out of bed as soon as the sun shone through his windows. He got showered and dressed, and went downstairs to the common area to make some breakfast. Maybe he would get lucky and run into Tony this morning before anyone else got up-
it, what, because it won't earn you as big of a bonus this year as you wanted?"
“What?” Steve breathed. “Is...is that seriously what you think happened?”
He laid everything out on his kitchen table, and after inspecting everything for a minute, he smiled.
"Yeah." Steve cringed every time he thought back to that day. "If I ever get that high and mighty again, I need you to repulsor blast me in the butt."
It was mid-morning already and Steve hadn't seen Tony around yet. When he asked Jarvis as soon as he got up if Tony was available, Jarvis just said that Tony was still working, but again, would see him before he left. Steve had already said his goodbyes to Natasha and Clint before they headed in to SHIELD, and had received a huge farewell breakfast from Bruce before the scientist was off to work in his own lab for the day. Steve had told Jarvis that he would be leaving at noon at the latest, as he wanted to get to the Franklin Institute in Philly at least a couple hours before closing time.
figured it out right away..."
"Tony." Pepper chimed in. "I know you're worried because you won't be there, but Steve and I are ready. I think it was incredible of you to volunteer by the way, Steve. It's a good plan, a lot of these old men hold you in high regard, and that's saying something. You're very lucky to have him, Tony."
“Interesting.” Jarvis replied. “It’s an old code. But it checks out, sir.”
"Fat chance." Tony quipped back, but followed close behind. "Speaking of fat chances, let me tell you all about Williams, he'll be the worst of all."
“Because everyone
"Shouldn't we take my bike?"
Steve didn't believe in him. He had his shiny new friends, who weren’t sleep deprived, insensitive assholes who wanted Steve all to themselves. Tony thought he had
“I’m...I’m Steve…”
He supposed that was his own fault. He hadn't worked up the nerve to ask Tony out yet. He wondered if the genius would come at all - he hadn't made it clear, and you never know what a single billionaire superhero philanthropist could get caught up with on a weekend night.
“Don’t worry, you’re doing great. I know you’re just tired, baby. Let me just…” Tony balanced one hand on Steve’s shoulder as he shifted his weight back to his knees, and then sunk down on Steve’s hand, moaning the whole way down.
"I better put on a pot of coffee then." Tony quipped back.
“I’m not Tony.” He blurted out. Welp. So much for his cover. “I mean, I am, but I’m another Tony Stark. From another dimension. I’m not your boyfriend.”
That was his business then. Tony would need to be a true friend about it, and that meant getting these travel essentials to Steve before he left. Tony pulled out his screwdriver, and got back to work. So much for a happy birthday.
So as they said their goodnights, Tony stood at his workbench and tried to organize as he mulled over his thoughts.
"Yeah," Steve looked around him, seeing the vastness of the earth, formations far greater and older than him or anyone else that had ever lived. "It is." He agreed, it was beautiful. But in a way, it also made him feel very, very small and alone.
"You want to take me to the airport in
"Don't worry, nothing nefarious." Tony looked out the window. "In fact, I think it might become your new favorite place. Or you might hate it."
"You're in room 901, Mr. Stark, Mr. Rogers. Please enjoy your stay."
“I don’t need their approval to date you.” Steve rubbed Tony’s shoulders dry. “And besides, Sam and Bucky have been egging me on to ask you out for weeks now.”
"We'll be crazy together. Ready for the next birthday surprise?"
"Hey! See! You
Steve practically jogged downstairs, figuring it would be better to find out if the construction crew outside needed any help, than to sit with his own thoughts.
"I don't think you can just destroy whatever is there, Clint." Bruce interjected. "We need to make sure the old system is still operational so we can integrate the new power over to the old grid. Right, Tony?"
Thus, the New Hero Deal. Months of careful preparation. Months of dread. Knowing that every success would bring him one step closer to the man who could shred his heart to pieces with a mere utterance. But he had to do it. For the team. For the world. No matter how much it hurt.
around you. You’re right, I
"What's up with this toothpaste? Did you buy it in Russia or something?" He heard Tony ask from the bathroom.
"I'm yours." He managed a shaky breath before he felt his hole fluttering around the big member inside it. Tony let out a high pitched whine before quivering, then tensing up and squeezing Steve's thighs with both hands. Steve felt a pulsing in his ass, then hot seed spilling out around the cock that was still slowly, sensually gliding in and out. Tony moved his hands down to his hips and then slammed in hard a few more times, loud, wet sounds of come and lube slapping and squirting together filling the air, and Steve came again, a silent scream escaping his lungs, his seed spilling all over himself.
"Just look at him!"
“No.” Tony responded. “But he might as well be. You should see them, Pep, they follow him like lost puppies. And everyone treats
"Why're you here so earlyyy..." Clint tried opening his eyes, squinting through the bright light coming in from the windows.
"Sorry, Tones. Both pizzas were really good. We really can't choose." Natasha explained.
And God, wasn't it obvious what he needed to do?
"Just to see the differences in our biology. He had some free time before going to back to Asgard." Bruce explained as he stuck a light in Thor's ear.
"Tony!" Steve gasped as he came, his mind reeling from just having woken up like this. He was laying on his stomach, face down, moaning into his pillow. Still in a fog, and still hard as rocks, he kept pumping his hips into his mattress, chasing the friction.
Then why was he so nervous? His stomach felt a little queasy. He went back in and turned in for the night, maybe it was just the sketchy steak he'd had at the bar.
He really
men. Steve realized he had no clue. After being with Other-Tony, he’d just assumed...but maybe he’d been wrong. Maybe he just couldn’t have Tony in this universe after all. He’d have to learn to live with that, even with the knowledge of how happy they were somewhere else, in another time and space. It would be painful, to live a life with someone you love, knowing they don't love you back, but it’s what he deserved. Tony should be with someone better than him, smarter, who wouldn’t lie, who wouldn’t make mistakes, who’d always put Tony first.
"Um. So. Sorry about last night."
"That sounds like a lot of money you'd be spending, when you could just have your friends help you." Steve cocked his head to one side.
He loved Tony, so much, and couldn't wait to spend the rest of his life with him.
Tony giggled as Steve pushed him against a wall, hungry for more. Steve didn't know how he ever lived without this - without Tony's body, without these sweet moans and kisses, without being
dicks and some nice tits?” Tony teased. “I’m sure I could get the machine up and running again.” Steve looked down at him and scowled in annoyance. Tony just smiled in return, then sucked him down in one go for good measure. Steve threw his head back and groaned. In the back of his mind, he was glad for this banter, though. It meant Tony wasn’t insecure about the whole thing after all. The fact that he was joking around like this meant he was having fun, and Steve loved that Tony was having fun with him.
"He's a moron! Always with the charity cases. What, he thinks this can get him out of hell? Well news flash, buddy, you're doomed anyways. Don't drag our portfolios down with you!" The ugly man bellowed, a scattered cheer following his hateful comment. Steve snapped his pencil in half with his thumb in an effort to not break the conference table under his other hand. Pepper, the angel, reached over and placed a hand on his. Her eyes locked with his,
He didn't need a note to know that these were all from Tony. It had been a couple days since he'd seen the man, and it was nice to know that Tony seemed to be extending a peace offering. He sat at the table a few more minutes, looking over the manual for the repair kit, when he suddenly jolted up. Crap! This meant that Tony had come by today and Steve had missed him!
"I see." Pepper pulled out her phone, punching in a text, and waved for Steve to follow her outside. "Would you like to join me for lunch? My treat. It's the least I could do for helping us."
Both men blushed at that, looking anywhere but at each other, and Pepper smirked, rolling her eyes. These boys were going to make it hard on themselves, weren't they? She picked up her briefcase, walking to the door.
"Hey!" Steve tried to argue, but to be honest, that was pretty spot on. "I mixed in a few bars here and there. Jarvis took me to the famous spots too."
“I mean, that was pretty stupid of him.” Sam said. “But why didn’t you tell him what happened?”
"Oh! I thought I was at the wrong place. This looks like a party." Steve chuckled.
Tony went straight to work, got up on his knees, spreading his legs around Steve’s thighs, and expertly reached back with one slick hand to start opening himself up. He looked up to see a wide-eyed Steve frozen in place, his gaze fixed on Tony.
Just to be completely sure everyone knows- that's not really how the US's involvement in WWII went down (Steve's speech might imply that it was to help Jewish/LGBT/disabled/etc people in need during the Holocaust) - in reality, their involvement was in response to Pearl Harbor. It just so happened that as a result of their defeat of Nazi forces, in defense of democratic nations, many concentration camps were liberated, but that was never the main goal of the military - most soldiers didn't even know there was a genocide going on at the time until they were literally at the front gates.
"Nope! That's already at the hotel." Oh. Tony must've meant the hotel valet earlier.
“Uh, sorry. I’m going to-” Steve moved past them and nodded his head in Tony’s direction.
"No, no, nothing like that. I wanted to thank you. You know, for the shopping today. Nat and Clint sure had a lot of fun with it." Steve was a little embarrassed now to be taking up Tony's time with this, but he pulled his phone out of his pocket anyways. "And well...I'm a little late on taking up your offer, but you said maybe I could get some help learning this thing? Though, it seems you're busy. I can ask Jarvis for help, really."
"That's great, Steve. That's so great. How about you lay down and get some rest, hm?"
"Fine. It's May 29th."
“That’s because he doesn’t have
“Tony…” The name choked out of his throat, his own clothes forgotten as he ran his hands over Tony’s body. He really
"You really think that's a good idea?" Steve looked to Nat.
"So, Dodgers. Still America's favorite team, then?"
"Um. If it's not too much trouble.." was he being clingy again? "I mean if Tony isn't busy when he gets home tonight..maybe could you let me know when he gets in?"
“Yes, sir.”
"Oh, Lord. You remember that night, huh?" Tony blushed, embarrassed. Steve recalled the slightly awkward dance that started off their adventure that night, but it had been a fun, if not hilarious memory for him. They had gotten to look at all the expo inventions all by themselves, he saw a robot that could translate any language in real-time, tiny nano-organisms that would repair internal damage to injured people, he even got to see the "flying" car, though it hadn't been all that successful.
He smiled, running his thumb over the symbol. He hoped he could always be Tony's Winghead.
"Oh. Hey." Tony looked up at him. It was only 2pm, usually Steve was out until late in the afternoon, working under floodlights with the rest of the relief crew. "Did the boy scouts let out early?"
"You know I did." Steve placed a small peck on Tony's lips as his eyes started to droop shut. "Take a nap while I clean up over there. I'm sure the gang wouldn't be too thrilled about a messy kitchen floor...or wall."
shoes back on.
"I'd like to yield my time to the floor."
Tony sipped on his fourth...fifth? highball of the evening while listening to the CEO of Tes-co talk about...one thing or another. Something to do with self-driving cars. Tony stifled a yawn, it was ridiculous of this guy to be proposing such grandiose ideas when his company hadn't even mastered the maneuverability of their anti-gravity vehicles yet. He was likely just trying to show off their R&D department, which had just received a huge boost in funding.
After the show, he got a hotel closer to Fremont Street, which was quieter than the strip, and settled down for the night. He was already feeling much better than yesterday. Sleeping until noon definitely helped, he felt refreshed. Felt more in tune with himself than he had in a while, which was...interesting. He'd noticed a lot of gentlemen's clubs on the way. Jarvis had politely suggested that Las Vegas was a good place for 'adult entertainment' - and Steve wasn't so dense that he didn't know what
“You said...you said we aren’t your team.” Steve fidgeted with the edge of his blanket, draped over his broad shoulders, barely covering him to his waist. “But we
"Oh...yeah. See you in a bit." Steve took the slippers and walked to the elevators. He clutched the still-warm shoes, considering if he should ask Jarvis to order a matching pair for Tony too, or if that would be just a little too forward. Just then, he remembered something he
We're almost at the end. So happy and sad to be finishing up! I'll probably be posting the ending by early next week. These last few chapters will be coming in hot, bam bam bam, one after another. Get ready to read your butts off.
“None, Captain.” Tony tried to sound serious, but he couldn’t wipe the wide smile off his face. “But you still have to let me take you on a dinner date tonight.”
Steve would’ve -
tens- are you even listening to me??" Tony squawked out, "He's straight! He doesn't like me like that."
When he emerged, Tony was digging through his drawer. Was...was
“Sunshine?” Tony grimaced. It sounded like the Other-Tony was just as cheesy as this Steve. Maybe he should’ve measured the amount of endorphins shooting around in this universe. Too bad he didn’t have a PET scanner around here.
And Tony suddenly understood what Pepper meant, about Steve being perfect for him.
sheesh. I'm taking you to my tailor as soon as you have free time. But this will do in the meantime, I suppose."
"Pepper. Thank you so much for bringing me in, and for having faith in me."
Much to his relief, they were able to get through the texting lessons, and it seemed Tony was fine after all. He didn't want to mess up this friendship before it had even started. Tony really was very helpful and kind, someone definitely worth making friends with. They sat together late into the evening, and by the time they both started to yawn, Steve felt like he had enough ammo to practice using his phone for pretty much everything he could ever need.
Steve looked at his watch, it was late. Tony should get to bed. He stood up first, and then took the other man's hands to pull him up.
"Shocking. I know." Tony looked back out to the game, and fiddled with his soda bottle. "I don't seem like the type, right? Especially with all my daddy issues. But I think that's exactly
"Yep!" He started to walk over, slowly, trying to take in everything he was seeing. He recognized parts of the armor, but everything else was a mystery to him, like falling into an alien world all over again. It all looked so futuristic, even by 2012 standards.
would be the bad guy.”
"Nnn.." Steve shook his head. He didn't want to be alone again. If he went to bed, Tony would be gone, and he'd be scared and alone again. He didn't realize it, but he started to breathe faster again.
"Don't think I haven't checked up on you, Rogers." Tony teased as they walked over to the elevator. "I mean honestly, a Motel 6? It's inexcusable. Today you'll see what luxury is."
"I mean, you
Tony knew they were fiercely bound together regardless of what happened. Two men, in the wrong era - at the wrong place - in the wrong time. They needed the other, their fates would always cross, no matter how much it hurt.
"It better be that strawberry shortcake. Don't let the hounds get to it." He raised an eyebrow in Thor's direction.
Wait.
"I won't tell him, Stark." Natasha winked from behind her tea.
"What? I don't....wait, who's the source?"
His memories were interrupted when Tony stirred under him. He didn’t wake, just huddled deeper into Steve’s chest, using him as a shield from the sun. It made Steve chuckle. It was properly morning now, the birds outside were chirping, and Tony probably had to go to work soon, it
got to him. Steve folded his arms, tensing up. Maybe he looked a little intimidating this way, but it helped him find some semblance of control, when all he wanted to do was scream at Tony, lash out at him, pull him close, make love to him, fight him,
"FINE. Have it your way." He picked up his coffee and started to storm out of the room when he turned back around, "But don't plan on taking your bike anywhere today. Or tomorrow. If you insist on taking that
"Look! Slippers and hot towels too!"
Steve would forever remember every dip, every turn, every laugh that they shared that night. If he couldn't tell Tony how he felt with his words, he was sure going to try his damndest to tell him with his body.
“No. I mean, well yes. Kind of. I don’t really know yet. I
"No." Steve paused a second, the elevator doors had opened, and he guided them on. When the doors closed, he continued. "It wasn't a trial run for anything. I don't have any gal that I'd want to take on a date there. I think...I'd rather take a nice, smart, handsome fella."
"So you pulled me out of a meeting with my superior officers to tell me that you and Steve cuddled?"
8-17-12
I hope you all liked it, and I look forward to writing more Stony fics, because I just cannot stay away from these two lovebirds :)
“Shit!” Tony pulled away from Steve’s grasp, almost tripping in the process. The inter-dimensional portal was overheating, struggling to tear open space and time without the input of a specific location. Tony had forgotten all about the shutdown sequence. He scrambled for the emergency shutoff button, slamming it right before the portal could get hot enough to start melting the lab floor.
"Don't ask questions like that, idiot." Natasha reprimanded.
"This better be good. It's early and I had to babysit Barton last night." Natasha came out, grumbling but looking just as alert as ever. Steve handed her the hot drink.
"S'gonna be hard not to." Steve smelled the delicious looking food and dug in, hoping he hadn't ruined the mood.
“No.” Steve gripped the sheets.
"Sorry, Spangles. I'm just messing with ya'." Tony turned away, "Guess I don't know when to turn it off sometimes."
“Calm down, Tony. Don’t you remember Ulton? Jarvis is...he’s gone, Tony.” Tony shoved his repulsor back into his face, and Steve held his hands up in response, showing that he meant no harm.
Steve just kept sitting and breathing. Seconds or minutes or longer passed. All he heard was his own breath mixing in with Tony's. Why could he hear Tony's breath?
"I know, right!?" Tony squealed. Steve wanted to do the same for Tony, to know the exhilarating feeling of being so close to his mouth. Quickly, before he lost his nerve, he took his fork and dunked a small plantain in the white sauce that accompanied it.
Steve shook his head. He wasn't sure where this was coming from. He'd been talking about his trip all last month with everyone in the tower, even getting suggestions about where to go and what to see. Why was Tony so against it now that it was actually happening? Thankfully, the rest of the team was on board with it.
"Nice! I've already got some merch!" The archer caught it and proudly put it on.
Tony's breath hitched and his eyebrows shot up, but he didn't move, or make a sound. The elevator ride up was long and slow, it seemed to go on forever. Finally it came to a stop and the doors opened on Steve's floor. He didn't know what to make of Tony's silence, but the man hadn't pulled away either. He may not have even taken a breath the whole ride up.
“Of course it’s okay, silly.” Steve’s eyes followed Tony as he reached over to the nightstand and opened the drawer, pulling out a small bottle of lube. Shit, how did Tony know that was in there? Though, it probably wasn’t really a stretch to keep such things in nightstands.
“You...you coming home with us?” Steve asked hesitantly. He didn’t want to push too hard, but he needed to know if they were okay. Even through the sunglasses, he knew the man was giving him a sharp look, and Steve held his breath, but Tony didn’t lash out.
"Hey Happy, how are you today?" Steve asked, smiling at the driver.
“My Russian name is Natalia Romanova. That’s the best you’re getting.”
"I'm not busting you Mr Stark, it's, uh, your life I guess?" Peter scratches the back of his neck awkwardly, "It just reminded me of a meme I saw. Um... this one!"
“I do.” Steve answers. He’s almost done getting dressed, reluctant to even leave the room. This is the last stop for their trip. This is the thing Steve needs to do in order to go home and rebuild. This is what Steve needs to accept and acknowledge, it’s what he needs to mourn in order to feel like himself again.
“By accepting that that wasn’t you,” Tony explains, voice gentle. “That wasn’t you. That wasn’t Captain America. Hydra didn’t make you. They didn’t own you. And you’re going to pick up the pieces and rebuild, anyway. Just like we always do. Because that’s what we do, Steve. We rebuild, over and over again.”
“Everything.”
“Steve--”
“We’ve established that.”
, Steve. So, I asked Sharon. I begged her, actually. She told me about your trip and I decided to hijack it and here we are.” Tony smiles, weakly. It’s brittle and subtle, but real.
Steve’s chest feels almost too warm. His heart is beating harder, faster, louder than ever before, and he can’t look away from Tony’s sincere eyes. “Why”
Their first stop together is in D.C.
“Hey, soldier,” Tony smiles, leaning over him, Steve pulsing inside him. He’s straddling Steve’s lap, not moving yet. He solves that by rolling his hips, making Steve groan.
“I love you,” Steve says, watching Tony’s stunned face. “God, Tony. I love you so much. Even when I’m angry at you. Even when you drive me crazy. I love you, too.”
“On what?”
He doesn’t let Tony finish. Steve kisses him first deeply and slowly, still trying to commit the feel of Tony’s lips to memory. Then it’s open-mouthed and messy and his hands search hungrily for every corner of Tony’s body, every bit of skin they can find and touch. He rolls Tony on his back and settles on top of him. A lack of air forces them apart and soon, Tony’s surprising him by rolling Steve onto his back and sitting on his lap, leaning forward for another kiss. His hair is a bit longer now but not long enough to be curly yet. Tony’s eyelashes are long and dark and his eyes are too bright, brighter than any other eyes Steve’s seen. Or maybe he’s just romantic. Maybe he’s desperately clinging to the comfort offered by Tony’s body and this love that seems newfound and so old at the same time. Maybe this is Steve’s way of getting lost and letting go and forcing himself to forget what was done to his mind. Because Tony understands. Tony knows him fully. Tony has looked at the deepest, saddest parts of Steve and still have looked at Steve with admiration and affection.
“I don’t deserve that love,” Steve whispers, a sob breaking out of him.
Tony laughs. “Fair enough! It’s just… nice, you know? To do something like that again. We used to go out and eat together all the time, back then. It was really good.”
“I should have known,” Steve slumps defeated. “There was more money than usual in my bank account.”
“Is it a good one?”
“How?” Steve croaks. “How?”
“I just needed to find you. And tell you. Because now that I remember everything I needed to tell you that… I can’t afford to lose you again. I can’t. And I can’t lose you to
That’s when he realizes that, one: the last thing he remembers is passing out on a beach; and two: he’s in a hotel room, resting on an actual bed with a soft pillow under his head and a blanket covering his body. At least, he’s still wearing his uniform, which means that no one has undressed him. He quickly reaches for his shield, which lays right next to his bed and raises himself into a sitting position, ready to find out if someone else is there in that room when—
Steve blinks then, almost carefully, releases a warm, low chuckle. “You’d have to wear one of your old armors for that.”
“Mmm,” Tony smiles, but it’s sad again. It’s too easy for him to go back to that. “We could have. I’m sorry, I should--”
Steve allows himself to fall in love with Tony again, and to hope. And to take back the things that his other self tried to take from them. He undresses Tony with eagerness and presses a smile against the crook of his neck. He touches the firm planes of Tony’s abdomen and feels the muscle flutter, rests a palm over Tony’s chest and feels his heartbeat accelerate. For him. For Steve.
“I know, Steve.”
“We’ve known each other for a long time,” Tony says, flushed. A moment later, the waiter comes back and leaves a big milkshake in front of Tony.
They arrive by the afternoon. It’s a windy, almost cold day. Steve allows Tony to step down of the motorcycle, then he does the same. They both lean against it, standing still on the side of the road, surrounded by vast nothingness, eyes fixed on a single thing: the enormous space that used to be Las Vegas.
“I know what you’re thinking,” Tony interrupts him. They stop next to a small pond populated by ducks. “I know the face you make when you’re worried.”
With those depressing thoughts in mind, Steve chooses to finally, fully wake up.
“Okay. I have the perfect solution for that,” Tony says. Then, he leans down again and kisses Steve on the corner of his lips. And, for a brief, wonderful moment, all is well again.
(If he closes his eyes, if he tries to sleep at night, Steve can still see Natasha falling.)
Overwhelmed, Steve closes his eyes. His eyes feel hot with the sting of tears and he allows himself to cry a little when he feels Tony’s hand resting on his shoulder. “So many times I called you a monster. Turned my back on you. Went at you with everything I had. You made me so angry, Tony.”
“What are you doing here?” Steve blurts out, lowering his shield. Relieved, he falls back to the bed, sitting in a more relaxed position. Tony sighs, running a hand through his hair. There are shadows under his eyes and he looks exhausted, but that’s not rare for him. “What… when did you wake up?”
They stop in Denver for a night, knowing that their road trip is nearing its end. Tony books them a room at a bed & breakfast. There’s only one bed and this new, fleeting and fragile thing between them feels too delicate to try to test it but Steve is tired and sore and Tony’s body is still weak from waking up from a coma and so, they have to make do. It’s not like they haven’t shared a bed before. After more than a decade of knowing each other, Steve is well acquainted with Tony’s body and, as he lies with him in bed, he grieves and feels nostalgic for the things they didn’t get to have before. For all the times they could have kissed and didn’t. For all the times they broke apart in anger and hurt.
Tony snorts. “So many years wasted. I guess we really do suck at communicating,” his face softens and he brings a hand to Steve’s hair, gently carding it through his fingers. “This doesn’t feel real, you know?”
