“I used to read your mind, back when we first met,” Cas says, looking him right in the eyes like he still can. “It was deemed necessary, for the success of Heaven’s mission, that I knew you down to your most basic impulses.”
behind her, just off the floor. She's got gorgeous dark hair architecturally piled on top of her head in elaborate twists and braids. If this was a bar in 2010 rather than his wedding in 2020, he'd be hitting on her already, even though he can tell from twenty feet away that she's wildly out of his league.
Cas grins and kicks the blankets back before rolling smoothly to his stomach and pillowing his head on his arms.
“Nah, I’m just gonna get something a little stronger to drink first,” Dean says, tipping back the last of his beer.
“Then we drive a little. Hey, what about Six Flags? Eileen was planning on heading back this way once she finishes up this run-of-the-mill haunting over in Indianapolis. What if we met her in St. Louis?”
“Forgive me if I’ve misjudged the situation,” Cas says, petting at his face, his hair. “But I am fairly certain you’ve never done this before.”
I wonder if there will ever come a day you will fully believe me when I say there is nowhere else I'd rather be than with you."
He needs a weighted blanket and a fifth of whiskey and at least a baker's dozen of monsters to kill before he can deal with this, before he can -
"Hey, the little stick tag thing clearly says that Pothos plants are well-suited to low light conditions," Dean says, chucking the dirt-covered tag in Sam's direction for added emphasis.
Cas is yawning during chess with Sam, nodding off during New Girl reruns with Jack, and he’s bonelessly slumped against Dean’s shoulder as Dean is looking up recipes for various fruit desserts. He’s got a nice quantity of bookmarks now.
“Sanskrit. A minor blessing.” Cas traces a spiraling series out with his index finger. “Nothing to be alarmed about.”
So specifics is what Dean needs, then. He can do that. He pushes back the covers and swings a leg over Dean’s hips, pinning him. He refuses to be distracted by the proximity, by everything he can feel. It's all hubris - he's hanging on by a thread.
“Actually, I was wondering if you wanted to pass the time another way,” Cas says, throwing him a considering glance.
The only sound is the rain outside, along with the occasional crash of thunder. Dean hums, both totally relaxed and so goddamn turned on when Cas works a hand inside his briefs to help his cock through the slit. The feeling of Cas’ hot breath on his dick makes him shiver, and Cas doesn’t keep him waiting. He’s being taken in whole, and his hands find Cas’ hair and tug as Cas’ chin meets his balls. Cas just stays there, longer than would be comfortable or even possible for someone who has a physiological need for breathing.
“Jacob’s axe was destroyed in the Crusades of the mid-thirteenth century—oh. I see what you mean. They let me keep an encyclopedic knowledge of birdsong, both extant and extinct. And the dance language of the honey bee. And every memory of you formed with angelic senses.”
“You have no idea, none at all, you couldn’t possibly imagine...” Dean smiles, using the leverage he has on the headboard to meet Cas thrust for thrust. “When I say I love you, you should understand what it means.”
“You’re staring,” Cas says, dabbing at the corner of his mouth with a napkin when his plate is nearly polished clean. “I don’t mind, of course. That would be hypocritical.”
"Fuck that, I've had my share of spirits. I just wanted to make a damn pie, but these berries,” he stabs one with his fork and waves it in the air for emphasis, “Will probably hex me with gonorrhea or like, a
“Fingers crossed and all that. If yeah, if I get the chance, I’m going to set things right with the kid.”
When he gets back to the car, Cas has moved to the passenger seat. Dean hands him the sunglasses. Cas turns them over in his hands, puzzled.
“You think I should take that man up on his offer of going back to his apartment, presumably to engage in sexual activity?”
"Yeah, just, I don't know. Surprised? I could never tell, and uh. I’m usually pretty good at noticing that kind of thing. I mean, I think I am? It’s kind of... different, sometimes, with guys. I get sort of stupid around guys. But you already knew that.”
“Putting aside the logistics...no, I don’t think that would work. Remember the roller coaster on the second go-round? No Cas that time.”
“See, you get it,” Dean says, nudging Cas’ shoulder with his. “And there’s you, obviously. So, yeah. Pretty close, pretty warm. That’s my family.”
Cas smiles. Just a small one. It might be out of place, but Dean is trying so hard, and Cas loves him so.
It makes Dean want to leap off the roof to have it put so bluntly, but that's Cas. And it's true, anyway. These last few months, with Sam, Cas, and Jack, everyone safe and whole and presently in possession of their soul... probably the longest stretch of peace he's ever lived through.
“Huh. It didn’t like that,” Dean calls out over the gale, bracing himself against a fence post until the wind dies down. “Must be something offensive about being called a gnome. Maybe no more guesses, for now?”
“‘Just Like Someone Without Mental Illness Only More So.’” Cas reads aloud. “That’s an evocative title.”
Dean's hand freezes in the hair at the base of Cas' neck. "Oh my God, no. I'll hide the scissors and the razor. Salt and burn ‘em just to be safe."
The next hour passes interspersed with a volley of back-and-forth questions, mostly from Sam. Cas gets a more detailed synopsis of the final battle, ending with Chuck blinked out of existence. He wishes he could have seen it. He answers Sam’s questions about what he remembers from The Empty (nothing), and whether he has any theories for how he got out (he doesn’t). He gets to hear the joy in Sam’s voice when he describes all their friends, everyone on Earth, reappearing as though they’d never left.
Cas sways on his feet. Dean tightens his grip on his hips, holding him steady as he lets his upper lip catch on the crown of Cas’ cock on the next drag. Cas even tastes good, and Dean sucks at the slit just for more of it.
“I knew it, this one sucks." Dean swats at a lump vine and immediately feels guilty for it. "I should’ve driven to the fancy greenhouse in Beloit."
”  Dean hauls him forward, laughing, until they’re a tangle of limbs and skin. No one’s playing to win here, so when Dean gets a hand just right on Cas’ shoulder to flip him to his back, Cas doesn’t fight it. His reward is the new knowledge of what Dean looks like, breathing hard and smiling above him.
“Me too. The whole time,” Dean says, and just like that, it’s out there. And it only took him eleven years to say.
He considers it, possible positions unfolding in his mind like clicks through a stereoscope reel. “If you want closer, I’m gonna have to pull off for a minute.” Cas groans, and then nods like he's decided this is a price worth paying. “Alright.”
Cas laughs then, shifting back between Dean’s knees and then kissing up his thighs until he’s got Dean’s cock back between his lips. Dean, for his part, cards his fingers through Cas’ hair and tries to remember to breathe, in and back out until he realizes he’s matching the rhythm of Cas’ own well-timed inhales and exhales around his dick.
Dean hums, melting into the mattress as Cas’ thumbs rub circles into his back. He can feel his t-shirt riding up, Cas’ fingers catching on the edge of it on each pass. Goosebumps rise on his skin when the pads of Cas’ fingers make brief contact.
Dean shifts down a bit, and feels his spine creak against the cheap bed. Definitely not memory foam.
"Hey buddy, uh, not trying to nitpick, but where am I gonna fucking park?" Dean asks nervously. He wants the burger obviously, but at what cost? "Baby doesn't do parallel."
“Oh, that’s easy. You’re a badass,” Dean says. “The best - and I mean that. You strategize, but then you just leave it all on the floor in a fight. It’s really something.”
love with him. The force of it works him over, feels like stepping into a rainstorm and getting punched in the gut and riding a bike too fast down a steep hill.
“Do you wanna fuck?” Dean slurs, an arm slung over his tired eyes. Should he be this relaxed? He feels a bit like he could fall asleep, but in a sexy, safe way, not in a bored way. Christ, he’ll never be bored of this, Cas could finger him and suck his dick until he’s pushing ninety in a retirement home.
“I’m utilizing a two week schedule for the application of organic neem oil to aid in the prevention of both arthropod infestation and mildew growth, truly a boon in this humid weather we’ve been having, and -” Cas stops, tipping his head to the side and eyeing Dean. “Are you listening?”
“Okay, yeah. It’s got to be new. I’m sure we’ll think of something.” A baker’s dozen of life-threatening ideas come to mind immediately, but Dean keeps that little tidbit to himself. No need to worry Sam. “Wait, you said we learned something else too.”
“It’s bastardized, but uh. Yeah.” Dean looks up at the ceiling, giving Cas a view of his face in profile, the twist to the side of his mouth. “I love you, so, uh. Pretty into the idea of you staying alive. With me.”
“Anyone, I suppose.” Cas thinks of Kali, Osiris, Izanami, Odin, Athena. Some more theoretically oriented toward helpfulness than others. But the Empty hadn’t mentioned them.
“Makes sense. She got me a self-help book on cognitive-behavioral therapy.” It was pretty good, too. Identifying negative self-talk, resetting the patterns in his thinking. He should write her a fuckin’ thank you card. Send her a bouquet of flowers. She’d probably hate that. “Anyway, yeah. I got my shots recently enough, I think? Actually, funny story - it was the last time I was here. Did I tell you about when I broke my leg and almost got eaten at the Leviathan hospital?”
“An eighty-seven minute drive,” Cas says, slumping against the passenger side window. “If you speed.”
But, if Cas’ gentle mouth on the shell of his ear and fingers tracing over the knobs of his spine are any indication, this is different. And sure as shit isn’t a one-time thing. It better not be, anyway. This all needs to happen somewhere more tangible than his subconscious. Preferably in his bed.
She steps close to him, close enough that Dean can see the flecks of gold in her deep brown eyes before she takes one of his hands in both of hers.
"Are you ready?" Cas asks, not specifying what for. Dean nods anyway. He’s never been ready for Cas, after all. “Keep looking up.”
His hand goes to Dean’s face then, both to give reassurance and to seek out an anchor. Dean tips his forehead against Cas’, sharing the same air.
It goes on like that for weeks. The peas keep on producing well after the daily high tops 90 degrees - something Cas finds utterly shocking. He’s keeping a logbook of every unusual thing the garden does. Or more accurately,
Cas glances at him and doesn’t argue. Dean thinks that Cas might have understood Mary better than he ever did. “You both did your best.”
“My firsthand experience with deep, personal disclosures is quite recent, so I understand the hesitancy.”
“Your body’s natural responsiveness isn’t going to make me uncomfortable,” Cas says. “In case you wanted to vocalize.”
His tone brooks no argument, and Dean finds himself face down on the bed before he’s conscious of following orders.
“As I was saying, I have less of a need to call you now that I can simply knock on your door. Were you worried the waitress might make assumptions about our relationship based on -”
The goddess releases his hand, and she and Cas exchange a small bow before she turns and meanders toward the stairs and out of sight.
At the kitchen sink, Dean dries and Sam washes. It’s companionable, and Dean’s grateful, he is. So fucking grateful for it. He should probably tell Sam that more. Or at all.
Cas shushes him urgently and points at a nearby trellis. “The tomatoes, they’re ripening, right before our eyes."
Dean nods, hoping that gets the message across that there’s nothing Dean wouldn’t give him, especially here, now, in this bed.
“Then by all means, continue,” Cas says, and he laces their fingers together on top of the blankets.
He wonders when Cas saying stuff like that won’t make the back of his neck as red as a kid at the waterpark without sunscreen.
Cas swallows, feels a bead of sweat make its way down his spine. Dean takes a curve in the road faster than his digestive system would prefer.
Alright, so this fic was started prior to the airing of 15x18. Bear that in mind. In my own brain, 15x18 was the last canon episode of the CW's Supernatural, but hasn't happened yet in the universe of this fic. What is time! What is canon! Who can say!
He’s avoided this state of being for so long. He’s been conscious of his own feelings for years, after all. Long before the Empty made its promise to him in exchange for Jack’s life. All his fears, the terrors that kept him wandering the bunker’s halls at night, of all the worst ways Dean could respond - it’s all gone. In its place is the certainty of a home waiting for him in middle America, the promise of friendship, companionship, and belonging. He wants for nothing.
“I wasn’t ‘shooting my shot,’” Cas says, again with the air quotes. “I never had a shot. I knew that, and I thought I made it clear that telling you how I felt came with no expectation of—”
He switches buses in Springfield as the sun is setting behind the trees, the golden hour casting his fellow passengers in their best light. There’s a young woman in the seat next to him, twisting and untwisting the cord of her headphones between her fingers, her dark hair covering most of her face.
Cas rolls his eyes. "Anyway, the west coast appears to be a mecca of sorts for cruelty-free dining in America. I thought that once we’ve dispatched the ghost, I could attempt to persuade you of veganism’s merits by way of your taste buds, and your conscience."
“Okay, I’m not gonna argue - you know I want to anyway, you already know what I’d say. Alright, last one. You’re adaptable. Nobody’s had to change their own personal rulebook like you, and that takes guts. You went from soldier of heaven to crashing in shitty motels just like this one with Sam and me.”
In the garden, Cas calls out instructions across the yard with military-style authority. He’s gorgeous like this, and Dean has no trouble imagining him leading a company of angels in battle.
“I assure you, it’s perfectly safe. Your species has been consuming bacterial biomasses like spirulina for almost a thousand years.”
Dean is cleaning his gun at the dinette table when Cas mumbles something through the bathroom door. Dean had been so deep in his head about why Cas doesn't seem interested in humanity's best consolation prize that he didn't hear the water shut off.
“There is a nature preserve a mile east of here that is home to the endangered Eastern prairie fringed orchid. I’d like to see that, I think.”
Dean is chasing bell peppers and onions around a pan with an old wooden spoon when Sam hops up on the counter beside the stove, long legs dangling like he’s eight years old again rather than close to forty.
Supplies hastily shoved into the trunk, they head out. Cas is alert, body tense in the passenger seat as he talks faster than Dean can parse about the physics involved in forming makeshift hail shelters out of scavenged supplies. There are formulas and calculations that definitely weren’t covered in his GED study guide’s math section. Dean does a lot of serious nodding along, and tries not to think about what the Impala’s roof is going to look like when the storm is over.
Cas nods, eyes huge like he’s being handed keys to the high castle instead of instructions for getting inside Dean’s ass.
While Cas’ food sizzles on the cooktop at the back of the diner, he fills Dean in on the events of his latest reincarnation in a low enough voice not to alarm the civilians present. Diplomacy, formal treaties, the ritual where he sacrificed his grace and restored heaven in the process. A new cosmic order that offers the possibility of real redemption, and a place for people to live out eternity with the ones they love rather than their hazily-remembered shadows.
It’s nice out, crisp. The dregs of August finally cashing in their chips. Dean shrugs. “If you want to go for a walk, we can go for a walk.”
Dean settles into the other bed and stares at the ceiling, letting Cas' gentle breathing and the distant whir of semi-trucks on the highway send him to sleep.
Dean asks for two doubles at the motel front desk, as always. The young receptionist pushes her hair out of her face nervously when Dean smiles at her, flustered and fumbling when she hands back his stolen credit card and fake ID. Cas can sympathize. Even under buzzing fluorescent lights and half-drunk, Dean is distractingly beautiful.
Dean drags his tongue up the crease between leg and hip before answering. “Don’t be stupid. Obviously not.”
“I don’t know - you guys seem...close, now. All the gardening and whatever. A present would be nice. People like those.”
The next morning, Dean gets up early to run some errands while Cas sleeps in. It feels vaguely sacreligious, leaving Cas when he’s all laid out in their bed, the long line of his naked back on display.
“Your nightmares, that first year back from hell. I justified it to myself that we - heaven - needed you well. Needed you sharp and ready for the mission. But it was more than that. I cared - so early on, I cared - about you hurting.”
“No. You can’t jump to blaming yourself so quickly.” Cas fishes his hand out of the blankets, pressing a kiss to the heel of his palm before lacing their fingers together. “Let me explain. Your persistence, the volume of your prayers - it all proved more than the Empty could sleep through. It offered me one final deal, to cut its losses. My grace - a boost of power sufficient to put all the angels and demons there back to sleep - for my freedom. As a human.”
“No disrespect intended, but even ignoring the interference of the unholy and the demonic, your average mental health professional would have more than a few questions about John’s parenting.”
Dean kisses him again, otherwise keeping still above him, which Cas appreciates. While his own dick has made its desire for ceaseless attention known, he has other objectives. He searches with the tip of his middle finger until - there.
The sound of the bottle opening again, then Dean’s sliding back into the home of his legs and his hand is slicking up Cas’ dick, twisting at the head. Cas groans, dirty and entirely involuntary, not that he has any interest in holding back.
“You got it from here?” Dean says, detecting his uncertainty with how to proceed. His hand encircles Cas’ wrist and brings it back to his ass, going so far as to push their fingers together between his ass cheeks. “So you just - whatever you wanna do. Just go slow.”
“So yes, to summarize, my perfect day is this one. Nobody I care for is in mortal danger, you and I are not in conflict, and despite what you may say, this coffee is excellent.”
“And...that’s...um...” Dean tries not to get reactive, instead taking a moment to cast around for the right words. “Explain to me how that’s a good thing. Because I can sure think of some other options. What about burgers, the bunker’s water pressure, livin’ to fight another day -”
Looking around, he sees a small fishing shed not far up the shore. The walk/climb up the rocky beach makes him add shoes to his list of urgent needs. He tries the door, locked. Pressing his face to the glass of the shed’s lone window, he sees shelves with various supplies and provisions stacked neatly along the wall. Rods, nets, tackle, a bright red cooler. But more critically, what looks like a small bundle of what will pass for clothes.
“It’s as I always hoped, that there would be a way I could begin to repair what was lost, all the damage I did,” Cas says. “It’ll never be the same, of course, but—”
.” Cas takes his face in his hands, kissing him softly. “That’s what the goddess meant. Her claim on the land goes deeper than a title recorded at the county courthouse, so the fact that she willingly gave her consent... this is
“This is an ‘every day for the rest of our lives’ thing, Dean,” Cas says easily, hand gentle on the side of his face, “If you’ll have me.”
“Actually, lest you forget, you are also a co-star in a cult favorite book series," Cas corrects him. "Criminal notoriety might last for only a moment, but fan devotion to a character can last for decades. Or so I’ve heard.”
“Cut that shit out, man,” Dean says sharply, full of familiar, semi-belligerent affection. “You gotta tell me when you need something.”
Dean’s gaze drifts as he searches for the memory. “September ‘09...oh my god, was that that night I tried to -”
“Mm. A while,” Cas says, folding the newspaper. “Were you aware that you occasionally talk in your sleep?”
“Then what was it?” he asks when he can breathe again, genuinely curious. Possibly also fishing for a compliment, but Cas doesn’t need to know that.
It’s a little awkward, pulling back the covers and climbing in beside Cas, too many elbows and knees. He feels like he should apologize to the memory foam for missing the Holiday Inn king-size back in Iowa.
The El Rancho Motel in Yermo is absolutely perfect, mostly because it’s the only place in town. Dean taps his credit card against the counter and shifts his feet as the clerk takes forever explaining their choice of rooms.
Cas is on his knees, reverberations of grace-deep, vivisecting pain wracking through whatever passes for his body now, in this Nothing Place. He can’t be killed here, but the Empty is creative. He has nothing to offer it, nothing to placate its rage, not when he can hear the weeping and the screaming of every sleepless angel and demon ever consigned here in death.
"Fabric softener is a scam. Okay, what else...you want to do home maintenance next? Taxes? Gotta admit, I have no idea how to do taxes."
She takes him by the elbow, grip reassuringly strong, and guides him to a bench. His legs practically give out when he stumbles to a sit, and she rubs his back in soothing circles as he tries to get a handle on his breathing. Anybody passing by would think he was having a moment about the loop-the-loops or whatever, not about having just seen...who he thought he saw.
“Oh, that thing you said, about how the garden goddess or whatever it is likes me best? You’re totally wrong. Remember the other day, when the tomato you picked doubled in size,
Dean leans forward to kiss him and slides his hands down to Cas’ ass. He’s suddenly less morally opposed to all the jogging Cas has been doing lately. Appreciation indeed.
“Can I?” Cas says, disbelief coloring his voice but his touch trailing to the skin of Dean’s inner thighs anyway. “I didn’t want to ask for too much. But I...I very much want—”
Once Cas has the hang of things, he leans forward to take Dean’s dick into his mouth. It’s hot and wet and overstimulating, and Dean does his best not to pull Cas’ hair too hard when he figures out how to sync up the rhythm of his mouth and fingers.
Sam nods, serious, and they eat in silence for a bit, staring into their phones. Dean tries not to think about how much he hates oatmeal, but kicking ass at Fruit Ninja can only distract from so much.
Dean tries not to preen. “Got it. So what is it about gardening? Sure didn't seem like you were enjoying it when you were inspecting the compost for those little worm things a few weeks ago.”
Cas takes mercy on him, helping Dean with the button and zip, then tossing his pants and boxers off the side of the bed before going for Dean’s like a true friend.
“If you wanted to be closer, all you had to do was ask,” Cas says, weaseling his other arm underneath Dean’s and pulling him forward into a frankly humiliating full-body hug. If only Dean could remember to be humiliated rather than really fucking happy about it.
“No! I mean, yeah, but not like that, just -” goddamn little brothers, Jesus Christ. “I don’t really want to hear it from Sam, you get that?”
Dean had asked him once whether he had to purposefully let the callouses stay, preventing his grace from healing them. Cas had explained how he’d wanted to keep this little bit of evidence of his work on earth, on the roof of the bunker that he shares with his family (Jesus, his
The server is too pretty, with dark hair and blue eyes and a name tag reading "Hyacinth." When she asks what they'd like to drink, Dean smiles slow and leans in, running on automatic after decades of charming beautiful people in cafes and bars across America.
Cas smiles over the rim of his coffee cup. “I don’t think the researchers had hunting in mind when they developed this question.”
“Think we’re playing pretty fast and loose with the rules as it is,” Dean says, nudging his foot against Cas’ under the table.
“Cas, buddy. You there?” He’s not expecting an answer. He keeps talking anyway. “So you’re still looking out for me, huh. Thanks. I appreciate it, I do.”
Dean hands them over, and Cas tells him about how removing the suckers at the juncture of a tomato plant’s branch and main stem helps keep the plant structurally sound over the course of the season and improves overall fruit yield. Dean’s listening, but he’s also thinking about all the salsa and marinara he’s going to can in August. Or, a thick slice of an heirloom brandywine tomato on a perfectly grilled burger. Fuck, he’d even make Sam one of those freaky meat-substitute burgers from the fancy grocery store down in Hays. Make a real day of it.
Dean shakes himself, letting his palm rest over Cas’ spine, doing nothing. He’s warm through the thin shirt, and Dean’s massively fucked. Way, way out of his depth. He finds the divots between bone and muscle and presses. Cas sighs, and Dean is flooded with how much Cas deserves to be touched like this.
Dean gets on a first name basis with the folks at the hardware store in town, buying so much they start giving him a family-and-friends discount. He replaces the glass in the windows and cleans out the old birds’ nests and built-up ash and soot in the stone chimney just in time for the late autumn chill to set in. Cas is in charge of decor, and he comes home happy one day with dishes and a braided rug from the flea market that’s held on the first Saturday of the month in the parking lot of the only Catholic church in town.
The first night back at the bunker is surreal and very, very observed by a certain little brother and quasi-child. Cas takes their bags straight to Dean’s room like it’s nothing. Jack stands by, looking serene and pleased, while Sam’s eyebrows are doing that thing they do when he’s emotional and trying to hide it.
“How long?” Dean asks instead, taking Cas off guard. It takes him only a moment to catch Dean’s meaning.
Dean laughs, and throws an arm over his tired eyes. “Figures. What about you? Cross flying off the list. Phenomenal cosmic power and all that, anything you still wanna do?”
The woman at the ticket window for the ferry is well-weathered and kind. She slides her own cell phone through the narrow space at the bottom of the glass, where a person would normally pick up their spare change. He checks the date on the home screen. Disbelieving, he sees that somehow only four days have passed since he said what he said to Dean, and since, judging by the continued existence of the world around him, the Winchesters saved the world again. Today has been full of mercies, big and small. He didn’t wake up
Dean shivers at the closeness of Cas’ voice in his mind, at how he can still feel Cas' breath against his mouth, inches away. He takes a deep breath before landing on one specific moment.
Cas nudges his hip with his knee. Dean lets out a shaky breath and resigns himself to the fact of how embarrassing this is about to get (and already is). He heaves himself clumsily over onto his back, one arm flung over his eyes like that’ll hide anything.
He settles on a wooden bench under a tree across the street. An hour passes, slow and too fast as he scans the road for that familiar car.
Cas showers first, at Dean's insistence. Ever since the battle with Chuck zapped all but the barest hint of his grace, Dean's been trying to make it up to him. He's fully aware that dibs on the bathroom in a dump like this can't compare to the power to bend space and time, but it's just about all Dean has to offer. He's been trying to drag Cas out with him to the area watering holes to help him pick up some nice girl for weeks, but Cas always turns him down. Dean is secretly grateful.
Dean’s gaze goes soft, and he brings a hand to Cas’ face. Cas snags it to press a slow kiss to his palm.
Taking that as encouragement, Cas explores. The pad of his finger, just barely pressing, the tip to circle around - it all seems effective, based on the panting breaths in his ear and the increasing slickness on his skin where Dean is fucking against him.
“Why not.” Dean flips off the gas, figuring fajitas can wait. The steak can stand marinating another ten minutes. It’s not like this is going to work, anyway.
It should scare him, maybe, how much he means that. Dean would hand over anything he wants, anything he could think to ask for, and more besides. As certain as he is in that knowledge, he’s even more certain that Cas would never ask for something he doesn’t already want to give.
“Totally.” A great point, now that Cas has brought it up. Fuck those imperialist dickbag men of letters. “How would we go about doing that? People might start asking questions if we unload a bunch of priceless - hang on. Put a pin in that for now. What I was saying is that I think we should move in together. For real. Somewhere with its own entrance, maybe even a real address? It sucks not being able to get pizza delivered.”
“I mean, if Anna could forget who she was when she fell - does it work like that sometimes? Amnesia as a side effect?”
“Finally, your totally unmerited belief in the possibility of change. I think that was the most fundamental thing. Take myself, for instance. The angel you met in that barn...Dean, I threatened to
They work together beautifully, like they always have. Stakes are pushed as far as possible into the dirt, tarps draped over the rectangles they create, and stones used to anchor everything in place. Cas is muttering in Enochian the entire time. To Dean’s untrained ear, it sounds vaguely like an obscenity-laden prayer.
“Oh, uh. You mean after I - after I pulled a gun on him when we were getting puppeteered by Chuck. Yeah, not my finest hour.”
Cas pulls himself to his feet, ambling over until he’s pressing his face between Dean’s shoulder blades, arms around his waist.
“I...I think I saw Cas,” he says, and it sounds so stupid that he keeps his gaze fixed on a spot on his jeans that’s worn threadbare and about to split instead of making eye contact. “Or something that looked like Cas.”
He’s about to head out on a beer run on some random Friday night when the keys to the Impala go missing. He could’ve sworn he put them in their usual place, the hook just inside the door to the garage, but maybe he’d forgotten and they’d gotten mixed up in the laundry. Except, no, his jeans are all clean and put away in his dresser, and surely he’d have noticed his keys when he was folding.
“I thought you’d be - I was so sure - that you would be happy.” Cas says, thinking of the incandescent joy he felt in that moment, the clarity of purpose. “You would grieve for a time, but I was giving you that chance, that opportunity to go on and have the life you wanted, free of Chuck’s machinations. And I hoped, I
“Consider for a moment. If the Impala was like other 1967 Impalas in every way, except that it occasionally spewed rainbows from its tailpipe instead of exhaust. While that would be delightful -”
“Ms. Hanscum-Mills, you forget yourself,” Dean chides, nudging her. She looks damn good, like always. “Speaking of hot spouses, where’s your wife?”
It’s taken some getting used to, the whole part-human, part-angel thing. Cas is aging alongside him, the wrinkles at the corners of his eyes deepening and rogue silver hairs appearing at his temples. He sleeps now too, curling an arm around Dean’s middle every night and breathing against the back of his neck. Dean is so goddamn grateful for all of it.
“Fuck, Cas,” he says, grinding where it’s best, where it’s perfect. He nearly brings himself off, everything climbing toward orgasm, before he reins it in at the last moment. He does it again, and again, riding the high to the top of the incline and back down until his thighs are shaking. Keeping his eyes off Cas' face is the only thing that saves him from coming before he means to, a lesson learned with practice. Cas has seen stars take shape and still looks at Dean like he’s the one who put them there whenever they're together like this. How can Dean expect his brain to cope with that, let alone his dick?
. Someone who can’t be there. A familiar hand reaches forward, and the world disappears for one disorienting moment, and then he registers the feeling of his feet on steady ground instead of the floor of a shaking roller coaster car. He nearly flat falls on his ass, stumbling and then bracing himself against the edge of a table just before he hits the dirt.
Dean flips on the turn signal to avoid a stalled pickup truck in the middle lane. Poor bastard. 8:00 AM on a Sunday and the traffic is still god-awful.
“So anyway, like I was saying, Muhammad ibn Musa al-Khwarizmi was a gifted polymath. His lyrical descriptions of polynomial equations...”
“Dude, what are you wearing?” Dean asks, mouth quirked as he takes in Cas’ ensemble. Sam is suspiciously quiet in the backseat.
“What?” Sure, there’s an overstuffed, leather La-Z-Boy he’s had his eye on at the furniture shop in Smith Center, but a vacation?
“Oh. Right. Based on the condition of the dust atop the gravel driveway, I am confident that the homeowner has been absent for at least three weeks. So I don’t think there is any significant risk for a violent human encounter.”
“That was unusual, you’re right,” Cas interjects. “I wouldn’t go so far as to call it punishment, but I think it may have been a small act of negative reinforcement. You should step more carefully in the future.”
Dean thinks of a roller coaster, a centenarian behind the wheel of a Buick, Sam plucked from the sky.
The credits roll, and Dean stands, hands stretched above his head until his spine pops. Cas ignores the inch of skin that shows. He ignores it very determinedly.
“Of course,” Dean says. Because honestly, he’s done a lot weirder things for people he cares a lot less about.
“I’m sitting right here, and I can watch myself,” Jack says, offended. “I was actually thinking about enrolling in a few classes at the community college, not that anyone asked what
Dean shivers, pulling Cas closer still. “Uh, does a mindmeld with an angel usually come with a free space heater?”
When he returns to the den, he sees Cas has constructed a makeshift bed out of couch cushions and an assortment of quilts and crocheted blankets, his black hair sticking out from beneath something embroidered with roses. Dean drains his glass, then clicks off the flashlight before pulling back the edge of the quilt and sliding in beside an already-sleeping Cas.
Cas pushes down the bone-deep worry that springs to mind, that Dean is angling for him to make other plans, plans that take him away from him, away from the bunker.
“Two, actually,” Cas says, flipping his hand over and pushing Dean’s shirt sleeve up to his elbow before working at the muscles of his forearm with both hands.
Dean points out a stack of plywood sheeting in the corner. “Couldn’t we brace these panels against the trellises, like a lean-to, and -”
"I'm very good with knives and blades of all kinds, Dean, and we are decidedly well-stocked in that department."
“I don’t know, man. But why do I feel like the plants just said, ‘aw, shucks’? It sorta looks like they're blushing.”
Dean shakes his head, but decides to let it go. Cas turns the question back on him, and Dean gives the only answer he can. Sam.
“Uh.” Dean takes a long pull of his beer. Where to fucking begin. “Alright, and we’re setting aside all the obvious butterfly effect shit?”
Dean pictures it, the two of them in their best fake-FBI suits, standing in front of the nine or so people they like who are still alive. Promising to honor and love each other for the rest of their days. Who needs that? Except maybe...he needs that.
"That does sound delicious,” Cas says with a resigned huff. “I think the garden favors you. That should surprise no one - you’ve mended more than one broken thing.”
With his dick trapped between their stomachs and Cas somehow getting even harder inside him, he gets a little closer to shooting off every time he moves. He’s not alone.
Dean can practically feel the weight of the mallet in his hand as he’d pounded dents the size of dinner plates out of the Impala’s exterior. “Okay. Sure, maybe I fixed the car, but -”
“I don’t know, I’m still working on remembering I’m awake?” Dean says, voice gone frayed. “Reminding myself I’m not dreaming this. Except this wouldn’t be a dream I’d have. My dreams are usually a little more... yeah. You already know all about that. Think I might be a little hysterical. No big deal.”
“Ballpoint, then. Something nice,” Sam says with a decisive nod, steepling his fingers together. “Let me see what you’ve found so far.”
Dean awakens to the buzzing of his phone on the nightstand. He bats at it ineffectually, willing the noise to go away. It stops for a moment before starting up again, somehow louder and more annoying. He answers.
“You might perceive the connection as heat-generating. That’s not surprising, though I’ve never heard of it before. Angels do run at a significantly higher core body temperature than humans, even while occupying a vessel.”
Once he’s sure Cas has had as much as he can take and his own patience is at its limit, Dean sits up. He sets his palm on Cas’ chest to feel the strong thud of his heartbeat, working harder now.
“It would have been worth it,” Cas says with a shrug, like the possible end of the world is no big thing.
Cas hands the bottle from the condiment caddy across the table to him. Dean drizzles what seems like an appropriate amount across his bowl. He groans when he takes another messy bite.
“There’s nothing ordinary about a good man,” Cas says plainly. “But take away the lineage of vessels, Azazel’s machinations, Chuck’s grand story -”
“Alright,” Dean says, sitting down on the side of the bed while Cas pulls up an armchair. He still feels a little tight and staticky in his head at how close Cas is, a buzzing in his head at the potential of it. Cas sets a hand on his knee, gentle.
“You wanna talk to Jody too? She and Donna are doing normal mom shit and playing Scrabble or something. I can go get her.”
"Time to go save a monster?" Dean asks after the moment stretches out past the point of plausible deniability. Just two guys looking for rare orchids on a nature walk, standing real close together.
Cas drifts to sleep somewhere around Portsmouth, barely noticing when the bus gets significantly more crowded on the outskirts of Boston. He’s aware someone is seated beside him, but his head is heavy, his body tired, and it’s not as if he has anything worth stealing. He sleeps, letting the whir of conversation and passing cars set him adrift.
“Oh. It’s....it’s alright," Dean hedges. "Anyway though, what does cooking have to do with Sandra Bullock?”
“But I would like to make one modification to the question. You’re not allowed to argue with what I consider to be one of your positive characteristics. If you do, you’ll earn another compliment, with interest. Understood?”
Cas smiles. Beams, really. "I just - have you met a cow? In person? They're delightful. Their eyes alone..."
“And that’s not...normal,” Dean says, looking down mournfully on the fruit he was really fucking looking forward to eating.
“Would you interpret the rapid maturation of tomato fruit as a confirmatory sign?” Cas asks, tracing a fingertip over one.
Dean manhandles him onto his back, and Cas doesn’t realize his legs are shaking until he tries to get them to cooperate with the effort of rearranging their positions. He has to entirely rely on Dean’s guiding hands to get his knees up and around his waist, Dean’s dick slotting into place along his hip as they grind together. They kiss, and it’s artless and mostly teeth and tongue.
“Fuck, I’m gonna make such a good pie out of those berries,” Dean says dreamily as Cas kisses up the side of his neck, hands slipping just under the back of his shirt.
“Did you know I have a text chain with Jody and the girls? Sam’s not on it. We...we’ve been doing a group watch of Orphan Black. So that’s pretty warm, I think.”
Dean opens his eyes in time to see Sam smile like a fucking lunatic as he drops out of the plane door. Dean screams loud enough for both of them. He presses his face to the glass of his window to watch Sam freefall, and catches a glimpse of a tan trench coat and a shock of dark hair for no more than a second before Sam vanishes from view.
“I did actually check, once. Out of curiosity. A neighboring dimension, one where you were still born in Kansas to Mary and John. No matter the universe, they were poorly suited for one another. In this particular iteration, they divorced when you were six. You spent most of your childhood with your mother and your brother, and the occasional weekend with your father. You had friends, did well in school -”
He’s forwarded the last six or seven hunts to people who don’t remember the Clinton administration, and it’s starting to sink in. He’s out. For good this time. "I meant it. What the hell, let’s go to the beach."
“Man, I gotta - let me get you something of mine out of the trunk. We’ll find a gas station and you can swap out. You look like a butch Ariel who just got her legs from the sea witch."
The waitress chooses that moment to refill their water glasses, seemingly nonplussed at what Dean just said.
“Wait, you?” Dean says, surprised. “Give me context here, when you’re ordering burgers at a drive thru?”
Dean finally, finally feels the blunt head of Cas’ dick against him, hotter than his fingers even through the condom and thicker too when it presses inside.
Cas huffs. "I already explained to you the havoc a single rabbit can wreak upon tender crops. And they were fox urine extract pellets, not 'dog piss,'" Cas adds with air quotes. "The impulse to nurture something. Take care of it. Like the way you insist on feeding Sam, Jack, and me so well. Or why you have a calendar alert set for Jody’s birthday.”
He wears out targets in the firing range for an hour (fun), goes for a walk (overrated), and tries to convince himself that raw, unsalted almonds are as good of an afternoon snack as a bag of kettle chips (pointless). Sweaty from the Kansas summer sun, he opts for a midday shower. He gets hard beneath the steady water pressure—first time that’s happened in longer than he wants to think about. He doesn’t do anything with it, but just knowing that he could feels significant. His body doesn’t feel like it belongs to someone else.
On the flat roof of the bunker, between wood-framed garden beds that Dean had helped to build, Cas is trying to explain the pros and cons of various tomato trellis designs. At length. Something about rope training, which takes Dean’s mind in a direction entirely unrelated to gardening. It’s around the seven minute mark when Dean realizes something.
Dean nods. Cas lifts his hand to Dean’s face, and Dean fights to stay still for it as Cas ghosts his thumb across his cheek. Cas’ fingers drift to the curve of his jaw. Dean swallows, mouth dry. He realizes he’s got one hand still on the steering wheel, the other gripping the meat of his own thigh as Cas traces featherlight over the shell of his ear and then behind, into his hair. He tugs Dean forward, tipping his face down until he’s pressing a kiss to his forehead.
"Thanks, I guess. You hungry, by the way? I picked up some charcoal when we were in town, thought I could grill some kebabs tonight. Do you think Sam would notice if I stole some saffron from his witchy magic supplies, for a little pilaf? I don't think we're going to be summoning any desert spirits for a while anyway, so he doesn't need it."
Inside, Dean calls for Sam, but the lack of response is enough of an explanation - he and Eileen must have taken a more scenic route home. Cas smiles and catches the same expression on Dean’s face. Sam and Eileen deserve one another, along with the time and requisite lack of apocalypses to see it through.
“That’s good, you should. Enjoy things, I mean.” Dean rubs at the back of his neck, hot under the late May sunshine.
“Can you gather any tarps we have? And stakes. As many as possible,” Cas says, pulling Dean toward the garage.
Cas is swearing and gasping and being all kinds of flattering, his hands petting at Dean’s hair, his shoulders. There are some ‘I love you’s’ mixed in with what sounds like epic poetry or more biblical references. It’s frankly hard to say, when all Dean can think about is how damn good it feels to make Cas feel this good. It’s been a while since he’s done this - more than a while - but it’s like riding a bike. He hasn’t forgotten how to ease off when he feels Cas’ cock jerk against his tongue, how to press the head against the back of his throat and swallow. That gets him Cas’ nails, scratching at his back, and Dean smiles around a mouthful of dick.
“What Dean is trying to say is he left the Impala on the side of a less than ideal frontage road and hotwired this fine piece of machinery instead,” Sam says, with a grin. “We were in a bit of a rush, weren’t we, Dean?”
Dean nods, gaze sliding away to the side, and Cas is an idiot, a fucking disaster for putting that look on his face. But he can’t regret it.
Dean is listening, he is. But he’s also following the fascinating journey of a bead of sweat that is traveling down Cas’ neck to the loose collar of his t-shirt.
“Beeswax hand salve. I bought it from a very friendly apiarist at the Lebanon Farmers Market this summer. He gave me two jars for the price of one.”
“Okay, alright. Sounds stupid when you say it like that. Just, don’t think I don’t understand what you’re giving up.”
“Not really shooting for ‘happy.’ Best I can do is ‘alive,”’ Dean says, grimacing around a sip of unsweetened black tea. Awful stuff. Worse than water, and that’s saying something.
Jody claps a hand on Carl’s shoulder. “I think my pal here could use a drink.” She fishes her keys out of her pocket and lobs them over to Sam. “You boys sit tight for a minute, alright? I’ll be back in a few.”
“Fair enough. Well, you already have me, and buying you a recliner is an attainable goal,” Cas says, ticking each off on his fingers. “And we should go to the beach.”
Cas lifts his hands up. "Okay, alright. For the heroism you displayed tonight, I’ll reward you when we arrive at the motel.”
“You’re thinking of a birthday party. For a six year old,” Dean says. Most honestly, a bounce house sounds kind of fun, but he keeps that to himself. They’re probably not weight-rated to support four fully grown men anyway. “But cake, definitely.”
“Aren’t you always telling me about the importance of oral hygiene?” Dean says around a mouthful of toothpaste.
Dean relaxes back into the pillows as much as he can, and gets an easy rhythm going with his grip on Cas’ ass, forward and back. The world narrows down to just this, and Dean’s head is gloriously empty. There’s nothing but the weight of Cas in his mouth, the occasional bitter taste of pre-come, the flex of Cas’ muscles under his hands as he feels Cas gradually lose his inhibition and finally, finally fuck him like he wants.
He encourages Dean to roll over, and Dean keeps his eyes tightly shut as Cas works his way down from his neck to the thin skin over his ribs and on lower, past scars and ticklish spots that make Dean take quick, shuddering breaths.
“Is it Cas?” she says, her voice gone tight and thin. Dean knows that voice, the managed expectations it contains.
just happened. Nothing. His fingers are shaking as he pulls his cell from his jeans pocket, thumbing over Sam’s contact and waiting for the ring. He leans his head back against the wall and breathes, the world spinning.
“‘How close and warm is your family? Do you feel your childhood was happier than most other people’s?’”
“I simply mean in the technical sense of the word,” Cas says casually, like this is an empirical assessment rather than a compliment. “Surely you’ve noticed your effect on people.”
"Dean, look at me." Dean does, and it's written all over Cas' face that he's trying to make a thousand decisions at once. “I’m going to try communicating this a different way. You said - you said we’re trying something out, right?”
“You don’t have to stick around for it,” he makes himself say, rather than something embarrassing like the truth:
“So, uh.” He fidgets in his chair. Why the fuck is he nervous? He’s either 41 or 81 years old, depending on who you ask. So what, he wants to live in sin with his boyfriend. Who’s still around to care? God never did, and Dad isn’t here. “Me n’ Cas have some news."
“What the fuck is going on. You think the other angels—” Dean cuts himself off, realizing that they've still got a civilian within earshot who doesn’t need to have his world shaken any more than it already has been today. "Hey Carl, thanks for the ride, man. We owe you."
“What the hell, Dean?” she asks when he taps on her shoulder. “Aren’t you supposed to be—” She points up at the ride.
“The misiginebig is a proud creature. It won’t ride in a box meant for -” Cas eyes the picture on the side skeptically, “Telescopes and golfing equipment.”
So many places he needs to kiss. His last rib, the center of his sternum, the crook of his arm. Dean holds still, just breathing. That is, until Cas skips over his groin entirely in order to weave a rambling path down the inside of his thigh to his knee, to the inside of his ankle. That bit of malfeasance earns a groan, but Dean doesn’t rush him. Which is good, because it seems a little early in this phase of their relationship to be considering tying Dean to his bed and doing this for hours.
“I can still take care of you in human ways,” Cas says quietly, by way of explanation. “I...need to do that at least, if you’ll let me.”
“No, I’m not mad, fuck, why would I be mad at you for fixing stuff, for - for fucking cleaning up?” He rubs at the space between his eyebrows and takes a long, slow breath. “I might be a little mad. It’s stupid.”
Dean swivels in his chair to look across the table. He’d forgotten they had company. “So yeah, Jack. To answer your question, no harm done other than the occasional sting from an evil bee.”
Sam asks if he wants to read the spell, but the deference is unnecessary. Dean already knows how this is going to go. If Sam is similarly pessimistic, it doesn’t show. With his eyes closed, he gives each memorized word of the spell the weight it deserves, more confident with the Latin and Enochian than Dean is ever going to be.
“Ah, yes. My expressions of friendship were a little off-kilter then. The intent was affectionate, I can assure you.”
As if there’s anywhere else he’d rather be. He tries to take a few steadying breaths as Dean roots through a drawer, its contents rattling. Dean climbs back into bed behind him, then there’s the click of a lid and the sound of what must be Dean slicking up his dick. When he pushes between Cas’ thighs now, the friction is less and the slide smoother, and Dean seems
Dean laughs, knocks his knee against Cas’ in silent apology for bogarting the cookies. “Anyway. Sam, too. We’re - I don’t know. it’s different than it used to be. Warmer, I think. Less fighting about life and death shit. Now it’s just empty threats about serving him medium-rare burgers in punishment for him suggesting we add bluetooth speakers to Baby.”
Cas fights back the urge to insist that he doesn’t, that there’s nothing he needs to hear from Dean. But maybe this isn’t actually about him, maybe Dean has things he needs to say for himself.
Dean can feel that his face is doing something really stupid right about now, so he swipes Sam’s plate right out from under his toast and turns to wash it at the sink for something to do with his hands.
Cas feels warmth spreading from somewhere deep in his chest. It feels better than he might normally admit to himself, to hear the urgency in their voices.
He takes slow breaths, in through his nose and out through his mouth, until the hot static in his brain settles enough for him to form words.
Things start showing up in the pantry. First, it barely registers. An expensive-looking jar of preserved lemons. A bottle of olive oil with actual Italian on the label. But then there’s a small tub of gojuchang in the cupboard, Irish butter in the fridge, sea salt flakes in the spice drawer.
Cas directs Dean to drive them to a bend in the river, just past some baseball fields and a playground. Underneath the adjacent highway overpass, Cas wades knee-deep into the river as Dean protests loudly from the rocky shore. He crouches down low, trench coat flaring out behind him on the surface of the water, and murmurs something Dean can’t hear.
tired, and instead of sleeping, he’s having this conversation, again. Insomnia would have been preferable. Or he could go back to cleaning. He adds probably too much honey to his tea.
“What I had in mind was significantly more mundane. No hidden temples, sacred oils, or group sex, I’m afraid. I don’t want to bore you.”
“Yeah. I mean, no - not with anyone else, I mean. Just, uh. Alone. Never got further than...that other stuff...with another guy.”
Cas stands uselessly to the side and observes as Dean goes through the motions. He talks to the car sometimes, apologizes more than once, and pats the frame like the Impala is a spooked horse in a storm rather than a feat of elegant engineering. Cas watches as Dean’s thumb worries over what looks like an actual scratch in the finish next to the driver’s side door, muttering curses and what sounds like a promise for better days ahead.
“Pickings are kind of slim around here,” Deans says. “Not really feeling like bingo night at the VFW.”
Dean holds his hands up in defeat. “Alright, I’m convinced. Gimme the burger, the ‘I Am Magical.’ I’ll shout that dumbass name from the rooftops. I’m ready.”
Cas’ shoulders drop. “You don’t like it. That’s okay. I think they have some local beers as well. Kombucha too, of course.”
That fucking feeling again. He catches a flash of blue eyes and gets the barest brush of a too-familiar touch to his forehead and then he’s stumbling into the brick alleyway wall thirty yards away from where he could’ve sworn he just was. He does a full 360 turn, looking up and down the alley for any evidence of what just happened, of
In one of the supply closets, he finds a heavy, steel-handled broom and dust pan. He starts in the hall, making several neat piles of debris before moving into the room itself. He takes his time, his mind occupied with replaying the memory of what happened here. The methodical nature of the task is soothing, a bit perverse perhaps given that he’s cleaning up the site of his own most recent death.
and for some reason he isn’t riding it. His hands are clumsy and uncoordinated when he goes to tie and retie the anchor rope, but he gets it done eventually. Cas hums whenever his hands brush his overheated skin, like he’s touch-starved after three minutes spent not inside him. Dean presses a kiss to the inside of his ankle before he moves to the head of the bed to work on the other set of restraints.
Cas makes no move to get up right away, in the fingertip-buzzing aftermath. Dean would appear to be asleep, for all his breathing has gone slow and even as he lies tucked against Cas’ body. The only indication he is awake are the fingers he’s using to trace through the combined mess on Cas’ stomach. He weaves a cooling path along Cas’ ribs, around each nipple, drawing circles and spirals and what feels suspiciously like minor spellwork.
“Hey, Cas,” Sam says warmly. Cas loves him. “Man, still can’t believe you’re - how’s the ride going?”
Cas sits back on his heels, and Dean feels the loss of his tongue with a swoop in his gut. Cas’ eyes travel over him as he gets his belt off, then pops the button, lowers the zipper so slow Dean’s gonna stroke out before he sees Cas’ dick.
Cas nods, and after Dean packs up the tools, they settle back into their seats. Dean smiles, running gentle hands over the dash like he’s relearning it. Cas feels guilty. What if something worse had happened, the Impala damaged, or god-forbid, stolen. All because Dean had felt enough of an obligatory impetus that didn’t allow for a thirty minute pit stop.
He’s pouring his heart out to a Gen Z kid, and he’s in love with the guy who looks like her long-dead father. It’s a mess, is what it is, and yet, he’s wiping his eyes and feeling more unburdened than he has in...god, awhile.
“I know, I know. Anyway. Mom and me, I don’t think we ever quite found our footing, on round two. Maybe there’s something unnatural about a relationship that skips 35 years on one side and not a second on the other. I didn’t give her enough credit for how weird that would be, trying to be a friend, parent, whatever to two full-grown men when your last memory of them involved diapers and learning the alphabet.”
“You’re the most quietly conscientious person I’ve ever known,” Cas says, eyes scanning over Dean’s face for his reaction.
“Alright, alright. Brain, I guess. I’ve sure as shit seen enough of mindless muscle. What about you?”
First on the agenda - a berry buckle. Or a clafoutis. A crisp, maybe? They’re going to need more fruit. And a tart pan, springform, and bundt. The Men of Letters kitchen is sorely lacking in bakeware.
“Well, that was a bust,” Dean says, kicking a loose rock out of his way with more force than probably necessary, sending it flying into the field.
“Holy shit, I’m an asshole. You thought I was going to step up, and instead I took you to that cathouse. Blew $80 when we could’ve just -”
The waitress returns, and Cas asks Dean to order on his behalf. She smiles at them like she’s picked up on something, and hell, of course she has. They’re not exactly being subtle here with their hands still linked on the tabletop.
“I can drive. I’ll see you at home,” Dean says, trying to give the words an air of finality. He’s suddenly way too tired for an argument.
“You’re gentler than you realize, or will readily admit," Cas says, standing and turning toward him again. "You like this, living here. All of us, together."
Hyacinth returns, setting two tall glasses on the table and giving them a totally unnecessary little bow before leaving.
“Uh.” Dean scrubs at whatever fuckery is on his face - he’s not crying. Absolutely not. It's just been a while. Since he's been touched. That's all.
“I googled our destination this morning,” Cas says, breezing past the awkwardness or, more likely, not noticing it at all. “It looks as though there isn’t a motel within a hundred miles. Should I pack the tent?”
“I’m pretty sure it is,” he says as he fills their mugs, one with a cartoon sunrise Cas remembers buying at a gas station somewhere in New Mexico, and the other clearly pilfered from an IHOP.
"You experience gratification from being pleasing to others,” Cas says simply in response to the unasked question, eyes roving from his hands down his body like a physical touch. "Don't be embarrassed - it's a feature, not a bug. So I thought you might like me to be very clear with you about what would please me.”
Letting his head drop onto the back of the couch, Dean closes his eyes as Cas slowly works the buttons of his shirt open. Lightning flashes behind his eyelids, and he feels Cas settle on the floor between his knees. Cas’ hands are at his belt, sliding it through the loops slow enough that Dean’s skin comes alive with it. He lifts his hips without being asked, for Cas to shimmy his jeans down his legs and off.
Dean swallows hard at that, and he wishes there was some space between them for this conversation, or better yet, no space at all. Fuck it, plausible deniability is well out the window anyway. He shimmies a leg between Cas’, keeping their hips a couple inches apart. This would sure be a fuckall lot better without clothes, but Dean will take what he can get. Anything to get a little closer.
For his part, Dean’s doing his best just to keep up and remember to breathe, with Cas’ mouth slow on his. As if they’re in no rush, nowhere else they need to be. And for once in Dean’s miserable life, there isn’t. He can just be here, kissing Cas.
He doesn’t realize his teeth are sunk into where Cas’ neck meets his shoulder until the aftershocks hit, and he kisses over the bruise in apology, kissing up Cas’ neck until he finds his mouth again. He slowly realizes that the trembling he feels isn’t coming from just his own poor, overtaxed muscles and bone.
Dean thinks of the quiet boy from that lake hunt all those years ago, he thinks of Ben before everything went to hell. That poor shifter baby, the kid at Sonny’s. Huh.
“If you Google the New York Times and ‘The 36 Questions that -” Cas trails off in an indecipherable mutter.
Cas settles on the bed next to him, gentling a hand at his side like Dean’s about to run off. As if.
Cas demonstrates the accuracy of this assessment when he pushes both hands into Dean’s hips, forcing a groan Dean definitely didn’t intend to let out.
“As someone deeply invested in your continued well-being, I’m very glad to hear that. You deserve peace, up to and including the end.”
“Just texted you a photo. I did a jump, last spring—Alex and me. You know I’d never put that girl in danger.” In the photo, Alex and Jody have their arms around one another in front of the propeller of a parked plane, windswept hair and smiles lighting up both their faces. “And...I already talked to Sam. He’s on board.”
“You can ask me stuff, too,” Dean says, reaching across the table to steal a rogue olive off of Cas’ plate. “Anything.”
Is he sure about that though? If it’d mean Cas walking the earth again? Fuck it, he’ll jump out of a hundred planes. When it comes down to it, he’ll trek through hell, join Sam’s hot yoga class, drive a hybrid. Whatever it takes.
Cas’ hands move to Dean’s ass, encouraging him up until Cas has enough room to get Dean out of his jeans, out of his boxers, and just like that, Cas is taking the entirety of his dick inside his mouth. Dean could cry, he might be already. Or maybe he hasn’t stopped. Cas sucks like he’s made for it, tight and wet and humming. Dean, for his part, is a mess, hips rocking to meet Cas’ mouth on every hot, slow slide. He’s taking his time and it’s still too fast, Dean’s heart pounding so hard he can feel it in his ears.
“Alright. Let’s see.” Cas carefully cleans his fingers with the wet wipes thoughtfully included with their trough of assorted meats and sides before pulling out his phone. “Would you like me to answer first, to give you a chance to eat? The food really is fantastic, Dean. I especially recommend the ‘Eat My Ash’ sauce. The smokiness really compliments the -”
Cas had said. So Dean had improvised with the detachable strap from his duffle and Cas’ tie and got to work. In more ways than one.
The sound of sensible shoes on the tile floor, the trademark swish of a coat. In a display of spot-on service industry intuition, the waitress makes herself scarce behind the counter. Then, across from him, Cas sits down, and he smiles. He never did enough of that before. Dean is going to see to it personally that he has more reasons to.
“We’re about a quarter mile from shore. I’m afraid this was as close as I could get us without venturing onto private property,” Cas says. "Given the widespread gun ownership in this county..."
“‘When did you last cry in front of another person?’” Cas asks, pressing his legs further open and mouthing at his thighs as he works a second finger in beside the first, slick and painless.
“You can go on and take a seat anywhere. I’ll be with ya in just a second,” she says to the newcomer.
, that he has learned to quietly manage over the years. The difference now is that Dean knows too, and probably needs time and privacy to adjust. When they’re on steadier footing with one another (and he prays to a version of god that never existed that they find that footing soon), the simple proximity that comes from sharing a home won’t be so fraught. But until then, a shower can wait until the morning.
But it doesn’t. The misiginebig climbs up onto the muddy embankment, and Cas gestures Dean forward. He approaches, holding out the blanket he’d soaked through in the bathroom next to the baseball diamond. Cas lays it down flat on the ground, and murmurs something to the creature. It walks obediently onto the center of the blanket, curling its tail around itself like a giant (and gross) cat.
. Forgive me for not getting spooked when I had ten grand of safety equipment strapped to my body. Carl really does run a tight ship. You should see his Yelp reviews. And his FAA inspection reports.”
“I think I’d like to grow tomatoes,” he answers honestly. “And something called ‘heirloom squash,’ maybe. There are the cleverest irrigation systems, raised beds,
Dean reaches blindly for Cas, trying to tug him down with uncooperative limbs and failing in the effort. Cas takes mercy on him and helps, rearranging Dean’s arms and legs until they can both fit as well as a full size bed is ever going to let two six-foot-something men fit. After Cas pulls the scratchy sheets and violently pastel comforter over them both, Dean curls around him, his head on Cas’ chest and the steady thud of Cas’ heartbeat under his ear.
"Pretty sure there were other reasons," Sam says, haughtily. Dean shoots him a look. "What? The dentist's waiting room had People magazine."
Dean drags both hands under Cas’ arms and pulls. Cas goes, laughing, until his full weight is settled over Dean’s chest again and he’s kissing at the corner of his mouth, his bridge of his nose, the shell of his left ear. It’s stupid and fun and kind of gross - there’s a lot of as-yet not-dealt-with come to be accounted for after all, but Dean doesn’t care. Doesn’t care at all. Instead, he’s hooking an ankle around Cas’ ass and imagining what next time will feel like. He’s gonna get Cas inside him. It’s gonna be so good.
Cas rises to his knees, fucking his fingers into Dean and fucking his own fist. They’re looking into each other’s eyes, and it’s never been like this, never been this good or this close or this (oh, god)
“You remember what it was like last time I—last time we lost him.” His fist bloodied against the backdoor to a fast food joint, an abandoned hospital full of ghosts and a too-casual trip to visit Death with the thin excuse of doing it for a case.
“Thank you, Dean. The motel is just up ahead, past the Hardees with the burnt-out sign. Okay, next. You’re beautiful.”
“Fiiiine,” Dean says, inelegantly scooting beneath the blankets, where he can immediately feel Cas’ body heat. Fantastic. Not a problem, not in the least.
Cas chooses a table near the front, startlingly bright sunlight streaming in through the floor-to-ceiling windows. Speakers shaped like pineapples are playing music that Dean knows in his very soul that Sam likes. Ugh.
"So. What weapons do you think we'll be needing for our mission tonight?" Dean asks, teasing. Cas waits a beat longer to answer than Dean is totally comfortable with.
He’s soaked through and shivering when he says, “It won’t happen again. Its usual diet consists entirely of Lake Michigan sturgeon hearts. It’s a simple matter of getting lost in unfamiliar terrain.”
“Yeah, we’re good,” Sam says. “Jack too. Amara took out Chuck, with a little help from Jack and Michael. Then she took off for Venus. Something about better hot springs.”
“These really are quite soft,” Cas says. “We should get one for the bunker. Or a few. It does get drafty in the winter months.”
“Well, I sure as shit didn’t pray to a god. Any of them. But yeah, I kinda... thought things. In your direction.”
“For fuck’s sake,” Dean says, coming to a too-quick stop at a red light. He pets at the steering wheel in apology to Baby.
“Two birds, one stone. I’m fully capable of praising your merits at the same time. You said no one has done this for you in quite some time.”
Dean is in way, way over his head here. He’s free diving without supplemental oxygen, and the challenge in Cas’ expression tells him he’s not getting out of this easily.
“I’ll call you. And Dean?” A beat of silence, as he waits for her to continue. “I’m sorry. I know—I mean. Not to put you on the spot. Everybody’s got their own timeline, and that’s fine, it’s just—”
“Hey, I’ve got an idea,” Jody says, jumping right past any small talk or any awkwardness. Or maybe it just isn’t awkward, at least not to her. “Do we know for sure that you’re the only one Cas is saving?”
“Do you need a babysitter?” Sam asks, not unkindly. The question sounds glib, but Dean knows better.
“Right, common knowledge,” Dean quips, grinding back into him. “Keep talkin’ dirty about Catholicism, baby.”
Cas is there, under a streetlamp in Nowhere, Ohio. Impossibly alive. He shows Cas everything he felt then; a comprehensive tour of his relief, hope, and overwhelmed joy. As well as what he’d wanted to do if Sam hadn’t been standing next to him.
They make their excuses to Sam and Jack, earning a highly sarcastic eye roll from Sam. Dean’s fingers are laced with Cas’ as they make their way down the bunker’s long hallway to Dean’s room. Or, as it’s been for the last couple months,
“That wasn’t a compliment. The compliment is that you are capable of receiving tenderness, even after all you’ve endured.”
Cas squats down next to the garden bed to twist a length of twine around the stalk of one of the plants, careful fingers pulling it gently upright. He wipes his hands on his jeans - pilfered from Dean, if the way they fit his ass is any indication. Not that Dean noticed. He just isn't...
“What’re you looking for?” Sam asks, around a mouthful of those awful root vegetable chips he always insists on getting at the only health food store within 200 miles.
He’s white-knuckling the seat bar and bracing for the lurch of gravity when he sees something impossible on the maintenance platform, just for a second. He sees
“A serial killer on the FBI’s most wanted list, yeah," Dean says with a cringe. Not his finest hour.
“Just getting the lube. Calm down,” Dean says with a huff of a laugh, and it’s not unkind, it’s the opposite - warm and humored and happy, and Cas made him that way.
“And with members of small town law enforcement, fairies, sprites, demons, angels, assorted monsters and lesser deities. Not to mention, a sizable percentage of human men.”
If this was any other night in any other motel they’ve been in together during the last decade, Dean would be flipping on the tv from the double bed closest to the door or calling dibs on the shower. Instead, he lets Cas press him against the faded wallpaper and kiss him until the sun sets and the room slides into darkness.
Down two flights of stairs and around several corners and then he’s standing in front of the busted up door to the room where everything changed. He wonders if Dean has returned here, since that night. The scattered wood splinters and paint chips would point to ‘no.’ He runs his fingers along a scratch in the wall, from Billie’s scythe, he assumes. Dean shouldn’t have to see this place, not like this.
“But you could come visit when it’s not life and death, you gotta know that. We—I—we’d all love to see you.” He’s stupid, so stupid. “Weird thing, Jack’s not answering prayers either. You know anything about that? Why am I even asking.” He unfolds his hands and sits back on his heels. The formalities of prayer never seemed to matter much, anyway.
"Uh, come again?" Dean says, only just avoiding spitting out his coffee. "And hate to break it to you, but we've both already got warrants out for multiple felonies, so..."
Sam pulls him into a hug. Ridiculously tight. Dean gives as good as he gets, thumping a hand on Sam’s back. Jack joins in, wrapping his arms around them both. It’s sweet and weird and very on-brand for their off-beat family.
It’s his second of the evening. Sam didn’t even make it through ‘We are gathered together today’ before the first tear broke free. Dean knew he shouldn’t have asked him to officiate, but no one else was qualified. No one knew the way he and Cas had fought for each other, fought
“I’ve waited longer for less,” Cas says honestly as he watches Dean hold the door for someone with a smile, two precariously balanced coffees in one hand and a bag in the other. He thinks of icebergs carving canyons into ancient plains. Primordial animals crawling out of the sea. He can wait.
“It wasn’t like that - there were insurance issues. My powers to heal weren’t fully intact at first. Your country’s healthcare system...she had a guest room. With a very comfortable futon.”
There’s a bus ticket waiting for him in Bar Harbor. He cups his hands at the bathroom sink in the transit station, drinking in the water. Food is going to be a little more of a challenge. Dean and Sam drive fast, but he’s not looking forward to a day or two with nothing to eat.
After all is said and done, Cas comes back. Because of course he does. He had to, or Dean wouldn't have - he
“Really? Like what?” Dean asks, genuinely curious. Life is different now, in this post-God world. They all have a little more time on their hands. The other day, he’d caught Sam
“Alright, mission accomplished,” Dean says, balling up the blanket and stuffing it in one of the trash bags they always keep stocked in the trunk of the car. “But it’s 10:00 PM in fuckin’ Nowhere, Michigan. What do you want to do now?”
Like many of Dean’s adolescent stories, it’s heavily tinged with equal parts Winchester resilience and parental neglect.
After scraping up the last of the house-made ketchup with a perfectly cooked yuca fry, Dean asks. “Okay, where are we going next?”
“Given my choice to relinquish limitless access to grace - the angelic equivalent of a human 30 year old’s physical form, I suppose - my answer should be obvious.”
Cas’ fingers move to the buttons of his shirt, and Dean looks away, leaning down to untie his own boots. He hears the clink of Cas’ belt dropping to the floor, and the swish of the cheap comforter being pulled back as Cas gets in. Only when he thinks it’s safe does Dean look up again, to see Cas eyeing him from where he’s sprawled out against the pillows.
“Nice. But someone’s gotta watch the place though, right? And Jack?” The kid is three, after all. He’s burned cereal.
The last of the clothes come off, the bed covers pulled back. At Dean’s shivering encouragement, Cas spends as much time as he wants studying all that has been newly revealed. He turns Dean over and sits on the back of his thighs in order to catalog the freckles on his back, following the planes of muscle and knobs of bone with careful fingers until he has this all memorized, again. Or for the first time. Much has changed since Cas rebuilt this body from nothing.
“I...get that,” Dean says. “I’m not who I used to be either. But I think...I’m fine with who I am now. Or at least, closer to that.”
“Hey, that’s not...” Dean starts to deny on principle before thinking better of it. It’s not like he can lie convincingly to Cas anyway. “Well, actually, that’s fair.”
The first thing they take care of is the family of raccoons - a job and a half. Every night since then, they fall into a tired heap on an air mattress in the loft after a long day’s work. The first time they try to fuck on it, the mattress keeps shifting underneath them until Dean ends up face-first on the floor. After that, Dean insists on building them a proper bed.
The singer is baleful and pining, and Cas notices Dean’s hands twist on the steering wheel. Cas turns the dial, landing on the local public radio station.
Dean grows restless as they cross into Illinois. His hand taps at his leg, the other restless on the steering wheel.
Dean doesn't realize he's stopped looking at the road until he registers Cas’ hand next to his on the steering wheel, keeping them from driving into oncoming traffic. Dean shakes himself and tries to focus on anything except
Sam didn’t give him the details. All he said was that it was rough, that Claire was...upset to hear about Cas. That she needed some time with it. That Kaia, Alex, and Jody would look out for her, that he and Dean didn’t need to worry. And Dean had his shit to think about, his own sorry ass to keep upright...so he didn’t worry. Claire had her people around her. He cares about the kid, for sure, but he’s a shitty excuse for a substitute parental figure.
“Under cover of nightfall, obviously. I wouldn’t want to worry the coastal community members. They have nothing to fear from the misiginebig, its traditional Algonquin name.”
For all that Cas’ cock has already been in his mouth, the sight of Cas' naked back as he roots in Dean’s bag still stops his breath for a moment. He wants to put his mouth on the knobs of Cas’ spine, drag his fingernails across the planes of muscle and bone and leave marks, a roadmap showing where he’s been.
“Cas, how the hell -” he says, before realizing that Cas isn’t next to him. Instead, Cas is across the yard, the top of his head barely visible where he’s knelt down between the rows of tomatoes.
“That’s hard, man. I usually have no damn clue what’s going on in your mind. You’re kind of a mystery - a beam of celestial intent, I think you called yourself once.”
“That can’t be right, I mean...” Dean squints at them, trying to remember if the brandywines looked that pink this morning. “Well, I’ll be damned.”
Cas sweeps his hands over Dean’s back from tailbone to shoulders, and it doesn’t feel so much like a massage as a caress. Dean feels his face heat up and blinks fast. Cas shifts backwards until he’s straddling Dean’s calves, and Dean nearly arcs off the bed when Cas starts in on the backs of Dean’s thighs, just above his knees.
The dude has the nerve to give Cas’ shoulder a slow squeeze when he gets up from his seat, and Cas’ eyes follow him as he returns to his friends around the pool table. Dean waits until the guy is out of eyeshot before sliding back onto his own stool.
Tony’s a good barber. He’s got to be pushing eighty, wearing a beat-up black apron and thick-framed tortoiseshell glasses. He asks barely any questions, and does a tidy job on Dean’s neck as the radio plays a steady stream of 1960’s pop. No fuss, no muss, except for how Dean's gonna have “Build Me Up Buttercup” in his head for the next week. When Tony's finished, Dean throws a twenty in the coffee can at the front counter for a tip—after all, who’s still charging $8.95 for a haircut in 2020? He snags a lollipop like the full-grown adult he is, futzing with the wrapper as he steps off the curb to cross the street. A car horn beeps, and he catches a glimpse of Mrs. Hastings, silver hair barely visible above the wheel of her ancient Buick. It’s cutting it a little close, but if he just jumps back—
Some of the warmth drops out of the air, replaced with a chilled, clammy breeze on the back of his neck. Dean may not be doing it on purpose, but clouds creep in across the sky from the north all the same, casting shadows on the surface of the lake.
, Jesus, as Dean licks his lips and swirls his tongue around the crown before sinking down until he’s at his limit.
"I was just going to say - Eileen and I have something we were hoping to talk to you about," Sam says, looking as shifty as Dean feels.
The answering image comes to Dean’s mind so strong and quick that he nearly misses his mouth with his coffee cup when he tries to take a drink.
“You don’t think there’s too much mustard in the marinade? I wasn’t totally sure on substituting the Dijon for the -”
Dean takes in the guy’s posture, elbow propped against the bartop, head resting on his hand. His knees are turned toward Cas, and he’s leaning in. Just like Dean would do if he was chatting up someone in any number of watering holes exactly like this across middle America. That shit
Hopefully Jack has thought of all that. Maybe he’ll get Cas a prepaid burner or something. Hell, he could even pick up more Cookie Crunch at the same time, right before he heads back to the infinite cosmos. The kid loves Cas, adores him, really. He wouldn’t leave him stranded. Not like Dean has, more than once. Fuck. God, what if Cas gets topside, takes one look at him and realizes what a goddamn piece of—wait a second.
“Exciting,” Dean says, toeing at the corner of the garden bed closest to him, wondering if he should have used stronger corner brackets.
They kiss and it's all crazy and Dean feels like he’s going to pass out, but he doesn’t. Then Cas is shooting off again between them, sucking a mark into Dean’s neck and Dean finally, finally gets to come. It feels like it lasts forever.
In Syracuse, Cas wakes as the driver announces an hour-long stop for refueling. Farhiya buys him a coffee and a pastry from a newspaper stand in the bus station, and they chat until they’re called back to the bus.
“You really are acting strangely, Dean. Is it the questionnaire? We can stop. I would never intend to cause you actual discomfort. If this is beyond your vulnerability tolerance level, I apologize.”
Eventually, he pushes gently at Cas’ chest and steers him toward the bed, slapping a lightswitch on the way so he can see where he’s going. Cas sits down on cue when the backs of his knees hit the mattress, and Dean goes a little brain-dead at having Cas at eye-level with his crotch. Cas looks up at him, throat bobbing with a hard swallow.
He’s nearly there, so close, then Cas’ hand is gone and Dean groans something he’d be embarrassed about if he wasn’t completely, totally distracted by how good Cas looks and how
Cas carefully re-folds the map, smoothing down the creases before returning it to the glovebox and giving Dean his full attention.
“The answer is simple; I didn't want to burden you with it,” Cas says after she steps away. "Your life hanging in the balance, however, tipped the scales. To save you, to give you the chance to live out the rest of your life, happy with Sam, with Jack...it was worth it."
“‘What does friendship mean to you?’” Cas asks on a yawn after they’ve settled into a booth under harsh fluorescent lighting. The waitress has come and gone, leaving a pitcher of warm-ish water, a couple chipped mugs, and a basket with their tea selection. All decaf green. Figures.
“You can say it, Sammy. I was a little worse than ‘not good.’ But the thing is, I’m not good now either. Difference is, I’m trying this time.” Sam looks like he might cry, which doesn’t help anything. “I owe him that.” He doesn’t say his name. Can’t say his name.
“What time is it?” Dean asks, getting a hand on his own dick, hard and demanding like he didn’t just get off spectacularly last night. Sex with Cas is going to spoil him, calling that right now.
, but now that he considers it, Cas is a genius. Dean tugs him forward until Cas can brace himself on the shitty motel headboard, towering over him and back within dick-sucking distance. With a little tacit encouragement from Dean’s greedy hands on his ass, he starts to feed his cock into Dean’s mouth, careful and steady and generous, tipping Dean’s chin up to fix the angle until it’s all Dean can feel. His thumb skates over Dean’s cheekbone, fingers underneath his jaw as Dean takes it, again and again. Taking it is all he can do in this position, but from the sounds Cas is making, it must be enough.
,” Cas says, his voice rough, and it takes Dean a second to realize he didn’t move his mouth to form the words.
With Cas panting against his skin, Dean rubs at the back of his neck where he can feel a bruise forming. Good. He wants those everywhere.
“It’s okay, Dean,” Cas says, reaching across the table to touch his arm. Dean nearly flinches. That’s fucked up. “Maybe that’s enough for now.”
“Sure, okay. Wait - point of clarification. Famous person or, uh, one of the many people I’ve buried or burned over the years?”
“Oh,” he says, and there’s a lot contained in that single syllable. Dean gets a front row seat to watch Cas do some quick rewriting of their shared history. “
Cas is stupidly, maliciously sexy the entire too-long drive from the rural church cemetery to what passes for the nearest town. It’s passive harassment, is what it is. What with the way the occasional streetlight casts shadows across his face in profile, the way he fuckin’
Cas doesn’t bother with feigning propriety, settling atop Dean’s upper thighs without any evidence of an internal debate.
Dean strips down, leaving his clothes in a disgruntled heap beside the bed. He sits on the edge of the bed, facing away from Cas, completely unsure of what to do next.
Their food and drinks arrive, and Cas decides he doesn’t actually like whiskey as it burns a path down his throat. This small bit of heresy seems like something he should keep to himself. The fries on the other hand - excellent.
Dean smiles down at their joined hands, just a quirk to one side of his mouth. Cas shifts closer, testing a theory, until their legs are pressed together, skin to skin. Dean lets out a long breath, visibly relaxing. Hypothesis appears correct - further study needed. Cas hooks his ankle over Dean’s, and the relaxation deepens.
Ok for anyone keeping track, yes there are three questions left. There'll be an epilogue, but the main story is done.
“You went on to college, settled down with someone who loved you. No devil’s traps under the rug, no salt on the windowsills. You were good, and happy, and cared for. As it always should have been.”
Cas shrugs, then strips off the t-shirt Dean loaned him this morning and shimmies out of his pants. Dean watches without bothering to pretend otherwise before he does the same.
“‘Of all the people in your family, whose death would you find most disturbing?’ You already know my answer.”
He watches his own hand stretch out above Cas’ back like it belongs to someone else. He’s touched Cas before, hundreds of times. A hand on his shoulder, hands on his face when it’s a life-or-death situation and he can’t control himself. Hands to hold him back, pick him up, but never just for the sake of it.
“Oh, no. Also for any phone call. If nothing else, to plan what to say in the event of reaching someone’s voicemail. It’s awkward otherwise.”
“Then, there was your sense of loyalty,” Cas continues. “And your desire to believe against all odds that the people in your life were worthy of it. Sam, your father. Me. Even when we were most acutely undeserving.”
“Of course,” Cas says simply, flipping on the turn signal before moving into the interstate on-ramp lane. "There is nothing else demanding my attention, and no one else’s company I would rather be in.”
Fast-forward. When something twists inside Cas as Anna kisses him, he can feel Cas’ confusion at the emotion he can’t identify.
“Well, what about you?” Dean asks, trying to change the subject as he feels heat and something like shame crawl up his neck. “I know you weren’t raised, exactly, but still - what would you change about whatever counts for an angelic childhood?”
“Little snippets, mostly colors. Some sounds that don’t keep well in human memory. I can’t make sense of it yet.”
Outside, Cas crowds him against the driver’s side door of the Impala and kisses him so good that he doesn’t notice his keys going missing. Dean can’t be blamed that a strong hand on the nape of his neck makes him a little absentminded, not to mention the feeling of Cas’ bottom lip under his tongue. Before he clocks what’s happening, Cas is steering him over to the passenger side and opening the door for him like he’s the gentlemanly prom date Dean never got the chance to be. Cas stashes his trench coat in the backseat and rolls his sleeves up to the elbow before settling in behind the wheel, and he looks so good that Dean can’t bring himself to object.
“Don’t really like the idea of sharing walls. And we’ve got a kinda conspicuous arsenal to think about. The normies might get a little nervous on move-in day.”
“Yeah, uh, motel pools were more our thing, growing up. Even when we’d do a job near the coast, Dad always said he didn’t want to risk getting sand in the Impala’s upholstery.”
Cas talks to the monster in that same low murmur for the entire exhausting trek from the road to the shore. When they break through the last copse of trees, the monster starts squirming just as Dean's bum right knee is about to quit on him.
“There are different iterations, different phases of knowing.” Dean just looks at him, patient. “In some sense, since before you knew my name.”
After a minute or two, another sound joins the mix, slick and rhythmic. Dean peers down at Cas to see him jerking at his cock as he continues to work Dean over, ambidextrous multi-tasker that he is. Dean groans, tugging Cas closer by the hair until his dick is nudging the back of Cas’ throat. It’s rude, it’s demanding, but the way Cas’ fist on his dick speeds up is a pretty surefire sign Cas doesn’t mind. He pulls back on Cas’ hair to give him a break to get some air, which Cas does open-mouthed against his thigh, breaths coming in harsh, little pants. Dean rocks his hips down against Cas’ fingers, three now, and gets his hand on his own dick to take over for Cas.
“Then when Lucifer - the rift. Man, I... you don’t know this,” Dean says, not making sense. “How could you know when I never told you? And I told Sam to keep his mouth shut, too, so. Anyway. There was this case, right before Jack saved you. Ghosts. I shoved a needle in my chest chock full of heart-stopper, and yeah, it was supposed to be temporary, it was supposed to help solve the case, but Cas, I wanted it to
He doesn’t wake up until the afternoon traffic outside Dallas slows to a stuttering crawl. Cas smiles adoringly at him, despite the non-negligible amount of sleep-drool on his chin. Cas takes the next exit and pulls up to a roadside taco truck that sits at suburbia’s uneasy border with cattle country, where there's a smattering of picnic tables situated underneath the patchy shade of a live oak tree. Cas orders one of every $2 taco on the menu, and he attempts in vain to trade the tripe and tongue ones for some of Dean’s order of chorizo enchiladas. Dean might be in love with him, but there are limits.
Cas nods. “We just have to return the truck first. There’s another rental facility on the edge of town.”
Dean feels something unlocking in his muscles as Cas seemingly finds every knot of tension he’s carried around since he dug himself out of his own grave. At least the deep, good sting of it has solved the problem of his stupid, misinformed dick, at least for the time being.
He doesn’t notice that he’s slipping low in his seat until Cas is shoving at the backs of his thighs, pushing his knees toward his face. Dean lets it happen, boneless, and pretty damn sure he’ll like wherever this is heading.
This time, Cas kisses him first. It’s slower, softer, and Dean lets it happen. Cas’ hand in Dean’s shirt unclenches, but he keeps his palm there, pressed to the center of his chest where Dean knows he must be able to feel his heart racing. Cas’ lips detour to his temple, his jaw, the side of his neck, and embarrassingly, his forehead. There’s enough kindness in it to give Dean half a mind to throw himself in the lake, but he bears it. He owes Cas that much.
Dean sees purgatory then, the ache Cas carries with him at every step to know that he’s going to send Dean through that portal alone. Cas watches him as he sleeps, chin to his knees and unblinking, for hours.
“I’d cook more,” Dean says easily, slowing the cart down to eye an old-fashioned waffle iron and a cast iron skillet. “I don’t know. I really like it, I guess. It’d be a bummer to die before I perfect my chili recipe.”
Dean debates how to do this. He knee-walks on the mattress over to Cas’ side, sitting back on his heels. Then it’s just - he’s supposed to just...
"Hang on, hang on," Dean says, pulling at Cas' hair in a way he'd feel the need to apologize for if Cas was anything approaching human. "Just - be less hot for a second, alright? Tell me a gardening fact. More Bible trivia. Something."
“I want to think I would have done better. I tried to, I guess, during that year with Ben and Lisa. Tried to be what my dad wasn’t. Just sticking around, for starters. Being patient. Protective. Did I ever tell you about that time Dad used me as bait for a kelpie out at Lake Tahoe?”
“In that case, Keanu Reeves,” Dean says. “He builds motorcycles, had a shitty dad, and might be immortal. Figure we’d have a lot to talk about.”
"And the garden, plenty of metaphorical sensuality to be found there as well." Cas adds, tugging at Dean's hands, clenched in the sheets. He turns them palm out, and laces their fingers together before he brings their joined hands up to the bars of the headboard. "There's something evocative about the way the vines twine themselves and
“You mean, was I as worried as you seemed to be last night about the odds of Bambi taking out my windshield? No. But am I glad I got to see what you look like when you - uh...”
When the waitress had stopped by to ask what they’d like for dessert, Dean had agonized over his choice. He’d gone with the pecan, but Cas’ slice has been mocking him for the last ten minutes.
Dean smiles, getting a hand in Cas’ hair and pulling him into a kiss that’s half just breathing each other in. He uses his free hand to get Cas inside again, and Cas was right—
In the distance, he sees the double blow of a baleen whale, a spout of water shooting up twenty feet in the air. He watches it slip below the surface again, and he breathes.
“They definitely existed in the 80’s. The Civilian Corps actually built bathrooms at recreational beaches all across this country nearly fifty years prior to that. The work of the Corps truly combined function, the dignity of civil service, and architectural beauty. Their work is under-appreciated.”
“Tell you everything. Or show you, rather.” Cas’ hand shifts to cup his jaw, kissing him again. “I can let you into my mind. Just a portion of it. More than that might be...disadvantageous for your health.”
Dean stalls a moment or two longer, eyes on his plate as he tries to look busy assembling a bite that contains the optimal ratio of hashbrowns to eggs to sausage.
“This dark green one seems appropriate,” Cas says, dropping the bundle into the cart. “I’m not sure if the misiginebig can see colors, actually, but just in case.”
Cas nods, and there’s pride behind his eyes before his expression turns serious. “Dean, you have to understand. All the wrongs I’ve done, to have a chance like this? This deal, what Jack and I are trying to accomplish in heaven, for the benefit of everyone on earth and for those redeemable souls in hell—I have to see it through. And until then...”
Dean takes the upcoming exit for McCool Junction, because the name is fantastic and there’s a mom-and-pop place that does a great pork tenderloin.
Buckets in hand, they make their way past the squeaking, rusted gate and weave through knee-high grass and around overgrown flower beds. The night is cool, the sky clear. Dean looks up for a second at the star-filled sky.
“I put him first,” Dean says. He might as well keep talking, though the words feel rusty, like riding a bike that’s been left in the snow all winter. “Every time. I think it kinda fucked something up in me, maybe. But it was worth it.”
“There’s one other thing. While the creature can breathe out of water, its skin is not accustomed to open air. We’re going to need blankets to dampen and wrap around it. Soft ones.”
“You’re thinking of Naomi,” Cas says on instinct, recognizing that expression of suppressed worry on Dean’s face from a different time, a different miraculous resurrection. “The parallels are notable. However, in this case, I’m reasonably certain angels aren’t involved.”
“The complexities in that piece of media are made all the more multifaceted by thousands of individual interpretations,” Cas says haughtily. “I think it's beautiful."
Cas' fingers circle his wrist, rolling smoothly onto his back and pulling Dean along with him. Dean drops down to catch his balance, his forearms bracketing Cas’ head.
each other over the last decade, across universes and dimensions, through wars and endless crises in order to catch a rare moment of peace. Those moments are getting less rare these days.
“It’s not stupid to know that if he had the chance, he’d save you. In particular.” Dean looks up at the ceiling and blinks fast, blaming his stinging eyes on the onions he’d chopped a few minutes ago. “I’m just trying to figure out exactly what triggers him showing up. Could help get him back to you for good.”
“Dammit, I owe Eileen twenty bucks now. Dean knows what he wants, but I guess he’s just too much of a chickenshit to do anything about it.”
Cas shuffles behind him, and there’s hot, blunt pressure at his ass until everything is lined up and full and fucking perfect.
“What do you want me to say, Sammy?” he says, yawning. “The Quad Cities are awesome. We haven’t even done the riverboat cruise yet.”
“You know what that means though, right? I ain’t got a lot of friends, man.” Not a whole lot of living ones, anyway, and none as good as Cas.
Dean slings an arm around Cas’ waist as he hauls them both toward the bathroom, plopping Cas down onto the bench next to the sink.
Meanwhile, Cas’ palm has found its way to the center of Dean’s chest, and Dean is suddenly very, very aware that they’re in the middle of a crowded bar after midnight. Somebody might get the wrong idea. Or the right one, at least in Dean’s case.
“If you make a disparaging remark about your intelligence, I will recite verbatim the organizational structure of your neural pathways,” Cas says in a near-growl. “All one hundred trillion of them.”
Real smooth. Cas just keeps smiling, soft and unbearably fond. That’s new. Or maybe it isn’t? Maybe he’s always looked at him like that, and Dean just didn’t know what it meant. He wants to crawl across the table into Cas’ lap and kiss him until he stops thinking of how much time they’ve spent not kissing each other.
Dean gets an eye roll in response. Castiel, Angel of the Lord, the sassiest soldier in the garrison.
? In what capacity?” Cas asks, trying to be patient. “I don’t mean to belabor the technicalities, but...”
but I don’t think he thought much past that. He wanted us to beat Chuck. We did. Now I just gotta keep going, keep at it until—whenever my clock runs out, I guess.”
“Cas, prior to this, the closest I’ve gotten to the beach was a motel swimming pool in Pensacola back in ‘92. And yeah, I draw the line at putting Baby on a boat, so this is perfect.”
Rolling to his side (closer) and looking Dean right in the eye, Cas says, “I’d say the experience is overrated, but that would be a lie.”
“Fuck no. No way,” he says on automatic. The rattle of a tin can plane, the freefall, the ankle-shattering landing. Pass.
Dean sinks back in his chair. Cas' face is neutral, completely blank, except for the barest hint of a grin Dean can see pulling up the side of his mouth.
Dean nods, unable to speak. Cas gets him back deep in his mouth, rocking the head of his cock into the back of his throat like he doesn’t need to
“I have no doubt as to your desire to speak to those who you’ve lost, Dean. You’ve grieved far more than your fair share. For the sake of novelty, let’s refine the question to be anyone you don’t know personally.”
“I know I’ve got Sam for that, but, uh. That’s not quite what I...I don’t know what the fuck I mean.”
He circles Cas' wrist, guiding his index and third fingers into his mouth. Cas gasps as he tongues between them. He's always been a little obsessed with these hands. Cas hums, like this is good, like Dean’s doing this right. Thank god.
“How do you figure?” Sam replies. Dean waves a hand around at the general Cas-less vicinity, and Sam nods. “Okay, yeah. Point taken. We did learn something though. A couple things, actually.”
The drive from Grand Rapids to Lake Michigan is a straight shot, uneventful as Dean keeps an eye on the back of the truck thirty feet in front of him. Dean taps his fingers on the wheel to Zeppelin and sings along for the hell of it. The two hours fly by until Cas flips on the turn signal at the end of Highway 45. Dean trusts Cas’ judgment as he steers them down progressively narrower roads until they come to a dead end. Cas parks the truck and gets out, Dean meeting him in front of the Impala.
His rank is gonna take a hit from leaving the match early, but Dean’s closes out the tab and turns to face Cas.
“Actually, there's something I've been meaning to show you that might help.” Sam says, turning his laptop around to show Dean his screen.
He feels like an idiot as he heads back inside, the bell tinkling loudly overhead just to rub it in. Cas is still there - no surprise. He looks up when Dean sits back down, a worried half-smile at the corner of his mouth.
Cas drops to the floor, drops to his knees at Dean’s feet, and oh. That’s a lot to absorb, Cas looking up at him in the near-total dark, and he’s gotta see this. The lamp clicks on with angelic help. Dean pets at Cas’ hair, thumbing over his cheekbones with both hands in sheer shock and disbelief. Cas’ hands, meanwhile, are getting acquainted with his thighs before he tugs his belt free.
Dean ups the ante. He slides his belt out of its loops and looks up to see that Cas is still watching, his shirt open to the waist.
Sam clasps a hand on his shoulder, that perfect proud father look on his face. “That’s great, Jack. Let me know if I can help with registration later.”
“Well, a full 23% of your genes are shared with those present in yeast, so I wasn’t especially focused on those.”
“What’re you doing down here? It’s like three a.m.” Dean says, approaching slowly, as though he’s nearing the scene of a particularly gruesome car accident. Despite the time, he looks wide awake.
They settle on putting Cas on a bus from Bar Harbor to Buffalo once he’s back on the mainland, figuring that Dean and Sam can make better time in the Impala. Cas slides the phone back to the ticket clerk, who is gracious enough to accept the credit card number Sam reads out to her. She hands Cas his ticket stub, and he makes his way down to the dock.
The way Dean looks with his head tipped back against the shower wall as Cas puts his mouth on him is a minor miracle. After, clean sheets and warm skin put them both to sleep.
“Oh.” Cas pokes at a last bit of sausage with his fork, chasing it through a trail of maple syrup on his plate. “I sometimes wish I could still - well, maybe this answer isn’t in the spirit of the question. It’s an ability I used to have, not a new one to me altogether.”
“Lots of people. But that’s beside the point. You have a softness that makes the youngest of your species feel safe.”
“I could say the same to you. I’m just tidying up a bit. It’s somewhat better now,” he answers, bridging the distance between them and stopping a respectable four feet away. It had taken time to learn what the right amount of space is, between friends.
As he’s about to explain, as much as he can anyway, how they’re here and having this conversation, Sam nearly runs past them, skidding on the asphalt with a flourish when he spots them that wouldn’t be out of place on Looney Tunes.
After a leisurely stop for maple bacon donuts and coffee at a strip mall on the outskirts out of town, they make the two hour drive down the coast to Indiana Dunes State Park.
Cas lets out a long-suffering sigh, letting his head fall back. His neck is on display in a long line and Dean misses a breath or two until he shakes his head to clear out all the stupid, lusty cobwebs.
“I mean, sure, it was nice. To have someone do that for me. It’s not really - I don’t usually... I don’t know.”
“Come on, this is nothing,” Dean says, and if Cas didn’t know the shape and cadence of his voice in every degree from sober to drunk, even he would be fooled.
If it wasn’t for the thick steel separating the driver’s cabin from the truck’s cargo hold, Dean would insist on riding shotgun with Cas. But, Cas swears he’s fine with Dean following along behind.
“How long until the storm?” Dean asks, peering at the yellowed sky, a dark wall of clouds approaching from the west.
...oh golly, here I go.” She blots at her eyes, and Dean offers her a handkerchief from his jacket pocket.
“It’s not strong enough to get him to stay though,” he eventually makes himself say. “Never has been.”
“Cas.” The setting seems insane, fluorescent lighting and the smell of bacon and Cas wanting to know what Dean thinks of him. “You’re my best friend,” Dean offers, but that’s not all of it, not by a long shot.
"Well, that was the smoothest hunt we've ever had," Dean said, sliding into the driver's seat. The strain of digging up a grave in his forties notwithstanding, he's feeling pretty damn good.
“I sometimes marvel at the number of things we have in common. A constellation of similarities that may well have saved the world. More than once.”
“What else is someone meant to do while waiting in line besides practice saying ‘I’d like a double number one with an iced tea, please’?”
That’s something he’d never understood, before. The power of speaking, and of being heard. He can at least offer that.
“She and I were close, back then. I don’t think I ever told you this, but you probably already know. I, uh, had real bad nightmares as a kid. Every night, it felt like. And after one, she’d let me climb in beside her after. Drove my dad crazy - he’d end up on the couch in the living room after muttering something about me needing to toughen up and stay in my own damn bed.”
Donna grins, dimples flashing. “Just over by the bar yakking it up with Cesar and Jesse. She wants to take me horseback riding, and their ranch is only a day’s drive from here.”
“Everything’s fine, Sammy,” he hears himself say—Winchester-speak for not being on death’s literal door. “Just, uh. Happened again.”
The closet and dresser drawers are empty, naturally. He hasn’t had a need for spare clothes in several years. Perhaps he could borrow something to sleep in from Dean’s room before he finishes his shower. But that would seem overly familiar, perhaps. Something of Sam’s, then? The size difference would be noticeable, which would only draw attention to why he hadn’t chosen to pilfer Dean’s clothes instead. Everything is so complicated now.
“Yes, but that might take a while.” Cas glances at the ferry schedule behind moisture-clouded plastic on the wall. “I’ll need fare for the ferry, at a minimum.”
Dean starts the car, and switches the radio over to an only-slightly-crackly rock station before getting back on I-88.
Dean’s eyes fly open. He lies awake, wondering, until the rhythmic rise and fall of Cas’ chest against his back pulls him under.
“Huh? What’s he talking about, Cas?” Dean says, leaning against the side of the table next to Cas and knocking a knee into his.
Cas nuzzles at him, throwing a leg over his for good measure just when Dean thinks about maybe trying to get out of bed. It can wait a little longer.
Dean’s hands fly to Cas arms, gripping not to stop him but to keep him right where he is. Cas just looks at him, perfectly still, until Dean nods. He slides his finger further inside and twists it on the way back out, watching Dean’s face for whatever he’s always been able to see there. It’s been a long time since Dean’s had the chance to do this, what with the pending end of every universe. It hasn’t really seemed like the right time to treat himself. But now? He groans and shifts against the sheets, trying to get any bit of Cas further inside.
“You sure as shit cared about me and it got you fucking killed. I’d call that a waste, wouldn’t you?”
“You look like you could use something to eat,” she says, and hands him a plastic-wrapped sandwich before he can react.
“As your friend. I’ll always be your friend, Dean.” And Cas smiles gently at the thought—the world’s shittiest consolation prize. It’s not enough.
“You wanna test the theory? How?” Dean’s spent more than one night up until three a.m. with a stack of moldering books and nothing to show for it, but Jody’s always been the smartest person he knows.
“Irrelevant. As I was saying, while most anthropologists identify the Divje Babe Flute as the world’s oldest known musical artifact, your ancestors actually began singing as soon as they gained the power of speech. And given that homo sapiens are not the only musically-inclined species, one could argue that music is intrinsic to life itself. Humpback whales, for example, sing especially well. I once observed a pod off the coast of Tupua'i, and the complexity of their song...Dean. It was so beautiful. The romantic devotion imbued in the lyrics -”
Dean grips the steering wheel. The car feels small, his clothes are too tight, everything hot and uncomfortably close. He’s gonna say something stupid. He can feel it bubbling up.
Dean smiles then, a shaky thing. He takes his hand away from Cas’ knee, fists it against his thigh. “Can I ask you something first?”
“Heaven, generally. I—that’s where I’m supposed to be.” Fuckin’ figures. Dean swallows and tries not to shrug away from Cas’ too-gentle touch. “To be clear, it isn’t where I
“I didn’t say ‘boring,’ I said ‘peace.’ We engaged in non-violent ecological preservation yesterday. That looks like peace to me. Try adding some additional hoisin to your soup.”
“Point being, it’s hard to say what’s typical,” Cas continues. “But it wouldn’t be surprising that some retrograde amnesia accompanies the forceful removal of grace.”
“His burgers really are awesome,” Sam says from behind them. “Oh, and Dean, you’ve got to make him that chocolate raspberry cake you made for Jack’s birthday when we get back.”
“I don’t know, man. A lot of shit happened when I was growing up that your average shrink would probably say wasn’t ideal. Kids probably aren’t supposed to see that much death before the age of twelve.”
They place their orders. Dean tips back his drink like it’s water, the barest flinch to his mouth. Cas sips his instead. Who knows what his tolerance is now, after all. He doesn’t want to embarrass himself. The bartender appears as if by magic to refill Dean’s glass.
Nothing happens. Dean claps a hand on Sam’s shoulder once he stands and leaves the circle, squeezes gently. He heads back to the kitchen to start in on guacamole for dinner.
“Not intentionally,” Cas says between kisses to his cheeks, his forehead, his closed eyelids, moving his face this way and that and Dean’s lost in it. “Your longing is very audible, I can’t
“Are you alright?” Cas asks, thumbing over Dean’s eyebrow, eyes clear and focused which is frankly a little offensive. He’s good at this, and he needs Cas to fucking
“Nah, that’s okay - there’s actually somewhere else I want to go that’s a little more scenic than this room. You wanna go see the desert?”
Dean clicks the TV off, losing all the light in the room except for what creeps in around the cheap blinds from the over-lit parking lot.
“Another compliment, then. You’re generous, with your time, your attention, your affection. This generosity may have been what convinced me to rebel against heaven. It’s no small thing.”
“Why would the ancient Egyptian goddess of nourishment appear in rural Kansas?” Cas counters, taking another slice of upside-down sour cherry cake. “She hasn’t been active on this plane for two thousand years. Not to mention, the owner’s heritage was primarily Germanic, not Egyptian.”
“What?” Dean is quickly being outmaneuvered. Of course, Cas’ version of what feels suspiciously like flirting would be a verbal sparring match. “I mean, I wouldn’t stop you. Obviously. Every man, angel, whatever for himself, I guess.”
“Yeah, you’re right. Who needs sleep, anyway,” Sam says, making Cas smile. “Alright, buddy, see you tomorrow in Buffalo, okay?”
Dean lets a long breath out through his nose, head tipped back against the booth. Cas raises his hands in surrender.
Dean drops his head to Cas’ shoulder, grinning into the skin at the stretched-out collar of his shirt.
The thorns disappear from the black raspberries just before harvest, the tomatoes seemingly tie themselves to the stakes that Cas so carefully installed, and the lettuce never turns bitter. These are all apparently miraculous events.
“It’s perfect,” Cas says, and Dean tips forward and kisses him until their breathing syncs, deep and slow and endless. It’s fucking surreal, having Cas like this—available and open for him to kiss for as long as he wants. Not going anywhere, not unless Dean lets him. Finally.
Cas grabs two of the blankets without accepting any further protests. Dean laughs, shaking his head.
The waitress chooses that moment to reappear, setting their plates down onto their table. Dean’s ears go red, realizing what she might have heard. What she might think.
Dean leans back on his hands, face tilted up to the sky. Then, he sees it—stars streaking north to south, beelining for the ground or the limits of space itself. Pinpoints of twisting, spinning light condense and burst apart in a cosmic fireworks display that contains colors Dean has never seen. Stars swoop down and hover close enough to touch before they ricochet back out into the immeasurable distance. Dean clasps a hand on Cas’ steady arm as the dock sways beneath them in the unnatural tide, but it’s not because he’s scared. He hasn’t been scared of Cas in years. Maybe he never has been.
“Shhh, s’okay,” Dean whispers, when Cas starts kissing a line down the side of his neck, breaths coming quick against his skin.
“Perfectly safe, but hopefully enough to get your angel to show up. My buddy over in Spirit Lake runs a little business during tourist season. He’s a professional. And you boys owe me a visit anyway.”
Dean busies himself with peeling the wrapper off of his water bottle, picking at the glue residue left behind.
Dean nods, and stays still as Cas carefully rubs lotion across his back and behind his ears. SPF 50 feels just as holy as angel grace, coming from Cas’ hands. Dean repeats the process for him in turn, and if he’s especially thorough near the waistband of Cas’ boxers, who’s to know?
“Nah, we’ve done ‘em all so far, and it’s not like I don’t have things to choose from,” Dean says, kicking a rock out of the path with a bit more force than necessary.
“Of course, Dean. Although you must admit, a ghost that requests assistance with departing this earthly plane is significantly less of a -”
Dean rubs at his temple with his free hand, scuffs his shoe against the dusty gravel. “Unless I blacked out while crossing the fuckin’ street, then yeah. I’m sure.”
“Not picket fence shit and all that - we did just haul a lake monster over a hundred miles in a rental truck.”
"Everyone knows camels are the least romantic of the ungulates," Jack chimes in. "Maybe that's why the marriage ultimately failed."
It seems like an easy question, but he draws a blank as his mind spins through a myriad assortment of porn stars and rock stars and Mother Teresa. “Oh man. So many options. You go first.”
Cas sucks a kiss on the back of his neck, the scrape of his teeth egging him on and oh, he isn’t going to last. Cas’ dick slides against his hole, just tagging the rim, and that bit of fleeting friction has Dean groaning and coming into his fist with Cas close behind.
“Dean, again - again,” Cas gasps, even as he’s still coming all over Dean’s fist on his cock, Dean buried inside him.
“So what do you want to do with the rest of the afternoon?” Dean asks, hands stuffed in the pockets of his jacket as they make their way back to the car. Their shoulders are bumping together every third or fourth step because of how narrow the sidewalk is, and Dean doesn’t hate that one bit. He’d been more than a little hesitant about parallel parking Baby but dear Christ, that food had been worth it.
"Maybe I want you to misinterpret me, do you ever think of that?" Dean says, and he sounds frustrated now. What on earth? "Fuck, that's not what I mean. Help me out here."
It wasn’t supposed to become a thing. As much as Dean loves this, it’s usually Cas who asks for it by name, asks to be tied down to the bed they share, asks to be kissed and touched and fucked until Dean’s satisfied, until they both are. So here they were again, now with gear that Cas bought online, shipped in discreet packages to their P.O. box in town. If it all wasn’t so fucking hot, Dean would have to laugh at the grocery bag from Super Foods under their bed, packed to the gills with an assortment of hemp and cotton rope, clips, and safety shears. Nobody’s laughing now, but they need to get a better storage system.
“It’s not Jimmy, either. Don’t get me wrong, he was a good-looking guy. But it’s...” he could get into trouble here, “...something about how you carry yourself, I guess.”
Dean shucks out of his pants and overshirt, folding them up and setting them on the dresser to have something to do with his hands. He’s not embarrassed, not really - Cas knows a fuckall of a lot more embarrassing things about him than that he really likes a memoir written by a 70 year old pediatrician.
feels gorgeous. Nobody’s told Cas that this is filthy, kinky shit—rubbing come into the skin of someone’s face, and Dean’s so goddamn glad.
“That’s good, that’s good. Uh, warm enough?” His hand goes for the thermostat, fidgeting with the dials. “You want to listen to any music?”
“On more than one occasion, I most certainly was. Sam too, and Jack as well. You even brought back your car from near-total destruction. You mend things.”
Cas dries his hands carefully and then circles around in front of him, hands going easily to his hips.
Dean is flipping through channels when Cas comes back out, Dean’s favorite Stones shirt snug across his shoulders. Cas snags the whiskey bottle from where he left it, taking a shallow sip before handing it back to Dean.
"If you use an angel blade or a fuckin’ samurai sword to hack all this off," Dean says with a not-too-gentle tug, "I'll never forgive you."
A slow grind is all his body can manage at this point, the come on his stomach and chest dirtying up the slide of their bodies together. He gets his tongue in Cas’ mouth again, pulls every trick in the book until Cas goes rigid beneath him, cock pulsing. God, he loves that feeling, filled up and useful and taking what Cas gives him.
“The tap still works, and the piping to the stove and refrigerator still looks solid. We should pick up propane in town tomorrow.”
As Cas searches for the water shut off tap to see if the well still works, Dean sets about gathering tinder for the fire pit out back. They’re going to be roughing it for a while, and somehow, given the company, Dean isn’t that torn up about it.
"It's negligence, is what it is. The pea pods are swollen to the point of woodiness -" Dean bites back a laugh. Seriously, swollen and woody? "The raspberries are overripe, and who knows the subsurface condition of the carrots if the presence of various noxious weeds throughout the garden is any indication. Something must be done."
Cas hums, letting Dean decide if there's more he wants to say. Dean tries to remind himself that Cas actually
“The Empty heard you. It wasn’t...happy about that fact. It isn’t even supposed to be possible for human prayers to reach that place. But you’ve done many things that are technically impossible.”
"In what way I would wish to be famous? Much like you, I think. To be known by those around me as dependable. For others to think of me as a worthwhile friend. You most of all."
“I’m - I’d say I’m fine, but. Well.” She looks down at her lap, picking at a loose thread in the hem of her sweatshirt.
“So, yeah. Things like this”—he gestures at the space between them—“Impossible stuff that I want but don’t ever get...I learned a long time ago to shut all that down. Stuff it in a box in my brain. There’s plenty of shit in there. A recliner with springs that don’t dig into my ass. A beach vacation. And, you know. You.”
Then, Dean feels the weight of his own arm around Cas’ shoulders outside a brothel in Maine, and his own gut flips to feel Cas wanting him for the first time.
The guests slowly drift off, until it’s just Sam, Jack, Jody, Donna, and the girls. They herd Cas and him into the Impala, Cas sliding in behind the steering wheel. Dean doesn’t have the will to protest, not when the cool glass of the passenger side window feels so excellent against his face when he leans against it.
“Uh, not that I’m complaining, but what you’ve been doing for me and Sam sure doesn’t seem like nonintervention.”
“Fuck, fuck, fuck.” That’s Cas mouth on his hole, and Dean’s gonna shake apart. “Get your goddamn pants off, man - you can’t do that with your pants on, that’s - I haven’t even seen your -”
“The sweet peas and radishes shouldn’t present any risk of injury. We’ll just need a few buckets to store what we harvest.”
Cas nods. “Yes, Dean.” His name, always his name, dozens of times before nights like this are through. “Please.”
Dean wakes up alone, one palm flat in the center of the bed as though he’d reached for Cas at some point in the night. He scrubs at his eyes and looks up to see that Cas is perched at the kitchenette with a newspaper and a cup of coffee, fully dressed and looking like a stock photo of mid-century domesticity. Except for the bedhead and the sawed-off on his right.
Sam and Eileen join them as they’re taking their seats. Jack passes around a bowl of fruit, and Cas refills their coffee cups. They shoot the shit for a while and compliment Dean's cooking (as they damn well should), until conversation dies back. Everyone full of the breakfast voted Most Likely to Send a Person Back to Bed, it's now or never.
He rips off the seatbelt and then his hands are cupped around Cas' face, as if he’s going to - going to...
“Hm. I see your point. I can think of some less-than-flattering synonyms my brothers and sisters might use in place of ‘optimist,’ however. Naïve, foolhardy, headstrong, imprudent, rash -”
That changes things. Dean would happily eat all the Tofurky in the world for a few nights of banging it out in a motel room with Cas.
"Dean. I'm considering a life of crime," Cas says in a near-whisper, dropping into a chair at the kitchen table.
“It’s fine, I just need - I’m gonna get some air. It’s fine, just stay here, alright? I’ll be back in a sec.”
More than ten years they've been at this - the pulled punches of touches cut short. Dean can't help but be greedy now.
“Yeah, we’re together. And we’ve got a metric ton of trauma for each of us to work through for the next seventy years. But she’s the person I want to do that with. I think you know all about that, huh.”
At first, Dean doesn’t trust what he’s seeing. He runs his hands over the frame, across the hood, and lets out a long breath. Not a speck of damage. No evidence whatsoever that baseball-sized hail landed all over this area, according to the local news. In contrast, the stop sign at the corner has fallen flat on its face, pockmarked with hail dents, and Dean can see at least five or six downed power lines before the road disappears over the next hill.
Dean sleeps until noon and wakes to the smell of bacon. It almost, but not quite, makes up for the fact that the spot beside him in bed is cold and Cas-less.
“Husbands. And I wanted what they had,” he says, the dark of the room and Cas’ palm on the small of his back making him brave. “Someone who gets it. Someone who understands the life. But there was something else. They got out, together. So what they had, it really...it wasn’t just the job, I guess.”
Cas crawls onto the bed, tugging Dean up with him until they’re both settled on the pillows, facing one another.
“I mean, I didn’t even say anything back,” Dean says wetly. Cas can’t look at him to confirm, but he knows by heart the sound of Dean breaking down.
Four hours later, the sky is just starting to lighten as Dean carefully shuts the trunk of the Impala. He'd had to get creative when he ran back to the bunker for more storage containers, but now there are ice cream buckets full of radishes, at least eight kinds of lettuce in fabric grocery bags, a laundry basket stuffed to the brim with asparagus and carrots, and a dozen shoeboxes packed shallowly with the most precious cargo of all: fragile raspberries and strawberries twice as sweet as anything they can get at the Thriftway in Mankato.
After the roof is fixed, Dean finds other things to do to keep his hands busy as the summer weeks pass. While Cas waters and prunes and weeds and harvests, Dean redoes the tuckpointing on the chimney, trims the trees back from the power lines, and replaces the caulk around all the windows and doors.
Moving to unsteady legs, Cas ambles over and roots around until he finds what Dean knew full-well was there, holding the small bottle of lube and a condom for Dean to verify.
. And yet, less than a year later, I was attempting to thwart the sacred plan for humanity all because you believed I could.”
Two hours later, still no luck. At one point, he’d succeeded in falling asleep for a moment, only to be jerked awake by the startling sensation of plummeting to his death. A hypnic jerk, he recalls it being called. As the theory goes, a vestigial leftover from when humans slept in trees. What a curious thing.
Cas kneads at his thighs then, and Dean breathes through it. When he finally looks down, he can only see the barest outline of Cas’ face in the dark, his hands on Dean’s skin in the near-total dark of the room. Leaning forward, Cas replaces his hands with his lips, starting a path up from his knees to the edge of his boxer briefs, fingertips dipping beneath the hem of each leg.
“Uh, pass. I am too fuckin’ old for camping.” Dean can feel a crick in his neck just thinking about it. The hard ground beneath his back, he and Cas a hairsbreadth apart in a military surplus pup tent, no else around...who knows what might happen.
“Did you decide on your dinner guest?” Cas says, the tips of his fingers brushing against Dean’s as he lets go of the wheel.
Cas’ shoulders sag, the fight gone out of him. “Being treated with dignity and kindness wouldn’t have diminished your abilities, Dean. I wish I could make you see that.”
“Don’t wanna scandalize the neighbors,” Dean jokes as Cas squeezes along each finger in turn, earning a low groan out of Dean. “Fuck, that’s good.”
The hunt doesn’t go the way he expects. It takes Cas all of six minutes of hushed conversation with the teenage clerk at a gas station that sells bait, beef pasties, and Christmas decorations year-round for him to solve the case.
“I never wanted you to go anywhere. That’s - that’s actually the biggest thing. I just fucking want you with me, man.”
Dean smiles, a real one. “Alright. Yeah, we tried summoning him. No dice. Anyway, if you think of anything—”
“Well, ever since you got me that sourdough starter, I had to have somewhere to, ya know. Actually keep the bread.”
“I don’t think you want more details,” Cas says, tugging on the covers currently wedged under Dean’s back. “Or do you want me to list the human fluids, pathogens, and substances that have made the acquaintance of the coverlet?”
"I thought so," Cas says, obviously pleased. “Take off your clothes, Dean. Don’t make it a performance. I just want to see you.”
Dean thinks of John. Of the kind of man John was, the kind of man he wanted Dean to be. Dean in his too-big jacket, too young to hold a shotgun right, doing his damnedest. Scared out of his mind that John was going to wise up and realize what a fucking fraud he had for an eldest son.
“Isn’t a one-time thing just about all that’s on the table? Unless you’re planning on trading in your Continental for a bus pass and relocating to the Windy City.”
"I like it like this," Dean says after a couple minutes have passed, twirling a longish strand behind Cas' ear. He's gotta be pilfering Sam's fancy conditioner or something - it's so damn soft.
?) would be a giant red flag. But for them, it makes sense that they’d speedrun through the typical relationship milestones a bit. Once you've been through more than a couple resurrections with someone, does it really matter if they snore a little or chew with their mouth open sometimes?
“About what you might expect,” Cas says, turning his hand over to work at the webbing between thumb and forefinger. “For someone who has lived and died as often as you have. It’s an unusual line, to say the least. Few of your kind experience so many temporary sojourns in the afterlife.”
“Hey, you wanna take another case?” Dean asks, aiming for casual nonchalance and landing in the range of obvious enthusiasm instead. “It’d be twelve hours northeast up I-44, but -”
Cas looks at him, confused. “Jesus was a fine and honorable man, and he made no secret of his passionate relationship with Mary Magdalene, his wife. They engaged in sexual intercourse at an impressive frequency, especially considering the personal hygiene standards of the day.”
“Oh, I see,” Cas says, voice gone a little breathless. “That’s...” He shifts the angle a bit, until his dick is sliding between the tops of Dean’s thighs and nudging the back of his balls.
“I’d like that, very much,” Cas says, before Dean has a chance to wind himself up into a full-blown panic. “I’ve never fished before.”
"Are you happy?” Dean asks before he can think better of it, staring up at the peeling popcorn ceiling. “Here, I mean. Uh...with me."
“‘If you could wake up tomorrow having gained any one quality or ability, what would it be?’” Cas says, apropos of nothing, before Dean realizes it’s another question from the list. Of course Cas has it memorized verbatim.
"Apologies, I forgot. My partner here would like the Cultivating Progurt Probiotic. For his digestive health."
“I suppose we could repurpose one of the storerooms, if you think the two of us will need more space. The one currently housing non-magical Incan and Purepecha artifacts, maybe. For obvious ethical reasons, most of what is stored there should really be repatriated to its country of origin.”
“Two beings of supernatural origin attempting to overcome their pre-ordained purpose and create a meaningful existence built upon helping others.”
he reminds himself as he stares longingly at his bowl. "That'd be great. Sure, Cas. I’ll read the articles."
“The point I’m trying to make isn’t related to your sex appeal. Although I suppose that is a part of it. But we’re getting off-course. Your life story, if you will.”
Cas stands alone on the top deck of the ferry, hands gripped around the cold, steel railing, and lets the ocean spray hit his face. He feels very, very alive. Vital, even, in a way he hasn’t experienced in quite some time, or ever. He wonders if that has more to do with his current mortality, or with the pervasive sense of lightness in his mind. He keeps no secrets now. Dean knows everything there is to know.
“What makes the rice so yellow?” Sam asks, before shoveling some of the saffron pilaf into his mouth.
It’s a seat-yourself kind of joint, and by unspoken agreement they pick a booth along the wall near the windows. It’s mid-afternoon, and they’re the only customers.
Cas is quiet, wishing he hadn’t eaten lunch with such gusto now that his stomach appears to be staging an armed revolt.
Cas smiles. His hair is all in his face, ruffled by the breeze. Dean wants to tuck it behind his ear but resists.
Cas slides back the zipper as Dean flips on the turn signal to merge back into traffic. He carefully picks through the bag, selecting a well-worn flannel and a soft, grey t-shirt. If he can imagine exactly how Dean’s shoulders look in it, early in the morning when he’s soft and uncaffeinated, who will ever know?
His thumbs follow the tight planes of muscle on either side of Cas’ spine, eventually sweeping out under the bottom edge of his shoulder blades. Cas keens, unselfconscious and entirely fatal for Dean’s own sense of self-preservation. He’s gonna be getting off on this every lonely night for the rest of his sad life. To get leverage on Cas’ shoulders, he leans out over his back in a way that puts his dick in way-too-close of proximity to Cas’ ass. Cas shifts underneath him, arching his neck into Dean’s grip and not helping at
"And besides, as you know, there are many kinds of love. As one might have for a comrade in arms, a friend, or a brother."
He hangs up. That seems like a woefully inadequate voicemail, given the contents of their last conversation. Or rather, Castiel’s farewell monologue. It’s only a conversation if both parties participate, after all, and neither Cas himself, Death, or the Empty exactly made time for that. He dials Sam’s number.
“‘Basic impulses,’ shit, Cas, I’m sorry. That can’t have been, uh, flattering for me.” He thinks of gas station porn mags, his own personal spank bank of hookup memories, 2:00 AM cravings for the worst burger and fries to be found on this side of I-80.
Cas pressing him against the back of the motel room door is pretty good too. Even better is the leg Cas slots between his as they kiss, and the way Cas loudly gasps his name when he’s arching off the bed twenty minutes later.
“I’ve never. Um. There are certain social-sexual rituals I’ve never engaged in that I would like to try. I think.”
They check off all the freakiest rides until Eileen begs off at the tallest of the coasters, opting instead to wait for them on a bench next to the exit. At the top of the lift hill, Dean grins at Sam, feeling his heart racing despite himself. Sure, he’s beaten an archangel or two in his day, but even he can’t stifle his body’s reaction to being 200 feet up and ready for the drop. The latch on his seatbelt seems a little wonky, but it's probably fine. These rides are inspected all the time, right?
“Probably not a tail,” Jack says, jumping in. “Unless it’s a glaistig. I'm reading that they can get a bit spiteful.”
He tugs a grumbling Cas out of bed, kissing him and walking him backwards toward the bathroom. He presses him against the wall of the walk in shower and starts mouthing a smiling path down his chest as the water heats up. They’re going to be late for checkout again, but the way Cas looks down at him when he’s on his knees is worth it.
"Alright, you're a badass, I got it,” Dean says. He pictures some mashup of Baywatch and Blue Crush, with Cas standing in for Pamela Anderson and Kate Bosworth. “So your turn. Something you've dreamed of doing. Go."
“Of course I want you,” Cas says when he pulls back, both hands holding Dean’s face now, and it would take nothing, nothing at all to close the distance between them.
Cas laughs softly, then rocks his hips against the cleft of Dean’s ass in time with the stroke of his hand. It’s a tease, and Dean wants more, but then his traitor stomach growls.
They approach the first Indianapolis exit in the mid-afternoon. They could easily keep driving on to Springfield, but Dean is insistent on stopping.
Dean lets the hand he’d had wrapped tight around Cas’ elbow trail down his arm to his wrist in a loose hold, then drags his thumb against the center of Cas’ palm, interlocking their fingers.
“Are you thinking brownies? There’s a lot of Scottish lore about them,” Sam is saying as Dean rounds the corner, plate in hand. “Maybe the hogboon, given the lack of livestock.”
"Cocoons of the invasive Jumping Worm, Dean," Cas corrects with a grimace. "From the genus Amynthas. They're an abomination, and I don't use that term lightly. If introduced, I'd have to start the whole garden from scratch, and it's too late in the season for the cold weather crops. So if you
“Yeah, someone Eileen knows at the Irish embassy is hooking me up. Figured a fresh fake citizenship was probably a good idea at this point.”
Dean lets his skin go, moving to the other side. “Got naked with someone I - someone I...” He looks at Cas, hoping he’ll fill in the rest of that for himself.
Cas offers him a hand up, then pulls him straight into a kiss. He gets both hands around the back of Dean’s head as if to keep him in place, like Dean’s a flight risk rather than actively trying to crawl inside his skin. Cas backs him toward the bed and then down, getting Dean flat on his back before straddling his chest. Not exactly what Dean meant about
Dean leaves his full glass on the bartop and goes for his wallet, laying out a few bills before tugging on Cas’ coat sleeve in the general direction of the door.
Cas hums and continues scrolling. For anyone else, moving in together after less than a week of dating (is that what they’re doing? Fucking
Thank you so much for sticking with this fic, and for your comments. With my whole chest, y'all are the best.
“There’s some sweats at the bottom,” Dean says, glancing quickly over before looking back at the road. “Uh, not sure if the jeans will fit. You, um.”
"Didn't you?" Sam shoots back, conveniently forgetting that Dean was in purgatory that year. Unless, was that 2011? 2010? His personal relationship with linear time is ill-defined, at best.
Dean fishes the lube bottle out of the sheets, and slicks up Cas’ dick. He adds a few more twists of his wrist than is strictly necessary, which earns an honest-to-god moan out of Cas as he arcs his back against the bed. He wants to finish Cas off like this, make him come all over himself and then add to the mess himself. He wants to fuck Cas’ mouth until his voice is all gravel and then paint his face in come. But most of all, he wants to get Cas inside. To that end, Dean shifts positions, rearranging himself with his knees on either side of Cas’ hips.
He runs his hands up Cas’ thighs to tug on the hem of his boxers in a silent request, then leans back to watch him take them off. It takes Dean a minute to tear his eyes away from everything Cas has been hiding underneath layers straight off the clearance rack at Men’s Warehouse. When he does, Cas is smiling softly at him—a little proud and a little shy, which is fuckin’ crazy, considering what’s all on display here.
Despite the prep work and the lube and how intensely he wants this, he’s tight as fuck when he goes to guide Cas’ cock home. Cas gets pissed as hell when he rushes—fucking sap that he is— so Dean blindly adds more lube and goes as slow as he can stand. Back and forth, tiny shifts of his hips as he works Cas’ dick inside, with Cas gritting his teeth and holding still beneath him.
“Yeah, I guess just - putting words to it. I’m lucky as hell, man. The people I’ve got around me? I get it. Love and affection...they play a big role in my life.”
A technicolor kaleidoscope of ideas fans out in Dean’s mind, each sappier than the last: kissing Cas in the rain, in the Impala, after a hunt, first thing in the morning. He shakes it off, looks for something else a little less...any of that.
Cas shakes his head. Dean’s got to find something other than his eyes to focus on (were they always that blue?), or he’s going to do something weird. Weirder than compulsively lying about breakfast. He grabs one of the menus stuffed behind the napkin dispenser like he doesn’t already know what’s on offer at every diner in middle America.
Dean shrugs. "Uh huh, sure. Well, I'm making pizza tonight. Fig, prosciutto, and arugula. It's gonna be awesome."
“Is that - is that what you want though?” Cas asks, uncertain, even as he’s hooking two fingers into Dean’s mouth, wet and eager. “That sounds...”
“Hey, Cas! How’re you doing, man?” Sam asks, offensively energetic for nine o’clock in the morning. “My brother pull his head out of his ass yet?”
Cas is faster. He’s at the door in a moment, angel blade in hand, peering through the peephole. The tension drops out of his spine, and he hides the blade behind his back as he opens the door a crack. He exchanges brief words with the person on the other side before clicking the door shut again.
Hell yeah. Dean’s cock jerks in his hand, and he uses the other to pry Cas’ fingers from his jaw, wrapping them around the base of his dick. He tips his head back, letting the head of Cas’ cock pop free from his mouth.
“So we’re watering the plants too now,” Dean says, rotating in Cas’ arms until they’re face to face.
Dean nods, more nodding than might be considered customary. “We can stop in Indianapolis. That sound ok? Are you hungry, tired?”
“What are you doing up?” Dean asks, forehead creasing. “Did I hog the covers or something? Haven’t, uh. Slept with anyone for...awhile.”
“Actually,” Jack says, leaning across the table. “I’d say that the imprint of Cas’ grace on every segment of your DNA is of quite significant import.”
Cas looks at him, longer than Dean would usually let him with only the thin excuse of being a couple drinks deep on an empty stomach. He raises his hand in a poor facsimile of how Dean summoned the bartender before, awkward and halting. He asks for glasses of water along with their next round.
“I, uh. Prayed to the Empty too. Didn’t know it’s real name, if it even has one. Bunch of fuckin’ freaky black goo coming out of the wall while I was going out of my mind didn’t exactly give me a lot to go on. Sam was trying the research angle, deep in the lore, but I opted for getting shit-faced and yelling at the sky.”
That night, Cas gets him on his hands and knees, spread out and desperate in front of the flickering light and crackling logs just like he’d envisioned.
“Well, I’m working my way through the bestsellers of the 21st century. I have some questions about the memoir structure of ‘Eat, Pray, Love’ as a matter of fact, and I’d love your thoughts.”
They jointly decide on a gyro place, all decked out in Greek blue and white. Over stuffed grape leaves, fries, and pitas filled with everything delicious, Cas wonders at what is going through Dean’s mind.
Cas looks at him, sidelong, like he’s gauging Dean’s meaning. Dean holds his gaze. It’s easier to be brave here in his own mind.
“You’re asking if, when faced with the choice between a human life and an eternity as a waking ghost in a sea of endless black, I’d choose -”
On a morning in late September, they pack the last of their bags and Sam and Eileen’s suitcases into the trunk of the Impala. Cas rides shotgun, Sam and Eileen in the backseat. It’s five hours straight west to drop them off at the Denver airport on the way up to Montana. At the departures drop-off, Eileen slings an around him and Cas, kissing them both on the cheek before it’s Sam’s turn, minus the kiss.
“Can’t argue with that either,” Dean says easily. “It’s been a while since we didn’t have something or other breathing down our necks. Who - or
Sam and Eileen cut out early from movie night when Eileen nods off against his shoulder halfway through True Grit. With them gone, Cas can’t follow the plot of the film’s final act, his body stupidly, uselessly attuned to how close Dean is in the near-dark. Ridiculous.
“I wasn’t trying to rush you. Take your time. It might be disruptive to the other patrons if I have to give you CPR in the middle of the restaurant.”
Cas hasn’t stopped smiling, and fifteen minutes later, around a black bean patty topped with macadamia cheese and surrounded by a plush brioche bun, neither can Dean.
Sam throws Dean a look that clearly says ‘anything is better than here.’ Dean sticks out a leg to try to trip him as he heads for the garage.
Cas’ hands still. Dammit. He climbs off of him, placing his warm palm in the center of Dean’s back as Dean works to settle his breathing.
“I hope you get a quality night’s rest, gentlemen. Here’s your key. And remember, the ice machine is closest to room seven, which you can get to by turning north outside your room - or wait, south? Would turning left be south?”
Dean brings his free hand to Cas’ face, pulling him within kissing distance. Cas closes the gap, and they kiss until Cas can sense the sun rising outside the bunker.
Cas, because he’s insane, slides his hand around Dean’s waist and then down until he’s palming Dean’s ass behind the cover of the tall reception desk. Dean makes an extremely dignified sound, which he covers with the fakest cough in the history of fake coughs.
"What do you mean? No offense, but applying dog piss to the dirt isn't really my idea of a good time."
Cas busies his hands with opening the box and finding the honey and a couple of spoons, anything to avoid thinking about those awful days.
“Okay, so that’s the dream. You, me, Sam, and Jack. Some hippy in a beach hut renting us boards. California, Hawaii, I don’t care.”
“Nah, we don’t have to,” he says, picking at the wrapper on his bottle. “Weddings are stupid, anyway.”
“The crack in my chassis,” Cas answers after a beat. He flips the windshield wipers on, clearing off the haze of drizzle that started falling somewhere near Springfield.
Cas drops one hand from the headboard to Dean’s hair, tugging and changing the angle until it’s just a perfect, wet slide, and Dean’s boneless from it. Now that Cas has got it figured out, Dean drops one hand from his ass to grip around his own dick, groaning around the cock in his mouth when he strokes from base to tip with the same rhythm of Cas’ thrusts.
It’s amazing what some twinkle lights can do for a place. Just last week, he and Cas had been on their hands and knees up here, harvesting the last of the butternut squash and greens. Since then, the rooftop has been transformed through the work of one nephilim, one former angel, two mere mortals, and a motley crew of assorted friends who had descended on the bunker the second they received the wedding invite.
He follows Cas to the start of a wood-chipped at the edge of the parking lot and they fall into step alongside each other.
Somewhere in central Missouri, Cas leans against the side of the car as Dean pumps the gas at a service station that looks straight out of a Jimmy Stewart movie.
“Now, as for that paper you carry in your pocket.” the goddess says to Dean. “I consent to that as well.”
“I could make plain the relative merits of a day with you compared to the reverent observation of nature’s wonders, but I am reasonably certain it would cause you embarrassment. You are, after all, alternately drawn to and repelled by others’ high regard for you.”
Dean looks around for cups, but this isn’t that kind of place. He’s rapidly coming to grips with the fact that he and Cas are about to be two guys complimenting each other in a room with one bed and floor-to-ceiling wallpaper in a turkey hunting motif.
Dean slides the long end out of the knot, then helps the rest unravel before tugging the whole thing through Cas’ collar until it slips out into his hand.
Back in the parking lot, he and Cas walk within hand-holding distance to the room at the end of the building. With the door closed and double locked, Cas unshoulders Dean’s duffel bag gently on the dresser, like it contains something more valuable than a half-used stick of Old Spice and a wardrobe befitting a backwoods survivalist.
“‘If you knew that in one year you would die suddenly, would you change anything about the way you are now living? If so, why?’” Cas asks as they pass a shelf of Instant Pots that has Dean more than a little curious.
“Caring for someone is never wasted,” he says eventually. Those days weren’t awful for himself alone.
"There's a paid lot two blocks west," Cas says. "And I verified in advance that the parking attendants perform continuous security checks. The Impala will be safe."
Dean thinks of the last time he was in Vegas, a surreal weekend back in ‘99. He and John had dealt with the ghost of a blackjack dealer causing trouble at the Tropicana while Sam was finishing out the last couple weeks of his junior year in Albuquerque. Once John was asleep, Dean had wandered up and down the strip and ended up watching the light show at the Bellagio fountain four times in a row as the crowds passed him by.
“It’s just pens. That’s it. He said he likes nice pens, and the ones we have are shitty. Thought I’d see if there’s somewhere I can order some from online that’ll deliver to our P.O. box in town.”
Wait. “Are you in my head?” Dean should be upset about that, it should feel like too much, too close, too risky, what if Cas sees - but then, Dean remembers. He’s seen it all already, all of the good, all of the bad, and he called Dean
He isn’t intending to start an argument. Semi-competitive martyrdom is an overplayed song at this point. But here in the bunker’s dim lighting, the dark circles under Dean’s eyes are as obvious as the deep creases at the corners of his mouth as he stands there frowning. This was one small, insignificant thing Cas could take off his shoulders, and apologizing for it would be disingenuous.
“Back to the matter at hand. You are, in fact, faultless. And you were before, to be clear. Musculoskeletal defects and all. Nothing I could have done would have made you any more perfect than you already were.”
Dean nods, mouth in a wry twist, stepping away from him and heading back toward the stairs with a jerk of his head for Cas to follow. He takes the stairs at a clip that poses a challenge for Cas’ legs that have made their weariness known after days of travel and inadequate rest. Now is an inconvenient time for Dean to demonstrate his annoyingly persistent athleticism.
“I don’t think that factors into it,” Cas says, tipping his head to the side and either missing or blatantly ignoring the sarcasm. “The mucus membrane of its skin is fragile, but dampened fleece should do just fine.”
“Oh. Like, a present, or something?” Sam says, plopping into a chair on the other side of the table and cocking his head at him curiously.
Dean drops back to the mattress, and something like shame sends all the blood in his body rushing to his face. Great.
“Isn’t it obvious?” Dean says, hands going to his belt, and Cas nearly loses his grasp on clarity watching him. Which was probably the intention.
Cas mouths at the base of his dick, drags his tongue over his balls and lower until Dean is arching off the couch. It goes against every bit of sexual etiquette he’s ever learned when he gets his hands under himself so he can grind against Cas’ mouth on his hole, but whatever. Cas is making contented little sounds against his skin as his tongue works over his rim, so it’s probably okay.
He goes on gut instinct, the heels of his hands pressing into knots of muscle on either side of the base of Cas’ spine, just above the hem of his pants. Why he started there, no idea. Cas doesn’t seem to mind, going by the breathy groans he lets out every time Dean presses down. The position is a close approximation of something that’s kept Dean up at night for years, with just the small matter of clothes in this version.
“Can make it better though, just - I gotta get something,” Dean says, learning over him to kiss his cheek. “Stay right there.”
From there, it’s a simple enough thing to slick up his fingers and reach behind himself. He’d taken care of most of the work before they’d started, so going from two to three happens easily enough. He rides his hand slowly while he looks over his handiwork, at the steady rise of Cas’ chest, at the blissed-out expression on his face. It’d be effortless to come like this. He
"I'll take your word for it," Dean says, sliding his bowl to the side with what seems like an entirely appropriate amount of existential despair.
She takes the exit for Spirit Lake, and Dean can practically feel his blood pressure rise as they pull up to a steel utility building painted in garish patriotic red, white, and blue on the edge of town. Sam claps him on the shoulder on the way out, and a guy who must be Carl offers him a classically midwestern two-handed handshake in welcome.
“I would take you places. Sam and Jack too. Is it true you’ve never swam in the ocean? Sam mentioned that once.”
“‘For what in your life do you feel most grateful?’” Dean asks, his turn to play interviewer from the passenger seat as Cas steers them up I-55 through Illinois.
Cas tips his head to the side and keeps his expression flat. Years (eons) of practice come in handy. “Did you just ask for a monogamous commitment before we’ve even -”
Before he can talk himself out of it, he swings his leg around to straddle Cas’ thighs, his hands resting easily above Cas’ hip bones. Oh God, this was a mistake. Even in baggy flannel pants, Cas is gorgeous. The curve of his ass, the tension in his thighs. Dean tries to settle his idiot heartbeat and overheating nervous system sending electric arcs from his fingertips to his brain, sure that Cas can tell.
Cas is smiling against his mouth, Dean can feel the shape of it against his lips. This can’t be their first kiss, he has to have kissed Cas a thousand times. Because the alternative? That he’s known Cas for over a decade and never, not once, got to hear the sound he makes when Dean slips his tongue into his mouth? Insane. It takes him a moment to realize he can touch him other places too. He’s been touching him all week and Cas has welcomed it, instigated it even, half the time. One hand against Cas chest, over his heart, the other on his face, angling him until their mouths slip together just right.
Dean graciously relinquishes the opportunity to mock intentional exercise in favor of a follow-up question.
Cas parks the car a quarter mile past their target, going so far as to do a perfect, Driver’s Ed-quality three point turn in order to have the car facing the opposite direction from where they came.
The thing is, he knows what he looks like. A fluke of genetics has made people want to take him to bed since he could pass for eighteen. The way Cas is looking at him is both exactly like how everyone’s always looked at him and like no ever has. He pulls Cas to his feet, and while Cas takes care of his own shirt, Dean drops to his knees on the threadbare carpet to help him out of his pants. He’s a helpful person, after all. If he slides Cas’ belt free of the loops a little slower than absolutely required, who’s to know. He wants Cas to feel it.
“All of it,” Dean finally says, deciding on the unvarnished truth. “That’s my answer. I want someone for all of it. The good days and the shit ones, all the boring stuff in the middle. Someone that sticks around.”
“Of course.” Cas hopes it won’t require as much liquid courage for Dean to revisit the topic, but he can be patient.
Dean claps a hand on his shoulder on his way to the showers with a quip about washing off the road dust. Cas should do the same, once the risk of being in any proximity to an undressed Dean has passed. Obviously, nothing about wanting Dean - the depth and breadth of him, body and mind - has changed on his side. It is a facet of their relationship, of his
“Well, at this body’s current rate of cellular decay, I would expect my natural death to occur in approximately fifty four years.”
“You watching me sleep?” he croaks. Cas continues the meandering journey of his palm from the nape of Dean’s neck to his tailbone, as much for his own benefit as Dean’s. Dean lets out a long, slow breath, eyes drifting shut again.
Cas gets a hand around the base of his dick, rubbing the head against Dean’s bottom lip, dragging it across his cheek before filling his mouth again. It’s filthy and possessive and Dean
“I don’t think this chair has the craftsmanship to withstand -” Dean shifts forward, knees pressing into the back of the creaking chair, finally getting things lined up like they should be, “the combined weight of two full-grown men.”
“I don’t know what you are referring to,” Cas says with a sigh. He had forgotten how poorly he tolerates mornings as a human without the chemical assistance of caffeine.
Dean considers it. When it comes to sweaty crowds vs. funnel cake, funnel cake is always going to win. “What the hell, why not.”
“Will there be a cake decorated with a motif from the most recent Disney smash hit? I hear Frozen II was a triumph. Balloons? A bounce house?” Jack asks, eyes wide.
Cas, for his part, is looking at him the same way he always has. The difference now is that Dean knows everything that look means.
for your martyr complex,” Dean groans, pulling the pie close and earning a chuckle from Cas. “But this is an easy one.”
That’s mostly true. He is tired, down to his bones, but he knows from his last foray into humanity that a bit of baseline weariness is to be expected.
Cas just nods, all serene, like of course, obviously he knows how to surf. Trying to picture it, Dean laughs, until he doesn't - the prospect of Cas in board shorts has some serious merit.
“It would still be a deviation from the vehicle’s manufacturing standards. One that would merit correction, unless by fortunate happenstance the factory’s quality control personnel failed to notice.”
Dean needs to move his hands - there’s so much he wants to feel - but he can’t stop grasping at the back of Cas’ coat. Like he’s holding him in place, keeping him here. Like he’s always,
Cas shrugs, faux nonchalance. He’s starving, but he doesn’t want to be a bother. “If you would like to.”
Just outside of town, Dean pulls into a Gas n’ Sip parking lot, and Cas ducks inside to change in the restroom. He opts for the jeans over Dean’s initial objections, but skips the belt. He carefully folds his scavenged clothes and tucks them into a corner of the trunk. They seem a suitable memento of a very surreal 24 hours. When he slips back into the passenger seat, Dean hands him a breakfast burrito and a coffee from the gas station.
He just manages to wait until the woman is out of eyesight before peeling back the wrapper and diving in. Peanut butter and jelly, because the universe enjoys narrative symmetry, apparently. He tastes far more than molecules this time around. It’s delicious.
“I was being literal then, but fine. Let me spell it out,” he says, Dean wide-eyed and too appealing for words beneath him. “I’d marry you, I’d share your bed for fifty years. Longer if fate allows. I’d know your body, get familiar with the parts of your mind I don’t already know. I’d make you happy. Or try to, anyway.”
“No, Cas - you’re riding shotgun this time,” Sam says, clapping him on the shoulder. “I’d say you’ve more than earned it. Dean flashes Sam a look that Cas doesn’t understand, but it doesn’t seem like protest.
“The ones with the curved blades and the daisy-print handle,” Cas calls out, which is helpful, because there are at least eight things that look like they could conceivably be pruners. Dean can think of several lesser monsters that could be easily handled with any one of them.
So far, it’s taken all of Cas’ concentration to keep up with Dean’s mouth, and his hands have stayed uselessly slack at his sides when they could be touching instead. Around Dean’s middle they go, featherlight on his back like he’s barely allowed this indulgence. Dean just presses closer, warm and sure against him like this is something he can actually have. Cas slides his palms up, over Dean’s shoulder blades, down again with the tips of his fingers in the divot along either side of his spine.
“Oh, yeah, that was a weird week - there was this wood nymph, and -” Sam tells the rest of the story, as Cas sips his coffee and gives 80% of his attention to what he can see of Dean’s face in his peripheral vision.
“Yeah, see, this -” Dean gestures at the lack of space between them, “- I can do. This makes sense to me.”
This doesn’t shock him as much as it would have a few days ago. Not now that he better understands Dean’s feelings, the emotional map of his quiet devotion. He selfishly wishes he’d heard those prayers, while he was asleep. It would have saved some confusion upon his return. Dean’s prayers have always been more decipherable than his speech. Still, this doesn’t explain...
The thing is, of course he does. He wants to get in the way real, real bad. But Cas isn’t supposed to be able to tell.
“So, you want a real morning after?” Dean asks. “Most of mine haven’t been, uh, the highlight of the experience.” But then he thinks of Lisa again, her head on his chest, his arm around her, touching the soft skin of her shoulder. Her making him late for work, and him not minding at all. “But sometimes. Yeah, sometimes morning’s can be pretty great. Depends on who you’re with.”
“Well, that’s good. I’ll leave the pistols and the flamethrower at home then,” Dean says, turning off the water and leaning back against the counter to watch Cas carefully line up the last of the mugs in the cupboard.
"I want to steal our neighbor's raspberries," Cas says with as much gravitas as if he's planning to rob the Bellagio. "And sweet peas. Possibly the carrots as well, though I can't be sure that's necessary yet."
,” he says, loud enough to earn a scowl from a pair of sunburned parents at the table, just trying to eat their shitty theme park gyros with their too-many kids in peace. “Sorry.”
Cas brushes off his hands on his borrowed pants, realizing belatedly that it might be slightly rude to get them this dirty when they aren’t his own. Maybe Dean could show him how to use the bunker’s somewhat old-fashioned washer and dryer tomorrow.
Dean stumbles off the chair and flops back onto the bed in question with his feet hanging off the end. He gets his elbows underneath himself in time to see Cas drop to a kneel.
Dean swallows thickly, clears his throat. He has a million more questions he wants to ask, but it feels wrong, somehow. In that dimension, he didn’t know Cas. Or Bobby, Jody, Donna, Claire, Jack, and so many others. It feels disloyal, somehow, to look too deeply into what might have been.
“Wait though, you said your answer had something to do with me,” Dean says before his mouth filter has finished receiving a giant, blaring RED ALERT from his brain. “But uh,” he backpedals, “You were pretty out of it, maybe that’s not what you meant.”
Cas’ smile widens, but when he goes to stand up, he veers heavily to the side and nearly hits the deck.
Cas doesn’t say where they’re headed, just tells Dean where to turn until they’re pulling in front of a plain brick building a couple of towns over. The sign reads, “United Food Pantry, All Are Welcome.”
“I won’t stop, Dean. Not ever,” he says, kissing just under his eye, his jaw, his temple. “I’ll tell you until our days run out, how good you are. How loving.”
He sees his own face at the footsteps of a house in Colorado, when Cas was someone else entirely with no memory at all of him. Jesus, did he really look at Cas like that? Like he...like he always...
Dean opens up his phone, adding it to the already-long supply list. He heads back outside as Cas moves on to inspect the bathroom. The weapons shed has fared better than the house itself, the metal roof and warded iron door holding up despite years of neglect. He hauls their bags there from the trunk of the car, deciding that they stand a better shot of still being usable stored amongst the knives and guns until the house is a bit more inhabitable.
When the package arrives a week later, Dean doesn’t want to make a big deal out of it. He waits until Cas is busy with the garden before slipping into his room and leaving the package of three Cross Century Classic pens on his desk, next to the veritable miniature stationary shop Cas has set up. Notebooks and index cards and post-it notes, all meticulously organized. But also, Dean notices, all cheap as shit.
Sam pops off the cap and drains half of the bottle in one go, then twists around in his seat to face Dean. “For starters, we learned that we don’t have to be in actual, real danger for him to show up.”
“Bed, you gotta get me -” Dean says, groaning as Cas changes the angle, and he gets introduced to Cas’ throat, tight and perfect.
Cas groans, letting his head thunk onto Dean's shoulder. "We should talk about this first. About so many things."
Dean pushes the sweaty, slightly overgrown hair out of Cas’ face, nearly long enough now to tuck behind his ear. Cas is right; he knows that. And Charlie’s brilliantly hacked credit cards aside, this thing - this
“I’m going to sever the connection to your mind now,” Cas says, and that’s all the warning Dean gets before he suddenly feels a twenty degree drop in the room’s temperature, and a weird feeling of pervasive loneliness.
The sun is setting as they head due west across central Missouri. They could stop again in Hannibal or Macon or any other one-exit town along the way, but Dean keeps his foot on the gas and Cas stays quiet. They pull into the bunker’s garage just before midnight.
“Of course, Dean,” Cas says. He’s eager for it himself; the leg room available in a late 1990’s Civic leaves something to be desired.
Dean shrugs. "What? Like you wouldn't commit a bigger crime for me, any day of the week. You helped me and Sam
“So...Sam’s not expecting us back until tomorrow,” Dean says, breathing hard when Cas’ fingers dip beneath the hem of his shirt and his mouth finds the spot on Dean’s neck that makes him go boneless.
Cas returns just as Dean finishes plating the last of the pancakes and pulling a pan of sausages out of the oven. Jack offers a friendly wave when he rounds the corner behind Cas, going automatically for the plates and silverware to set the table like someone actually taught him manners sometime between his birth and first or second death.
Dean holds up his hands, conceding the point. “So you’re saying you, what. Offer Carl all the money we definitely don’t have to take you up in that plane again, but see if you can slap some angel handcuffs on Cas the second you hit the ground?”
“Ah, so you’re finally making it official,” Jack says, tapping his bottle of beer against Cas’ at dinner.
“No, nothing like that. I ran across an interesting journal article the other day, a study of questions designed to improve a relationship's intimacy. I thought we could try them.”
“The hell?” Dean sputters, even though, truly, why is he surprised? It’s Crowley. “What do you mean he’s fine?”
Cas tips forward, sliding easily past Dean’s spit-slick lips. Then it’s just one, two, three more times, in and out and Dean barely shuts his eyes in time for the warm splashes of come across his face, some landing across his still-open mouth and sliding down his neck, some catching in his eyelashes and dripping past his temples into his hair. All to the soundtrack of Cas gasping above him, interspersed with a ridiculous litany of praise that Dean can’t possibly deserve.
Cas yawns. “No. I’ll never be done romancing you. I’m just very tired. And our bed is very comfortable.”
"And this fine establishment does have burgers," Cas says, turning a menu around to show Dean. "You'll want to order the 'I Am Magical.'"
Dean holds a hand up, stopping him. “Cas, come on.” He looks pained, the opposite of Cas’ intention. As has often been the case in the history of their friendship. “If you say I should’ve left you at a bus station in Buffalo...what kind of shithead do you think I am?”
“I don’t even know where to start,” Dean says honestly. “I’ve had a lot of highs and a lot of fucking lows.”
There isn't an argument for that, and they both know it. Jody hops in the driver’s seat a minute or two later, and she shoots Dean a half smile that’s kind enough to make him stare at his shoes until they reach the interstate.
“Uh, what’s going on?” Dean asks, after swallowing a mouthful of perfect bacon. The day he taught Cas that the oven is far superior to the stovetop for bacon should go down in history. He’s benefited from it ever since.
“Are you looking for feedback, or are these rhetorical questions?” Cas asks, keeping his eyes fixed on Dean’s face rather than the extremely interesting expanse of his bare chest.
Cas nods, pleased. The arc of the moral universe is long, but bends toward justice. Dean relaxes in his seat, one hand dropping to the small space between their seats. Cas is more conscious of the distance than he would prefer, some significant part of his brain dedicated to informing him at regular intervals that if he were to shift his own hand to the left by a scant number of inches, they’d be touching.
