"I'll meet you at your destination."
"Sam prayed and I answered," Cas snaps back, "because you ordered that I respond to his prayers as well as yours."
“Tell you what,” Meg wags her pencil at him before scribbling something on a post-it. “I’m off most days by six. Call me sometime and we can talk about how not-haunted your house is.” She sticks the post-it to the top book in his stack and smiles up at him.
Cas idly strokes along the insides of Dean's parted thighs, barely brushing his erection with the backs of his hands. The want in Dean roars.
— — — — —
Dean’s face goes a careful kind of blank, his shoulders stiffen. “I screwed with you,” he points out.
Honesty isn't part of the curse, Dean's just lost his grip on that locker door. And it's pretty much guaranteed to turn Cas on.
Dean points at Sam and makes a
Sam switches to confused face. "Just overnight. But we thought that was it, we didn't think you'd make it. But—you're awake!"
“So, the house was built in the early nineteen-hundreds,” begins Ava’s spiel. Castiel only half listens.
Dean shifts to the side and spins Cas to face him. "It's the thought that counts," he shrugs. Cas laughs again and taps at the pancake.
Castiel had drawn up a whole list with Meg of simple, reasonable, very basic questions he’d intended to ask the ghost, but all he can think to ask now is “You’ve killed demons?”
So here he is, standing on Sam Winchester’s front stoop, an ostensible photographer colleague with a bad case of nerves, whose only camera is the iPhone in his pocket.
“Job security for me, then.” Castiel doesn’t miss the coy quirk in her smile or the quick rake of her eyes over him as they turn down one of the narrow aisles.
He waits for Meg’s outrage but instead she asks, dangerously calm, “What’s wrong with your electricity, Clarence?”
Cas huffs angrily above him. "Dean." The
“We definitely shouldn’t do this,” Castiel says, brushing a hand over Dean’s growing erection before flipping open the button of his jeans with absolutely no intention of stopping.
“You sure about that?”
The living room is a disaster.
“What? That’s disgusting.”
Sam and Meg exchange introductions but all Castiel can manage is a curt nod. Sam’s eyebrows scrunch together briefly at Castiel’s silence, but his politeness doesn’t falter. “Come in. Let’s get you guys settled.”
Dean thinks about getting back to his boat, putting to sea again. He thinks about the other members on his crew, about Chuck's spam and marmalade sandwiches, the wide empty ocean, the spark and smoke of a torpedo fire. He knows he can't wish away the war. Like Cas said, he has to go out and meet it. And he will, but . . .
And then it sinks in.
"No, it's—"
Castiel gazes up at the hundred-year-old farmhouse that’s become his home. The windows reflect the fading autumn sunlight like the eerie shine of cat eyes, and the porch is a dark grin sweeping along the front. For the first time in months, he finds himself afraid to enter. Maybe this is what his poor realtor had felt the day of his first visit—and that makes him wonder how many times Dean had scared her off before Castiel arrived.
"Yeah, well, you can ride sidecar any time." Dean looks around at the woods they've materialized in. He's so sick of trees he could scream, but there's bird sounds and that forest-fresh smell that never existed in the sulfur sludge of Purgatory. "I owe you one. Or a hundred," he says, shifting Cas's weight once more.
"Dean," Cas calls warningly, but he's already coming, fingers clenched hard around Dean's cock, hips pushing short and fast and fierce inside him. Dean shouts because he's hitting the right spot, over and over—and Dean can't tell anymore, can't tell the difference between pleasure and pain. It all cuts through him, slicing clean, and at last Dean comes too, revels in the release, right before Cas goes lax, falling loose and heavy on top of him.
— — — — —
Maybe anger lends the focus Castiel needed, because he sinks the next three nails with just two hits each.
"Nah," he brushes aside that thing that feels like disappointment. "Like you said, not a peep."
. In fact, the longer Dean ignores it as he tries to scrape up the toothpaste mess, the worse it aches. He could try one more time, he thinks. He feels ready to burst anyway, it shouldn't take long. He just needs this gone, needs the damn thing to go away like it should. Wincing, Dean whips it out again and jacks himself fast, leaning over the sink. "Come on, come on, come on," he pleads through clenched teeth. Something's going on here, something definitely not natural, but he's not sure how much this new sharing-and-caring policy with Sam really covers. There's some shit you just don't want to know about your brother.
“I’m learning to appreciate it,” Castiel replies, because he is. What he wants to ask is whether Dean has had much for comparison. Did he live and die in Kansas? Did he ever exist anywhere else?
"I'll go," he nods, as if that's what he expected Dean to say. Through the haze of half asleep, Dean tries to remember if he's ever ordered Cas away. He doesn't think so. He hopes not.
She takes it, a flicker of victory in her smile. “Castiel?”
"Ready?" Dean asks, hand testing the temperature of the water pouring from the bath faucet. He pulls a lever and water shoots from the shower head. In quick seconds, before Castiel has a chance to adjust to the spray, Dean ducks out of sight and a curtain slides between them.
"Wait, what?" Dean steps forward. "Crowley's alive?"
Dean picks up a towel and swipes a dab of shaving cream from Cas's earlobe. "What does?"
Right.
"I don't feel well," Cas informs him, half clutching one of Dean's arms, legs still tangled below him.
“And Dean, he’s . . . ? I mean, we never talked about it. It never occurred to me. Not that there’s anything wrong with it! Really. I just wish he would’ve told me, I guess. For the most part I was a kid, you know? He definitely hooked up with plenty of girls, but never dated anyone seriously. I always thought maybe that was because of the war or taking care of me, or whatever.” Sam fidgets with a sleeve cuff, seeming so much younger than his near-sixty years.
"The circumstances were . . .  unsustainable. I wanted you, Dean. I
Dean grins. And rolls his hips.
His brain's drowning in endorphins. He's pretty sure Cas is keeping him from having a heart attack by sheer force of angelic will.
Castiel relaxes his shoulder and lets the phone clatter to the floor. It feels like the screw threads have finally caught and he scrambles to tighten the cover into place. He pumps a triumphant fist when cover stays put.
Cas wants this, wants him. Maybe he's always wanted him.
Cas does his half laugh thing Dean hasn't seen in ages, and the fact that it makes him ache in his actual bones makes him kinda believe that dorky thing Sam said about absence and hearts growing fonder, or whatever.
“I’m sorry, Dean.” That’s hardly enough, but it’s the only thing Castiel can think to say, so he weighs down the words with as much empathy as he can. He’d made a lot of guesses about Dean’s cause of death over the last few months and a car accident had been one of them, but the circumstances surrounding it—that Sam had been driving Dean’s baby, that Dean had just been injured trying to protect Sam. A random tragedy, Dean called it, and yes. That’s exactly what it was, and the injustice of that claws at Castiel.
Zuul.
Cas nods. Neither of them moves. There's no telling when they'll be together next. They can't risk this again, not here. But they'll find their way back. They have so far.
"You have me, Dean."
Closing the bathroom door, he flicks the switch for the light, glad there's still just the one ugly incandescent bulb stuck in the fixture above the mirror. He pulls his t-shirt up to his ribs and picks at a corner of the bandage until he can peel it back. It hurts like a sonofabitch and Dean ends up braced against the counter, breathing through the pain. Another bruise catches his eye then, this one on his side, near his hip. He hikes his shirt a little higher but the bruise keeps going. He can't think of what it might be from, not that it matters. Falling on Bobby, maybe? He peels his shirt off the rest of the way.
Dean waves off the obvious. "No, I mean, did you pay?" Cas's head tilt is an answer in itself, and Dean laughs, hard. "I can't believe you just stole eggs. Some angel you are," he ribs, returning to cookie making.
"There's more, Dean." He sounds like shards of glass and gravel. "There's more to— Please—"
Castiel rolls his eyes. “It’s a nice change of pace.”
Dean pushes in more with small circling motions and is surprised to find Cas doesn't clamp against the intrusion. It's like instead of fighting it, Cas's body is eager for Dean. He gets two fingers in before long, stripping them in and out, always pushing, nudging, circling.
Castiel puts a hand on the banister and nods to Sam, ready to mount the steps to complete his task, but when he turns back, static scratches in the air and then there’s Dean.
"I'm here, Dean," Cas whispers, lips somewhere near his ear as his hand softly scoops into place once more. "I'm here."
It doesn’t seem impossible. He spots a number of Asian restaurants worth trying and independent bookshops with Pride flags tucked in windows. Overall, Lawrence seems welcoming, manageable.
he wants to ask, but doesn’t.
Castiel chooses not to take offense at
He finds a fuller appreciation for the word “spooky” as he takes a seat on the sofa. The gallop of his heart makes his body want to race. His lungs scream for more air. But he keeps a studied cool as he eases back into the cushions, deliberate, like not showing fear to a predator.
As a pretense of productivity one morning, he begins shoving around furniture, telling himself he’s determining the floor plan for after he refinishes the hardwood. Plus, it keeps him from watching the news.
His new midday hobby is experimenting with making different kinds of sandwiches for lunch. At Angelus he had typically worked through lunch or eaten out, so constructing an everyman afternoon meal has a kind of charm.
They work in silent tandem then, Dean reaching down to pull off Cas's crappy, worn-out hospital shoes and peel off his socks as Cas lifts each foot. Dean slides his fingers into the elastic bands of pants and boxers at Cas's hips, widening his fingers and pulling the material out away from where it's dug into him. He barely brushes his skin as he lowers his arms and he averts his eyes as he bends to the side, allowing Cas to use his shoulder as a brace to climb out of each leg.
Dean can't hold himself up, can't help, can't do anything.
And with that, he flutters away, leaving Dean flushed and full of want in the good way. He turns around with a happy sigh that quickly switches to a frown at Sam's sappy, knowing grin, and lifts his duffle to shove it in the trunk. Something new catches his eye, though, and he stops.
They go again. And again. Cas doesn't seem to mind the semen on his fingers, or the way Dean clutches at his shoulders, his arms, his clothes. He stays calm, moves as Dean directs or demonstrates, and never once flinches or laughs or complains.
Dean's scream is unbearable.
And Dean should've realized that a long time before now.
“Pretty sure. Once I found him in the obit, I did a White Pages search and found this.” She hands him a second paper.
That last part, that's tricky. Which might be a little bit why Dean likes it best.
“But . . .” Dean scratches the back of his neck, “Look, I’m no economics whizkid but according to those news broadcasts you can’t stop watching, that’s what happened, isn’t it?”
“Hnnnnnng,” Dean breathes and scoots up to help Castiel wriggle his jeans down his hips. Leave it to Dean Winchester to not have briefs on.
"Dean?" Cas's voice breaks, low and rough.
"We do have our work cut out for us."
"I'm the one should be thanking you. Looks like you had enough human mojo after all."
and gives himself five minutes to take care of it.
Castiel accepts that silently. It’s not the first time he’s been teased for being born in the wrong era, but sincerity is easier when concealed in politeness. He quickly calculates the risk of embarrassment—his and Dean’s—and decides to take a chance on direct honesty. “I like you too.”
“Takes more energy to show up, especially in daytime,” and Castiel notices that, indeed, Dean is less see-through now that the light has waned. “It’s easier to move stuff—not so much a sustained effort, if you see what I mean. But yeah, I’m around.” He pauses for a second, suddenly a little awkward. “I mean, I’m not dogging your steps or watching you sleep or anything weird. I’m just, you know . . .”
"No," Dean repeats. "No. I don't know what kind of crazy shit you've all been reading, or whatever, but you're wrong." He blows by Sam, pointedly knocking into his shoulder, stalking into the kitchen and out the back door. As he storms into the growing dark, he clamps down on wondering whether that will bruise.
"Nah, I'm good, Sam. Really," he says with a fake smile that turns into a frown the moment Sam hangs up.
Dean wants to sob. He might be sobbing, actually. He also wants to unbutton his damn shirt and climb out of these clothes, but he can't seem to uncup his hands from his crotch anymore. He realizes too late that's because he's already massaging the heel of one hand into his hard on. It feels too good to knock it off. "Fuck," he bites out. "Cas, you gotta go. I . . . have a thing I have to do."
She flushes pink. “Oh, you’re right. Of course.”
Cas sets the spatula down very carefully, away from the hot burner. His breath is already ragged. "Dean," he repeats. "Do you know why it was always kitchens, Dean? Why I came back to watch you cook?" Dean wags his head, presses a near silent no into Cas's hair. "Because you're beautiful when you're in control. When you're working." Dean rubs his thumb over the damp slit of Cas's cock. "Oh," Cas wavers. "Oh, yes." He makes a little plaintive moan-y sound. "Always wanted your hands on me, Dean."
"Dude, what have you guys been doing? No, wait, don't answer that. It's about food, or something, and sounds kinky. I don't want to know. But look, Cas says he's done just about everything he can to get you to move out and you won't do it. So, what's with the change of heart? I mean, I'm all for it, but—"
Always so polite, that Cas, even when he's not acting officer. Dean smiles and obliges, dipping down to nudge that tight point of muscle again.
Sam is all big eyes and useless hands. "We'll find a way to—"
“Of course. Yeah. That’s— I’m glad. That he had you, eventually, I mean.”
The next piece of molding he’d been about to fetch is floating next to him. He slides a look at Dean.
"Yeah, I tried
Castiel has one spare second to plead Dean's name before a Leviathan is on them, jaws ready and tongue lashing. He grips its throat and shoves the fire of his grace—of Dean's soul—through its being, incinerating it from within. "Dean!" He shouts this time, but of course receives no response. There isn't time to heal him here. Castiel clenches Dean's battered jacket in his fist and transports them away.
Castiel cocks his head to read it. It’s a phone number. He returns her smile and bobs a nod. “I will. Thank you.”
The toy soldier, Castiel thinks. It had probably been Dean’s, and Dean himself had been a soldier. “What service?”
, and that squishy affection he really should man up and start calling love more often all squirm inside Dean. He steps close and cups a hand to Cas's jaw, drawing his gaze up. "Here's the difference from now on, 'kay? Doing something in the name of Heaven? Totally off limits. Doing something for you, Cas, because
And there they are, little emotional dominoes lining up like soldiers. Castiel’s chest aches. He wishes he could fold Dean’s hand in his. Instead, Dean’s arms are crossed, feet still on the table.
Dean blinks, scoots closer.
“It’s cool, man. It’s not like I don’t know.”
Dean frowns. He'd thought they were past the disappearing acts. "He just took off?"
The dark, the heat of Dean’s body, the rough rush of their breath—for several long seconds Cas knows only this. The world, the war, the fury of Heaven on Earth, none of it exists. There’s just them, this, Dean.
Cas nods, and they're gone.
Dean lets out a shocked cry, half because Cas's thigh is back—pressing awesomely up and in against Dean, his own cock hot and heavy at Dean's hip—and half because he gets it, gets what's different now.
He's scraping the onions into the pot, and at Cas's "Hello, Dean," he almost loses the small cutting board into the burbling stewed tomatoes, too.
So now he's dreaming about kissing angels in kitchens. Well, one angel. The kitchen changes.
Dean begins to tug Cas's white shirt up from where it's been eternally tucked into his pants. He pulls the fabric free in handfuls, slips his hands beneath it and onto Cas's skin for the first time. Cas sucks in a breath, immediately exhaling Dean's name. Dean drags his palms up Cas's back, down his spine, around his ribs. "Dean— Dean—" Cas repeats between bites and kisses along Dean's ear and neck, like he can't remember what whe wanted to say beyond that. Dean moves one hand down around Cas's ass, holding his body hard against him as he ruts forward to feel Cas's hard-on next to his. Cas groans deep. Dean almost loses it.
"What, you don't eat between meals? Come on." Dean beckons with a spoonful.
"This is not a wound you can treat, Dean." He wipes blood from his mouth with his sleeve. "Please, you must go. We're still under attack."
Dean jumps sideways before remembering it's just Cas. He yanks his pants better into place indignantly and glares at the angel seated on the edge of the other bed.
"A shower," Dean quips, and gives himself a second to take stock. His stomach hurts, sharp and strong, but it's a constant ache, not a stabbing one. He feels weak but not fatigued, and his head feels clear, if a little woozy—all of which is probably from not eating for a couple days. It takes longer for those things to click than it should, but they do. Dean's eyebrows crunch together and he feels his stomach rumble. "And I think I'm hungry."
“And reapers, they’re not guys in hoods with big blades on sticks.”
He waits until night to talk to Cas, until everyone has gone to bed and Cas has slipped in under the covers next to him. He wants to get it all out before he falls asleep, in case he doesn't wake up again.
"Better not be anybody else," Dean quips quietly and gives Cas's earlobe a playful bite.
"Thanks, man," Dean says, meaning a lot more than just the hand up.
Dean gawps at him, probably crazy eyed, but Cas just stares all serious and sexy at him through his eyelashes. "No, Dean," he says, voice deep enough to be from a quarry. His gaze slides over to the sturdy red wood kitchen table then back up to Dean. "I have you," his fingers pick at Dean's belt, "exactly," he unthreads the belt from the buckle, exposing the button of Dean's jeans, "where I want you."
The angel's frowning now, too. "No. I've done what I can, but it's . . . It's not within my power, apparently." He glances down nervously, moving the bowl from the bed onto the nightstand. Dean's eyes follow.
Castiel’s first night alone in the house had been cold. He’d slept on his new mattress in layers of his running clothes and a fraternity sweatshirt he hadn’t worn since college. He’s since called someone about the old but operational boiler in the cellar Ava had probably mentioned when he hadn’t been listening. The house has heat now—for what it’s worth given all the drafts—and hot water. Coffee helps. Castiel squints at the sun and takes a sip.
, Cas loses his breath and begs.
He works at Cas, going for a little more lube when he needs it, sometimes just petting to relax him, occasionally teasing his hole. At one point he leans down to lap at Cas's nipple and Cas hums approval. He tests a finger, slipping it into Cas just up to the knuckle, and Cas buries his face into Dean's shoulder.
Cas is a solid shadow, chin to his chest, hands clenched in determined fists, and fierce stare fixed on Dean. It's a look that says he's either going to smite you or fuck you. Dean swallows. Right now, his money's on smite.
,” Castiel gasps. His hips stutter in place even before his first short thrust, and he feels Dean shudder as he moves, sliding up and then down the slick and sensitive channel. After he regains some control, Castiel prods the blunt head of his cock against the ripe rim Dean’s body, not to seek entrance, just because he knows what it does to Dean, the feel of it, the potential for it.
The realtor is waiting on the front porch when Castiel pulls up in his rental car, her smile as tight as her grip on the folders of paperwork clutched to her chest. The windy spring day tosses the budding branches of a sprawling maple tree in the yard, but Castiel suspects she’s not bracing in the wind. Her tension probably has more to do with the fact that he’d called just yesterday to inform her that he’d be purchasing the property, at the asking price, sight unseen. Not a typical transaction, especially not in this part of the country.
"Look at me, Dean." Cas taps his cheek. "Look at me. It's the last time. You need to stay with me, Dean."
When they stop for too long—too long being anywhere from thirty seconds to five minutes—it gets painful. If they stop for longer than that it gets really painful. Unless Dean conks out. Sometimes he lets himself, and sometimes Cas makes him, just to give his body a break from the endorphins. Dean's communicated most of how it seems to be working to Cas, not that the pattern's hard to pick up on, but what he doesn't tell him is that the good, warm, glowy feeling flares up every time he looks at or even thinks about Cas. And if that feeling isn't paid attention to, that's when pain kicks in. Dean's pretty sure somebody once did an experiment like this with dogs and drooling, or maybe it was rats and food. Sam would know.
“Wow,” Dean shakes his head in amazement.
barrels through him. "Oh God, never mind, just come here. Please, come here."
Castiel’s shoulders drop and he sighs out his irrational tension. City instincts don’t apply to country living. Or maybe it’s living alone so far out in the country that’s making him paranoid. Either way, there’s nothing and no one here now. Just some cross-draft suction at work on weakened old door latches. Castiel supposes he’ll have to look into repairing or replacing those after all. He closes the kitchen door and secures the lock, then heads back out to the hall.
Head still hanging, Sam nods. “And he’s angry with me. He’s been angry at me for thirty-five years.”
Half an hour later he has the texts he needs plus a few more on refurbishment and stops by the reference desk, resolved to better thank Meg for her help. Before he can even begin, though, she’s eyed his selection and is ready with a retort. “Landed yourself a fixer-upper?”
— end —
It's just a regular kiss at first. Just Cas's broad mouth, warm and soft. But it heats up fast. Their mouths open and Cas's tongue pushes in, sliding along Dean's in a way that fires up every sex impulse Dean has. Dean finds Cas's hips and cinches him tight, letting Cas's hum of approval roll hot through him. Then Cas nudges forward, pelvis pushing against Dean, once, twice—just enough, just a little—and if Dean wasn't getting hard before, he sure as fuck is now.
A hand finds Cas’s thigh, hasty and goading, and Castiel wrestles with the temptation to push in, to have Dean tight around his cock and come hard inside him so he can crawl back down and suck it out of him, lap up the mess as it slides out of Dean’s fucked-wide hole. But he bites his lip and resists. Another day, when he can see it, when he can watch Dean’s rim give up his come and see the shock and wonder on Dean’s face as Castiel leans down to clean it up.
He’s standing in the kitchen with the refrigerator door open contemplating giving grilled cheese another try when a voice behind him says, “Bacon.”
Alarm kicks up in Castiel. “You were killed by campus police?” Surely that would’ve made headlines. He could ask Meg for the newspaper articles.
"Powered up. You used his soul to juice up to get Sam and me out of Frontierland."
"You are NOT coming in, Sammy," Dean threatens, holding the door fast. Cas comes out of the bathroom, wiping his hands on a towel. His tie is off, his collar open, sleeves rolled up. So of course Dean's dick kicks into gear. He feels flushed all over already.
. Cas drags his fingers up Dean's sides, lifting Dean's shirt as he goes, rucking it up just high enough to—
Castiel shoots her a look. “No.”
The tree line remains clear of threat so far, but Castiel can hear the Leviathan gathering, seeking him.
Cas stills. Dean opens his eyes to see Cas looking up at him through his eyelashes, completely nonplussed. "Not my problem," he grates.
"Exactly," Cas grumbles under his breath. Breath Dean is close enough to feel before Cas shifts away.
“I understand.” Castiel wishes Sam would never stop. He wants to hear every story he has to tell, soak up every detail of Sam’s impressions and interpretations of Dean. But Meg has a point. They have a problem that needs solving.
Castiel just shrugs. “I get the impression your good opinion is difficult to obtain. I appreciate that I’ve secured it.”
"Oh, God. Oh, fuck."
— — — — —
“What?”
Cas leaves that evening before the chili's done, even though Lisa and Ben won't be back. He's silent as he rinses off his cutting board, collects his coat, and kisses Dean good-bye. All of it done a little slowly, a little sadly. Dean's heart sticks in his throat the whole time.
The sight in the mirror makes his stomach churn.
Obviously he’s just forgetting. His concentration has been divided between several projects, so that’s possible. But in the last few days a number of his tools have gone missing entirely and even though he tells himself he just doesn’t recall wandering away with something in his hand, it’s beginning to try his patience. This was what every book on home repair he’s read warned about—moving onto a new project before fully completing your first (or second, or third) can lead to absentmindedness and induce exasperation. His experience can’t be all that atypical. Still, sometimes Castiel thinks the house is deliberately making things harder on him.
Dean chuckles and shakes his head. "No, Cas,
“I appreciate that.” Castiel bobs the remaining half of his sandwich in cheers as Meg gets up to return to work. She leaves him the rest of the chips.
"Curse!?" Dean squawks as his whole body tenses with another one of those unbelievable waves of pleasure, followed by the wash of pain. The room spins and he clings to his grip on reality. Curse. Curse makes sense. Cursed object, museum of ancient religious artifacts. Dean shoulda seen that one coming. No pun intended. "Yeah, okay, curse. How'd that happen?"
Dean is stationed nearby, apparently waiting for him, but he doesn't move when Castiel pushes the curtain aside. Instead his posture stiffens and his eyes grow a little larger. After a second his throat bobs in a swallow. Castiel cocks his head.
This is the thing about risk, Castiel knows now. Sometimes there are very satisfying rewards.
"Heaven had asked so much of you, Dean. I didn't want to ask more, for myself," he says quietly.
Cas's eyes snap open. "Dean!"
"It is. This is the final time," Cas reassures him.
He moves, experimentally, lifting his body just slightly and lowering it again. Dean's hands clutch for him, his mouth finds Castiel’s own, licking a kiss across it and cursing against his lips. "Fuck, Cas. Fuck, do that again."
But Cas doesn't budge. "Clearly you need help. I might still be of some assistance."
And, no. Hell no. He's not getting away with that again.
So, it's one thing to know, in an abstract kind of way, that you think your best angel friend is hot. It's another to have him show up and shove his tongue down your throat and leave you with the most awkward case of blue balls so far this century. Dean doesn't know what he's supposed to think about that, let alone
In a hot white flash he’s gone. And all around them, the lights flicker on throughout the house.
"Wait, so you're saying you already stole the rhino thing? It's already in there?"
He’s about to back down off the ladder when he catches a movement at his peripheral vision.
Dean collapses with a moan, leaving Cas to sit back on his heels. He thinks he makes out the shadow of Dean rolled onto his back, sprawled and sated. The image in his mind’s eye is clearer—Dean’s chest flushed, his cock resting on his thigh, thick but flaccid. He closes his eyes and reaches down, planning to take care of his own erection quickly and quietly, but a hand clasps hard at his knee, stopping him.
Happiness isn’t uncomplicated. Dean’s status an undead, undocumented time immigrant means he’ll never be able to get the automative tech license he wants or participate in any other system that requires a social security number. Their peculiar meet-cute means dodging questions about their early relationship and carefully curating friendships. These are the risks associated with Dean’s cosmic penance and the risks associated with Castiel’s choice to love him, to make this house a home, to stay.
Cas tilts his head in silent question at Dean. Dean flicks a look to the door, and shakes his head. Cas puts down the towel and crosses the room, taking a seat at the end of the bed but keeping a respectable distance from Dean and, thankfully, staying out of his direct eye line.
Meg huffs.
Castiel takes the opportunity to make a break for it, rounding the corner to the front of the house. He plasters himself to the scraped and sanded wood siding to wait, heart hammering, and has to swallow giggles between breaths.
Castiel pushes hard into the kiss, still play-fighting, and gets pinned firmly to the wall in exchange. Dean’s hips roll against his and Castiel moans before sucking a bite into Dean’s shoulder. Then he whispers, seductively as possible, “Drop the brush.”
Cas's centuries are suddenly visible, and sorrow is etched in every one. It's the most familiar the angel has looked in months. "Dean—"
, he thinks as he scopes it out in the motel mirror, but he shrugs and pulls his t-shirt on the rest of the way, grabs his jacket, and goes to meet Sam.
When Cas reaches around his waist, Dean doesn't object, just lets the angel slip against him, sturdy, warm, solid.
Meg pushes away from the counter, throwing up her hands before crossing her arms over her chest. “What’s it gonna take for you? I was sure I had you with the legal thing.”  Her expression is still fond, though.
That’s a snippet of infomercial spiel—
“Thank you for telling me,” Castiel says, voice raspier than expected. “I’m sorry for what happened but I’m glad you shared that.”
Dean slams down the shortening and throws up his hands, but Cas is back before Dean can even start to bitch. And he's holding a carton of eggs.
On his way back to the car, Castiel begins to pick out differences and details he hadn’t noticed earlier. Namely, the empty storefronts. There aren’t many, yet. There will be more. Out of curiosity—or, perhaps, penance—he bounces over a few state streets to gain a sense of Lawrence residential life. It’s not reassuring. The houses are quaint turn-of-the-last-century types, some more in need of lawn care than others. If Castiel didn’t know what he does, he’d call it solidly middle class. Except, there’s nothing solid about it. How many of those homes were purchased in the last few years? How many have adjustable-rate mortgages with interest rates that are starting to spike?
"Goddamn, it hurts. Stop, stop, for a second." He grabs Cas's wrist tight and Cas's eyes widen.
“Can I ask what kind of dangerous Dean is?”
“Sammy, how— Was that me?”
Dean hefts his keys and pushes off the car to go open the store. What he needs to do now is show Cas.
He pushes in lightly and Cas groans, quiet but deep, rolling back off his hip and bending a knee up over Dean's legs, spreading himself under Dean's touch. Dean inches down, furthering his reach. His finger sinks to the knuckle and Cas throws his head back and breathes Dean's name hard.
Sam waits, and Castiel gives in with a sigh. “I loved your brother. I do love him. He helped me through a very dark time with humor and companionship.”
“Ah. The family business, you mean.”
names." He's pretty sure Cas rolls his eyes.
? For the first time in a long time there's no price on our heads, no reason for anybody to make
"Because." Dean pinches his lips and exhales sharply. He doesn't know why. Because it's
Dean snorts. "Don't sugarcoat it, Cas. "
People
Dean is making cookies for Ben's soccer team bake sale. Cas has a smudge of flour on his cheek. While Dean contemplates wiping said flour from said cheek with his thumb, Cas asks if Dean is sleeping with Lisa.
until he comes.
Cas glances at the sink basin and smiles nervously back at Dean. "You look well."
, but the only shadows on the floor are from the window panes. “You’re painting. I’m not an asshole. Just put it back where you got it when you’re done.”
The realization he’s left with is the same one he started with: his and Dean’s experiences of family have been so very, so vastly different. His older brother never loved him the way Dean loves Sam. Dean sacrificed everything for Sam, while Castiel was sacrificed to Michael’s plan. Both circumstances were unfair, but he doubts Dean would ever see it that way.
"Sonofa—" Dean mutters, but then he shouts too, his hips bucking hard up under Castiel, surging into his body, and Castiel is pleased to hear his name fall in full drop from Dean's lips.
“Oh wow. This is— She loved this thing. So did Dean. I remember we used to listen to records over and over. He’d put them on and sing loud to help me forget fights with Dad. And then, after he died, he’d make me buy him new albums he read about.”  Sam looks up to meet Castiel’s eyes. “This is crazy. It’s like you lived my life all over again. I’m so sorry.”
"Cooking is much more difficult without you," Cas says instead.
A flash of what just took place hits Dean, and that burn picks up again, sweet and enticing. His mouth practically waters, even as his conscience cringes. He never thought he could hate wanting to have sex, but
They’d called ahead, at least. Or, Meg had, since she’s more convincing when it comes to twisting the truth. She’d spoken with Sam and said she’s been researching the old Campbell place—not, strictly speaking, untrue—and would like to interview him about his memories of the place. When Sam made an excuse about not having time at the moment, Meg took it as an opportunity to make sure he wouldn’t be able to just hang up on a second phone call and invited herself and “a colleague” over. “We’d love to get a photo to include in the piece,” she’d cooed.
Occasionally, Dean dreams about Cas. In most of those dreams, Cas is in a kitchen. And most of the time, he's cooking.
come back. Because somewhere around week three of Cas's return Dean realizes that the apocalypse has been over for half a year and the only friends he has are the same ones he had when he only had time to worry about saving the world. And he hates how the feeling of missing something lingers even while he's fully awake.
Also on the list of Things That Piss Dean Off is Cas and his no-shows, Cas and his I-don't-have-answers answers. There was a time Dean could count on him and now it's—whatever. It doesn't matter. It's different now. That's all.
In the sick yellow light, his ribs are shadowed like washboards. The long bruise on his side is a dark splotch, dripping down like spilled ink, and the burn forms a diagonal jagged gash, swollen and crusted. There are cuts too, or remainders of them. Pink and brown wounds sealed over but not
Cas squints a little, like he's feeling out the vibrations of the universe. "Yes."
He wrestles Dean’s wrist up and away from his head, then darts up to distract him with a kiss. Dean’s smile is tangible against his mouth, and their standoff with the paint brush ends as Dean allows himself to be distracted.
“You fry this up extra crispy. Like, ’til even the fat is crunchy. Then you toast up some bread. None of that froo-froo multigrain stuff. Plain ol’ white bread.” Dean’s moved to the bread drawer, which opens on its own but Dean reaches in to pull out the remaining half loaf of white and plops it next to the bacon on the counter. “And then you slather on the peanut butter. You don’t need to go crunchy for this. The bacon takes care of that for you.” The cupboard door above the toaster opens and Dean saunters over to take out the peanut butter. “I knew a kid who liked bananas on it, but that’s for sissies. Stick with the essentials.” He adds the jar to the bacon and bread and crosses his arms.
Dean is squinting angrily at the sunset and Castiel doesn’t reach for him, though he wants to. Instead he spins the liquid in his glass carefully, until a drip of sweat breaks free and lands on the top of his foot, and waits for Dean to find his voice again.
face to Bobby and Cas. Neither of them break their stony expressions. He rolls his eyes. "Okay, so I'm a little run down. It happens. Nothing a little R&R won't fix. After this case," he emphasizes, throwing a look to Sam, who hasn't shut up about it and it's potential relevance to the second coming of the end of days, "I'll lay low. Promise. But maybe we oughtta stop whatever's killing people in Sioux City first."
Dean leans forward, elbows on his knees and half smile pointed at the porch floor boards. “You sound like a shrink again, Cas.”
“I think I got to know him very well. When he was around, he was rarely silent.”
"Cas, what number we on?"
Two hours later, Castiel has given up on books and begun entering search terms in Google on his laptop. He’s immersed in an article about how to supernaturally clean house when Meg drops down next to him again.
Cas spins around, and goddamn those huge hopeful eyes. "Dean—"
It's possible he passed out. Or blacked out. Either way when he opens his eyes and sits up, all he can think is
Dean's near-delirious again. He's losing his grip on where and what and when. The last few years, the last few hours—it's all just a blur. Sex and pain and the apocalypse, Purgatory and
Inside, the entirely ordinary split-level is anything but. Whatever walls used to partition the kitchen, dining room, and living area from each other have been removed to create a great room. The space is brightened by a skylight.
"No one's coming back for an hour. It's cool. Just," he claps a hand to Cas's shoulder and the canister of shortening to his chest, "measure that. A cup and a third."
He stops with a gasp. Dean can feel how still he is, how tense.
Dean didn't know this would happen, didn't know it
Dean paints on a smile and gives two sharp tugs on Cas's shirt. He kisses him quickly then moves away, grabbing his hat from under Cas's on the chair near the door.
instead of get offended.
Dean laughs despite himself and yanks open the Impala's rear door.
"Dude, what're you doing? You're not supposed to be here," Dean hisses like a teenager with something to hide, but Cas just does the head-tilt thing.
Sam stops in the doorway and does a crap job of pretending not to look worried. "Oh, yeah, uh. He left last night."
“Oh. Yes, of course.”
“Hello, Meg. How are you today?” he asks flatly.
“He’s alive,” Castiel breathes. “Of course he’s alive. But, he’s here. In Kansas.”
"I'll see you there."
"Nineteen," comes Cas's voice from behind and beside him. Dean turns to see him propped against the headboard, legs outstretched.
But an hour later, when he wrestles armloads of groceries up the steps and through the front door, he finds that he has to start over after all.
Cas frowns. He sits up but Dean grabs his arm before he gets too far away. "No, Cas, no, don't leave. You gotta give me more, not less. Give me more, Cas. I can't wait. I can't do it. You gotta get this outta me. C'mon we're close."
Meg makes a face. “Yeah, nobody wants that.” She grabs the chip bag and unapologetically pops it open, crunching down a couple. Castiel reaches for one and pokes into the gooey center of his sandwich—another flavor palate trick Dean he had taught him.
The crux of muscle he’s been tending is slack now. On impulse, he presses his tongue at the center of the circle, slides inside. There’s a near-sob from Dean. One of his hands flails back, fumbling until blunt nails dig into the base of Castiel’s skull, trapping him right where he is—a silent
"Don't get me wrong, I'm awesome. But eighty more?" He shakes his head and looks at his hands again, "I don't think I can—"
“Hello there.”
"That's not normal."
"I'll hold you to that," Cas says, still panting, and Dean nods, holding his breath against the pain that hasn't gone away.
To his relief, Cas nods.
And of course there are the Leviathan. They dispatched the first wave of them who'd joined the fight with the ghouls, but more will come.
On a whim he weaves his way through the boxes and hunts for a plug on the console radio that came with the house. He’d discovered earlier that the cabinet’s four doors actually hide a turntable, a speaker, and a cupboard with upright slots for records in addition to the radio. He doesn’t really expect it to work—it’s so old any number of things could be broken, not to mention the house’s sporadic electrical problems. But to his surprise it pops to life and lights up when he plugs it in.
Angels don't dream, but Castiel dreams of Dean rushing back precious steps to slay the beast who threatened him. He dreams of shouting for Dean to go, to leave him. He dreams of Dean turning around too late, his blade unready. He dreams of watching Dean die, of being unable to stop his death.
“Eventually he began appearing daily. He helped me with some of the repairs, told me stories about his life and about haunting families who’d lived there. He takes great pride in the house and keeping it safe, from people and from other spirits.” This time when Sam smiles, Castiel shares in it.
He has nothing but time. Time, unworn suits, and an unused tool set.
Which is why it's beyond all reason that Dean actually attempts to pull away, saying, "Hey, hey, wait."
"S'alright, Cas," he soothes, teasing pre-come over the head with his thumb. "I got you, I got you."
"Not days," Cas answers, his eyes following Dean's hands as he cleans the blade one last time and drains the sink. "Without my grace intact it's difficult to sense. It would be the equivalent of healing a limb."
Dean huffs but tries to make himself believe Cas. It's harder than it should be, and Dean doesn't know who's to blame for that one, him or Cas. He frowns.
So they're safe, but it's eerie here. Like they're only half way back to humanity, in some new limbo space between certain death and real life.
His anger slips away, leaving a lump in his throat. "Well," he says tightly, "Good thing you were listening."
He and Lisa had a couple life-affirming, apocalypse-averted rolls in the hay, but sooner rather than later they knew it wasn't gonna happen for real. It wasn't that big of a deal, actually, and Dean just sleeps in the guest room now.
Sam coughs as the demigod snarls and circles toward Bobby. Dean's about to head over there to make sure he's all right, but just then the possessed piece of crap kicks up a tornado of papers and office supplies that guarantees death by paper cut. Bobby raises his voice, chanting louder, with more confidence behind the words now that it's clear this isn't Zuul's favorite tune.
"And what if someone comes home?" Cas asks with an edge.
"Yeah, hey, no problem. Don't  worry about me, I'm good. I'm— You guys just, uh, fix Dean. I'll check back?"
Castiel does, eventually, go back into the house.
“That’s nice,” she says. “This is better.” She pushes a printout at him.
After a few final, slow drags of his fingers, Castiel shifts, pressing the heels of his hands into Dean’s buttocks. He kneads gently, spreading Dean a little wider with each roll. He wishes he could see the pert rise of Dean’s ass, the peek exposed pink, but he’s also intrigued by this blindness. It’s like being without his grace—there’s still so much he can sense: touch, sound, taste, smell.
He'd rather deal with the witches.
Now when the wrench he’s momentarily set down shifts just out of reach or when he hears the TV turn back on while he’s upstairs brushing his teeth before bed, he doesn’t question his memory or his hearing. Now he says, “Very funny, Dean,” and “Goodnight, Dean.”
Dean groans, pushing on his crotch again, just in case his dick does fall off. It feels stupid good. It should not feel that good. "Something like that, yeah."
Cas touches Dean's arm—he's sitting closer now—and drops a pointed look to Dean's hands clamped around the pillow. Dean bites his lip and shakes his head even though his body is screaming. He hasn't made himself wait, hasn't tried to hold back this long for hours. But he can't. Not yet. "SparkNotes version, Sammy," he grunts.
Sam waves off Dean’s concern. “I deserved it. It’s worth seeing you again.”
“We don’t have a lot of time, Dean,” Castiel tells him, confirming the fear spreading over Dean’s face.
Dean's skin goes cold but his face is hot. "What do you mean? What do you mean there's something wrong with me?"
“Seen it happen before, you know. Years ago. Some teenagers thought it’d be fun—call me up, get me to say hi to dear, dead grandma, you know the deal. Didn’t go down like that, though. Those dark sonsabitches are like gum stuck to your shoe. Friggin’ impossible to get rid of. Big huge mess. Poor girl.”
He takes over for Cas, trying to mimic his hand motion and concentrating hard on keeping it all together even as Cas falls apart beneath him—these are the only times Dean has ever seen him give up all control, let go until all those rigid rules he wraps himself in unravel. He brings Cas off, arching and gasping, and smiles as the white spill hits Cas's skin, spatters hot on Dean's hand. Cas comes open-mouthed but near silent and Dean feels it, feels his body clench and tense around him. He drops forward, crashing into Cas with a kiss.
“Good,” Castiel bobs his head affirmatively, then begins tugging his tie loose. “Now I’m going to go change and then I’m going to fix myself an after-work cocktail and sit on my porch with my ghost boyfriend, and you’re going to tell me about Sam.”
"I'm sorry,
This is what starting over looks like, he thinks as he jogs down the porch steps to the car.
Castiel glares down at Dean from his perch on the ladder. Dean’s commentary is as useless as it is constant.
Dean's scowl is all for Sam, until it gets startled off his face by Cas slipping his hand into Dean's and lifting it to inspect his knuckles. He brushes a thumb over the cut at the corner of Dean's bottom lip and peers into Dean's eyes, not letting go of his hand. If this were a chick flick, Cas would be on the verge of confessing undying love. Just when Dean's about to make a crack about it, Cas says "Bobby," like a cue over his shoulder, and instantly Bobby's swivel-neck desk lamp flashes on right in Dean's eyes. He flinches and pulls away.
Dean raises an eyebrow. "That's it? No new info? No hot tips on curing a crazy bible disease?" Cas looks at the floor. "Well then, no, I'm not 'alright.' I'm really fucking wrong, actually, thanks for asking." Dean makes sure his smile is as insincere as possible.
Sure, it’s not every day one converses with a ghost. But it’s difficult to maintain an appropriate amount of awe when the ghost picks an argument with you. A surprise smile overtakes Castiel just then and he even laughs, a quick shaky burst. So maybe he is in shock, or maybe it’s that in just one conversation he got back a little of his own with Mr. Dean “Dead-and-Haunting-You” Winchester.
A screech breaks across the sky, black comet smashing into the soil not far from where they sit.
Castiel curls his smile into Dean’s warm skin. He’s good at a lot of things, getting better at others. But what he’s best at—what he knows absolutely, loves without question—is Dean.
His eyes are closed when Dean's gel-slicked hand wraps around his erection. It's a surprise, but such a pleasant one he doesn't startle. He moans in his enjoyment. Dean makes a fist and now with each move Castiel makes, he is overrun with double sensation of Dean in him, around him.
“I just moved here. My house doesn’t have an internet connection,” he explains. Both statements are true enough.
Facing each other, Dean tucks Cas's leg up over his hip, under his elbow. "This might feel weird," he warns, because he feels like he should, then kisses Cas as he reaches around to spread the first slick of lube along the newly exposed part of his body.
– end –
"Don't go," Dean pleads and grips Cas's tie and locks his legs, keeping Cas near, because it's over but it's also just beginning. "Don't leave," he bites out as the first shock of retaliatory pain kicks in.
She resumes fitting the key to the lock and gives a quick knock as she opens the door, calling into the house, “Hello, anyone home?” and turning back to Castiel with another tittering laugh. He frowns. She clears her throat and moves further inside the house.
Castiel is still gripping the shower curtain for support. It might be the humid air of the bathroom, but he's beginning to feel light-headed again. "Dean—"
swallowed by a roll of arousal. He holds the pillow down tighter to keep from touching himself.
"Yeah, but—"
Shoving aside that thought before it turns bitter, he sets down his mug and moves to make toast. The contents of his New York apartment are due to arrive in a few days and he’s resolved to dust and sweep and generally clean the rooms on the first floor to prepare the space. He’s decided to begin with the dining room, since it’s the smallest. Looking out at the sunrise, toast in one hand, Castiel reaches for his coffee with the other, but his hand passes through air. He glances down at the countertop to see the mug perched on the very edge, not at all where he thought he’d set it down. He shrugs to himself, and reaches for it, but just as his fingers brush its side, the mug tips to the floor and coffee splashes over the floor and up the wall.
The lamp is on so it must be late. He doesn't know how long the lamp has been on, though, so he doesn't know if it's early-late or late-late. But it's warm yellow light. It's pretty light.  Dean looks down to see Cas looking up at him. He looks pretty in the light.
"Right." He sits up and twists over to the side of the bed, practically dumping Cas backward. He needs something for lube and he needs it fast.
He stops the groping and starts crowding Cas backward toward the bed. Cas catches on and wastes no time in shakily stripping off Dean's t-shirt before his legs hit the mattress. Dean follows Cas onto the bed, both pairs of borrowed sweatpants getting shucked along the way.
Panic hooks deep into Castiel's chest. It's true. He knows it's true. But he can't act. Can't risk killing the man he's fought so hard to protect. Dean has already sacrificed more than any mortal man should ever have been allowed to give, and this may be a gift freely given, but it's also
"Wait, you mean three times in under an hour?" Sam asks, forehead wrinkling in concern and pointing a thumb at the bathroom.
“Always knew you were a smart cookie, Clarence. Alright, you gotta figure out what or who this thing is if you want to get rid of it. You need a ouija board. Do you have a ouija board?”
"So what's with the band-aids?" he asks, gesturing to the gauze taped over the spot on his stomach that's raw and throbbing. "You couldn't just—" he taps two fingers at his forehead, mimicking the gesture Cas has made dozens of times.
Dean lingers in the entryway, translucent in the evening sun. “Okay, so let’s start over. Hi, honey, welcome home. How was your day?”
And then he's all up in Dean's personal space like they've never had four hundred conversations about this. "It's . . . instinct, for you."
“So why didn’t you? If you could have been rid of me, why didn’t you try?”
in favor of "Get down!" just as a filing cabinet launches across the room at Dean's head. He dives behind an overturned cubicle to find Bobby scribbling some runes on the floor.
Cas's eyes slip closed and he sighs in a way that sounds like maybe he's breaking inside too. But then he looks back at Dean, his dark-water eyes wet.
It’s sort of a natural progression, then, that he begins talking to Dean the way he used to chat at the soldier.
"Come for me, Cas," he whispers when he knows Cas is close. "Wanna see you do it."
Cas's eyes go soft. "I knew, Dean," he says. He leans down to kiss him, thorough and smooth, then rests his forehead against Dean's. "I know you chose me. 'Cursed or not,'" he quips, and smiles. "Now I can say the same to you."
And now he knows what it’s like waking up next to someone whose presence alone sets you alight.
He licks his bottom lip. "No," he answers, letting go of Dean's wrist and stepping away like he's ready to leave.
"No!"
Dean scoots back and sinks lazily next to him. Their shoulders press together and Dean's sex-Spidey sense begins to tingle. "A hundred times," he mopes.
The man nods as he backs away, barking instructions at his crew.
And in that moment Castiel hates Dean Winchester as much as he loves him. He fixes Dean with his most severe glare. "You're an idiot."
The awareness of it, of each other, grows. Cas’s heavy gaze is almost a thing Dean can feel. It prickles down his neck, spine, the backs of his arms. And pretty soon the thought Dean can't shake is how close they are. They're close enough to be well beyond personal space, close enough that Dean stands half between Cas's legs and can feel Cas's breath on his neck each time he leans in to rinse foam off the razor in the sink.
” he exhales. “Oh, Dean. Oh, yes.” It floods through him, fast and intoxicating. He leans forward and lets his come drop hot on Dean’s abdomen as he captures Dean’s mouth with his own—it’s a plunging, sloppy kiss, with Dean’s fingers gripping tight in his hair, Cas’s cock pulsing hard in his fist between them. He sags against Dean’s chest when he’s spent.
"Positive reinforcement, huh? Is that what you were going for that time you got into my pants?"
It’s only after his eyelids slide closed, his chin droops to his chest, and the remote slips to the floor that the television switches back to the sex-scene channel.
In the background, the distance, there is mocking vampire laughter. It has fangs too.
Castiel stiffens, fear and sorrow tearing like a set of claws in his chest, but Sam is drawn forward. Jaw muscle jumping with tension, he takes a step nearer Dean simultaneously positioning himself, and his very square broad shoulders, in front of Castiel.
It's long hours and he goes home to his little, two-bedroom rental house smelling like the fryer, but that's better than blood or sulfur, and they make it work. Sam eventually tells him Ellen would be proud and Dean tells him to shut up, but only because he really hopes it’s true.
So he carries on the next few days as he had before. Before the Angelus crash, that is.
That hasn't happened for years. Sure as hell never happened in Purgatory. Dean leans against the bedroom doorjamb, arms crossed, and wonders what's different now, if this is like the power drain during the apocalypse or if losing his angel juice was part of the deal in escaping Purgatory.
Cas presses his forehead to Dean's then, cupping a hand around the back of his neck. "Then trust me when I say that we will see you through this," he says. "You've conquered many worse foes."
Castiel allows himself to be carried to the porch and up the steps, but drops his feet when they get there. He moves to sit on the top step, one hand gripped over Dean’s belted waistband to pull him into his lap. Dean complies into a straddle over Castiel’s thighs.
“What? No. No,” Dean huffs, bitter. “The jackass probably gave me a concussion but that wasn’t what did me in. That was, uh. That was the car accident. Sam was driving me home after,” he gestures to his head. “He was real worked up about the fight, about my getting hurt, and then this fucking trucker just outta nowhere, WHAM.” Dean sweeps the heel of his hand into air, smashing it against an invisible wall. “Blindsides us. Scrapes the Impala off the highway. Sam got jostled but me? Two days in a coma and I don’t wake up. Random fucking tragedy.”
Dean wraps an arm around Cas's middle and passes out.
Dean lobs a cracker at Sam's head. Sam dodges it without even looking.
They have a plan. It’s risky. Riskier than anything Castiel would have attempted on his own. But it also makes more sense than everything he’d read in the past two days, and Sam’s been thinking about it for over two decades. “I considered it back in the day,” he’d explained, “But, honestly, it got to the point I didn’t want to stick around whether Dean was there or not. So I just took off.”
He hears an annoyed sigh, but then Dean comes into focus with his hand around the refrigerator door. He yanks it open and digs a pack of bacon Castiel had forgotten about out of a drawer.
wants it. He, him, himself. Not the curse. His mouth waters at just the thought. But the curse makes him crave release, not offer it. He can't stop right now, he can't concentrate long enough, so instead he says, "Fuck me, Cas. Please, fuck me. I'll make it good. I'll make it—" He clenches his teeth as the curse demands more, flaring through him. "It's the only way I can get you to— I want you to— I want you," he says out loud.
Dean huffs. It hurts. He remembers that too. "I'd rather have you."
Ava doesn’t wait for him to answer. She opens the wooden screen storm door and props it with an elbow. When Castiel reaches out to hold it for her, she startles, hand to her heart. “Oh! Oh, it’s you, Mr. Novak. I mean, thank you, Mr. Novak.”
And that can’t be right because he’s sure he’d turned it off. But then again, his short-term memory is proving to have more holes than those inexplicably popular foam crocodile shoes. Castiel plods down the steps—doing a poor job of batting away worry about early-onset Alzheimer’s—and rounds the corner into the empty living room to find the TV’s light splashing color, brightening and darkening as the channel changes and . . . that . . . that isn’t right either.
“Best view in the world, right here,” Dean says, eyes on the pink and orange horizon, and Castiel remembers Zachariah saying the exact same sentence from the top floor of Angelus, overlooking Manhattan.
Cas looks like he's smiling at some private joke. "Thank you, Dean, but that's not necessary."
“Mr. Novak? It’s just—” She looks up at the house. “Good luck. With your work inside, I mean. Just, good luck.”
Cas shudders, clutches tighter at Dean, but he shakes his head. "Fuck me first," he says, and Dean almost loses it at the rough gravel of his voice.
There's some downtime while they let the pot simmer. Dean puts away unused ingredients, starts heating the water for the pasta, and wipes down the counters. Cas listens with full attention as Dean explains that recipes are place to start, but that he likes to improvise. "It's not much different from being on the road hunting. There's certain things you gotta do to gank a ghost or demon or vamp, but mostly you make it up as you go." He wrings out the dishcloth, drapes it over the faucet, and leans back against the island with finality, arms crossed and hip-to-hip with Cas, to watch the nonexistent action on the stovetop.
Castiel winces, remembering his melting groceries. And he never did eat lunch. “I think I called to ask you what I should do.”
He takes a second to suck his finger, wetting it in the warm rill of his tongue before pressing back between Dean’s cheeks, slick enough this time to press all the way down. Cas finds the hot point of muscle he’s looking for and feels it flutter under the pad of his finger. Carefully, every movement long and slow, unhurried in timeless dark, he caresses over, pets above and below, barely pushing, just soothing. Dean makes incredulous hummy, whimpery sounds and twists his hips under Cas’s touch.
a mental picture of what he wants because, whatever, isn't that how telepathy works?
"So, I thought," Dean glues his eyes to the snow-covered curb and shuffles to his feet, fists shoved deep in his pockets. "I mean, I got this place now, so I thought you should know that you, uh," insecurity clutches his chest like fingers of cold in his lungs. He's probably grimacing when he looks up to meet Cas eye to eye, but he refuses to shut down now. "You can show up any time, okay? Stay for dinner. Hell, spend the night." Cas's expression goes hungry at that and Dean swallows. "So," he clears his throat, "yeah. Mi casa, es su casa. Capisce?"
Cas looks at his upturned palms in the bubbles of soap. "My wings are an extension of my grace. My grace was what would prevent me from leaving through the same portal as a human. I assume they were . . . sheared to make my escape possible." To Dean's stunned, disgusted silence he adds, "I'm not sure why it has manifested this way. Perhaps because I have taken this form for so long. But the pain is not physical, so to speak."
reruns on Lifetime, but he always makes sure to scrape at least something together so Lisa doesn't have to.
He doesn't understand this fatigue. He doesn't understand why he is alive. He doesn't understand Dean's insistence on threading him back through that needle's eye, back into this world. He was wounded during their escape—he can't feel his grace, and his physical vessel is beyond collapse.
Because Cas comes back, too, obviously. He drops in at random, but not as often as before and therefore not enough. Dean stops pretending that he doesn't care. He starts asking when Cas will come back, then asking him
"Healing. Living."
Dean frowns. "Still itches, though, doesn't it?" If he didn't know any better, Dean would say that was Cas's exasperated look staring at him from the mirror. "We can fix that." He hits the sink tap without waiting for an argument or agreement.
“Dean, no no no no no, don’t you dare!” Castiel laughs and swerves Dean comes at him with a paint-soaked brush.
Castiel straightens as Meg takes a seat next to him. “I thought food wasn’t permitted in the library.” She’d obviously packed the sandwich for him that morning before she left for work, and Castiel is touched.
“Lebanon’s about four hours away,” says Meg.
Dean can't hold still as Cas works him. His hands reach up behind his head to touch Cas's face, his shoulders, or drag along his forearms. His hips writhe, heels dig into the bed. The word
. "You have three minutes, Sam."
Cas kisses him this time, surging up and in, surrounding Dean, swallowing him. Dean didn't know how much he wanted this until he got it. He knew Cas
It’s accomplishment enough to boost his spirits and his appetite. His kitchen cupboards are empty though, and the fridge is in similar shape. Not allowing himself to stall out, he grabs his keys, stuffs his feet in shoes, and heads out the door. He’s had too many days inside, too much wallowing. He’s here. And that’s okay. And he’ll be okay. Things may be falling apart back East, but they are falling into place here.
He pushes the power button on the remote and the TV glows back to life. It stays on and Castiel stays awake until just after dawn.
Dean chuckles. “Not now. But later, yeah. You know, if you’re lucky.”
I'm a fucking zombie," Dean protests.
Castiel nods. He realizes his mouth is still open but he can’t quite get himself to close it. Or move at all, really.
He's certain he shouts, certain he hears Dean curse or cheer or both. But Castiel doesn't come back to himself until he realizes his hand is gripped hard around Dean's, both covered in his semen. His body sings with indulgence, his skin crackles with oversensitivity, but he’s still canting his hips, still allowing the feel of Dean inside him to skitter across his body like sparks.
One of Sam’s eyebrows spikes and Castiel glares at Meg. She shrugs at him. “Tell the man why you’re here, Clarence.”
— — — — —
"Topeka," Sam shouts back, bent over as he rummages in the car.
Twenty minutes later, Dean’s leaning back in one of the new Adirondack deck chairs, boots on the porch railing, while Castiel sips a gin and tonic, knees up and bare feet crossed at the ankles on the seat in front of him. “So. Sam,” he prompts.
So Castiel makes himself at home. He tugs the area rug flat, drags the couch back into place, sets up the TV again, and nestles the radio where he wants it. Killing time, he adds some throw pillows he’d bought while out and arranges the potted plants Meg had given him as a housewarming gift in the nook of the bay window. Someday he’ll hang art on the walls, maybe a nice big mirror. But for now, for his purposes tonight, this is enough to reclaim the space as his.
Dean cusses and slams the steering wheel with the butt of his hand. "The little bastard was reading my mind, wasn't he?"
“No trick.” Dean holds up his hands as though honesty is the same thing as being unarmed. “Legit recommendation.”
results.
anything, I may as well be dead. I should be dead. For fuck's sake, look at me, Cas," he demands, "Just
"Yeah, yeah, just give me a sec," Dean calls from the bathroom as Sam pounds on the door.
Dean darts out a hand, palm open and fingers spread. If his eyes were still black, Castiel would panic and duck. But they’re clear green. Castiel meets Dean’s hand with his own and interlaces their fingers.
“How well did you know Dean? I mean, it sounds like you were friends. Close friends.”
Cas begins to glower so Dean puts up his hands and points to the house. Cas seems to take note of their unfamiliar surroundings then and, shooting one last doubtful glance at Dean, he turns.
Dean swallows back whatever's climbing up his throat, gives himself a minute to square what he's got to do, then gets up on unsteady knees to do it.
Cas starts to protest again, "Dean, this isn't—" but Dean darts between his words and Cas's lips fall around the spoon. His eyes snap shut and he moans. When Dean pulls the spoon away, Cas leans after it, humming. "Mmm. Dean." His eyes open, hazy blue and pupils wide with pleasure. "That is very good."
had been Ava’s word for the house’s electricity. Castiel had assumed that meant it would flicker occasionally, or the main breaker might flip off at random. And over the last few days those things have indeed happened, though it’s rare he turns on overhead lights or uses electronics other than the toaster oven. But he also finds that almost no outlet ever works twice, particularly for charging his phone.
“Do you want this place crawling with demons? I don’t know about you, but I’m good without that, thanks. Now put that damn thing away. You want to talk? Talk.”
"Dude, please don't count. Not out loud, anyway."
“Yes.”
"Yeah, Sammy, yeah. Just got a minor situation with the, ah, toothpaste here."
The Lord is near to the brokenhearted
“I only had time to start a few searches this morning but haven’t checked the results yet. It should be quiet now until school gets out, so I’ll get back to it. Just wanted to make sure I wasn’t going to find you passed out from low blood sugar over here.”
And that's when Dean realizes he's a complete ass for not asking months ago.
“You what? You saw him? Meg, you could’ve told me my house was haunted!” Castiel shouts, forgetting ghost-seeking stealth mode.
"It's trying to kill me," he says, ducking his head against Cas's shoulder.
He takes a few steps forward to peer out the door and over the porch, but there’s no van or truck parked beside his rental. Castiel can’t quite explain it, but he suddenly has the feeling he’s being watched. It prickles over him, a light buzz of static over his skin, raising the hair at the nape of his neck and along his forearms. “Is someone here?” he asks as he turns and makes his way toward the kitchen. He adjusts his grip on the wrench in his hand, ignoring the sudden dampness of his palm.
he shifts away, aware that Cas's gaze follows him. He adds the noodles to the boiling water, and stirs the sauce. He takes a slurp off the spoon and is pleased to find it's damn delicious.
"Can't what?" There is blood smeared across Dean's cheek and running from a gash in his thigh. He's favoring his left side, but Castiel can't determine whether he's bleeding there. This is by far the worst battle they've fought. The nest of ghouls was a surprise; they were strong for being well fed—Purgatory is a feast for eaters of the dead—and hunting in numbers was to their advantage. They could even now be surrounded.
Dean nods. And they go again.
Dean nods because Cas is right, but a swirl of insatiable want leaves him with doubts. He can't stuff this down or hold it back, and it hurts him when he tries. It's physical, not emotional. It's here and it's now and it's biting into parts of him he thought he knew, tearing off chunks of his confidence and pride. But Cas has faith in him, and he has faith in Cas. Cas pulled him out of Hell. He can pull Dean out of this too.
Dean whips around to see Cas, unkempt but unbloodied. Surprise, relief, and something hokey like excitement ring through Dean louder than the clatter of the spoon he just dropped in the sink.
Would the workmen really let themselves in?
, command it to shove him off this cliff he's standing on. Instead he hears himself say, "Cas, please. Please, Cas. Please."
But Dean's hands are on him again, peeling back his coat, lifting his shirt. This time he finds the gaping, glowing slice in Castiel's back, deep enough to penetrate his lung and his grace. Castiel winces.
He dreams of the Leviathan falling from the sky, about their last moments in Purgatory. The creatures had dropped from above in every direction, one final offensive to capture and kill the angel who had so abused them. Dean bravely fought his way forward to the portal while the vampire did battle at Castiel's side, protecting him from behind. But the vampire fought to ensure his own escape with Dean. Castiel fought only to ensure Dean's.
Castiel frowns. That rationale isn’t exactly rational. “I moved the china hutch in the dining room last week and you haven’t moved it back.”
First of all, Castiel thinks, that’s not true. He purchased this house. By law, it’s his. Whatever happened in the past, the property had obviously been transferred out of Dean’s possession. The rights of the dead have no bearing here. And second of all—
He does as Dean suggested, rinsing the soap from his hair and the bath residue from the rest of his body. His skin feels too soft and looks pink. The touch of his own hands to his scalp and shoulders feels nothing like Dean's.
"You got something to say, Cas, say it."
Dean guesses that this is somebody's hunting or vacation cabin. Doesn't looked too lived in, judging by the dust, and there's not much by way of food other than canned goods. But there's water, there's power, and there's a four-wheeler in the shed. He thanks his fucking stars they've got that much. Wherever they are, that highway in the woods was a big, long empty stretch. No cars passed them and Dean was pretty sure they covered a few miles on foot.
lesson that's only starting to sink in. He hates and loves all of them. "Maybe, maybe you didn't know, but I did."
And they’re not, well, handsome.
"Uh-huh." Sam yawns. "Cas said it seemed like you could use it."
Sam snatches back the tiny glass jar with an eye roll and stomps downstairs. He shows up twenty minutes later with a bowl of white rice and an admonition to go easy. Dean plows through it and gets a stomach ache anyway.
Castiel reaches to put a hand on Dean’s thigh, and they both watch it pass right through. He makes a fist and swallows down the subsequent sadness—sadness that he can’t comfort Dean, and because there’s so much that needs comforting. “You obviously loved him a lot. What happened to him? Is he—?”
Turns out the problem is runic magic gone bad. Chaos magic with too little knowledge, too much charging of energies and
He thanks her and she releases his hand, eyes bright with unspoken worry. The next moment she’s wiped it away, however, and she dangles the keys from her thumb and forefinger with a smile before dropping them into his palm. He smiles back and gives a cursory half salute as she climbs into her car.
If there's business it's nothing pressing because instead of answering Cas asks, "Have you always had this particular set of skills?"
"It wasn't my own safety I was concerned with," Cas mutters, but Dean ignores him, pawing around the collar of Cas's coat. It's soaked.
Castiel shoves aside the bedclothes and just lays there for a moment, weighing his commitment to giving up on sleep and getting out of bed, thereby ruining potential productivity for the rest of the day. He sighs and sits up, rustles around for the sweatshirt he’d discarded earlier and tugs it on as he pads out of the room.
"Yes!"
Benny's a few feet away, shaking off the inter-dimensional vertigo. He gets to his feet first and holds out an arm for Dean. Dean looks up at him and nods, but takes a second to secure his grip on the mostly unconscious Cas before accepting it. Benny helps steady them both.
"I don't have a couch," Dean blurts, breaking away from Cas's mouth. He gapes at his mostly empty house, panic flapping in his chest, completely appalled that he hadn't considered the lack of readily available horizontal surfaces before now. "Oh, but I've got a bed," he appeals, relief crashing through him as he pushes Cas in the direction of the bedroom. "I made it and everything."
He doesn’t argue. Head tilted back, his fingers still coated with Dean’s come, sticky but just slick enough, Cas jerks off. Maybe it’s foolish that the simple fact of knowing his body, of bringing pleasure to himself—or, better, to Dean—can fill him with a similar sense of infinite power as his absent grace, but it does. He replays Dean’s gruff, grateful curses at orgasm, the slow melt of Dean’s muscles under his hands, the confidence in Dean’s every kiss. Combined with the fast jack of his fist, the occasional spin of his thumb, and he’s close. Breath held, body seized tight along that razor’s edge of anticipation until—
“I’m Castiel,” he says, holding out his hand.
"You're always serious." Dean smirks.
They writhe tangled together like that, Cas bare and hot under Dean's hand.
"It's me, Dean. I'm the reason you're ill." Cas picks up speed, "I was corrupt, 'crushed in spirit.' 'When the righteous cry for help, the Lord hears and delivers them out of all their troubles. The Lord is near to the brokenhearted and saves the crushed in spirit.' It's you and me, Dean. You were sickened to save me. To keep me here, to show me— To stop me from—"
"What're you doing here?" he asks, newly absorbed by the text.
"Hey, Cas."
"Cas—" Dean starts, not knowing how he'll end.
No luck in drawer number one, just a bunch of maps or some shit, Dean doesn't know. Feels like paper. But he comes up triumphant from drawer two, holding a jar of generic handcream in his fist like a trophy. This place is so definitely a bachelor hunting cabin, and thank fucking god.
Usually it’s Dean’s fingers against Castiel’s body, stroking tender and intimate until they’re inside, until he’s wide open and wanting, an ache so marvelous it can only be human. But Castiel isn’t the one in need tonight.
Castiel refuses. He clamps a hand on Dean's thigh to express his intent and bears down. He would have all of Dean.
," he pleads. His voice is a train wreck.
With Cas braced above him, Dean's got himself in hand. He's rock solid and it's awesome, but also unfair. The slash of pain is still there. "God, Cas. God, I want to be hard for you, because'a you," he confesses.
Dean snorts. "Would you?"
"You could read my mind," Dean says with a shrug, and regrets it immediately—one glance sideways and he gets mesmerized by the slender strip of bare skin at Cas's neck, the blunt ends of his fingers as they trace over recipe card, and the several dozen things he wants to do to and with those body parts alone.  Yeah, he really doesn't want the angel poking around in his head.
It's easier and harder with Sam. There's so much water under that bridge but somehow they're still standing knee deep. Sam doesn't stop him from saying what he's got to say, but he doesn't cry or gush either. He just nods stiffly, lips pinched, and says, "I haven't give up yet, you know."
"Cas, fuck. Fuck, I want to—" Dean wants to make Cas come. Dean wants Cas to make him come. Dean wants Cas stripped bare and begging. He wants a lot of things he can't have because what if . . . Because someone could  . . .
He comes on Cas's chest, fists and forehead pressed to the wall. When it's over, he slides down and slumps against Cas's side. His thighs still shake.
Cas nods once, and moves to the island counter where Dean has the sauce ingredients spread out. He surveys the stuff like it's a fancy new puzzle, glances at the pot on the stove, and Dean sees the moment he puts it all together. "You're cooking."
, Dean thinks, holding his breath and curling in on himself as pain slices through his abdomen. It's the flu, or something. That's all. Once Bobby and Sam clear out and Cas flickers off to wherever, Dean's going down there and grabbing some books on sigils. He has a hunch it's gotta be a demon thing.
He grabs for Cas, catching his wrist and tugging him onto the bed where Dean's propped against the headboard. Dean doesn't even think about it, he just guides Cas's hand back to where it was, wrapping Cas's fingers around his dick. The angle is bad but he can't keep himself from thrusting into his fist as the pain gives way to pleasure only. Cas shifts his hand and his weight so he's straddling Dean again, hovering above him. Only this time they're eye to eye—Dean can look at Cas's hand on him or he can look into Cas's eyes. Both are too much.
“And you take care of him,” Dean calls to Sam, bobbing his chin at Castiel. Yellow glow creeps down Dean’s arm, igniting it from within, and Castiel feels its icy burn just before Dean pulls away.
Cas feels good. Being near Cas feels good. But Dean feels miserable. He'd been hoping it was almost over. Now there's no end in sight. It's already been a couple hours, and how his dick hasn't fallen off yet he has no idea but suspects there might be angel mojo involved.
Dean's not sure he's got 100 percent of that, but he understands at least one underlying truth—much as they might want peace, they're made for war. For however long it lasts, or even longer, this is what they are.
Cas has an open invitation to show up whenever he wants, so long as he flutters in and out of existence from the kitchen and not out front where the customers sit. When people ask about that cute fella in the trench coat who seems to be more than a regular, Dean smiles and tells them he's in business and travels a lot. When Cas isn't "traveling" he spends time in Dean's kitchen or Dean's bed. Even after a few years, Cas still begs for Dean's touch in bed, still looks surprised when he comes, all wonder and awe. He still feels like home to Dean. And it turns out that, once he gets the hang of it, Cas makes a mean pie with flaky crust to die for—Dean features them on the counter as "heaven-sent" rather than the usual "homemade."
"I'm the one who needs forgiveness, Dean," he says, running a thumb Dean's still-busted knuckles. "I've done things out of pride, out of desperation. Things you would not be proud of. I thought was I was doing them for you, to protect you, but now . . . I can't be sure." Cas shakes his head, but continues. "What I am sure of, Dean, is that being here is more important than fighting a corrupt war in your name. I would not choose to be anywhere else. I was lost, my spirit was crushed, but you brought me back, Dean. Being here with you—"
Dean clenches his teeth and swallows. Cas is just standing there, sagging against the counter, powerless, shirtless, hopeless, lifeless. It's cutting too close, too far into the space inside he purposefully keeps buried over. Cas is supposed to fight, supposed to smite and conquer and ride Dean's ass until he does the right thing. He's supposed to
"It 'didn't work out,'" Cas repeats, all solemn and focused, and still with the flour on his cheek. "So you make dinner and do chores in exchange for . . ."
“I . . . don’t know. It’s north of town, near the county line.”
Castiel fights the flush he feels creeping up into his cheeks. It’s been a long time since someone attempted to flirt with him—well before he was kicked out of Angelus. His people skills had never been as smooth as his coworkers’ to begin with, and they’re even rustier now. He clears his throat but his thanks still comes out gravelled.
"You figure out who the fuck did this to me yet?"
He tips his head to get a look at Cas or, at least, the back of his head. He's still sleeping, dead to the world judging by the slow drag of his breaths. His hair's rucked up every which way, which isn't much different from usual, except Dean remembers last night and knows he had a hand in making it that way. Same as he knows Cas is naked as jaybird under that sheet. He smiles to himself and rolls onto his side, slipping close in along the long smooth length of Cas's bare spine, rising sun be damned.
"Did you even read the card?"
"What's the matter with staying here?" he asks.
"Photo-what? What the hell is  wrong with you guys? Because there sure as hell is nothing wrong with
It’s not an unexpected question, what with Meg’s
His second reaction is a small smile and a morning-deep “Hello, Dean.”
Castiel skims the last page of the deed of sale before signing each copy. “Bottom copy is mine?” he asks, even as he tugs it out of the stack.
"You aren't hearing me, Dean," Cas insists, grabbing his wrist. "I'm not supposed to exist." His eyes are huge with conviction.
"I would like the itching to stop."
"Anyway, we don't know how to destroy it yet, so I figured this was the next best thing."
“Always always, or always-since-I’ve-been-dead always?”
Sam makes a strangled noise. "Oh God, no, never mind, I get it."
Dean Fuck-It-Why-Not Winchester goes after him, greasy fingers grabbing suit lapels and all. Cas melts into the kiss, digs his fingers into Dean's hair and allows Dean the lead.
He's almost done when he notices he can see Cas's bruises in the mirror, the web of wings he currently doesn't have. They're beautiful, in a sad way.
He’s just about to mount the stairs when he hears another noise. One foot on the first step, one hand on the rail, his body freezes even as his brain races through possibilities. Could be an upstairs window, could be the slap of a car door outside, could be in the basement. That same crackle of static spreads across his skin and dread floods in, pouring over him like fast-casting lead. Castiel couldn’t turn around now even if he wanted to.
Leviathan plummet to the earth around them, sinuous black shapes molding upward into bodies. They're circling.
want me to? I get that. I can do that."
“To say the least. It’s a worthy project though, I think.”
“Find anything?”
A wave of good, old-fashioned Winchester guilt hits him then as he watches Lisa scrape plates over the disposal and load them into the dishwasher. It's not honest to Lisa and Ben to keep his life divided in half. It's not okay for him to pretend he's part of this family when he isn't. When he can't be. Not really. Not when he wants—and this is where the guilt really rolls his stomach—not when he wants to be somewhere else. With someone else. Someone who hadn't been invited today, even though Dean's pretty damn thankful for him.
Dean isn't sure he follows.
"He keeps all his bones," Dean says to himself, turning to the side to check on his bruise. "But not one of them is broken."
Dean vaguely hears Sam say thanks and wish them luck.
"Me too," Dean tells him, voice thick. "For you. It's enough."
“Hello?” He cocks an ear toward the first floor, but gets no response and hears nothing. No footsteps, no murmured conversation. Castiel frowns and continues down the stairs, slower now, and stops short again when he gets to the bottom. The front door is open. Sunlight streams through the screen door in a wide arc on the floor, bright enough to cause him to blink and force his vision to readjust as he scans the rest of the living room. It’s empty.
Once they’re seated and served, Eileen takes her leave with a kiss to the top of Sam’s head before disappearing down the stairs. His lips purse with a light blush before he looks up at Castiel and Meg again. “So. What paper did you say you were from?”
Meg slips a hand into Castiel’s and squeezes as he begins his answer. “The last time I saw him, Dean was sucking energy into himself like a black hole. He had me locked in the house, objects were spinning through the room in a whirlwind, and his eyes were black. Entirely black.”
Dean's own emotions quickly shuffle from totally ticked off to not-really-sure-what's-going-on nervous.
"Okay."
Dean maneuvers over to Cas, climbing into his lap again, pressing close and wrapping Cas's arms around him. "I don't think you and I know what easy looks like, Cas." He kisses him, surprised and relieved almost to the point of tears to find that this, at least, is still good and warm and painless. "We're used to doing things the hard way."
They’re quiet then, and Castiel turns the hand resting between them palm up, inviting. Dean moves his hand into place, fingertips translucent in the morning sun, just appearing to touch. Castiel can’t feel it, but in this moment seeing is believing.
Castiel skin prickles like goosebumps, and he doesn’t think it’s just the temperature change. “‘Now’? As compared to what?”
Between them, they get Cas naked without leaving the bed, and it's only then Dean realizes Cas is hard too. His cock is heavy and red and ready enough to be leaking. A flash of panic hits Dean, because Cas isn't supposed to do that, be that, either. But he is. Because of Dean.
happen. Cas didn't have to do any of that, do this. But he did, he is. For Dean.
But he wants. Oh Heaven, how he
Dean lets Cas's reassurance take root—he hadn't really been joking. He closes his eyes and tips his head back to rest on the wall. "Okay," he says. "Good."
"Yeah, I did." For a lot of reasons, he thinks. But they're all stuck in his chest.
After nearly a week of sweeping and scrubbing, half a dozen trash bags of debris, countless buckets of dirtied water, and the development of a suspected mold allergy, the house feels ready. Or maybe it’s that Castiel feels ready—ready to try a project, ready to attempt the world again.
Sam makes a good effort to hold in his laughter, turning red in the process, but it bursts out of him anyway. "Dean, I know you know how to take care of that."
Cas frowns in concentration and steps forward, pressing two fingers to Dean's forehead in a way he hasn't in forever. Dean closes his eyes and waits for that cool, heavenly feeling to sweep through him.
No one calls and he doesn’t call anyone.
Which isn’t to say he hasn’t had successes. The living room has a new coat of paint, with no further paint pan problems. He’s replaced warped and rotted floor boards in the living room and a bedroom. He did, finally, call an electrician, who installed new outlet sockets and checked his fuse box connections, though the man also reported that “they’re in better shape than they have any right to be, actually,” and Castiel withheld a scoff. There’s a room upstairs he’s converted into a workshop, or at least a place to collect the mess: leftover paint supplies, sandpaper, drill and small power saw, and wood dust. Eventually the room may become his office, but for now his desk is downstairs in a corner of the living room; he doesn’t need it much anyway. And now that he has a kitchen table he prepares himself actual dinners and takes his meals there, thumbing through his ever-growing stack of library books.
"Dean?"
Lisa's family comes over, bearing cranberry sauce and sweet potatoes and more pie. Sam comes too, but he just brings beer. Ben gets a lot of hugs; Dean gets to hold Lisa's sister's baby, which is weird, but kind of cool, actually; and everybody gets seconds or thirds and there's a lot of exclaiming over the turkey and the apple stuffing Dean half invented, half ripped off from the Food Network. The only people who've ever had his cooking are Lisa and Ben and Sam (well, sorta), and it's not like Dean's used to being praised or thanked for stuff—he didn't even have to kill the turkey, you know?—so he has to shove down the awkwardness he feels, but the day turns out okay.
There's a smudge of sauce on Cas's bottom lip. There's a smudge of sauce on Cas's bottom lip and Dean can't breathe or move but apparently he's doing a good job staring because Cas licks it clean without taking his eyes off Dean.
"Thursday." Dean doesn't like the way the word almost sticks in his throat.
The kitchen’s cherry woodwork is dusty but thankfully unpainted and the cupboard doors are windowed. They’re dirty but only a few are broken. At the end of the cabinets, there’s a sturdy door with a window that leads outside, to a wide-open backyard that bleeds into neighboring fields and distant horizon. Castiel’s not a great judge of distance, but the nearest dot of white indicating another farmhouse seems miles off.
“’Course.”
He can't quite see Cas's worry, but he can feel it. "What are you sorry for, Dean?"
Two weeks ago, Castiel would’ve found his tools downstairs and assumed he’d absent-mindedly left them the last time he’d come down to flip the breaker. He’d worry about his memory, attribute it to his anxiety about the economy crash and distractions over whether there were warrants out for his Angelus colleagues’ arrest, and try to forgive himself. Now that he’s met the actual culprit he’s much less forgiving.
“Dead? Hell if I know.” Dean swings the chair back to four legs and drops his boots to the floor. “Good talk, Cas. Send me the bill.” And with a flurry of cabinet doors slapping open, he’s gone.
Dean huffs it off with a half smile, resisting the urge to check on Cas more closely. "You know where we are?"
He shifts back to his spot on the bed and gathers Cas to him. Cas slips into his lap more than happily and takes over his mouth with kisses. Dean kisses him back, but his hands are busy opening the jar. He gets what he needs and takes a minute to appreciate the very aroused angel straddling him—fisting his cock for a few strokes to watch him swoon, kissing his throat—but ultimately he slides his ass down the bed, turning onto his side, and tugs Cas with him.
The look Cas gives him could wither houseplants. "Yes," he growls. But his gaze slides off, his attention pulled elsewhere by whatever's happening in Heaven or Hell. "I have to go," he says, and disappears in the same breath.
That's all Dean does for an exquisite stretch: slip in and out of Cas, one finger, two fingers at a time, pulling out to smooth over his entrance, slick his body, soothe and tease and stretch. He kisses where he can, bites at Cas's shoulder, and just touches, just watches Cas take his touch. No hurry.
"Do you like cooking more than your current job at the auto parts store?"
Dean's non sequitur is not what Castiel was expecting. He cocks his head.
Dean wants to ask just exactly what he thinks he means by that and tell him that Lisa and Ben don't know about Cas—because, hello, that's weird in the worlds-colliding way—but then Sam says, "Hey, dude, I've got a class," and Dean bites it back.
Sam’s flashlight beam cuts through Dean’s center but the ghost doesn’t flinch, of course. He’s powdery grey in the light, as near to dead as Castiel has ever seen him, and his eyes are empty black. Dean’s chin tilts down as he examines the beam and he raises his black gaze coyly up at Castiel.
Dean chuckles.
"I'd prefer if that wasn't necessary," Cas mutters and reaches for the shortening.
Actually, Dean started out following recipes on soup can labels for casseroles—anything compiled from canned goods was easy enough for a twelve year old, so long as they were staying some place with an oven. There had been long stretches of PB&J sandwiches and ramen noodles cooked on camp stoves, of course.
“Around,” Castiel repeats and Dean nods.
Dean's more than grateful the war hasn't swallowed Cas. He doesn't worry about his own survival—PTs are shit duty for the crazy and dangerous, sure, but his boat is fast and its crew fierce. So long as there's no Jakes in the air, they got a shot. The higher-ups see it the other way round, though. They decided Cas's pretty ass is too precious to risk on a disposable boat and made him XO on a destroyer. But Cas's tin can is a floating target 24/7, and what just happened to
"This is a place of residence," he states, squinting toward the house. He doesn't look very impressed yet.
"Cas?" He reaches out to feel the bed next to him, blinking open his eyes when he finds only empty sheets.
Cas huffs a laugh, but a bashful, flattered smile makes it all the way to his eyes, which makes Dean smile too. Dean clanks the neck of his bottle to Cas's in a quick toast and doesn't take his eyes from Cas as he takes his first sip. He didn't know angels could blush.
Castiel rocks forward harder than he has yet and Dean's hands smack onto Castiel's knees as they ride through the sensation together.
He doesn’t return until late afternoon the next day. Meg had said something about dusk and a thinner boundary between worlds. Honestly, though, he’d only been willing to entertain maybe a fifth of what she’d shared with him as plausible, even less as serious advice. But she meant well, and he clearly has some kind of issue that needs to be addressed if he would like to continue living in this house. Which, he’s found, he does.
But then Dean is pushing at him, trying to unseat him. "Cas, I'm gonna— I’m gonna do what you did. Move, Cas—"
"Yeah." Dean can hear Sam's confused face. "Dude, is everything okay? You sound kind of . . . stressed out."
"I mean what we are, to each other." He runs an ankle up Dean's calf, tangles their legs together. Dean nudges his own erection against the cleft of Cas's ass, wishing for all the world he didn't still have his Navy-issue skivvies on, and lets Cas ramble.
He sidles up along Dean’s back and runs a hand over the bend of his hip. Dean startles, says, “Hey, sorry. Didn’t mean to wake you.”
The sheets are hot beneath their bodies, the air boils between them. Dean feels sweat at his forehead, at every place their bodies touch.
Laser lightning starts to fly as their demony friend gets more pissed off. Bobby's still looking down at the words, still rooted to the spot and determined to send the spirit packing. Zuul fires more bolts his way and Dean shouts at him to move, get down,
"Oh, Dean. Forgive me," he whispers. "I know now. I have your answer."
— end —
Dean peers through the dark for Cas's eyes, barely containing everything he's feeling. He can't make Cas better, can't fix him—they just have to wait—but he wills Cas to know that he's everything, that he's the reason Dean kept going for the last year, the reason he escaped.
Castiel nods. Two years, then. Sam had lived with the ghost of his brother for two years. “And do you know about any of the families after you?”
Thing is, Dean's a munitions grunt—he knows his weapons. PT boats carry two torpedoes apiece per run, and Dean's boat bristles with two machine guns and four cannon. Every one of those guns is his baby. His boat can blow a hole in a Jap cruiser from sixteen thousand yards. And sure, firing a torpedo can be like a roll of the dice. Sometimes those Mark 8s would porpoise off course or even turn in a goddamn circle to head back at them. But sometimes—enough times—they leave the tube hot, cut straight under waves, and hit their mark true.
For a long moment that's all he knows, all he thinks, all he is. Dean's other hand has come up to hold Castiel's neck, warm and broad. He aches for it again, Dean's touch. Craves every sensation Dean can give him.
He busts up his knuckles on the next case, punching a ghoul's lights out. They scab over, but the scabs don't go away. Not really. Not even after he finally listens when Sam tells him to stop picking at them.
— — — — —
Or, he’ll begin in the kitchen.
— — — — —
He presses the bottle into Cas's hand and give him his best lusty grin. "The food's just the wrapping."
A cricket-filled few beats go by before Castiel realizes the way Dean has not-so-subtly shifted position and cleared his throat a couple times are little demands for attention. Maybe even a kind of nervousness. He cocks his head and considers Dean more directly.
But then he remembers all those dreams and all that kissing in all those other kitchens and suddenly his brain is barreling toward a kind of conversation he's sure Cas wasn't intending to have. And if this keeps going in the direction Dean's brain is going, well—he needs to not be having this conversation anymore. Because dream make-outs with a hot angel are one thing, but there's no way that comes true.
And that's just it—they find that sweet spot with each other and it's mutual hand job heaven.
Castiel remembers to breathe, and then to close his dropped jaw. The thud of his heart echoes in the tremble of his hands.
“If you can move objects, you could hand me things instead of hiding them. You’ve spent years making people’s lives harder, but if I’m so ‘mediocre’ at repairs and you’re such an expert, why not lend a hand?” Castiel pins Dean with a look he knows used to make even the loftiest Angelus brokers feel shame. “It obviously wouldn’t kill you,” he adds.
Dean takes the blade from him carefully. "Never done this before to somebody else," he warns. "Been told I’m pretty good with sharp objects, though," he adds lamely.
And then he comes, hips twisting and hands gripping the bedclothes as he shoots up his belly where his shirt just was. He clenches his jaw and lifts his chin and rides through the extraordinarily awesome orgasm. Cas is the last thing he sees as his eyes roll back in his head, Cas with his mouth open and blue eyes fixed wide on Dean's dick as it spills against his body.
"Dean?" Sam calls, concern all over his voice.
It wasn’t lost on him that he was hiding among the walls of this house even as he was cleaning them.
Dean looks at him. He can do that, at least. He looks right into Cas's eyes.
Cas just nods, so Dean goes for it, pressing the razor to his skin and guiding it over the scruff. He works slowly down his cheek, down around his jaw, up his neck. Cas's eyes are closed the whole time, but he tilts his head at Dean's direction, and Dean finds himself absently smoothing at Cas's face with his thumb as he works.  He brushes off the first side when he’s done and continues onto the other.
and, oh God, leaning closer, and Dean internally shouts at his brain to
Do you like fic soundtracks? Are you an obsessive playlist maker like me? If so, check out the
From the pocket opposite the matches, Castiel pulls out the slim plastic canister of salt they’d purchased with the flashlight and cracks open the seal. He dumps a circle of grains around the footlocker and then into it, over it, covering the contents in white until the canister is empty. And then he reaches for the matches.
But Dean notices that no matter what the meal or whether they've finished, Cas flutters away before Lisa gets home.
Castiel gathers the items, tugs the string to turn the light off, and marches back up the steps. He closes the door on Dean, not that it matters. He’s already seen Dean pass through walls often enough to no longer be shocked by it.
— — — — —
"Curse box, yeah." Sam answers.
“Well, that houses can be haunted, yes. It’s all about the possibility, babe.” She sifts through the papers for him and pulls out a court report. “See there was this lawsuit—a fella bought a house, lived in it for a year, and then sued the former owner. He wanted the sale voided and the cost of the house back. Said it’d been sold under false pretenses. Namely, nobody told him the house was haunted.”
"Here ya go," Dean says, switching it on. He offers the buzzing razor to Cas, who looks at the thing the way he does demons—all mistrust and distaste. Dean rolls his eyes. "Okay, here, let me. You'd probably just dork it up anyway."
Hunters come through. Their business is slow these days, but there's a crew still out there, knocking off the hauntings and werewolves and whatnot. Dean keeps tabs on some cases, offers tips and tricks here and there. The Winchester becomes a hub. It's a good location—Middle America, halfway to wherever you're headed.
Dean catches a few winks himself downstairs on the couch, just in case somebody comes home. Nobody does.
— — — — —
Cas's eyes narrow. "What's wrong?" He puts a hand to Dean's chest again. Dean covers it with his own, makes Cas's thumb rub rough over his nipple. That hurts too but he can't have it any other way. "Your heartbeat is too fast. Tell me what's wrong, Dean," he orders, going full-on angel of the Lord.
There's no more kissing in Dean's dreams. Instead, he wakes up with a hole in his chest.
“When you first showed up. You looked like such a stick in the mud—which makes sense considering you came from, you know, Doucheland. But you’re not. Not really. You just had to learn to relax.”
"You sure you're okay, though?" Sam asks, "I can drive over this weekend if there's something up."
"You were busy for a
"It worked, didn't it?" Dean asks, self-satisfied.
Dean nods. "Okay, good. That's good."
Dean doesn't do up the theme in the décor, though. Just sticks to the basics—long bar with stainless steel stools, half a dozen booths, couple tables. All the seats are covered in the sparkly red plastic stuff. He has a couple Zepp and AC/DC posters on one wall, a bulletin board of photos on the other. There's a picture of Ben and Lisa in one of the booths with Ben smiling through a face full of burger while Lisa grins with her chin planted on her fist; another of Sam sprawling the length of the countertop, exhausted after that marathon day of cleaning and painting; one of Bobby giving Dean a gruffly fond eye roll as Dean smiles and points to a framed one-dollar bill, his first honest dollar as a legitimate business owner; and of Cas, sleeves rolled up, towel over his shoulder, his smile open and his nose scrunched up in laughter.
When Dean's pretty sure the pot rack's not going to rip out of the ceiling, he climbs down and hangs all the pots and pans from the hooks in the order Cas dictates according to the picture on the box. Then he pulls Cas back a few steps to the middle of the kitchen to admire their work. It's the only decoration-type thing in the room but Dean doesn't care. It's shiny and awesome. He flips his screwdriver in the air, catching it handily, and plants his fists on his hips like a superhero, beaming at their job well done.
"Well," he says, pulling Cas back from reaching for the remaining batter, "I woke up hard from that one." He flattens his palm and reaches around Cas, slipping his hand under the apron and dragging his thumb over the curve of hipbone.
Castiel feels a tug at his sleeve and turns his attention back to Dean.
Once in the bathroom, Cas leans against the sink counter as Dean shuts the door—to keep the heat in, he reasons. He turns back and tugs at the hem of Cas's shirt and jerks his chin for arms up. Cas does as he's told and Dean pulls the graying cotton shirt up and off.
The bright heat of Dean's soul curls around Castiel's fingertips, tender and familiar. It soaks into his skin, through his vessel's veins, rushing to restore the breech in his grace. He feels the wound gather and repair, feels the caress of its power like the brush of Dean's hand. It fills him, but he dare not take too much. He eases away, knowing his name is again inscribed in the depths of Dean's soul—an undeserved honor he selfishly cherishes.
There’s a young man standing across the room. He’s wearing a well-worn henley, jeans that’ve seen better days, a faded green shirt tied around his hips, and heavy boots. His expression is stormy. And he’s semi-transparent.
“You’re mad,” Dean unhelpfully observes as Castiel dumps the screwdrivers and level back in his tool box, plows past him to put the plumbing snake on the stairs to carry up later, and returns to the dining room. “Aww, don’t be mad. This is what we do.”
Cas scratches at his chin, then takes the t-shirt and sweatpants.
Dean plasters on a smile over the guilt clawing up his throat as they enter the kitchen. "Hey! Who wants to order pizza, huh?"
“It’s me, Dean.”
Cas leans up on his elbows and stares across the room, still wild-eyed. "I dreamt."
Cas has Dean in his grip, hanging heavy just above his red, red mouth. "Come on, Dean," he growls, tugging Dean's cock closer and circling it with his tongue.
"Yes."
Castiel looks over at Meg and finds she’s almost squirming with excitement.
But Bobby just dodges a flying clipboard and keeps going.
He flicks off the light, forgets the mess, and pulls Cas with him out the door and down the dark hall because if this is happening—and it is—it's happening someplace Dean can get Cas horizontal.
Cas gives him a close-quarters stare. "I have a better idea," he says, and disappears.
He forces Dean to rest and runs warm, damp cloths over their bodies while he does, or coaxes Dean into the shower. He makes Dean eat a couple of Sam's granola bars. He insists Dean drink more water.
not one of them is broken.
you. Too much to let you go, as I should have." Cas frowns a bit—not a sad frown, just a faraway frown—and Dean wonders, not for the first time, how much Cas is still bucking the system to spend time with him. But then Cas goes all earnest angel again. "I had to do what was within my power to make you see what was possible."
He stares blankly out the kitchen window, seeing his future stretch before him flat and fixed as the Kansas horizon and isn’t sure he wants the view.
He doesn't know why he does what he does next—maybe because they're so close, maybe because he's been touching Cas for an hour now, maybe because his face looks so soft, so lost—but Dean reaches out and cups Cas's cheek again, forcing him to look at Dean, grounding him here, now.
He doesn’t blame Sam for leaving. He also understands why Dean does.
A sound of pleasure rips from Castiel's lungs as Dean moves beneath him, in him.
Two days later, Dean's exactly where he was two days before—on the couch, in a blanket, in the half dark. He's got a book in his lap that he can't quite focus on reading, but Cas fluttering into existence isn't what he'd call a welcome distraction.
Castiel cocks his head, appraising her for a moment the way he considers—
“Did you know ghosts thrive on attention? According to,” he scrolls up to check the author’s name again, “Weigel, ‘when you give a ghost attention, you give it power.’ That explains a lot about Dean. He certainly never lacked attention, not from me and probably not from anyone else.”
whuckwhuckwhuck
Dean's eyebrows climb. If he didn't know better, he'd say that sounded downright fond. He clears his throat. "Yeah, thanks. Now don't just stand there," he nods to the rest of the unchopped vegetables, "Help."
He's had stitches sewn with floss, claw marks disinfected with whiskey, black eyes and cracked ribs and some wicked stab wounds and they've all healed, all eventually erased themselves from his body. Slices from silver tests and blood sacrifices are invisible next to the new welts and lesions. The only mark that's never faded is the handprint that got him out of Hell. He fits his hand over the imprint, wondering for the thousandth time why he was worth saving then if this is what was waiting for him now. He should be dead. He doesn't know why he isn't.
Dean just kind of glazes over there for a second, watching Cas as he squints against the sunlight, all angeled up.
He’s on the stairs, one shoulder propped against the wall like a casually dangerous sentry.
“Ha! Now you’re talking,” Dean smirks.
"Dean!" Sam blurts. He leans forward eagerly, all wide eyes and floppy hair. Dean smiles.
"Shit, oh shit, Cas. Jesus, don't stop."
The look in Cas's eyes softens from scrutiny to sympathy, thousands of condescending I'm-sorry-I-know-more-than-you apologies welling up in all that blue. "Dean, I'm sorry, but that's not true."
He feels it crest, feels the last grip of pleasure-pain. He shouts at Cas, shouts a string of cusses and comes so hard, the release blinding inside him as the curse's hold on him snaps.
He fumbles a match from the box and closes his eyes, poised to strike. “I’m sorry, Dean.”
and delivers them out of all their troubles.
As Dean spreads his arms wide, attention totally on Sam, Castiel bolts for the stairs, leaping up them two at time. He’s down the hall and at the attic door by the time he hears a booming, “YOU LEFT,” from Dean, followed by another crash. Castiel sends a prayer to whatever’s out there that Sam’s okay and dashes up the attic steps.
"You should go," Cas tells him.
in the gut, show him how it feels. 'Eye for an eye,' that's biblical, right?" Dean slurps at his broth, staring unfocused across the room, imagining his revenge.
"In the dairy aisle, next to the butter."
"I brought you this," Cas says as Dean sits up, and hands him a damp, warm washcloth.
By then Dean feels stronger. He's up and walking around, he gets dressed and showers every day—the whole nine. His skin is smoothing, its color returning and the scars fading. He's been eating a lot of ice cream. He's working up to pie. None of this means it doesn't scare the shit outta him when Cas materializes in Bobby's kitchen.
Castiel ignores the chill and keeps his focus on Dean. “I see. That must’ve been difficult.”
On the wall opposite the countertop and cabinets, there’s an entryway leading into the dining room, which contains another surprise antique—a massive old china hutch. The dining room walls are covered in faded, peeling wallpaper that will have to go. Another door at the front end of the room, to the right of the windows, leads him back into the main entryway.
Dean sits up when he comes to. He rubs at his eyes and decides he feels, well, sticky, but also almost normal. Not that it'll last long.
He rifles through the plastic bins of bathroom junk in the hall closet until he finds the razor and the right cord for it. He forgets to knock before going back into the bathroom, but Cas is dressed. At least, he took Dean up on the pants but left off the shirt. Or maybe he just didn't make it that far—he's still seated on the toilet, eyes closed for a two-minute nap. He opens them when he hears Dean and watches him plug in the razor.
“No way. You were seriously scared. And I love you, Clarence, but you don’t have that much imagination.”
“So, first big day at the office? How’d it go?”
And then there's a rustle of invisible wings and Cas is gone. Dean swipes a hand down his face.
He's not sure what he didn't understand about
His hand is on the knob, ready to turn it, when he's yanked back. Cas fists Dean's uniform and spins him, shoving Dean against the door and kissing him. Such a sudden, searing kiss, burning bright white behind Dean's eyelids, like the equator midday sun on the ocean. And this time Dean gets it, that feeling Cas was talking about earlier, that's too big to comprehend—it was this. It's huge and hot in Dean's veins, coursing toward his heart, running hot, straight, and true. Right on target.
Cas spins to look down at Dean, eyes wide with pain and concern and honesty so eager it hurts to look at. "I would not withhold aid from you, Dean. Not when . . . not now."
“Perhaps I’d be able to concentrate better without your distractions,” Castiel says as he snugs the cornice against its adjoining piece once more.
"Huh," Sam pipes, intrigued now.
They go and go and then they go again. But Cas makes them stop sometimes.
Cas cringes a little. "Yes. About that . . . He was—"
The bottom drops out of Dean's chest. "A deal? Like, a demon deal?" The hollow feeling only grows. He wishes he more than half remembered Cas's confessions the night before.
Cas shakes his head and picks up a clean bandage for Dean's burn.
Cas comes back often enough that Dean starts to think up stuff to make that could use an extra pair of hands for prep. He always gives Cas onion-chopping duty because his eyes don't tear up. And when Dean had him cube meat for kabobs one time, he was relieved to find that Cas didn't thank the flank steak for its sacrifice or anything.
Today, though, today the sun is bright and high, the Kansas mud has dried to fertile earth that looks as if it might sprout life soon, and Castiel decides to venture into town for more than just cleaning supplies. There are some simple repair projects at the top of his list he’d like to research, and he’d spotted a diner that he might try for lunch. Something about today makes the prospect of local fare seem charming rather than dietarily dangerous.
"Here, lean up," he says, taking a seat on the edge, facing Cas. He dunks the washcloth into the hot water and grabs the bar of soap.
“I . . . The board game? No. Those things are superstitious nonsense, why would I need a ouija board?”
He comes till it's gone, till his pounding heart slows and his breaths even out.
"You've slept many places, Dean," Castiel replies evenly in that I-know-you-better-than-you-know-you tone.
The smile that lights Dean’s face warms the night air between them.
Dean wrenches Cas up for another plundering kiss. They tangle and push and pull for seconds, then—
“Novak, right?” asks a man in a garish yellow shirt. He’s got one foot planted on the first porch step, clipboard balanced on his knee as he thumbs thick, dirt-smudged fingers through the paperwork. “Where d’you want it?”
But Cas doesn't budge.
“Well, no . . .” He can almost hear Meg’s judgmental eyebrows raise. “I thought I was misplacing tools, but now I— I suspect he’s been moving them. And there was that time—a few times?—all the doors in the house opened. And occasionally the television comes on in the middle of the night.”
Castiel turns in a circle where he stands, hands on hips, somehow expecting the room—the world—to look a little different, knowing what he knows now. It doesn’t.
"Yeah," Dean hisses. "It's—" He has to pant a couple times to catch his breath. He digs his fingers into the rumpled bedspread to keep from touching himself. The pain kicks up a notch, but that pleasure-burn is still there below it, beckoning him. "What the fuck," he spits. "It's stronger now. Cas, I don't think I can w—"
Cas makes a face and lets go, turning away. "Yes, it was. The things I've done, Dean . . . and for you to be punished for my sins—I can't begin to make amends."
Dean slides his hand into Cas's and steps in close. "Stay, Cas. I'm here because I want you here, so stay. Please. Lemme start over."
"Fuck. Cas, I gotta—" breathe. Dean has to breathe. He does step back, but scarcely an inch and he doesn't let go. Not yet. He inhales the smell of soap and shaving cream and warm skin, feels Cas solid and alive in his hands, and yeah, okay. Decision made.
—Motion City Soundtrack
is hard. "I don't know how many now."
"Unrelenting," Cas answers. "Unswerving. Unequalled."
Castiel gives Sam a hand up and together they move closer.
It's better. It's the best. The curse clamors.
"What the hell are you doing here, boy?" he scolds. Dean pants and swallows and holds out the crumpled page with the incantation. Bobby snatches it from him with an eye roll. "Idjit."
“I threw a dart at a map.”
"Shit," Dean flinches, remembering the wing-shaped bruises, and falls to his side.
"Yeah, man. He showed up the other night while I was in the library," Sam says and it sounds like he's juggling four of those huge law books, his backpack, phone, and probably some frou-frou iced coffee drink. Dean has no intention of volunteering to hang up and call back later.
So that first time nothing happened. No big deal. But the idea is in Dean's head now, and it's getting harder to escape.  It doesn't help that he has other real memories of Cas in kitchens. Like Cas in Bobby's kitchen, crowding in close and threatening to throw Dean back into hell.  And Cas in Chuck's kitchen, shouting that he'll hold them off, he'll hold them all off. It's all a jumble of power and domesticity in Dean's brain—holy terror and the comfort of home rolled into one blue-eyed, super serious dude with messy hair and metaphysical wings. It's . . . confusing. And kind of hot. Dean tries not to think about it. Much.
"Cas, did you just offer to get me off?" He has to ask it with his eyes closed. He cracks one eyelid just enough to see Cas shrug.
“Yeah,” Dean dusts a hand at his knee, thinking. “Sam and me, things didn’t end good. Had sort of a fight. I don’t know how much you know about the war protests at KU, but Sam was at one that turned pretty bad. I tried to get him to leave but some dick cop clocked me with his baton and that was lights out.”
Castiel’s eyes fly open.
The TV’s not just on, it’s changing channels. But there’s no one. There’s the couch and Castiel’s haphazard stacks of boxes and the TV, moaning and panting and glowing into the otherwise dark.
Dean nods. That was the agreement—one ticket to ride out of Purgatory and call it splitsville once topside. He's not sorry, exactly, but he’s reluctant to let go of a strong ally. Reminding himself he's on terra firma, he nods and sticks out his hand. Benny grips it tight and even leans over to chuck Cas gently on the chin. Cas's head lolls against Dean's shoulder. "You take care, now."
"Topeka," Dean tells Cas with a smile. He feels like he's fifteen and setting up his first date.
Cas looks at Dean and frowns. Dean lets him get up, promptly sinking into the pool of warmth he leaves behind. Cas grabs Sam's cell from the nightstand and walks it to the door. "We'll call you when it's over."
Dean yanks him back up. "No, not here. Bedroom," he orders. Cas pouts. Dean surveys the pancake mess on the stove, the Bisquick and whipped cream and egg shells on the counter and shakes his head. "Cas, I promise to fuck you on the kitchen floor some other day. Right now, this first time, I'm going to fuck you in bed. Trust me on this one."
"He's . . . " Sam stops, choosing his words carefully. "He's got an arousal problem. It's painful, apparently."
Dean feels it alright. It's about to punch out of his chest. "I'm fine," he says, guiding Cas's hand away. He's not fine. The pain is impatient. And he's hard again, too. Agonizingly hard, actually.
“What do you think you’re doing?”
Cas withdraws his hand, expression gone to stone, and Dean dies a little bit inside.
“Hey, Cas.” Hope straightens Dean’s posture a little, like an eager teenager.
"Sonofabitch." Dean grimaces as he comes. His hands white-knuckle fisting the sheets as he pulses against Cas's hip. He wants to tell him, to tell him—something, anything. Words don't come until it's over, though, and then they're not the ones he'd meant.
"Sometimes I can't comprehend it. It's like the war—so massive I can't envision it all, so big it might overpower me, might sweep me away, swallow me.
“I think so,” Castiel agrees quietly.
"I feel better," he says, hoping to bring Dean back to himself.
“Cas! Jesus, what happened? Was I—” Dean straightens and his face goes tight. “Sammy?”
He tips his face into his pillow and gives himself a moment of giddy, embarrassed joy. He should have known it wouldn’t matter what he decided to believe or to forget. Because if there is one overarching, defining characteristic of Dean Winchester it’s persistence. Dean’s persistence is responsible for his continued existence over thirty years after his death, and for his appearance in Castiel’s bed.
Dean laughs aloud, simultaneously wanting to kiss Sam and kick his ass.
That's when Dean realizes that, at some point, Cas got good at this, at all of it—slicing, roasting, sauteing, tasting,
It's absurd, Cas standing there with an apron over his trench coat and one of those floppy chef hats on his head, flipping pancakes. But it's one of those things that assures Dean he's actually sleeping and actually dreaming. The real Cas would never go for that shit. He wouldn't pop up into Dean's subconscious with a message from Heaven and decide to whip up breakfast while he's at it.
Dawn is different in Kansas. Early pink light bleeds through the fields of tall grasses behind the house until the sun itself appears, a great orange orb rather than a distant, flat disc. Castiel stands at the kitchen sink with a mug of coffee as he has for the past several mornings, watching. He hasn’t showered yet—might not shower at all today. He also hasn’t shaved for a while, and he’s wearing the same jeans and tee he wore yesterday. The few suits he brought with him all hang in the closet of the bedroom he’s chosen to sleep in, the only one without broken window panes. Dawn isn’t the only difference in his new life.
The angel's attention shifts from Dean's fingers to his eyes and suddenly he goes all soft—his cheeks slacken, eyes widen. It's like he's so welled up with some unspeakable angel emotion he's going to start, like, leaking.
The fact that his leather coat felt big enough to fit Sam should've been his first clue. The fact that he almost passed out climbing those flights of stairs was definitely his second. But what finally hits it home that Dean should've stayed in bed and not made the drive to Sioux City, exactly like everybody told him not to, is this part—the part where the goddamn demony thing is tearing shit up and Dean can hardly catch his breath, let alone mutter out the incantation he'd found, or do something awesome like
"No, listen," Dean pushes, "I wasn't trying to off myself, okay? I was trying to make sure I'm still fucking
He digs his fingers into Cas's knees and grits his teeth. He wants to order his body to come, demand it get him there
He peeks up at Dean again. “You’re back. I was worried.”
Castiel steps over a torn throw pillow and some remains of the bookcases and has the exact opposite thought. He hardly recognizes his home, and so much is ruined.
Dean rolls his eyes then isn’t there anymore.
Dean lolls his head to the side and sizes up Castiel with a squint. “You know, I like you better now.”
"So when you say you'll heal, we talking days? Years?"  He wants to know how bad it is, needs to know how much damage he did in dragging Cas back with him.
Stillness settles over Sam. The ankle balanced on his opposite knee stops jouncing. His long fingers press flat, one hand on his thigh, the other on an armrest.
Dean dumps his duffle bag on the opposite side of the trunk. Not that he doesn't trust Sam's work or anything, just—
“Yes, of course.”
"So I went back to the museum," Sam says through the crack in the door.
show up Monday and on time
– end –
Because it sure as Hell doesn't feel like it. And if I can't hunt with Sam or help you fight that war you won't tell me you're losing—"
Eventually he starts sleeping and dreaming again. The dreams leave him unsettled, though. He's always looking for something. Not like he's patting down his pockets because he can't find his lighter or like he's on the trail of some big bad. More like he's on a quest for the Holy Grail or Princess Toadstool or something, only in suburbia. Every night he's searching through houses with empty rooms and no one home and every morning he wakes up feeling like he's missing something.
“I’m Castiel,” he says, “It’s, um, nice to meet you, at last.”
Last night they'd taken their time picking up the wreckage from their kitchen table adventure—the kitchen table that is now set for two, Dean notices with a pang of fondness. Afterward, Dean had cajoled Cas into the bedroom for the express purpose of sucking him off, because he was sure it would blow Cas's mind. It did, and Dean's pretty sure he's now addicted to making Cas writhe and whimper and come. His new goal is to make Cas curse. He has a couple ideas on how to make that happen.
He calls Sam a couple times, eventually works up the guts to ask whether he's heard from the Winchester family angel. "Nope," Sam says, "Not a peep. Not for a couple months, I think. You?"
Castiel closes his laptop.
With a last lick at Dean's lower lip, Cas transfers his mouth to Dean's neck and sneaks a hand under the hem of Dean's shirt. Dean's not sure what the protocol is for stripping an angel, but Cas doesn't give him a chance to find out. He sinks to his knees and undoes Dean's fly, working his hand in around the denim. Dean's already hard. Of fucking course he is.
Sam’s house isn’t remarkable. It’s an absolutely ordinary 1970s split-level, part light-blue siding, part brick in a subdivision on the north side of Lebanon. Castiel isn’t sure what he imagined, but the mundanity of Sam’s current home as compared to the farm house full of secrets he grew up in—and the problem Castiel is about to lay at his doorstep—is difficult to wrap his head around.
“As I said,” Castiel hisses.
"The fuck?" Dean mutters as he wills it down. He zips up around it with his lip between his teeth, then pushes on his crotch like a thirteen-year-old in biology class, but there's nothing doing. It doesn't take long for it to start to hurt. "Motherfucker," he spits as that warm burn in his gut twinges hard, like somebody kicked him in the nads, and he accidentally squeezes half the toothpaste out of the tube.
Castiel huffs a surprised laugh. “Yes.”
Then again, they knew the moment they met they were probably dead men, but that only made breaking every rule even more of a no-brainer—because if not now, never. And so far, by the grace of the God Cas counts on and Dean doesn't quite believe in, they're both still here.
He clutches at Cas's shoulders, claws at his own skin. Pain rages, his nerves flash. Cas's fist, Cas's fingers fuck him deep and fast, pushing and pulling him closer and closer. Dean can feel the curse lash out.
Dean holds his breath. If Cas is really begging for as much and as far as Dean can take this, well, Dean's not going to argue. But his mind is a little blown right now and he has to be sure. He pushes up on Cas's shoulder to get a look at his face. "Cas, do you— Can I?"
Except.
The Lawrence Public Library is a 1970s eyesore of squat construction flanked by white pillars of stucco, like someone’s minimalist reinterpretation of the Parthenon. Inside it’s exactly the kind of well-loved-but-underfunded space Castiel had always read about in the
He's moved from the bedroom back to the kitchen and is currently debating which is the best cupboard to house all those little spice jars when Cas reappears. At his sides he's dangling a six pack from one hand and two grease-stained paper bags that surely contain burgers and fries from the other.
Dean smashes back into Cas as he comes, moaning loud and unashamed as Cas cups his cock to his abdomen and lets it paint up his stomach.
Dean peels his attention away from the sunset and down to Castiel. “Yeah, you strike me as a city slicker. New York, right?”
Once Castiel’s head is damp, Dean pours a sweet-smelling gel into his hands and rubs it into his hair. It feels ignominious for a moment, but then Dean flexes his fingers and begins to work the lather into Castiel's scalp and Castiel forgets everything else. The smell is overpowering, but the sensation is overwhelming. An indulgent whimper escapes him.
Dean's heart thuds hard in his chest, but the edges of his vision crumble to black even before Cas's words fade. Because then Dean wakes up, morning wood at full mast and aching.
“Telling them they were outside an acceptable margin of risk and could potentially crash the market.”
He took all those steps only for Dean. He doesn't understand why Dean needed him to take them.
Castiel hums, memory and desire tugging inside him, alive again with confirmation. “So it happened.”
“Heya handsome, I have something for you,” Meg calls as Castiel steps into the reference department. Silence really isn’t the prized commodity for a library Castiel had always imagined it was, and anyway he’s usually the only patron in this section.
"'Course," Dean says, lacing it with just enough mischief that Cas laughs again.
Meg rolls her eyes and waves away his niceties. “Read up, it’s good for you.”
That makes Dean's stomach clench and his hackles go up. "Okay then, so, new goal: no more dying." It sounds harsher and more defensive than he'd meant it to.
It’s a bit they do, a strangely likable one: Castiel comes for reference repair and remodel books, Meg hands him an article on the paranormal or rambles local lore at him. Her dedication to his conversion is charming, even if he finds the premise farfetched.
“We should probably stop.”
It's the truth, and he doesn't regret it.
Sam's eyes widen. "It . . . really? Like, you're being forced to?"
be here, and the more light spills above the horizon the truer that is. Cas's officer quarters might have walls, but that's not the same thing as privacy. They're still on base. They're still surrounded by a few thousand sailors. They're still flirting with a court martial and dishonorable discharge. But this, this never happens—Cas's ship docked for resupply at the same time, same place as Dean's PT boat is put up for repair.
Meg unbuckles her seatbelt and waits for Castiel as he peers through the windshield. “Ready?”
Clarity comes back with the pain. It cuts through Dean sharp and clear, crystal shards of it, slicing. He fumbles for Cas before his eyes are even open, kissing and pulling him closer. The pain is a sharp presence, but it doesn't deter Dean from begging a little bit for Cas to fuck him, or from getting greedy and helping guide him in. He expects the pain to be replaced by pressure and pleasure when Cas slides into him, and although the pleasure's there—the tug and stretch of Dean's well-used body around Cas's cock, the weight and warmth of him inside Dean, it's all fucking unbelievable—it's there along with the pain.
