He tentatively approaches Tony, like a scared, skittish little bunny, and slides the box across the counter.
“Send the most recent stats to Ms. Williams and May Parker, please.”
Steve’s fingers close reluctantly around the sweating bottle. “How am I supposed to dance in this? The second I move my arms I’m gonna flash the whole room.”
Tony sets down his pen.
“Okay.”
Peter swallows the bit of muffin he was chewing and raises his hand in an awkward wave. “Hi, Mr. Stark.”
“I think you’re blowing this entire situation out of proportion, let’s back it up a little, ‘cause I’m actually going to therapy and I think you’d be really—”
His initial reaction to the inside of the lab is ‘ah, organized chaos’. There is not a square centimeter of desk space that doesn’t have either piles and piles of notes, some kind of robot, a takeout bag, or a computer on top of it. There’s a whole bin of what looks like empty fire extinguishers in the corner, and there’s a glob of green sludge hanging out the side of the biohazard waste bin. It looks… sentient.
The lights go down, and Riri shouts ‘hey!’ in the darkness. Tony hears what he assumes are the sounds of her scrambling for her phone. A beam of white light emanates from her corner of the room, revealing a scowling Riri and a grinning Steve.
“—Whatever,” Steve concedes, rattled, but folds his arms over his chest in continued defiance. “Then what about Brock?”
Objectively, Steve is happy for Tony. It seems like something he’s wanted to do for a really long time, and the fact that the company will be moving away from war profiteering and moving towards fixing global warming is good for literally everyone on the planet. The fact that Tony’s going to be doing this on his own, rebranding an entire company, reorganizing an entire conglomerate, all in the name of making positive change, it’s…
“Peter,” Tony says abruptly, slapping the rest of the armchair with his open palm. Peter looks up from where he’s wringing his hands, wide, twitchy eyes momentarily focusing on Tony. “Explain to Steve what’s going on before he sprains something trying to figure it out.”
“You can afford it,” Steve says simply, and pops the button on Tony’s pants.
In lieu of a response, Steve gets his hands under Tony’s thighs and hoists him up without warning. And it’s muscle memory, the way Tony’s arms immediately circle his neck, legs squeezing tight at Steve’s waist. Tony looks down at him and feels all the oxygen leave his lungs at once — even with new wrinkles at his eyes, a hairline that pushes back a little farther every year, and hair that sorely needs cutting, he is still, without a doubt, the most beautiful man Tony has ever seen.
“Can we talk about… I mean— should we talk about…”
“And I’m sure it doesn’t say anything that my instinct was
“Jarvis?” he says, loosening his tie and shrugging off his suit jacket. He drops them on the floor, even though he knows Pepper will give him judgey eyes for it the next morning. “Will you order five— nah, let’s do six— six cheeseburgers and also a milkshake?”
“Alright,” Tony says again, amusement growing.
“Nope. Fun fact, I hardly ever know what the hell I’m talking about.”
“Alright. A suit and a veil.”
So that means Tony’s the one who has to learn how to develop some form of self-restraint, which is pretty tough ‘cause he has 36 years worth of experience that tells him he’s all but incapable of such a thing.
“I understand your apprehension. He is an acquired taste,” Viz says wryly, eyes fixed on the corner of the room where Tony is entertaining a small, laughing crowd. “You don’t know him as I do. He has a good heart.”
“Fuck,” Steve says, eyes still squeezed shut. He starts rubbing his temple and Tony knows -- remembers, actually, from three years of marriage -- that this means he has a bitch of a prosecco-induced headache.
Tony initially resists the temptation to roll his eyes at the self righteous note in Steve’s voice, then thinks ‘what the fuck? Why am I pretending it isn’t obnoxious?’, and rolls his eyes twice for good measure.
Hours later and they’re helping the last couple drunk veterans into the elevators. Tony’s starting to think they’re going to be too tired to do anything except spoon and watch The Daily Show, but then the doors have barely shut and suddenly Steve has Tony backed against the wall, crushing their mouths together with unbridled urgency.
“Tony,” Steve interrupts, a little more purposeful this time. Tony falls silent, looks like he’s maybe crushing the paper flowers in his rapidly tightening grip. “I think I’d li—“
Steve’s shift ends and he lets Brock buy him a hot dog from the stand across the street. Brock’s eyes get all dark and sexy when Steve licks ketchup off the side of his hand, and, yeah, okay, Steve’s gonna give him his number. He’ll let him dangle for another half hour, but he’s definitely giving him his number.
Sam spends the night on the couch because, even as he insists he can manage it, Steve doesn’t want him going up the stairs. After a few painkillers and a hot meal he’s out cold, snoring pretty loudly as Tony and Steve make their way through the dishes.
Like he said, it’s a good three days, which is exactly how Tony knew it wouldn’t be long ‘til something came along to ruin it.
“Uh-huh,” Tony cuts in, head leaned back against the oven.
Steve laughs the most when he uses it as a preface in SHIELD briefings —
“How was the meeting?”
They crystallize into a weight in his chest that makes his breath short and his shoulders tense. Before he even realizes what’s happening, he’s caught in this ever-pessimistic spiral of thoughts that ends in the entire world going up in flames. Try as he might, he can’t seem to get ahold on rational thought, to take refuge in the kind of clear-cut logic he’s depended on his whole life.
“I like the happy endings,” Steve explains, smiling softly at the page.
“You didn’t say there were rules!” Tony insists, leaning his head against the kitchen cupboards and grinning. “I just made a couple adjustments to the design!”
Peter shows up, he calls Steve. Riri asks him about death, he calls Steve. The oven stops working, he calls Steve. He forgets the word for ‘wrench’, he calls Steve.
Steve and America spar sometimes, in the front yard. They’re only evenly matched when Steve sets a no-portal rule, though America is unafraid to break it if she starts losing. Tony watches and pretends to referee from the front porch, marveling at the fact that Steve never looks so profoundly happy as when he’s getting his ass handed to him by someone he cares about.
“Do you really want me to go?” Steve asks, and the slump of his shoulders makes up Tony’s mind.
“So that’s your full explanation then? You got scared that I was more interested than you were, so you ran away?”
“Right,” Tony starts, giving him a lazy once over. “Too bad.”
“Will you make me eat quinoa?”
“Mmm,” Tony says, rubbing idly at Steve’s absurdly broad shoulders. He knows he’s smiling way too fondly for a booty call, and he’s silently grateful Steve isn’t currently in a position to see it. “I did, didn’t I?”
Things fell apart pretty quickly. They’d both needed each other desperately during that period, but they’d had too many individual problems and responsibilities on their respective plates, and Tony was spending more and more time in California trying to help Stark Industries recover from the damage Stane did on his way out, and Steve slept at Bucky’s place more nights than he slept at theirs.
Tony kisses his nose and squeezes his hand. He can’t even find something snarky to say. There is nothing snarky about this moment. His life, for once, is completely and totally humorless.
Steve’s marker doesn’t still as he ponders the question, still moving in light, ticklish lines along the inside of Tony’s wrist. “Running, maybe. Skyping with Sam.”
“Weirdo,” Tony accuses, then regroups a little, taking a deep breath. “Anyways— the situation is, obviously, I love you. I did this very weird, very embarrassing, very— ugly set of things because I love you. And I want you to be happy.”
“Yes, Steve,” Tony repeats, rolling his eyes even as an affectionate smile tugs at his mouth. “I can’t think of anything better than spending a weekend with you in a remote location doing nothing but having sex and eating apple pie.”
But Tony’s not even listening to him. Tony’s grinning like an idiot. Steve is starting to think he might actually be having some sort of allergic reaction to vegetables – how would they know, it’s not like he’s ever had them before.
Tony has to say it three times before Steve actually takes him seriously.
“Yep,” Clint scratches the back of his head, “yeah. That would be the one. Richards says it’s fine though! The chances of him getting spat out somewhere benign are very, very high. Plus, he’s got the shield! And a loaded gun. Thor went in after him — it shouldn’t take them that long to find him. They… said… not to worry?”
He’s waiting for Steve now, all suited up and antsy. He has Friday read back Peter and Riri’s vitals. He’d hesitated before setting up that kind of access in their suits, but at this moment, he’s never appreciated a decision so much in his life.
1. Locked in the break room alone for an hour and a half in the name of a “safety drill”.
Steve glances tentatively between the scraps and Tony.
“I’ll be over in thirty,” he sighs, turning on the sink to rinse out his brushes. “Text me everything you want from the apartment. I’d say text me the address but I assume ‘Stark Tower’ is already on Google Maps?”
They get burgers at a homey little diner about 15 minutes away from the research facility. It has a classic, red leather kind of aesthetic that’s endlessly charming to Steve, and the booths are spacious enough that he can sit cross-legged with his knees tucked up against him and still have room to spare. The burgers are also fantastic.
Sam and steve parents take the plane and... Both of them never saw there family's again..
For these who don't know me, let me say you really missed some things then, I'm a brown haired Casanova, some people say that my eyes looked golden like the sun when it hits the sky, others will tell you they look like an old whisky, brown and mysterious, I for myself would describe them as Bambi eyes...because that's how my beloved one call them.
Describing someone you love it a tricky thing, because you always will just give the best imagine from this person but in fact… Steve is perfect as he is, sorry to tell you..
Maybe because no one wrote Steve.
Steve punshed the punishing bag in front of him like he would punch a enemies.
And just before you told me again
I would like to introduce myself first, my name is Tony stark, know as iron man, and this is the story how Captain America fall hopelessly for me…. Okokok I correct myself, this is the story how I fall in love with captain America.
Steve looked at the picture... Brown hair... A smile... OMG this smile.... And brown eyes so.... Deep brown eyes... He... Started to smile... Since ages... This guy on front of the display hit his heard.....
Sam huged him and told him about that he would made it up to him next weekend and in a blink he taked his stuff and close the door.
So it was nice to have Sam around him because since this accident Steve really was not social at all. He cut all of his contacts and even Bucky, his on and off partner, was on his blacklist now. He don't wanted to see anyone. And he barley goes out.
... Steve just looked at his beer
“forget it I just was curious... “
All of the 134 passengers died by the accident.
The plane crashed after 10 minutes due to some machines trouble, no one really figured it out until this day anyway,
And then there's my charme….. Gosh you would fall for it immediately, sometimes I fall for myself too.
I'm sitting here, breathing my last breath
OK enough from Steve. This is about me and how I fall for him. Not about Steve telling how great he is and how lucky I can be that he liked me too…
He don't liked it that Sam makes a joke at him all the time when something new happens in new york or when Steve don't know every celebrity... Steve was simple  not interested in those things that's all.
Blue eyes gazed to the tiny man who came to him
But you leave me behind with Barnes..
And he punshed the bag with all his power.. hate was inside his eyes, no it wasn't exactly hate it was… madness about that whole thing.
And for whatever reason he seemed to feel offended everytime Steve crossed his way, well they lived together so it wasn't that easy to hide from each other for a longer time.
Watching me die
So Sam was a part of Steve live. And he was there for a movie night and then out of Norwhere Steve takes Sam's phone because a picture plopped up at his WhatsApp.
“this one? You mean this guy? “
Together
"Tony... "...
Sam laughted lovely of course he knew who this guy was... It was stark. Tony stark. Who on this damn world couldn't not regonice him?.
“just stay away from it idiot”...
And he was fine with this. He don't needed anyone.
**************************************************
Steve run downstairs before banner and romanoff could understand what was happening until it hits them also, the alarm came from Tony's lap… means Tony was in danger…
When I go for this, I go big, as usual.
They change sometimes when he looks at the sun… then his deep blue eyes get a little lighter and they remember me then at the sky when there are no clouds.
The salary was high and the school was well know for one of the best in his town. He had everything  and then one night Sam came over, he was 3 years younger than Steve but he loved him like a brother, they wanted to go out  and both of there parent's was anyway away for the weekend they wanted to take a short trip to Las Vegas and all of them was so thrilled for it.
And that was something else that Steve knew. He remembered all too well the day that Tony had come to him and said that he had gotten a promotion with his work and that he would be leaving within the month.
“You can’t think like that.” Nurse Rogers finally turned around and took Tony’s discarded paper towels in her hand, her head ducked to try and catch Tony’s gaze. “Trust me, Tony. I’ve been there. It’ll eat you up.”
Even through the phone, Howard’s voice was loud and demanding. Tony winced despite himself, utterly hating his reaction but not being strong enough to stop it. It wasn’t a problem that Howard wouldn’t be there for Tony’s school break, but he had missed his mother something fierce. He’d been weirdly looking forward to seeing her, even if it would have been short snippets between parties and galas. It would have at least been something.
“Right,” Tony said, shaking his head when Steve’s grin spread even larger, “come on, darling. Christmas Eve tradition. May, you got the camera ready?”
“Fuck.” Tony let out a harsh breath, his hands shaking even as they grabbed Steve’s sleep shirt.
“Do you actually read those?”
That was all Nurse Rogers said. There was no need for Tony to spill his guts, no need to keep the conversation going at all. He could have left it and gone home.
“My Grant was such a wonderful man and a loving father, but he was stationed away for much of my pregnancy.”
♡♡♥♥♥
“Not a hair out of place.” Peter tapped a few keys on his keyboard and focused in on where Captain America was fighting a horde of robots, his shield hacking them to pieces. “Handsome enough for Steve, don’t worry, dad.”
There was a loud yelp and Tony jolted when Steve pinched his thigh, nearly spilling his coffee all over himself and the bedding.
After a few months of them literally taking him beneath their wings and introducing him to an entirely new world, Tony had started to trust that they were actually, genuinely his friends and had started to let a bit of his cheekiness show.
“Tony?”
to start a relationship with Tony.
“I love you.” Peter couldn’t remember the last time he’d actually said that out loud. Not to his dad or to Steve, for that matter. He didn’t know if he’d ever said it to Steve; at least not since he was a child. Now, though, it was burning his tongue. He needed to say it, needed to tell his dad that he loved him. “Love you. Both of you. I – Dad, I just, I do, please,
No words left Steve’s mouth, but some sort of strangled gasp was punched from his chest. “Fuck.”
, Steve remembered from the stupid, troublesome app, had looked beautiful in all of his dating profile pictures. There was no denying that. His eyes had sparkled with a mischief that had drawn Steve in even through a screen, his mouth twisted into a cheeky grin in every single photo. The pictures had shown Tony with a number of hairstyles; bleach blonde to close cropped, thick waves to streaks of grey. The first photo had had the hairstyle that Tony was sporting as Steve stared at him in horror; lighter than the others with a definite curl to it as it grew a little longer than the other photos.
Steve’s resolve crumbled. He wasn’t good with children, he told himself again and again. “Oh, go on then. Get your book out.”
There was a brief moment of silence before Nurse Rogers clapped her hands and reached over for a clipboard on her desk. She turned a page or two before she turned it round, not that Tony knew what he was reading.
“Steve,” Tony’s voice was quiet and he couldn’t make it any stronger, “come on.”
There was half of a broken laugh, though Steve couldn’t have said if it came from himself or Tony.
“It’s
“Let’s go find my chid before he climbs into the tree with the damn owl, Elf-is.”
“Obviously,” Tony agreed with a roll of his eyes, a fond smile tugging at his lips. He turned back to the dried ingredients in front of him as he waved to the other side of the kitchen, eyes drawn to the way his ring caught the light. “You can chop whichever onion hasn’t gone off over there. I think there’s actually a part of the serum that means you won’t cry whilst you chop it.”
“Hey.”
Tony knew he was being condescnednng, but he liked the dazed look in Steve’s eyes.
A sniff and a laugh. “For me, it is,” Tony said truthfully, warmth flooding his chest. He looked back at his nurse and mustered up a smile. “For me.”
Tony kept his eyes on the wall in front of him. There’d been a picture of their wedding day there until about four days ago. He was going to have to redecorate if he wasn’t going to put anything else up; there was a horrible faded mark in the paint.
“But he did,” Ana whispered. “You were the reason he stayed. For you, my lelkem.”
“Then you never knew me at all,” Tony answered, reaching for a napkin and swiping angrily at his burnt hand. “Where are–”
Oh. That was… something. It was an idea, alright. One glance at Steve told Tony that he was feeling much the same way.
“Not this morning.” Steve squeezed Tony a little tighter and started to rub soothing circles on his thigh. “I think I’ll stay here for a little bit longer.”
How could he have been so stupid?
Steve hated that he was always so quick to blush and that it then took so long to fade again. “It’s not meant for you.”
Steve chuckled at Tony’s discrete eyeroll.
Instead, there was more silence. It was almost deafening and Steve shifted from foot to foot, wishing he was anywhere but there.
“My pleasure,” Steve said. He reached into his pocket and pulled out the bag of marshmallows. “Tony found these. He went searching high and low in the kitchen for them because he said it wasn’t a real hot chocolate without them. Isn’t he awesome?”
Tony just wanted to be wanted, that was all. That’s all he ever wanted.
“Hey,” Tony said and Steve looked back at him, only to see that he was speaking to Peter. His eyes were trained on the boy and his tone extremely soft. “Come on, buddy. Time to wake up.”
Call him possessive, but Tony knew what he wanted. And what he wanted was Steve’s mind on him and him alone.
Every page had been handwritten, carefully crafted letters spelling out the words of each recipe (and most of them had even been spelt right because Jarvis had helped him).
Tony had been thrown down to the floor with his hands bound behind his back, a long chain tied from his bonds to a hook on the hard ground. It wasn’t dignified, but it gave him more freedom than Steve had. Not that freedom counted for much where they were.
Steve huffed out a laugh at that; he knew that too. So far in the phone message, Tony had only said a few words in short passages, but Steve recognised the slur to his words and the pauses between each sentence as he thought carefully about what he was going to say next. The music in the background was a bit of a giveaway, too.
Steve jumped up at the sound of the machine’s message ending with a cruel beep and almost screamed when the options for the message were listed instead of Tony finishing his words. Tony had just been about to…
God, Steve still felt like such an asshole. He just wasn’t good with kids, but that wasn’t Tony’s fault. Tony seemed amazing, seemed like someone that Steve would be proud to be with. And Peter was – well. It was entirely possible that Peter had the ability to change Steve’s mind about kids.
“Who raised you to be so polite, hey?” Tony huffed jokingly, bouncing Peter on his hip. He wasn’t used to the weight of a child in his arms, but it was something he knew he could get accustomed to very quickly. That and hearing Peter say
“Hey, hey,” he said, shooting up in bed and desperately fighting the tendrils of sleep that tried to pull him back into unconsciousness. “You’re okay. Hey, Tony. It’s alright.”
> Bruce told me. Way to go, shpil'ka! Get some.
A child. There was a whole little person inside of him, half of Tony and half of Steve Rogers.
“That’s what Steve used to say.” Tony picked at the hem of his t-shirt once it was back down and covering him, hiding that tiny freckle. “But all I can think is what if something does happen? I wouldn’t know – who would think to tell me? And he’d never know about…”
Tony had been about to agree, when the words hit him and he frowned. “What?”
“Would make a good movie,” Steve said, hefting Peter up a little more as he leaned to see what the woman by the tree was doing. “And I don’t know. I’m quite glad it brought you here.”
Steve ducked his head, looking down to where Peter was curled up at his side, tiny legs folded on the seat and his little fingers clutching at Steve’s sleeve. His whole focus was, as Tony had said, on the colourful TV show.
Tony knew what she was talking about. He knew the same look, had seen it in the mirror every morning for the past few weeks. Probably even longer than that, if he was being honest with himself. It was a sad sort of cross between resignation and sorrow. He’d brought it all on himself, but he still couldn’t keep the pain away.
“God, this is good,” May said over her mug with a happy sigh. “I’ve been wanting one of these since the last time I was here.”
“I wanted to be with you,” Steve continued, not looking away from Tony for a second. “I wanted to be the one taking you out and pulling you out of the lab. I wanted to be the one to kiss you and to buy you roses just to watch you blush and insist that you didn’t need them. I didn’t want Andrew. I don’t want anyone if they’re not you and I’m sorry it took me so long to realise that.”
Tony took a deep breath as his phone continued to buzz and flash in his hand. His head was still pounding to a loud and heavy beat, but it was almost drowned out by the pain in his chest.
Tony had been about to tell Steve how he felt as well. He really, really had this time. He had fought with himself for weeks before he’d finally decided that yes, Steve needed to know. It wouldn’t be so bad to take that step and open his heart, to admit what was on the tip of his tongue every time he and Steve hung out.
Who knew there were so many different types of Christmas trees?
“Well, that’s obviously bullshit,” Tony said, looking up at the ceiling. It made a change, really, that the guy sounded quite unsure of himself. And not at all like the usual shitty men that Natasha seemed to attract, with his questions and his soft tone. “I’ve never heard of a Nat and this number belongs to a family friend who’s been dead for fifteen years.”
It took a very long time for him to finally reply but, when he did, it wasn’t verbal.
Tony to smile at the awe in Rhodey’s voice. “Yeah, I guess so,” he said, his own voice flatter than it should have been given the topic of discussion.
Peter gasped. “That’s such a good idea! Daddy bought me a real good book. It’s got dinos!”
Tony shrugged. “It’s not even 6am. Take a look around; anyone without a child is still asleep. They won’t be round for a while.”
Tony laughed. “Colour me unsurprised.”
– but, wow.
“Need a hand?”
Before Steve could say anything, Peter nodded. “Yes,” he said solemnly. “The owl hasn’t got a mommy or a daddy, like me. So they need to take him away to find a Tony and a May.”
He hadn’t lied to Rhodey – would
Tony reached out and fisted his hands into Steve’s sweater, yanking the man down until their mouths could press together. The kiss was long and languid, lips moving against the other's like they'd done it a hundred times before. It was slow and soft, with no need to rush. Tony had wanted it for so long that he didn’t feel any need to make things move any faster, wanting instead to bask in what he'd always wanted.
Taking a steeling breath, Steve stood up on shaking legs and picked his jacket up off the floor. Searching through the pockets with a slightly nervous expression, Steve grinned triumphantly when he found his keys and pulled them out with a jingle. “Thank fuck those are still there.”
“Sorry, darling. Wanted to make this for your birthday breakfast.”
Tony paused to fight off another robot, protests interspersed with muttered curses.
Steve mustered up a matching smile even as he held Tony that little tighter, hand not stopping its soothing circles for a moment. He could feel his own arms start to tremble, but he tried to hold back as much as he could.
“You gave yourself an out,” Tony answered quietly, bracketing his arms on the back of his chair and falling forward. He shook his head harshly, standing up and crossing the room towards the door.
“Hm.” Steve laughed a little absentmindedly, shaking his head as he kept his eyes on the panties Tony was folding expertly. “Something like that.”
Still feeling a little uneasy, Steve watched him go. It was only when man and child had rounded a corner than he realised he was still standing like an idiot. Looking round him quickly, Steve dropped back into his seat and reached for his phone again. When it was unlocked, Caleb’s abs were still right there on the screen in ultra-definition.
The look Peter gave him held far too much judgment for a young child, but it made Steve grin. Cheeky little thing.
“Yes, we’re sorry about that. It’s all to do with masking waves, which is why it has to be cold, but why no one has invented a way to make it work at room temperature, I’ll never know.”
“Problem?”
“I don’t want him here.”
“Never.”
And that was exactly the moment that Tony finally realised he wasn’t going to be forgotten ever again.
Nurse Rogers matched his smile. “Thanks. Now, it will take a while to form this picture,” she said, starting to move the wand across Tony’s stomach. “Is there anything you’d like to talk about while we wait?”
Frowning, Steve dropped his gaze to the floor and then, when he saw the lift where the carpet didn’t quite fit the shape of the room, wished that he hadn’t. He hated being reminded of all the small parts of their apartment that weren’t quite right.
“Here, try this.”
Steve laughed and Tony pressed his lips together at the sound. He wanted to hear nothing but that every day for the rest of his life.
“Pretty sure I do,” Tony said, his hand running through Peter’s hair. “He’s a terror.”
The bell on his hat jingled again as Steve’s head shot up. He felt genuine offence at that and told Sam as much. In his defence, it had been a shocker of a day. “It’s
I will kill him if he hurts you
“He’s always cutest when he’s asleep.”
“Not having it?”
“So,” Peggy asked, stepping back to let Sarah stand. “Did you see the sonogram?”
Silence. Steve hated silence. He’d had nothing but fucking silence for days. He wanted yelling, wanted laughter, wanted something that wasn’t more fucking
“You left me, Steve. You did the one thing you promised me that you never would. You walked out and I had nothing.”
Tony hated seeing it. Steve looked so happy every time that Tony saw him and whilst Tony was glad about that, he hated the reason for that happiness.
“Oh,” Sam murmured. He looked a little lost and Steve couldn’t really blame him. He was still reeling from the first time they’d had that conversation. “That’s right. They’ll look after him properly.”
The only thing Tony wanted was his ring. Both, if Steve would give his up. Which, Tony reasoned, he probably would, what with him having initiated the whole divorce thing.
“Go on then, bambino. It’s yours.”
He’d only wanted to make something a little special for Steve. Their anniversary had been interrupted by a battle and they’d gone from a romantic meal at a five-star restaurant to suited up and locked in a fight with an alien invader. Given that they were meant to eat out, their kitchen wasn’t exactly stocked for cooking.
Tony licked his lips and flattened his hand over his bellybutton, fingers splayed. “About his child.”
“What’s Christmas without a tree, huh? We need to get one of those.”
“Pie for breakfast?” Steve asked, hooking his chin over Tony’s shoulder as his hand shot out to snaffle a piece of apple floating in the bowl of warm water at Tony’s elbow. “How lucky am I?”
Tony scrunched his nose up in thought as he went about pouring a cup of coffee. “I think so. I wrapped up around 5, I think, so whatever gap was between then and now is how much sleep I got.”
> What did he say?
And… oh. They were going to talk about it.
Nodding, Steve let go of Philip’s fin and settled back in his seat. “I do. My job means that I have to go to lots of places.”
“I meant the ring is huge. It’s falling off your hand and – Tony! Take it off!” Steve sat up suddenly and grabbed Tony’s hand, trying to prise open Tony’s suddenly-bent fingers. “Tony, I mean it. Let me – stop moving. Your finger’s gone
, surely. What was wrong with whites and greys? Blue, if Steve was feeling frisky, but he didn’t think he’d ever worn something quite that garish shade of orange.
Peter actually looked interested. “Do you get toys?”
“No,” Steve said when Peter was secure in his arms. “No, it’s fine. We’re good, aren’t we, Pete?”
“I – yeah?” Tony swung his and Peter’s hands between their bodies. “That’s cool. Hot chocolate is awesome.”
Tony nearly tripped as he walked into the room with two mugs of coffee and one of hot chocolate. It had been a balancing act to pick up three mugs at once without burning his hands in the first place and he really didn’t need his heart leaping into his throat to throw his balance off. “What?”
The smile on Nurse Rogers’ face didn’t dip at all. “Okay, my lovely. Pregnant for sure, or just a hunch?”
“And if we don’t?”
“Go. And take a photo of Sam’s face. I need to see it again.”
Typical. Tony wanted to scream. The world and his wife knew why the parties were always held in December, and yet Maria hadn’t joined the dots. It seemed that without Jarvis there to buy a tree and force Maria to take notice of the change of season with garlands and lights covering her house, she walked around with her eyes closed.
“No.” Sarah sniffed loudly and spun to face her desk. “I don’t know if he ever will, either. Tony wasn’t sure.”
“Still nothing?”
The nurse let out a small laugh and her face softened into a warm smile. “You’ll be the death of me, you pair.”
With every word, Tony’s eyebrows lifted higher. “Right,” he said slowly. A small smile started to creep onto his face. “Thanks for the recommendation.”
“About damn time if you ask me,” Tony murmured, low enough that Peter wouldn’t hear. “I figured I’d get milk and cookies out of this deal and the window’s closing on that.”
“Will he be okay?”
Steve’s smile was blinding, soft and sweet and gentle and entirely too beautiful for Tony’s heart to not explode. Before Steve could give an answer, Tony continued.
> What?
Tony laughed and managed to free his hand from Steve’s grasp, lifting it to cup his cheek instead. Leaning in, he pressed a long and lingering kiss to Steve’s mouth, letting his tongue run across Steve’s bottom lip before he pulled away.
Steve laughed and Steve’s Peter’s hand back. “Yeah. I’m pretty sure the place I’m thinking of does pancakes.”
“Oh.” Steve wasn’t sure what he was meant to do. All he knew was that he couldn’t ignore the boy. “That wasn’t nice.”
“Yeah,” Steve said instead of voicing that. He took the red crayon that Peter held out to him. “I’d love that.”
“Tony, come on. We had to – he had to be here. Sweethe–”
“The bar?” Tony swallowed and looked away, hating the memories that flooded his brain and started to make his cock twitch with interest. There was nothing he wanted to do more than launch himself across the room and into Steve’s arms, but he could play coy when he felt like there would be something in it for him. And hopefully, there would be something in him very soon. “We’ll have to go back and make sure they’re still in business.”
The child stared at him with wide eyes, so big they were nearly popping out of their head. They didn’t speak a word, but their head just about wobbled off with the velocity of their nodding.
“Please!” Peter suddenly shot up and held his arms out for Steve. “Can we go? Let’s go
As a child, it had meant that his parents weren’t going to live together anymore, that his dad was going away and he wouldn’t see him much. It meant arguments and screamed accusations, tears and slammed doors. It had been a nightmare.
But, having said that, Steve had been drunk with Tony before and Tony wasn’t an emotional drunk. A happy and overtly-sexual one, yes, but not an emotional drunk. Not like Steve, who frequently professed his love for strangers he met in bars and clubs whenever he had more than two drinks.
“Don’t,” Steve almost snarled his interruption before he sighed deeply. There was some more rustling and some metallic clanking, but Tony didn’t bother looking up to see what was happening. “Don’t say that. They’re not going to get you again. The team will come, sweetheart, you’ll see.”
“Statues. Figurines. We’re working on our pronunciation, but it’s a long process when you don’t have all your teeth.”
No. Of course Tony wasn’t ready. Was anybody ever meant to be ready to see their child for the first time? All he could think about was how much could go wrong, how badly he could mess up, how–
“Oh, yeah, babe. Those would be my panties. I wore them last night and got myself off in them. Thinking about you, by the way.”
It would have been easy to lie, to pin the blame on Steve and laugh the whole thing off. But a lie wouldn’t put Steve’s ring back on his finger. “We took on new clients and I had to focus on keeping the transitions running smoothly. I was stressed with that and your promotion made you tired. The whole adoption–”
“In the genes,” Tony said, a smug curve to his lips. “Raising the next Einstein.”
“Aunt May! You havin’ fun?”
“And it had better live up to expectations,” Tony said, hopping down from the counter and taking one of the mugs that Steve held out. Bending cautiously, he cocked his head. “It smells good.”
“Oh.” Steve stopped in the doorway and tilted his head with a grimace. “That was weak. That was really, really weak.”
The only difference between Tony’s preferred version of a pasta bake and the classic that Ana had taught him as a child was that his was a bit more adventurous. It served to make things just a little bit more exiting. Everything he did was done with a flair of the dramatics, so it made sense for cooking to follow the same lines.
delivered to the house.
“Right then, Mr. Stark,” the nurse said, taking a seat at her desk and gesturing for Tony to hop onto the bed. “I’m Nurse Rogers.”
“Yeah,” Steve said. He might have to replenish the supply after Christmas, but he didn’t really care with Peter looking at him like he’d hung the moon. “I reckon we’ll be here a while and it’s the least I can do for you being such a kind little boy.”
“Tlanta.”
Pausing before he took the cream from Steve, Tony cocked his head. “I’m sorry. Are you trying to say that my cooking isn’t good enough for you?”
Peter rolled his eyes as he turned to flick through his other computers, pausing for a moment to check the tension on Clint’s bow. It was looking like it might be a good idea for Peter to pull it in after the battle and check its performance.
They knew what the other needed, inside and out, and they knew exactly how to achieve it.
Tony winced minutely. Shit. He hadn’t even thought of that. Clint tended to fancy himself as somewhat of a photographer when he got wasted and tried to record everything their group ever did. Tony would have to cut that off pretty quickly and hope that any evidence hadn’t found its way onto social media already.
“Tony, you can’t.”
> NEVER ANY DETAILS
> Tones. I’m coming over. Carol too
“Which one of you is the adult here?”
The implication of Steve taking Peter anywhere made him choke on nothing and he averted his gaze.
Cookies were a staple in Tony’s recipe book. There were many different varieties, so many tweaks that could be made to each batch to make a different cookie type for any occasion.
“You have no idea how stupid that was, Tony. There was–”
“Alright, Tony. It’s time to come back to me. I’m here, okay? You’re alright. They can’t get you anymore, can’t hurt you.”
“Happy anniversary.”
He and Tony had been together for a few months. From the start, it had very much been more of a ‘they’d fallen into bed when drunk once and never really defined the relationship’ than a real boyfriend and boyfriend adult relationship. Steve hadn’t known that he had meant anything to Tony outside of the bedroom, though he’d wished in secret. There had been so many nights where Steve had lain awake and watched Tony asleep next to him, carefully memorizing every line on his face and every tiny flutter of his eyelids. The few dates that they’d gone on were crystal clear memories in Steve’s mind and there was even a shameful photo album saved on his phone of pictures of Tony, and Tony alone.
Steve snorted and elbowed Tony in the side. “You do realise you don’t get that until bedtime, anyway, right?”
Tony’s eyebrows rose right to his hairline. “Waiting? Waiting for what? If we wait any longer, hell will quite literally freeze over.”
Peter grinned up at him, seemingly perfectly content. Honestly, it was quite confusing for Peter to be so happy, Tony thought as he handed Steve his coffee and blew on Peter’s hot chocolate for a moment or two.
Was there anything that he couldn’t do?
Tony nodded along as though he’d understood any word Peter had been babbling on about. “Right.” He wasn’t sure what exactly he’d asked to prompt Peter’s longwinded explanation, but he didn’t mind the company.
> Answer your phone, you idiot. We’re talking about this
Tony would have taken selfie after selfie as well; one of their top-halves naked and pressed together, one of Steve pressing a kiss to Tony’s cheek, maybe even one of their lips meeting in a soft kiss.
he was a dad for the eight months it had been since Peter’s biological mom and step-dad had passed – but he was learning very quickly. Rule number one was no unnecessary tears. “Places are still open on Christmas Eve, right?”
“Yeah,” Tony said, hopping up onto the counter next to where Steve was working. “There’s so much about him that I don’t know. We haven’t had much of a chance to get to know each other, really.”
“Would he be angry?”
“Hm.” Tony untucked the paper towels that had been stuffed under his jeans for protection and started to wipe down his stomach. “That’s my – well. The other dad.”
“Well,” Steve said, clearing his throat and looking at Peter, willing the blush that he knew was rising to go away. God, Tony really was beautiful. “Statues, I can do.”
“What shall we bake for your first try? I’m pretty sure there’s a good recipe for mini cupcakes in there, somewhere, and I need an assistant chef.”
Ty was going to text. He hadn’t forgotten; he was just busy. He
The worst. That’s what he’d said. Those were the last ever words that Peter had said to his own father.
just the drink talking.
He really was a dick.
Silence. He knew what he had to do.
Tony frowned. “This tree?”
“What?”
“Me, too,” Steve admitted. That was partly the reason he’d had no luck with
It did, actually, even coming from a man with bells on his shoes. “Thanks,” Tony murmured. He figured he could blame his red cheeks on the cold, if anyone noticed. “I really–”
They’d done it a hundred times each. Sometimes it was Steve in the hospital bed. Sometimes they were only out for a matter of hours. There were jokes on some occasions, a witty or sarcastic comment to bring a smile to the other’s face immediately upon waking.
The only saving grace was that he was alone. Blissfully and peacefully alone. There were no screaming children, no woman in the corner shouting into her phone or man sounding as though he were coughing up a lung like there had been when he’d been in a few days before. Tony had had his blood taken and had peed in a cup then, and spent the next few days sat anxiously awaiting a phone call that had summoned him to go in to be given the results. Not that he had needed them.
Ignoring Tony who was silently laughing at his predicament, Steve forced a smile onto his face. It spread quite naturally. “It was great, Peter. Thanks for sharing it with me.”
“Oh, I don’t know,” Tony said faux-seriously, looking around with a considering look. “A creepy basement and a bunch of psychos upstairs? Not my weirdest Tuesday.”
Steve barely dared to hope, hands lifting automatically to curve over Tony’s hips. “You – what?”
Tony jolted out of his awe when Nurse Rogers jumped and the wand on Tony’s stomach slipped violently, gel reaching further down than Tony had prepared for and making him shout.
“Sure it is,” Tony gasped, throwing a hand over his heart. “Dobby, back me up. Santa’s elves can’t lie.”
“–wanted to be here.”
“Let’s go!”
Steve had lost track of the plot almost as soon as the TV show had started. There were bright colours and talking cartoon animals and Steve had never watched anything like it before.
With a loud sniff, Peter turned his face ever so slightly. Tony felt himself relax a tiny, tiny bit and Steve must have taken it as permission to continue.
Shaking his head, Sam laughed again. “You’re such a Grinch.”
“Just like that,” Steve said with a warm smile. His hand started to move in big, sweeping circles as Peter’s cries turned to soft hiccups. “He can’t stay here on his own, so the nice people at the rescue sanctuary are going to help him find some friends. If his mommy and daddy are gone,” Peter sniffed again and Tony squeezed him tighter on pure instinct, “then they’ll find him a Tony.”
“I didn’t either,” Steve said into the room and Tony felt his eyes on the side of his head. “I only want you. And you to want me.”
“Yes. That should cover everything in much more detail. And then anything else you want answers to, you can discuss at your next appointment.”
“Yeah, Tony, you did
Another shriek of laughter sounded from down the hall and Tony huffed. “Nah, can’t say that I am, really. Though hearing Pete’s screams all through Christmas makes you feel hungover.”
Peter’s head snapped up at Tony’s voice. “Hi, Daddy! Did you get food?”
“Guess you were drunker than you thought you were,” Tony chuckled weakly. “I tried to tidy up but I have no idea what you did after I went to bed. Looks like you had your own private party.”
Sarah chuckled and straightened her scrubs. “I did. Looked just like my Steve.”
“Ha. Ha.” Though he’d heard the joke a hundred times in that week alone, Steve found that he didn’t mind it so much with it was paired with Tony’s slow smile. “My colleague Sam does the chopping, actually. If you head back over to the tree, I’ll grab him and bring him over.”
“No!” Peter tugged on Tony’s hand and pouted up at him. “Need to see the owl go. And our tree! Can’t leave without a tree. Please, Tony.”
“No,” Steve said and finally stepped into the room, walking slowly over the carpet until he stopped just before the couch. “I shouldn’t.”
. A whole little person living inside of him, ready to grow and stretch and make his body do all kinds of weird things. Nine months of his baby inside of him and then eighteen years of them living in Tony’s house.
His daddy was often late. It was okay, though, because Tony knew that his daddy had an important job that kept him busy a lot of the time. It wasn’t always fun for Tony, though, even when he was told time and time again that his daddy was very sorry to be missing him again.
Steve startled at the sudden comment from the row of chairs behind him and turned around. He’d been passing the time in the airport lounge by swiping through
“Roger that, Ms. Widow,” Peter said quickly, zooming a camera in on the street to see where the robots around her were coming from. “You’ve got a visitor to your left and about six, no, seven more coming up behind you.”
Peter gasped loudly and scrambled to sit up. “The owl! Gotta do the owl!”
Steve nodded. They’d had a pilot’s announcement that they weren’t far out of the airport and Steve really wasn’t sure he was ready to let the Starks go. After his small bribe to wake Peter up with the promise of breakfast, the boy had fallen back to sleep against Tony’s chest and Steve couldn’t take his eyes off him.
“I never asked where you’re headed,” Tony said suddenly. “Business or pleasure?”
“A cute boss.”
“Steve?”
Steve nosed at Tony’s shoulder, dropping kisses to the bare skin there. The first thing Tony had found on their bedroom floor when he’d woken at the crack of dawn was a workout shirt of Steve’s. Given its size, the material hung off Tony’s frame. It wasn’t practical, but it was cozy.
The only reason that Steve had a landline was for his mom to use. Though everyone else used his cell, for some reason his mother had an aversion to texting. Steve didn’t mind all that much. If anything, he liked that they had something that was special just for them. Even if Steve was never in when Sarah called him and she ended up leaving a message for him nine times out of ten.
There was a short pause before someone cleared their throat.
“Aren’t they meant to bring carts around?”
“I like it here. And May don’t really like Christmas, so I thought...”
“He’s a kid, Steve. Come on, babe, he had homework–”
When Tony was at home and safe, when they were wrapped up in their stupidly thick comforter and drinking out of their embarrassing matching mugs, they could restart the argument. Of course they would – it would never be put to rest – but it could wait.
Tony loved the way that Steve looked at him, all gentle shock fading into soft pride. It was true that Tony had needed to be brought out of his shell and that Bucky, Sam, and Rhodey had been the three men to do just that. Their personalities were so different to anybody else that Tony had ever met in his sheltered life before moving to college, but it seemed that that had been a good thing.
“Oh, yeah. No denying that.”
“You can’t call your fiancé an idiot, idiot.” Any malice that Tony might have wanted in his voice was lost to the beaming smile on his face and the sheer joy radiating off him as he twisted his hand to look at his ring again.
“Leave me alone,” he murmured, tone nothing but fond. His ring was cool against Steve’s cheek; a beautiful reminder of the life they had waiting ahead that made Steve huff out a gentle laugh and finally relax. “It’s completely perfect.”
Steve fell silent. Tony’s chest heaved.
Trying to keep the rest of his body perfectly still, Steve squeezed his fingers a few times, starting a rhythm that he hoped would penetrate Tony’s nightmare. Soon, Tony’s head slowed its manic movements and, just as Steve was about to speak again, he shot up with a desperate cry.
“You’re always the optimist, you always have been,” Tony said, hating the defeat that was colouring his voice. Stark men didn’t cry. Stark men were made of iron. Tony was meant to be a superhero, and there he was. Giving up. “So you tell me. Tell me, Steve, do you think we’re getting, getting out?”
“You’d have done the same thing,” Tony said finally. It was clear from the way that he set his shoulders and kept his voice steady that he remembered. It made Steve want to cry, if anything. “You know you would.”
“Shush, Daddy,” Peter said, tapping at the book still in Steve’s hand. “Steve’s reading and he’s real good at the voices.”
Steve gasped, a little exaggeratedly. Possibly a little too exaggeratedly. “You have? Where have you been?”
“Yeah,” Peter said, head nodding. “The little ones. Of places. That’s what Pep has in her office. Daddy always buys her one.”
Tony paused to have a quick mid-air battle with a robot and Peter winced in sympathy when he received an armoured body to the face. Even behind the suit, that would have packed a punch.
His self-deprecating laugh fell short when Tony frowned. “I think lead architect is impressive. It made me swipe right.”
Tony scoffed. “Yeah. There was someone.” He sighed, the bitterness falling from his voice. “There was a wonderful someone.”
Tony hopped off the examination table, wobbling a little as he straightened out, and clutched the pack of leaflets to his chest. He felt quite queasy and was definitely going to seek out a café for something decidedly – and disappointingly, disgustingly, sickeningly – non-caffeine infused.
“Oh, yeah? Have you picked one, yet?”
Steve looked up as he stirred the powder in a few mugs. “Peter?”
> I’m serious Tones. NO DETAILS
The voice actually sounded it, the man almost tripping over his words in haste to apologise. Tony hadn’t had a call like it before and he found himself oddly curious.
Captain America – had something going between them. It was obvious. It was there in every touch between them, in every glance that lingered just a little too long.
strange was for Tony to let someone else encroach on his special time with his son time and time again, week after week. The same time, the same person.
Mama. Though Tony had never gotten to meet either of them them, he’d known even as a child that that was pretty important.
“No, mom,” Tony replied dutifully, the words spilling from his mouth without much thought at that point. He felt like a broken record player. Or a robot. “Enjoy yourself.”
Whatever Steve had been about to say was cut off by Tony shoving a forkful of potato-filled pastry in his mouth.
Son despotised, Tony straightened up and frowned at Steve. “That’s literally what fate means. Divine powers control everything. They don’t pick and choose.”
Stepping forward, Steve cleared his throat. “They’re getting there, I think. They wanted to avoid chopping down the tree in case it scared them, but we can go and see how close they are.”
Steve bit his lip to keep himself from blurting out something stupid. “Have you not – um, don’t…”
Peter beamed, clapping his hands together around Philip. “Yay! Mornin’, Daddy.”
“That was all the kid,” Tony said, running his hand through Peter’s hair before the boy started to edge away towards the commotion around the tree. He’d obviously lost his shyness and had gotten over his sadness, at least for a moment, Steve was pleased to note. “Yeah, yeah. Go on, babe. Go and poke your little Rudolph nose in – but stay away from axes! Peter; stay away from axes!”
so large – hand on Peter’s back. “No, they’re not going to take him away. They just need to take him out of the tree, yeah? It’s not safe for him to be here alone and he can’t stay here in case someone takes the tree home – like you!”
. Definitely a hard pass for that one?”
It wasn’t in his plans for a child to be in his life at any point, if Steve was truly honest, so he wasn’t about to date a man with a kid.
“They have to.” Tony’s throat was tight, breaths closer to wheezes than anything else, and he wasn’t sure what he was telling his brain to say was actually what was leaving his lips. If it was his time, then at least he had Steve. “I apparently have plans to attend.”
Peter’s face lit up and he pulled away from Tony’s legs just enough to beam up at Steve hopefully. “Really?”
“Yeah.” Steve sat down next to Tony. “For now. There’s – we need to reschedule. You need to–”
“So, just a normal night then? We lost Clint somewhere along the way and Sam ended up with a dick on his face.”
Though Tony and Steve had only been dating for a few months at that point, Tony had known it was as serious as he would ever get and he couldn’t have stopped himself from snatching the last owl on the shelf as a yearly reminder if his life had depended on it. As soon as he’d shown Peter, the boy had very nearly bounced right out of his skin and had set about making a small Santa hat to fit on its head.
“That’s true.
Steve paused to give some real thought to the question. “I like blue.”
The door itself was thick and just far enough away that Tony’s chain forced him to a halt before he was able to get a decent look at it.
All too soon, it was over and Tony’s nurse started to move again, breaking the spell.
uniform before, mind, but it could grow on me.”
“Pleasure,” Tony said sincerely. He fell down onto one of the couches with a sigh, looking up at the Christmas tree that took up half of their living room. It was one of Steve’s, obviously. Though he no longer needed to pick up any extra cash, he still worked at the tree farm during the Christmas season, much to Peter’s delight. (And Tony's. He'd grown rather partial to the elf costume.)
“On the counter,” Tony said, arching his eyebrow at Steve’s narrowed eyes. “Where you leave mine most mornings.”
There was a slight beard, too. Not like the one Tony had had in the last picture that Steve had seen – the one that Steve assumed was the bad-choice winter beard – but a small, neatly trimmed goatee sort of thing. Steve would never have gone for it himself, but it suited the other man.
Gone was any chance of getting the man’s – Tim’s, Tony’s? – number. Well, the sheer humiliation and the fact that the man had a child were both factors.
It was nothing, really. It was a blob roughly the size of a jelly bean. The picture wasn’t even clear. It was black and white and so ridiculously grainy that Tony couldn’t see clearly.
It hadn’t been either of their faults. She knew that much, could
Tony said, voice a little breathless as he dipped and dived, weaving in and out,
Now, it wasn’t even unusual for one of the Avengers to eat at Tony’s place, or to spend time with Peter. But what
Tony chuckled, stirring a bit more milk into one of the mugs that didn’t look quite the right shade of brown. “Yeah, that’s true. What’s he doing?”
“Tony,” he heard Steve say and he tried to refocus. “Don’t do it now.”
. They ate together most days when Tony wasn’t stuck in the lab and they shared movie nights at least once a week. It was coffee breaks spent together and weekend walks through the park. Tony loved every single second that he got to spend with Steve. He loved Steve.
“Bucky had taken Sam back to yours before we went. The whole passing-out-on-the-bathroom-floor thing was kind of a downer so Bucky said he’d take him home. You and I stayed out for a bit longer and, I don’t know.”
Tony shrugged and dropped his gaze once more. “It’s fine. No big deal.”
But, asking a toddler for info wasn’t exactly the right way to go about starting a relationship.
“God, you’re such a little shit.”
Brushing a little bit of sleep from his eyes, Steve settled back on his side of the bed again. He tried to think about things that had happened to them recently, any breaks in routine that might have contributed to Tony’s sudden nightmare. There was nothing that sprung to his mind immediately, but he knew that the subconscious couldn’t always be predicted.
The startled shout had Tony practically flying across the lot. “Peter! Are you – did he get you with the axe? I will
Steve sighed. “I wish I could kiss you.”
out here. I think I’m gonna take off, actually. You can cover us, can’t you? It’s Christmas Eve, for Christ’s sake. Who hasn’t got a tree by now?”
Tony snorted. The sound made Peter move in his sleep, his small nose crinkling. “Hardly.”
“Of course,” Tony said back, matching Peter’s somehow even bigger grin.
Peter swallowed around the lump in his throat. “I didn’t.”
“You’re going to take care of this, aren’t you?”
“Uh huh. ‘S in my bag. Pep gave it to me before we came on the plane.”
“There is actually something I wanted to talk to you about,” Tony started, wincing as he tried to roll his shoulders into a more comfortable position. It was nigh-on-impossible, what with how long he’d been forced into the stance, and Tony dropped his head back as he resigned himself to his fate.
It wasn’t until he’d said her son’s name that she realised.
Tony looked up again and smiled. “Oh, yeah. So they are. What a beautiful colour.”
Despite the rising taste of bile in his throat, Tony managed some sort of smile. “I’ll work on it.”
“Now, if you’ll excuse me,” Tony said as he turned and headed for the bedroom, leaving Steve stood in the middle of the room with his shirt half-unbuttoned and pants a little tight, “I really must do something about these boxers I have on. I’m suddenly afraid there’s going to be an underwear line. And we really can’t have that, can we?”
“I’m sorry.”
Even if Tony chose to go it alone, Sarah had not one single doubt that he would do the very best that he could for his child. It was her secret. If Tony chose not to tell it, then she would take it to the grave. It would kill her, but something told her that she didn’t need to worry about that.
Tony froze for a second before he shook his head and cried out.
” Tony’s voice had dropped to a frankly obscene husky whisper and, coupled with the soft confession, his speech stopped Steve in his tracks. He was torn between crying and being ridiculously turned on, and he wished he could say that it was a new feeling. Unfortunately, when one was in love with Tony Stark, it was a battle that occurred quite a lot.
He sighed and resigned himself to his fate. Takeout and a bit of peace and quiet. Things could be worse, he tried to tell himself when his throat grew tight.
Steve gasped dramatically when Peter suddenly shot up in Tony’s lap and reached out for him. “You are?”
Tony squeezed Steve even tighter and kissed his bare collarbone. “Happy anniversary.”
> Finally!
“Yeah, kid?” Tony frowned through the window to follow signs to yet another lot. He could only hope that it was still open, or that it actually had half-decent trees left to sell. The last place had been so dodgy that Tony hadn’t even unlocked the car doors.
Even when hoarse and broken, Peter loved Tony’s voice. He hadn’t realised just how much until he’d only been able to hear it through old recordings and videos with Tony behind the camera.
, Tony thought bitterly. Bucky had left before Steve and Tony had started dancing together, never mind done anything more risqué, so at least that was one problem that he didn’t have to deal with. Tony lifted one shoulder in a causal shrug and shook his head.
Peter nodded as best he could between the seats, faux leather squeaking. “She’s the best. So, read me?”
It was okay, though, because there were people who were more important than Tony. He got told that often enough; like whenever his lower lip started to wobble when his daddy pushed him out of his big office or when his daddy didn’t have time to look at the colourful drawings he’d done at school of them holding hands in front of their big house. (Tony couldn’t find a nice brown for the bricks because one of the other boys had wanted to use it and their picture had been bigger and took longer to complete, but the red was close enough and Tony had just really wanted his daddy to see it and tell him how good it was. It was okay, though, because Jarvis had smiled at it widely enough for Tony to giggle with pride and even take it home to show his Ana.)
“Pete, babes, it’s freezing and it’s getting late. We can’t really stay and help out – we were only coming here for a tree. And we still have to decorate it!”
Smiling at Peter’s excitement, Steve lifted a shoulder. “Well, it’s a lovely colour. How about you use my favourite and I use yours?”
. Tell me you’re joking.”
Tony shivered in the cold morning air as he exited the taxi, shoving his wallet back into his pocket with icy hands. The sooner he had a hot shower and dived deep below his covers, the better. He walked up to his apartment almost by muscle memory alone. He was barely awake enough for coherent thoughts, never mind rational thinking, which is why he didn’t question why his front door was unlocked and the lights had been switched back on.
“I thought the whole point of having the afternoon out of the office was to not do work.”
“Hm. His name was Rogers, too, ironically enough.” Tony let out a tiny laugh as he balled up the paper towels in his hand. “Think his mom was a nurse, but I’m pretty sure she lived in Massachusetts, not here. And she didn’t do babies, thank God.”
“I love hot chocolate,” Peter said.
“Not that kind of elf,” Steve shouted over his shoulder as he headed off, ducking his head again at the wink Tony shot him.
No one could blame him really – or at least that’s what he told himself. After all, it wasn’t every day that one lost their virginity to the captain of the college’s football team, was it? Tony was utterly giddy about it; still riding the high of his first other-person-present orgasm and the idea of actually having a boyfriend for the first time.
Truly, the whole tree was a bit weird. A little messy, definitely overcrowded, completely overpriced, and ridiculously over-the-top. But, it was Peter’s tree and it was Steve’s tree and it was Tony’s tree that he would never, ever change.
Tony narrowed his eyes, but he softened quickly when Steve shot him a wide grin, one hand still massaging his forehead.
Tony wanted to scream out his answer, to yell and to cry and to get down on his knees. Of course he still loved his husband. Without Steve, he had nothing. He
Steve didn’t think he would be able to survive watching Tony walk away for a second time.
meant living a lie.
> i promise it did i saw it
No one was on a dating app unless they weren’t entirely happy. Though it wasn’t something Steve loved to be doing, he could admit that he needed to be on an app if he wanted a partner.
It wasn’t outside the realm of possibility for Steve to win one argument in his life.
So no. Tony wasn’t subtle in the slightest and Peter was so over it.
Tony huffed a weak laugh. “You got this. You’re a big, buff man. You can handle your liquor.”
“Thanks, Tony. Do I owe you–”
Tony’s lips quirked up the slightest bit, just in one corner. “Desperate?”
“Guilty as charged.” A few more grey hairs, though, and an eye-bag or two, but who was counting?
Tony had already put a few calls in to get some more decorations and some food delivered to the house, but the tree was the one thing he wanted to get himself.
Steve was pretty sure all parents said that. Smiling anyway, Steve settled back into his chair. “Congratulations.”
There were sections of his Mama’s recipes, the ones she’d passed down to him from her Mama and even her
The snort that Peter let out at that was almost violent and he shook his head at his dad, choosing to ignore his veiled protests for the time being, and focused instead on the rest of the team. “Whatever.”
“No, Tony,” Peter said with a tiny giggle before he fixed a serious expression on his face and wriggled out of Tony’s arms. “Listen.”
Stamping his feet in a poor attempt to get some blood to his toes, Steve scowled. “Why are you so cheerful? My balls are about to drop off and then where will we be?”
“Steve?” Nurse Rogers said, her voice light as she took the wand away from Tony’s stomach and turned back to her station.
Steve was clearly lost for words and it made Tony preen even more. When all Steve could do was nod dumbly, Tony ducked his head in a weak attempt to stave the blush off from his cheeks.
The only thing holding him back was the question of would Tony actually come back if Steve told him that he loved him too?
“Doesn’t,” Tony corrected absentmindedly, more focused on how Peter’s blue eyes looked so much brighter with his new pyjamas on. The tiny dogs in winter hats and scarves had practically screamed out to Tony as soon as he’d seen them and he was glad he’d tucked them away in Peter’s room for an overnight stay as they were perfect for a Christmas evening.
By the time the afternoon of Christmas Eve rolled round, all Steve could think about was the mulled wine he had waiting at his new apartment and the box of DVDs he’d found when he’d been packing up to move.
“Woah, sweetheart.” Steve lunged forward as Tony’s sudden movement nearly pushed him off the bed and grabbed his other arm. Tony’s breath was coming in short, sharp pants and Steve bent to try and catch his gaze. “Hey, you’re back. It’s alright, you’re safe; I’ve got you.”
abs, by the way. Just – wow. Nice job there. I’m sure there’ll be an army waiting to swipe right on you, plenty of men without babies to care for. Just thought I’d tell you how incredible the abs are. Even if nothing came from it, I’m really glad I got to see those. It more than made up for everything else.”
Steve didn’t know what to say. He knew it must have shown on his face and could feel himself flushing, panicked and embarrassed all at once. What were the odds of swiping left on someone literally sat behind him?
“Ha. Ha. Pretty sure you helped. You little hooligan.”
Peter’s eyes went wide and he scrambled for his phone, paling when he realised that he was, in fact, late. Tony couldn’t hide his amusement and snorted loudly, earning himself a dirty look from Peter and an unamused eyebrow raise from Natasha.
The message finished and the automated voice announced that there was also a second one. Steve snorted before it started, expecting to hear his mom’s voice changing the time of their meeting or possibly a butt dial of Sarah singing loudly whilst doing the dishes or sorting laundry. So when he heard a voice that he hadn’t heard for months suddenly amplified in his living room, Steve startled almost comically.
He had to for Jarvis.
Steve fanned his mouth. “I think it’s hot,” he said through the mouthful of crust. “Did you cook this with lava?”
“They?” Steve asked, frown lines becoming more prominent. “It, surely.”
“You’re already home,” Tony said lightly, concentrating on adding a few spices to his soup instead of looking back at Peter. He could feel eyes on the side of his face and fought the urge to turn with everything he had. “After we’ve eaten, I’ll show you the papers.”
Forget the calm. Tony threw his cup away, drops of tea splashing back onto his hand and adding to his bad mood, and stormed towards the door. Forget the debrief with his lawyer and forget going back into that stupid fucking room and having to look at Steve’s damn hand without a ring on it for one more minute.
Tony’s lips curved into a tiny smile and Steve matched it, feeling freer than he had for a long time.
Finally alone again, Tony wandered back into the kitchen. He made himself a cup of coffee on autopilot as he picked up his phone for the first time that morning.
There was a long quiet, nothing in the room but the two of them breathing heavily. They didn’t look away from each other.
“Yeah. Not completely sure I know what I’m doing.”
“Well, from where I’m standing, you look like you’re handling it well. If that means anything.”
He was already failing at being a parent and he was barely months in.
“Well, there’s only one way to find out. Dice it finely, please.”
“Off you go,” Sam said with an easy shrug and a soft smile. “We’ll be lucky to see a single customer now, so go home and get warm. I–”
> I’m happy for you
“Nah, I think I kind of like it. Tiny Tony growing up.”
Of course Tony knew that. He knew everything about Steve. Of course he knew how big a deal that evening’s gala was. Which is why he had decided to give Steve an edge. A little something to make him look forward to the end of the night.
“Yes,” Steve muttered, not finding anything about the situation amusing. He was desperate then and he’d been desperate ever since. Completely and hopelessly full of yearning to stay with Tony for the rest of their lives. All he’d ever wanted was Tony by his side, to have Tony married to him and sharing one home forever. He had wanted to be able to provide for Tony and to give him the best of everything.
“Good,” Steve said and Tony swallowed again, nails digging further into his palms. “Glad I didn’t miss anything important. And I’m sure someone has photos, right? Someone normally does.”
Maybe Tony really had been trying to tell him that he actually did…
No matter how many times he repeated it, it seemed as though it wasn’t quite sinking in. It didn’t seem real, didn’t feel like Tony was allowed it.
Tony’s eyebrows hit his hairline. “Could you maybe not mention a fiery wreck in front of my kid? The last thing I need are more nightmares.”
Steve shouldn’t ring back. He needed to let it go.
The worst parent ever. That's what he'd said. Peter had actually screamed at Tony that he was the worst parent
It took all of three seconds for Tony to crumple, rolling his eyes dramatically as he held out his mug. Steve took it happily, pushing himself up just enough to drink without choking.
“I – yes.” Tony really needed to learn how to be strong, but it was Christmas, he reasoned with himself. “Course you can, babe. Lift your mug, then, and ask Steve nicely.”
“On it.” Peter bit his lip. “Dad?”
Steve’s smile softened. “So he does. That means he was meant to be your friend, if he looks like you. Fits perfectly.”
“I didn’t mean it.” Peter didn’t even realise he’d spoken until the light hum of conversation above him stopped and he felt Steve’s gaze turn to him as well as Tony's still on his face.
“Steve?” Tony rubbed at his eyes and bit down on a yawn. “What are you doing here?”
Maybe it was the way he seemed to soften so much around Peter, greeting him with warm eyes and a fond smile. Anyone who looked like that at the light of Tony’s life was alright by him.
“Thank you,” Tony murmured, holding Steve’s gaze. “It does fit well, doesn’t it?”
“I can see it, kid,” Tony said, grinning up at Peter on Steve’s hip as he reached out to hang the owl just below the star right at the top. “Looks great.”
To be fair to the men that had kidnapped them, they had obviously done their homework. The grab had been smooth and none of them had seen it coming in the slightest. Steve and Tony had been knocked out almost immediately and Tony’s eyes hadn’t been uncovered again until they’d been thrown into their dark cell. There was no telling where they were or how long the journey had been, and their captors kept their faces covered with thick, black masks.
The look on Peggy’s face was almost comical. “What? Sarah, what do you mean?”
It would mean being alone.
Steve’s fingers danced up Tony’s spine. “Are you really going to wear your own dirty panties in your pocket all night?”
“Ask me when we get out.”
“I’m Tony, Nat’s best friend.”
to Tony and Steve was saying that he didn’t remember it? There was no way that that was possible. Steve had been drunk, sure, but not so bad that he wouldn’t be able to recall… what they’d done.
The blush that flooded Steve’s cheeks was dangerously cute and Tony looked away again.
“Tony. Don’t, please.”
“Cool,” Tony mouthed with lifted eyebrows. “Hip. Wack.
It never happened.
Peter frowned, his hand tightening on Tony’s. “What’s he doing in the tree?”
May laughed, tucking her legs up under her when she collapsed on the couch as well. The bells on her socks jingled with the movement and Tony shook his head fondly. “God, I don’t miss those days. Getting far too old for all that. You don’t sound too sorry about that, either.”
“Tony! Tony, come here, please!”
“Already prepared, Captain.”
“But what about the texture? The filling – do you think it needs more of a kick? I only put in a small amount of chilli flakes this time and a lot less ginger than I did before. I think I liked it better last time.”
Tony snorted again. “I could have told you that, dickhead.”
Steve needn’t have bothered dropping his voice as Tony didn’t make any sign of being disturbed by the noise. Keeping his eyes on Tony, gaze raking over every part of his thrashing body, Steve spoke again. “Can you turn the lights on at 20% and get the stats of the day ready please?”
Peter smiled back at him and bent to rest his head on Steve’s shoulder. “Come on, Tony,” he said and Steve turned to see Tony at his side. “They’re ready to get him out.”
“Are you okay, Sir? You haven’t said much.”
“Huh,” Steve said, huffing out a laugh. “Don’t even remember ordering that, but it sounds about right.”
It was a shame really; Tony had always rated their coffee as some of the best in their neighbourhood.
“Yeah.” Peter nodded quickly and repeatedly until Steve reached out and placed his hand on his head to stop his nodding-dog impersonation. “‘S so cool here! And we have a big tree now! Could get an ever bigger one next year and Steve could help us decorate it again.”
“Steve?” Tony’s voice was full of his usual impatience. “Anyone in there?”
A tiny smile crept onto Peter’s face and Steve bit down on his own grin. The kid was smart. Very smart.
“Philip,” Peter said and Steve’s face split into a grin.
By the time the credits rolled, Steve’s eyelids were drooping and his head was nodding. Though the movie reviews had made the film seem entertaining enough for Steve to have chosen it, his actual plan had been to nap for most of it. That hadn’t happened, though, as the vast majority of Steve’s attention had been taken by Tony and he’d found he couldn’t look away. Every few minutes he’d let his eyes sweep over to Tony, working away beside him with his eyes glued to his tablet.
Nothing else mattered when he had Tony in his arms. There would be more battles, Steve knew that. The fights were never-ending and they would always end up in more, would always end up with one of them in a hospital bed or with some form of injury. It was a tough life and Steve wasn’t sure how much he could cope with anymore, but Tony made it a little easier.
“You’re going to make this night hell, aren’t you?”
. Her eyes were kind and, dare Tony say, motherly as she smiled ever so gently.
Instead, he plastered on a cheeky smirk and winked over at Rhodey, who had twisted onto his side to look at him expectantly. “I’ll try not to. But you know what the French ladies are like. Stunning, beautiful,
“Well, yeah. You’ll have no argument from me on that,” Tony said softly.
“This wasn’t my idea, after all.”
Just as he finished talking, Peter shifted and his stuffed toy made a nosedive to the floor. Swooping without thought, Steve grabbed it before it could land in what Steve seriously hoped was a dried coffee stain and held it out to Tony.
It hadn’t been, actually. It had been full of rich douches that had spent the whole night trying to win Tony over with brags about their bank balances or their new products, young side pieces hanging off their arms and trying to lure Tony in with simpering gazes. He’d spent the whole night wishing that Steve would suddenly appear to whisper inappropriate jokes into his ear, his eyes flicking over to the door every few minutes in the hopes that his best friend would walk in with a drink in each hand and a twinkle in his eye.
“Of course we have to!” Tony looked into the rearview mirror to smile reassuringly at Peter. “Well get one, kid, don’t you worry.”
But he hadn’t. Because he had forgotten about Tony.
“Do you want a coffee?” Tony asked suddenly. His heart was heavy and his head was still pounding. He didn’t want to be there anymore, didn’t want to hear how Steve didn’t remember what Tony would cherish forever. He didn’t want to talk about anything, really. “My head is louder than the damn club and I need caffeine.”
Silence. Tony swallowed. “Is that bad?”
“Pot-luck,” Nurse Rogers said softly, clearly picking up on Tony’s hesitance. “You could probably work out the eye colour, though.”
Tony flinched violently and nearly knocked the damn plant to the floor.
“First time?”
“Not with you?”
Instead of answering, Peter turned to Steve. “Didja like it? There’s of loads of ‘em. Rhodey got me a whole DVD with them on!”
“Yeah, kid, that’s it.” Tony pushed himself up, hands on his creaking knees. “Need a lift up?”
“It’s okay,” Tony said quickly, but Steve shook his head.
Tony wasn’t even after a compliment like he would have been in his youth. He genuinely meant it and had told himself the same thing over and over since the first phone-call from an obviously-distraught May. How would he ever live up to the wonderful people he knew Mary and her husband had been? He didn’t think anyone could, really.
“Baby comes first,” Tony repeated softly, his gaze dropping down to where his nurse’s hand was still dragging the wand around.
“Hey! How was your show?”
Tony snorted. “You said it.”
No, no, he couldn’t have been, Steve thought desperately, frantically. Tony was drunk. It was just the drink talking.
“You wouldn’t dare.” Steve’s voice had dropped to a growl and Tony shivered.
“You should be with the ones you love on Valentine’s Day,” Steve said, his voice heartbreakingly insecure. “I was sitting there with Andrew, who was being so sweet and so kind just like he always is, and all I could think about was what you were doing. Whether or not you were heading out, if you were stuck down in the lab forgetting to eat, if you were being kissed and spoilt the way you deserve.”
> Did Steve say something to you?
The cell was clearly deep underground, or at least reinforced a ridiculous number of times with a ridiculous number of metals to make it impossible to escape. There was a single vent at the top of the wall with the door on it, only big enough to allow air into the cell and presumably the noise of Steve and Tony’s conversations to travel back out. It wasn’t beyond the realms of possibility for there to be a little something extra in the air flowing through the vent, as Tony never used to fall asleep as easily when at home in a real bed as he did in a dark and dingy cell.
Making a cheap, whining sound somewhere in the back of his throat, Steve wriggled one hand out from beneath the comforter and made a grabbing motion towards Tony’s mug.
Ana let out a wet laugh and squeezed Tony a bit tighter. “Don’t think so.”
There was a warmth beneath Tony’s lips that meant Steve must have been blushing. The thought of that alone made Tony beam and he ducked his head for just a moment, hiding his grin against Steve’s neck until he composed himself. “Maybe you’ll even be able to see me in them when we get home.”
It takes several seconds for Tony to grasp his meaning. “W... wait to come?”
Steve rolls his eyes like Tony’s being dramatic, like somehow it’s completely normal that a teenage girl named America fell through the roof of his barn and then decided to stick around for several days ‘cause she thought Steve was funny. “She’s too cool to be Loki. And if she wanted to kill me, I think she’d have done it by now because she’s certainly capable. Sometimes when she punches the air, these glowing portals shaped like stars appear, and when she hops through them I can’t find her for days.”
Tony shrugs, eyes placid and mysterious as he takes a long, suspenseful sip from his milkshake.
“Maybe,” Tony says.
“Okay,” he says, but the next time Steve reaches for a plate Tony catches him around the wrist and squeezes, channeling gratitude through the press of his fingers against Steve’s pulse.
“Fine,” Tony grumbles, rubbing at his forehead. “Yeah, okay, fine. Whatever. Just— I’m busy, most of the time. With my solitude. So seriously, don’t expect me to go jogging with you or anything.”
“You can’t laugh,” he says.
“Are you going to try and eat that bagel in one bite?” Tony shoots back, eyeing him critically. Steve’s eyes narrow and Tony can tell he’s momentarily considering swallowing the thing whole just to spite Tony. He ends up just taking massive bites, and by Tony’s count he polishes the whole thing off in five.
For a quarter of a second, Tony doesn’t get it, because whatever he can just pay Clint back in imported Belgium chocolate brownies later, but then he takes in the slight raise of Steve’s eyebrow and the cryptic attached message on the tin.
“Nothing important,” Tony shrugs, and this time he does look up from his food, with eyes so clear and so honest that Steve actually believes him. “I don’t know why I didn’t think of you before— you’re actually pretty perfect for the position.”
He takes another breath, turns around, and opens the door with slightly quivering fingers. He leaves the chain on, peeking at Steve from the space behind the doorjamb. Steve has his hands in his pockets and he’s wearing his brown leather jacket, faded and ruggedly charming as always. He’s clean-shaven, to Tony’s surprise, and his hair is styled in a neat trim. Underneath his unbuttoned flannel he’s wearing a neat white t-shirt that’s, as usual, half a size too small for him.
“Maybe brush your hair, though!” Ned chimes in from the hallway.
“Have I really?”
do they keep getting worse?
It’s a face he’s gotten intimately familiar with, in the past couple months. He realizes with startling clarity that he
The guy manning the front desk seems to be thoroughly engrossed in his crossword. He doesn’t even look up until Tony says, “evening, officer”, mouth tipping into a crooked smile as the uniformed individual in question chokes a little on his coffee. “I believe you have something of mine.”
Sam gets a summer research fellowship at Hopkins. He didn’t even tell any of them that he applied, apparently because he didn’t think he had a chance given the rest of the selection pool. When Bucky finds out, he tackles him into a hug and breaks yet another lamp, then realizes this’ll mean he has to move out for the summer, and goes on to spend the rest of the night clinging to Sam like an overeager limpet.
So he’s— clearly losing control. Of the terms of this arrangement. Which means it’s time to terminate it — not now, obviously, there's still a week left in December so he probably has enough time for one more hook-up before the New Year hits, but after that, it is
“I’m drunk.”
“Yeah, sure. I think we have one of those frozen pizzas in the freezer, still.”
“That’s not even a little bit fair, Steve, and you know it. I needed to be in Malibu, the people I could trust were in Malibu, and I thought if I could just—“
, something that sparks and puffs and doesn’t do much else. It’s his own fault, he keeps getting distracted by this sweater Steve left hanging over one of the work chairs. Every so often Tony’s gripped with the urge to reach out for it, press it to his face and breathe in the scent of Steve’s aftershave and stupid Arm and Hammer deodorant. But he
They get lost in the kissing for a little while longer, until Steve loses his shirt and half of Tony’s gets unbuttoned. It’s so nice that Tony can’t even be bothered by crick in his neck and the ache in his thighs from movement in such a cramped space.
“And a pull-up bar for Nat,” Steve agrees, sitting down on the floor next to him and propping himself up against the wall. “Maybe somewhere quiet for Bruce to sneak off, when we’re having a party.”
Peter Parker, who is currently sitting criss-cross applesauce on Tony’s kitchen counter and snacking contentedly at one of Steve’s muffins, at least has the good sense to, upon seeing Tony, organize his features into something vaguely guilty.
Steve leans over to kiss his forehead, then pulls back to fix Tony with an expression so understanding that, if there was still shrapnel in Tony’s heart, it’d probably just turn to cotton candy and melt right away. “I love you. I will always love you. And marriage doesn’t actually matter, because it won’t make that more or less meaningful.”
“You’re absolutely fretting,” Tony smiles crookedly, rubbing Steve’s bicep soothingly. Steve does his level best not to melt under the touch. “And now you’re scowling! Adorable. Come on, let’s go home.”
“Shut up,” Steve says, then wrinkles his nose a little, and Tony can practically hear his own self-disapproval at having resorted to such childish comeback. Tony prides himself on being able to bring even the most unflappable of national icons down to his level of pre-school level repartee. “Go back to sleep.”
They’re still navigating physical contact. Steve mostly lets Tony decide if he wants it or not, and there are days when Tony very adamantly doesn’t. Steve goes through spells like that, too, not that he’d ever admit it, but Tony gets within a certain distance of him, sees a slight flinch in his expression, and knows to back off.
“S’The Captain America guarantee,” Sam says with a faint smile and a wink.
There’s the sudden sound of movement, of Steve’s jeans rustling against the carpet, and Tony opens on eye in slight curiosity. He watches Steve dig a hand into the pocket of his ill-fitting jeans and fish out the crappy flip-phone that’s all he can afford, that’s the most advanced piece of technology he knows how to use. He presses a button and holds the phone to his ear, looking at Tony like he actually expects him to take this little spectacle seriously.
him go, but he’s—”
“Whatever it is you seem to be implying, Captain, you should be very aware of the fact I don’t know you half as well as I need to for us to be discussing it. Now, we’re going to go back downstairs, and if anyone asks—“
“Did you call just to lecture?”
They don’t say anything for the rest of the car ride, but Tony reaches over and tentatively takes his hand, lacing their fingers together and squeezing tight. Steve doesn’t look at him, but silently returns the pressure.
He pauses on the landing between the fifth and sixth floor and heaves a sigh.
“You can’t keep thinking I’m a sure thing, Tony,” Steve shrugs, and is ninety-nine percent certain he cannot pull off anything even remotely in the territory of sensuous, but takes a slow bite of his yogurt anyways. “Maybe I won’t feel like it on Tuesday.”
He’s never going to sleep quite the way he used to. He’s always going to get caught in spirals of anxiety when he’s least—or maybe most—expecting it. He doesn’t just get to stop massage therapy, he has to keep going and he has to let himself sob after every appointment because he knows he’ll feel like shit if he doesn’t.
“Idiot,” Tony digs his nails into the nape of Steve’s neck, mostly to offset the affection blooming at the center of his chest. “We’re too old to be doing it in the apartment entryway.”
“Morning,” his voice is low and rough with sleep, and he’s rubbing his cheek like he’s afraid he drooled. “You have a flight?”
By the time Kate and Eli show up, the fight is mostly over. They both help with containment, rounding up the last of the bots, and communicating with the local authorities. Steve and Tony drop their names and support into these conversations, but Steve places a hand on the small of his back, a way of urging him to step away, to let the kids learn how to do this. It’s a strange feeling, releasing some of the responsibility that’s been looming across his shoulders for the past decade and a half, but he realizes that he’s been doing it more and more these past few weeks.
Dr. Burford doesn’t even twitch. “If you’re comfortable, Mr. Stark.”
“Who are you right now?” Steve asks, genuinely concerned.
There is yet another breaking sound, and Steve turns around to see the fight resolved over the ruins of a lamp he thinks was probably already broken. Bucky still looks vaguely guilty, and Sam pats him consolingly on the shoulder.
“Why didn’t you tell me you’d started writing it?”
“Not even if I believed you were capable of that,” Steve shoots back, mouth tipped in a crooked smile. “I’m not letting Tony Stark into my shitty one bedroom apartment. The water currently coming out of my faucet is brown.”
"You want to spar."
Then Steve remembers several things at once, and steps back, fixing Tony with an accusatory glare and folding his arms in front of his chest so he remembers to keep his hands to himself.
“So,” Steve says, "are we having the conversation now, or did you wanna just wait out here while I eat dinner and change?”
“Third cabinet left of the sink,” Steve leans down to press a chaste kiss on Tony’s mouth, immune to morning breath because of course he was. “No more brownies, though.”
Dear Tony,
“So I’ve been told.”
They do what they can with what they have. At the center of his heart and the pit of his stomach, Tony is certain it's sustainable
“Yeah. First of all, getting this fucking clandestine tree up to your 6th floor apartment was a godforsaken nightmare. I had to bribe this little kid from the third floor not to tell the landlady and she got fifty bucks out of me. And then! All your Christmas lights are broken. So I went to the corner store next door to restock, and lo and behold half of those Christmas lights are also broken. People keep ripping me off today. —And, I think I might be allergic to mistletoe, because I put it up everywhere and I just kept sneezing? But that also might have been from the dust that’s, like, in every hard to reach place in your apartment. Seriously, baby, we need to talk about getting some professional cleaners in here, because you can’t possibly keep…”
“You color your hair?” Steve frowns. How could he have not known that?
“Divestment. Trying to get their university to use a different bank than Wells Fargo for their operating account.”
Steve picks up the only clean napkin left on the table and wipes away a little tomato sauce at the corner of Tony’s mouth. He feels buoyant. He feels like anything in the world could happen to them right now, and it wouldn’t matter as long as Tony kept smiling like that.
“Will do, ma’am.”
“That’s all I’m saying!”
“How can you make light of that?” Steve presses, though it’s admittedly a little hard to focus with Tony’s face so close, Tony’s
That prospect had seemed so daunting at first, but after a little while, Tony doesn’t even realize how much time is passing. Months go by, he and Steve fall into a routine, and, yeah, maybe that routine entails almost dying one or two times, but domestic bliss looks different for everyone. In any case, before he can even comprehend it, they’re creeping up on their one year anniversary and Steve is asking him what he wants to do with these expectant puppy dog eyes.
Tony barrels forward. “—and, like, I’m not saying change because I don’t like your clothes. Your clothes are great. Love your clothes. And you always smell good, so I guess you don’t need to shower either. But maybe you smell good because you shower so much. Yeah. That’s probably—“
“He’s hurt pretty bad. Broken arm and a head injury. Needed stitches in a couple places. They’re keeping him overnight for observation. We’ve got another friend, Thor — he says Brock and a couple other idiots keep hovering outside the hospital. They’ve tried to call the cops on him but Brock has connections inside the police department, and he’s worked private security for city council member Alexander Pierce, so no one cares. If I had been there—“
Steve glances up at his husband, who is leaned up against the entryway of the kitchen outfitted in full Iron Man armor. He taps his chest and the helmet recedes, revealing dark eyes and a sly curl tipping his mouth — features settling into an expression Steve is all too familiar with.
“Having a good time?”
When Steve and Natasha touch down on Tony Stark’s private tarmac, a car is waiting to take them to Mount Sinai.
“Because you already know what I’m going to say.”
Tony doesn’t say anything in response, just holds him for support and tries to get control of his breathing.
. Sam looked at the picture and then and steve and then back at this picture. And just to make sure he showed Steve the picture again...
“Jarvis close the door and fix the code for rogers” he thought a little
His eyes match his red lips perfectly, sometimes I wonder if I ever saw a man with such nice nature colored lips like his, you would love to kiss them I swear to you.. Sorry he is taken, but well you had the chance also you just was to late.
//please no please//
Steve take his beer down.
And sometimes even the mirror is jealousy about my look.
I was falling alone .
Sam asked serious .
“Jarvis make sure rogers… no NO one ever will have access to this room again”..
The only thing he did was started the Job at the privat school as an art teacher.
beside anything worst that could happend, this would be his personal apocalypse
His life changed so fast... One year before he was living in a house with his family even when he already should be moved out at his age of 26 he don't wanted. He had his own room and he loved to be around his family. He had a lot of friends and he had bucky. He was happy.  Steve was about to start his job as a art teacher soon, he's luck was that he was so good that he dont even needed to finish his art school for that because the director of this private school was so improved by his Talend that he offered him a job who he couldn't say no to.
And beside his perfect look, just imagine you would see this guy at the beach, you wouldn't just go there for a flirt because you would probely think a guy like that would never flirt back at you, trust me you would think that  because I can tell you,  I was there I done that too, but his character would never alowe him to be rude to whoever.
Steve rogers was a complete idiot.
But my first fight I fighted alone.
Sam looked at his best friend and he saw something he didn't see a lot of month there... A smile... A shy smile... And eyes bright...
So here you have it his character is just perfect as he's outlook, Steve would never scream at anyone without a reason or start a fight and years before he was so dumb to explain his feelings and was an idiot when it comes to his emotion BUT that's all in the past, now he make sure no one get hurts because he don't talk about his feelings, sometimes I catch him when a girl flirts with him how nice he is when he says that he is already in a relationship…
... He close his eyes... This damn letter... It was.. What? 7 month  ago and now, right now when Steve was about to give up this whole thing, Tony stark himself called him...
After he find some free seat he opened googel and typed Tony stark into it...
And I am alone on the battlefield now.
Your not even near me
Somewhere between his break up with bucky and he's moved in into his appartement Sam and bucky came together. Sam asked Steve 10000 times if it was OK and steve tells him 20000 times that he have his blessing.
When he was leaving he watched the tower in front of him..... Stark tower... Why he never even regonised it at the first place?.... He thought about what to do next and desited to take a sit in the cafe with a look at the tower.
With my lips.
He even tried to ask Tony once what he did to him but tony just said it was nothing of his business and leave him staying alone… like now…
You standing in front of me,
“ooh I know this look Stevieboy someone gets your interest... Let's see who... “
I was alone when I was back to earth for 5 years
Bucky was there for Sam when Steve couldn't be.
Was just another meaning of "alone"
So he sale his parents house and moved to a apartment I  new york. He never bought any furniture and all  His stuff was still unpacked. And he couldn't care Any less.
“damn whatever “ Steve goes through his hair with his hand and went to the gym, he needed some time for himself to feel better.
Damn it's so short I really sorry for that. It looks more on the paper XD the next one will be longer for sure :)
There you go… now we can start this thing…
He looked trough he's shoulder to Sam who smiled as he found the beer he searched for and headed back to steve
“I said NO one Jarvis “
So lets start that thing with the year 2008...to early,? Yeah your right let's switch to 2012 then. Sometimes during this book I will pop out again   but mostly I will stay in the background…. To let you focus better…
And Sam looked at Steve and grinned while he take his phone
He had depressions and he started to drink occasionally. But he never was drunk when he went to school.
... Depending on how much Tony stark would hate him....
Because you always was my
"aha....tony....and...is he a friend of her or? "
He sat down next to steve and steve just rolled his eyes....
I was never a part of it.
“what the hell you was thinking??! “
You told me
Before he could think any longer there was an alarm, which means something bad happend obviously it had because an alarm doesn't start out of nowhere.
"When you need me I always be there for you tony"
So… here we go telling the story how we fall for each other, Id will be deep sometimes, it will be sad, and Im sure you will let some tears falling down your check on some chapters… but I promise you it would all end good in the end and a tony Stark promise is the most strongest in the world… because I know to well how it feels when promises brokes….
“for what exactly stark? “ Steve wasn't impressed by the yelling man in front of him, he was standing in front of the living room in the avenger building.
He training in the gym every day therfore his body is in best form, he can carry me easily in his arms, not that I weight nothing its just because he is so strong.
“Well, then, leave me alone,” Tony said, poking his tongue out and looking back down at his hand. “You’re not having it back. It’s mine.”
please. Fuck, this hurts.”
“Yeah?”
of all places. It probably hadn’t even been created to be a Christmas decoration, but all it had needed was a piece of string threaded through its top and it was perfect for them.
mattered.
“I couldn’t not let him be here,” Steve said, voice low but firm. It was soft in the way that it always was when Steve addressed Tony, a way that never failed to make Peter warm inside. Now, though, he was cold all over. “
“Yeah. I guess I was. I hope I didn’t do anything stupid. I was not in a good place yesterday.” Steve’s smile faltered a little bit and he cleared his throat. “Thanks for bringing me home.”
“Tony, I –”
Whilst he’d been thrilled to spend more time with Steve, Tony had hardly been prepared for one guest for Christmas, never mind two.
“Oh, Christ,” Tony muttered right before Peter let out a loud sob and turned to bury his face in Tony’s felt coat. He should have known when Peter started saying
Steve had rehearsed his first words in his head for days. The rare moments of sleep that he’d managed to catch had given him dreams with ample variants of Tony’s awakening.
And wasn’t that true?
“Oh, I fucking can.” It was rare for Steve to swear at Tony. It wasn’t for any particularly romantic reason; it just wasn’t something that he did often. Until his emotions got to a stage that he couldn’t control, then he started.
Peter’s glare was about as powerful as a newborn kitten’s, but it tugged at Tony’s heart nonetheless. Giving him a smile, Tony reached for the batch of raspberry cookies he had just pulled from the oven and counted out ten.
“Come on, Tony. Please. I won’t be able to concentrate,” Steve said, voice definitely a whine. Tony thought for a moment that his game was over; there were, after all, limits to Steve allowing the power dynamic to switch. When Steve spoke again, Tony relaxed. “This is a big deal for me tonight. I’m meant to close a deal and get charity funding.”
“Right. Thank you. I am sorry though, I should have mentioned it.”
“So, how was – wait,” Tony cut off with a frown. “What grade is who in?”
“No other way,” Tony answered for him, a bite to his words. “There wasn’t, Steve. You know that, even if you don’t want to admit it.”
A loud moan woke Tony, though he had been drifting in and out of consciousness for a while. That usually happened when he’d been out drinking. He didn’t really do hangovers as such, but he found sleep was hard to come by once the sun was up. Once the afternoon came, though, Tony tended to crash. And crash hard.
“Course not,” Tony said back, voice hoarse but plastering a smile on his face all the same. His head was pounding and each movement made him want to vomit. “Would I ever do that to you? You’d never get a sensible answer.”
“Whenever I don’t go out with her, she gives my number out to the people she can’t get rid of and I answer the phone when they call and give them the dead person’s number speech.”
Tony had never said that before. There had never even been a time that Tony had gotten close to saying that to Steve. As much as Steve had dreamt about it happening, had had to physically bite his own tongue to stop the words from spilling out, Tony had never given any hints that the same thing had been happening to him. Love hadn’t been part of their arrangement.
Tony blinked. “A what?”
Natasha cut in over the comms, voice strained as she very clearly engaged in a fist fight.
Tony swallowed. “Was he… did – was he wearing his apron?”
Tony fell silent again, just taking it all in. That was his baby. His
Steve shrugged, apparently unbothered by the flaw in his logic. “It’s close enough. We haven’t been to bed yet.”
Tony cut in again
“Christ, Steve,” Tony continued, “did he sleep at all?”
Steve could have dropped to the floor, melted right into the light dusting of snow covering the ground. “Did you need something?”
Tony grimaced a little sheepishly. Though he was sure Sam was a very careful and well-trained axe-man, in his defence, Tony was a very overprotective father. He was working on it. It wasn’t going well.
Nurse Rogers turned her gaze back to the computer at her side and Tony breathed a little easier. “And they’re not here?”
Vegetable soup was easy. Most soups were easy, really. Tony could make most of them with one hand. Chopping the vegetables was sometimes a little tricky with his arm in a sling, but he could stir the vat of broth easily.
he knew that face.
“Can we go, Daddy?” Peter asked, looking over his shoulder hopefully. “Please?”
Peter giggled loudly and leant his shoulder down on Steve’s shoulder. “Film now?”
“Ha. Ha. Do you know what he wants?”
“Oh. Damn it. Really?”
At the touch, Steve pulled Tony even closer and Tony sighed in utter contentment, letting his eyes fall closed as he ignore the caffeine flowing through his body and gave into sleep once more.
Anything other than Tony walking away with no hesitation after breaking Steve’s heart into roughly four hundred pieces.
“It’s not all cuteness and sleepy reading times,” Tony said. “It’s hard and exhausting and he moans and cries like you wouldn’t believe. Stinks, too. And he’s messy. Oh, God, is he messy.”
“Excuse me?” Tony pushed one hip out and fixed Steve with an unimpressed glare. “What do you call what I’m doing now?”
Pressing his lips together, Steve looked over Tony’s shoulder before running his tongue over his teeth. It was an obvious attempt to hold back a laugh and Tony narrowed his eyes.
“Sorry,” Tony said, not feeling it in the slightest. It was clear in his tone as well and he knew Steve didn’t believe him. “But this is just the right shade of black for my pocket-square. I don’t have anything else I could find this late that fits this well.”
the man huffed a short laugh,
As he withdrew his hand sharply, Steve blew out a long breath, heart sinking. Tony hadn’t had a bad nightmare for a while, not one that took him so deep that he didn’t respond to Steve’s attempts to wake him.
They truly were something else, but the moment had passed. With a sigh, Steve locked his phone once more and shoved it into his bag, reaching instead for a book.
It was then that Steve lost it. At the sound of hearing his name in Tony’s voice for the first time in months, he crumbled forward as though his strings had been cut.
“So,” Tony started, biting the bullet and reaching out. He finally looked over at Steve, knowing in his heart exactly what he wanted. “Are you going to tell those lawyers to fuck off because you’re coming home, or should I?”
“Yes, I love you, you damned idiot.” Tony sniffed, eyes focused on the stupid mark on the wall. “I didn’t want you to go. Never.”
“Really?”
Steve coughed to clear his throat and tried to move the conversation away in a vain attempt to calm his burning cheeks and rapidly-beating heart. “Why were you even in my sock drawer?”
Tony laughed loudly at May’s teasing tone. “You’re most welcome, Ma’am. Would say it was my pleasure, but, well…”
“Like me and May and Tony?” Peter mumbled, rubbing at his eyes. Tony grabbed his hand before he could get a stray piece of wool in his eye from his mittens and wiped away his tears with his own leather gloves.
Maybe he could even coax Steve out in three.
With one arm on the mattress to support his weight, Steve reached a hand out to the far side of the bed. When his fingers made contact with Tony’s back, the man gave an almost violent flinch, his body jumping even further away from Steve.
A deep sigh sounded in Tony’s ear, the following laugh as throaty as it was relieved.
“Well, lovely, I can confirm for you that you are indeed pregnant. Congratulations.”
The first one didn’t want to light, but once it did it settled Steve’s nerves with the first drag. The second one stopped his hands from shaking. The third one was lit and smoked with muscle memory alone, calming the pounding behind his eyes, and Steve stopped giving himself a reason by the fourth. It was only when he reached out and his fingers closed around nothing that he realised the brand new packet was empty.
“I mean it,” Steve said, tone harsh and hands curled into fists at his sides. “You’re a complete asshole.”
“I know.” Simple. The words were causal, carefree. It was as if Steve actually meant them. “I wanted to.”
Tony bit back a curse. “For sure,” he said. “I’ve taken the tests, but I knew. Even without coming here.” He looked down at his lap, picking at the skin around his nails. “You just know, you know?”
Tony nodded, head swimming a little. He knew all of the basics, of course, but the pack in his hands was thicker than he ever thought possible. Rules had never exactly been his forte. It seemed as though there were going to be some pretty big changes in his future; more than he’d ever imagined. And a check list or two, as well.
Tony blinked up at him, lips cracked and cheeks pale.
There was a string of spluttered expletives before Tony’s face suddenly appeared on the main screen in front on Peter.
“Never shut up about him,” Peggy said softly. “Every time I saw him it was ‘Tony this’ or ‘Tony that’. He doesn’t know?”
“There’s not really anything to get,” Tony said with a shrug, locking his tablet and setting it on his knee. “And you don’t have to whisper. Once he starts watching, there’s not much that can distract him, really.”
“Jesus stark,banner asked me if I could bring him some papers for the new project and they was inside your lap beside you know… you work on this project… and if you dont want that anyone goes inside, maybe then you should change the code for the door”
I was alone In sokovia.
You would like him as your boyfriend I would bet for it.. He is this American imagine that you have when you talk about sunnyboys.
And with this stark leave a confused Steve rogers in the living room.
Steve graped his beer.
He remembered it very well, Sam came over to his house and they watched a movie, like they did very often the last weeks it was some kind of tradition that Sam came over to Steve's place every Friday and stayed for the whole weekend.
my deep brown  Bambi eyes staring sometimes though the window… it's  half open so the cold wind can blows through my hair, it's august but the weather change like my feelings sometimes…. And it's actually night… I like to type during the night more then by day, cuz everything is more quite and something peaceful lays in the nights…
He loved his student be he made sure there was still this teacher student distant. No friendsships or mentor words. No need to know them more then he must.
Front door is closed sir and sir I have to inform you rogers opend the looker with the secret information  by accident
" ok sorry I dont know every billionaire at this planet Jesus "...
“Did… he? Did he see it?”
And steve was thankful for that because it make his life a little bit better.
Great… and now imagine a voice deep from smoking and whisky take to you….
And that was it......
The lap was under fire, it was like hell everything burns and steve called for Tony, jellet his name like a code.
Steve wasn't sure what was wrong with Tony, he was more exhausted the last days and more stressful, first Steve thought it's because of this new project he worked at, something about a new method to fix the time.. Things rogers doesn't understand anyway, but it was hard to work with stark the last days… Much harder then usual.
“this guy.... I mean tasha send you this picture and I mean I'm just curious about ... You know him? "
Do you still have the imaging of me, sitting in front of my computer, a mug with coffee next to me the light is just that much on that I can see my fingers how they fly through the keyboard…
And there was Sam. Sam was like a bubblegum under his shoe. He was always there. And steve couldn't cut him off. And he don't even wanted kind of. Because Sam lost everything also he just dealed with it better then Steve...
OK let's go back to the past then, I take you through a journey you will not forget that easily ….
. Sam called from the kitchen where he was tried to find some beer.
But look at me now
But he couldn't swip away Tony's face. He so of course many beautiful people in his life   but this face was... There was so much behind this face... He knew it.. And damn he wanted to draw Tony... And to know all about him.......
This stark man makes him just uncomfortable everytime he was near to him…he just couldn't figure this man out.
So I type this  here because my beloved one, also know as captain America, and go by the name Steve rogers told me he want a personal gift from me for Christmas… well Christmas is not there already here, but it's just a cup of month before we are there and so i better do this thing before it's to late and I get in hurry.
No sir I could tell him just in time that the paper he was searching for, lays in another one
Actually I wanted to write him a letter because he is into this old kind of stuff, but I desited something better… I will write a book..of our love story and I will publish it on Christmas.
, “go out of my head tony”
"seems my boyfriend foregt me"
“you know damn well what I mean rogers! Listen carefully I just tell it you once ok..stay away from my workplace when I'm not there!!!!! “
My eyes are staring at the desk…. Right of me there's a picture from Steve and me holding each other hands, it's one of the most loved pictures I have because it was taking as a accident and it shows the deep love we have for each other.
His eyes would be in a competition with the ocean and for sure he would win. Sometimes there are stormy with waves and sometimes they just full with love, like when two waves cross each other and then for a cup of seconds after they cross, there's nothing but this deep piecful silent..that are Steves eyes for me..
Steve just don't wanted some talk about the breakup and maybe when the time comes he would go and make it understand to his ex lover why he break up with him but until then he don't wanted to see him.
Steve is more… careful when it comes to stuff like that..
"We will do this together"
But when I needed you, you wasn't there.
Sam would never think bad about steve to read his messages because Steve did since always. First it was a joke but then it was some kind of manner that everytime when Sam leaves his phone near Steve and something plopped up as a message Steve would read it.
You told me it will always a be you and me.
On the battlefield where I fighted my last fight alone
//ok STOP right now!!! You will not have a first sight crush with someone you not even meet damn// ..
Sam take the phone down and looked at steve
Tears in your eyes.
“hey if this is bucky tell him I call him Later ok“
Sam know Steve for more than a decade now there parents was best friends and Sam and him became best buddy's and after the death... Of both parents they cared even more for each other then before.
As for me I am how i am, you flirt with me? Be sure when I'm taken you would be invisible for me and when you come and talk with me? Probebly I would go with…. “thanks for the compliment but I'm taken try it somewhere else sweety” and I would be out.
