Tiredly sighing the Omega stepped closer to the offending mess around his home, set on cleaning this as soon as possible. But right before reaching the spilled beverage on the table a sudden spiking pain traveled up his right foot, ripping a surprised squeak from the man’s mouth.
“AHHh YOU FUCKING SHITHEAD!! I’LL GET YOU FOR THIS IN THE NEXT ROUND!!”, Peter yelled with a raised fist. “JUST WATCH ME BITCH! I. WILL. SMITE. YOU!”
His teacher, in fact, flushed at the honest word of the man and offered him a sweet smile in return. “In that case I’m honored we have you with us today, Captain. If you need anything please don’t hesitate to come to me.”
“Thank you Happy, you’re the best!”, Peter cheered to which Steve gave him a thumbs up, nothing could stand in the way of the boy’s plans now.
“Oh well, I totally forgot I had something planned!”, Steve said nervously and quickly got up, lifting Tony along and setting him down on the chair again. The look he got at the action was a total contrast to the loving stare from a few moments ago.
A sudden knock sounded through his room. making the pup pull his warm blanket over his face in frustration. “Pete, get up or else you’ll be late for school!”, the voice of his mother called as the man opened the door to his son’s room.
Which was why when he made his way down to the lab on this Thursday afternoon he was excited and nervous at the same time, worrying what the Omega’s reaction would be. But he was overly positive Tony would appreciate the gift, if anything he’d be surprised as well.
Whatever the kid’s ulterior motive was, the Alpha decided to follow his suggestion and to trust the pup with the information, already planning a new gift inside his head.
“It’s fine Steve”, Tony interrupted the starting apology in a flash, not wanting the Alpha to be caught in such a moment. “I like listening to your old man stories even if it’s hard to believe”, he offered with honest eyes, a grin prominent on his face. The fresh, sweet scent of serenity underlined the Omega’s feelings and simultaneously eased the Alpha’s mind.
Steve, too old, for the situation at hand let his mouth hang open in shock. Okay what? The child must be sick, yeah, there couldn’t be any other explanation. At least in Steve’s books.
Harley’s eyes widened at the sudden question and he quickly regained control of his whirling thoughts while rubbing his hand against his dark blond covered head. “You look fine, I guess?”
It took Tony a moment but then he erupted into light laughter. “You could have just said you wanted to do the 69-position.”
“Thank you Shuri, I will go then, go back to Wakanda, I don’t want you to be in trouble,” said Peter getting off the aircraft
“They defend someone who wasn’t here when your friend insults him. They did nothing wrong” simply said T’Challa “ But Thor please next time, use your words rather than your fists”
Vision heard everything from where he was and decided to take the matter into his hands. Tony was his creator and if someone could save him easily it was him. He was done staying passive. He had unlocked his memories of JARVIS and wanted to help. So without making any noises, he fazed through the wall and began his flight toward Latveria.
T’Challa silently asked her to stand down, which she immediately did. Shuri was running in the corridor with a huge smile on her face, she finally did it. She arrived in front of the room and opened it
Bucky was talking with Vision about everything, he was sorry for what happens and leaving Tony behind. Vision reassured him about everything and that Tony will probably not hold anything against him because that wasn’t him that was HYDRA, he was just a weapon.
“Hi! Spider-Man, i’m here to take you with me” suddenly said Thor grabbing Peter and flying toward the group
Stephen had a big smile, chatting with Edward was really interesting and entertaining.  He had a lot of stories about the universe. So Stephen was listening to him eagerly, that was really amazing.
“I almost died because of him but Tony saved me” smiled Peter but he frowned.almost instantly “ So this guy was in prison for 8 years and decided that the best way to celebrate is freedom was to attack Tony again”
“It’s fine Okoye, Doom is always a pain in the ass” answered Rhodey smiling at her before turning a burning stare to the intruder “Be quiet Tony need to rest”
“So when are you going to wake up, I want a genius pal. Shuri is awesome but she is too young for my jokes. And Groot and I want to thank you” said Rocket patting Tony’s leg gently
The Doctor had exactly the same look when himself talked about his love one. He hoped that Stark was feeling the same, they will look good together.
“I will because he is really strong, he just need to rest and to heal” smiled Strange patting Peter’s back.
“Oh right” laughed Tony, waving his hand so Wanda could talk again “ As for you little witch if you try that again, i will strip you out of your magic with the most painful way, you could imagine.”
“I’m looking for the true culprit of the bombing who killed my family because I’m getting to understand that Stark wasn’t responsible and since you are his best friend, I think you can help me Mr.Rhodes,” said Wanda biting her lip worried about a negative answer
Steve watched the exchange from afar, he was thinking, he was really happy for Tony to be back, far away from the mad titan, but inside a part of his mind, he was really pissed that he wasn’t the one who saved him or even carried him in his arms to the medic bay. He failed both of his important steps but now he was ready, he wanted to be the first that Tony saw when he will wake up. Stephen was watching the soldier with a concern look. He couldn’t read inside the minds like the witch but the facial expression of the soldier doesn’t look sincere.
Rhodey woke up and walked toward the bathroom. After a little time, he walked back inside his room and his gaze fall on the walking device that Tony made for him. He widened his eyes before running out of the room toward the common kitchen. He opened the door.
Tony smiled at her before grabbing her and he flew them together in the sky. His human part, as well as himself, were so glad to see Carol again.
Tony arrived inside his gold jail, taking the place of his clone quickly. He decided to sit on the chair next to the table, waiting for Thanos to come in. He was also wondering about this call. That was kind of weird, Thanos had never disrupted him during a healing sleep.
“Well Rodey forbid you from entering and I can’t do a thing about that.” answered Stephen “ So please excuse me I need to bring this inside”
“No, Doom is crazy but hurting Tony never” replied Rhodey “ His obsession doesn’t allow him to do that”
Carol looked once more at Tony, asking for answer once more. Tony sighed and moved his head toward the door, asking her to follow him. They excused themself from the room and get out, walking toward a huge balcony.
Okoye was furious, they were stupid and this Clint was a problem because of his hatred for Stark, the witch as well. She looked at T’Challa, his king was thinking and that wasn’t good for them.
“So how can you explain the empty cell, you will suffer for this, take him in the torture chamber.” Thanos yelled to the others chitauri.
Doom smiled at that, making smiled Tony’s children was very rewarding. He sat in front of them, waiting patiently for his new guest. He watched the kid and the android talking happily. Doom was happy to see that some people cared for his beloved Tony. Suddenly the door from the room opened brusquely and a man with a powerful aura stepped in.
Steve was walking back and forth in front of the door. Everyone had gone, into their rooms or training but Steve wanted to stay here, he wanted to see Tony as soon as he woke up. He was totally restless. And he was really pissed off, Who was Rhodey to forbid the access to the Hospital. Stephen was on his way to the medical room once again but stopped when he saw Steve walking like a lion in a cage. That guy was persistent, and he really didn’t want to fight, the hot chocolate for Peter will be cold, and Stephen will not face the puppy eyes again. He sighed before stepping into the light
“Go take care of him. I love you my beloved” replied Magneto, his husband answered back before leaving his mind.
“Her name is Morgana La Fay, she is a witch from earth in the middle age.” smiled Loki dreamly” We will be Queen and King of Sakaar and we will be worshiped”
“Please keep your mouth shut” said Tony bored and with a wave of his hand seal her mouth and trap her against the wall
“How long have you been created that suit because you couldn’t have done it overnight,” asked Peter smirking
“Well, he likes to make people wait,” smirked Pepper looking at her best friend “But please don’t worry too much, he will wake up”
Peter smiled at the sky seeing the plane leave. He adjusted his backpack and stepped inside the forest. Shuri made sure that he was very close to the Latvria border, which will bring him the easiest way to complete his mission. He reached the end of the forest and saw a heavily guarded bridge. “It’s not going to be easy” sighed Peter too himself. Suddenly he remembered that he had a costume made to be invisible. He hit his head lightly feeling stupid. He triggered the invisibility before walking toward the bridge trying to be even more careful.  He quickly crossed it and found a way too go faster to the castle. He walked toward one of the truck. He stuck himself under it, he was ready to save Tony all by himself.
Carol watched Tony, leaving Earth and she was really worried. Thanos was really mad and he could do anything to hurt Tony. He knew his weakness and he could use it. She headed back inside.
“Well you discussed a lot of that donut ship and it’s an amazing man” laughed Stephen with sparkling eyes”
Thor was laying on the grass with Bruce Groot and Rocket. They were thinking about the avengers and the civil war, well not for Rocket and Groot who were just chilling with their pirate angel. Hulk was becoming restless, he wanted to avenge his Tony but Bruce was calming him down, talking about a fight later after the rescue. Thor in the other hand, was thinking about  that footage of Siberia. How the two super soldiers let Tony die in his armor. And of course he was wondering why his anthony was on the defense mode during all the fight, because his precious man of iron was certainly able to beat them both.
Thanos was back with a bag from the earth shop. His little one would be pleased. The chitauri were looking at him weirdly, yes he never did this for anyone but, his gem deserved everything, the control will be more easy.
Shuri made the plane land in a field and sat next to Peter who was getting ready in a very stealth suit made by herself. She was very proud of her work, the suit was perfect on Peter. As for Peter, he was really apprehensive of that mission, one mistake and a major diplomatic incident could happen.
“Very nice sweet rabbit” answered Thor, yes the rabbit gave him a new eye and that was working even if that was from a different color.
“My sister is the best at what she do, please rest assure, everything is going to be fine” smiled T’Challa nicely
“Doom always loved Tony’s brain and I'm pretty sure that he is in love with him” laughed Charles. “ I have to go my love, Logan is restless and i need to calm him down”
“Your Highness, we had an unauthorized take-off, two minutes ago,” said one of the guards coming inside
Steve was walking all around the one if the numerous room like a lion in a cage. There wasn’t any news about Tony and two guards were guarding the door now. He was highly furious and he couldn’t do anything about it.  Natasha was looking at him from the couch, wondering why she had followed such a person, Steve was instable, his love for Tony was very toxic. How could you beat someone you love down?. That was just insane. Clint was sitting next to Natasha. He was pissed off, he couldn’t say anything about Tony anymore and that was just purely stupid like this guy destroyed the avengers and was a coward. However, everyone loved him because he sacrificed himself for some people and now he was in a coma. Wanda was looking through the window, she was really missing Vision and she began to understand why did he ask for a break. She wasn’t the nicest person with him and hated Tony who was pretty much his father. She was also beginning to understand that Tony wasn’t responsible for her parent’s death and she was having a lot of regrets right now.
“ Well i don’t want to talk with you, like i said  i will never forgive you and yeah i don't want to know you”
“This is the bedroom area of Doom’s Castle, your room is here,” said Doom showing a door “ Tony will be move next to your room when he will be able to leave the tank”
Peter ran at the end of the roof and jumped using his web to go away. Steve sighed, well that wasn’t easy. But he needed to talk with the kid more, needed to be forgiven by everyone but the kid had to be the first. He sighed and leave the roof.
Carol watched the exchange curiously and watched Tony, asking for some answers and he answered her with a quiet later. She nodded but was still really confused
Carol looked at Rhodey, with her eyes full of worries. Rhodey could tell why. Tony was in a miserable state, bleeding from everywhere, barely breathing. Rhodey could tell that was a miracle that he was still alive. He turned immediately toward T'Challa who was already sending a message. Everyone who were around, came a bit closer. Peter fall on the ground, overwhelmed by the emotions of seeing Tony again and of his current state. Stephen was next to him quickly, comforting him. He was trying to keep a strong face for the kid but was really worry for Tony. Steve ran paste them, running toward Tony, he was going to ask Carol to let him carry Tony. But someone beat him to it
“This is a lie, Thor was holding Clint by the throat” said Natasha furious” You are a bunch of liars”
They walked back inside the room. Carol took his place next to Rhodey and Tony next to Strange and Peter. T’Challa was still talking to Natasha and Steve, clearly furious. Okoye was next to the king, her weapon ready. Wanda looked furious and Clint was looking at the floor, not ready to face anyone.
Tony leave the jail with a huge smile.Now his friend will be so happy, he totally deserved it. The chitauri looked at him weirdly, they never saw someone happy it seems. He stopped when he smelled a great fury within the ship. Look like Thanos discovered everything.
“Of course you can do it but one condition you are the only one that will be able to stay here and no one will enter Latveria except you.” explained Doom “ Now follow Doom, he will show you your room”
“Yes I will, I will redeem myself,” said Wanda standing up “ Please tell me when Tony is awake and I will ask him to forgive me”
Gamora was sitting against the wall in the training room. She was watching Okoye practicing against a bot with her spire. She had a smile on her face, Okoye had become a really good friend. And she was really strong.
Stephen was looking at Peter and Shuri who were watching some memes, in the huge computer. He was smiling sweetly at the scene. Peter rapidly, became friend with Shuri, they had the same interest about a lot of things and they were genius.
Peter Quill was visiting the wakanda with Gamora. At first he was not happy about being on earth but after a moment he just kindled the beauty of this place. Gamora was just happy that his boyfriend was getting better every days. They will be able to defeat Thanos together. Peter was feeling better now because after his wake up , he wasn’t able to walk. But Gamora was with him every time and that was the most important
Doom raised an eyebrow at that, of course, he heard about the mad titan who wasn’t entirely wrong and Doom himself wanted to join him but now that he hurt Tony that was a totally different thing. Those pathetic heroes weren’t able to protect the only good thing in their team. And now they were trying to heal him with stupid things. Stephen was ready to fight, that Doom wasn’t trustworthy and he looked at Tony like he was a precious gem. Thor was more and more furious, that guy was a serious problem right now. Rhodey was highly annoyed seeing Doom again. The rest of the room was really confused about what was going on.
“We can take it slow, you can set the pace. Just let us try it, don’t claim it as impossible before we even tried it. I’ve liked you for so long now and I’d be the happiest man if I could prove it to you.”
In that moment Steve was breathless as he stared at the Omega. So beautiful. So beautiful and all his. His to take and call his own.
Peter blinked at his mother once again before answering him with a quiet whine. He reached out his arms for more comfort and Tony happily complied, embracing his pup in a warm hug.
Suddenly an all familiar scent announced the arrival of a person who stepped out of the kitchen, coming into Tony’s view. And wasn’t his life just ironic.
Taking in the familiar scent of all three of them Harley slowly but steadily was able to catch himself, the sight of his younger brother and mother hugging settled his possessive instincts and gave him a moment to halt his spinning thoughts.
Tony couldn’t stop the voices that escaped him, too caught up in the pure bliss he was feeling, the Alpha playing his body like a fine instrument.
“Finally gotten what you wanted all along, Omega?”, Steve asked as he slowly began to move his hips. “Presenting yourself like the slutty little Omega you are, I just can’t get enough of you.”
The Alpha in fact, took in the image of a sleepy Tony Stark in front of him, his favourite look of the genius if he had to choose. The ruffled hair, dishevelled clothes and sleepy big eyes staring up at the blond. A perfect Omega right in front of him. Steve was close to purring. Though he caught himself before letting loose such a private and intimate sound, not today he kept reminding himself. Not with their family in the other room, being able to listen to every word.
Tony smiled at the hyper presence of the small Omega. “We’re going to talk about this later, understood?”, he asked Harley quickly as Peter walked up to them.
“Not many people know, probably only a handful at best, which I intended from the start. So you’re probably aware that I got pregnant with Harley when I was only twenty, still in college working on my second phd and trying to wrangle the remains of Stark Industries after my parents passed two year earlier. It wasn’t planned obviously, not the right timing at all and besides that I wasn’t even in a proper relationship during that time”, Tony explained slowly with a grimace, ot daring to cast one look at the other man.
Tony understood that and maybe was even kind of glad he got some time off. Time away from a certain someone especially. He was weak like that and tempted whenever he was around that person, which wasn’t good, at all, since he would never return his feelings.
The Omega only glared at the man while scrambling to find a tissue lying around. “I’m fucking allergic to tulips, Steven!”
“It’s fine. Thank you, Alpha”, Tony commented and pat the Alphas chest like a praise before walking towards the elevator located in the garage, leaving a trail of sweet omegan scent behind him.
“First of all, it’s Alpha. Second, you’re going to come on my cock and my cock alone tonight. Are we clear, Omega?”
The Alpha was blinded by pleasure himself, slowly grinding his knot against the milking hole and riding out his long orgasm, his cock steadily filling the Omega beneath him.
Steve was like the biggest trigger for the Omega, a walking wet dream, which teased Tony’s Omega brain to no end. He was feeling warmer just sitting in arms length of the Alpha.
“Harley”, Tony warned from beside him, not wanting another fight to happen so soon after the other one.
He heard Steve talk briefly and then he was already pulled forward again, arriving at a small table close to the back of the restaurant shortly after. Then the Alpha released another satisfied rumble and loosened his grip around the genius to pull out the chair on one side of the table.
Though the voice of the young Omega pup cut through the tension thankfully. “Uncle Clint, have you ever seen this really old movie with the guy in the goth diving suit and the inaccurate physical laws in space?”
Without another thought Tony crouched down in front of the young Omega. “Pete, how are you feeling?”, he asked carefully, reaching out with his right hand and setting it on the boy’s knee in a comforting gesture. Purrs escaped the mother in hopes of calming the young pup.
Tony wonders if his life actually turns out to be going suspiciously well, at least if you asked Natasha.
So not long after the young Alpha started his displace of anger and annoyance the blond answered with his own loud, rumbling growl, scent flooding the hallway with dominant Alpha pheromones.
“Back off Dad! I’m a big and scary spider!”, the kid replied and flashed his teeth, which, yeah looked more adorable than it had any reason to, if you asked Tony. “I’m the superhero eating spider!”, the boy continued with a laugh, eyes blown wide.
Tony looked at the sudden mood shift suspiciously as he hugged and scented his son. Whatever it was the Omega was glad his pup was awake and out of bed, he could always contemplate the reason behind it later. “I’m going to see if your brother’s awake, go get dressed and eat something before you meet Happy downstairs,” the man offered with a smile.
Now, he really was speechless. The symbolism behind the gift was enormous, simply said. An Alpha who bought his Omega a collar, a band to wrap around the Omega’s neck to cover their scent glands or/and mating bite, was serious about their courting. It was like a promise.
The taller male only clicked his tongue in concentration, now rubbing the slick emitting hole, the hole his cock will be breeding in a few moments. Damn, he couldn’t wait any longer.
She’s always been like that. Worried. Skillfully disguising her emotions as always, though Tony has known her for years now, years in which she finally loosened up around her teammates. That way he was aware when she was seriously worried, like right now for example.
No Alpha dared keep his mother from their pups for so long. And now even had the audacity to disturb their family dinner time! Harley couldn’t do anything but see red as he let out another snarl, stepping forward at the same time.
“Kids, you know laughing at jokes not made by me isn’t allowed in this house,” he started with a small smirk ebbed on his face, the other members of his family halting their own conversations and looking at the three of them with small smiles.
“Don’t-don’t mention it”, Tony quickly interrupted as he felt blood rushing to his cheeks. Fuck no, Tony didn’t want to talk about the heat they spend together. Not now, not ever, if he had any control over it. Though, of course would the handsome Alpha want to talk.
“I sense greatness in you and i respect that” said Thanos staying mysterious” Eat now, you must be really hungry”
“Sorry but I’m tired of seeing Tony being hurt” answered Erik sighing “ I just want to hide him from the world”
“What’s going on here? Thor let Clint go now” said Steve with his captain America voice and siding with Natasha and Sam
“I will, the stone is very safe with me, but right now i would like to know more about you” smiled Stephen widely” Let’s eat together tonight”
All the assemble was quiet in front of the stranger. He was so powerful that everyone decided to stand down. Fighting him was useless. With a gentle smile Tony landed graciously. Well they will listen to him now, and they will not try to restrain him ever again. T’Challa decided to sit back on his throne and invited Edward to do the same in front of them.
Doom smiled at him before looking at Tony, yes he would protect him from threats. Thanos was one of them but an inside threat lurking in Wakanda, making people think it was a friend. Everyone was caught in its lies but Doom managed to save Tony from it before it killed him. And now Doom was going to destroy it.
Stephen was sitting next to T’challa on  the private living room of the king. They were chatting about everything. The two men became close really fast when the King passed the cold look of the doctor.
“Well the important thing here is that you learn from your mistakes,” said Rhodey with a sad smile “ You will be able to apologize to him when he will wake up.”
Tony was looking at the figure sleeping in his bed, well that was so easy to create a clone. Now he will be able to go on earth looking for the owner of the two infinity stones. Seen if they were worth it. He needed to see the two different side of course, so with a smirk, he disappear direction earth. He arrived inside a forest and he immediately used his power to become invisible. Well seemed perfect the two owners were in the same place, that will be easy. He stopped when he saw two very muscular men talking and laughing, the blond guy was oddly familiar. Earth had some awesome looking men, well he was right to come here. He passed them with a smirk, too bad that he was invisible. He flew toward the giant palace, the two stones were inside. So let’s see if they were worthy of having the stones. If they were, he will think about helping them. The closest one was the mind stone. So he just passed through a wall and stared at the owner. Well he looked very familiar, something in his guts, was telling him he was the creator of the android. Well his past human life was surely interesting. He scanned the android and found him grieving for the lost of his creator and in the same time a fire was burning for saving him. Well he was surely worthy of this stone. Ok then one worthy, the next one then. He flew inside the palace again and looked for the time stone. She was not really far from the mind stone. He passed a door and found a magician talking with the cutest boy ever.
They all walked back toward the palace, chatting about a lot of things. Rhodey was watching this with mistrust, that was a really bad sign. Clint wasn’t really objective, he was still full of hatred to anyone who wasn’t in his team during Civil War. Rhodey watched one last time before heading toward Thor and the others for warning them about that.
Wanda entered inside the room and she sat on the couch. Rhodey was making tea for both of them. When he finished, he sat in front of her and both of the cup on the table.
Stephen was sitting in the couch in a living room. He was thinking about Tony who needed a rescue soon. And that Edward had a similar aura than Tony, and usually that was extremely rare. Stephen needed to know him more, the guy seemed awfully interessant.
Niðavellir was finally in front of them, but everything was so dark, the star was frozen as the rings. Something was seriously wrong here. The ship landed not far from the forge and Thor asked to be very careful here. They walked inside the place with some comments from Rocket. Suddenly they saw the mold for Thanos gauntlet and a dwarf just threw them out of the way.
Gamora was sitting on the floor, drinking some water, the training session was awesome. Okoye was next to her, drinking water as well. They had a good dynamic, Okoye was smart and strong so that was just perfect.
“I know that i’m really pretty but you should train Gamora instead of fixing me” smirked Okoye killing another bot
Thor was restless, walking back and forth. He was really worry for his Anthony, he knew that the doctor were doing the best. Bruce watched the god of Thunder. He could understand the state of Thor. The Hulk was really worried as well and was restless asking to see Tony. Natasha was watching the door, she couldn’t help but be worry for Tony and after everything that happened, she really wanted to settle everything with him. Clint was at the back watching the floor. Bucky was here too in the back, he was worried for Tony too and wanted to apologize for everything. Sam had a hand on his shoulder, comforting him.
“Doom believed that Tony will wake up tomorrow or the day after,” answered Doom walking to his bar, pouring himself a glass of whiskey.
Tony followed the titan, in a part of the ship that Tony had never explored before. He looked around him really curious. This part was really different from the rest of the ship. That was more cozy. Yes that was a weird term to use but that was true. The corridor had a huge carpet and the door didn’t look like a spaceship door, but more like a manor.
“The king is still furious as you can see and well, it’s not going to end well for them” whispered Strange back
Tony was in his room, looking at the mirror, his hair was on point and his look too, Loki would be proud of him, he chose a high quality disguise. The dinner is going to be so interesting, but for now he wanted to visit the palace. He leave his room and walked through  the corridor. He walked during ten minutes before hearing some fighting noises. He opened the door and saw a racoon a tree and the god of thunder fighting some bots. Well that was really interesting so he stayed and listened their conversation during the fight
“We have a major situation, Tony had been kidnapped by Victor Von Doom” answered Peter” And we can’t attack his country because it’s protected by a bullshit decreet. So I need your help”
“Yes my dear, kill everyone one last of them but the god of thunder is mine” smiled Thanos sadistically
And with a smile, he laid next to Sam with his head on his chest. Sam, with a soft laugh, put one of his arms on Bucky’s waist and his other arm was gently caressing his hair. Bucky made a happy noise, enjoying this moment with the man he loved. Sam asked him to go out with him after the arrival in Wakanda and Bucky agreed immediately but their relationship was a pure secret, they went to keep it for themself for the time being. And Bucky wasn’t really sure about Steve’s reaction.
“Let them come, Doom is ready to do anything to protect his Anthony” smirked Doom “ You can stay if you want, every child of Tony is welcome here”
“Yes that was a pretty amazing” laughed Tony” And you then, how did you became the Sorcerer Supreme”
“Clever guy. You always asked the right question” smirked Tony “But to answer you, i’m willing to help because Thanos isn’t right, killing half of the universe not a good idea”
Steve was walking in the forest near the royal palace, he tried to ask for forgiveness but no one was there, so he just decided to clear the mind and to walk around. The forest was always the best place for thinking. He missed Tony, their small talk their childish fights, his beautiful face and that awsome booty. Yes he missed everything about Tony. Tony was his everything and he truly regretted everything. He sat near a tree thinking about a better future.
“Young Master Peter, why are you in the kitchen?” asked a guy next to the oven with a strong french accent
“Well, I have that amazing concept since I met you, my dear friend, so you don’t have to worry” smiled Shuri
“Well i found a nice planet to live named Sakaar and i will probably go through time and pick my love one”
Everyone looked at the door. T’Challa was watching them with an unreadable expression and Okoye was just furious.
“No, our ship is not good for that,” said Rocket entering inside the training” He needs improvement”
“If i can’t use the stones yet, i can still use this.” said Thanos throwing something on the floor “ My specialist found a interesting note about a cage made for the soul stone, so you will be here in your little cage until i found the others stones”
Rhodey smiled before being got by a group hug from everyone present in the room. Rhodey smiled even more, thanking anyone who had been behind this miracle.
“He is not here anymore, Thanos took him, his name is Tony and i will save him” said Stephen with a fire look
Well it was time for Tony to protect the worthy one, the true power of the soul is coming and that will not be pretty for his enemies.
Stephen followed the conversation between Miss Potts and Peter. They looked close to each other and he didn’t that the CEO of Stark Industry was in a relationship with Peter’s aunt. He smiled sweetly at that, and in the back of his mind he was really happy that Tony and Miss Potts weren’t together. That was a real good news for him. Thor wasn’t paying attention to the conversations around him, he was asking help from the All-Father, asking to give strength to his dear Anthony and make him wake up. He couldn’t bear to lose someone close to him again. Thanos will pay and he will revenge his brother and his Anthony even if it would cost his  his own life.
Tony smirked at Thanos, letting him not that it was ok, and just flew away. His secret was definitely really safe and that was really good.
Doom stepped inside his castle with his precious burden. He dismissed every servant who was trying to take Tony from him. He passed a corridor quickly and entered in a huge living room. In the centre of it was a huge healing tank who was touching the floor and the ceiling. He gently placed Tony inside of it and he used his powers to place differents tubes around him and a breathing one in his mouth, then he fills it with a healing liquid. “Those fools almost killed you by their stupid medicine, but rest assured, that I will protect you and I will heal you. Your brain is too precious and I’m not ready to lose you yet my love.” Doom put his forehead against the tank before leaving the room, he needed a shower after all of that.  In his way to his bedroom, he told one of his servants to not enter inside the living room and warned the others as well. He took his shower, feeling exhausted all of sudden. He was supposed to be powerful and above human emotions but seeing a hurt Tony was making him feels. This was terrible but in the other way, very interesting to know that one person was able to make him feel.  He leaves his bathroom before laying down on his bed thinking.
“ About that, i would like to take a break from our relationship, my main focus right now is rescuing Tony and that it. I need to think about other things as well” said Vision leaving the room “ I’m sorry Wanda”
“My lord, for winning the approvement of the soul stone you must show him that you are serious about this quest.”  said the advisor
T’challa nodded quietly before leaving the room. Strange and Gamora followed him toward the meeting room where were all the others heroes minus the Peters. Quill was still unconscious but he was getting better and Parker was talking to his aunt through the phone. Wanda was talking with Vision. Steve was arguing about something with Drax, Rhodey was laughing at them. Okoye was talking with Natasha about fighting style. Mantis was listening to Bruce explaining her a lot of things about the human way.
Tony raised an eyebrow, well his plan worked really well. Framing an inferior living being was so easy. And well the chitauri didn’t deserve to live, he was an executioner so not a bad loss. He smirked and just disappear though the ship. He had a brilliant idea, and with a smile he began his plan.
And after that comment, all hell broke loose. And a huge explosion took place inside the room. Wanda had unleash her powers on the team in front of her, clearly wanting to hurt them. But suddenly a huge orange dome took place around Thor and the others protecting them and had aspired all the red magic.
Stephen sighed at the answer because he was sure that Peter and Shuri were on their way to Latveria. He really hoped that Peter and Shuri knew what were they doing. May looked at the guard surprised, Shuri was the name of the princess here and a very close friend to Peter. So it wasn’t to complicate to connect everything and May knew that her nephew was again on a mission to save Tony. She sighed at that, her kid was too reckless when Tony was involved
Tony smiled at Okoye and she leave him in his room. The humans were funny, the wizard was very sexy, but the god of Thunder as well and the other blond guy too. Well he is going to have so much fun here. Peter was still cute as ever and the princess too. He walked toward the bathroom. He took his clothes off and stepped inside the shower. Tony was thinking about tonight dinner with the awesome wizard.
“Well Thanos saw the resting soul stone in my human-self and made an ultimatum. I couldn’t say no it’s seems.” explained Tony with a sigh
The Omega chuckled at the reply. Nat, of course. She always meddled with other people’s lives, especially Tony’s at that, though he couldn’t really complain and rather mentally thanked her for keeping his nose snot free.
A smile appeared on the Alpha’s lips at the thought of his family, the Avengers, Tony. How could he ever trade such a precious life?
The older beta’s eyes snapped towards them both and widened in surprise at the sight of the man out of time sitting among her students like the most common thing in the world. Talk about some morning.
“You should probably go get some rest, you look exhausted”, Tony added while looking at the ground embarrassed, not daring to catch the look on Steve’s face.
But, honestly, Tony was blaming himself the most, to no one’s surprise really. After all he was the champion of self blame and insecurity.
“So I “googled””, the blond gestured with air quotes. “And stumbled upon the information that the restaurant from over seventy years ago still existed, only on the outskirts of New York.”
A hand on his upper thigh brought him back to the scene. Steve was gazing down at him lustfully his cock thickly being strained in the man’s tight pants.
The Omega was loudly moaning, sucking on the blonds neck in desperation, the heat having reached its peak and showing clearly due to his behaviour. The wet, sloppy kisses and the grinding against the Alpha’s stomach only spurred on the desire that grew in Tony. The desire for his hole to be filled. Being fucked roughly. Getting bred with another pup.
A few hours later he was in the elevator on his way to Steve’s floor, since the Alpha had a ‘surprise’ prepared for him. Truthfully he was damn curious, shifting on his feet and rubbing his hands he still couldn’t believe he was actively being courted. Him, being courted. Yeah, it plainly sounded like a joke.
Steve was groaning into Tony’s neck desperately, chasing his release and waiting for his knot to finally pop. A successful breeding being the only thing on his mind anymore. Pups.
When Mr. Johnson arrived in the classroom Peter was already preparing his digital presentation and going over the slides one last time, all while Steve awkwardly sat on a chair next to him with a curious look trained on the many pictures of historic events hanging on the walls.
A leather bracelet, Tony’s mind delivered in awe. Beautiful, was the only way the Omega was able to describe the piece of art. The careful braided threads made a stunning pattern, highlighting the deep, warm brown in the process.
Even with all the muscles, the all over Alpha seriousness and the concentrated look in his eyes the man still managed to threw Tony off with a whole new facade of him.
Tony’s eyes grew wide at the clearly mocking words, apprehending his own answer form just a few minutes ago. Cancel adorable Steve Rogers, that Alpha was evil, using Tony’s own words against him, the slick bastard. Though if nothing else the Omega was pretty amused at the challenging Alpha and turned around in the man’s arm to get a good look at the mischievous face.
Now, however, after taking a much needed shower Tony was rushing to the elevator, only one thing on his mind.
Ohh and sorry if I haven't answered a few comments from the previous chapter.. I'm always touched and thrilled when someone takes the time to leave a few words here :) but again I have a lot on my plate at the moment and totally forgot..
“Nooo.”, the child whined, shooting web after web at the furniture in the room, making the room look more white than ever.
Normally Tony would have smugly grinned at the sight of a sheepish looking Captain America, a big difference to his usual ‘I-have-everything-under-control’ aura. If anything Steve was normally the one giving disappointed scoldings because of the team and more often than not because of Tony and how he managed to raise two pups but still can’t take care of himself.
Steve stepped in right away, taking the boy out of his lover’s arms and hoisting him into his arms. “No school today.”, he stated.
Steve smiled content, never getting tired of the bickering between his teammates, well, and Tony never disappointed in that department.
Steve growled loudly. Taking the Omega’s wrists into his right hand and slamming his arms against the door, above Tony’s head, he snarled in his face.
“For god’s sake Pete, the two of you spend the last three days eating junk food, that means no pie under any circumstances”, Tony answered. “I don’t want you two getting diabetes, so put that thing away.”
The kid, in fact, was crouching on the ceiling, hair hanging downward, while he kept his arms close to his body, producing more webs around him, covering that side of the room in a mirroring mess to the one Steve and Tony were currently standing in.
Steve even asked if they should proceed in such a pace, even was as considerate to stop Tony’s actions in the heat of the moment. Which, according to the sad truth and Tony’s past experience, not every Alpha would do.
And then silence as they sat in front of each other, none being able to seek eye contact in the first minutes. Only saved by a waitress who gave them their menus with a kind smile and took their orders for drinks before vanishing again.
Tony had to bite his tongue to not let a whimper out at the statement. “Just for clarification, my pups can’t see me like this, in fact no one can see me like this. That way I will only wear the collar around you when we’re alone. Understood, Captain?”
It was a group project for his history class. Partners got assigned and Peter got stuck with a guy he not only didn’t know well, but was also known for doing jack shit when it came to group projects.
Steve was also coming up again, slowly lifting his now scent drunken face of the Omega’s neck and blinking at the crowd around him with an awkward smile. Embarrassing as it was the Alpha couldn’t let go of the man in his arms just yet and stayed like that, embracing Tony in the middle of the kitchen under the watchful eyes of his teammates and the pups of said Omega.
And yeah sorry for the late update but I'm currently in a bad mental state and working on it hopefully..
In hindsight he probably shouldn’t have been left alone in the kitchen, otherwise he would have never gotten the idea. Though, roughly five minutes later he was brewing coffee eagerly.
It really was something else when you got to see some of those in person and didn’t even know about a fraction due to being frozen in ice.
It was so fucking coupley, Tony wanted to scream. Though, out of joy or panic he wasn’t totally sure. However he was sure that he loved the feel of Steve’s warm and soft lips against his own.
Rogers simply rubbed him the wrong way, only ever making him want to challenge, challenge the older Alpha and show him who’s superior. Sure the pup was painfully aware he would never be able to win against a super soldier Alpha and merely trying should ring his inner alarm bells like crazy, should make him want to retreat with his tail between his legs and hide behind his mother.
Though the Omega was slowly getting impatient, the heat on his skin getting even worse and his cock and hole begging for release. He needed to be fucked now.
“Now continue breakfast like you promised. It’s nearly noon and none of us have eaten anything yet, which comes close to a tragedy.”
Was Tony dreaming this whole scene, were Steve and him so in sync they shared the same dream? Yeah, no, not possible. Clearly it was just his superpowered kid acting up. Just the usual at the Avengers tower, really.
The other man rubbed his head awkwardly and tried to say something to back up his intention but was spared by the Omega.
Steve smiled awkwardly at the pissed expression of his Omega. “I’m just gonna go, I promised Bucky we’d train together after lunch.”
Those fucking manners, he though in awe. The Omega sat down on the comfortable chair and thanked the man quickly, still feeling his heated cheeks.
After an uneventful car ride, with Steve driving himself, an unusual sight if you asked Tony since the Alpha preferred using his motorcycle, they arrived at a small, charming looking restaurant on the outskirts of New York.
The man furrowed his brows in question. “What do you mean kid?”, he asked tiredly, another sigh leaving his body.
Tony briefly looked around the small place and shook his head as an answer. “Not that I know of, no”.
Steve was just so caring, something Tony wasn’t used to regarding his love interests. Not like there were lots the last years but still, the Omega got wind of countless stories about the forceful nature of Alphas, the reason they couldn’t just stop in the mids of getting it on with an Omega. Instincts the infamous excuse of any Alpha.
Stephen was looking at Peter and Shuri with a smile. They were around Vision, asking me a bunch of questions. Peter was really curious about what happens and Shuri was checking if everything was all right.
May entered the living room when she was done with her phone call with Peter. Her nephew explained her everything and she was less angry than before. She understood Peter and his love for Tony Stark. He was like a new father figure for Peter, always protecting him and never taking the place of Richard or Ben. She liked the man too and considered him as her family since she started dating Pepper. When she sat next to Pepper, everyone was staring at her, demanding answers
“I will not, Tony destroyed my life killed my parents and created the murderous robot named Ultron.” said Wanda furious
“Victor Von Doom, king of Latvria villain and with a weird obsession of Tony” presented Rhodey looking furious
“Calm down Logan, we need to stay focus,” said Charles” And find a way to help Tony without causing a massive diplomatic incident”
Shuri was working on Tony with the doctor. The injuries seemed to be easy to heal, but some of them were so profond, Tony was in very deep coma, and his heartbeat was weak. They were trying their best to stabilize him. After a long time, they managed to stabilize him but he was still under respirator. She passed the emergency toward everyone who was waiting for Tony
“Right now, Tony need the people who did not betray him or hurt him” concluded Rhodey letting the people he mentioned inside the room
“Let him try” simply said Tony snapping his fingers and Loki was gone” Farewell my friend, and can’t wait to see you again.”
“I too love” answered Charles “ I really want to protect him but you know Tony, he will never ask because  he doesn’t want to be a burden”
“Tony is fine Logan, I spoke with Erik and he is going to be fine, please calm down” replied Charles walking toward him
“I agree, that will just add more trouble,” nodded T’Challa “ The medic room should stay close and be heavily guarded so no one could sneak in.”
Well it's been a long time. Covid + blank page syndrome were my downfall I guess. I never gave up on this story but couldn't write a thing. I will try my best for now on to be regular with my updates. Thank for the kudos and comments even if I didn't update.
“Mr.Barton, I will ask you to refrain yourself from talking badly about Tony Stark” finally said T’Challa “Or I will drag you out of Wakanda myself. Same for you Miss Maximoff, refrain yourself for using your power”
“Oh Petey” said Pepper immediately taking Peter in his embrace, petting his hair “ She is coming of course but needed to finish something with the association”
Tony sighed in relief, his friend was alive. With a little smile he sat straight on the bed. Thanos was looking at his gem and saw a soft orange color inside his eyes. The Mad Titan had already noticed that when his little one was looking at his loved ones, the color orange was showing. A true treasure indeed.
Rocket was a bit far from the scene thinking, this orange dome who had protect them, was really looking like the one who protect them again Thanos. That was really strange and Thor had said that Edward was a bit like Tony Stark. Well he had to be sure before making any assumptions.
That was really not good, thought Tony immediately. The Titan must have something on his mind. He wanted to go inside his head just to see his thoughts but the mad titan would have know it. So he just followed, really worried.  They stopped in front of a room and Thanos just smiled at him before asking Tony to enter. Tony, still tense, entered inside a room. Which was really weird. They were a huge bed on the mild and some of comfy couches. That was a really cozy bedroom.
Peter nodded at the condition before giving one last regard to Tony and followed Doom inside the castle. He came to the conclusion that his best chance, to stay with Tony, was to listen to Doom and stayed inside this castle to protect him. They walked for a very short time before entering a corridor.
Stephen raised an eyebrow, the witch was really stupid, she could have harmed everyone in the room if Edward didn’t contain the explosion. Clint was even more stupid, insulting Tony in front of all his friends. If he was here during the words, Clint would be in the dark dimension begging for his miserable life.
“We are in the temple, be nice Groot or they will kick us out” smirked Rocket coming toward the bed, making people in the room laughed.
“Your specialist is stupid, i can’t do this, i’m a fucking male for god’s sake” replied Tony still furious
“Go, with this gone, my power will come again and i will heal. So please don’t worry about me” smiled Tony closing his eyes
Vision was looking at the window thinking, when Wanda came inside his room. She had a big smile on his face.
Peter laughed madly at that, she was so easy to tease. That was so funny. Shuri looked at him with a smile and ran toward him. Peter with a scream,  ran and escaped the room with Shuri who was chasing him. Stephen laughed at them, kid would be kid no matter what. With Thanos and everything, they had some innocent moments, that was really important. Vision was looking at the door, with a fond smile. Peter was really precious and Shuri was amazing. He couldn’t wait to have Tony back here, for him to enjoy those moments.
“I know this is very new to you and I probably should have talked about the possible effects this might have on you, I’m sorry”, the genius admitted with soft eyes.
An update, yayyy! Sorry guys but at the moment I have a lot of exams coming up all while I'm planning to switch universities and my major.
Tony grimaced at the sight. God, did his kid reminded him of himself in that moment and, truthfully, he couldn’t say he was proud. Not when his kid looked like a ghost.
All Alpha dominant behaviour beside, this wasn’t how a family acted with one another, not in the tower and not under Tony’s supervision.
Steve only hoped his first date after being awoken from the ice wasn't going to be a total disaster.
“Well his anger was justified, i killed his ma, and he learned it from a video. I will have react the same away” replied Bucky “ And if he was really trying to kill me, he would have.”
Shuri was watching Peter cautiously. The young boy was really  shaken by the arrival of the stranger, she didn’t know why. So she took him inside his lab and they were actually playing videos games.
Carol was still flying around the galaxy, looking for Thanos’s ship. She had picked the heat signature of the mad Titan and she was more than ready to save his best friend. She stopped when she finally saw it, the ship of the dark order. She dived under it hiding from Thanos and his minions.
“Thank you daughter, it please me but right now i need to see my gem so we will discuss later” simply said Thanos passing her
Steve couldn’t finish his sentence because a huge noise was heard in front of the palace. They all ran outside, they were quickly joined by everyone else. They were met by Carol and someone in her arms.
Thanos walked again, well his daughter was faithful not like his two other treacherous daughters Nebula and Gamora. They will regret this of course after the awakening of his treasure
“Well your thoughts are so powerful right now that I can detect them from Wakanda,” replied Charles teasing him slightly.
Carol watched the exchange with a smirk. She knew that Tony rarely blush so that was really funny for her. Well of course, everything will be fine, when Edward will become Tony again. He will be able to date the wizard, if he wanted to of course. Tony deserved to be happy. Suddenly Tony raised his head, hearing something and quickly flying outside. Carol followed him quickly.
“You can but not anyone” replied Shuri” Peter,Rhodey, Carol, Stephen, Thor, Bruce are clear to see him but for the rest, you will have to wait”
“You sure seem to need an awful lot of help with courting, Alpha”, Tony playfully challenged and accepted the flowers, their pleasant light smell tickling his nose warmly.
Tony presented his neck once again and whimpered in shame, his inner Omega being triggered due to Steve’s commanding Alpha voice. A shiver ran down his spine as he blinked open his brown eyes in a haze, catching the Alpha’s firm blue eyes.
“Never would have imagined Captain America, ‘Mr. let's play by the rules’, would be so willing to ditch school.”, Tony snickered from beside him playfully. Even Bucky let out a small laugh, which Tony, of course, soaked up right away.
“He didn’t care I already had a pup, even liked Harley a lot and when we started dating became a proper Alpha figure for Harley to look up to, something I never could be. Though, when time went on his expectations of me changed. He demanded me to stay home, kept insisting Pepper was better at handling Stark Industries by herself and that I should be true to my Omega nature”, the bitter taste in Tony’s mouth now returned and his scent spiked with silent rage.
Though anyway I hope you enjoy the new chapter, it turned out quite long...like my chapters usually do but well <3
Yet both Tony’s and Steve’s parenting senses rang off alarmed at the boys words, as they loudly began complaining at the risks and simple stupidity of the kid’s actions. Combining such a huge amount of caffeine and sugar with Peter’s powers, just screamed disaster, the smart boy really should have thought this through.
“Anyway, I have 20 minutes to get you to school and I’m not planning to let you miss another class, kid.”
“I’m sorry too, Tony. My uh- instinct driven behaviour was undoubtedly out of line”, Steve quickly added and scratched his head nervously.
The tall Alpha blushed at the words with a nervous laugh, but presented the bouquet to Tony once again regardless. “Well, Nat helped me out this time”.
Slamming his head boldly against the Alpha's head hurt like a bitch. Nothing like the movies always portrayed. But, it had its wishful effect, even though Tony probably had a red mark himself now.
“Uhh- are you- is everything- uhh alright?”, Steve timidly asked from beside the couch, looking at the pup with wide eyes.
A moment later the  young boy, or rather the troublemaker from the night prior, Peter, came into the room a stack of papers in his arms and a smile on his face. “Hey gu-oh wow did you throw a party yesterday?”, he asked curiously, cocking his head to the side cutely.
“Nothing could be more enjoyable than two Alphas challenging each other in a thrilling fight!”, Thor declared, not at all oblivious to the other blond’s stirring growls directed at him. Turning towards the Alpha he let out a growl himself, now clearly worked up and looking forward to the challenge.
And then, then he suddenly gripped the ass in front of his face tightly, burying his tongue against the wet rim once again as he saw white flash in front of his eyes. Dick spurting out hot wet seed and Alpha snarling at the holy sensation of Tony milking his dick dry, taking his cum all in, an obvious claim on the Omega.
Slowly the genius stretched out his trembling right hand and carefully traced his fingertips along the elegant satin bag, keeping his eyes traced onto the bundle the whole time, not trusting himself to look into the Alpha’s eyes.
Tony smiled at the thoughtful AI and gripped Steve’s hand firmly, pulling him along out of the elevator. “Thanks J! Way to think ahead.”
“Tony, the living room. The team will be back soon. We gotta clean it up and you have to call Peter’s school again, since I don’t think he’ll be able to attend once again. Not after yesterday.”, the blond tiredly mumbled, stroking Tony’s back lovingly.
The soldier, having questions written all over his face, raised one eyebrow. “Honey, do tell me how you got into that mess.”
The Avengers, or rather the awake ones, Tony, Steve, Natasha and Bucky looked on in horror as the zombie like teen filled his mug to the brim.
And shamefully it was working on Tony, making him emit a purr in appreciation, a blush quickly covered his cheeks as he reached for the Alpha’s hand once again to be pulled up. No one ever, in his whole goddamn life, went out of his way like this for Tony.
Steve’s eyes dilated when he tasted the Omega’s blood on his own tongue. God, a mating bite would allows him to taste even more of the Omega.
Tony watched the other man in a daze, not daring to say anything under the intense stare of his. The Omega felt so unbelievable naked in front of Steve, yet he was still dressed. For once he didn’t have any witty comments left for Captain America.
Steve raised an eyebrow at the unanswered question and watch the silently panicking Omega perplexed. Did he say something wrong? He scented the air questionably and noticed a shift from Tony’s side of the table. Weird.
Tony instinctively held the boy closer and rubbed his nose against the pups scent glands, taking in his scent. “Alphas riling each other up. That’s what happened.”
The Omega grumbled a bit but accepted in the end, not wanting to cause a scene and letting the Alpha act on his providing instincts.
However, mornings were his sworn enemies, just like his mother once again. If it weren’t for Jarvis Peter sure would have missed school too many times to count now.
Soon the Alpha was an arms length away from the still trembling Omega, scent tickling his nostrils playfully and hands reaching out to present the gift once again. “Omega, please”, Steve growled, close to begging already.
Not really having a real plan Tony advanced with a bared neck and sweet, comforting scent, as not to rile the two men up even further. Playing the innocent, breakable Omega Tony under any circumstances wasn’t.
Time passed and Steve must have answered a dozen questions regarding the Avengers, the war, his time in the 21st century and surprisingly the topic of mating. To which the Alpha could only blush slightly, obviously thinking about Tony.
Though when he opened the door to the car the sight that greeted him brought back the excitement from the morning.
“Mr. Rogers, sir. If you had the chance to go back in time, to the day you got frozen in the ice and live your life normally in the past, would you do it?”
“Peter! Pup, I'm sorry it took me so long. Are you alright?”, the blond asked worriedly as he moved closer to the teen who was still sat on the ground with little whimpers escaping his lips here and there.
Great, more to think about and everything was keeping him from completing his work. Pepper was sure going to kill him this time.
A few low mumbles escaped the pup’s mouth and Tony’s ears strained to pick up a few words. The hatred in the pup’s voice chilled Tony to the core, only making him purr more, wishing the child would finally calm down.
“Tony”, the rough Alpha voice sounded over his shoulder. “You’re so perfect, Tony. Such a good Omega.” The kisses on his neck that followed the statement made Tony blush and just how dare the horny Alpha play the praise cart now.
“Clint don’t you think it’s a bit unhygenic to be sitting on the counter with your shoes while eating?”, Rhodey asked with a raised eyebrow.
To his amusement, Sam, who stood in the back of the group, was casually giving him thumbs up while nodding with a smirk etched on his face. The person next to him, Bucky, was glaring at the guy fed up, yet held up a thumb himself towards Steve. He chuckled inwardly, his friends, he swore, were irreplaceable.
Hell just thinking about their eating habits when the Omega wasn’t available during his heat send warning signals to his brain. Without him both boys would probably end up dying from scurvy at one point.
A small whimper suddenly reminded Tony that he not only had an Alpha son but he also had an Omega son, who was with them when the whole thing started.
So it was no surprise that a few, or maybe quite a lot, compliments slipped out here and there. Words as ‘pretty’, ‘sweet’ and ‘breathtaking’ joined the Alpha’s sentences easily and gladly didn’t throw Tony off but even got him to blush faintly a few times.
Tony’s head was swooning and, to his embarrassment, he was already getting hard again, dick straining against his cum soaked pants and slick seeping out of his wet hole. The Omega had rarely felt sluttier.
With that the room quieted down, all eyes now trained on the Alpha and Omega beside the kitchen counter. Tony breathed out a sigh of relief at the felling of the relaxing Alpha in his arms and the hot breath on his skin, scent slowly losing the feral tint.
Harley groaned in annoyance but muttered a quick ‘fine’ and disappeared into the kitchen, leaving the two adults behind.
Bruce was standing next to the coffee machine, which reminded Tony of another craving he’d been ignoring all morning. Wearing just sweatpants and a T-shirt the Beta was tiredly sipping his drink, the Hulk mug noticeable across the room with its bright green colours, seemingly exhausted from the teams previous activity.
A sudden scent reached the still laughing Omega’s nose, a scent that was imprinted into his very core. One of his pups! And judging by the faint vanilla and earthy traces it was no other than Harley, his Alpha pup.
The next morning Tony awoke drowsy, lying on a harder mattress than he was used to and feeling a warm pressure behind him pressed up to his backside. The presence of a heavy arm weighted down his side, caging the Omega’s body in, the firm grip on his waist making the genius frown lightly out of surprise.
Tony, now being able to see the situation was in, furrowed his brows in surprise. “Yeah I’m over here, stuck in...Peter’s webs?”
Mentally scolding himself for his inappropriate thoughts the Omega quickly stepped out of the elevator with a huff and finally came to a stop right in front of the tall Alpha. “Yeah sorry, looks like Jarvis failed to inform me I’ve already arrived..,” he mumbled awkwardly.
“You don’t have to try it Tony! I just thought I’d offer, you know how Alphas like to provide”, he tried to explain, hoping to receive some sort of smile, an assurance that everything was alright, though, what he got in return quickly shocked him.
The Alphas stopped laughing at the outburst from the Omega and promptly growled in anger at the nerve the boy had to be talking back.
Tony, sitting next to Harley and, to his amusement, Steve since Peter wanted to spend some time with his favourite assassin aunt Natasha and cuddled up to her side on one of the smaller couches. Leaving the older Omega beside the blond, which, yeah, was going to be interesting and, probably, pretty awkward.
Something had to be up. Tony must have come to the same conclusion already and was probably running test after test up in the tower.
His pups, Harley and Peter are, as usually, up to no good making Tony realize how little time he has spend lately with them all while the bunch is trying to manage a chaotic breakfast with the other team members.
Steve growled lightly at the comment, his inner Alpha not taking lightly to the boldness of the Omega’s comment, for it usually being a threat to his abilities as an Alpha. Still, with Tony it was different he forced to remind himself. The challenge was a part of the brunette, the snarky attitude what made Tony the way he was.
Facing the hero beside him with a cocked eyebrow, he looked at the blond. "What’s your plan of attack, Cap?".
Peter smiled gratefully at the Alpha, thankful for him having put up with them. Now, though, they had to ace the project, so the boy took hold of Steve’s sleeve again, a move he’d been doing all day to ensure the man wouldn’t get lost, and made his way down the hall towards his history class.
Harley especially cowered under the furious gaze of his mother. Shoulders sinking and eyes searching for the ground, the young pup looked nothing like the scent dripping provoking Alpha he was just a few seconds ago. A pup knew when it messed up in front of its mother and judging by Harley’s scent he was begging for forgiveness now.
The still growling Alpha stopped as soon as the loud high pitched moan left the heat struck Omega in front of him.
Steve, who stopped his reasoning when he felt the tugging at his shirt, quirked one eyebrow up at his lover’s request. “Honey, between us two you’re the one with a flying suit.”
On the way down the previous exhilarating scent caught his nose again. He inhaled a second time and to his surprise just the mere smell made his thick cock in his pants twitch. What the hell was that? The scent was thickening the closer he got to Tony’s lab and Steve was shamefully turned on, yet still worry clouding his mind. He had to find Tony.
“WRONG! If anything it was Ned’s idea!”, the Omega screeched in defense, throwing his hands up widely and facing his mother with the most innocent eyes he could manage to put on. Damn, those puppy eyes. Though, Tony didn’t let them faze him anymore after twelve year. Well, perhaps only a little.
The smile that greeted Tony when he looked up took, truthfully, his breath away. The blond Alpha didn’t look disgusted or like he wanted to end this date at this point. Even though Tony hoped the Alpha would realize this was a mistake, he was also kinda glad the man was smiling at him now.
How dare they insult his sweet and loving mom just like that. They didn’t know him, they didn’t know about his family, the knew jack shit. Yes, he was an Omega but if anything that his mother taught him was that he under any circumstances wasn’t useless or any of those stupid prejudices.
He hoped Nat wouldn’t skin him alive for his stupidity. Though at this point he wasn’t sure he’d mind.
“It’s 5pm, you nearly slept through the whole day.”, Steve said while stirring the pasta on the stove.
Not knowing how to answer Steve did the next best thing that came to his mind to get rid of the problem. With a noticeable sound he placed the pretty box, the courting gift was wrapped in, on the table. “It’s for you,” he spilled and nervously watched Tony’s reaction.
A soft whine interrupted his purring, the small figure in his arms steadily waking up and turning around lazily in the older Omega’s arms, nudging Tony and Harley in the process.
So he took a deep breath on the day the assignment was announced, clenched his fists, and walked up to the boy. Matt, his name turned out to be, smiled up at him, probably comforted by the fact that someone as responsible as Peter was his partner.
Steve’s eyes dilated at the hot sight in front of him. Tony getting himself off and smelling like the tastiest treat in history, a perfect Omega in heat.
Still Tony couldn’t blame them, he loved them after all. Though, he wasn’t sure they still knew how much he loved them. Thinking back the man wasn’t even certain when it was the last time they cuddled up in their nest.
Maybe it was because Tony was simply taken back by the sheer beauty of the courting gift -a fucking courting gift- Steve presented him with those exceptionally looking blue eyes, blue eyes that always managed to hypnotize the genius like no one else ever could.
Peter groaned but slowly sat up regardless, not wanting to get lectured about responsibility like last time he didn’t see the point of getting out of bed.
The Alpha pup nodded eagerly at his mother’s words, already turning sideways, facing the other Alpha. “I’m very sorry for challenging you, Alpha”, he forced out and was about to walk to the entrance of the kitchen when his mother’s voice stopped him.
Okay, and wrong sentence, because a few seconds after Steve stopped speaking the kid’s eyes widened and he started crawling all over the ceiling. “Nooo I can’t! I’m a spider and spiders don’t use the floor, Mr. America.”
“Of course not. What would I do without my sidekick?”, Rhodey answered with a laugh and made his way over to the cupboard containing the mugs.
Steve looked at Tony in question but stood as he only received a confused shrug as an answer. “Sure, kid.”
New, strong hands, pulled at the webs as Tony came face to face with his lover. His saviour, he thought amused.
The boy, was still sitting on the ground of the hallway, knees pulled to his chest and arms circling his legs, hands grasping his pants while looking around the room in a daze. A few whimpers still escaped his lips, though his scent was less frightened now and spiked more with confusion than anything else. His big brown eyes blinked at his mother and Tony felt another pang in his chest at the sight.
“Twelve years ago, after Peter was born”, Tony breathed out, staring at the cold food in front of him, memories from his past swimming in his head, clouding his scent in sorrow. It never meant to get to this point, the point of him having to tell Steve about his past relationships and especially how his pups came to be.
“I- I don’t know, Steve”, the Omega muttered unsure. Now this, this wasn’t working out at all how Tony planned it.
“Turns out I was worried without a real reason. You handle this perfectly, considering you’re, well, still you.” She swiftly bend down to the same eye level and planted a short, but meaningful, kiss on Tony’s cheek. “I’m really proud of you, Tony.”
“Oh, Mr. Roger, sir! Could I have a word with you in private for a second there?” Mr. Johnson asked eagerly as he rushed over to the two.
Tony couldn’t believe what just happened. This was the third time he had sex with the Alpha in less than two weeks.
“Steve”, Tony forced out desperately. “If it’s because of us spending my heat together than that’s quite normal for Alphas, the feeling of possessiveness and such.”
Looking at it from afar the bracelet looked rough, something strong and unbreakable due to the dark leather. However if you looked closely you could spot the carefully braided streaks, creating a beautiful pattern and reflecting a delicateness, something precious and wonderful looking.
Both pups grinned at the words and felt pride wash over them at the praise. They knew that, of course, being Tony Stark's kids and everything. But hearing it from their mother always made them swoon from happiness, getting recognized by their parent naturally felt pretty great. “We’re your kids mom! Genetically it’s impossible for us to have ended up dense”, Harley explained with a laugh.
Steve watched the scene unfold, both friends playfully breaking out into a banter with Cint adding a sarcastic comment here and there.
Having placed the gift on a small plate in the kitchen, the Alpha was waiting for Tony to retrieve his usual afternoon coffee before disappearing into the lab once again until dinner time.
“No problem, that was my pleasure” smiled Tony brightly “ Your Highness, this is Carol Danvers, she is here for helping us of the defeat of the mad titan Thanos.”
Not far from the commotion, Peter and Groot were running toward the room, they heard about the arrival of Clint and that was worrying them. They finally reached the door and opened the door. Well that was worth that they imagined. Thor was holding Clint by the throat and the rest of the room were ready to fight.
Stephen smirked lightly at that, well the stranger was really interesting. With him around, everything will be more funny and well the chance of saving Tony were higher. He stood up and walked toward the stranger. He stopped right in front of him.
Gamora was sitting on a bench in the garden behind the palace with Peter Quill. They were enjoying some peace. Peter was not really glad to be back on earth but, he was far from Missouri so that wasn’t totally bad. Gamora was just happy to be with Peter again, yes she was happy since he woke up. But she still had his mind the future battle against Thanos. The battle was approaching and she will not fail
“A spider in Doom’s Castle how interesting,” said a voice behind him “ Your stealth is remarkable for not being detected by Doom’s sensor.”
Stephen passed the angry soldier before entering the emergency room. He gave the chocolate to Peter before sitting next to him. No one had left the room yet as they said to Shuri except of course, for the food and others indispensable need. Bruce was sleeping on the couch. Thor was still sitting next to the bed but he had one of Tony’s hand in his hand. Rhodey was currently chatting with Carol. Pepper was on the phone talking to May, who was landing soon in Wakanda. Peter was drinking his chocolate milk with a happy sigh, the milk was definitely the best here.
Charles raised an eyebrow at that, and he sincerely hoped that his husband would not get too angry at that. But of course, luck wasn’t on his side and he felt his husband tensing beside him. He took his hand and squeezed it, trying to calm the rage that was building inside his love. He sensed another wave of rage behind him and sighed, this was really bad.
That was the first thing he felt when he woke up that Sunday morning, as the first streaks of sunlight bathed the bedroom in a soft eerie light.
The silence that followed Steve’s short story left the table in a small bubble of content, with both of the men wearing a soft smile. A total different to the situation at the beginning. Steve just might have cracked the ice with that.
Steve sighed deeply beside Tony, already sensing this was gonna be a long night. “Peter.”, he cut through the boy’s rambling with a firm voice. “Please get down from the ceiling and tell us what’s wrong.”
