Michael came forward and seized the award. Everyone quietened down, recognising something important was now going to take place. Dean stepped forward and switched his mike on. That was around his neck. Gabriel had whizzed it up with his mojo.
Dean felt much better when he got back. Adam kept out of everybody’s way, and they heard he was under massive restriction and on his best behaviour.
Chuck shifted in his chair, clasping his hands together like in prayer. The God sighed and spoke in a whisper.“Fate’s manipulative string was how it unravelled. I would never harm you deliberately. If I held your hand, pushed you into a path you did not want, or a path that seemed easier, this would all have been for nothing.”
Dean pulled away, walking towards a free-standing mirror. His wings sat in a submissive pose. The feathers stood out in a shower of light, silver, pinks and purples. The column’s started splaying out from the tiny feathers at the base of Deans wings to the massive plumage. The backdrop of the feathers behind the stars was a light Caribbean blue and moving up the spectrum to a deep dark navy it was almost black. Dean had the solar system on his wings.
“Ok honey, we have to rush through, or we will be late to meet with the commander.” Mertha smiles affectionately at the boy.
Dean sat up, feeling dirty, needing a shower. If that was a heat, he never wanted to have another one. Upon hearing the girls elsewhere in the house talking, he got up. Feeling slightly woozy, holding on to the furniture to gather his baring’s.
A portal opened in the cavern wall, nearest to him. Dean yelped in surprise and stepped back into the dark spots. Dean grasped the forgotten chain around his neck and pulled it out, just needing something to hold. Mertha, his friend, had given that to him a tangible reminder that his friends were with him. The portal was his size; it reached from the bottom to the top of the cave; the width was one and a half of him, he would say. It was like looking into the carp pool back at the agency. The picture rippled like the waves of the pond when a fish darted up to feed. Around the edges were golds and reds, flickering in and out. He wondered if they were hot; it felt warmer in the cave.
“This is it, the room that they stored the stone.” Castiel’s eyebrows furrowed. “It was a little too easy to get here, be on your guard.”
“They could challenge me; there are yet old family’s out their Dean. We must withhold some traditions. Though if I thought, you needed punishment that would be in private.”
Dean flicked over to different news channels when he felt a weight on his shoulder. He leant back into his angel.
“Yes brother, he’s always loved you. This clue, you must figure it out for yourself. He’s not keeping anything back from you, Castiel. Dean can’t physically tell you.”
“Scream all you want, I can shut the doors, and I can take the bus to the depot.” the man laughed maniacally.
“If that bastard ever graces my doorstep, he will get his ass full off led.” groused the older man. “This Rook fellow could he be after you because you’re born Nephilim? Got your mom out of the way?”
“It’s not selfish to want that, honey. You’re mated, and you want to finish the bond. You have the handprint, you have intimacy, and now you want the bond of words. You feel inadequate.”
Castiel just raised his eyebrow and shook his head. “I wanted to meet you again, John. Do you recall what I told you last time?” Castiel’s voice was icy, harsh and unforgiving. John was now confronting the true angel worrier.
They strode to the threshold of the large hall and came to an array of passageways; they take the middle one. It has a dark green carpet with rich green walls. The pictures on the walls have angels on horseback, some strolling with riders on their back, and some jumping over hedges, Dean like’s them. The angel’s wings looked like they flow in the breeze. It reminds him of the pictures that became alive in Harry Potter.
“You’re welcome. Now, we realised us angels that missed what was going on in the agency. Plans are afoot. We have to change. I want to offer yourself and Dean a job after graduation. You would both have an office. I want Dean to work with Gabriel as well. Joe this would be more your task then Deans.”
Dean then got ready for bed, feeling better he had evidence and a way to escape when he needed to. Needing to get some money was a priority, but he was not positive how he could achieve that.
Mallory scanned the Omega. “I can’t Castiel’s the only one that’s not completed his task: the one that can end it all. You’ve done all four, highly commended for a little omega. Never mind a filthy Nephilim.”
“Flynn and Kate, speak with your angels because we are having a sleepover in the common room tonight. Midnight feast, late night at the movies.” Dean grinned at them, hoping he would have some enjoyment out of this mess.
“Don’t worry; I know the way.” grinned Dean, tugging at the joint hands. Turning back, he led the way.
Joe stared up when the connecting door opened into the common area.“The commander’s here for you, Dean.”
Chuck stood and paced the room and faced the two lovers on the couch.“I realised my creations; humans were going to be trouble. I had given them free will. I did not want to have to educate them, to make them do anything against their will. They should choose their paths in life for good or bad. For Crowley and the crossroad demons, they had new subjects. Lucifer helped in Hell, and we realised there were good and evil in the demon world.”
Dean sighed heavily and leant into the warm embrace of his friend. “I know it sounds selfish with war brewing on the horizon. I wish me and Cas could become bonded. Have all my friends and family around us. A slice of happiness before crunch time.”
Dean walked along the highway. It was dusty saying; it was winter, and the weather had not been kind. Kicking a pebble with his foot, it bore him hiking, but he did not have a considerable choice. He heard a roar of an engine behind him and turned. A compact car pulled up next to him, and the person opened the passenger door.
Cam had no clue that Castiel had not mated Dean. After all, the youngster carried his mark and now his ring. So, he picked Dean up from the kitchen. They had not informed the angel that he could not enter the den.
“Your old man was correct, your a stupid, pointless, good for nobody, end it, Dean.” Mirror Dean appeared to shout obscenity’s at the omega like he realised he was losing his hold, that Dean was no longer under his evil spell.
“I have no idea, sweetheart, but that was out of this world. Castiel gently kisses his mate sweetly. Tracing his fingers down his sweat-soaked body. “Let’s get a shower.”
“I have no clue but, I’m keeping an eye on that. We spoke to the bank, just in case. It was a mistake, but it’s not.”
Next came weapons training, but he did this alone. Dean was fit from the jobs he had been doing, and the weights he lifted. They instructed him in hand to hand and defence,”
“Yeah, she’s a good person. Not everything is black and white in this world, Dean. The bad people don’t parade around with pointy hats and moustaches. I have a book for you to read in my office. Get that woman a drink first and make sure your brothers packed. It’s something you need to read without interruption.”
“You too.” Dean went to stand over near an advertisement board and wondered what the woman meant. Looking at his bank book, he realised he had another three thousand dollars transferred into his account.
“Oh, yeah, that’s not good.” she shook her head and stared at the creature inhabiting her friend’s face.
“I read about omegas like you, Dean. If someone attacked your nest, you would be more powerful than an alpha.”
“You have a conscience, this vessel as a live person inside. You won’t kill me.” The demon chuckled, thinking he had won.
“I guess not all angels are like him, are they?” Dean inquired, embracing all the additional information he was gathering on his angel.
“It’s like the original settlers knew that something was wrong with the places they lived,” Joe announced to the group.
Charlie must spot this and stops and places her arm around him, “Hey sorry, Anna says I’m way too hyper sometimes.”
“So, how did Zad get into the agency because I would love to know?” Charlie’s green eyes sparkled with all the gossip she was receiving.
This is just started to get a Beta going over it. Thanks to Chell my friend. Bare with me while it gets done thanks x
The angel stood up and groaned. His arms throbbed from holding his sword aloft. Running his grace through his worse injuries, not wanting to deplete it this early on, being so far from the host. Plus, if Dean needed him, he had to be ready.
“When is my brother not concerned about you? Let’s get out of here before someone gives us a job. I want to rest and some time off too.”
Dean sulked, not liking the order. He nodded his head begrudgingly but not saying a word. If he did not commit to keeping away, he would not be breaking a promise if he needed to rescue his mate. Dean was not leaving Castiel alone to defend himself, thank you very much.
It puzzled the omega why Adam was protecting him. Charlie looked over at the boy, and something in her eyes became determined. “Leave Adam alone and don’t dare touch me again.”
I hope you’re okay? No clue what’s going on, Anna’s not saying anything. I did a little digging. The commander can feel you before the mating because your Star bonded. It’s written in the stars that you would find each other. You can heal the world, dude. Don’t give up on him yet.
“Astra has been so much better. I hope it stays that way.” Joe mused, finding his fingers more interesting than feeding the fish.
Dean’s hands wobbled, tears running down his face. “I’m fed up of crying over him. Fed up of people treating me like an adult. I just want to be a kid. I want to mess up. I want to be me. Why can’t I just be Dean?”
“Yeah, the only time we get to see them is at group gatherings or balls and shows. I need to learn how to be polite and interact with them. I don’t want to show Anna up, but we will have more freedom than you or Adam.”
Dean huffed and would not take the angel’s hand. “Don’t act like this tonight, Dean, please. You ignored me at the graduation ceremony, and that was enough.”
Dean finds a hotel and gets help in finding Sam and Bobby. Dean tells Sam all about his angel heritage on the drive back to Bobby's.
The doctor put her hand against the bruise and narrowed her eyes. “What on a hand or fist? Who the hell did this to you, Dean?”
“Anna, part of your team, search the tunnels, half stay with me. We need cover in case we meet any demons or the Fates.”
The bats circled upwards around the roof of the cavern. The strange blue light of the stalactites, sending their shadows cascading over the waiting battalion below. In a frenzy, the bats collided with each other. Their high pitch screams were making the most sensitive ears ache with pain.
It muted every colour, dark greens, navy blues, blacks and greys. The pictures of Hell often depicted flickering fiery red. Any colour would be a reprieve from this monotonous dank enclosed cave they were in at present. Nothing came to disturb them, just the dripping of water adding to the bite of the freezing air.
“Brother, this is a test. Chuck needs for you to take this ultimate step.” Mertha pattered Castiel on the tenderly on the hand.
I spend a lovely afternoon looking through winter flowers of Texas and Log Cabins for sale in the Texas area. Don't say I don't research my fics lol
“I don’t need any. Why don’t you buzz off?” Dean sighed, knowing something was going to happen. His heart rate increased, and he felt somewhat dizzy.
Dean breathed in, and a sudden jolt of electricity ran through his body. His wings broke free, and his eyes glowed goldenly. “You come out when I don’t need you.” he chuckled, shaking his head in disbelief.
“Yes, they enlisted when they found out about the impending war. They have been out of the agency for a couple of years. Marcus teaches physical education at a high school, and Isaac is a kindergarten teacher. They’re mated to the twins.”
Gabriel ran to hug Lucifer, not seeing his older brother for many moons. “Come on, Cassie; Dean will be here soon. We need to have you standing at the altar.”
Dean shook his head slightly and spread his majestic wings, his backdrop of the night’s sky, a stark contrast against the blazing sun of the Canadian summer’s afternoon. Winking at his mate, he swooped into the air, looping and twisting. His arm outstretched like some comic book superhero.
Dean started his chant again, and the smoke dissipated, turning into yellow and black striped butterflies.
Castiel grasped Dean’s neck and pulled his lip between his teeth. A spark ignited when their tongues meet for the first time, caressing, exploring both their tongues dance together to an unheard melody. Heat flows through both angels, their hands finding each other becoming entwined.
“I will catch you later.” Dean shook his head at how swiftly his angel dismissed him. Rushing out of the door, he breathed a sigh of relief. He kept forgetting that his angel could pick up his thoughts now and then.
“You always underestimate my Dean,” Castiel tells the demon. “He burns brighter than a supernova, but few people see him.” Blue eyes sought his mate and flick back over to the demon. “Dean can exorcise a demon and still leave the vessel intact. You won’t be going back to hell.”
After breakfast Dean went back to his room. He put black dress pants on and a white shirt. Pulling over his head the robe that was black velvet. The background depicted stars in the night sky, each sawed with small silver beads. There were constellations and galaxies in the material. They caught the light and shimmered, giving the illusion that they were moving. Castiel had given him a chain to wear, it was a gold star, and he proudly wore it. Dean placed his black cloth cap on his head with a bronze tassel, denoting Castiel’s rank.
Dean stared at the crumpled note that was tucked in his pocket and knocked on the door. An old man opened it. He had wizened skin and walked with a frame.
The omegas that had joined the war had their uniform. A grey tunic and an orange breastplate, so they would be recognised, in the garrisons. Castiel was pleased that, his friends and mate were getting preferential treatment. Though if Dean found out his thoughts he would get his ass kicked.
“Let’s get onto that Castiel.” Lucifer stood and brushed imaginary lint off his clothes. “Thank you for sharing your home with me. I must borrow my brother Dean. I will see you when the trumpets sound.”
“Dean, sorry we have not spoken before now. A load’s going on up there.” the angel points toward the ceiling.
Dean turned his head towards Castiel; his cold breath hung in the fidget air. “Is there another option?”
“We promise angel.” Dean had never been as happy as he was at that moment. He would cherish it forever because good things seldom happened to him.
Gabriel recruited Mertha after he told her the truth, and the cook wanted to help. Knowing that the commander and Dean had been a target made the angel’s blood boil. Kevin was in the human part of the agency today because there was an issue with the cameras. Mertha went to have a word with him. Gabriel knew Hael was not in today, so it was only Jace he needed to distract.
“What!” spluttered John, going a sinister crimson. “Is that all!? The little shit is worthless. He’s a fucking virgin, you know; that must count for something?”
“I know a way out. Just follow me into the garden, in ten minutes past the bridge.” Adam told the green-eyed boy.
“Well, it was a sheer fabrication. It was people who feared them; they wrote that rubbish. People that day never grew over five feet one. You are what, nearly six feet? You would have been a giant to them.”
“Oh, fuck,” Dean screams, grasping on to the bedsheets, feeling nothing like this in his life before. It’s like all his nerve endings are on fire, electric zips through his body, his cock is dripping pre-cum. Dean continues to stroke his engorged member merely to have his hand knocked off. He whines, but it earns him a growl.
“I am God almighty, son, but there are rules. Dean was human and just presented omega. In his world, no one’s allowed to perform blood tests on an underage child unless like the agency for medical reasons. Until Pam took the blood analyses, I had no idea he was Nephilim. I had a feeling the fates knew and hid it from me. At every turn, they seem to outwit me. Dean still had to past the tests we had laid out, but I knew he was the one.”
“Tell me where you got to Joe, I need to know?” the red-haired omega asked, picking up a dusty book from a shelf near her.
“Hey, Cas.” Dean smiled. Suddenly, the angel roughly shoved Dean against the wall. “Ouch,” Dean muttered, reaching for his head.
“This is amazing commander. Thank you, I need to tell Astra. Dean, thank you.” Joe rushed off towards an angel with bright blue hair.
Michael smiled at the couple. “Will Dean and Castiel’s friends and family place their hands upon them for the closing of the bond?”
Charlie giggled. “Yeah, we had to set up additional security measures. We have a new angel called Ambriel greeting the newbies, and in here we have Janey. I met them there nice.”
“This is a different age, Mr Winchester. Not the dark ages. We treat everyone equally; we should treat no one different, from their age, disability, sexual orientation colour or designation — everyone as the right to live without fear of violence and to live with nutrition, health care, shelter and love. You have given nothing of this to your son. Dean’s had broken bones, scars and bruises on his body, and his mental health is at crisis levels. We will place your other son Samuel in to care.”
Dean went to his room and pulled his tie off and rubbed at his eyes. He would not cry, not over some dick angel, even if they put Cas on the system. He had been reading some books and knew Castiel’s banishing sigil. So, he placed it in his room.
The water was waiting at the hatch, and Dean waved at Mertha, as she was busy. Looking at his wristwatch, it was half eight. He knew little about his angel, but he would check to find out if he had gone to bed on time. Finding the library with ease, the language over the door read in English and Welsh. Dean guessed Ireland and Scotland had similar operations. The words were likewise in Enochian; he craved to learn the language of the angel’s a little more. Uncle Bobby had taught him, and he knew some but wanted to study at a higher level.
“Well, he won’t be getting any money from us, not in abuse cases, and we take them, it’s always been that way. Once he’s over that door, he’s ours.” Pam smirked looked back at the boy on the bed.
Dean searched for his friends but hid behind a plant pot, seeing Adam and Charlie talking to a male angel. After the bullying incident, he felt insecure and wondered what the hell they were doing. The omega had been confident he had seen this angel talk to his tormentors before; he could not place the time.
Her breathing was slightly laboured, but she nodded. “Thank the lord. Now we need to find Dean and the others.”
“I will see what I can do about that. Why don’t you have a wash, and we can get lunch? I hear you’re quite the cook.”
Dean felt the warm tingle of grace pass through him and felt better immediately. Thanking the doctor, he left with instructions to rest.
The angels nodded and stuck around for their brother to come back. They both knew when he appeared; he will have his mate in tow.
Dean felt a little strange like his skin was too tight for his body. He wiggled out of bed and hopped into the shower, hoping to mollify the increasing anxiety he felt.
“Then my dear child, you are not soul mates. Have this day and night. That’s all we can give; it starts tomorrow.”
The omega thought. Dean cried himself to sleep. When he woke from his nap, there was a black feather by his pillow.
“Thank you, Dean, for owning up to that. I know what you did. I won’t punish you for your transgressions. What happened was neither of our faults, though I could have handled it a lot better than I did. I left you feeling unwanted, not loved, and that I can never forgive myself for.”
The young boy sighed and put his shirt back on, the chill in the room, making him shiver. “I’m fine, Pam; leave it.”
I have to correct this three times and it made me cry all three times. Ugh, See you on the other side...With tissues, chocolate, and a hug...
“I agree, you look half-starved still. Well, I have the code names.” Charlie tells them. “Gabriel will be Loki because he’s a tricky one, so watch out for him. The commander is Thanos and Michael is Batman.”
The woman came around the wooden counter and put her arm around the upset boy. “Now, why don’t you sit in our common area? Paul here will get you a drink, and everything you need to eat. I will ring Bobby; you’re safe here Dean, no one can hurt you. My name’s Aggie, by the way.” smiling for the first time, Dean wondered why she did not do that more often; it made her less severe. “Paul, can you tend to Dean while I try to contact his family?”
Castiel clutched his omega tighter and buried his head into Deans’ shoulder. “I love you; I will never stop. You’re the best thing that ever happened to me. It will pain me to let you leave love. If it’s what you need, then I will grant your wish,”
Castiel adds a third finger, and Dean tries to push back on to it hard. Castiel slaps the fleshy part of his boy’s thigh.
“We are going to get in contact with your family, Dean,” Hannah told the boy. “Make sure Sammy is okay he can’t stay with your father. I know you won’t understand it but what your dad as done to you is abuse.”
“Treat him, different commander, he will not be like anyone else. One wrong word and you could lose him. We could lose him.” Charlie was shaking; tears fell fast down her pale face.
Castiel’s lips twitched at his brother’s drop of his title. But he did not reprimand him. “Go, get them seen to.”
Ten minutes had passed, and the entrance area was empty. Castiel stood, seeking his mate’s scent. Dean was far too young, but he faintly picked it up. They had not even mated. The older angel took scant notice of that, and his eyes landed on a garbage bin near the entrance. He stalked over to it and ripped off the lid, finding Dean’s lanyard.
Kate and Charlie squealed. “Because there is.” They both shouted, looking down at their feet, only to see long thick tentacles withering around their legs.
“Go with it boys, now get off with you.” Gabriel laughed, watching the bewildered faces of the omegas.
Blue eyes like laser beams penetrated his soul. Made him shake, wanting to reach out and touch this perfect creature. “I-Cas, please hold me.” Dean’s voice shakes, needing warmth and comfort.
Dean showed his friend out and waved goodbye. It was nice to catch up; he was feeling lonely. The omega only wished his angel would come and visit him.
Castiel smiled softly at the overexcited omega he had grown to love like a sister.“As do you, Charlie? You all look marvellous. Thank you for pulling this off at the last minute. We all know, what’s going to happen. Though in these trying times it’s good to seek hope and hold on to that. When you feel like you have nothing left to give, when there is nothing but dark, and you see no light. Think back to this day and how much joy and love you brought. Not just to my Dean, but this family. We are all very proud of you.”
Dean went upstairs; he reprogrammed his key card he could pop into Adam’s room undetected. The room was larger and had a fitness area, but that was the sole difference. The omega grabbed some weights they would have to do for now. Pushing the weights to the back of a chair so that no one could find them. The omega grabbed a shower and sat and read for a while.
“Angel and demons mating is accepted by my kind. They will have part light and dark within their core. They have the free will, but their demon side cannot overrule their angel side.”
“Yes, sweet boy, how could I not.” Castiel swiped at the stray tears pouring down his mate’s star-kissed face.
“I will pass the message on. I need to inform you that Rook is a demon, and he’s heading this way. He was the last time my minions spoke to me.” The demon grinned like a shark.
‘Stupid angel, thinking I would hate it.’ thought Dean, mentally scolding his mate. “Well, are you going to show me inside?” Dean quizzed the angel.
“We do. Tatsu is eight he’s, strong and brave like his haha. Natsuki is three and much like me, getting herself into mischief. Michael and Castiel are late in taking up a mate. Only myself, Raphael and Gabriel have mated the longest. My first partner past away, many aeons ago. They did not want to bond, so she withered and died.”
Adam looked terrific wearing a black and gold cloak. The sigils and constellations caught like starlight in the long black cloak. The older boy wore a cap with a silver tassel that hung to the side.
“No, not yet, but you will. Now I am going to find your father. I want you to find your suite and settle in, and we will meet up in the morning.”
Dean glances away from the mirror image of himself, but he could not tare his eyes elsewhere, too transfixed. This Dean is unique; he stands straighter, more self-assured and confident. Dresses smarter, his complexion, even his hair is better.
“Cas, so overjoyed to see you. I got split from the group.” the redhead declared, hugging her friend.
“Well, yes, so we assumed. Who else could it be? We looked after him, and everybody bowed before this little alpha. Castiel was firm, kind, funny, strict and had faith in everybody. We respected him; he was not unlike a human and an angel. Gabriel taught him to love humanity and made certain he understood the good and ugly parts.”
“The quest my garrison was on, it was all for nothing; fake. I even had to send for Anna, to live by the coast. Why did father want Dean to be alone? Get Charlie out of the way? Then I hear again that my mate was the target of the bullies from Pam and Camael. They hurt him, Gabe.”
Castiel strode into the holding cells. He wanted to talk to John, demanded it. They moved the prisoner into a holding room. Castiel walked in facing his foe for the first time. Samandriel was observing this, concerned for his brother, hoping he would do nothing he would subsequently regret. He got on to angel radio and called for back-up.
“Because now I know no matter what the fates throw at you; and my child they will. You won’t break, you won’t shake in fear, and they won’t take you apart. You’re both stronger together. Your love is so bright it will guide you through the deepest pits of Hell.”
Castiel made certain no humans were in the immediate area. Walking rapidly up the trail he knew would lead to one gate of Hell. A team of angels from Eta garrison were waiting for him there.
The angel got up and smirked. Dean had learnt to banish him; he was so talented. This boy would keep him on his toes if only he could tell him why he could not spend time with him. But he had his orders from a higher power. Though no one said he could not monitor him, or care for him, and he would keep on doing it. A storm was coming, and he had the feeling Dean would be in the centre. No one would hurt his Dean again. He had made that promise, and he intended to keep it.
He's one I made earlier. Enjoy. Again thanks for your awesome comments. Night talk again soon x Much love x
Castiel sat in the nest; he trotted up and down, clutching his fists tightly. Looking down at his finger where previously his precious ring sat. What was he doing giving up on Dean? His omega had injured himself, and he never treated him. His arms were red raw, yet he did not trust him to come for help. But that was wrong as Dean sought his help.
Dean turned and pulled Joe, Adam, and Charlie into him. They hid their faces into each other’s shoulders. Holding on to each other tightly, for support and comfort.
They walked hand in hand into the garden; at that moment, nothing could burst their bubble of happiness. But dark clouds were ascending from the Heavens.
“Not, for an exceedingly long-time love,” Castiel told the heartbroken boy. “They have pie, you love pie.”
Dean did not like this and their attitude but went with it anyhow, Adam pressed for floor five and then it asked for their key card. The other boy showed him how to do it, and the elevator moved. The doors opened, and he only saw two rooms.
Gabriel put his hand on his heart, feigning shock and hurt. “You think I would forget that Dean on your big day?”
“Your uncle as knowledge and a safe room that no evil can penetrate. Two angels now guard Sam, I will send support to your grandmother. Don’t worry Dean they will be safe that’s my promise to you.” Chuck tried to reassure the boy.
“Got it in one.” It pleased Crowley that the omega got it. “Demons like myself, we can’t make a human evil, though we can possess them. It’s rare, and only those of my kin that are so twisted that they have gone utterly insane. The humans come to me. They know it’s wrong but care little for it.”
Then Michael spoke again. “Castiel will, you share in Dean’s laughter and look for the brightness and the positives in him?”
Pam and Mertha gasped. Gabriel and Castiel ran for the elevators. They reached Amber’s desk. “Signal level one. I want my garrisons down here ASAP. I demand this building on shut down. Gabriel call in all the archangels and the elders.”
Getting tools from the shed, he climbed the ladder again. This time the ladder wobbled, and it seemed to slip.
Castiel laid Dean gently on the enormous bed as his hungry eyes raked over the boy’s body. Pulling off his tee-shirt, flinging it elsewhere on the floor.
Before Gabriel could stop her, Hael appeared behind him. He grabbed his horn from his pocket. It was the size of a keyring and made of solid gold. The angel blew into it and both the angels froze.
It startled Dean at the bullshit that just came out of the older boy’s mouth. Did he think by acting like an idiot, like he ruled the world, he would be better than everyone because his mate was an archangel? Heaven was a long way to fall, and Adam had a very long way.
“Excellent, now keep all your senses open, this will be a rocky ride. We have Heaven and Earth resting on our shoulders. I can’t stress how important this battle.”
“Charlie, he’s told me twice he was forced to mate with me, he does not want me, sweetie,” Dean told his friend the truth, the hurt still sinking into his bones.
“Deans, gone missing, and he’s just discovered his Nephilim powers. I triggered him he’s having flashbacks from the sounds of it. We’ve seen his old man near the agency.”
Castiel grabbed Dean’s hand as they faced the new world. The oranges, pinks, yellows of the new day, were strewn haphazardly on the backdrop like an infant had taken their paintbrush and slapped their mark on the sky. Animals walked in harmony with the humans, no longer fearing each other.
Dean looks astonished at first. They entered a large building with glass windows from top to bottom to let in natural light. There sat people on soft chairs chatting or reading. Corridors splintered off in all directions. No one looks up to discover who’s arrived in the lobby, and he’s thankful for that.
“We are the shadows, that haunt your nightmares, Nephilim. We are dark. We are shadows in the daylight. You cannot elude us.” the creature said with a heavy accent, Dean hardly understood it. It sounded like there was more than one creature talking which stumped the omega.
Everything suddenly became clear to Dean, and he knew what he had to say. No longer feeling drunk, but the path set in front of him.
“Uncle Bobby, no,” shouted Dean in terror. Pale face was still smoking, but Dean leapt off the stoop and pulled his uncle back to safety, making sure the salt ring was intact. Grabbing the hilt of the knife, he made a run for it and pushed the blade into the smoking demon. With a high-pitched scream, the demon lit up and fell back onto the dusty ground.
A loud howl rang out, the light flickered and buzzed; the creature was turning, twisting. It sank downwards, into the floor. It shrank before Castiel’s very eyes; he stabbed at it again. “That’s for taking the face of my mate.”
The angel choir remained in a semi-circle, all turned out in white holding flickering candles. They sang ‘
“We have your back commander.” Gzrel chanted, with her angel blade held high in the air. The others followed her example, and they bowed their heads in respect.
“Dean, before I call Cassie, I want you to know.” lifting Dean’s arm, she rubbed at his wrists gently. “that you can come to any of us. Something is coming. I feel the dark shadows of hell’s fingers tugging at me. You must know the truth because they will bend your mind, use your pain, twist it and spew you out. We, love you Dean, would die for you, recognise this, as the absolute truth.”
Castiel mentally prepared, reaching out tendrils of grace towards his mate but finding nothing but darkness. Not too concerned, he had heard from Kedi after all, and to his knowledge, Dean was safe. The battalion of angels was ready to fight the darkness. Castiel pulled forth his trusty sword; it sang a song of victory. The commander yelled; the deathly battle cry of the angels made the earth shudder. Their eyes alight with the flames of grace, Heaven’s army was bracing to strike into the very heart of Hell.
Castiel screams inside his stomach in knots. Instead, he calmed down and rubbed his thumbs soothingly over his lover’s cheekbones.
Castiel turned to him with a glance of amusement in his sky-blue eyes. Chuck just laughed and nodded.
Castiel’s sky-blue eyes widened with concern. “Is this what’s on your mind? Why would we punish you for John’s mistakes?”
“Then pack tomorrow, and we will have you moved by the end of the week. We can’t mate yet until your heat. I don’t predict that will happen until after your eighteenth birthday. You can have the spare room. I’ve added a room on the second floor until then.”
“I have never seen this effect before.” Castiel held tight to his brother’s body, trying to give him some comfort. “It's like they hold venom, that affects us.”
“What! Your, O.M.G. Dean, that’s amazing.” looking back at Dean’s pale face, she tried to calm down. “this is not amazing?” She asked tentatively.
“Do you know we angels invented cherubs? We can love my darling boy. Yet my heart stayed cold. I was jealous, and that’s why I joined with Hael and Jace. I had no clue they were tied with that filth on the road over there. For that, I’m truly sorry. I know it was wrong.”
The next day Joe woke with a hangover, stuck to the couch of the library and Dean was half on and half off the coffee table.
“John Winchester did not study the procedures the buffoon. Annie called me on angel radio he handed over the rights to us, not that it would matter in this case,” grinned Hannah looking over at Dean, glad they could help him.
“I want you, but you can’t consent in this state. You must feel terrible. I wish I could take your pain away.”
Castiel ran, pulled the security doors off their hinges using his full powers. The angel could hear screams from the humans, but he cared little now, just needed his boy, wanting him safe. Even if he never spoke with him again.
“Um, we will deal with Adam don’t concern yourself, Charlie. Did Dean say anything that would make you think he wanted to leave?”
Castiel calmed down and flew to his nest, it needed cleaning, he could achieve it with his grace, but he brought human cleaning supplies. Starting from the top, he washed, shined, polished every inch of the cabin. This home must be ready for his Dean, his mate when he returned.
Our boys finally meet. (Little dance of joy) I have not slept all night because flair up from the depths of hell itself has descended on me. My boys always cheer me up and I loved writing this. I may have shed a tear or two.
“You have no children; you have no family at all. There is no one to talk with your life is over; we will punish you for your crimes, filth.” Castiel spat out. His grace was humming in his veins, his eyes glowing electric blue.
It shocked Gabriel, but he did not show it. Closing his eyes, he squeezed the little angel tight. “As I love you, little brother. Now let’s go get those omegas and show them how to have fun.”
“Then maybe he should have been around for Dean, I assumed he cared, but I was wrong. Anna said he should have been in the hospital. She was not pleased.”
“Confess, you have invariably been at his side, Cassie. You never actually abandoned him, you broke the rules for him. Keep doing that little brother. I have a feeling he’s going to need you, eventually.”
Everyone laughed, and Dean grinned, knowing there will be a lot of that going on. “I have known you since my father created the universe. Before the stars were born, before the dust could settle, your apart of my very being. Past, present and future, until the light on our universe, goes out. Forever entwined because no one will extinguish our love. Our story forever engraved on the stars.”
It was like someone was trying to tune a radio, the air crackled and was disjointed. Several loud squeaks and pops flashed through his mind, and he had to put his hands over his ears, but that did not help. Then it was suddenly crystal clear, the music starting at a low timber. Then a crescendo of trumpets pure, sweet but with a deadly warning grew louder. War had broken out, the apocalypse had started, and they were needed, to save heaven and earth.
“Yeah, please don’t look at me with pity. Charlie there a way out of this place? I need to get to my Uncle Bobby’s and then find Crowley. I have to see if my little brother is okay. Find a place to live.”
“You can go now, but come next Tuesday, and we will begin. I need to get my lesson plans done for you.”
Then Gabriel stepped forward. “The Progress award this year is for the student who’s done his best in all of his subjects. Got two awards from his angel and helped his friends at the agency. He will begin his new job here at the agency, helping recruits settle in. The Chuck Challenger award goes to Joe Hallen.” Dean laughed at the shock on Joe’s face, and he clapped the hardest.
“Dean, thank you. I apologise for what Adam has put you and your fellow humans through,” Michael says, obviously frustrated with his mate.
The next-door neighbour stared at him and smiled. “You’re a good boy child. If you can come next weekend, I will have some jobs for you.”
“You think that will stop us? Your banal remarks.” Joel grabbed Deans hoodie and ripped him off the bridge and Raz tripped him. The younger boy stumbled on his hands, but he twisted his wrist, causing him pain.
“I-I had been protected all my life. Told extraordinary tales about the stars, that I was special. Gabriel took care of me. They brought me up with love and a sense of family, belonging. Mertha told me recently that other angels learnt from me. That they saw how I loved, how I conducted myself.”
There is an almighty bang, and Castiel comes hurtling through the doors. He glares at Dean and observes that he’s injured but does nothing. When Castiel does not heal him, Deans heart drops that’s a point against the angel. No matter what, even if you’re pissed with your mate, sick or injured, never leave them untreated,”
Madan raised his eyebrows and carried on with his tail. “One, but she was the Alpha Fate, the one that sired her sisters. She carries no heart; it turned to stone. The Fate made a spell, so all Nephilim’s would perish. If you stepped out of this room, it would rip your human soul from your body, making you a monster. That would be your punishment, and we would have to…”
Castiel shot the boy an expression of contempt. “Leave it, Joe. I’m used to it.” Dean went out, pushing past his angel and getting to work.
All four of them had a great day. It took Dean time to loosen up, to realise that good happened. Castiel had paid for VIP tickets so they could receive priority on rides. They had burgers for dinner. Got souvenirs’ and had an auspicious day.
Dean came down and wiped his forehead, a little spooked. “Thank you, sir; you saved me, I was helping Cal out.”
“Anna agreed with Batman that we all need looking after. Cam will stay until you leave Dean.” Charlie told the younger boy.
They said goodbyes to their hosts. Dean gave his uncle and brother a hug, and Castiel shook Bobby’s hand. Sam hugged Castiel, and this surprised the angel who hugged the boy back.
“Okay, guys, I need to piss Castiel off. It’s a test for him, like from God himself. We can’t tell anyone, they will stop you. So, walk away now.” Dean peered around, but everybody remained.
The air was so sweet, people could breathe for the first time. There were no illnesses left in people’s bodies, the dead rose again, and joined their loved ones. The damned, those who could no longer walk on this new Heaven on Earth, they were shipped to Hell but watched by Crowley’s demons. The new King of Hell, for even demons, have a heart. Not everything you experience is invariably black and white, good or bad.
Michael cleared his throat and sniffed, clearly affected by the heartfelt words.“When you love someone, you do not love them all the time in the same way, from moment to moment. It is an impossibility. We need to have faith in the ebb and flow of life, of love and relationships. We need to be one, yet separate, one heartbeat, two minds. I will bless you with joys, yet the inevitably of sorrows will mar the landscape. Together hand in hand you will seek solace in each other, be stronger in each other’s presence.”
Grabbing a warm shower, he dressed in blue jeans, his Tenth doctor t-shirt and his Marauders map hoodie. He put on his Converse, the same ones that the tenth doctor wore. They had been Feast presents from Charlie and Adam, and he cherished them.
Dean rubbed his face and grabbed four saltwater bottles, giving them out to the angels. Joe, Charlie and Sandy had spares, so they distributed them around the garrison.
“Or what? Will you inform your mate’s baby? Like they will do much.” the boy sneered being menacing.
Charlie was hot, perspiration dripped down her eyebrow, and she wiped her forehead with the back of her forearm. Feeling in her pack, she blindly grabbed a bottle of clear liquid. The bottles were labelled, but she did not check them. Dean had moved close to his friend, but at that moment the young omega realised she had picked the wrong bottle and spat the water all over him.
The angel brings a tray of food for Dean, clear soup, a rice dish plus yoghurt. “It’s all sorted, young man, come to me at the hatch for your food. You must have three meals a day, no snacks now, but plenty of water. When it’s time for bed, Castiel’s given you a time limit. The commander wishes you to finish it before morning.”
“And therefore you’re the Star Child,” smirked Chuck, calming the rage that flowed through the Nephilim’s veins. “You will fight for everyone. Even those who do not deserve a second chance.”
“This is my life, you’re my mate, and you will become used to it.” Castiel, known for his patience, was wearing thin with Dean tonight.
Everything was coming together; it excited everyone they could not wait to see Deans face. To get Dean into his suit, and to arrive on time. Castiel lamented the loss of his ring, but it was not an essential part of the bond ceremony. Though he missed it on his finger; after all, his Dean had taken the time and effort in selecting that ring for him.
“Working collectively to reach the tree and get Dean away from Castiel. But it sounds like there is more to that story.”
“No sweetheart, you have let nobody down. It’s your father that let you down, Dean. John may think we’re dicks with wings, but we won’t let anybody get away with abusing a child.”
Pulling his fingers through his thick thatch of black hair. Castiel glanced around, feeling apprehensive, bouncing his knee up and down.
“Don’t stop idjit, keep going,” yelled Bobby, firing off another round of salt pellets. Then throwing a bucket full of holy water at the pale face demon who smoked like he was on fire.
A month passed by, and Dean was out of the chair. Pam informed the omega he could eat healthy but regular fares. To drink plenty and take life easily, Dean had yet to choose his classes. The agency had let him off because of how he felt but had encouraged him to get back to class.
“I don’t have favourites, of course, but Lucifer and I get on rather well. He’s protective of me.” Castiel looks at Dean shyly. “I would love for you to meet him after all this?”
“Sing love save them.” Ophaniel quaked affected by his brother and sisters, battered bodies and the relentless surge of the bats.
The common area was now a command centre, with maps of hell and other essential places like the best entrance on earth to enter the hell gates. They had a flotilla of angels that would take them to any destination they wished at short notice.
John dived, trying to hit Uriel, but he swotted him away like a fly. The angel staggered and corrected himself.
Castiel looked over Dean’s shoulder at his father. “You both need to train. I will send news; it’s not long now, son.”
“My Cas has a temper, and he thinks before he speaks. I may get pissed myself. I will ask for the ring back. That will kill him.” Dean sighed sadly, not wanting this to happen one iota.
“Dean, you have a tremendous knowledge of Enochian. I want to work with you myself, one to one. I realise you require more than just what I teach in the classroom; you’re far more advanced than any student I have ever taught. I want you to carry on Tuesday’s class so I can help you with spelling and grammar. Each month I will give you a project to write about to help you build on your knowledge. On Friday afternoon I can teach you up here after lunch for an hour or two.”
Dean went into the library. Adam had given him the black box so he could turn off the cameras. Going to the back of the stacks, Dean found a book about angel bonds. Taking it, he sat on the steps and read it.
“Yeah, I want to show him how I feel. Sometimes he stares at me when he assumes I’m not watching, and I worry. I love him Mertha.”
“I won’t let you go again. I will do everything in my power to sort this mess out. Gabriel please I can’t leave him, not again.” begs Castiel, tears in his summer’ blue eyes.
“Don’t threaten me, boy, you didn’t know who you’re messing with,” growled John with hatred in his eyes.
Dean put his leather bracelet on his wrist and got his passkey. He ambled to the elevator and descended to the ground floor. Everyone was sitting on the chairs getting ready for the ceremony. Dean moved to stand next to Castiel’s chair and waited for the elders to come into the room.
Wondering what his uncle was doing if he even knew he was missing. His times spent at his house were the happiest he had ever been, John saw that and took it away. Uncle Bobby was more of a dad to him. The old man would have loved this library it’s stretched so far, he could not see to the back of it, all made of cedarwood, he would guess from the holy land.
“I will let Anna and Charlie up to Deans room. Then I will sound the alarm to get everybody back to their rooms.” Anna nodded at her brother and Charlie bowed in respect.
Dean chuckled. “Angel, when will you get that I love you?” Dean ran away from his alpha. “Catch me if you can.” The omega sang with pure joy and teasing in his approach.
Suddenly the table and chairs smashed against the east wall, and Castiel stumbled forward. He landed with a thump onto the marble floor. Mallory grabbed his hair and kicked him in the stomach.
“Your friend was part human, Dean. He still possessed free will, like most monsters. There are vampires I know that won’t feed off humans. The wolf that bit Garth he did that, knowing what the consequences would be.” Crowley explained to Dean.
Michael crossed his hand over the rings. “Samuel chose this poem. Perfect for Dean and Castiel’s present situation. I too thought it apt for the blessing.”
Weapons of mass destruction evaporated. All the ocean levels settled. The rubbish in the oceans was no longer choking it to death: no greedy politicians, no wars, no hate, or greed. The earth cleaned. The light hit every known person in the world, young, old, rich, or poor, the end of days had started. Everyone was equal, all humans bleed the same way no matter who or what they are after all.
Dean groaned inwardly, not needing a babysitter. “This is non-negotiable.” Castiel narrowed his eyes.
Dean looks at the girl and feels bad for her. “I had a lousy day, sorry, not eaten in two days and feel-” He peers down, not positive what else to say.
The boys sneaked into the kitchen and found hostess’ cakes, popcorn, pop tarts and candy. Joe found some cooking Sherry, but Dean declined, not liking the taste. The boys, loaded with forbidden goods, tiptoed into the cinema and watched film after film, throwing popcorn and candy at each other, Joe getting steadily tipsy. The others left because they could not concentrate on the movie with the noise the boys were making.
Dean land’s next to the salt bin near the agency. Searching for his phone, he called his best friend.
There training was complete; weapons were piled high; rations were set out. Crowley’s witch friend had even spelt the omegas a bag that clipped around their wrist. They kept food rations, water and other items in it. It was terrific to the omegas that such a small object could carry so much. It was like something out of Harry Potter. It was much better than taking a cumbersome load on their backs that could hinder them in a fight.
Castiel bowed his head and placed his hand over his heart. “In his name.” the others repeated the blessing and followed the angel’s footsteps — Dean by his side as they penetrated the narrow passageways of human Hell.
The night was descending, and snow had fallen when Castiel found Dean. He sat beside him at the crater, the lights in the distance of Flagstaff. Castiel took his jumper off and placed it on Dean’s shoulders.
“Like I divulged before Dean’s my mate. He’s also underaged. In our law, I may fight against anyone that would harm him. So, I have what you humans say, ‘
The skies were a Mediterranean blue, no clouds to mar the vista. The wind blew warm on their skin, a reprieve from the sun’s intense rays. The angels had settled them down on a dirt track wide enough for a single car to pass. The angels walked ahead, talking in Enochian. Dean, Adam and Charlie were trailing behind them. They could detect nothing but trees. There was a curve in the road, and something shone brightly between summer green foliage.
“I promise I will look after you, Dean, come on.” Charlie gets her pass and Deans and presses them to the door.
The two boys wandered over to the bridge and sat down, dangling their legs over the side. They kept up the usual small talk and fed the greedy fish.
Dean ate some pop tarts; he could have them if he were on his best behaviour He had three and made certain to leave behind the packet. These were trivial details, but Dean knew that they could turn into mountains.
Dean does some jobs and meets an old man whos lonely. The old man's neighbour saves him from a fall and gives him another job. But who is this neighbour that saved Dean?
Castiel was watching the news and seem like he was in some trance. His face flushed, his fists clenching his pyjama bottoms.
Charlie and Dean went over and laid their hand on top of Joes and Adams. Mallory did not struggle she just sat limply, all her fight going. They held tight and closed their eyes, thought about their mates, families, their new homes. Mallory’s screams faded. She was nothing but dust under their fingertips, nothing but a remote memory. Love always wins over evil. The balance of good had tipped back.
“Sorry! Sorry, will not cut it this time, Dean. How dare you start this? Yes, I know it was you. Right from the start, I noticed you were trouble. I will inform the commander about you.”
“Cas, I love you, no matter what they put us through. I won’t stop, never stopped. My soul cries for you; I hate being apart. I need you more than ever. Tell me, you still want me? After all, that’s happened,”
Castiel squeezed Dean’s hand in reassurance. “Dean it's fine if you don’t want to tell me.” he craved to learn but did not want to pressure his young mate.
“Hi, I won’t undertake a long speech. We have some awards to give out. The Cohan award is to our top male and female scholars who academically came top of their graduating class. Charlie Bradbury and Kevin Tran, please come and accept your awards.”
“Now boy back to the business of the day. Bobby needed to know you were safe, Dean. I sent my son into the agency to make sure of this. It seems you had a struggle with some minions of mine?”
Lucifer comes to visit and tells Dean and Castiel a possible way to end the war. Castiel plans the routes into hell, and Dean and his fellow omegas get ready in other ways.
“Taking it up to my apartment, you won’t tell anyone, will you? I need something to drink, not used to people telling me what to do.” Dean picked up a magazine it was about cars thank God, but by half nine he thought he was pushing his luck and stood up.
“We require someone to monitor security. I hear you’re the best for the job.” Michael told her, laughing when she went crimson and hid behind Anna.
Putting underwear on and aftershave behind his ears, he glanced at the time it was just after seven. He slipped old sweats and a hoodie on and grabbed some shoes. Getting his pass, he waited for the elevator. Going down to the common area, a few people were milling about at that hour.
Dean nodded enthusiastically. “Don’t blame you, dude.” Dean grabbed a quick breakfast, and Mertha gave him a pack up lunch to take with him.
“Dean, you don’t get it; Adam and I are in our last year or a little longer if we drag it out. Then you’re on your own. It bothers Castiel, he thinks the world of you but has no concept of a human mate.”
All eyes were on Zeta garrison at the call of readiness from the command leader. Castiel both heard and saw at once, keeping track of his mate while he could. Knowing his Dean had sensed something, but getting nothing but love and nervousness through their shared link. Castiel called for all garrisons to be at their ready. The archangels soon following their brother’s lead.
Castiel marched down the corridor, not knowing he could fly into the human side. He observed in horror at the food fight. Just then Mertha came out of the kitchen close to tears.
Beth’s mouth dropped open. “Wow, that’s… You’re giving me feels.” Mertha dabbed at her eyes with a hankie.
Suddenly Castiel called out raising his hand aloft; he was leading the parliament of angels and omegas. They all remained still, waited for the commander to speak.
Dean trudged along the rocky passage, shafts of light puddled the cavern floor, shooting shadows off the walls. Dean stayed in the bright spots, not trusting the inconspicuous dark. Out of the corner of his eye, there was a shimmer, a shape when he twisted his head after it had gone.
Dean pushed his burger away, “I’m going to miss you guys, I can’t believe I have two years left of this.”
Castiel had told him, time and time again, that he loved him, and he showed it in so many ways. Feeling warmth pulsed through his rib cage, not realising how cold he was. Standing up straighter, he had a battalion of angels at his back but people who loved him, his Castiel, he was worth so much to so many people. Castiel gave him wings; he could fly above this, believe in himself, be whoever he wanted to be.
“Dean and I will be in opposing garrisons, but we will rendezvous in human Hell. Gabriel, Lucifer, Michael, and Raphael will take garrison Gamma, Delta, Epsilon and Nu. I will lead garrison Beta as they know my command. I will put Dean with Kedi, whose command leader for Zeta garrison. This garrison is a mix of humans, angels and Nephilim. Anak and Zakum, you’re both in charge of Eta, and Theta garrisons. You are the largest of the garrisons; you will split the guard between entrances of the Hell gates on Earth.”
“Hey, I get it, but no more shit like that. Deal?” Dean holds his hand out, and Adam smiles and shakes his hand.
“So, what! They should not have let him out if they did not want him tainted.” spits the demon that was now next to Dean, her lips ruby red and her short hair dyed blond.
Dean shook his head and turned the shower off. Climbing out and grabbing the soft blue towel Castiel offered him.
Castiel grabbed Dean gently and swung him up into the air. Bright giggles burst out, and they were both sobbing in abject joy.
Zad stepped forward with a determined spirit. “John had a hand with how Dean’s tormentors came to the agency. When John came out of the agency with no money, he tried to get back inside. At first, John wanted to bring Dean out. Then when he realised it was too difficult, John found Hael and Jace. In the guise that he could get humans that did not choose a mate. John could pay them off until they could leave the agency. Then John worked his magic; he asked Jace to track Deans every move. Both angels sent information back to him. The angels put John in contact with Ion. Johns sire wanted to infiltrate Castiel’s garrison to get at the tree of life. The very tree that could bring the downfall of humanity.”
Johns brown eyes grew wide, noting the powerful creature before him. “I want to see my son,” he growled.
“Let’s watch a movie. Don’t dwell on us leaving.” Adam pulled his friend up off the couch and pressed the black box into Dean’s hand.
“They have taken away Joel and Raziel from the agency that’s all I can inform you for now. We will not tolerate their behaviour. I need to inform you that you have gained level three.”
“Whats Castiels test? What would you have me do?” He whispered, only an angel could hear him. Dean closed his eyes and waited for the bullet to shatter his heart.
“Commander Castiel does not have your power though, I mean he could never win a fight against you?” the young omega asked the angel.
Deans birthday, never really celebrated before, not that he can remember. His friends and Castiel make sure its a day to remember.
Gabriel laughed, no one hurt his family, and John Winchester would not be the one that brought them down.
Dean trudged along the highway out of town and grabbed a lift from an old lady. She had dark skin and a no-nonsense attitude.
“I hear that I have a match?” smiled, Castiel. “From what you mention Hannah poor Dean’s not in the best of health mentally or physically.” Castiel waited for the woman to talk.
Castiel stilled, he peered down at his young mate and his face split into a grin, but he knew his mate was unhappy so tried to hold himself back. “Well, you’re not like him, nor would any of your family let you be like him. Oh, Dean, it scared me.” Castiel buried his head into Dean’s side.
“You have beautiful eyes, Dean, and when you smile, you light up the room. I can’t look at your soul, only your mate can but my bets it’s wonderful as you.” Hannah told the Omega, hoping to install some affection in his life.
A sudden notion struck the boy. No one inquired where he was. It was normal for him to come back to his room for a couple of hours. So, he could sneak out and perform some jobs around the town, and no one would have an inkling. Dean had a bank account that his uncle had set up for him. It had little in it, but he could build it up.
Dean grabbed his bag and ran. He ran hearing the driver yell but did not glance back, just continued going, not stopping until his lungs were on fire, and his legs hurt from the pain. Leaning against a wall, trying to get his breath back. It took a good ten minutes for him to feel ready to walk again.
“Dean, baby, I want you to have a shower than a bath. Then you will have clothes to put on. Then you will get to meet your Seraphim.”
One by one, everyone followed out of the chapel into the common area. Castiel was not letting go of Dean’s hand.
“I’m sorry Cas, so sorry.” Dean hides his face in his hands and starts crying. Castiel hurry’s over and envelopes the boy in his arms.
Mertha tries not to smile, but her lips quirk. “Well, yes, still you’re to go to bed at nine, but he did not mention you had to sleep.” She winks.
Castiel’s eyes narrowed this was going too far now, people gathered behind him.“Charlie, stop, that’s enough.” he said firmly, almost an order.
“I-I don’t know why angel radio does not work in Hell?” Dean shrugs, not wanting to give the link away he and his mate have.
“My dear child, that angel has no inkling what he’s got himself into, but maybe it will wake him up. Of course, I never said that.” She turns and walks off.
Sitting down for breakfast, he had waffles, eggs and orange juice. Joe and his friends came to sit with him, and they talked about classes and graduation.
Dean decided he was ready for more lessons than he found Hael at her desk. He chose math, English, Myth and Legend and Angel studies with his Enochian. Hael passed him his timetable with no arguing, and the young boy was pleased. The omega had free time around his lessons to do his outside jobs.
“Oh, so that’s why they're banned? They don’t care about anything or anybody. How can we find this sire?”
“Yeah, buddy me to. Oh, Mertha sent me out with fish food. Come on, let’s leave for a walk; it’s not overly cold out there.”
Castiel and Dean went up a cramped passage, still linked by their hands. They had to treck single file. Castiel kept stealing glimpses at his omega like he was trying to work a difficult conundrum out, his eyebrows set into a deep furrow.
After lunch, Anna and Charlie appeared to pick him up, and they talked about what movie they could watch that night. They instructed Dean to stay in the chair for a couple of weeks. He could push himself, and Charlie said she would help. Pam had told him the intense healing took it out of the human body even if he were half-angel that part would not come to the surface just yet.
“My name’s Missouri Mosley, but you can call me Missouri. Now, what is a young boy like you doing out on a chilly night like this?”
“Sure, Castiel.” The angel walks away, but Pam looks on with concern. The boy needs his angel, not strangers. But she can’t tell him that, he will have to find that out for himself.
“Dean, listen to me.” Uriel conveyed in a calm voice, grasping the boy’s hand. “You and Castiel deserve happiness. I’m just an old angel with no heart. I have missed my chance, with a mate. I was a stupid fool.”
“Oh, you’re with commander Castiel. Then yes, we’re on the same floor. I have a larger room being with archangel Michael.” the boy smiled thinking he was something special.
Dean took them off his friend’s wrists and stuck them on his own. “You did great, my friend, take care of Kate for me.”
Castiel nodded and pulled Jada into her office to get him to put him in the system. Walking over to the elevators, he rode them to the top floor. Getting out, he got closer to Dean's room but was thrown with force on to his ass.
It happened on one rainy Friday morning. The clouds overhead scurried across the grey, monotonous sky in a hurry like they were late for an important date. The rain fell like a fine mist, causing visibility to diminish sharply.
“Yes, this is John Winchesters doing. Those boys; something was not right about the situation. That’s why I pulled back. Let me out Sami, please? I must do the right thing. If Dean or Castiel gets hurt…”
“Before the Lord could help, the wise woman the wickedest Fate of them all. They used to be four, but now there are two.”
“At least my brother’s safe, Deanna as well. I hope to get back in contact with her. Uncle Bobby will watch Sam. I hope they don’t feel all three are some bargaining chip.”
“I agree, you never know where that man’s lurking. Did you ever find out who continues putting money into your bank account?”
Mirror Dean rolls his eyes. “You wait for your command, angel. You always rush in; you need patience. Stuck in a room with no door. God, Castiel must be so disappointed in you. That's why he’s not contacted you.”
Dean wanders around the academy garden. A lot has happened, the seasons moving fast like sand in an hourglass — the warmth from the sun’s rays bringing out freckles on his tan face. The blossom on the tree has given way to the growth of fruit. Dean feeds the fish in the pond, glad he can still perform this, working here when he graduates. Suddenly, he can hear shouting; it disturbs his quiet thoughts. Turning to stride back into the agency. Stood with hand’s on her hips, fiery red hair ablaze with fury was Charlie confronting Castiel.
The angel behind the counter had red hair and frowned at John telling im to wait. The angel walks over to an array of doors on their far-right. The angel comes back five minutes later with another female angel. This angel has short brown hair and smiles at Dean, not glancing at his dad, which Dean finds strange.
Silver and made of Tungsten, the wedding band, shone brightly catching the lights of the shop. “So how complete this?” Dean questioned Beth.
“Let’s grab something to eat first.” declared Dean to the rest of the table, striding over to the kitchen. “I don’t know about you, but I want to be full because I have no clue when I eat next.”
Missouri patted Dean on the cheek and nods her head. The older woman makes her way to the downstairs bathroom. Bobby went over to Dean.
“So the next gate is in South America, Chile to be exact. The place is Salsipuedeses, roughly translated to ‘get out if you can.’”
They had no idea how it would end, in a flash, or progressively. They remained in the stone room after, staring at each other, wondering what to say and do. It’s not like they had a book on how you prevented the apocalypse. Dean suddenly glowed; it was a miniature light at the beginning near his heart, then it swiftly became bigger even the angels had a tough time gazing at him.
Dean found his marvel socks and then his dress shoes. If Castiel could get away with it, so could he. Grabbing the ring, he placed it into his dress pants pocket.  He shivered, and his breathing grew quicker. Suddenly he felt a warm sensation flood through his body and immediately felt calmer.
Sam smirked, nodding. “Castiel and I are going to search for a ring. Then we need suit’s.” Sam repeated his jobs to the others.
“Anyway, there are three Hell gates in the western hemisphere. One entrance is in Dead man’s Flats, Alberta, Canada.” Charlie informed them.
“Castiel, I know I come in I accept you warts and all. Or do you assume I was lying?” Dean folded his arms and narrowed his eyes at the angel.
There was a whoosh of wings, and Anna stood next to him, looking genuinely concerned. “You called brother. Is Charlie okay?”
“Castiel’s dealing with the mess in Heaven. Your agency leader and can override this. Grant Dean a HAG, you to be specific. Adam and Dean are friends it won’t appear odd if they spend the weekend together.”
“Yes, they do separate people and play mind games. It happens to the best of us.” Castiel reassured his friend.
Suddenly, the funnel cloud touched the ground and formed a mini-tornado. A powerful gust of wind blew through the cavern, and the angels had to shield their eyes. A loud high-pitched wail broke out and a brilliant flash of red-lit the cavern up, and the bats started hitting the ground with thunderous thuds, turning into ash on impact.
Hannah grinned at her brother’s lack of patients. “Of course, Castiel.” They strode down the blue corridor and up the green one. They knocked on the examination door. Dean was laying down again all washed up and smelling fresh, in white clothes, to denote his purity.
“No, honey your angel needs to sign off on the doctors’ orders, I will ring. Charlie go sit him down before he falls. Grab him some water on the way out.”
Dean looked down, feeling sad that only his ring would get blessed. Then he heard Gabriel say ‘I will’. Glancing up, he recognised the ring, the one he had brought for Castiel sat on yellow pages. Gasping, no longer holding back the tears, leaning into his angel for comfort and support.
“Who would put that much into your bank account, Dean? You had nine hundred dollars until a year ago, now you have three thousand.”
Mertha looked hard at the young Nephilim next to her. “All good things come to those that wait. Now, you need a nap. Go, shoo. I will tell the commander you’re to take care of yourself.”
“I hit a nerve.” John chuckled again, flicking the blade through his fingers. “This is going to hurt you, boy. Just like your momma. I can still kill a human with it.”
Dean narrowly escapes a murderous truck driver. And also a not so nice bus driver. In the end, he finds a nice hotel that could find his Uncle and baby brother for him.
“Following father’s orders is the respectful way, brother; he says we are to find human mates if we can’t find angelic.”
Dean heard the doors close with a hiss. The man pushed him back on the seat. Dean had no clue what to do; the space cramped. How could he fight? The bus started up with a roar, then it suddenly stalled — a screech and a bang sounded somewhere near the driver’s side.
Dean opened the door with blurry eyes. His hair mussed from sleep, scratching his belly. His sleepy green eyes were going wide when he saw Castiel stood on the other side.
Dean worked hard on his exams. His brain melted from overuse. The exams and tests continued for two weeks. There were intervals in-between, and he would sit out in the garden. Knowing the bullies had gone and he no longer had to look over his shoulder. Mertha gave him fish food, and he would swing his feet off the bridge and feed them.
Both Anna and Michael strode into the room. “What’s all this?” The three omegas erupted with shouts of shock, knowing something was going on.
Dean was the light to Castiel’s dark, the yin, the yang. The reason the Fates had given Dean Earth, he was human so would become corrupt to their plans. Castiel was an angel, so flourished in good. They could not tell the difference between evil and good. Strong and weak, the power of the Star bond to powerful to break.
Cassie, there are only two people that could do that. Jace and Hael. Can they be a mating match to one tormentor?”
“Okay,” Charlie muttered, more to herself than Joe. Her green eyes seem to sparkle with recognition. Looking at the book, she thumbed through it, gears in her head-turning. “Joe, stand guard, I need to read this, but I have an idea about what’s going on.”
“He was a means to an end. I needed to get you out of the way. Once I got the money, your dad owed me; I could carry on the plans I had for Sammy. Feed him my blood, and he would be the next King of Hell.”
“Please accept my humble apologies at my intrusion and congratulations on your mating.” Chuck clapped in joy at the pair’s news.
I got slightly carried away with this chapter. I did enjoy writing it. Thanks to my Pagan friends for the info on handfasting ceremonies. I hope it was a happy blend of human and angel traditions.
“Well, I can help with that. I had a meeting with the elders, and there is news.” Castiel stopped walking and moved Dean towards a chair so they could sit.
Gabriel waved his hand, and a room appeared with two cots. Shaking his hand again, they gently placed both angels on them. The angel blew his horn and strips of gold chains looped around their torsos, arms and legs, so they could not escape if they awoke.
“You can’t get anywhere without your pass. Your angel can revoke access.  How old are you, Dean?” the smaller angel asked.
“You’re, so beautiful.” The angel whispered the prayer into peppered brown blemishes on his mate’s skin. His black wings shook out of their dimensional bond. They arched high over the omega; feathers puffed out in a dominant display.
“You sent John?” laughs Castiel, his entire frame shaking with mirth. “That won’t work, not now, not anymore.”
Dean thought to himself, but he knew’ he was kidding himself. Searching the text. It was all about the Star Bond.
Dean turned around at the abrupt commotion and heard the cry of fear from his friends. Adam and Joe tried in vain to pull at the bars, but it was not good it trapped them. Castiel came over, but just as he was going to speak, they heard the thunder of running feet.
Dean put his arm on the other boys. “If Cas were here, I would tell him. Talk to him; this shit’s not fair on you.”
“You all have witnessed today the bond of words between Castiel and Dean. Will you help them grow as a couple? Help them in the highs and lows of their bond?”
“So, it’s fair that I could lose you? That I could lose my mate, just when I found him? Because you’re dying, that would kill me.”
Zad sighed and blew on his hands to keep them warm. He clicked his fingers, and the broken street light turned on behind them. “I never touched you, Dean, just called you names. My father placed me in there. He needed information on you.”
Dean turned and kissed his angel. Driving his hands through messy black hair, he opened his mouth to let his angel explore, and they both moaned.
“Your last test was for you to step away from John. To learn forgiveness. By doing that you let his punishment get tried by a court, not by your soul. Your soul would have become tarnished if you had murdered him that day.”
Dean closes his eyes, and suddenly his grasp tightened. In Latin, he started an exorcism. His chant grew louder and stronger and the demon struggled, but Dean held firm.
“Yes, my son did an exemplary job in deceiving you. However, I hope he’s apologised for his behaviour?”
“You need to perform your magic Hannah we have sufficient evidence to arrest Winchester. I will call Donna to pick up Sam get him to the hospital for checks. Donna could call the boys Grandma Deanna Campbell. Dean will be under the care of the angels; he will be okay.”
Hannah strode with purpose to the room where John Winchester was. Castiel and Jody sat either side of Hannah, not speaking a word, letting the younger angel deal with the situation.
Dean got dressed and did his morning routine, glad he had found this place. Walking down for breakfast, Aggie called him over.
Dean walked back to the human side of the agency before he turned to Amber’s desk. Mertha pulled him into a room by the entrance.
“Damn, yes, better walk over Dean. We’re there for you buddy,” Charlie said, grinning at her new friend.
There was a thump, and a noose dangled in front of Dean’s nose, reaching up to feel if it was real. Those dark olive eyes, virtually black, were facing him, challenging him to kill himself.
Dean’s first lesson on Monday was math, with a dark skin angel called Victorrie, but everybody called him Victor. The teacher gave him tests, finding he was at a college level, which pleased him. The next class was English. This time he did age-appropriate work, and they started on
Dean nodded, wished they could be just an average couple. “Sure, okay, I need to consider this. He can’t feel me, can he?”
“You’re welcome I will leave you both to talk. It was nice meeting you, Dean.” Francis bowed to Castiel and went out of the room.
Moving towards the second room, he discovered a medium size bedroom. There again was no window’s, but flush against the wall was a full white screen, there were controls on the side. Dean pressed them. There were several horizons scrolling along from New York to London. Though he realised it changed his wallpaper. Dean set it at on a rainforest, and an ambient sound of rainfall started.
Graduation and they all helped to make it happen. Dean and Charlie get a surprise. Castiel tries and talks to Dean but he won't have it. Castiel gets a shock himself.
Cam took him to the agency. The angel went off to work, knowing Dean would not traipse off. Dean grabbed Joe, Adam, Charlie, Kate, Flynn, and Harry to assist him. Michael, Anna, Gabriel, and Mertha were likewise on board.
Dean and the omegas flew through the halls and rooms and touched all of hell’s creatures, and they either shifted to dust or became human again. Some saved from their self-flagellation, some considered too damned. They found Gabriel’s garrison stuck in a time loop, but the omegas just touched the area, and they granted their freedom. Deans magic zipping through the walls, saving them.
Dean smiled for the first time since Uriel died and flung his arms around the angel’s collar. Castiel grabbed him and nuzzled his face into his mate’s neck.
Castiel moved again and narrowed his eyes, picking up the man in chains. John's legs dangled, he kicked them trying to get the angel to let him down. Castiel had a firm grip on his shoulder; blazing eyes drilled into the monster. “I would watch yourself, speak of him again like that, and I will show you how painful some of those injuries are, you inflicted on him.”
Castiel placed the bracelet around his wrist and secured it. “Thank you, Dean, this is wonderful. There is something you’re not telling me.”
Dean woke up and scrubbed at gummy eyes. He yawned and scratched his belly. Going for a shower to rouse himself, he got dressed. He’d been here for two days now and knew he must move on. There was a dinner called Marys very apt, he thought to himself. Knowing this was the day he had to leave. Having an ample breakfast, grateful for the money that Adam had given him, keeping him away from surveillance. Dean had texted his best friends informing them he was on the move, but not where he was. They would have to notify their mates, and he did not wish to put them in that position.
“Castiel, I think Dean would love to see you in your uniform. I observed how he looked at you at graduation.” Charlie giggled, and that set the rest of the girls off again.
Dean hooks his legs over Castiel's shoulder, and the angel holds him up. Licking the slick that’s leaking out, to discover if it tastes different to his boy’s oil, he probes with his fingers and tongue.
They both sat on the couch, the fire lit, and Castiel draped a unicorn rug over his mate to ward off the chill.
“Dean let’s put this on okay don’t worry, you will not leave this building with that man that’s a promise.” Hannah was trying not to raise her voice, not wishing to scare Dean.
“I’m not too sure why you give the bracelets, but it shows there is a tracker on Deans. The bad guys know where he is.”
Gabriel had chosen a three-tiered cake. The cake had chocolate fudge frosting with dark chocolate chips and a peppermint mousse. He could not wait to taste it, though he made sure Mertha had made pies. Knowing Dean loved them more than cake.
“Take it easy, Dean. We have brought your schedule, so read over it. It’s strict, but they feel it will benefit you for a while. Once you feel better, they will relax it.” Anna tells Dean, hoping he will stick with the plan and not act out.
Dean landed on the back road of the quiet town of Lawrence, near where his childhood house stood. There was a storm overhead, and the grey of the sky matched his mood. Folding his wings away, he walked until he could see the man that he once called dad.
“Yes.” shouted the boys were hugging each other. Castiel rolled his eyes but said nothing about the display of affection.
Mertha snorted. “They were fooling with you honey, he was born like that. Anyway, Castiel became a worrier and rose among the ranks. No one could beat him, well only Lucifer. They entrusted Gabriel with his care; he was protective of Castiel. Loved him, nurtured him, but likewise brought that fun side out that he lacked.”
Dean nodded, the choir’s soulful sound hurt his heart, but he stayed for his friends. He was nothing but brave he would not let them down.
I love AOBs but most the omega is the underdog. I wanted this story to depict that omegas were in fact awesome. I hope I have delivered that, in bucketfuls.
“May the blessings of the stars be with you.” Mertha took a quick hug from the boy she had grown to love and wiped a tear from her purple iris.
