John followed briskly, grabbing his own coat just in case. The weather had been starting to turn towards the autumn season and he didn’t really fancy getting soaked by another of Britain’s temperamental rainstorms. As they headed out, they shouted their farewells to Mrs.Hudson and Sherlock did his usual miracle of hailing a cab without any difficulty. John never bothered to try anymore, cabbies always seemed to ignore him, Sherlock however had a serious presence and could get people to flock to him at will. At the same time however, if the detective wanted to go unnoticed, he did. He was really a miraculous man, so tall and striking yet when he wanted to be, he could be utterly invisible and blend in with the crowds around him. Suddenly, John realized he was staring just a little and he looked away, taking a brief glance back before the cabbie pulled up. He gave the address and they climbed into the car before they were off. John never expected that a few hours later they would be running for their lives with a scorned drug lord screaming at them in Russian. Turns out, the murders were staged as a suicide but they were all due to a misunderstanding between the two rings regarding turf and dealers. The leader of the Black Plague gang had decided to get creative, leaving the other gang on the floor in a ring as homage to the well known nursery rhyme, ‘Ring around the rosies’. It was morbid to think that for all these years young children sung about the death of the hundreds at the hands of a plague that swept the nation, but that was hardly the concern now. As they bolted through the alleys, Sherlock running ahead, john found himself snapping back to reality and speeding up, only to be stopped as  the detective grabbed his hand and pulled him into a small broken crevice in the alley wall from where a derelict building was falling to ruin. The gap was small and they shuffled in before finding themselves pressed chest to chest, breathing heavily and listening to the sounds in the alley. John could heard him, the Russian, bolting full pelt down the alley as he looked for them. Looking up, John saw Sherlock was not looking at they alley, but at him, panting and smiling.
When Sherlock had marched himself into that bathroom, the last thing he had expected was for John to take control in such a manner, let alone to not simply claim him where he stood. From the past, Sherlock had never experienced anyone capable of restraint and patience. It was clear that John wanted him, the erection jutting up underneath the thin material of his pyjamas was more than enough proof of that, however he was holding himself back and taking everything at a far slower pace than anticipated. In his mind palace, he had predicted that upon his proposition, John would have had a moment of hesitation as always, before taking advantage of the change in Sherlock’s mind and shagging him senseless. Instead, Sherlock now stood with his back against the bedroom wall with John claiming his lips in a gentle yet assured kiss, his warm hands rested on his waist and their bodies pressed together. He was hardly about to complain, it was actually rather pleasant, but it was a little disconcerting. “I thought you wanted sex?” he blurted out, going a little wide eyed when he realized what had tumbled from his mouth.
It’s interesting what a simple chemical can do to a person, as soon as it enters the system it can do anything from shutting down organs to simply removing pain. As a person who had introduced many chemicals into his body, Sherlock was usually quick to recover from such a thing and sure enough, he began to wake at the sound of his flatmate’s voice. Groaning, he blinked a few times to clear the fog away from his vision and looked around hazily until the events from before flooded back to him. In a panic, he scanned the room, “John! John… he was here, he was…” the words stopped the second Sherlock saw the man, tied and bruised on the floor. His eyes flickered back to John who, upon  closer inspection was also bruised, various marks beginning to develop across his face. Moments passed and Sherlock put the pieces together before he noticed John’s hand was on his cheek. Reaching up, he placed his own hand over John’s, “Are you alright?” he asked, his voice slightly wary. He couldn’t process this, John had come back… he had come back and put himself in harms way yet again. Why? Why did he do this? Why did he protect him so much? It just didn’t make any sense.
“Wiggins, m’ boy, you have accomplished in but a few hours what all of Scotland Yard has failed to do all day. You are deserving of nothing less than a knighthood!”
Waving Abberline’s effusive thanks and apologies aside, Holmes took a protesting Watson by the arm and proceeded out the door.
Holmes rewarded him with a look of mock pity and patted him on the shoulder. “You will not go far in the Metropolitan Police, I fear. They must think you a dangerous radical.”
The “few days” turned into several more. It was late Friday evening before Holmes returned from the countryside, a glow in his cheeks and, for once, in good humor. He declined to go into the details of the case, however, and even refrained from telling Watson where in the countryside he had been.
Thicke said. “Lambeth Workhouse markings. The only personal articles found in her possession were a broken comb and a piece of broken looking-glass. She hadn’t a farthing to her name.”
“Only one, I’m afraid. Wait for the next murder.”
“Describe the man again, exactly as you heard our friend Dicko tell it.”
“Barely an hour ago, from what I gather. Fortunately the post office was at its most efficient. I’m thankful for that!”
The center of the room was taken up by several rectangular wooden tables, only one or two of which were bare. The others were draped with sheets of a rough material under which the lumpy shapes of cadavers reposed. Off to one side were a half dozen or so wicker baskets which at first glance in the dim light appeared to contain small bundles of dirty laundry. They contained the bodies of infants, the day’s collection.
“I have no doubt the author was telling us,” he said after a time, “that we are all capable of such a transformation. Or, should I say transmogrification? — such a wonderful word, don’t you think? — capable of it even without the benefit of a remarkable chemical potion; that we all, each and every one of us, have the capacity for good and evil — the capability of performing both good works and ill — and precious little indeed is required to lead us down one path or the other. While hardly an original thought, it is sobering nonetheless.”
Holmes ignored the sarcasm. “There’s no doubt in my mind about it. Give a young chap like that some decent schooling and he could make his way in the world.”
I have to inform you of the unfortunate death, on the 24th instant, of Dr. John Hamish Watson, an honored client of Cox & Company of many years standing.
Having completed his account, Wiggins stood quietly waiting for a reaction from Holmes, who said nothing at first but continued gazing up at the ceiling. Finally, he did speak:
“All the what?” queried Watson.
“There’s no sign of blood on it, you see,” replied Chandler. “And it looks like it has been in water for quite some time. Notice how supple the leather is. It would take quite a lengthy soaking to make it so. It may have been here for days.”
‘John, you were staring at me, why?’
John swallowed, his eyes had glanced across to Sherlock as he stretched and had landed on the obvious protrusion in his lap. He knew he should look away, of course he should but how could he? At that moment, all he wanted was to move closer to the detective, take the opportunity while his arms were up to straddle his lap, grab his wrists and pin him to the bed. He would kiss those lips with the hunger that rolled through his entire being, take the plunge and go all out. In a way he found it odd that he wanted that, after all he hadn’t exactly been attracted to a man in such a way in a long long time but now… Shaking his head a little in the attempt to clear his mind, he looked up to Sherlock’s panicked grey eyes and smiled,  “It’s alright, it’s all fine ok?” he said gently.
“I suppose… would that be an issue?” he asked, looking to John warily. From previous research he found that a lot of men actually quite liked being with a dominant male, John however didn’t exactly seem submissive.
Raising an eyebrow quizzically, Sherlock looked over John’s expression. For a moment, he noticed the doctor had gotten enraged but for the life of him he couldn't understand why. He knew that logically the rage was not directed at him, but if not him then who? Before he could think too deeply on the matter, John was asking him something and he had to pull himself from the entrance of his mind palace, now was not the time for deep thought. “If you would like to” he agreed, not overly enthusiastic about the concept. At least they had no cases at the moment, the new experience would kill time.
Shaking his head, the man gestured towards John with his hand, pointing at his chest, “Those too” he snapped, “Hurry up”. At first John didn’t know what he was on about but then he looked down and realized that he was wearing his dog tags. Reaching up, John took hold of them and glanced at Sherlock. This was the first time he had seen the other’s expression and he had to admit, it confused him. The detective looked like he was about to cry… he was slowly shaking his head in a silent ‘no’. John smiled at him softly and pulled the tags from his neck, the ping of the metal was audible in the stone cold silence that seemed to hang in the air around them all. Dropping the tags on the pile, John swallowed the lump in his throat and stepped away. Before he could speak again, the man practically threw Sherlock at him and John automatically wrapped his arms around his friend, protecting him as they fell to the ground. Apparently, John had hit his head when they had reached the ground because the next thing he knew, he was opening his eyes and Sherlock was calling his name.
(See the end of the chapter for
Usually when Sherlock decided upon sleeping, he would remain asleep for ridiculous amounts of time. He could sleep from anywhere between a minute and two full days, it just depended on the circumstances. For the most part he slept for a few hours at most which was why the sound of John in the kitchen at the crack of dawn woke him with ease. To be honest, any noise seemed to wake him since the incident, perhaps it could be described as his own form of PTSD. He hadn’t told John but he mostly avoided sleep these days due to shear stress. The amount If available cases had dwindled significantly and his interest in experiments had done the same. He actually found, especially when he was alone in the flat, that he was afraid in way to lose his mind into his usual research. Shaking the thought away, Sherlock listened intently to the clattering sounds coming from the kitchen. He could clearly hear the stove and a frying pan judging by the specifically light change it made when it contacted the hob. He could hear the cracking of eggs and the hiss as they made contact with the heat, on top of that there was the smell. John was obviously making toast as the scent wafted pleasantly up the stairs. ‘He never cooks a full breakfast’ Sherlock thought to himself, face betraying his thoughts as his eyebrows knitted together while he listened into his blogger's movements.
“Better?” he asked with a smug smirk. Seeing Sherlock like this was a whole new sight for John, the detective was laying beneath him with a stunned look slapped across his face. His cheeks were pink, his eyes were blown wide and his lips were slightly parted, like he had forgotten how to close them. Smiling just a little less smuggly, John climbed off of him and plopped himself down in his own armchair. Surprisingly, Sherlock followed, John went to ask him what he was doing but before he could do so, Sherlock straddled his lap and crashed their lips together again. It was a shock to say the least but John didn’t hesitate this time, oh no. Instead, he wrapped one arm around the detective’s ever so skinny waist to hold him steady and reached up with the other, catching hold of the back of Sherlock’s head and revelling in the soft gasp that fell from his lips. Taking the opportunity, John couldn’t help but nip at that plump bottom lip and the sound Sherlock made was something John never imagined he would hear. A moan. A soft and breathy moan, one that was far quieter than he had ever dared to imagine. He had always pictured Sherlock’s moans to be deep, enriched by his usual baritone but this… this was soft, delicate even, nothing like he pictured but John was by no means disappointed by what he heard. “Jesus Sherlock….” he whispered before claiming those soft cupid bow lips for the second time.
A regular date? I don’t think so. How does a Russian drug ring sound?
“I...I don’t want to sleep alone right now” Sherlock’s voice was different to usual, that deep and strong baritone sounded far weaker and it unnerved John just a bit.
Time for things to start moving, slow as it may seem. If all goes well, the pair can pick up the pace and see where things go from here.
Surprised by the lack of a rant, John blinked a few times and tried to make sense of what had just happened. ‘He agreed? Without having a go… what on earth...?’ Despite his mind attempting to make sense of the answer, John simply shook it off and grinned, “That’s great, how about we start simple… I’ll cook us dinner and we can watch a movie?” he suggested, hoping that they could roll into this relationship at a slow and comfortable speed. The last thing he wanted to do was to rush things, what good would that do at the end of the day? He had never understood why people always tried to rush relationships, a date or two then bedding the person just wasn’t the way to go about things in John’s mind, call him old fashioned but he had always strived to respect and cherish his partners, granted they never seemed to do the same for him. By this point he had been cheated and dumped more times than he cared to count. Reminiscing made his face crumple just a little bit but he recovered quickly and got up, heading to his laptop. The weekend was only a few days away and John knew that he wanted to impress but he couldn’t do that without a recipe.
John felt the breath he had been near enough holding in pour out and he made his way downstairs. That tension… it was strange. Normally Sherlock never seemed to respond to physical touch but for some reason this time, it looked like he had been shocked. Shaking away the thought, John set to work preparing breakfast, sighing when he saw the severed body parts sitting on top of the bacon pack again. Gathering a few bits and pieces, John pulled together a decent fry up and the customary cuppa before calling out to Sherlock. He waited as always, sitting by his plate so that they could eat together. It was one of the few things he insisted on as if Sherlock was left to his own devices he hardly ate a thing.
Sherlock climbed into the cab in silence and looked out of the window for some time, deliberating whether or not it would be a good idea to stay beside John. He had slept far better and been much more comfortable despite the lumpy mattress. His mind had been calm and his body had been relaxed. He had felt like it was the right place for him to be. After most of the cab ride was over, Sherlock turned to John and felt his heart crunch up a little as he realized John was sitting there a bit curled in on himself, he looked embarrassed and even slightly humiliated. It was only then that he realized that he had not verbally confirmed an answer and John must have taken his silence as a rejection to his offer. Sherlock reached over and put a hand on John’s knee, “John, look at me please?” he asked softly, realizing that the other man had been clearly spiraling in his thoughts for the entire cab ride probably mentally cursing himself for asking such a thing. “John?”
Holmes interrupted: “You speak of the murders of that Emma Smith woman last Easter Monday and, what was her name, Turner or Tabram, who was found a fortnight ago with, how many? — thirty-nine stab wounds?”
“Two of the men, it seems — a Jack Kent and a James Green, both of whom work at Bailey’s Yard just up the street: It’s a case-maker’s shop — saw the third fellow, an old porter by the name of John Davis who lives in number 29, come stumbling into the lane with his trouser belt in his hands. He was so upset and befuddled, they said, he could hardly get a word out. Finally he was able to make himself understood enough for them to realize that something was very, very wrong. So they let him lead them back through the passageway there and followed him right here into the yard.” Chandler massaged his chin. “Well, they took one look and ran, didn’t they? And that’s when they came upon me.”
He scratched an ear. “Well, as to that I don’t know. I’m no medical examiner and I don’t pretend to be an expert in that area. But I sent for one straightaway: the divisional surgeon, actually — Dr. Phillips. And of course I arranged to have a telegram sent to Inspector Abberline here, knowing he was in charge of the earlier murder that was just like this one — the Nicholls murder. And I sent back to the Commercial Street station for more men to cordon the area off and keep people out. And then — well, then I started my search for clues and such.”
to have been seen, in your words — that alone makes him the prime suspect? I should think that if he resides there, he quite possibly has legitimate business to be seen there.”
“That fragment of the envelope that was found near the body, bearing a regimental crest — the Sussex Regiment, I believe. Has any progress been made in tracking that down?”
“Da ‘ores, da ‘ores — you know, da lydies o’ joy, da prost-ee-toots!”
Inside the folder Mr. Jones found a thick sheaf of unbound manuscript paper, yellowed and somewhat brittle to the touch, the top sheet containing a dozen or so lines set down in a neat but spidery hand. Mr. Jones gasped, scarcely believing what he read. There were two names that seemed to separate themselves from the jumble of other words on the page and leap into sharp focus — two names from long ago. Both were remembered with awe, one with something approaching reverence, the other with utter horror:
This, then, was Wiggins’s story:
“What difference could that possibly make, Mr. Holmes?” asked Inspector Abberline.
They then lapsed into silence, each wrapped in his own thoughts as the hansom sped through the city.
Chandler agreed. “That’s my guess. Yet our men haven’t been able to find anyone who saw a stranger about. Of course it was very early in the morning and still was dark, and most people would have been in their beds.”
The first was an unopened
Abberline was the first to speak, making no effort to disguise the strong notes of skepticism and impatience that crept into his tone. “How can we possibly know it’s the killer’s, Mr. Holmes? It could have been anyone’s, and it could have been lying in that hallway for days, even weeks.”
“Well, it is impossible to say for certain, but if I had to choose, I would say the one on the right side of her face, this one here. It seems the bigger of the two.”
Watson did not know how long he remained at the bow window, how long he gazed unseeing at the passing scene beneath him, but the shadows in the street had lengthened considerably when a familiar, slight, unprepossessing figure, dodging through the traffic, caught his eye.
Holmes walked carefully around the body, barely glancing at it for the moment, devoting his attentions instead to the ground around it, scrutinizing every inch slowly and carefully. Apparently satisfied there was nothing to be found, he turned his attentions to the body itself, that of a plump, well-proportioned woman in her mid-forties, with what had once been dark good looks now ravaged by drink. The woman’s face, bruised and smeared with blood, was turned to one side, the tongue protruding slightly from between the teeth. Her throat had been cruelly sliced: The head was almost completely severed from the body.
“This is most disturbing,” Holmes murmured, shaking his head. “Most disquieting. I cannot credit it at all.”
“Oh, for heaven’s sake,” muttered Abberline, taking the object from Holmes, who then turned without another word and walked over toward the body.
Holmes pointed to the right side of the woman’s neck, just under the ear. “The point of entry, you think?”
“Good Lord!”
They had reached the front hall and were just inside the vestibule at the door when the sound of an arriving carriage caught their attention. The door flew open and in walked a figure that caused their heads to turn.
Abberline sighed heavily. “Look, Mr. Holmes...” he began, spreading his hands in a gesture of helplessness.
I call to your particular attention that at the behest of the late Dr. Watson, included in the document attached hereunto, none of the contents of this file may be publicly revealed until the year 2000, or until such time as fifty years shall have passed from the date of his death, whichever comes later.
Chandler removed his hat and scratched his head. “Well, yes, but I don’t really know if it has anything to do with this affair, you see.”
“Ah, a paragon, this Chandler, an absolute gem! I must meet this man.”
“That’s helpful,” Holmes said. He pondered for a moment. “You examined the fence?” he asked, taking the few steps necessary to bring him up to it: A low wooden wall, made up of rough boards crudely nailed together. It formed a border on three sides of the yard, the rear of the house itself forming the fourth.
There was a brief postscript at the bottom of the page:
“H’average ‘eyght, dressed like a toff, brown deerstalker ‘at — lyke I sees youse wear some-da-tyme — an’ a long cloak or coat, an’ ‘ee ‘ad a tickler and a —”
“Well, Mr. Holmes,” he said by way of greeting, “your prognostication was entirely correct. It would seem that you have your other murder.”
Gingerly, the body was eased onto the wheeled contrivance, covered with a scrap of canvas, and taken away. Holmes stood off to one side, looking on quietly. He then turned and started pacing up and down, deep in thought, his walking stick on his shoulder like a soldier’s rifle. The others observed him silently.
“As for the rest —” Holmes stubbed his cigarette out and continued: “That the man has a well-stuffed leather briefcase on the chair beside him suggests an engagement of a business nature. Why else would anyone bring such an encumbrance to a late evening supper? As for the engagement being with someone beneath his station...” Holmes sighed and gave Watson a somewhat patronizing look. “Really, Watson, this is getting tiresome. Obviously, our friends over there are wealthy enough to dine at the Ritz or the Cafe Monico. Why Simpson’s, as good as it is, with its simple English fare? Hardly what a wealthy American tourist or business magnate would choose unless he had good and sufficient reason to do so — such as not wishing to appear in a highly fashionable restaurant that caters to the
He groped in his coat pocket for his magnifying glass and proceeded to examine the woman’s fingernails, first the right hand, then the left. After several minutes he arose from his crouched position and shook his head. “Nothing,” he said, “not a thing. One would have hoped to have found a hair or a sample of blood, even a fragment of torn skin or flesh, but there is nothing!”
He stood looking down at the woman’s body for a long moment as if his gaze alone would extract the information he sought.
“‘Ave a flower for yer button’ole, guv? ‘Ave a loverly flower?”
“Watson, this is more in your line,” he said, gesturing toward the body at his feet. “I would value your opinion. In the meantime, I’ll just take a brief stroll.” He then wandered off, examining the ground as he went, like a man who had just dropped his last coin and would go without dinner unless he found it. Several of the police detectives exchanged looks. There were incredulous smiles on the faces of more than a few.
“A medical man, you think?”
With that he turned away a final time and marched briskly down the corridor, calling over his shoulder, “Good show, Aberdeen! Jolly good show!”
were still legible. There were also two medicinal pills wrapped carefully in a slip of paper.
The four of them, Holmes and Watson and the two policemen, were escorted directly and without ceremony to one of the tables located at the far end of the room. A lantern was brought and the sheet pulled back.
“We identified her from the stencilings on one of her petticoats,”
Holmes pulled the covering down farther, baring the woman’s torso.
Wiggins scratched the side of his head vigorously, causing Watson to hope that whatever was residing there did not become dislodged.
GHASTLY CRIMES BY A MANIAC
London’s popular press could be forgiven for indulging in sensationalism in this particular instance, for it was indeed a sensational occurrence. Victorian England had never experienced such a horrible, vicious crime. Such a thing was virtually unknown, unthinkable. Murders were indeed committed, but generally in connection with a robbery or as a result of a personal dispute. But rarely was the victim a woman, even of the lowest order. No Englishman would treat a woman so cruelly. If this kind of depravity existed at all, it existed on the Continent — in Germany or France or Italy. That was to be expected of foreigners, after all. But to have such a thing happen on home soil was simply without precedent. The public, highborn and low, was deeply shocked, and the popular press accurately reflected that view.
“Yes,” mused Holmes half to himself, “such an obvious clue would have been too easy.” He stroked his chin. “Nothing else, then?”
Wiggins’s shrewd eyes narrowed and he nodded his head. “Wh’ell, I t’inks I did. ‘Ard to know, but I t’inks I did.”
“Aye, h’at’s ryght.”
Having more pressing matters on his mind at that time, it was not until a number of months had passed and Mr. Jones once again had occasion to rummage through the contents of the safe, that the presence of the portfolio (and the Armagnac) came to mind. The temptation to open both came upon him, the portfolio because he was curious, the Armagnac because it had been a particularly arduous day. But one just doesn’t break the seals of a bottle of old and rare brandy on a whim or without proper occasion, especially since it had remained undisturbed in its sanctuary for how many years? Its very presence, though known to few, had become as much a part of Claridge’s as the marble and mahogany and gleaming brass of the public rooms, and though there was little likelihood of a rightful owner returning to reclaim it, or of some hidebound traditionalist writing an indignant letter to
Watson preened his mustache and stole a glance at Holmes. “Oh, elementary really. Nothing much to it when you have the knack.”
His voice trailed off and with a faint gesture of futility he let the sentence hang in midair. He returned to his chair and burrowed deeply into it.
“Forgive me, Holmes, but there is one thing I fail to understand.”
“Please make yourself comfortable, gentlemen,” said Holmes. “I see our Mrs. Hudson has provided you tea. May I freshen your cups? No. Well then, help yourself to cigars if you like. You will find them in the coal scuttle by the fireplace there. I won’t tempt you with a brandy or whiskey, seeing as you are still on duty.”
“Tell me,” he said quietly.
“I have been about totally frustrated is what I have been about,” Holmes shouted irritably. He emerged a minute or so later in his favorite dressing gown, and took the whiskey and soda that Watson handed him, nodding his thanks and sipping appreciatively.
“It is manifestly clear that the gentleman is waiting for another individual because of his repeated glances toward the door — anxious glances which suggest that the other party is not only eagerly awaited, but of no small importance to the gentleman in question. That it is one individual and not more is supported by the obvious fact (so obvious, Watson) that the gentleman and lady are seated at a table for four, and there is only one other place setting in evidence. These conclusions are all supported by the additional observations that the man and his charming companion — his wife, I dare say, from his inattentive manner — have yet to order from the menu despite being at table for some considerable time, and the wretched fellow is well into at least his third whiskey and soda — with ice, I might add,” he said with a slight curl to the lip, “further evidence he is an American, should any be needed.”
“What kind of mustache was it, did he say?”
“Ye must be daft, or think I am!” he said from his box, shaking his head obstinately. “I’ll not be goin’ there, not at this hour of the night. ‘Tis bad enough in the daytime!”
Watson was startled by Holmes’s response, his curt, even cutting response — and more than a little hurt. It was rare for Holmes to keep anything from him, to deny him at least a civil reply, no matter how delicate the question or ticklish or touchy the matter at hand. But more than that, his remark had been made in such an offhand manner, in a tone so aloof, so patronizing, that had it come from anyone else it would have been grossly insulting. As it was, Watson did take umbrage, did feel some resentment. Color rising in his cheeks, he looked down at his hands to cover his confusion.
“Was it turned up at the ends, or did it droop down?”
“I ran an eye over it, but I can’t say it’s been examined closely,” admitted Chandler. “You’ll have noted those bloodstains on the boards just above where she is lying, but there’s nothing else as far as I can tell.”
“Sir?” said Abberline, taken aback and clearly failing to comprehend.
Abberline was a soft-spoken, portly man with a high brow and heavy whiskers who looked and sounded more like a bank manager or solicitor than a policeman. He favored Watson with a quizzical look.
“A streetwalker?”
The day was waning, the shadows deepening, and Watson was dozing over the cricket scores when Holmes’s footstep was heard on the stairs at last. Watson awoke with a start as the door crashed open; Holmes cast him the briefest of dark glances upon entering.
Abberline said deferentially, “Good evening, Sir Charles.”
Abberline spoke up: “I have had a man examine the ground all along the fence on the other side, and there is nothing there either. No footprints, no sign of anyone vaulting over.”
“An’ he carried sometin’ like a Gladstone bag, but mebbe smaller, like wot I seen da doctor ‘ere carry some-da-tyme.”
he did not suffer gladly; fools he suffered not at all), considered Warren coldly: “I think, Sir Charles, that you should uncock that finger, unless you intend to use it.”
The long-suffering Mrs. Hudson, so used to their irregular ways and the odd callers Holmes received at even odder hours, shrugged in resignation and returned to her kitchen for her nightly glass of hot milk (laced with a circumspect spoonful of whiskey) before finally retiring, she fervently hoped, for the night.
Holmes nodded. “I assumed as much. I am not unaware of the stresses and recent changes that have been inflicted upon the CID.
“Rumors?”
“I will reserve opinion as to that,” replied Holmes archly. “Now, as to this sorry business, what can you share with me?”
Holmes shook his head. “No. We are finished here, I think. Let us leave this dismal place.”
“You are certain it was done by the same hand, are you?” Holmes asked, peering through the open doorway that presumably led to the site.
“Nothing,” repeated Holmes half to himself with a sigh. He then fixed Abberline with a keen, penetrating gaze. “Inspector, has it not occurred to your minions, whose foot sizes do them credit, that the very act of seeking out evidence can, if not accomplished artfully and with some care, obliterate that which they seek?”
“As if it were only yesterday.”
If nothing else, I shall enjoy the comforts
Thicke, from his place on the settee, nodded woefully in agreement.
“And you, I fear, are beginning to sound like one of those socialist fellows who are always stirring up so much trouble.”
“Yes, it was he who suggested that I come to you. You are known to me by reputation, of course — the assistance you have rendered to the Yard in the past is well known to us all, as is the fact that your unofficial status and your — shall we say, um, unorthodox methods — can sometimes bring about more satisfactory results than we in an official capacity can achieve.”
Off to the countryside for a few days.
“Great Scot, Holmes!” he shouted to make himself heard over the clamor. “Will you not tell me what has happened?”
“It would seem that for once our friends at the Yard are not alone in being confounded,” he said. “I tell you, this maniac, whoever he is, may just as well be a ghost as a living creature, for all the spoor he has left behind him. No one saw him, no one heard him, no one knows a thing! We have a murder without a motive — a singularly brutal murder, I might add — we have four people who came upon the victim within minutes, perhaps even seconds of the crime, we have only two directions in which the murderer could have gone, and we have nothing! Absolutely nothing!”
Holmes leaned back in his chair and closed his eyes, and the tips of his long, slender fingers came together in front of him.
“Observe, gentlemen! Our elusive phantom has taken human form. And it would seem that he has more than one disgusting habit. He smokes!”
“Oh, one t’ing more. ‘E was smokin’, da bloke was. A lydy’s fag.”
“In the meantime, I shall hold on to this for the moment, if I may,” Holmes said, tucking the cigarette carefully into an envelope he had taken from his pocket, and then into his wallet. “I believe it may have even more to tell us once I have had the opportunity to examine it at greater length and submit it to chemical analysis.”
One of the first official acts of Mr. Ronald F. Jones upon taking up his new position as director and general manager of London’s venerable Claridge’s was to inspect the contents of the safe in his office. There were two surprises.
“Come, Watson,” said Holmes, “I think a visit to Clarences would do us both a world of good, and then perhaps a soothing steam at Faulkners, if that meets with your approval. What say you, eh?”
“That’s not the whole of it, Holmes. Not by half.”
Abberline, who had visibly paled, searched his brain desperately for an adequate reply, for his career, he realized, was suddenly in great jeopardy. He had gone to Holmes on his own initiative, without the knowledge or consent of higher authority. He had violated the old adage among civil servants: “That which is not expressly permitted is expressly forbidden.” He had committed an unpardonable sin, and what was worse, he had done it stupidly: He not only acted on his own but acted without having anyone to lay the blame on.
“Well, of course we knocked on all the doors facing Buck’s Row and questioned everybody who resides in the vicinity, but most of them were asleep, or so they say, and heard nothing. But you know those people, how suspicious they are of the official police. They’re not likely to share any information with us, even if they did know something.” His voice trailed off. He was noticeably tired and was having difficulty organizing his thoughts.
Chandler shrugged and glanced around the yard. “Well, as to that, I don’t know. If I missed anything, it wasn’t for the lack of trying. But I’ve been all over this yard with a fine-tooth comb and haven’t come up with much, just a few of her poor possessions that were scattered about — and this.”
“My dear Inspector Abberline, my method is based upon the examination of such trifles. It has long been an axiom of mine that it’s the little things that are infinitely the most important. Whatever this ‘trifle’ may or may not tell you, it tells me volumes. It tells me that the man who smoked it is someone of substance, a gentleman of refined tastes with the wherewithal to indulge them. It tells me that he was present at this location less than twenty-four hours ago, probably less than twelve. It tells me he was in somewhat of a hurry, for he took only two or three puffs. And that he tarried at all to do even that tells me that he is addicted to tobacco and is no doubt a heavy smoker. I would venture to say that he knows the district well and is no stranger to it, otherwise it is unlikely he would have found his way to this particular doorway off this particular street by sheer happenstance. It is, you will agree, a rather unsavory address and a good bit off the beaten path. Shall I continue?”
“Yes, that’s right. A more thorough job was performed later at the mortuary. The light was so poor in the street, you see. Only the one gaslight on the corner, and the constables’ bull’s-eye lanterns. Don’t know how he could have done more under the circumstances.”
“And the fact of his being seen in the vicinity —
He made as if to continue on his way, but stopped short and spun around on his heel. “And who are these gentlemen? Who are you, sir? And you? Who are you and what is your business here?”
Holmes looked up sharply. “A quarter past five?” he asked. “You say he was certain of that — most precise?”
After leaving the mortuary, despite the lateness of the hour and lack of light, Holmes had insisted upon a visit to the scene of the crime. As anticipated, the visit was unfruitful. Holmes could do little more than ascertain where the body was first discovered, and “take the lay of the land,” as he put it. Buck’s Row, where the body had been found, was much like any of the other mean streets of Spitalfields, a narrow, gloomy passageway lined with rows of ramshackle tenements smelling of rotting garbage. One end of the alley let out into Baker’s Row, the other into Brady Street.
Abberline removed a pocket notebook from his coat and flipped through the pages, finally coming to the section he was looking for. He cleared his throat.
Holmes waggled a finger. “We must not guess, Wiggins. What we need is hard information. Now, tell me, did you or any of the other lads find anyone who actually saw anything? Someone who, for example, may have run into this, this ‘Dark Annie’ person in the streets before she was murdered?”
But if he found the notion sobering, it was not for very long. He was in particularly buoyant spirits, having just the previous day brought about a successful conclusion to the amusing affair concerning Mrs. Cecil Forrester. And if his hawklike features seemed even sharper than usual, the cheekbones more pronounced, the piercing eyes the more deepset, it was due to an unusually busy period for him, one of the busiest of his career, when case seemed to follow demanding case, one on top of the other, with hardly a day between that was free from tension and strenuous mental effort. Though the pace had taken its toll insofar as his physical appearance was concerned — he was even thinner, more gaunt than ever, and his complexion a shade or two paler — it did nothing to sap his energy or weaken his powers. It was obvious to those who knew him — Watson in particular, who knew him best — that he not only thrived on the activity, but positively reveled in it, was invigorated by it. As nature abhorred a vacuum, he was fond of saying, he could not tolerate inactivity.
“No effort has been made to search the streets for more of these cigarette samples? None of your men have attempted to question cabbies? Nothing has been done to seek out the man whose identity I described to you?”
Watson nodded. “Yes, of course.”
The questions came in rapid-fire order and were delivered at something approaching parade-ground decibels, apparently his normal speaking voice. “From the Home Office, are you? I knew it! I can spot you bloody Home Office wallahs a mile away! Well, I won’t have you snooping around here with your striped trousers and effeminate ways! I won’t have it, d’ya hear! Don’t be bothering my officers with a lot of damn fool questions! They have better things to do with their time, or should, by gad!”
“Good night, old fellow.”
Watson could restrain himself no longer at this admission. “What refreshing candor from a Scotland Yard man,” he said, smiling broadly. “You are to be congratulated, Inspector. You fellows usually show great reticence in admitting half as much.” He gave Holmes a wink. “Something to do with this Whitechapel business, I would wager.”
After only the briefest of glances at the terrible sight, Holmes looked around him with an almost casual air, scanning the yard and the surrounding rooftops as if the dead woman were incidental. The sense of urgency and extreme excitement that he exhibited all the way from Baker Street was now nowhere in evidence. Instead, he displayed a cold, analytical air, calm and self-contained, almost disinterested.
The story that Wiggins now laid before them could, for all intents and purposes, have been given in code or some foreign tongue, for his cockney accent, heavily laced with the slang of the streets, required intense concentration to decipher, at least on the part of Watson, who more than once was tempted to stop him to get clarification. But he let the boy tell his story uninterrupted, knowing full well that Holmes, with his thorough knowledge of a wide range of regional accents and dialects (and his uncanny ability to mimic many of them), understood him if not always perfectly, at least adequately.
“A perfectly marvelous, gruesome experience,” observed Sherlock Holmes brightly as he and Watson wended their way through the crowds streaming out of the theater into the gaiety and glare of the gaslit Strand. “I cannot thank you enough for insisting that I accompany you this evening, Watson. Rarely have I been witness to a more dramatic transformation of good to evil, either onstage or off, than our American friend has so ably portrayed for us.”
This time, Sherlock was the one who leant against a nearby wall, “The man is long gone at this point John, I can wait.”
Sighing, John gave Sherlock’s shoulder a gentle squeeze before shifting away to the other side of the bed, “Alright, I’m here if you need me. Goodnight Sherlock” he murmured, closing his eyes and trying not to overthink things. It was a good job he was exhausted because before even a few minutes could pass, he was fast asleep. It’s interesting how sleeping in different situations changed the way someone could sleep. When John was alone, he usually slept lightly and frequently suffered from nightmares of the war which woke him in a cold sweat. When he had slept with Sherlock cuddled close, he slept more peacefully than he had done in years… tonight however, nightmares plagued him however this time it wasn’t the war. It was Sherlock. Flashes of Sherlock in danger seemed to reel through his mind on a loop starting from the day John saw him and the cabbie with pills to their lips right up until that thief held him at gunpoint. However, in this dream… he pulled the trigger and as soon as that happened, John sat bolt upright with a cry, spinning to look for the detective who was looking at him. Slowing his breathing, John rubbed his face and groaned, “Christ… I’m sorry” he said, laying back down and trying to will his heart to slow down to a regular pace.
Turning to John, a little confused by the sudden contact, Sherlock tilted his head and though momentarily on the question. A date? It was a simple enough concept surely, but in his mind it seemed like a complete waste of time. They had been living together, working together, doing near enough everything together for years now. They had been thought he plunders and plights of life including everything from his own faked death, John’s marriage and divorce, Christmas with the families and even simple things such as dealing with being stuck in a cab during rush hour. Why would they possibly need to go on a date? Before he opened his mouth to relay this to John, he noticed something strikingly obvious, John was nervous. It took a moment to compute but then it snapped into place and without a moment's hesitation Sherlock nodded, “That sounds nice” he said with a small smile. Uncharacteristic as it was, Sherlock knew that if he had gone on his usual tirade about how pointless things are, John would have been hurt and that was far from the goal here. He knew that dates were a customary way for people to begin an intimate relationship and there was no  way he could possibly deny John the experience, even if he was uncomfortable with the idea. For once, it was his turn to sacrifice his comfort for John.
Taking advantage of Sherlock’s lack of witty remarks, John repositioned himself so that he was now kneeling between Sherlock’s legs. Looking down at him, John couldn’t help but gawk just a little bit. The detective was absolutely beautiful, laying there with his lips pink, his cheeks flushed and his eyes wide. Every bone in his body was screaming at him to just take Sherlock there and then but he knew that wasn't what he really wanted. Instead he leaned forward, claiming those lips yet again all the while reaching down and gently rubbing at Sherlock's clearly interested crotch. A gasp came from the brunette and John backed up for a moment to look at him, despite the sound Sherlock didn't look in any way afraid, quite the contrary, he looked more enthusiastic that before. With a smirk, John began to palm rhythmically at the solid bulge beneath the fabric, a small sense of pride coming to his chest as he watched the reactions he was causing. The sight of Sherlock biting his lip to hold back the moans that were clearly threatening to escape was amazing and it only drove John to lose his composure just a little bit and let loose.
Familiar streets and landmarks flashed by in a kaleidoscopic blur as the daylight grew stronger, and the relatively few pedestrians at large turned to stare in alarm as the coach hurtled past: Oxford Street into Tottenham Court Road into High Holborn into Newgate, past the towering dome of St. Paul’s into Cheapside, Cornhill, Leadenhall, Aldgate — their progress from the West End of London to the East End was made in what must have been near-record time. It ran the course not only of the city’s streets but of its social and economic groupings as well, for while the two ends of London were mere miles apart geographically, they were poles apart in every other aspect. Their journey took them past mansions and palaces of the titled and wealthy, the sedate homes of the merely affluent; past shops filled with finery and all manner of delicacies, through lower-middle-class neighborhoods, shabbily genteel, into poor working-class districts, grimy, grim, and colorless.
The mortuary, located in Old Montague Street, was but a short walk, but it is a walk into a London few respectable Londoners even knew existed. The area of the East End known as Whitechapel, though in close proximity to the lofty sacred precincts of St. Paul’s, is a low and hellish place, and the few adjoining acres called Spitalfields, which they had now entered, is the lowest level of that hell. No more than a quarter-mile square, the darkened narrow streets and alleyways of Spitalfields contained the worst of London’s slums and the very lowest form of humanity. It had been fifty years since Charles Dickens had described the district in
(See the end of the chapter for
“Alright, come on then” John said, shifting to the other side of the bed and sliding under the covers. He watched as Sherlock thought for a moment before copying, curling up and shifting closer to John. At first, he didn’t know whether Sherlock was just getting comfortable but after a few moves, John shifted over and wrapped his arms around the detective, moving so the brunette’s head was rested on his chest, “It’s alright” he breathed, running his fingers lightly through the other’s curls. For a moment, Sherlock seemed to freeze up, but then he relaxed in to the touch and soon enough wrapped his arms around John’s waist and started to doze off. Looking down at the detective, John found himself smiling softly, Sherlock really was beautiful when he slept. He was quiet, still and peaceful, looking as petite as a porcelain doll. It was then that John realized he hadn’t bothered to put a shirt on, for a second he was embarrassed but then he closed his eyes, it hardly mattered now. What mattered was that Sherlock was safe in his arms.
Sherlock, I was at work. Are you alright? -JW
“How does a supposed mass suicide of a known drug ring sound?” John practically chirped.
“I know Sherlock. Trust me I do. Now come on. There’s a fry up with our names on it!” John chirped. The man of his dreams, a good morning blowjob and fry up… what more  could he ask for?
“He hit you, earlier. It’s bruising” Sherlock mused.
(See the end of the chapter for
John had retreated to his room and pulled on a pyjama set of his own, clambering into bed and feeling nothing but sheer joy after the events of the evening. This could definitely work out. Soon enough he heard Sherlock’s knocn and his voice… odd, usually Sherlock would simply barge into his room. He decided not to over analyse it and called back, “Come in”. When he saw Sherlock step in, A small half-smile rose on his lips and he lifted the bedding beside him, patting the mattress with his free hand, “Come on you”
Sherlock got into the bed expecting to feel some kind of unease at least at first, but there was none. He looked over to John who had now laid back and had one arm extended to his side, clearly waiting for Sherlock to cuddle up to him for the night. Smiling, Sherlock laid down in John’s arms and rested his head on the other’s shoulder. “Goodnight John” he said softly, closing his eyes.
(See the end of the chapter for
Granted, Sherlock didn’t burst out laughing however he did smile fondly at the doctor before clearing his throat and turning to Angelo’s, “Shall we?” he asked, gesturing towards the establishment. He knew it was irrational but he usually hated waiting around for no apparent reason, it was certainly a waste of good time… normally. Interestingly enough he found that when he was in the presence of John Watson, nothing ever seemed to feel that way. He just couldn’t put his finger on why things were different with him… A personal case. One which he would be more than happy to take on.
I was very enthusiastic to continue the story so here is the next chapter. Hope you enjoyed BAMF!John  :)
Thanks for reading :)
Sherlock needs time to process
John thought about it for a second and nodded, it made sense, “Alright, mind if I go lay down then?”he asked, not wanting to be too presumptuous. He knew it was illogical considering they basically just agreed to share a room for however long it would take to have that criminal behind bars… but it was Sherlock’s room so John felt it best to ask.
“Come on then” John near enough chirped, heading towards Angelo’s with a spring in his step. He always enjoyed eating out with Sherlock, it was a much more cheerful situation and it gave the detective something to do other than shout at the TV in their flat as he deduced the end of the programme before the ten minute mark. Noticing the detective striding after him, his long slender leg as allowing his to catch up in seconds, John rolled his eyes and opened the door, “After you, my dear” he said playfully, even going so far as to bow ever so slightly. Watching for a reaction, John got more than he bargained for when Sherlock froze for a split second, his lips parted in shock as he tried to process what had just changed so suddenly within their dynamic. John was obviously teasing but still he realised  it was a rather sudden change and Sherlock was now apparently glued to the spot. “Hey… I was joking, you know how Angelo thinks we are basically married at this point?” he explained, looking awkwardly at his feet and hunching over a little as his eyes fell to the ground, “Sorry” he mumbled.
One step closer to the edge, just how close can they get before they fall?
John's anger gets the better of him but it never lasts long does it?
“Losing me?” Sherlock murmured, contemplating what John had said, “What on earth do you mean?” It didn’t make sense, why would John be concerned about his absence. It wasn’t as if John couldn’t cope without him, he had coped for years when Sherlock had to disappear to dismantle Moriarty’s network. Granted he was a little worse for wear but he had found himself a partner, moved out and all sorts. So what would the issue be if he were to die? Wouldn’t John just get on with life as he had done before?
(See the end of the chapter for
“You? Sherlock Holmes? You’re hungry?” John asked with a raised eyebrow.
Smiling softly, John put his own hand over Sherlock’s and nodded, “Sounds good” he said before getting up and heading to the kitchen. He couldn’t wait to find out where things would go from here but he was confident that they could make this work somehow. It was them after all
“It was done with a very sharp instrument,” Watson continued, “a thin, narrow blade. I would say that it was done with great strength, a vigorous stroke. Yet the man knew what he was about; there is no frenzy, no wild, misaimed slashing indicated. The wound at the throat is very precise, and the cuts here and here (he pointed with a finger) are well calculated. But that’s the least of it.” He inhaled deeply. “As you can see, there are frightful mutilations of the abdominal region. She’s been virtually disemboweled.”
“She be identified as one Mary Anne Nicholls,” said a gravelly voice from the shadows, that of a mortuary worker. “Polly Nicholls, she be called, forty-two years old, mother of five, prostitute. Only known address be a doss-house at number 18 Thrawl Street.”
Holmes looked at him with hooded eyes. “Then the area was not cordoned off?”
“Wiggins!” barked Holmes sharply. “You must knock before you enter!”
“Why, so I did, Wiggins, so I did; and so you didn’t. But in the future you need not take my instructions so literally as to forget the niceties.”
Mrs. Hudson was waiting for them just inside the front vestibule by the staircase landing when they entered, but Holmes rushed past her with barely a nod, bounding up the stairs two at a time.
So since I dont have to work today, heres a new chapter for you all. I hope you like it
“Holmes? Holmes?” bellowed Warren, making it sound like an accusation. “I thought you said Home Office!”
Conversation between the two old friends was minimal, even monosyllabic, but there was nothing awkward about it or strained, merely a comfortable absence of talk. Small talk was anathema to Holmes in any case, but the two had known each other for so long, and were so accustomed to each other’s company, the mere physical presence of the other was enough to satisfy any need for human companionship. Communication between them was all but superfluous in any case, their respective opinions on almost any subject being well known to the other. And besides, throughout most of the meal Holmes had his face buried in one or the other of his precious newspapers, punctuating the columns of type as he scanned them with assorted sniffs and grunts and other sounds of disparagement occasionally interspersed with such muttered editorial comments as “Rubbish!” “What nonsense!” and, for variety’s sake, an occasional cryptic and explosive “
Holmes threw back his head and laughed. “But it is so very simple. As I have told you often enough, one has only to take note of the basic facts. For example, a mere glance will tell you that this particular couple is not only wealthy, but extremely wealthy. Their haughty demeanor, the quality of their clothes, the young lady’s jewelry, and the gentleman’s rather large diamond ring on the little finger of his left hand would suffice to tell you that. The ring also identifies our man as American: A ‘pinky ring,’ I believe it is called. What Englishman of breeding would ever think of wearing one of those?”
Wiggins cocked his head to one side and gave Holmes a funny look. “Come again?”
“Yes, that’s right, just a few minutes after. When I came upon the scene, the entry into the passageway — that door opening out onto the street — was open and a crowd was already starting to gather, but not one of ‘em would dare step into the yard proper, they were that frightened. That you can be sure of. Like everyone, they’re curious about dead bodies, but not up close they’re not.”
“It would seem,” he said finally, laying aside the last of the journals with a final grunt of annoyance as their coffee was served — “It would seem that our friends at Scotland Yard have their work cut out for them.”
“No, Inspector,” he interrupted, quietly and matter-of-factly, “I am
Watson bestirred himself and crossed over to the tantalus and gasogene as Holmes made for his room, removing his suit coat.
Holmes jumped up from his chair and began pacing in front of Abberline’s desk. “Of course, of course, that must be it! How stupid of me for not realizing it sooner! For, after all, there cannot be another soul in all of London who also wears a leather apron: Not another cobbler, or butcher, or slaughterhouse worker, not a collier, or farrier or smithy, or hod carrier, not a surgeon or iron worker, or, or... I fear I am running out of occupations! Help me, someone!” He threw up his arms dramatically as if in entreaty and spun about. Then, leaning over the desk with anger in his eyes, he glared directly into Abberline’s face.
Holmes brooded for a minute before answering, then shook his head violently as if to rid himself of depressing thoughts. “My next step? Why, a good wash-up and dinner! If I am not mistaken, that is Mrs. Hudson’s footfall upon the tread, and she most assuredly is accompanied by a leg of mutton, if the smells emanating from the kitchen are to be credited. And I, dear fellow, am famished!”
“Does Abberline give any details?”
“So you couldn’t have come along too much after the act had been committed?”
“Yes. She’s apparently well known in the vicinity. Her name is Annie Chapman or Annie Siffey — most people know her as Chapman. ‘Dark Annie,’ they called her. As you know, it’s not unusual for this class of woman to be known by two or even more surnames: They often adopt the name of whatever bloke they happen to be living with at any given moment. At this particular moment Dark Annie was living without a man, and she had no permanent address, but she usually dossed down right here in number 29.”
“My word,” whispered Watson.
“‘E said it wore a milit’ry mustache, but da lyght was bad an’ da bloke tried to ‘ide his face, an’ Dicko, ‘e din’t get a clear look. But it wore a milit’ry mustache, that much ‘e could tell.”
Finally Abberline spoke: “Is there anything else you wish to see?”
Holmes’s mouth twitched. He bore no small amount of respect (and if the truth be known, affection) for this enterprising survivor of the streets, and despite himself, the scowl on his face gave way to an indulgent little smile.
He paused. His voice sank to a hoarse whisper. “She’d been gutted, Mr. Holmes, gutted like a fish!”
“Well, never mind,” he said quietly, feigning a nonchalance he did not feel. He looked over his shoulder at Holmes with a puckish little smile. “I mean, after all, it’s not as if you refused me the name of your tailor.”
Sherlock Holmes. Jack the Ripper.
Thus their ignominious departure from Scotland Yard.
Watson followed at a more leisurely pace. “A good evening to you, Mrs. Hudson. Apparently we have callers. How good of you to see to their comfort. Thank you so very much indeed.”
It was a thought that appealed to that small part of him which was French, and he left the carriage smiling, leaving Watson to wonder why.
“Oh, he did, did he?” Warren said. He cast an angry glance in Abberline’s direction.
“Your men have already searched the street, I perceive,” said Holmes to Abberline somewhat coldly.
Holmes and Watson were in a hansom bound for Scotland Yard within five minutes of Wiggins’s departure, somewhat more than a shilling gracing the young street arab’s voluminous pocket. The treasured cigarette butt, encased in a glassine envelope, was tucked safely into one of Holmes’s.
Several of the policemen in the group looked at him with undisguised astonishment, more than one concluding that he had taken leave of his senses. But Abberline and Chandler rushed to his side and peered closely at the flattened cigarette stub he was holding in his fingers. Holmes took out his pocket magnifying glass and examined the object with something approaching ardor.
Abberline looked miserable. Clearly, he could marshal no argument in the face of Holmes’s assertions, and made no effort to try. He clasped his hands together on the desk and held them tightly. Holmes stood there, exasperated, looking at him.
“Huh?”
“It would seem that we are making spectacles of ourselves,” he said dryly to no one in particular. “Perhaps we should adjourn to a less public place.”
Holmes nodded. “I doubt if he made his escape this way. He must have used the passage and walked right out through the door, calm as you please. A cool fellow, this.”
As he came closer to the pair, the man made an effort to hide his face, an act which called attention to himself all the more, resulting in Dick’s being somewhat more observant than he would have normally been. He was dressed as a gentleman, a “toff,” as Dick described him to his listeners in the pub. He wore a deerstalker, probably brown, and a long dark coat, and he carried a small satchel of some sort, made of shiny leather or a similar material. He was of average height and he had a mustache. The two words Dick heard him speak confirmed he was a gentleman because the words were spoken in a cultured, upper-class accent.
Watson emerged from his bath wrapped in dressing gown and towel to find Holmes, still occupied with his chemical apparatus, hunched over the cluttered, acid-stained deal table in the corner, test tube poised over Bunsen burner, totally oblivious to the pungent odors issuing forth from his efforts. He had been thus engaged since their return from Whitechapel over an hour earlier, hardly pausing to remove his suit coat, which was still draped untidily over a chair where he had flung it. When Watson returned from dressing ten minutes later Holmes was gone, a thin blue layer of haze the only sign in the room that he had been there at all.
“And the two of you tracked mud in last night,” she charged as she exited the room, closing the door on the last few words of her parting sentence. “All over the stair runner, it was!”
“Would it be presumptuous of me to ask who this suspect is, Inspector?” There was a slight edge to his voice.
“It was like this,” Abberline said finally. “Dr. Llewellyn returned to his home to get a few more hours of sleep and his breakfast, while the body was stripped and prepared for autopsy. This was done by two inmates of the workhouse to which the mortuary is attached — two regulars, I might add, who have often performed the same service and are well acquainted with the correct procedures: a Robert Mann and a James Hatfield,” he said, referring once again to his notebook. “The lads earn an extra bob or two lending a hand, as it were. You know, doing the dirty work.
He spun on his heel again and once more started for the inner corridor, only to halt in mid-stride and return a second time. He pointed an accusing finger at Watson. “You are not Home Office! What do you mean by suggesting that? What are you, journalists? Too damn well turned out to be Fleet Street chaps, I should think! Seedy bunch of fellers, all of them. Who are these people, Aberdeen?”
“Last night in Simpson’s — you recall?”
But Holmes did not reply. Instead, he gazed pointedly up at the ceiling, and for a moment Watson wondered if he had even heard the question. Finally Holmes drawled: “I think it would be best, old man, if I kept that knowledge to myself.”
“It was just after six, you say?”
Holmes looked at him quizzically from across the table, an amused smile on his thin lips. “Murder! Murder most foul! Really, Watson! Surely you are not so completely unobservant that you failed to take note of the cries of the news vendors as we left the theater. The street is fairly ringing with their voices! ‘Orrible murder in Whitechapel,’” he mimicked. “‘Sco’ln’ Yard w’out a clue.’”
Abberline’s predicament became clear to Holmes in an instant. He jumped in quickly. “My presence here, Sir Charles, has to do with the Whitechapel business. I have been following developments closely and have some theories about the case that Inspector Abberline reluctantly — though I must say, politely — agreed to listen to.”
“Oh.”
“Quite so.”
“No, not really. Nor am I surprised someone is here. H-Division, in all likelihood.” Without a further word of explanation he bounded from the cab, his eyes bright with anticipation, leaving Watson to settle the fare and follow.
A REVOLTING MURDER
Without further preamble the police inspector quickly presented him with the salient facts. It did not take him long, for the facts were threadbare and few. The body was found in a rear yard by a lodger, a yard located behind the building they now faced. It lay there still.
“So there was no search of the area for a weapon or footprints or anything at all that could have been tied to the crime?” Holmes asked.
“The handkerchief? That’s Inspector Chandler’s. He was first on the scene.” Abberline went over and carefully lifted a corner of the handkerchief. Beneath it, neatly laid out in a row, as if part of an elaborate ritual, were two brass rings, a few pennies, and a couple of farthings. “Hers, probably,” he said. “The rings were apparently wrenched from her fingers, the coins taken from her pockets. Chandler left them just as he found them.”
Holmes turned up the lamp on the side table and tore open the flimsy envelope. A mere glance at the telegram was all that was needed.
“No, ‘e said ‘e din’t. ‘Is ‘at were pulled down.”
Watson gave him a sidelong look. “Very well, Holmes, I will nibble at your lure. Pray explain yourself!”
Looks to be an interesting little matter.
, I’ll wager. He knows what he is about.”
“And you say this encounter took place at the end of Dorset Street where it joins with Commercial Street?”
“As far as we can tell,” said Abberline, “it had no connection with the murderer. It was the woman’s apparently. She probably picked it out of a dustbin somewhere and used it to wrap some tablets in, some medication she picked up at the clinic. We’ve established she appeared there the previous day complaining of feeling ill.”
Abberline and Thicke both peered at Watson with expressions bordering on admiration.
“Three or four? You know that with certainty, do you?”
“Nice button’ole, sir? Take some nice daffs ‘ome for the missus?”
“Damn me, but that’s observant of you, Doctor!” Thicke exclaimed. “Your powers of observation are most impressive.”
“Formal attire would usually be a last selection; an everyday frock coat or ‘Prince Albert’ and more casual garments for traveling and for weekend country wear would customarily be the first, second, and third choices.”
Watson took a deep breath. “Well, Holmes, it’s at least as horrible as the other. More grotesque, if anything.”
Holmes, who derived no small amount of personal satisfaction from the boy’s display of intelligence and initiative, was unsparing in his praise of the boy, whom he was beginning to look upon as a protégé, of sorts. “I tell you, Watson, he could go far with the right sort of education.”
“Yes. Well, we didn’t have a clue for either one of those homicides, not a single clue. And not a reliable witness either — one that would come forward, in any event. At first we thought some soldiers from the nearby Tower garrison or the Wellington Barracks were responsible for the Tabram murder, because the wounds appeared as if they could have been made with a bayonet. And we even made some arrests, but the two lads we had as suspects turned up with ironclad alibis and we had to let them go. And now this... this latest one.”
, good form and Mr. Jones’s integrity demanded the bottle be returned undisturbed to its place of rest. Besides, if the truth be known, he was really partial to cognac.
Watson, for one, devoutly wished that he could not, for the coach was swaying alarmingly as it was; he could keep his seat only with the greatest of difficulty: His hat was knocked askew at almost every turning, and he found himself gripping the side strap so tightly that his hand hurt from the pressure.
It was a wild dash through the nearly empty streets of a gray-streaked London, the clatter of the horse’s hooves loud against the cobbles, Holmes banging on the ceiling of the hansom cab with his walking stick, urging the driver on to even greater feats of recklessness. Fortunately there was little traffic at that hour to impede their progress.
Though scarcely effusive with praise, this was an astounding admission coming as it did from a professional police officer, and it was one that was obviously made with some difficulty. Holmes enjoyed every word of it, but his facial expression betrayed none of his feelings. While hardly a modest man, it would have been foreign to his nature to gloat, yet he was far too forthright to indulge in false humility. He merely nodded politely, then shot a warning glance at Watson, who seemed to be having difficulty containing himself.
The topmost document was a letter, a sheet of heavy foolscap yellowed with age, bearing the logotype of Cox & Company, Charing Cross, London. It was dated July 30, 1929, and was addressed to Mr. Elwyn Anstruther, F.R.C.S., Harley Street. At first reading the brief contents were uninteresting, disappointing, a dry and formal communication from banker to client.
Abberline paused to wipe his brow with a handkerchief taken from his sleeve. Holmes and Watson waited expectantly, not making a sound. Only the ticking of the clock could be heard, and the hiss of the gas lamp.
So here is chapter four, finally had the time to write again so here it is:)
Abberline nodded, sighed deeply, and began:
Holmes shrugged. “Me for my bed, gentlemen. There is nothing to be learned here.”
Won’t allow meat or fish at his table. Not even an egg for breakfast! God, what I would not do for a good thick cut of roast beef. Is it too late to dine at Rules, do you think? Oh, I see that you have been at table already. Pity, that. Well, perhaps tomorrow, if you have no other engagement. Yes, Rules tomorrow: something to which we may look forward!”
“Yaas,” Holmes drawled, the single word heavy with sarcasm. He examined his fingernails. “The wealthy American couple, just come over from Paris on the boat-train without their servants. He’s in railroads, in the western regions of the United States, I believe, but has spent no little time in England. They are waiting — he, rather impatiently, anxiously — for a third party to join them, a business acquaintance, no doubt — one who is beneath their station but of no small importance to them in any event.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Mass suicide of a known and  successful drug ring, that seemed unlikely. Sherlock felt his interest peak but then he curbed it and looked at John, tilting his head and narrowing his eyes slightly, “I thought you wanted to have a date today?”
The day dragged on uneventfully as John had expected, Sherlock had come out of hiding eventually and went straight into normal bored-mode. Part of John wanted to talk about what had happened but then again, they didn’t do that, did they? They never talked about anything meaningful unless it somehow related to the case they were on at the time. So why would this be any different? There had been no news on the man who had come into their home, no knocks at the door from Mycroft or his minions to tell them it was safe again, no nothing. John sighed, he wanted to grab his laptop to blog and check his mail but realized very quickly that he didn’t have it anymore. “Sherlock? Can I use your laptop?” he called from his chair in the living room, scanning around for wherever the detective may have left it this time. For a man who had an organized mind palace, he sure as hell never organized anything else in his life. The living room always made it look like they had been raided or something along those lines, paper and books and evidence from the Yard lay littered all over the room and he knew somewhere under one of the precarious piles would be what he was searching for.
John laughed at that, hugging Sherlock just a little tighter, “It is technically but it’s a good consequence, it means that somehow, you’ve given me a chance to be with you and...well I’m honored” he admitted, releasing the detective and stepping back to give him some space. “How about we go find that killer and then head home eh?”
“Look… I’m your friend and I will be here if you need me, remember that.” the doctor said calmly, holding Sherlock who was clearly distressed as he spaced out in his mind. Soon enough he let him go and stepped back, “How about we go out for dinner tonight? Get away from here so we can clear our heads?” he suggested.
I know you are angry but it’s not the time. -SH
Thank you for reading!
“I do. But you're not the sort of man who will just sit back and relax for the day, are you?” he asked with a small smirk.
“Oh my god… Sherlock… you are something else… you really are” he said between chuckles. When they had first met John found he could never understand even half of the comments the mad detective seemed to make, his comments were always harsh and inappropriate then, now however, John knew exactly what he was life and he found it hysterical. He managed to bring his laughter to an end and tilted his head, looking over the detective for a second before speaking, “You eat more like a cat… You are fussy and will eat as and when you please with no exception to the rule” he said thoughtfully, trying not to start laughing again when he imagined Sherlock as a grumpy sleek black cat.
“You don’t need to ask. Just know I’m a cuddler... “ he said playfully, “You may wake up with me wrapped around you. Just pry me off or wake me if you find it uncomfortable ok?” He said as he went off to grab his pyjamas. One thing he would admit if only to himself, he would certainly miss sleeping alone for three distinct reasons. The first was down to the night terrors he regularly suffered. If they did come to play him up, he would feel horrendous for waking Sherlock and showing him that side of his psyche. The second was he would be unable to sleep naked as the warmer weather approached but that was a small sacrifice. The last reason would be because he would no longer be able to lay down and get himself off on will. That last one may seem slightly pathetic, but he knew that at the end of the day he was going to be spending every single night pressed up against the man he had come to love over the years… not sorting himself out was going to be more than difficult. Groaning quietly, he shook off the thoughts and got changed, making sure to wear a shirt this time around before he headed back to Sherlock’s room.
“Apparently we need to do that every morning then” John chuckled, getting to his feet and holding out his hand.
Taken aback by Sherlock’s question, John drew in a breath but before the nerves could take over, he calmed himself. He knew the detective had an odd way of working but this was different, this was his own uncertainty and disbelief. Over the years, all people had ever done to him was put him down, call him a freak, tell him he was incapable of love and being loved by another. It was all utter bullshit and anyone with a brain knew that, but John knew, after all that time the small comments would have taken root in that brilliant mind and caused unspoken amounts of damage. Sighing, John stepped a little closer himself and took Sherlock’s hand in his, squeezing lightly, “Sherlock, loving a man like you isn’t easy like it is in the movies. You are a pain in the arse, you destroy the kitchen and my things on a regular basis, you piss off criminals that try to kill us at least twice a month, you drive me absolutely crazy but guess what? I can’t live without you. When you left, it was like I died too. You’re back now and I’ve been too quiet with all of this. My biggest regret when I watch you fall that day was that I never had the guts to tell you just how much I love you and when that asshole broke into the flat and I saw the gun to your skull… I felt that regret again. How could I live with myself if I never got the chance to tell you just how special you are to me? Just how much I care? How beautiful and amazing you are? You are my other half, you have been for years. I know you don’t do this sort of thing, I get it, but I just had to show you… I had to say…” He trailed off, eyes falling to the floor as the relief flooded over him, followed by embarrassment at how in depth his admission had become.
Tilting his head, he tried to catch John’s gaze but the other man was being stubborn. Backing up, he shrugged, “You aren’t a superhero John, but you do a hell of a good job of it. He’s alive, remember that.” he said before heading into the flat.
Nodding, Sherlock looked up at John and smiled, “What did I do to invoke an emotional attachment with someone like you?” he murmured more to himself than anything else. As usual, John smiled in return and Sherlock made sure to take in every little detail like he always did. When John smiled, it was more than just a movement of his lips to display his inward joy, it was a gesture that had a chain effect from his face to his body.It started with the slight curl at the edge of his lips which usually blossomed into a full on grin. Laughter lines formed by his eyes and he always tilted his head ever so slightly.  He always relaxed his posture a little, comfort and happiness showing in the way his muscled slackened just a little bit. The main part of John’s smile that Sherlock always noticed however, was the gleam in his eyes. When John Watson smiled, it was as though the world could smile with him.
“I love you too”
A few hours into his shift that day, John had managed to calm himself down. He knew it would be better to deal with the issues they had later but then he got a message: ‘Case. Come home. -SH’ He stared at the screen in utter disbelief, not even thinking about replying. Normally John was not an easy man to irk, but after the built up frustration of late he couldn’t bring himself to respond. Setting his phone aside, he continued reading the patient file in front of him but before long, his phone beeped again, ‘It’s urgent. -SH’ Rolling his eyes, this time John put his phone down, screen flush to the desk to avoid distraction. A few more minutes passed before another message came, then another and another until John simply grabbed his phone and popped the back cover off, relieving the device of it’s battery before shoving the whole lot in his desk drawer. It was odd really, originally John had been so protective of Sherlock, he had hated being away from him and wanted nothing more than to have a cozy and loving relationship with the only man he had ever loved but right now he just couldn’t be that way. He was tired of constantly being brushed aside and used after all of the drama which lead them to be together. Apparently this wasn’t going to just be a sweet love story like the movies for them. Granted he would still give his life for Sherlock, that would never change, but he couldn’t bring himself to leave his job just to rush home and be lectured on the in’s and out’s of a case before watching the brunette bolt away as soon as he got an idea. In all honesty he had never mentioned it but he was walking on thin ice with his job at the moment anyway. Due to his absence on such a regular basis he had been issued a formal warning.
“Oh… That would be nice, yes.” Sherlock spoke slowly, thinking back to the nights they had spent together and cringing a little bit when he remembered his back. Shaking it off, he smiled and removed himself from John’s lap, “I’ll be there in a few minutes” he stated before heading to his room to get changed. He knew John would most likely see the state of him plenty of times in the future, but he just didn’t want to ruin right now with his past. With that in mind, Sherlock pulled on a pyjama top and matching bottoms before heading to John’s room. When he got there, he went to walk in but paused, relenting to social politeness and knocking instead. “John?” he called.
Sherlock shook his head, “How can I possibly do my thing with no one to talk to?”
The expression on Holmes’s face was grim, his features strained. “For God’s sake, cover her up,” he said, his voice almost a whisper.
“I am not totally surprised,” said Holmes laconically.
Holmes turned to Abberline. “Has an identification of the victim been made as yet?”
Holmes, who was fastidious in his dress and surprisingly fashion conscious, and the possessor of an extensive wardrobe now that his success permitted it, allowed a slightly patronizing tone to color his reply.
Watson stood up and massaged the back of his neck. “There’s not much more I can tell you at this point. As I say, the autopsy may reveal more. But one thing’s for certain — one thing I have no doubt of whatsoever.” He patted his pockets for his cigarette case. “He would seem to have no small degree of anatomical knowledge. He’s no stranger to
“Oh, no great mystery, really. The man’s suit of clothes is obviously Savile Row from the cut; custom made from good English cloth. It is not new. Ergo, he has visited our blessed plot before, at least once and for a long enough stay to have at least one suit, probably three or four, made to measure.”
“No,” he said disgustedly. “To what purpose? He has nothing, poor fellow. God knows he is trying hard enough. A good man, that — far better than most.” High praise, coming from Holmes.
“However did you know that? You never did tell me.”
“Here, Watson, we will never get a cab in all this. Let us make our way to Simpson’s and wait for the crowds to dissipate.”
Welcome to the first chapter of this story. I hope you like this one, let me know what you think.
The first gray light of dawn was filtering through the window draperies when Holmes finally climbed into his bed, his once-immaculate evening clothes an untidy pile in the corner by the dressing table. No sooner had he pulled the covers over his shoulder than there was a light tap at the door and Watson stuck his head in.
“You have been back to Spitalfields?”
“A tickler — you know, a mustache.”
He led Holmes over to a cold water tap in a corner of the yard. Nearby, on the ground, lay a leather apron, saturated in water.
“I have spoken to police constables, publicans, ladies of the street, missionaries, derelicts, teamsters, and jarvies, and just about everyone else you could think of short of the lord chancellor, and for all the good it has done me I might as well have frittered away the day as I see you have done.”
He paused and tugged at an ear. “But of late there has been something new, which is why we” — he nodded toward Thicke — “have been temporarily assigned to the East End, along with a dozen or so other chaps. During the last several months there have been a rash of murders that are distinctly out of the ordinary, that don’t fit the usual pattern — unusually vicious crimes, all committed with a knife, all perpetrated against women, and all of the women being ‘unfortunates,’ as they’re called — common prostitutes with hardly a copper coin to their names. In other words, Mr. Holmes, these murders don’t appear to have any motives, none at all. They appear to have been committed for the thrill of it! The sheer bloody thrill of it, if you’ll pardon my language.”
Here is a new chapter before I go to work. So i started rewatching some shows on netflix and sherlock is one of them and again I noticed that i dont like the first episode xD
Dick did say he passed another woman coming from the opposite direction at the very same time, and that she also would have seen the man Annie was with and could confirm the story, but Dick had never seen her before and didn’t know her name.
“This, I think, you will find of some interest,” Holmes said to Abberline, handing him the small glassine envelope. “It was discovered a short while ago at a location where the Chapman woman may have last been seen alive. It, in all probability, belonged to the man with whom she was seen, the very same man who may have accompanied her to number 29 Hanbury Street.”
Holmes yawned. “Oh, that. Why, I overheard him say so, old fellow.”
Holmes shook his head approvingly. “It appears you have done well.”
“Well, ‘e sez it were a wery ‘igh collar, stretched out lyke.”
“Excellent!” said Holmes. “You are to be congratulated. Is there anything else?”
“You’ve been unable to discover the origin of the cigarette?” asked Watson.
Holmes plopped himself down in his favorite chair, crossed his legs Indian fashion, and gazed into the empty fireplace. “I have been to Spitalfields, I have been to the district police station, I have been to the local settlement house, to the local workhouse, to several doss-houses, and even to a few ‘houses of joy’ would you believe?”
Abberline took the proffered chair and waved away the offer of tobacco while Thicke gratefully resumed his place on the settee, teacup still balanced precariously, and peered over toward the fireplace with a bemused expression, no doubt trying to fathom why any sane individual would want to keep his cigars in a coal scuttle.
“Of course it is in all the newspapers, as I am sure you have noted. The sensational press are falling all over one another in their efforts to report the events, and there is scarcely a street corner in London that isn’t emblazoned with a news vendor’s broadsheet upon which the word
Holmes gazed out at the passing scene and shrugged. “Yes, well... even they cannot always be completely wrong.”
“Forgive me, dear chap,” he said at last, “but we are in very deep waters here, and it would not do to jump to false conclusions and bandy names recklessly about, even in the privacy of these rooms. I could be on a false track, there could be any one of a number of explanations for that cigarette to be where it was. I must ask you to bear with me for the while until, until...”
Holmes leaned forward in his chair with anticipation, his eyes glinting fiercely in the light of the table lamp.
“Guess? Dear chap, I don’t guess. Just look at the two of you: Your boots and trouser bottoms are covered with mud — that distinctive brownish-blackish muck you will find only in the mean streets of the East End. A spattering of the stuff is even on the upper legs of your trousers and on your hats over there. You must have been crawling around in it half the night, noses to the ground, I shouldn’t wonder.” He snorted. “Obviously called out to investigate the murder of that poor woman, eh?”
“When did it occur?” he shouted to Holmes as he resettled himself in his seat after a particularly wild swing around Oxford Circus. “Does the telegram say?”
“Now, look at the bruises here on the face, on the side of the jaw, and on the other side as well. What does that suggest to you?”
The second was a thick leather portfolio, also very old and once very fine, with the initials
Holmes looked at him with new respect. “I see I’ve not misjudged you, Inspector. An astute observation on your part, one that most would miss.”
“Of course we questioned everyone who lives in the alley,” Abberline said. “No one saw or heard anything, which is what you might expect them to say — to us, in any event. Although Thicke here is well known by the locals, and is probably trusted by them more than most of us. They would talk to him if to anyone.”
“Why, it suggests that our assailant was left-handed, Inspector. It would be quite natural for a left-handed person to grab his victim with his right so as to leave the dominant hand free with which to wield the knife.
“Wh’ell I begs yer pard’n, I’m sure, guv,” he said, his words weighted with exaggerated sarcasm, “but yer did tells me not ta tarry, an’ I din’t, did I?”
Watson pushed back his hat and went to work.
“You’ve enlisted the aid of the Irregulars, I see,” he called to Holmes.
“Yes, I see.” He looked around him. “She probably led the way through the passage from the street and he took her unawares as they entered the yard.”
“You were expecting someone at this late hour?”
“Really, Holmes, you exaggerate,” Watson replied defensively. He was both hurt by Holmes’s sarcastic rebuke and just a little annoyed.
Abberline shook his head and looked up, meeting Holmes’s gaze finally. It apparently took some courage for him to do so. “He is known in the area as ‘Leather Apron.’ He habitually wears one, you see. He is a cobbler or boot finisher by trade.”
“Holmes!”
“Good God!” exclaimed Watson.
authority.” With that, he turned away, leaving the two policemen with jaws agape.
The leather portfolio was more easily explained. It had been left in the care of Claridge’s management by a gentleman who had been a permanent resident for as long as even the oldest staff member could recall. He was a retired surgeon by the name of Anstruther who, being a childless widower and the last of his line, had no family, and being quite elderly, had outlived all of his friends and contemporaries.
Holmes knelt down and examined it. “What makes you think it’s not related?” he asked, turning it over with his stick. It was the kind of apron a butcher would wear, or a worker in a slaughterhouse.
Watson, well used to Holmes’s eccentric ways, resolutely ignored him, content to occupy his time by idly observing the passing scene. The captain and waiters, on the other hand, could not ignore him: An untidy pile of discarded newspapers was piling up at his feet, and they were in somewhat of a quandary over what to do about it. Holmes, of course, was totally oblivious to it all.
There was a portion of a handwritten address, but only the letters
Several theaters seemed to be emptying out at once along the Strand, and the street was rapidly filling with even greater throngs of gentlemen in crisp evening dress and fashionably gowned women, their laughter and chatter vying with the entreaties of the flower girls and the urgent cries of the newsboys working the crowd.
“I dare say. And what can you tell me that I would credit?”
Watson sniffed. “You’re talking rubbish, Holmes: Ineffable twaddle. The poor are poor because they’re deserving of nothing better. They could rise above their station if they wished. Indeed, some have done so successfully. But those who choose to live like animals do so only because they are animals. No amount of education is going to change that.”
Warren’s eyes blazed. “Well, I can tell you, sir, you are not wanted here! I have heard of you and your so-called scientific methods, and it is pure humbug, sir, that’s what it is — codswallop and humbug! Consulting detective, indeed!”
“A medical kit bag?”
Holmes bowed politely. “I would suggest, gentlemen, that you might gain some profit in having your men scour the streets between here and the major thoroughfares around us for other specimens of this cigarette. I should pay particular attention to street corners normally frequented by cabbies. It is possible that our friend hailed a hansom at some point; it is most unlikely he would have ventured far on foot. We may find he has left us a trail to follow.
“No, not all that far. A short stroll away; a half mile, perhaps.”
An awkward, embarrassed silence fell between them, and Holmes rose from his chair and moved about the room. Such moments were rare in their relationship, but they did occur, as they are bound to in any relationship, no matter how friendly or close. Clearly Holmes regretted his abrupt manner; was distressed, disconcerted by it. If he could not share the information with Watson, whom he trusted above all others, and whose feelings he would not hurt for the world, he should at least provide him with an explanation.
Watson went there at once, where he retrieved the note Holmes had left for him. It took a moment to decipher the hurried scrawl:
milling about up ahead.”
With a flick of the tails of his coat, Holmes plopped himself down in his favorite chair and tented his hands in front of him. “Now, pray tell me how I might be of service.”
“Ah, we are almost there,” he said at last. “If I’m not mistaken, there’s a bevy of ‘bobbies’
Even though they had been forewarned by Abberline, the extent of the mutilations to the woman’s lower body was horrifying. Holmes and Watson had both seen many corpses over the years — Holmes had been a student of anatomy with what Watson once referred to as “an accurate but unsystematic knowledge” of the subject, and Watson, as an army surgeon, had beheld many terrible wounds — but neither of them had ever seen anything like this. Nor had the two veteran police detectives, if the tightness around their mouths was any indication.
“I nearly forgot. Has this hallway not been examined? Yes? Well, I take it no one shall mind if I have a look. Inspector Abberline, would you be so good as to order one of your men to fetch some bull’s-eyes?”
Still, Watson was glad to have been able to entice him away from Baker Street for a few hours of diversion and relaxation. Left to his own devices, Holmes would have been content to remain behind, indeed would have preferred it, cloistered like a hermit amid his index books and papers and chemical paraphernalia, the violin his only diversion, cherrywood and shag his only solace.
He pulled out his wallet from an inside pocket, removed a slip of paper, and handed it to Holmes. “I found it lying on the ground right near her head. It isn’t much, but it might tell us something.”
Holmes raised his eyebrows but said nothing.
It was a fragment of a bloodstained envelope bearing a regimental crest and postmarked London, 20 August 1888.
“‘Ere! Do ‘at mean I don’ get me shillin’, then?”
“Murder! Another foul murder in the East End! ‘Ere, read the latest!”
Holmes bowed slightly. “Actually, I said nothing at all, Sir Charles. But nonetheless, good evening to you.”
He smiled. “Merely a harmless eccentric, I believe. But I am not alone in my views. Many of your methods are winning growing acceptance by my colleagues, among them Inspector Abberline here. Oh, we are scoffed at by some of the older chaps, the so-called graybeards, who have little patience with scientific detection. But the younger ones that are coming into the department now are more open to new ideas, so please, Mr. Holmes, don’t tar all of us with the same brush.”
It seems that Mr. Anstruther had little faith in banks, having lost a sizable part of a large inheritance during the Great Depression, and no trust in the legal profession, upon which he blamed most of the ills of the world (“First, kill all the lawyers,” he was fond of misquoting Shakespeare). Therefore, he chose the strongbox of Claridge’s, which he considered the second safest depository in all of England. Banks could fail, Britain could lose her Empire, but Claridge’s? Claridge’s would remain unchanged, untouched, untroubled for as long as that other great monument to the English race and Western civilization, the Tower of London. And since its vaults were otherwise occupied, Claridge’s safe would simply have to do.
The windows looking down into the yard had filled with curious faces throughout the morning as the sky had brightened. Obviously, an opportunity was not to be lost, and entrepreneurial spirits among those who owned the buildings had been doing a brisk business renting out places at the windows to journalists and the morbidly curious, including several who, one would think from their shabby appearance, could put their shillings to better use. Holmes suddenly became aware of their presence for the first time. He stopped and looked up in annoyance, and then swiftly turned and made for the passage leading to the street.
“Which provides me with scant satisfaction,” said Holmes tersely. “The particulars, if you please.”
A deep gash, starting in the lower left part of the woman’s abdomen, ran in a jagged manner almost as far as the diaphragm. It was very, very deep, so deep that part of the intestines protruded through the tissue. There were several smaller incisions running across the abdomen, and three or four other cuts running downward on the other side.
“Holmes!” bellowed Warren again, a spark of recognition appearing in his eyes. He lowered his head menacingly, his mustache quivering. “Not that so-called consulting detective feller, are you?”
“Nevertheless, I would like a quick look. Some light if you please.”
When he finally did speak some little while later, it was in a quiet, subdued manner, his words hesitant, uncertain — so uncharacteristic of him as to cause Watson to look over in surprise, his attention gained as readily as if Holmes had shouted.
Chandler nodded in agreement. “No question about that. Living here, she no doubt knew the yard well and probably used it with her men friends more than once. As for the ground around the body, I examined that straightaway, as soon as there was light enough to see by. And there was nothing, I assure you, not a sign to be found.”
“It would seem that several organs are missing.”
Abberline looked at him open-mouthed.
“You have as good a chance of being right as wrong,” responded Holmes, “inasmuch as there were only two ways our man could have gone.”
The remainder of the afternoon was spent with the newspapers, which were full of the Whitechapel murder and fairly screamed with the horror of it all. The leader in
Watson put down his cup with a clatter. “Really, Holmes!
At that point there was a clatter in the passage and two uniformed constables entered the yard, wheeling a litter. Abberline acknowledged their presence and turned wordlessly to Holmes, a questioning look on his face.
“I should be both eternally and internally grateful for a good stiff one, if you would be so kind,” he said. “The day has been entirely fruitless.”
“And he saw nothing else?”
The sky had brightened considerably in the meantime, but still the day promised to be a drizzly-gray one. Visibility was such that it was just possible to make out distinctive features of the buildings they hurried past. Holmes leaned forward expectantly in his seat, peering onward.
But it was not to be. It was shortly after seven A.M. when the two of them were awakened. There stood Mrs. Hudson on the landing, in robe and slippers and old-fashioned mobcap, the unmistakable uniform of a telegraph boy behind her in the shadows. “Most urgent it is, the lad says. Is it bad news, do you think? Oh, heavens, it must be at this hour!”
“Calm yourself, Mrs. Hudson, dear lady,” Holmes said, patting her on the arm. “Back to your bed now, and mind the stairs. No, no, don’t trouble about breakfast. A shilling for the lad, Watson, if you would be so kind. Make it two, seeing the earliness of the hour.”
“Quick, Watson, into your clothes! The devil’s afoot!”
Chandler smiled grimly despite himself. “I’m somewhat of a student of your methods, Mr. Holmes, and realize the importance of leaving things undisturbed as much as possible until a thorough search has been made for clues.”
“Have I indeed? Your problem, dear chap, as I have had occasion to remind you, is that you see but do not observe; you hear but do not listen. For a literary man, Watson — and note that I do not comment on the merit of your latest account of my little problems — for a man with the pretenses of being a writer, you are singularly unobservant. Honestly, sometimes I am close to despair.”
“H’ats ryght. Lyke the kynd youse and the doctor ‘as on,” he said, pointing to the high starched collar that Holmes was wearing. “But unusua’wy ‘eigher, lyke ‘e ‘ad a wery long neck.”
“Do I? Do I indeed? Well, let us try a little test, shall we? Take, for example, the couple sitting at the table to my left and slightly behind me. You’ve been eyeing the young lady avidly enough during our meal. I deduce that it is the low cut of her gown that interests you, for her facial beauty is of the kind that comes mostly from the paint pot and is not of the good, simple English variety that usually attracts your attention. What can you tell me about the couple in general?”
“A cigarette?”
The jarvey, jaw firmly set, pulled up in front of the Whitechapel station of the underground railway, near Brady Street.
, lurid as it was, was more restrained than some, and far more accurate than others:
The ride was not a very long one, the East End of London being separated from the West End more by birthright than distance. It is a squalid, miserable place, a place not so much where one lives as survives, but not always and never easily.
Watson, after a while, got up to shut the window. He felt chilly all of a sudden. Holmes had always shared his confidences with him, even in the most sensitive of cases. If he felt he could not confide in him in this matter, it must be very, very serious indeed: Far more serious and sensitive than anything Watson could think of. He remained at the window, gazing out at the street below.
“Oh, yes — part of the time, at least. But for all that, the people we questioned who knew her said she was a decent sort.”
“A cursory examination, you say?” asked Holmes.
Holmes smiled ruefully and rendered Watson a little bow from his chair, then turned back to Abberline.
Watson paid him double the fare anyway.
The policeman’s attitude changed at once. “Mr. Sherlock Holmes? Yes, indeed, sir! This way, sir. Mind your topper goin’ under the rope. Bagley! Escort these gents to Inspector Abberline, then report back ‘ere. Smartly now, none of yer dawdlin’! An’ do up your butt’n, for God’s sake!”
“Upturned or drooping?”
There was a man in one of the local pubs, The Britannia, in Fish Street Hill, who maintained he saw Dark Annie at around 5:30 that morning, shortly before her death. Wiggins was unable to learn the man’s full name, but several of the other patrons of the pub called him “Dick” or “Dicko.” Apparently he was a regular at the pub and was well known in the neighborhood. Wiggins said he seemed very upset over the killing because he knew Annie well and claimed to have been a friend of hers. As a result, he was somewhat the worse for drink, and his story was rambling and disjointed and not always completely coherent.
“What’s this, what’s this?” said the general loudly, peering from face to face. “Oh, it’s you, Aberdeen. Carry on, then!”
At a loss for words, the two policemen shook their heads. They both seemed considerably chastened.
At that, John frowned and moved over, putting a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder and ignoring the slight flinch that greeted him. “Hey… of course I am going to concern myself you idiot. You’re my best friend, I care about you and how you feel. C’mon, talk to me?” he asked softly, smiling in a way that he hoped would be reassuring. He knew Sherlock could be rather stubborn, especially when it came to talking  about how he felt but after so long of dealing with this madman, John knew he wanted to talk really, even if he didn't show it.  There was always something swirling around in those big brains... It was jsut a case of working out what exactly was bothering the other so that they could deal with it together.
Sensing the desperation, Sherlock put an arm around John carefully and pulled him in to his chest just as John had the night before, “Relax” he said in the most soothing tone he could manage, using his free hand to run gentle trails up and down John’s back, “Go back to sleep John”.
Sherlock found himself getting lost in the kiss. His mind went nearly blank and his eyes fell shut at the feeling of John’s tongue against his own. It was somewhat astounding that the blonde has this ability to simply rob him of his thoughts and attention, but he wasn’t going to complain about it. Instead, Sherlock reached up to cup the slightly rough side of John’s cheek and used his free hand to run up to the back of John’s head, pulling him in a little and gripping the short hair there. Time seemed to fade away but before he could comment on it, John backed away a little. Sherlock went to protest this but the next thing he knew, John’s lips were against  his neck and a moan escaped him before he could even think to suppress it. The contact sent sparks of electricity through his system and he arched slightly off of the bed. There was a certain spot on his neck that felt remarkably sensitive and he knew John had noticed this because he went over it a couple of times with soft kisses before all of a sudden he bit down and sucked the area, bruising it lightly. The sensation was indescribable, it sent shocks through Sherlock’s system and caused his cock to harden even more so than it had before. “John…” he gasped, fingers tightening in the other’s hair.
Thank you so much for sticking with it, I hope you enjoyed the developments.
“3, 2, 1…” the detective whispered, then there was a crash as the man clearly lost his patience and smashed a nearby window.
After a while of sorting through all of the emails, John looked up to see which ones he should alert the detective on and came to realize Sherlock was watching him. That was certainly an uncommon occurrence, Sherlock seldom even looked in John’s direction when they were speaking, sometimes he could even leave the room and put a balloon in his place and somehow the other man wouldn't even notice. Most people would probably have thought nothing of it and gotten on with their day but for some bizarre reason, John found that he couldn't do that. He put the laptop aside and got up, heading into the kitchen, “Sherlock everything alright?” he asked, leaning against the kitchen counter. “You’ve seemed… off”
“I understand Sherlock, I do. We’ll go slow alright? After all I didn’t say this to you to rush things, I said it because I’ve nearly lost you again and again, I just needed you to know how I feel, no matter what the consequence was” he admitted.
Sorry for the delay in the update, I hope you enjoyed it so far. Thanks for reading!
“I did, you haven’t eaten in two days, no point of you collapsing on a case when it can be prevented” John said simply, placing the tray on the edge of the bed.
The two come together in new ways and it is a little more than unexpected.
Of course Sherlock noticed his friend’s struggle and he couldn’t help but smile a little, “You know you don’t have to wear a shirt right? You didn’t last night and it wasn’t an issue.” he commented, rolling over so that he was facing John while resting just a little closer. He debated whether or not to just cuddle up to him and see what happened but then the realization that he himself wasn’t wearing a shirt came to mind. He had completely forgotten for the time being that if anyone should be wearing a shirt, it should be him. Since he had left John all that time ago after the Fall, he had landed himself in Serbia and the scarring on his back was there still, the long marks still slightly raised but no longer their deep red colour. Rolling back, he laid flat, staring up at the ceiling and mentally cursing himself for not considering this earlier. If he put his own shirt on now, John would surely notice and perhaps feel self conscious himself but if he didn’t… The thought of John seeing him in such a state was very… not good.
Sherlock stopped in his tracks all of a sudden, looking at John seriously, “You have to tell me whatever you were going to say before that call when we get home, alright?”
After a moment of silence and deliberation as to how he could explain this away, Sherlock was stunned when John didn’t ask nor force anything out of him. Of course the doctor would have been able to tell what was there… so why didn’t he ask? Perhaps he didn’t care or didn’t want to know. Unlikely. John cared about him and John knew him… ah, that was it. John knew when Sherlock didn’t want to talk, he wouldn’t. So he was going to leave it until the time was right.  Sherlock relaxed just a little bit, holding the doctor just a little closer before replying in a cracked tone, “Goodnight John”. For some reason he had the overwhelming and unexplainable urge to lean down and press a kiss to his friend’s forehead but he decided against it, right now it was time to sleep. Just like the night before, as soon as they were connected, they both fell into a deep and comfortable sleep.
‘He’s here, he’s fine’ he’s fine’ John thought over and over, reassuring himself before turning to look at his friend, “I’m alright, sorry about that, I didn’t mean to wake you” he murmured, not daring to look away from Sherlock just in case he disappeared. That’s how it always felt with Sherlock Holmes, it always felt like if you looked away for too long that he would simply disappear.
Lost in thought, Sherlock was panicked when he felt a hand on his shoulder and he went rigid. Looking over, he saw it was John but that didn’t really help, “I’m fine… Just… let’s go to sleep” he said, closing his own eyes and simply laying there. He knew it was irrational but he wanted nothing more right now than to hide himself away and never surface again.
Seeing John rush off to research, Sherlock smiled to himself but got up and went to the kitchen to try and busy himself with an experiment. He knew he had left a pile of tobacco lying around somewhere, granted he would need to find it quickly otherwise the blood on it would become too contaminated for him to work from. ‘I knew I should have put it in a bag… ‘ he thought grumpily as he scanned the room, soon spotting the scattered tobacco from their recent cold case. As per usual, while he was working, hours went by and soon enough the night was upon them. Funnily enough, the stress of today and all the revelations had actually managed to tire the detective to such a point that his focus was disrupted. Sighing, he put his tobacco in a bag and looked up to find John was no longer in the living room, as usual he had probably spoken to him and due to the work he hadn’t noticed. Usually this wasn’t a problem, so why now did Sherlock feel a guilt pool in his stomach at the thought of John addressing him and getting no response? He shook the feeling off and went to his room, feeling relieved as soon as his head hit the pillow. Normally, sleep was simply an inconvenience, but tonight it was more than appreciated as Sherlock found himself drifting off into slumber within seconds.
Despite the fact that John was being kind, Sherlock knew that logically, he had the better bed for two people but when he went to say something, he felt… awkward. It was certainly strange but he tried his best to swallow the feeling down and took hold of John’s wrist until he could articulate what he wanted to say. He cut out the long winded explanation he had and went straight for logical thought, “My bed is bigger… it might be more comfortable for us” he suggested. It probably seemed strange but there was something about the idea of John Sharing his bed that made his stomach flutter a little, he couldn’t place the reason for this though and shook it off.
John sported a smile of his own and leaned over, kissing Sherlock’s lips softly, “I’m glad.” he said, his heart fluttering just a little at the contact.
Reaching over, John turned off the lamp on his bedside table before wrapping his arm around Sherlock’s thin torso, “Goodnight Sherlock, I love you” he whispered, gently kissing the top of Sherlock’s head before he felt the need to sleep begin to overwhelm him.
After the events of the morning, the pair realize there is a change in their relationship but can't quite see what it is. John is the calm one here, Sherlock... not so much. Then again it isn't every day you wake up beside the man you are unwittingly falling for is it?
Still staring at the place where John had stood, Sherlock barely heard the DI speak but he words sunk in, “You really are an arse sometimes, you know that?”
‘Thanks’
Thanks for sticking around and reading!
By the time the light streamed through the windows, John was already awake. He had woken up to the realization that he was not alone and to his surprise, Sherlock was the one beside him. At first he had assumed it was some form of hangover hallucination. Maybe he was still drunk? No, no. Unfortunately he was completely and utterly sober which most people wouldn’t complain about but in this situation it was a little different. He thought back on the events of the night before and guilt wracked through him like nobody’s business. ‘How could I have been so selfish…? I’m sorry Sherlock…’ he thought bitterly, cuddling closer to the detective and running a hand down his back. There he felt the slight bumps and lines that he had noticed before. Yet again he was curious and had the opportunity to look should he want… but no. He would wait, he would always wait for Sherlock’s guidance and permission, that’s just how it worked. Unless of course the stubborn detective was being stupid at which point John was 100% happy to take the reigns and control the situation to the best of his abilities. Not long after he had moved, Sherlock began to stir and groan in his arms as he twisted his head and nuzzled into John’s chest, hiding from the morning sunlight. Chuckling, John moved a hand up to cradle the back of Sherlock’s head, “Morning… take it you haven’t had enough sleep yet?” he asked, his voice a little deep having only just awoken from his own slumber.
“Welcome to a regular person’s body” John said with a smile, the smile falling when he realized he would be sleeping alone tonight. He wanted to ask… no, that would be bad. How could he ask Sherlock to stay with him again? That would be bizarre...surely. Before he could stop himself, John realized he was speaking, “Would you stay with me again perhaps?” The words seemed to tumble out before he could even attempt to stop them and at that, John felt himself go pale. It was odd, he wanted so badly to just be around Sherlock and show him how much he loved him and cared but every time there was an opportunity to do so, he became nervous. In all honesty it made sense when he thought about it, Sherlock was way out of his league in every way and was not looking for any kind of relationship besides the one he has with his work. “ I mean uh…. If you want to of course” he tried to finish and make things better but it didn’t quite work.
When they had his the floor, at first Sherlock had no idea as to what had quite happened. One minute had had been running, the next he was on the floor with his blogger laying on top of him. He was pretty sure that his back and ribs had taken a bit of a bruising but other than that he felt alright. That was until John exploded in his face, but it wasn’t anger … Looking intently over the blonde, Sherlock noticed his face was slightly contorted, pained even. “I… I didn’t see it… I’m sorry John. Are you… alright?” he asked, unsure as to what else to do at this point. John was clearly upset, his body was trembling and his eyes were fixed on Sherlock as though he may disappear at any moment, it made Sherlock feel rather small.
Sorry for the delays lately, life is a little in the way but I will continue to update this when I can.
“Yeah I’m fine, just not as young as I once was” John chuckled, trying and failing to calm his breathing and straighten up. “You do your thing, I’ll catch up”
Sherlock had taken off like a bullet when Lestrade had given him the last known location of a potential suspect. He had flown through the streets of London like a bat out of hell and before he even knew it, he was there, looking at the alley with intent until he turned to talk to John and found his blogger was not actually at his side. Looking behind, he saw John leaning on a wall, clearly struggling a little after the run. Sometimes Sherlock felt bad for leaving his friend behind like that, John struggled often when it came to the more physical side of cases, Sherlock knew that unlike himself, John wasn’t capable of running on pure adrenaline at all times. Concerned, he walked back towards the shorter man, “Are you alright?” he asked, looking over John and seeing the sweat on his brow and the fast pace of his breathing.
Thanks for reading :)
Awkwardness ensues as John find himself stumbling over his words and Sherlock tries to understand the butterflies in his stomach to no avail.
“Well there are no consequences, unless you count teaching me how to do this as a consequence?” Sherlock said with an awkward chuckle, resting his head on top of John’s and collecting data on the way in which a hug like this made him feel. It was odd, despite John being smaller, he felt safe and warm in his arms. Curious.
While he was lost in that small uncomfortable thought bubble, he realized there was a hand on his knee and John simply stared at it for a moment as he blinked away the daze he had apparently been in. Following the hand to the person it was attached to, John realized Sherlock was shaking his knee lightly, “John, come on, we’re here” came that baritone that made him shiver slightly. Nodding, John paid the driver and stepped out of the cab, looking around to catch his bearings before turning to the detective who was watching him with a raised eyebrow, “Are you alright John? You seem to have gone into rather deep thought” he commented.
“How can I do anything if I’m lying down fully clothed?” Sherlock asked, obeying John’s instruction regardless.
Humming, John rested his cheek on top of Sherlock’s head and used his other hand to lightly run up and down his back in a soothing motion. “Definitely. I’m...I’m sorry for running off like I did. I was overreacting. It doesn’t matter what you think of me at the end of the day. You’re right I’m...I’m just me.” Although it hurt to say, it was the truth, it always had been. The only reason it had hurt so much at the time was because it was a truth that had never been vocalized in the past. He followed, Sherlock left him behind. He spoke, Sherlock ignored him. He stood by, Sherlock bolted onward. It was how it had always been and that was ok, it’s not as though things were going to suddenly change now. For most people this sort of thing would be a warning sign if ever they saw one, to John however, it was the furthest thing from it. He would never be able to be on par with Sherlock Holmes, but he was ok with that. It didn’t change a damn thing and despite all the pain he knew he would end up enduring over the years for that absolutely brilliant madman… John was ok with it all, as long as he could show him just how much he meant. It was only then that John realized he had gotten lost in thought and Sherlock was racing through a rather complex apology. Shaking his head, John pulled back and slid his hand from the back of Sherlock’s head to his cheek, tilting his face so their eyes met, “Hey… don’t worry about it… ok? We’re ok.” he whispered. Sherlock’s face in his hand, the warmth on his palm, the way that the detective stopped mid word and just looked at John in a stunned silence… the immediate tension which enveloped them was sudden, tangible and almost too much to bear.
There is no way these two can have things easy. Miscommunication is bound to occur...
The shower certainly helped to clear Sherlock’s mind, but it also allowed him time to think on a few elements of his and John’s friendship which lead into curious corners of his mind palace. He had thought back to the incident with the robber and it appeared that incident was a catalyst towards a change in their connection. John had put himself on the line for him many times in the past, he had killed for him, lied for him and nearly died for him. It was something that Sherlock both hated and admired more than anything. Something about this time around was different however. This time, Sherlock had no chance of getting out and John gave away something that took Sherlock’s breath away. The dog tags. He knew more than anyone what those tags meant to the ex-army doctor and it wasn’t something to be glossed over. John wore them every day without fail, kept them spotless and packed them away each night, although no one ever saw them. Army habit. If he dropped dead one day someone would have to identify him and that was the easiest way. Sherlock had winced at the idea, despite his disconnection from most of humanity, he had become attached to his doctor. His doctor? Since when had John become his? Since a while ago actually. When he really thought about it, John had been described as his for a long time now and he had accepted it without question. Curious. Getting back on track, their relationship had changed somehow, but how? For some bizarre reason, Sherlock found himself wanting John by his side even at night, keeping him close. Why? He had never wanted that before, so why now? What changed? Why was John looking at him differently? Why did he keep blushing? So many questions but no time to answer them, John was calling. Sighing, Sherlock put the thoughts on pause and headed down for breakfast, wrapped in a towel with his hair sopping wet.
A smile broke across John’s face and he nodded, eyes flicking between their connected hands and Sherlock’s confused expression. “I’m so glad you are alright. I’m sorry I wasn’t quicker… I saw him but I didn’t notice until I was round the corner and… I’m sorry” he apologized, the smile fading from his lips. ‘If I had just been quicker I could have prevented this, I could have stopped Sherlock from being drugged by that arse…’ John was snapped out of his thoughts by Sherlock squeezing his hand. The detective looked like he wanted to say something but no words came out, instead he just  shook his head and closed his eyes. John sighed and did the same, resting his forehead on Sherlock’s bare shoulder, “If I was more observant I wouldn’t risk losing you so often” he muttered.
When John had bolted from the flat, something felt odd. He couldn’t pinpoint it for the life of him though. Despite the sheer embarrassment he felt under Sherlock’s assessing gaze, the second he had left the flat he felt uneasy. Why? Despite being round the corner and halfway down the next street, John stopped and frowned as he tried to dispel the feeling he had that was making his guts curl in on themselves. ‘What is it? What on earth is it?  What have I missed?’ he thought to himself, cursing his inability to shake this feeling and move forward. Should he go back? No, surely not. How would he explain that when he got in? But something was telling him he should… Minutes passed and he simply stood there, unable to bring himself to keep moving forward until he figured out what on earth was holding him there. ‘Think. Think!  I left the flat, there were a few people around, there was a car, there was a cyclist. Nothing weird. I walked down the street, there were a few kids clearly going to school, a man walking his dog and… a guy with a mask, looking down at the ground.’ John felt his blood run cold. That man. That mask. Surely it couldn't be what he thought it was. No time to think on it. John took off in the direction of the flat, not stopping even for a second as he bolted up the stairs and into the living room. What he saw horrified him beyond what words could portray. There was Sherlock, laying slumped on the sofa with a syringe in his neck and a masked figure was tying his hands with a thick rope. John had never quite understood the idea of people having ‘ice’ in their veins… until now. It was as though any warmth he had in his heart had frozen over and nothing but sheer cold hatred and rage vibrated through him now.  Silence blanketed the room for a mere moment and then John lunged forward, tackling the hooded figure without a moment of hesitation. They fell to the ground and John hand his hands on the other man’s throat before he even had the opportunity to defend himself. John had never been one to exact revenge on a person but at this point, there was nothing to stop him. Below him, he watched the man writhe and struggle, attempting to push John off of him and failing miserably. Despite his size, John was strong and always had been, he compensated for height with muscle and most people didn’t expect that. A punch came across his face but it was not enough to deter the doctor, another and another came, weaker each time. Despite the pain, he remained on top, refusing to relent even for a moment. When the blows stopped coming and the man below began grasping at his hands in sheer desperation, John leant down and whispered in the attackers ear, “When you mess with Sherlock Holmes, you mess with me… and I can promise you, that you don’t want to mess with me”. At that moment, the figure below him went limp and John released his grip. Granted, the man was just unconscious but John felt a swell of sick pride at the idea. Looking over to Sherlock, he frowned and crawled over to him, untying his wrists and wincing at the developing rope burns that were already showing on the pale skin. Although he really wanted to check on Sherlock, it was more important right now to keep this man subdued. John moved back to the unconscious assailant and roughly flipped him onto his stomach, yanking his arms behind his back and tying him far tighter than need be, making sure it was secure. Sure John was no sadist, but there was absolutely no way that this guy was not getting off with no mark whatsoever, that would be too good for such a lowlife. Once he was sure the man was down and out for the count, John jumped up and moved over to Sherlock. First things first, he took the needle from his neck, putting it on the side and applied pressure to the wound with his finger to stop the bleeding. Crouching beside the brunette, he used his free hand to stroke his friend’s pale cheek, “Sherlock? Sherlock can you hear me?”
How could a touch change someone’s heartbeat and breathing rate so drastically? A topic to think over and research later. Sherlock’s mind came back online when John moved away and strangely enough, he found himself missing the warmth and contact almost immediately. Curious. “Breakfast sounds good. I’ll be down in a few moments, I feel a shower may be in order” he said, heading to his en-suite quickly and closing the door behind him.
As they sat, John tried his best to act like he wasn’t internally face palming for his own idiocy but he knew Sherlock could see right through it, ‘At least he hasn’t mentioned it… dammit John stop being so stupid!’ he thought bitterly. Looking over at Sherlock, he shrugged, “The usual probably, I know if I order more I won’t actually finish it” he admitted. Seeing the flicker of the candlelight reflected in Sherlock’s eyes made John want to look into them forever but that would be an odd thing to try and explain. Clearing his throat, he waved down Angelo and they simultaneously said “The usual” with John being the one to add the “Please” at the end of it as always.They chatted idly for a while until their food came wherein they ate without a word. Eventually they strolled out of Angelo’s, full and content, “That man really knows how to cook” John mumbled, rubbing his stomach a little.
Finally when the bartender had paid heed to John’s existence, fate seemed to frown on John as he heard the call of his name in an all too familiar baritone. Sighing, he didn’t even bother to face the man who had quickly planted himself at the bar beside him, instead he waited patiently for the bartender and ignored the detective entirely. “Pint of your finest mate” he said with a curt nod to the man behind the bar, the reply he got was a simple nod back but he wasn’t going to complain at all. No no no. He was going to get his pint and he was going to go sit down and enjoy the peaceful evening as he ignored the presence of world’s only consulting detective beside him. As harsh as it seemed, why would he care? After all.. John was hardly important was he? The thought stung but he shrugged it off, tapping his card to the reader and collecting the golden beverage before moving away and perching himself in a nearby booth where he had a decent view of the footie on the flatscreen. To his dismay, the brunette followed him into the booth and continued to talk but John tried his best to drown out every word. All he could think, all he could feel and all he wanted was to say a big ‘Fuck you’ to Sherlock bloody Holmes.
“Forgive you?” Sherlock repeated, his eyebrows knitting together in confusion as he tried to process all of this. How could John Watson, the sweetest, kindest and most loyal man he had ever know possibly fall in love with him? It didn't add up. John hated the things he did. John hated the way he; left mess around the flat, experimented in the kitchen, accidentally set fire to things, worked til the ungodly hours, woke him for cases… so much more. It didn’t make sense. John liked women, he always dated women, he always had sex with women, he always brought women back to the flat, he married a woman. It didn’t make sense. John could get someone, anyone, a million other people who were far better for him that he could ever be. But no, the way John was looking at him... His pulse… How upset he had been when he had said he didn’t care… The way he had beaten the assailant in the flat. The way he had given away his most precious possessions. The way he had always come through for him, no matter what. The way he had visited his tombstone every day, tears on his cheeks. The way he had been on their last phone call for years. The way he made him a cup of tea each morning. The way he raced around London with him. The way he put his life on the line at the pool. The way he had shot the cabbie with seconds to spare… The way he looked at him on the first night at Angelo’s and the way he looked at him right now.
“I won’t. I have to warn you I may be uncomfortable with a lot… I’ve never had any emotional connection even vaguely similar to this let alone a relationship of any kind that was real. I can fake it for a case but that’s different” he mumbled, shuddering at the false relationship he had with Janine.
I’ll admit I’ve been a bit derailed for some time, I wanted to make regular updates and carry this all forward but time after time life gets in the way. I’m glad if you are still reading after all the time that’s passed and hope I can get back into this. Pre-warning: chapters will be a little all over the place for the beginning of the relationship but please bear with it. I just can’t see these two working right off the bat.
When John finally broke the silence, Sherlock found himself feeling a sense of relief. Despite his enthusiasm the other night, he didn’t know if he was quite capable of getting involved in a random morning shag just yet. He shifted and found himself slightly at a loss for words but luckily, John took control swiftly.
It made sense.
John was a little startled by Sherlock breaking the kiss, even more so by what he broke it to say. The shock didn’t last however and John sighed, smiling a little sadly up at the confused man before him, “I do, God I do, but sex doesn’t mean just doing something for the hell of it Sherlock. In the past, has no one ever bothered with a build up? Foreplay? Things like that?” he asked, a little concerned to hear the answer.
Things are settling down so time for more updates :)
All of the tension that had been in the room seemed to fade away as they sat there, both of them unmoving, unwilling to break the calm silence between them. Time stood still, even if it were just for a mere seconds. An implausible possibility, but one that they was eager to entertain even if it was only for that one moment in time. It was then that the silence was broken by the slight shuffling sound on John shuffling back to his side of the bed. Sighing, Sherlock turned to face him to see John sitting there, clearly dealing with an internal dilemma, judging by the many conflicting facial expressions that glance across his features. Sherlock liked watching John think, unlike himself who remained still and contemplative, John’s thoughts and emotions filtered across his face like a complex dance as he battled with himself. Watching John was sometimes Sherlock’s favourite thing to do, on some occasions it could be more interesting to him than a case or a murder scene or even an unidentified corpse! John was… different. He was one of the most honest and sincere men he had ever met, a man with a strong moral compass and strong loyalty… he also made a damn good cuppa. “John?” he ventured to speak, hoping that maybe it would pull John back to reality a little.
Posture change. Soldier. Defensive. Not good. Taking the tray, Sherlock set it on his lap and began to eat without a second thought. No, he wasn’t hungry, but he would be damned if he was going to outright ruin this because of his big mouth. Oddly enough, he wanted whatever was growing between them to flourish properly., that couldn’t happen if he began by putting everything down instantly. “Thank you, John” he said after finishing a mouthful of egg. It was nice granted, who could deny a good fry up in the morning? It certainly beat having cereal or just toast because he was in a rush.
‘Why on earth is he looking at me like that? Elevated pulse, dilated pupils, licking lips unconsciously... Romantic interest? No, this is John. He is very ‘not-gay’ and has no interest in me… right?’ Shaking his thoughts away, Sherlock joined John at the table and carefully began to analyse his strange behavior. It had changed after they had shared the bed on that first night after the incident, which was odd as that wasn’t the first time they had ever shared a bed, although it was far more intimate. John had never been bothered by any of their other ridiculous and intimate antics in the past, so why was this different. Perhaps a normal person would have simply asked what the problem was but to Sherlock Holmes oh no… this was a challenge and the game was on! ‘What exactly was the trigger to this?’ he thought, tilting his head and looking at John intently as thought he answers would simply appear in front of his face at will.
(See the end of the chapter for
Thank you for sticking with me and I hope you enjoy this chapter.
“John, I just want you to know, you don’t have to be so careful with me. I appreciate the sentiment but for once, I think it would be best if you simply lead me in the right direction. If I don’t like it, you will be sure to know.” Sherlock decided it was best to point this out now. He had to admit, this careful and considerate side of John was something he indeed found to be endearing in a way, however if it carried on too long he knew  it would become tedious. It was a personal gripe of his, being treated as though he were some fragile child, incapable of grasping the concept of things. It reminded him all too much of how Mycroft had treated him all of his life and he was certainly not going to let anyone else do that to him ever again. “After all, it isn’t as though I have never had any romantic encounters before, be they falsified for a case or real…” he trailed off, remembering the odd few encounters in the back of his mind. Back when Sherlock found himself in a dark place, his mind addled by drugs and his hazy vision making the world a tolerable sight, people had managed to lure him in. The nights had always  been short and a blur but luckily, despite his discrepancies, he had come out of it all clean and clear. Sitting upright, he turned to John and looked over the blonde carefully. Without the influence of various substances, all of this was more terrifying and if he were alone now  in a dingy alley with some stranger, he would be bricking it. This was different though, this wasn’t a fear of dangerous sex under the influence, this was a whole new fear. A fear of opening up to a world intimacy that he had never known. “Kiss me” he said after a moment of internal deliberation.
John smiled a little more genuinely, “You’re welcome. I’ll uh… I’ll see you downstairs” he said before backing out of the room and heading off. He knew he would be analysed for it but that didn’t matter. All that mattered was that he got his head together. It seemed strange to him, the fact that what Sherlock said had stung, the fact that when he went in, the first thing he wanted to do was say good morning, hand Sherlock his breakfast and kiss his forehead. He knew it wasn’t an option just yet but that little though was enough to bring the smile back to his face. He knew it was a while away yet, but he couldn’t wait to build something real with this man, this crazy detective… his crazy detective. Heading to his room, John pulled on his shirt, the buttons were a bit more difficult to do up that they used to be but he would worry about that later. The beige jumper was his warm and cozy choice for today, followed by a pair of comfortable jeans. He knew he should probably dress up, but even if he did, he knew he would look foolish in fancy clothes that didn’t fit, plus there was very little point in trying to impress the great Sherlock Holmes, he would be ripped to shreds in seconds. That was going to be the hardest part about all of this, what would John do that could possibly impress such a man, after all, he hadn’t been with a man since the was in the army, even that wouldn’t have helped him now. Shaking those thoughts away, John headed into the bathroom to freshen up before going to his usual place in the living room and settling down with his laptop to go through the emails and case files he had been sent. Since it was a date day, he decided that this case needed to be at least an 8 to make it worthwhile. ‘Bingo’ he though, scanning through the topmost file.
John stood there for a moment, trying to figure out exactly what game Sherlock was playing at. It didn’t take long for him to realise however that Sherlock was hardly in the mindset to play games, anyone who knew the detective could tell that when it came down to certain topics, he was far less likely to joke around. “Well if that’s the case, how about we go back to the bedroom?” he suggested.
Looking at the space between them, John shuffled closer, “Just didn’t want to hog the bed” he said with a small shrug. He struggled with his shirt a bit, the material twisting and riding up with his movement. There was a reason that he rarely wore a shirt to bed and this was it. Sighing in defeat at the still twisted fabric, he laid back and closed his eyes.
Nodding, Sherlock retreated out of the bathroom and waited for John to take the lead. Despite his bold proposition, he still found himself out of his element. Yes, he wanted this in every way, but it was something that threw his usual calm attitude straight out of the window. He was brought out of his thoughts by John who had at this point taken hold of his hand and was smiling at him. Somehow, that smile eased the tension in the air and Sherlock found himself following John to the bedroom. In a way, what he expected wasn’t what he got. Considering past experience, he assumed that upon their arrival to the room, John would simply push him down on the bed and claim him, spilling inside before getting on with the rest of his day. Crude as that was, it was hardly an abnormality for some people. He didn’t even notice John had let go of his hand as he went to remove his pyjamas.
It’s funny how much of a difference a change in scenery can make, the second that the pair had left the flat it felt as though they could both breathe freely again. Something about the events of that morning had been weighing heavily on them in there. Despite the chill of the evening air, it was fairly pleasant weather for London; no depressing rain, grey skies or harsh breezes. Sherlock looked around for a nearby cab, his keen eye spotting one in mere seconds before he managed to flag it down. Whenever John tried to do this he was typically ignored, at first he thought perhaps Sherlock had some form of presence that he simply did not possess himself but nowadays he puts it down to the fact he is a lot shorter and in turn harder to spot. They clambered into the cab and set off, sitting in a comfortable silence while the driver took them through the quiet streets. Rush hour had passed now, it was already almost 8pm and the trickle of cars that made their way through the London roads were all but in a rush by this point. Turning, John looked over to Sherlock and smiled a little, he always looked so different when they were out under the city lights. His cheekbones looked sharper, his face more solem, his eyes glinted as he analysed every little thing within his view. John’s glance only lasted a moment, he hardly needed longer than that because if he lingered, he knew he would be caught and neither of them would not want to have to deal with that sort of conversation. John could imagine it now:
Understanding washed over Greg like a wave and she couldn’t help the small smile that betrayed his knowledge of the situation. He shook his head fondly at the detective, “It’s not for me to tell you Sherlock, either you’ll figure it out or John will explain sometime, ok?”
“Love?” Sherlock whispered, suddenly wide awake as he looked up at the soft face of his most precious blogger.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Angelo’s” John agreed with a smile.
No replies came and twenty minutes later he pulled up outside 221b and gave the driver a few notes before darting into the flat without the change. A few pennies were the least of his worries at this point, all that he could think about was the million and one things Sherlock could have done in the time he had been away. “Sherlock?” he called, rushing up the stairs and into the flat. Empty. No one in the living room or in the kitchen. No sound anywhere. “Sherlock?” he called again, hoping maybe he just hadn’t been heard. Dropping his bag by the door, John found himself rushing about the flat, each room being empty except for the bedroom. His bedroom. “Sherlock I know you are in there, open up” he said, relief seeping into his tone. Seconds passed and no sound came out of the room. “Sherlock come on, this isn’t funny. Look I know you were upset earlier and so was I but how about we just take a minute to talk about it eh?” No response. Concerned, John bent down and tried to peer through the keyhole but remembered there was a coat on the back of the door which obscured his view. Sighing, John got down on his knees and looked under the door only to feel his heart drop in his chest. There, on the other side of the door was Sherlock, lying unconscious in the middle of the room. Without a moment of hesitation, John jumped to his feet, trying the handle again, “Sherlock!” he shouted, rattling the handle in frustration. No reply. With that John backed away from the door and charged it without a second thought. Unlike in the movies, the door didn’t just fly open and John groaned as the pain rippled up his shoulder and the door remained in place. Again. Again. Again. No change in the status of the door. Panting, John took another approach, angling himself properly, he took a deep breath and kicked the door by the hinges. Away it came and he had to dive forward to prevent it from landing on the man on the ground. Rushing over, John fell to his knees and rolled Sherlock onto his back only to feel disappointment well in his chest. Upon seeing the brunette locked in a room and sprawled out like a rag doll on the floor, he had thought the worst, thinking maybe he had been attacked, maybe he had suffered a medical emergency of psychological breakdown. No, nothing like that. Under his nose there was a fine white powder residue. Sherlock was out cold, having bloody overdosed himself again. John was utterly disgusted. One problem had arisen and this was the result? Sherlock had dealt with it by locking himself in a bedroom and getting so high he collapsed. Maybe John had taken on more than he could handle. As he looked down at the detective a thought came to mind, a thought he never imagined even for a moment that he would experience. He missed Mary. He missed Sarah. He missed a lot of the women from his past right then and there. Well actually, not them in specific, he missed the ease of having a relationship where you could relax, watch the telly, have a comfy evening shag and go to bed in eachothers arms. He missed the first few months of a relationship which included going on dates to the theatre of the bowling alley. He missed having someone hold his hand and walk the length of the city while watching the stars. Suddenly the reminiscing stopped and John was consumed by guilt. Collecting himself, John lifted Sherlock into his arms and moved him onto the bed, laying him on his side before leaving the room. He couldn’t stay there. Hell now he couldn't even bring himself to look at the man he loved, not while he was like this over something so foolish. All the concern before had worn off and John just felt utter disappointment. This was not over, not by a long shot, they needed to work this out but he would have to wait until the detective was able to think clearly and explain himself. John needed to know what the hell they were going to do because right now, he didn’t have the answers. The only one who could help them move past this was Sherlock himself.
